MCU: a Darcy Lewis/Maria Hill fic So, I wrote this thing, which works fine as a stand-alone fic, but I'd kind of like to turn it into a get-together fic. I'm too tired right now to work out how, so: any suggestions? Darcy’s been living in Stark Tower for exactly two weeks. After the whole thing with HYDRA and the collapse of SHIELD, Stark insisted that all the other Avengers move in, and Thor wasn’t about to go anywhere without Jane, so she got an invite too. Darcy isn’t exactly sure how she ended up in Stark Tower with the rest of them, except that she was really, really adamant that she wasn’t going to be left behind to try and pay rent out of a non-existent intern’s salary, so here she is, living in Stark Tower. It’s an adventure, is what it is. Darcy’s just starting to get used to it – the thing no one told her about superheroes is that all of them are eccentric; so far the most normal one of the lot seems to be Black Widow, which is either an elaborate front or a sad indictment of what superheroics does to people – but even so, she still has about five how is this my life? moments per day. Jane has a lab down on one of the Stark Industries floors, which is why Darcy is in the breakroom early in the morning, sipping a delicious cup of coffee produced by the custom-made S.I. coffee machine (clearly, Stark understands the vital importance of above-standard caffeination) when in walks a tall, graceful brunette wearing an outfit that looks like it cost more than everything Darcy owns, holding a coffee mug decorated with Captain America’s shield. Hot Brunette doesn’t seem to notice Darcy slumped at one of the tables; she goes straight to the coffee machine and shoves her Captain America mug under it, waiting until it’s full of hot, steaming coffee. Darcy watches as Hot Brunette closes her eyes and takes a sip of said coffee, and mutters loudly enough for Darcy to hear, “Bless Stark and his coffee fixation.” “Amen, sister,” Darcy says, from where she’s wrapped around her own cup of coffee. Hot Brunette turns, eyes narrowed, holding her cup of coffee. “You,” she says. “You’re not a Stark Industries employee.” “Nope,” Darcy agrees, a little impressed that Hot Brunette has worked that out at a glance. She wonders whether Hot Brunette actually knows everyone who works here, or if the purple sweater gave it away. She’s pretty sure purple sweaters don’t adhere to the S.I. dress code, but what would she know? As Hot Brunette’s just pointed out, she’s not an employee. “I know you,” Hot Brunette goes on. “You’re the one with the iPod fetish. Coulson complained about you.” “It’s not a fetish ,” Darcy says indignantly. “It’s a unique and beautiful symbiosis. I am one with the iPod. Besides, those things aren’t cheap, you know.” “It was my understanding that all equipment confiscated during the New Mexico incident was returned,” Hot Brunette says, with a frown. “ Hah ,” Darcy scoffs darkly. “All of Jane’s equipment, maybe, but I guess my iPod wasn’t important enough for anyone to care about. I had to save up for weeks to buy a new one, which let me tell you, is pretty difficult when you’re not being paid.” “You’re not being paid?” Hot Brunette echoes. “What do you do here?” “I’m Dr Foster’s intern,” Darcy says agreeably, glad that someone apparently agrees with her about the injustice of the lack-of-payment thing. “It was meant to be for one summer, but then I saw things that man is not meant to know and I don’t know, I sort of got stuck as Jane’s intern forever? Which is fun, don’t get me wrong, but I’ve been taking jobs on the side to get by and even those don’t actually cover all my costs.” Darcy picks at a loose thread on her sweater, and pulls on it for emphasis. “See this? All my clothes are like this. I haven’t been able to afford new clothes in ages. I only shelled out for the iPod because life without tunes is a sad, sad existence.” Hot Brunette blinks. “Dr Foster made funding arrangements with Stark Industries, and didn’t bother to make sure you actually get paid?” she asks. “I know ,” Darcy says fervently. “I was all like, ‘it’s great that you’ve got your research funded and stuff, Jane, but would it have killed you to arrange for Stark to give me a salary or something?’ I mean, I’m sick of living off nothing but the proceeds from odd jobs, and huge amounts of coffee.” By this point Darcy is feeling pretty friendly towards Hot Brunette. Most people just treat Darcy like furniture and barely notice she’s there, but Hot Brunette not only noticed, she’s shown signs of caring about Darcy’s batshit living situation! It gives Darcy warm and fuzzy feelings, so she asks, “Who are you, anyway?” “Maria Hill,” Hot Brunette says, and her voice is clipped and efficient. “I’m the Head of Security for the Tower.” Darcy’s eyes widen, because she’s heard of Maria Hill – back when Jane was still sort of a SHIELD Research Department shill, Darcy heard a lot of gossip about Deputy Director Maria Hill. Deputy Director Hill was supposed to be coolly professional and kind of a hardass, an ice queen who took no shit from nobody and was worse than Fury if you messed up on the job. Deputy Director Hill was freaking legendary . Maria Hill, though, seems nice enough, as far as Darcy can tell. Smart, and on-the-ball, but not exactly a hellion or anything. Darcy wonders how much of that was the Deputy Director job, and how much of it was just SHIELD’s rumour mill. “The fact that you’re not being paid for your work is stupid,” Hill says, blunt and direct. If Darcy didn’t already like her, that would definitely be a point in her favour. Darcy likes straightforward people. “I’ll talk to Stark, make sure he arranges something.” “Oh my God, if you do, you’re my new hero,” Darcy says. “You don’t know how awesome it would be to actually get paid. Job satisfaction isn’t everything.” Maria Hill smiles a bit at that. “I’ll see what I can do,” she says, which is apparently her way of signalling that the conversation is over, because she leaves the breakroom, taking her mug of coffee with her. Darcy drinks some more of her coffee, and considers going off to the lab to do some work. Then she decides, nope, if she’s not getting paid for what she does, she can decide her own work hours, thank you. Work can wait until she’s finished her coffee. She wonders why, in all the rumours that she overheard about Deputy Director Hill, no one ever mentioned that she was smoking hot. As it turns out, Maria Hill is totally Darcy’s new hero. The next day Darcy is in the common room kitchen eating cake for breakfast (it’s a weekend and she’s an adult; she can do what she wants, okay) when Pepper Potts walks in, looking purposeful. “Miss Lewis,” she says, with a smile. “Uh, yes?” Darcy asks, hurriedly swallowing. She’s painfully aware of the fact that she’s sitting in her pyjamas eating cake for breakfast. A moment ago, this seemed awesome; now it just seems embarrassing. “I came to inform you that you’re now on Stark Industries’ payroll,” says Pepper Potts. Her smile holds a hint of chagrin. “I’m very sorry about the oversight. Somehow, when Dr Foster and Tony were making arrangements, they seem to have overlooked your position.” Pepper’s smile is now a little tight. “Sometimes Jane sees me more like an accessory than a person,” Darcy explains, with as much dignity as is possible, under the circumstances. “It’s probably her fault. She forgets that normal people actually make money from their work, instead of just, like, pursuing a fruitless obsession. Don’t worry about it.” Darcy’s speech doesn’t seem to have particularly reassured Ms Potts. If anything, Pepper’s smile is tighter than it was before. “Regardless,” says Pepper. “Welcome to Stark Industries, Miss Lewis.” “Thanks,” Darcy says politely, and sort of wishes Pepper would leave. It feels like it would be rude to finish eating her cake while Pepper is here. “I hope you’re happy here,” Pepper finishes, and aims another smile at Darcy. “Enjoy your cake.” “Thanks,” Darcy says again. Pepper leaves about then, thank God, and Darcy is left to finish her cake in peace, with the newfound security of knowing that her kinda-shitty unpaid internship is now, possibly, an actual job. “Maria Hill is definitely my new hero,” Darcy says aloud. This, she thinks, requires thanks in-person. It takes time to gather intelligence on Maria Hill, mostly because she’s only been working at S.I. for a month or so herself, but after some wheedling Darcy manages to persuade the Black Widow to let slip that Maria has a weakness for red velvet cupcakes. So, about a week and a half after Darcy officially joins the S.I. payroll, she makes her way down to Security’s secret lair, with the assistance of JARVIS, who has made sure that her ID card has temporarily been granted access to areas of the Tower that Darcy normally can’t access. Darcy knocks on Maria’s office door, balancing a box of cupcakes in the other hand, and waits for the crisp “Come in,” before she opens the door and walks in. Maria is sitting at her desk. One eyebrow rises as she takes in her visitor. “Miss Lewis,” she says brusquely. “I wasn’t aware you had access to the Security floor.” That is most definitely a demand for information, Darcy thinks. “Don’t worry, it’s just temporary, I convinced JARVIS it was for a good cause.” “Which is?” Maria’s poker face is pretty good, but Darcy is fairly sure she can read amused resignation in her expression. Darcy knows the feeling. Everyone around here is banana balls. Trying to keep things secure must be an exercise in futility. “I wanted to say thank you for sorting out the whole ‘Darcy should be paid’ thing,” Darcy explains. “These are for you.” Darcy puts the cupcake box down on Maria’s desk. Maria gives her a long look, eyebrows raised, and opens the box. There’s a moment’s pause. “You bought me cupcakes?” Maria asks finally. “I know it’s not a gesture equal to ensuring my livelihood,” Darcy agrees, “but yeah, I did. I really appreciate what you did for me, so cupcakes.” Maria stares at the dozen red velvet cupcakes. “These are my favourite,” she says slowly, and pins a look of suspicion on Darcy. “How did you know?” “I have my sources,” Darcy says mysteriously, and Maria snorts. She looks back at the cupcakes again, and closes the box. “Thank you for the cupcakes,” she says. “If you ever sneak into an area you don’t have clearance to enter ever again, I’ll ensure full disciplinary measures are taken.” Maria’s eyes are warm, though, and Darcy suspects that this is more in the nature of a friendly warning than a threat. “Got it,” Darcy says, giving Maria a thumbs up. Maria smiles, then; a reluctant smile that slips free only for an instant, but a smile. It’s a nice smile. “I’ll just go, then,” Darcy says, sticking her hands in her pockets, and turning to leave. Maria’s voice stops her before she quite reaches the door. “Lewis?” “Yeah?” Darcy turns, looking back over her shoulder. Maria’s smile this time is a small thing, but given freely. “You’re welcome.” Chapter 2 : MCU/Doctor Who: Darcy Lewis as a past companion I tried to write this about two years ago, but never got it finished. I probably never will; now that Eleven's era has ended, I'm unlikely to get back into his characterisation, which I'd need to have a good grasp of to finish this. You know, I didn't like what they did with the show during his era a lot of the time, but I was surprisingly fond of Eleven. Darcy Lewis vanished during her first year of college. When she reappeared a month later, she had stopped dying her hair blonde, completely swapped her collection of ill-fitting jeans and black t-shirts for flattering, colourful ensembles, and had somehow, in the course of only a few weeks, acquired a poise and confidence that was even more attractive than the new wardrobe. She immediately ditched her dick of boyfriend, and changed her major twice, before settling on political science. Everyone just assumed that somehow Darcy had managed to find herself, during the time she was missing. After all, that was what college was for, right? Not just to deliver an education in the academic sense, but to teach young people about life in general. To be fair, they weren’t exactly wrong – Darcy had definitely found herself. It was just that it had taken a lot longer than a month. The Doctor was the strangest dude Darcy had ever met, and that was saying something, considering that some of the goth peeps she ran with were a little on the weirder side. But most of their weirdness was kind of on the surface, whereas the Doctor? Darcy was beginning to realize that his weirdness went deep. Not that it was a bad thing, Darcy mused. It was kind of nice, to know someone who saw things so differently, and felt glee at the smallest things – the sort of stuff that everyone else just thought was boring and normal. Besides – alien. It made sense that he was weird, right? “What do you think?” the Doctor beamed, presenting himself for appraisal. Well, it was definitely better than the fedora he’d been wearing a few days ago, and maybe if he got clonked on the head again his current headgear would stop him from being knocked unconscious, so Darcy wouldn’t have to drag his heavy ass under cover again. “The pith helmet is surprisingly you,” Darcy decided, “although I’m not sure it goes with the rest of the outfit.” The Doctor gave her a glance that was half-offended, half-reproachful. “Well, what would you know,” he said a little sulkily, “your hair clashes with your skin tone.” Darcy put a self-conscious hand to her head and glared, trying to disguise the fact that his words had hurt. “ Rude .” “Rude and not ginger, that’s me,” the Doctor agreed, and stared pensively at his reflection. “Maybe I should just wear the fez.” Are you kidding me? Darcy thought in horror. “Um. I don’t think you should,” she said meekly. Seriously, no . “Well, if you’re sure…” the Doctor gave her a big grin. “Pith helmet it is. Come along, Lewis! Adventure awaits!” He bounded from the wardrobe room, leaving Darcy to trail after him. Before she left, she had a quick glance at herself in the mirror. A nervous-looking girl with brassy blonde hair stared back. Her face fell. The Doctor was right. “LEWIS! I’m waiting! ” Darcy followed the sound of the Doctor’s voice, her head bowed unhappily. There were dinosaurs. Darcy totally would have liked to take the baby pterosaur home, maybe raise it as a pet or something, but the Doctor just said sternly, “No more pterosaurs on twenty-first century Earth!” and swaggered off in his stupid coat. Darcy sighed, but left the pterosaur behind. “What do you mean, ‘ no more pterosaurs?’ Like, there’s already pterosaurs in the twenty-first century? Where?” “Moving on!” the Doctor announced loudly, and then there was a big thing with lots of teeth and they had to run for their lives, and Darcy forgot to ask anything else about the pterosaur. “I’m sorry about what I said about your hair,” the Doctor murmured, two days later when they were sitting eating ice cream in an ice cream parlour in the future. “That wasn’t nice of me.” Darcy stared at her ice cream. It had glittery swirls, which the Doctor had sworn was a completely natural effect, due to the resonance of ice crystals with something-or-other that Darcy hadn’t understood at all. You were just telling the truth, Darcy wanted to say, but that hurt, so she ate a scoop of ice cream instead. The Doctor seemed to understand what Darcy meant, even though she hadn’t said anything. “We all do things, when we’re young.” His eyes had gone old and distant. “Getting the colour of your hair wrong isn’t so important, really. It really isn’t. Far worse things to get wrong, believe me. Besides, at some point, everyone dyes their hair the wrong colour, or chooses an awful coat, or wears a stupid hat. Although all my hats are perfectly cool, obviously. Anyway.” The Doctor patted her hand. His face was terribly kind. “You shouldn’t worry about your hair, is what I’m saying.” Darcy tried to pretend that his speech hadn’t made her expression all wobbly. “Stop acting like someone’s grandpa and eat your ice cream,” she mumbled. The Doctor grinned gently, and ate his ice cream with an enthusiasm that Darcy hadn’t seen in anyone over five years old. The first time that Darcy ever met River Song, she was about to be executed. Right before she and the Doctor had been dragged off to separate cells, the Doctor had yelled out something about ‘just a misunderstanding! Have it sorted out in a jiffy!’ that was completely un-reassuring, and Darcy suspected that actually the Doctor had gone and accidentally done something really offensive in the culture of whatever-it-was. He seemed to do that a lot. Anyway, Darcy was arguing with her captors in increasing panic as she was dragged off towards the Termination Room (c’mon, nothing good ever happened in a room with a name like that, Darcy could put two and two together) when there was the sound of a blaster going off and the two aliens escorting Darcy collapsed. Darcy looked around wide-eyed, to see a glamorous-looking blonde woman in a really nice dress holding a large blaster. “Hello,” the woman said brightly. “I don’t suppose you’ve seen a man with a blue box, has an unfortunate taste in hats, calls himself the Doctor?” “ Oh my god ,” Darcy blurted, because her mouth always ran away with her when she was nervous or frightened, “the hats are the worst, he’s the biggest dork, seriously.” The woman’s smile broadened. “Excellent. You’re clearly acquainted with him. I suppose he’s had another mishap with the locals, then? Well, he’s bound to be around here somewhere. Coming?” “You are my new hero,” Darcy told her fervently. Then she finished processing what the other woman had said. “Wait – ‘another?’ You mean he’s tangled with these people before?” “Oh, yes.” The woman looked amused. “They’ve had an execution order out for him for about, ooh, three centuries now. But it’s been a while, he must have forgotten.” “ Forgotten? ” Darcy echoed. “How do you forget that someone wants to execute you?” The woman sent Darcy a slightly pitying look. “If you had any idea how many enemies the Doctor has made, you wouldn’t ask that question. The Idrani are actually pretty far down the list.” “…I retract my question.” “Good girl.” The woman grinned. “I’m River Song.” “Darcy Lewis.” “It’s nice to meet you, Darcy Lewis–” there was the sound of heavy footsteps further up the hallway, “–but I think we should run!” They ran. They found the Doctor’s cell, eventually. River shot the lock. “Hello, sweetie!” she called cheerfully as the door swung open. The Doctor got to his feet, and grasped the lapels of his coat. “Ah, River, darling.” “Say what?” Darcy yelped, goggling. The Doctor ignored her. “I had everything under control, but thank you.” “Of course you did.” River was looking amused again. “Although you know how I feel about guns,” the Doctor added, frowning ponderously at her. “How many times have I said, I wish you wouldn’t do that?” “I never promised to obey you,” River shot back, with a flirtatious smile. “You must be thinking of a different wedding. How many of those have you had again?” “A terrible oversight on my part,” said the Doctor, and then, “and you know most of those were accidents, I don’t usually intend to get married, it just happens. I thought we were going to stop mentioning all my other marriages. They don’t count.” “ Other marriages?” Darcy squeaked. “Not now, Darcy,” the Doctor ordered. “You know, we should probably get out of here.” “That sounds like a plan, my love,” agreed River, and then – as usual – there was more running. It took maybe an hour to finally get back to the TARDIS. Darcy leant against the door and breathed. The Doctor started to head towards the console, but River beat him to it and started flipping switches and winding …things, so the Doctor wandered off and pretended that was what he’d meant to do in the first place. “So, you’re married?” Darcy asked, once she had her breath back. “You never told me that.” All this time they’d been travelling, and he’d never said he was married. She decided to ignore the thing about ‘other marriages’ for the sake of her own sanity. Totally not going there. The Doctor ignored her question, choosing to check the readings on the thingamajig instead. “Doctor?” “What?” The Doctor sounded grumpy. “Are you and River married?” Darcy asked again. River sent the two of them a long look. “That’s a rather personal question, Lewis,” the Doctor said stiffly. “ Doctor , seriously, come on, dude. Are. You. Married?” “Fine! Yes! I’m married! ” the Doctor shouted. “What does it matter? ” Darcy raised an eyebrow at River, who fortunately for the Doctor didn’t seem too offended. “Well, I happen to think it matters quite a bit, sweetie,” River remarked, raising her own eyebrow. The Doctor looked frustrated. “Well yes, of course it matters,” he conceded, sounding a little calmer, “but why does she need to know?” He rounded on Darcy, pointing an accusing finger. Darcy stared at it uncertainly, until the Doctor pulled his hand back, looking abashed. “It’s just, you know, humans tell each other that sort of thing,” Darcy explained lamely. “When they’re friends.” “Why?” the Doctor asked petulantly. Darcy shrugged, kind of sorry she’d brought the subject up in the first place. The last thing she wanted was to have the Doctor mad at her, but it hurt that he hadn’t told her something so important – married, Jesus , who didn’t tell their friends they’re married? “I don’t know.” Darcy tried to find the words to explain something that to her, was so basic it was almost beyond explanation. “Well, it’s a gesture of trust for a start, to tell someone something that important – if you don’t tell your friends you’re married, it either means you don’t trust your friends, or you’re ashamed of your wife.” “An excellent point,” said River thoughtfully. The Doctor winced slightly, like he wanted to protest. “Um,” he said, and then stopped, as though he didn’t seem to know what to say in defence of himself. “Carry on.” “And also, I guess… I guess it’s because for humans, pretty much the worst thing we can think of is going through life alone,” Darcy continued. “So, like, we set up our friends and try to find them a boyfriend or girlfriend, encourage them to go out with people, and when they get married we’re happy for them, because it means they’re alone. You know: life’s not just about the journey, it’s about who you share it with – that sort of thing.” Darcy shrugged again, feeling acutely self-conscious. The Doctor looked inscrutable for a moment, and Darcy wondered for a horrible second what she’d said wrong – but then the Doctor gave the slow smile that always made his eyes look so very old. “Humans.” The Doctor sounded incredibly fond. “Sometimes I almost forget what I love about you, but then you always remind me.” “Okay?” Darcy tried, glancing at River for some kind of clue how she was supposed to respond to that. But River was smiling too, tender and sort of sad, and Darcy had the feeling she was kind of missing something. “Um. What.” “Never mind.” The Doctor shook his head, and grinned. “Yes, River and I are married, yes, we are both very happy, and no, I’m not alone. Does that satisfy you, Darcy Lewis?” Actually, Darcy was dying to ask maybe a thousand questions, like how long had he been married and was River an alien too and how did she learn to shoot like that, but Darcy figured she’d pushed her luck enough already. “Yup. I’m good.” River didn’t stay with them all that long, but in the time she was aboard the TARDIS, Darcy learned a lot. Some of it was about how to use a weapon and think on your feet, which Darcy had already begun learning (on the TARDIS, you either learnt these things, or you left), but some it was a bit more personal than that. “Oh my God.” Darcy stared wide-eyed at her reflection. “That’s me .” “Mm-hmm.” River was grinning widely. “A little makeup to enhance your own natural charms, and an eye for cut and colour… and look at the difference it makes.” Darcy couldn’t do anything but look. Her hair hung in glossy brown waves around her face, while big, striking eyes stared back at her from the mirror, and her cherry-red lips were open in amazement. Meanwhile, Darcy’s boobs didn’t look like they were about to burst free from her dress, for once – somehow, the dress made them look proportionate to the rest of her, giving Darcy a figure that was more ‘hourglass’ than ‘two coconuts hanging from a palm tree.’ “A properly-fitted, supportive bra does more than you think,” River added, noticing the direction of Darcy’s incredulous gaze. She patted Darcy’s shoulder in a kind, vaguely motherly way. “Wow,” Darcy said, lost for words. “Can you – can you teach me?” She bit her lip, regretting the impulsive question, and waited nervously for River’s answer. River’s gaze turned inward as she considered the question. “I suppose I can give you a few pointers,” she finally decided, and the smile she gave Darcy was conspiratorial. “Every girl should know how to use her assets .” Darcy smiled gratefully, taken aback yet again by River’s casual generosity with her time and patience. “Now come on, we need to make sure the Doctor isn’t wearing one of his atrocious hats before we leave.” “I couldn’t agree more,” said Darcy. River gave Darcy another conspiratorial look. “I usually shoot them, of course, but if you don’t keep an eye on him he’ll wear something perfectly ridiculous." “He doesn’t really have the chin to pull off a lot of hats,” Darcy commiserated. River’s voice was long-suffering as she replied, “I know. ” Chapter 3 : MCU/The Wicked + the Divine: Counterpart So, this one is short, but was fun to write. I'd love to write a WicDiv AU fic with Luci in it, but I'd need to think of an appropriate scenario... Counterpart There are rules, is the thing. Sure, you can incarnate on Earth, but there are unbreakable conditions, always – rules that even the most powerful can’t get around. Not that she wants to, of course – she’s always respected the rules. And then – Twenty-five years of being human, that does something to you, doesn’t it? It’s hard not to question, not to disobey, even if it’s only in the little things. Darcy Lewis always walked tall, always stood up for what she believed in, but she was as full of human frailties as anyone else. And then, after twenty-five years, she was reminded of what she really was. It was a cold dose of reality, like half the ocean crashing over her, to be reminded of what she really was. She’d been Darcy Lewis for twenty-five years, alive and human; what was all of eternity next to that? She’d never incarnated before. She’d never realised that humanity was something that stuck, at least in the essentials. She had a poster of Lucifer stuck up on her bedroom wall. Not that it was a bad poster. It showed Luci to advantage and everything, dressed to kill in a fantastically-tailored white suit and with her usual charismatic smile: half benevolent angel, half wicked devil. She tore it down off her wall anyway. She isn’t sure quite what to do with herself, but when Luci’s arrested for psychokinetically blowing someone’s head off, she makes sure she gets a place in the courtroom, because something’s not right. Lucifer wouldn’t do something like that for the sake of cheap tricks. For real tricks, sure, but not cheap ones. Luci might not have much in the way of class, but she practically invented style. Anyway, she’s there at the courtroom when someone blows the judge’s head off, and sure, Luci seems like the obvious culprit – but she hasn’t seen Lucifer look that hilariously gobsmacked in practically forever, so she doubts its any of Luci’s doing. There’s a kid (just a teenager) not far from the dock as Amaterasu leans in to hear whatever Luci whispers to her; from the look on the girl’s face, she’s overheard whatever it was Luci said. She collars the girl in the hallway afterwards. “Hey, let me go!” says the girl, angry and indignant. “What do you want?” “Calm down,” she says. “I just want to know what you overheard.” “What’s it to you?” the girl asks, and go– – gosh Lucifer would like this one, she thinks, amused and a little dry. She pins the girl with a look, puts all of eternity into it, and watches the girl gasp. “Just tell me, okay?” The girl does. The girl’s plan was a simple one; she planned to speak to Luci’s lawyer, name-drop Ananke, see if she could get in to see Luci. It’s not a bad plan. She tags along, hangs behind as Laura talks to Luci. Luci’s smile is ironic when Laura tells her that she knows nothing about Ananke – that she only used the name to get a visit in. Laura asks who Ananke is, and Luci explains her own moment of revelation – of finding out that she was more than human. Something greater . She has to admit, Lucifer still spins a great story. Always was one of her big skills. “Cute story,” she says, moving forward from where she was hanging back. “And who are you?” Luci asks, looking bored, but her eyes are keen. She smiles wide, and her smile is smug and knowing. “Oh, you know, someone who just wanted to check in on how you were doing, locked away in your cell,” she says, with studied nonchalance. “Come on, you don’t recognise your own sister?” “ What? ” comes from Laura, but they both ignore her outburst. “I don’t have a sister,” Luci says, eyes narrowed. She shrugs, and leans against the partition. “Sure you do. Brothers, sisters… last I checked, you had about a million of them.” Lucifer’s eyes narrow further… and then blow wide. “ Michael ,” she says, and the word comes out sounding like a prayer and a curse, both at once. Michael smiles, bright and beautiful. “Hey there, Morningstar,” she says, and laughs as Lucifer swears a blue streak. Chapter 4 : Supernatural: Broken Grace snippets So I realise that I left the Grace-verse behind long ago, but I’d kind of like to resurrect it long enough to finish Broken Grace? There were a few things I wanted to do with the 3rd story, namely 1. Get Sam and Gabriel to the point where both were aware they liked each other 2. Have Michael and Gabriel and Raphael browbeat the Host into following his orders 3. Have Michael somehow trick Lucifer into falling back into the Cage. Aside from that, I have absolutely no idea where this fic was going. Is there anyone who’d like to make suggestions/collaborate with me on this? Snippets that I’ve written for Broken Grace are below. (Oh, and there's a fourth story in the series, now - I just posted it. Michael came downstairs very early the next morning to find, to his surprise, that someone else was already awake and in the kitchen. Sam was sitting there with a cup of coffee, and a candy bar on the table next to him. “Gabriel bring those?” Michael asked. “Yeah,” Sam answered blearily. Michael shook his head at his brothers and their elaborate courtship dance. “Why are you up so early?” Last night Michael had been forced to kick Lucifer out of Sam’s head again. He’d noticed the moment Lucifer tried to gain entry, though, so Sam had barely time to notice he was there before Michael had booted him out. Sam shrugged. “I don’t know, I just… I was worried about how everything’s going to go, I guess. I mean, we’ve explained it all to Bobby, but now we need to talk about plans and you need to become Commander of the Host again, and it’s a lot of stuff to think about, you know?” Michael snorted. “Oh, believe me, I know.” Suddenly from upstairs Michael heard a voice boom, “ Good morning, campers! ” He and Sam looked at each other. “Did that sound like Gabriel was yelling through a megaphone to you?” Sam asked, mirroring Michael’s own thoughts. “Yeah,” Michael agreed. “It kind of did.” They listened as there was angry yelling from Bobby, and a moment later Gabriel reappeared in the kitchen, looking almost abashed. He was still grinning, though. “So that was fun,” the archangel said brightly. “Your friend Bobby doesn’t like being woken up, does he?” Sam snorted. “Not with a megaphone, no.” “Anyway,” said Gabriel, settling himself in a chair, “what’s the plan for today, O fearless leader?” “Well,” said Michael thoughtfully, “I was planning on summoning Raphael after breakfast, and all three of us planning how to take back control of the Host. With the three of us together on this ‘no Apocalypse’ thing, it should work. By now it’s to everyone that the Apocalypse plan isn’t working like it should be, which if we’re lucky, means that the Host is starting to have doubts about it. If I’m right, that’ll make it easier to convince them all.” “Why you didn’t just man up and throw your weight around years ago, I don’t know,” Gabriel remarked. “Because I didn’t have the determination and conviction, back then,” said Michael. “Now? You bet your ass I do.” Castiel walked into the kitchen just then, followed by a grumpy looking Bobby. “Good morning,” Castiel greeted Michael, and brushed his wings against Michael’s affectionately. “Ugh, you two,” Gabriel complained. “Don’t you ever get tired of the sap?” “Shut up, Gabe,” Michael ordered, smiling his own greeting at Castiel. “What?” Sam asked, looking confused. “What are they doing?” “Rubbing their wings together,” Gabriel said. “The PDAs with these two are sickening.” “You’re just jealous,” Michael said cheerfully, skimming a wing over Gabriel’s head so that his hair stood on end. Sam swallowed a laugh, while Gabriel glared and tried to straighten his hair. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go find Raphael so that we can all prepare for what’s about to go down.” He flew out of there before anyone could say anything more. [scene break] When Michael returned with Raphael, it was to find everyone wearing the Team Free Will shirts. “I am not wearing one of those,” Raphael informed Gabriel. “See?” Sam burst out. “Now take them off, Gabriel!” “Aw, come on,” Gabriel whined, with what he thought was a winning grin. “Michael–” Michael snapped his own fingers, and the t-shirts were replaced by everyone’s normal attire. “Thank you,” Cas told him, looking grateful. “You’re no fun, Mikey,” Gabriel pouted. “And you’re a pain in the ass,” Michael returned. “Hey,” Sam said uncertainly, “I went to the store, so I got you some candy bars.” He offered them tentatively. Gabriel accepted them, beaming, like he’d been handed an Oscar instead of some cheap candy. “Thanks, Sammy,” he said, smiling warmly, his eyes alight. Sam reddened, but smiled back, a little shyly. “Idjits,” Bobby observed, shaking his head as he went past. Michael had to agree. This was getting irritating. He said so to Castiel, silently. Cas nodded. I know. They are both too insecure to make a declaration, and Sam is unaware of the intent behind Gabriel’s gestures. “Perhaps you should try a mating dance,” Castiel suggested solemnly. Oh God, Michael loved Cas, sometimes. Gabriel narrowed his eyes and stared hard at Castiel. “He’s fucking with me, isn’t he?” he asked Michael. “I am,” Cas agreed. “Still…” Gabriel looked suddenly thoughtful. “Do you supposed that would work?” “Oh, for – no , Gabriel. For love of God, do not attempt a mating dance. You’ll scar Sammy for life.” Gabriel would probably deck himself out like a Vegas showgirl or something. No one needed to see that. It was Michael’s job to protect his youngest brother, and this clearly counted. “It is more likely that he would be fascinated,” Castiel argued, weighing in on Gabriel’s side. “Dammit, there will be no mating dances!” Michael bellowed. Gabriel giggled, and then tried to look as though he’d made a more masculine sound. “Dude,” Michael said, amused. “He’s done everything except a frigging mating dance. And I’m sure he could come up with one of those if you wanted. He was discussing it with us earlier. Castiel was in favour, but I said no.” “Oh God. ” Sam buried his face in his hands, too mortified to maintain eye contact. I swear, Gabriel’s thought reached them clearly, if either of you walk in right now I’m going to shiv both your asses. Michael grinned at Cas. “About time.” In response Castiel simply stretched out one of his wings to – there was no other word for it, really – cuddle up against one of Michael’s larger ones in agreement. Michael’s smile turned soft, and he wrapped an arm around Castiel’s shoulders to draw him close, taking the other angel momentarily by surprise. “I am glad for their sakes,” Castiel breathed near Michael’s ear, settling into the archangel’s embrace. “It is nice to see that our brothers have found happiness as we have.” “Yeah,” Michael agreed easily. “Although it’s going to make things a little more awkward around humans, trying to explain how my brothers can be dating. It sounds weird and incestuous.” Chapter 5 : Iron Man/Girl Genius: Rhodey & Tony Rooming Together at MIT Last year I got this idea for a Girl Genius/Iron Man crossover that didn’t really go anywhere. College-age Rhodey and 16 year old Tony rooming at MIT. What’s not to like? If James had known that the genius Stark kid he was supposed to be rooming with was a Heterodyne, he’d have dropped out of MIT rather than so much as step into his dorm room. So maybe it was just as well that he didn’t work it out straight away. His first glimpse of Tony Stark was when he walked into their shared dorm room to see a skinny kid with black hair sticking up in all directions working on what looked to be some kind of robot. James being James, he cautiously asked the obvious question. “Is that a robot?” The kid looked up, giving James a wide, crazy grin, before leaping to his feet. “My future minion!” the kid announced grandly, eyes sparkling with maniacal glee. “I’m Tony Stark, genius!” “Uh-huh.” The kid lost a little of the manic look, and smiled, his expression downgrading from ‘kind of deranged’ to merely ‘mischievous.’ “No, really,” the kid added seriously. “I mean, there’s a lot of work to do before he’s anything like functional, but, you know, long-term project.” “Right,” said James, eyebrow raised. The kid’s manic grin was suddenly back. “Besides, I have to build myself a good coffee machine, first!” he said gleefully. James just shook his head and dumped his stuff on the free bed, wondering about the kid’s sanity. The thing was, James knew about the Heterodynes. Generations back his family had been loyal minions to one of the members of the insane family, and unbelievable stories had been passed down through the years, of mad scientists and engineers bent on charging full speed ahead into the realm of Things Man Was Not Meant To Know. But that was all they were to James, stories. It took a couple of weeks of sharing a room with Tony – because he was ‘Tony’ by then – before James started to twig. By that time Tony had built a bunch of weird things that he said didn’t possess the dignity necessary to be true robots (‘clanks,’ he called them, and James frowned, the word ringing a faint bell in his memory somewhere), an electronic alarm clock that played AC/DC music, and a coffee machine. Dear God, the coffee machine. James came back from classes one day to find Tony with that wild-eyed look he got after a couple of nights without sleep, and half their dorm room being taken up by a gleaming metal monstrosity. “What–” he tried, and couldn’t find the words. (He wasn’t as used to Tony’s antics, back then: they were still a source of shock and horror to him.) James groped for his vocabulary, and made another effort. “Tony, what–” He gestured at the machine helplessly. “That, my friend, is the best coffee machine of all time!” Tony proclaimed, and paused dramatically. James was pretty sure that in Tony’s head, there was an impressive fanfare to accompany that declaration. James, still grappling with the fact that this was actually real, noticed something he’d never seen before: a necklace hanging around Tony’s neck, a small golden locket shaped like a trilobite. It took a moment for things to click, but then… “Tony…” James asked carefully, with dread curling along his spine, “is that… is that the Heterodyne family crest?” Tony blinked, followed James’ gaze to the necklace, and beamed bashfully. “Uh, yeah,” he admitted sheepishly. “It’s uh – well, my grandma left it to me. My mom said she thought I was old enough to have it.” Tony played with the locket fondly, apparently unaware that he was leaving a thin layer of grease on it. James kept telling him he needed to wash his damn hands when he finished working on a project, but so far it wasn’t getting through. “My grandma was one of the few Heterodynes to survive the bombing of Mechanicsburg in WWI,” Tony continued. “After the war she moved to America. She died just after I was born, though.” James carefully kept his feelings of panic from showing on his face. As far as the world knew, none of the Heterodyne family had survived. The head of house Heterodyne had taken WWI as an excuse to attempt to take over the world himself, and pretty much everyone else had simultaneously decided to attack him out of a desperate sense of self-preservation. Basically all that had been left of Mechanicsburg was a smoking crater to show where the town had once been. “You won’t tell anyone, right?” Tony asked breezily, but his eyes were suddenly sharp and shrewd. “Nah,” James found himself saying. “It’s cool, man. I won’t tell.” Tony grinned, and the sharpness in his eyes vanished. “Rhodey my friend, how do you feel about a cup of perfectly-brewed, steaming-hot cup of coffee?” James had to admit, it sounded pretty good. Chapter 6 : MCU/Clarissa Explains It All: Clarissa as a PR person for the Avengers So I started this, as a crossover between The Avengers and Clarissa Explains It All with a grown-up Clarissa, but then realised that I wasn’t sure where to take it after this one scene. Hey, does anyone have any grown-up Clarissa prompts at all? Any 'verse, just grown-up Clarissa in there somewhere. Any MCU Darcy-centric Christmas prompts are welcome, too, because it's getting to that time of year. You can post them here, or on my tumblr at this post . One week after the Chitauri invasion, Tony found himself being introduced by Pepper to an attractive blonde in her mid-thirties. “Tony, this is the Avengers new head of PR, Clarissa Darling.” Tony opened his mouth, but Clarissa said quickly, “Please, no jokes. I got enough of those in high school.” “If you say so, Darling,” said Tony, with a straight face. Pepper sent him a disapproving look, while Clarissa tried to hide her grimace. “It’s nice to meet you, Mr Stark,” she said with an insincere smile. “I’m sure it will be a pleasure working with you.” Yeah right, her slightly pained expression seemed to say. “Okay,” said Tony, deciding to leave the jokes alone for now. Plenty of time for those later. “So tell me, Ms Darling, why the Avengers need a PR division.” Pepper said “ Tony ,” because they’d talked about this in great detail already, but Clarissa looked unfazed. “Please, call me Clarissa,” she said. “And you need a PR division for the Avengers, Mr Stark, because while you might be riding high on the wave of popularity right now, every wave breaks sooner or later. Eventually there’s going to be people asking why you didn’t do more, or why you didn’t succeed in stopping Loki before he managed to open the portal. After all, if you were capable of stopping the invasion in the first place, then you could have done it earlier, right? The job of the PR division is to make sure the tide doesn’t turn against you once people start looking at the facts a little more closely, to extend the ocean metaphor a little further. People will be looking for someone to blame, and we don’t want that someone to be the Avengers team.” Tony raised an eyebrow. “You’ve thought this through.” “Let’s just say I took a personal interest in the Avengers, along with the rest of New York,” said Clarissa. “I spent the invasion huddled in a diner kitchen next to somebody’s grandma and a guy with a talent for throwing knives until the Avengers dealt with the aliens outside. The first thing I did after the invasion was start looking at the Avengers from a PR standpoint. I already had some material prepared when Ms Potts hired me.” Tony looked at Pepper. Pepper looked pleased, and he knew that they were in agreement about the new hire. “So what do you think we should do next?” he asked curiously. Clarissa looked determined. “Ms Potts briefed me about the missile the WSC tried to nuke New York with,” she said. “We need to get hold of some kind of evidence of what they did – audio recordings, memos, I don’t care, but we need something to release to the public.” Tony smiled. “That,” he said, “should be doable.” Chapter 7 : MCU: Darcy is Howard Stark's illegitimate daughter Notes: I really like this idea, but I have no idea what to do with it. Basically Tony and Darcy bond over being secret siblings, and everyone else thinks they're having an affair or something? (Except Pepper, obviously, who finds the whole thing entertaining.) ETA: This is now a fic! Find it at http://archiveofourown.org/works/3709507 Darcy hadn’t been living in Stark Tower for very long before she met Tony Stark. “Who are you and why are you in my kitchen?” asked a bemused voice, and Darcy looked up from her bowl of cereal to see Tony Stark standing looking rumpled in a rock band tee and an old pair of jeans, staring at her. “Because JARVIS said the coffee on this floor was better, and anyway, Thor and Jane have been getting it on and no offence, but that entire floor could use some better soundproofing,” Darcy replied. “And I’m Darcy Lewis, Jane Foster’s assistant.” “Really?” Tony asked. “How loud could they possibly – wait, did you say Darcy Lewis? ” He looked suddenly pale. “Yup,” Darcy agreed, and watched as Tony looked hilariously, unbearably awkward. “Darcy Lewis, as in…” Tony trailed off, like he couldn’t quite say it. “Howard Stark’s illegitimate child?” Darcy suggested, taking pity on him. “That would be me.” Tony just stared at her for a long moment, looking faintly terrified. “Hi,” Darcy said, and gave a small wave. “You’re my half-sister,” said Tony. “Dear God.” “I know, right?” Darcy agreed. “You’re like seventeen years older than me. It’s awkward.” “So awkward,” Tony agreed, looking faintly relieved that they were at least on the same page. “So, uh, I know Dad settled a heap of money on you–” “On the condition that I didn’t try and snake Stark Industries out from under you when he died,” Darcy finished for him. “Which worked out okay for me, since the money was enough to put me through college, yay. I mean, it kind of sucks that he died when I was only a baby, but you know, I get the feeling he wouldn’t exactly have been a big presence in my life anyway.” “You have no idea,” said Tony. “Out of curiosity, where did you go to college?” “Culver,” said Darcy. “I majored in political science. Don’t get me wrong, I’m good with tech – MIT was one of the colleges that accepted me – but I realised that it wasn’t what I wanted to do with my life. I changed my major three times before I realised I wanted to do poli-sci.” “You turned down MIT for political science?” Tony looked weirdly gleeful. “Dad must have been rolling in his grave.” Darcy eyed him. “You know, I heard that you and Howard didn’t get on, and you’re really not dispelling that impression.” “Dad wasn’t exactly – how do I put this? – a good father,” said Tony. “His parenting skills left me with a lot of issues.” “Fair enough,” Darcy said with a shrug. “My Mom wasn’t the best parent, either, so I know those feels.” “So,” said Tony, deftly changing the subject. “Now you’re an assistant to an astrophysicist? How does that work? I mean, as a political science major.” “Well, you’ve got to understand that until the aliens showed up, everyone thought Jane’s wormhole theories were crazypants,” Darcy explained. “When she advertised for an intern, everyone wanted an internship with someone a little more reputable. So when I came along needing six science credits for my degree, Jane was desperate enough that she offered me the internship on the spot. Thus, how I ended up in New Mexico when Thor fell out of the sky.” “Wait, you were there for that?” Tony asked, looking interested. “There? I was the one who worked out he was at the centre of the weird-ass electrical storm,” Darcy declared. “Until then Jane just thought he was some crazy cut guy who happened to be wandering around in the desert.” “Crazy cut guy?” Tony repeated. “Yeah, he was sort of disoriented and yelling a lot, and we thought it was because Jane hit him with the van, but he definitely didn’t sound like a normal person, yelling at the sky for Heimdall to open the Bifrost,” Darcy said. “And then he started yelling at us , asking us really weird questions, coming across as totally bananas. He looked like he was about to punch Erik or something, so I tazed him.” “You tazed him?” Tony asked incredulously. “You tazed the God of Thunder? ” “To be fair, he didn’t exactly have his powers at the time,” said Darcy. “Also, he was freaking me out, seriously.” “You,” said Tony, “are something else. How did I not know you until now? Clearly, this was a mistake.” “I am pretty awesome,” Darcy agreed. “Are we bonding? I feel like we’re bonding,” Tony said. Darcy considered this, looking thoughtfully down at her cereal, which was looking distinctly soggy. She wondered if it would be rude to ask Tony to leave her alone so she could finish her breakfast in peace. Darcy really wasn’t a morning person. It was too early for bonding session with her half-brother, even if she’d always kind of wanted to meet him. “Maybe,” she said, and ate another spoonful of cereal. Chapter 8 : Jurassic World/His Dark Materials fusion: Blue is Owen's daemon Notes: This snippet takes place while Owen is still in the military. Cool idea, but I had no plot and no familiarity with the American military, so the idea couldn't really go anywhere. If anyone else wants to take it up feel free. A lot of people who went into the military had more fearsome daemons than most people – eagles, wolves, big cats like lions and tigers, komodo dragons and the like – but when Owen walked in with Blue behind him there was instant silence. “Holy crap,” someone breathed. Blue looked at the frozen men and tilted her head, letting out a slight snort. Then she threw her head back and let out a loud bellow. Several men started back at the sound, swearing in shock. Owen laughed, and rubbed Blue’s jaw. She chittered, looking pleased with herself. “Hey, guys,” Owen said, keeping his posture relaxed and casual, even as Blue looked them all over with a predatory look. “I guess we’re going to be serving together.” “Shit, man,” one of the guys said respectfully, “you seriously have a dinosaur for a daemon? I didn’t think that was possible!” “No one did, until Blue settled,” Owen agreed. “But she’s been a dinosaur since I was twelve. Some palaeontologist came to see me when I was fifteen, said she’s probably either an oversized velociraptor or a deinonychus based on her resemblance to the fossils he’d looked at.” “Shit,” the guy said again, admiringly. “I’m impressed. Davidson,” he added, offering a hand. Owen grinned, and shook hands, noting the other guy’s firm grip. “Grady,” he said, “and this is Blue.” He tilted his head in her direction. “This is my girl Andromeda,” said Davidson, as a tiger warily slunk up to the group, keeping a close eye on Blue. “Hey,” said Andromeda. Blue let out a small trill of greeting, forgoing words. “Doesn’t she talk?” Andromeda asked Davidson, who glanced at Owen. “Sometimes,” Owen said with a shrug. “Not often. But I talk enough for the both of us. Don’t I, girl?” he asked Blue, who snorted in agreement and butted Owen’s shoulder with her snout. “Something tells me you’re not a man to be messed with,” Davidson said. “Neither are you,” Owen said, raising his eyebrows and glancing at Andromeda. “Yeah, but a dinosaur daemon? That’s a whole other level,” said Davidson. “Really taking it up to eleven.” Owen just grinned in amusement. He didn’t know about the other guys, but he had a feeling that he and Davidson were going to get along just fine. Chapter 9 : Lilo & Stitch/Young Wizards:Lilo is a wizard Notes: ETA: This is now a completed fic! Lilo found the book at the sale that the library was holding to get rid of old books that had been withdrawn from the library’s collection. “So – You – Want – To – Be – A – Wiz – ard,” Lilo read aloud, sounding out the syllables. She looked at Stitch. “What do you think?” Stitch shrugged. Lilo found Nani over by the romance novels, and tugged on her pant leg to get her attention. “Can I get it?” Lilo held up the book. “It’s only a dollar.” Nani read the title. “A wizard, huh?” She looked at how thick the book was. “Are you sure that book isn’t a little too old for you?” Lilo looked offended. “It has pictures! And I can read , you know.” “Alright then,” said Nani, and bought the book. The book itself was old, with a cloth-bound cover, and with faded gold lettering on the spine. Lilo didn’t understand a lot of what it said, even when she read through the difficult bits two or three times. But there was one bit, all by itself on the page, that was written out like a promise – in Life’s name and for Life’s sake – and Lilo knew, instinctively, that it was important. She read it out loudly and painstakingly, and Stitch was carefully still the entire time, and when the last syllable faded away, he twitched one ear and stared at her. Nothing much seemed to have happened, but Lilo was struck by the impression that something had changed, something terribly important. “I think it worked,” Lilo said after a while, into the silence. “What worked?” asked Stitch warily. “I don’t know,” said Lilo after a moment’s deliberation, “but I can’t wait to find out.” After that the Manual wasn’t so hard to read; it used simple language that Lilo found easier to understand, and had instructions which Lilo was careful to follow. It was a good thing that Lilo was so far ahead of her class in math, and had Stitch to double-check her calculations for her, because she never would have been able to do the spells, otherwise. “Stitch, I’m a wizard!” Lilo said in delighted wonder, the first time she succeeded with a spell. Stitch only watched in wide-eyed curiosity as the injured fish Lilo had been helping swam away with the full use of all its limbs. “Cool,” Stitch said finally, and Lilo knew that they were on the same page. Behaving like a wizard was hard, though. No the spells and everything – although those weren’t exactly easy – but dealing with other people. Lilo hadn’t bitten anyone in months, but sometimes she got so angry , rage and frustration and helplessness welling up inside her until Lilo wanted to scream and scream and scream. Lilo’s old friends still didn’t want to play with her, and Mertle always said the meanest things, and some days Lilo came home from school wanting to tear the world apart. “And I can’t even bite her, because wizards aren’t supposed to do that,” Lilo told Stitch. She took her wizardly responsibilities seriously. Stitch handed her a pillow, where she was lying flopped-down on her bed in anger and frustration. “Bite this,” he advised. “Not Mertle.” Lilo eyed the pillow thoughtfully, and did as he suggested. It wasn’t the same as biting a person, but it definitely helped. “Is this like when you build models of San Francisco and then destroy them?” Lilo asked. Stitch nodded, looking pleased that she understood. “Ih.” “Okay, said Lilo, and went back to biting the pillow. “Lilo, what are you doing?” Nani asked, when she came to tell them that dinner was ready. “Substitution therapy,” said Stitch. “Substitution therapy?” Nani repeated, one eyebrow raised. “I’m biting a pillow instead of Mertle,” Lilo explained. “Because wizards don’t bite people. Or hit them.” “Or punch in the face,” Stitch added. “Right,” said Nani slowly. “Well, good, if it means you’re not going to hurt anybody, I guess. What’s with the wizard stuff?” “It was in the book you bought me at the library sale,” said Lilo. “Remember? And I took the Oath, so now I’m a wizard.” Nani looked indulgent. “Okay,” she said. “Well, young wizard, dinner is ready, so wash your hands and come downstairs.” “I don’t think she believes me,” Lilo confided to Stitch, as soon as Nani was gone. Stitch only shrugged. “Eh, grown-ups,” he said, and Lilo knew exactly what he meant. “So,” said Jumba after dinner, “Nani tells me you’re a wizard, eh?” “I am,” Lilo confirmed proudly. Jumba chuckled. “Ha! Been on Ordeal yet?” “What’s Ordeal?” Lilo wondered. Stitch just listened in to the conversation, his ears cocked just-so. “I’ll take that as a no,” said Jumba. “An Ordeal, for a wizard, is when you face down the Power which gave us death and entropy. Most wizards do it at some point.” Lilo knew that Jumba was talking about the Lone Power. She’d read all about It. “I have to face It?” she exclaimed. “Maybe it won’t be so bad,” said Jumba. “Hey, when you meet It, I have some questions–” “No,” said Stitch. “It’s only a few questions!” Jumba protested. “No!” Stitch said a second time, and snapped something at Jumba in his own language. “Oh, fine,” said Jumba, looking disappointed. “You win.” Stitch said something irritated, and then looked to Lilo in concern. “You be okay,” he said, nudging her. “Stitch be there too.” “Promise?” Lilo asked in a small voice, because the thought of facing down the Lone Power all by herself frightened her. “Promise,” Stitch confirmed, giving her a hug. Lilo hugged him back, feeling comforted. With Stitch, Lilo could manage anything , she was pretty sure. Even facing down That Power, if it came to it. Chapter 10 : Thor: Loki falls from the Bifrost & lands in New Mexico Notes: I wasn't sure where to take this, after writing the beginning... Loki regained consciousness slowly, bit by bit. At first, Loki had no idea why she was lying on hard, dusty ground, or why everything was so still and silent. But eventually events came back to her, and she remembered Odin’s face, so disappointed and unforgiving – And she remembered the moment, so full of wretched misery and self-loathing, when she had simply decided to let go . She had fallen from the Bifrost, and fallen for a very long time, until… Loki didn’t know. There was a blank space, an eternity of nothingness inside her head, and Loki suspected that however long she had fallen for, she hadn’t spent all of it sane. But now, here she was, her long fall over, and she had no idea where she was – only that it was cold, and it was dark. Her entire body ached, and hunger gnawed at the pit of her stomach. If she didn’t get up, and go in search of shelter and food, Loki knew that she would die. Loki didn’t move, because that thought was a tempting one. For a long while she lay where she had fallen, wondering how long it would take her to die. But the gnawing at the pit of her stomach grew worse, and worse still, until finally Loki couldn’t stand it any longer. She opened her eyes, and pushed herself up off the ground, with muscles that trembled from the exertion as she climbed to her feet. Only then did she realise that at some point, when she’d switched from he to she inside her head, her body had followed suit – even in her malnourished state, her body had feminine curves that felt exactly right . Loki stared down at herself, and wondered how out of it she had been, to switch her body’s sex when her gender had changed. She hadn’t been in female form for years – not since she was a child. Frigga had happily accepted Loki running around the palace as a little girl instead of a little boy, but Odin… he’d made it clear that shifting shape into female form wasn’t acceptable. Once Loki had heard the whispers around court, she’d understood – men were supposed to be men , not women – ever . You were one or the other, male or female, and that was something you stayed. So after that, even when Loki felt like a woman inside her head, she remained in male form, even though her body felt strange and uncomfortable to do it. Pretending she was a man all of the time was better than hearing the things the rest of the court said about her, when they thought she wasn’t within hearing distance. Or so Loki had thought. Now, staring down at her own body, barely visible in the moonlight, Loki laughed, terrible and despairing. What did it matter if she was a woman some of the time? She wasn’t even Aesir – she was Jotun, one of the fierce, savage, barbaric creatures that peopled Jotunheim. All this time, Loki had thought that there must be something wrong with her, to switch from male to female and back again – and she had been right . Loki was monstrous, and terrible, a thing of children’s nightmares – and she hadn’t even known it. Loki could change back to male form, even though she still felt like a woman, but what would be the point? No one on Asgard was around to see her now, just as tall and thin as in her male form, but otherwise quite a different shape. What was the point of maintaining Asgardian standards when she wasn’t Aesir, and could never go back to Asgard? Besides which, it was probably safer to remain in female form, for the moment – Loki had earned a reputation across the other realms, and the physical description of her masculine form was well-known. No one would expect her to be female – and hopefully, wherever Loki had ended up, she could simply blend into the populace, without anyone recognising her. With a long, despairing sigh, Loki ended her inspection of her current form, and looked around at her surroundings. Dust and dirt stretched in all directions. It was night, wherever Loki was, the stars bright in the sky, in constellations that she was unfamiliar with. And that was a bad sign, because Loki knew all the constellations of the other realms – well, except for one. If Loki had fallen to Midgard, then surely the fates had a vicious sense of humour indeed, to strand her in the same realm Thor had been banished to – the same realm that Loki had attacked. Hoping that this wasn’t the case, but having little hope in the mercy of the fates, Loki began walking. There was light in the far distance, and where there was light, there was most likely settlement. Loki had no idea what she would do when she got there, but she could work that out once she arrived – possibly there would be some soft-hearted fool willing to share a meal with her. And if not, well, Loki hadn’t gotten this far without learning how to trick people out of what they wouldn’t give willingly. So Loki walked, her feet dragging in the dirt. As she did, she cast an illusion, hiding her armour, and making it appear that she was wearing native Midgardian clothing – a green shirt and jeans, like the ones Loki had seen the women of Midgard wearing on her last illicit visit to the planet. Loki staggered and almost fell as the illusion took most of her remaining strength, but grimly forced herself to go on. There was light on the horizon when Loki reached the edge of the small town. As Loki walked along the main street, dusty and exhausted, she nonetheless noticed the signs of devastation, as though something huge had gouged out the side of buildings, directing gouts of fire here and there, and upending the metal vehicles Midgardians used for travel. Loki recognised the damage for what it was. Oh, the irony – of all the places in Midgard where Loki could have ended up, she’d arrived in the same small town she’d attacked with the Destroyer! Loki would have laughed, but she didn’t have the energy. She concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other, and tried not to give in to the darkness hovering at the edges of her vision. But Loki was too exhausted and too hungry, and couldn’t keep the darkness at bay. Her last thought as her vision faded was a hope that this realm would treat her more kindly than her last one had. It was the ass-crack of dawn, and yet Jane was already up, eager to further her research. Darcy had thought that Jane was obsessed before , and yet her previous enthusiasm was nothing compared to what she was like now. There was a gleam in Jane’s eye that hadn’t been there before, a kind of inner fire that kept burning even when Jane should have been passing out from sleep deprivation. Honestly, Darcy wasn’t sure which prospect had Jane more excited: proving that she was right about the astronomical phenomena everyone had laughed at her for, or the thought of being able to see Thor again. Not that it really mattered: Darcy just hoped that sooner or later, Jane’s current super-obsessed state would subside into something more moderate. “I’m going to the diner to get breakfast and coffee,” Darcy mumbled, yawning as she stumbled from the trailer in Jane’s wake, as Jane went striding for their makeshift lab. Despite the early hour, the diner would be open for breakfast and coffee, which Darcy desperately needed. “Uh-huh,” Jane said absently over her shoulder, her mind lost in thoughts of Science. Shaking her head, Darcy yawned again, pulled her jacket closer against the early-morning cold, and headed for the diner. Halfway there she stopped, because there was something lying on the road that, from here, looked suspiciously humanoid. Darcy approached cautiously, wondering if there was really someone lying in the middle of the street, or if her eyes were playing tricks on her. But no; as Darcy drew closer, she saw that there in the middle of the road, completely unconscious from the look of her, was a woman in a green dress, her long dark hair spread out on the road around her. It was a miracle none of the truckers who passed through town in the early hours of the morning had run over her. Darcy ran forwards, and dropped to her knees next to the woman, checking her breathing and pulse. Both her pulse and her breathing seemed regular enough, but the woman was awfully pale, and this close Darcy was able to see that she was thin and gaunt, as though she hadn’t eaten a decent meal in quite some time. “Hey, hey, wake up.” Darcy shook the woman’s shoulder gently, and then a little harder when nothing happened. “Hey!” Darcy said, more loudly. “You need to wake up, lady!” The loud voice did the trick. The woman’s eyelids fluttered, and a moment later Darcy was looking into the greenest eyes she’d ever seen. The woman stared up at Darcy, looking disoriented. “Hey,” said Darcy. “Are you okay?” The woman licked her lips, and croaked out, “ Food ,” in such a longing voice that Darcy knew she was right about the not-having-eaten-a-decent-meal-for-a-while thing. “Come on, up you get,” said Darcy, helping the woman up. The woman’s arms were painfully thin where Darcy was holding onto them, and she was shaking with the effort of getting to her feet. “You can’t stay here – you’re in the middle of the street, you’re lucky no one ran over you with their truck. There’s a diner not far from here. You got any money?” Darcy asked, aware that the answer was probably no. Sure enough, Mystery Woman shook her head. Now that she was conscious, she looked like life had really worked her over. Besides the thin and gaunt thing, her eyes held a tragic, haunted look, and Darcy suspected that whatever had happened to her, it hadn’t been good. “That’s okay,” Darcy said, in a soothing voice. “I’ll buy you breakfast, and you can tell me how you came to be passed out in the middle of the street. Or not,” Darcy added hastily, when a look of panic came into Mystery Woman’s face. “Not is okay, too. Seriously, you don’t have to tell me anything, if you don’t want to. Breakfast is still on me. Okay?” For a long moment Mystery Woman stared at her. Darcy tried to look honest and reassuring. It must have worked, because Mystery Woman swallowed, and blinked in a way that suggested she was struggling not to cry. “Come on,” Darcy said again. “The diner’s this way.” She kept a hand on Mystery Woman’s elbow all the way to the diner, because Mystery Woman was still shaking and unsteady on her feet. “Here, sit down,” said Darcy, ushering her into a booth. Mystery Woman sat, and slumped back against the seat, her eyes closing. “I’ll be back in just a minute, I’m just going to order us some food.” When Darcy turned around the diner owner, Isabella, was watching the two of them. “Hey, Izzy,” Darcy greeted her. “I’ll have the bacon and eggs, and um, my new friend will be having a stack of pancakes.” Those shouldn’t be too hard to Mystery Woman’s stomach, Darcy figured. “Where’d you pick her up?” Isabella asked, still eyeing Mystery Woman with a mixture of curiosity and mistrust that she seemed to reserve for all newcomers. “I haven’t seen her around before.” “Really?” Darcy asked, surprised. “I figured she was a local. She was just passed out in the street where anyone could have run over her.” Isabella gave a sniff of disdain, and Darcy added, “She was passed out from hunger, I think – she’s skinny as anything, I don’t think she’s eaten a good meal for a while.” “Hmm. Well, she’s not from around here,” said Isabella, still full of suspicion as she accepted payment from Darcy, and bustled off to give the cook Darcy’s order. Darcy walked back to the booth, and sat opposite Mystery Woman, who was still slumped against the back of the seat, with her eyes closed. Here in the bright lights of the diner, Darcy could see the layer of desert dust covering her new acquaintance. “Were you out in the desert?” Darcy wondered. “That’s a lot of dust you’re carrying around with you.” There was no response to this. “What’s your name, anyway?” Darcy asked. “I’m Darcy, Darcy Lewis.” Mystery Woman opened her eyes at that. Under the bright lights, her eyes looked greener than ever. She opened her mouth as though to speak, coughed, and swallowed a few times before she spoke. “Lacey Green. But please, call me Lacey.” Darcy’s eyebrows rose in surprise, as this time she noticed the cultured accent. It sounded British , of all things. “Are you British?” Darcy asked. Lacey hesitated, before shaking her head. “Scandinavian,” she said softly. “Wow, are you far from home,” Darcy commented. “How’d you get here?” But Lacey only shook her head, her lips pressed firmly together, her eyes looking even more haunted than before. Darcy waited, and finally Lacey said, haltingly, “I was… not welcome, in my home. I thought… but it doesn’t matter.” She stared at the booth tabletop, and Darcy was pretty sure that was a tear she saw dropping to the table’s surface. “Oh, honey, are you okay?” Darcy asked, and Lacey shook her head. “I am not. I have no home, no money, nowhere to go. I am, in a word, desperate.” She pressed her lips firmly together again, and Darcy was like, ninety-five percent sure it was to hold back a sob. Darcy sat back in her seat, unsure of what to say next. The silence stretched out, as Darcy wondered what to say, and the woman sitting opposite her struggled to hold herself together. Isabella came out from the kitchen, and dumped a plate of bacon and eggs in front of Darcy and a plate of pancakes in front of Lacey. Darcy had never seen a human being’s face look as Lacey’s did as she saw the stack of pancakes, and kind of hoped she never did again. Hands trembling, Lacey picked up her knife and fork, and proceeded to wolf down the pancakes faster than Darcy had ever seen anyone manage with a knife and fork. Lacey never once forgot her table manners, but the way she ate spoke of starvation. “Hey, slow down,” said Darcy. Lacey ignored her. “No, really, you don’t want to make yourself sick do you? There’s no point in eating if you’re just going to sick it all up again, right?” “I don’t care ,” said Lacey, slow and savage, and so Darcy put her hands up in surrender and watched as the pancakes were thoroughly demolished. Darcy began eating her own breakfast, and continued eating even as Lacey finished her pancakes and eyed Darcy’s bacon and eggs hungrily. When she was done, Darcy ordered herself a coffee to-go, and eyed Lacey. “So, I should probably go and start work, being an intern and all,” Darcy said. “I work with this astrophysicist, who’s gone temporarily crazy, I think. I don’t suppose you know anything about wormholes and stuff, do you?” Darcy knew that it was unlikely, but what the hell, she might as well ask. Lacey went very still, and finally said, “Perhaps,” in a wary voice. Darcy blinked. “Wait, seriously?” Lacey nodded. “That’s great! You should come and discuss science with my boss, then,” said Darcy. “I mean, it’s not like you have anywhere else to go, right?” Lacey hesitated, but nodded. Darcy took a sip of her coffee, and nodded resolutely. “Come on, then, I’ll introduce you.” To her surprise, Lacey didn’t argue, but followed Darcy obediently back to the lab in wobbly steps. “Jane!” Darcy announced as she entered the lab. “New playmate for you!” “What?” Jane asked, without looking up from her research. She didn’t sound like she was really paying Darcy any attention. “ Jane ,” Darcy said, and waited pointedly. Jane glanced up, and her eyes landed on Lacey. Jane blinked. “Darcy, who’s this, and why is she in the lab?” “This is Lacey, and apparently she knows astrophysics!” said Darcy. “I found her passed out in the main street, so I brought her back with me.” Jane stared at Lacey. Lacey stared warily back. “Okay,” Jane said slowly. “You found a strange woman passed out in the centre of the street, in a tiny town like Puente Antiguo, and she just happens to know astrophysics?” “A little,” said Lacey, her spine stiffening at the clear scepticism in Jane’s voice. “My father taught me.” A second later her expression shuttered, and she looked as though she regretted saying even that much. “Oh,” said Jane, and looked at Darcy. Jane’s face said clearly, Why did you bring her here? Darcy shrugged, and tried to convey She needed help, and hey, she knows astrophysics! through expression alone. She wasn’t sure it was working. Jane frowned, and looked back at Lacey. “Why are you here?” Jane asked bluntly. Lacey hesitated, but finally said, “I have nowhere else to go.” The admission clearly cost her a lot to make. “Look,” said Jane, not unkindly, “I’m not sure why Darcy thought I could help you, but –” “Wormholes,” Lacey interrupted. “That is what you are studying, yes?” “Well, yes,” said Jane, looking a little surprised. “I know a great deal about wormholes, and folding space,” Lacey continued. “Darcy was kind of enough to buy me breakfast. Perhaps I can repay her kindness by assisting you both with your research.” Lacey managed to summon up a toothy smile, even though behind it, all Darcy could see was desperation. Jane hesitated. Darcy met her eyes from behind Lacey, and mouthed, Give her a chance, boss-lady. And because Jane might be absent-minded sometimes, but never unkind, she gave in. “Fine,” said Jane. “I suppose you can’t be any less help than Darcy.” “Excuse me, I am plenty helpful!” Darcy said, insulted. “I only meant that you don’t understand astrophysics. Darcy is a poli-sci student,” Jane added to Lacey. “Which means that she only has a limited grasp of the science behind this project. But she was the only applicant for the internship, so…” “Here I am, assisting with science,” Darcy said cheerfully. “If you could look through these, and search for any anomalies, that would be great,” said Jane, shoving a handful of printouts at Lacey. “I shall do my best,” Lacey said, and carefully took a seat on the nearest chair, straightening the printouts into an orderly pile before looking at the top one. She studied it for a moment, went, “Ah, I see ,” and stared at it for a few more seconds before moving onto the next printout. Darcy sipped at her coffee, and began sorting through her own pile of printouts. It was about an hour later that Loki worked out what it was the mortal woman was trying to build. “Bifrost,” she murmured, out of sheer shock. She never would have dreamed that the mortals had advanced enough for such a thing, with their primitive machines, but the evidence was right in front of her. Yes, Jane’s understanding of the Bifrost’s underlying mechanics were incomplete… but she was undeniably on the right track. Loki’s exclamation hadn’t been loud, but Jane looked up sharply, as did Darcy. “I’m sorry, but did you say ‘Bifrost?’” Jane asked, her eyes sharp with sudden suspicion, and Loki couldn’t help it – she flinched back. “You know about the Bifrost?” Darcy demanded. “How?” Loki wet her lips, wondering what to say. From the determined expressions in front of her, saying nothing was not an option, and although Loki could probably find an evasive answer, a way to say something without saying anything… she wondered, quite suddenly: what was the point? “I’m not really from Scandanavia,” she said abruptly. “I lied.” And then she laughed to herself a little, short and bitter, because she had been lying for so long and to so many people, and always thought that she alone knew the truth… and yet, it turned out that she was the one who had been lied to, more than anyone. Her very existence – Loki, Prince of Asgard – was a lie, and always had been, and yet Loki, who prided herself on knowing the different between truths and falsehoods, had never even suspected. “Okay, so you’re not from Scandanavia,” said Jane. “Where are you from?” Loki took a deep breath, and forced the word out, even though it hurt to say. “Asgard.” The effect the single word had on the two woman was galvanising. Darcy sat bolt upright, eyes keen with sudden interest, while Jane immediately crossed the space between her and Loki, and demanded, “Asgard? Like Thor? ” The sound of her brother’s – not, her not-brother’s – name sent pain shooting through Loki, and she closed her eyes tightly against the sudden stinging in her eyes. “Yes,” Loki managed. “Like Thor.” And to her horror and humiliation, she felt the tears slip free. “Are you crying? ” Darcy asked, sounding taken-aback. “No,” said Loki, wiping at the eyes that had betrayed her. “Oh my God,” said Jane. “Is Thor – is he okay? I know he went to fight his brother, Loki, but that was a over a week ago, and he still hasn’t come back.” She looked worried. “Jane, give her a second,” said Darcy. “Here, have a tissue,” Darcy added, pressing what appeared to be a paper handkerchief into Loki’s hand. Loki wiped at her eyes with the paper handkerchief, and took a deep breath and tilted her head back, blinking furiously. Her breathing was ragged, threatening to deteriorate into sobs, but Loki controlled her breathing until it returned to normal. There was a deep ache near Loki’s breastbone when she thought of Thor, and tears threatened to spill over a second time, but Loki forced herself to speak of him anyway, to satisfy her hosts. “Thor is fine. He went to fight his brother, as you say. Loki – Loki lost,” she managed to say. “In the process, the Bifrost was destroyed. I was on it at the time, and I –” let go “–fell.” “The Bifrost broke? Well, that sucks,” said Darcy. “Does that mean Thor won’t be able to come back anytime soon?” she added, darting a concerned glance at Jane. “Most likely.” Loki wiped at her eyes, and cursed her weakness. Jane was solemn and still for a moment. Then she took a deep breath, and said simply, “Well, if Thor can’t come back, I’ll just have to go to him.” Before Loki could comment on the absurd unlikelihood of that statement, Jane turned to look at her, and said, “Wait, so you know Thor?” Loki hesitated. “I know him. He is – I am very fond of him.” “Were you and he…?” Darcy began, raising her eyebrows suggestively. Loki’s laugh was almost genuine. “Please, he was like a brother to me,” she said, the words sitting uneasily on her tongue. He was my brother , Loki wanted to say – but that was even more of a lie, wasn’t it? She curled her fists until her nails dug into her palms, and tried to breathe evenly. “Why do you ask?” she added, with as much nonchalance as was possible. Jane looked suddenly flustered, and began to say, “No reason –” but Darcy said, “Thor and Jane totally had a thing, that’s why. They made out and everything.” “Darcy!” Jane looked even more embarrassed. “You make it sound like it was just…” She trailed off. “It wasn’t like that, okay? I know how it sounds, but Thor… he’s not like that. It wasn’t just a – a fling, or anything. I know it wasn’t.” Loki raised her eyebrows. So Jane was the mortal Thor had shown interest in? That seemed uncharacteristic – Jane was clearly highly intelligent, did not dress to maximise her physical charms, and so far, seemed to lack the social graces that Thor was used to encountering in the women of Asgard’s court. Jane was, in short, unlike any other woman Thor would have met – Loki paused, as she realised that was probably exactly why Jane appealed to Thor, then wondered why she even cared who Thor showed interest in. What did it matter, now? Jane obviously took Loki’s raised eyebrows as a prompt, because she said, a little bashfully, “He was… really respectful about me and my research, you know? Every other guy I’ve met thought I was crazy, or thought that they ought to come first, but Thor… he believed in what I was doing. He listened to me.” Jane smiled shyly, and it was clear that she was besotted. Loki tried not to sneer, remembering Thor’s staunch defence of the Midgardians, when the two of them had been fighting on the Bifrost. If Thor had discovered the value of sentient life, it was a very recent discovery. Chapter 11 : Star Wars: on the run verse Shmi Skywalker fic Summary: Okay, so I was going to post a Shmi fic for my on the run verse , but it ran out of steam partway through. Maybe someday I'll write more, I don't know, but in the meantime, here's what I've got so far. Shmi Skywalker had prepared herself for death when there was movement at the tent opening, and a tall figure slipped through. It felt to Shmi as though her captivity had lasted an eternity. Every day, the Tuskens who had taken her had tortured her, for reasons she did not understand; death, she thought, would be a gift by the time it finally came. Shmi had finally accepted that there was no one coming for her. Death would be her only escape from this suffering. Shmi had tried to live without regret: there was little in her life that she had been capable of changing. For most of her existence she had been a slave, without any way of fighting back that would not end badly for her. So Shmi had borne the life she had been given with as much dignity as she could muster, knowing that to accept what she could not change was the only way she might find… not contentment, that was too strong a word; but an absence of the fiery hatred that burned in the breasts of many of her fellow slaves, to the point where it almost consumed them. Shmi had not liked her life: but she had accepted it, and there were no real choices in her life for her to regret, save one. Even that single choice, Shmi could not bring herself to regret, not really: because although it had meant losing her son, it meant that her son had gained his freedom, that he would not suffer her fate. Unlike her, he would not chafe under the petty restrictions that bound a slave all their life: he would be able to make his own choices, to life as he wishes and to go wherever he wanted. The Jedi would care for him and raise him in Shmi’s absence, and though there was pain in that thought, it was a glad thought as well, to know that he would not be abandoned, like the wild, untamed street children who ran around on Tatooine. Shmi did not entirely trust the Jedi, as she did not entirely trust anyone these days, after the life she had lived: but Shmi’s instincts had said that the Jedi with the contemplative, kind eyes would keep his word, and look after and train her son in the Jedi ways. Given a choice between slavery for her son, and the life of a Jedi, Shmi had known that there was only one decision she could forgive herself for, hard as it was, and she had made it. It had been ten long years since she had last seen or heard from her son, but Shmi still did not regret her decision. No: her only regret was that she would die without seeing him ever again, without ever knowing the man her son was no doubt becoming, on another planet half a galaxy away. Despite knowing that it was a futile hope, Shmi prayed to gods who had never answered that somehow, she might one day see her son again, even if it was only in the life that followed death. Shmi would never doubt the gods again; because now, when she had never wished for anything more fervently in her life, the gods granted that prayer. Shmi did not realise this, at first: all she was aware of was that a figure had ducked through the tent flap, a figure who was human, not Tusken. It was a young man, tall, and dressed in clothing of a style that was not of Tatooine, his hair short but for the single braid that hung over one shoulder. Shmi stared at him, wondering at the meaning of this apparition; but then she saw his eyes, and she knew . “Anakin?” Shmi asked, barely able to speak from thirst, unable to believe it: but the young man was pulling out a pocket knife and kneeling by her side, sawing at the ropes that bound her. “It’s me,” said Anakin – Anakin, tall and healthy as one of the trees that grew at the edges of the desert springs, an Anakin who was all grown-up, with a fire in his eyes, and a way of moving that reminded Shmi of the reptiles that lived in the desert, swift and deadly. “Hold on, Mom. I’ll have you free in a minute.” Anakin’s eyes were on what he’s doing, but Shmi couldn’t take her eyes off him: despite her last wish, she hadn’t ever expected to see her son again. Yet here he was, and everything she could have hoped for. “Anakin,” she forced the words out, difficult as it was to speak, “the Tuskens–” He glanced up, and there was something both reassuring and frightening in his eyes. “Don’t worry, Mom,” he said. “I can handle them.” Shmi said no more as her son finished untying her bonds and offered her water from his canteen, which she drank down greedily. Without speaking, Anakin pulled her into his arms, standing and moving towards the opening of the tent. She closed her eyes, trusting in her son’s ability to get them out of here, and let herself drift. She was pulled back to the here and now by the sound of a Tusken bellow, reacting with instinctive terror at the sound, and opened her eyes again just as Anakin placed her on the ground, the sand and grit painful as it entered some of her wounds. But then Anakin was standing tall again, a blue blade in his hands, his back straight; and then he was moving , and Shmi’s eyes went wide as she saw her son in action. Anakin moved like a deadly dancer, all lithe grace and swiftness, and the blazing blade of his Jedi weapon flashed back and forth as he dealt with the attacking Tuskens. He did not hesitate, killing them one after the other as they charged in a group, moving in a circle around Shmi and making sure that not a single Tusken got close to her. Before, Anakin had put Shmi in mind of the small but deadly reptiles that lived in the desert; but now, seeing him fight, sensing the power that wreathed around him, Shmi was reminded more of the mighty Krayt Dragon that lived in the heart of the desert, its mere call enough to terrify even the Tuskens into fleeing. He made for a terrible, beautiful sight, so different from the little boy Shmi had raised, and she could only marvel at what the Jedi training had made of him. Anakin had always carried a flame in his heart; but now, Shmi saw it burn . It did not surprise her when the Tuskens let out frightened cries and fled, leaving Anakin and Shmi alone. For a moment Anakin tensed, as though to go after the fleeing Tuskens and cut them down one by one: but then he let out a long breath, and deactivated the blade in his hands, turning back to Shmi. “Sorry about that,” Anakin said, trying for a reassuring smile, and failing badly, his expression too tense and worried to manage it. He hoisted Shmi back into his arms, and began walking. No Tuskens came after them. Closing her eyes, Shmi let herself relax and allowed the blackness to take her. The next time she awoke, she found herself staring at the ceiling of the bedroom she shared with her husband. Someone was cleaning her wounds and daubing them with ointment, and her soiled clothes had been exchanged for clean ones which were soft against her skin and smelled of the desert-flower soap she used to wash them with. A male voice Shmi had heard before was speaking, in low, easy tones. Shmi looked around, ignoring the pain the motion caused, to see Anakin bent over her, his braid hanging down as he worked, his hands smeared with an antiseptic ointment which filled the room with a distinctive, but not unpleasant scent. He glanced up, feeling her eyes on him, and smiled a little, interrupting whatever he had been saying to say, “You’re awake.” Shmi blinked at him, her mind much clearer than it had been, and realised that the return of her son had truly not been a fever dream, or a wishful imagining. “Anakin?” “It’s me,” he reassured her at once, leaning forward, and the woman who had been seated nearby slipped out of the room to give them privacy. “How did you know to find me?” was what Shmi asked; because it seemed far too much of a coincidence that after ten years without contact, her son returned to her just as she needed him most. She already had a niggling suspicion: Anakin had always had a knack for being in the right place at the right time, for knowing things he shouldn’t have had any reason to know. Anakin’s expression grew sober. “The Force told me,” he said. “You, uh, remember how I sometimes seemed to know things without people ever telling me? That’s the Force, Mom, the one that Qui-Gon talked about.” “Is he a good teacher?” Shmi asked, and Anakin let out a startled laugh. “Qui-Gon?” His expression was awkward and genuinely surprised, with a tinge of regret. “I don’t actually know. He… uh, he died, Mom. Only a few days after he took me away. You remember his apprentice, Obi-Wan? He taught me instead. Went against all the Jedi Order’s wishes to do it, too, just because Qui-Gon had made me a promise.” Anakin shook his head a little, his expression somewhere between fondness and anger. “He’s going to kill me for leaving,” Anakin said, “But I knew you were in trouble, and I couldn’t just leave you, no matter what the Jedi told me to do. You’re family . They had no right to separate us, no matter what they believe in. I wasn’t about to leave you to die, the way you did in my dreams.” Anakin’s expression was fierce and resolved, and so incredibly familiar that Shmi felt tears well up in her eyes. “It’s so good to see you, all grown-up,” she said in a choked voice, and Anakin pulled her into a gentle hug, careful of her injuries, and just stayed there like that. “I’m just so glad I got there in time,” Anakin said, and Shmi felt wetness where his face was resting against her neck. After a moment Anakin sat back and wiped at his face with his sleeve, and picked up the bandages on the stool next to him. As he bandaged Shmi’s wounds, he began telling her about his life in the Jedi Order. “It’s better than being a slave on Tatooine,” said Anakin, which was hardly high praise, “but as soon as I’ve learnt everything they can teach me, I’m leaving. The Order is its own kind of slavery. They tell me what to do, how to dress, how to feel – everything . I don’t even get to choose how to cut my hair until I reach the rank of Jedi knight. Do you know how annoying this braid is? It’s stupid, and it looks stupid, but I’m not allowed to cut it off while I’m still a padawan – a learner,” Anakin corrected himself. Anakin went on, telling her that the reason he hadn’t contacted her in the last ten years was that he was forbidden to, because all attachments – especially familial attachments – were taboo. Shmi listened, and when Anakin finally paused, she said, “This wasn’t the life I wanted for you.” Anakin sent her a look. “Like I said, it’s better than slavery on Tatooine.” He wiped his hands on a cloth, and ran a hand over his head. “And at least I can leave any time I want. I know that, and it’s tempting, sometimes. But if I stay – if I stick it out until they make me a Jedi knight – then one day I’ll have the skills to come back and free everyone, just as I promised.” There was a light in Anakin’s eyes as he spoke of freeing everyone, one that hadn’t been there when he talked of the Jedi. “I wondered if you had forgotten,” Shmi murmured, and coughed. Anakin gave her a cup of water from the pitcher on the bedside table, and Shmi drank it slowly before she continued talking. “It had been so long, and with no word… I wondered if you had put your old life behind you.” She would not have blamed him, if he had; freedom was a precious thing, and he no doubt had more concerns in his life now than the world he had left behind a decade ago. “Never,” said Anakin. “I couldn’t. One day I will free all the slaves of Tatooine. I swear it.” Shmi looked at him, with that fire back in his eyes, and she believed him. She smiled a little, and reached out to pat his cheek. “My good, brave boy,” she said, and closed her eyes. “I can’t stay long,” Anakin said softly, his voice full of regret. “Obi-Wan will want my hide as it is, for disappearing without permission. But know that I will be back, when I can.” Shmi was already on the edge of sleep; before she could respond, it dragged her under. The next time she awoke, it was her husband sitting by her bedside, his hand on hers. “Cliegg?” she asked, seeing the concern and guilt in his face. “It’s good to see you alive,” he said. “That boy of yours swore you were, but I didn’t believe it. It’d been two weeks since those blasted Tuskens had taken you, and none of us had been able to find you. I thought you were lost to us.” “Oh, Cliegg,” Shmi murmured, because although her husband was a pragmatic man, the kind to cut his losses, she knew that he wasn’t unfeeling, and that he genuinely loved her. “But your boy went out into the desert, and the gods know how, he brought you back,” said Cliegg. “Thirty men went out searching for you, and only four came back; but he goes out into the desert all on his own, right into the heart of the Tusken camp, and comes back with you in his arms and not a hair on his head harmed. It was the closest thing to a miracle I’ve ever seen.” “Anakin’s always been special,” said Shmi. “I saw him fighting the Tuskens, and he fought like the wrath of an angry god was with him, Cliegg. The Tuskens ran from him, and I could not blame them.” Cliegg let out a long breath, and squeezed her hand. “Where is he?” Shmi asked, before her husband could say anything else. Cliegg sighed. “Gone,” he said briefly. “The boy – young man, I should be calling him, after what he’s done – said that he’d be in terrible trouble with that Order of his, for going absent without leave. Said he didn’t dare tell them where he’d been, or they’d kick him out for sure. He and that girl of his were trying to make up a story to tell his Jedi masters, last I saw of them.” Shmi didn’t know which part to question first: the Jedi masters , or ‘that girl of his.’ She chose the second. “What girl?” Cliegg snorts. “Anakin didn’t come out here alone. He brought a girl with him, the prettiest little thing I’ve ever seen in my life, all dark eyes and soft hands. Free-born for sure, that one, and never known a hard day’s work as we’d measure it, if I’ve had my guess. The ship your son came in was hers. He said she was a senator of some core planet, I forget which one, and that she was a good friend of his.” Cliegg chuckled a little. “More than just a good friend, if the way they were mooning over each other was any indication.” Shmi absorbed that. She hadn’t thought to ask her son about any romantic prospects; she had been too busy dealing with the fact that he was there after ten years absence, and all grown-up. “She seemed like a nice girl, for what it’s worth,” Cliegg added. “And as stubborn as your son.” Shmi smiled at that, something soft and tender unfurling in her heart. She didn’t know the girl, but if Anakin truly loved her, and she was good for him… well, Shmi would be willing to welcome her into the family. “What’s her name?” Shmi asked. “Padme,” said Cliegg, and Shmi experienced a jolt of surprise. “Padme?” she repeated, because although she hadn’t heard the name for a long time, it wasn’t one she had forgotten. “Are you sure?” “Aye.” “Dark hair and eyes, beautiful smile?” Shmi asked, just to make sure. “Well, I only saw her smile the once, at something Anakin said, but it sounds like her,” said Cliegg. “You know her?” “She was with the Jedi who took Anakin with him,” said Shmi, marvelling. “Anakin was very taken with her. I’d never seen him react to a girl like that before. I wonder if they have been friends all this time?” “Well, at least you know he’s got someone looking after him,” said Cliegg. He bent over to kiss Shmi’s forehead. “That girl of Owen’s is cooking dinner tonight, I’ll bring some out for you as soon as it’s ready. You should rest.” Shmi was still very tired, and so she did as he suggested, closing her eyes and slipping back into sleep. It took a few months before Shmi was fully healed, and she knew that she would bear the scars of her captivity forever – both physical, and mental. She couldn’t forget the helpless terror and pain she had experienced, any more than she could ignore the places where the scars were painful and pulled on her skin as she moved. She had not been beautiful in a long time, but every time she looked in a mirror it was a reminder of what she had suffered, thanks to the new scars on her face. Shmi was not the only one who found it difficult adjusting. Cliegg had lost his leg in a fight with the Tusken raiders who had taken her, and learning to move around on his new prosthetic – knowing that he would never be fully mobile again – made him closed-off and irritable to deal with at times. Owen did his best to look after them both, while Beru stopped in every day to help in whatever way she could. There was one spark of joy during that time: Owen and Beru finally decided to get married, and it was agreed that Beru would sell her father’s moisture farm and move in with Owen and his family. Beru had lost her mother young in life, and her father had died the previous year, leaving her to manage the moisture farm all on her own. Owen had been there for her as best he could, as had Shmi, the two of them doing their best to support Beru through her grief. Cliegg might have a gruff exterior, but even he had tried to help Beru, offering her the same kind of fatherly advice that so exasperated Owen. But Beru had seen what was behind it, and understood that it was Cliegg’s way of making her feel welcome in their home. When the day of Owen and Beru’s wedding came, Shmi helped Beru with the ties of her simple wedding dress, and did the younger woman’s hair in the traditional woven bridal style. When she was done, she gave Beru a hug, before looking her in the eyes. “Owen is lucky to have you,” she told Beru. “We all are.” Beru smiled back, and the two of them finished getting ready. It was a small wedding, with only Shmi and Cliegg and a few friends of Owen and Beru attending; the celebrant was a local woman, who spoke the traditional words, knowing them off by heart. Shmi smiled as she watched as the young couple were joined together in matrimony, their lives becoming forever entwined. She spared a though for her own son, half a galaxy away, and hoped that one day she would be there for his wedding, too. Shmi dwelt on the thought for only a moment before pushing it aside: today was Owen and Beru’s day, and she would be happy for them. So Shmi smiled, and laughed as Owen and Beru had their first kiss as a married couple, and felt Cliegg’s arm settle around her as Owen and Beru’s friends surged forwards in congratulations. For a year, Shmi went about her life, assisting her family with the running of the moisture farm. In that time, she heard nothing of Anakin. Then, early one morning, while Shmi was out collecting mushrooms off the vaporators as she often did (as she had been doing when the Tuskens took her – it had taken time for her to gather the courage to go back to her old morning habit) she looked up to see a figure in dressed in dark clothes approaching, their face hidden by the hood of their cloak. Shmi waited, some instinct telling her that she had nothing to fear from the figure. It was only as they moved closer that Shmi saw the glint of the Jedi weapon at their hip, and realised who it must be. Her heart surged with joy. Sure enough, as the figure drew approached, they put back their hood, revealing Anakin’s features. His hair was still as short as it had been the last time she had seen him, but the complained-about braid was missing. Shmi ran to meet him, and Anakin grinned, moving forward to wrap himself around her in a hug. For a long moment they stood there like that. “I quit the Jedi Order,” said Anakin, when they finally parted. “There’s a lot still to do, but Mom – I’m ready to fulfil my promise.” He shook his head. “But first, I have so much to tell you.” “Come into the house,” Shmi told him, collecting her bag of mushrooms from where she had dropped it, and heading back towards the dwelling she shared with Cliegg and Owen and Beru. As Anakin moved to follow her, Shmi noticed the ring he was wearing on one hand. On Tatooine, marriages were forbidden among the slaves, and therefore kept hidden, only the carvings on the japor snippets they wore telling the knowledgeable that they were married. But Shmi was a freedwoman, and a married freedwoman at that, and she understood the significance of the ring. “You can start with that,” she told Anakin gently, nodding towards his hand. Anakin glanced down, and noticed her gaze on his ring. His expression was suddenly rueful. “That’s probably a good idea,” he said, as Shmi showed him into the house. Beru and Owen were already up and eating breakfast, and they glanced up in surprise as Anakin followed Shmi into the kitchen. Anakin nodded to both of them, and Owen nodded back, a little hesitantly, while Beru gave him a welcoming smile. Shmi had spoken to her of Anakin many times, and no doubt Beru was curious to get to know him better. “Tell me, how long have you been married?” Shmi asked, as Anakin took a seat by the table. He looked up at her. “About a year now,” he said. “Padme and I were married only a few weeks after I last saw you.” Shmi sighed, happy for her son, but disappointed that she’d missed his wedding. “Cliegg was right, then. He said that you and Padme were in love.” “They didn’t do much to hide it,” Owen snorted, and Beru swatted at him. Anakin’s smile faded. “We did, actually. We might not have hidden it around you, but, well, Jedi are forbidden from forming attachments. Falling in love is something Jedi are just not supposed to do. If the Jedi Order had found out that Padme and I were married, I would have been kicked out immediately, before I had completed my training.” “You’re not allowed to fall in love?” Beru looked aghast. “I wasn’t,” Anakin corrected, and smiled. “As of a week ago, I am a free man. I officially resigned from the Order, which means that I am free to love whoever I want.” Shmi put a hand on his shoulder, and Anakin reached up to gently squeeze it, before letting his own hand fall again. “Where is she?” Shmi asked. “Back on Coruscant,” said Anakin, his smile fading. “She has her own responsibilities… and frankly, with what I plan on doing, she’ll be safer there.” “You’re going to free all the slaves,” Shmi said. “Just as you always said you would.” “I am,” said Anakin, looking up at her from his seat. “And it’s best if I don’t visit for a while after this, to make sure no one tracks me back to you. I’ll be keeping my face hidden and my name a secret, but if anyone followed me, and I came here…” Anakin trailed off, letting Shmi infer the rest for herself. “Do you really think you can free the slaves?” Owen sounded openly doubtful. Anakin only looked at Owen, his eyes full of fire, and said, “Yes.” “But surely that’s impossible,” Beru protested, although she was looking thoughtful. “I’d have said the same,” said Cliegg to Anakin, hobbling into the kitchen, “except that you went into the desert and took on an entire camp of Tusken raiders and lived, and brought your mother back with you, and I’d have thought that was impossible, too.” Anakin inclined his head in acknowledgement. “So what’s your plan?” Cliegg asked, openly curious. Anakin hesitated, and looked at Shmi. She smiled gently, telling Anakin without words that he could trust his stepfather. Anakin looked back at Cliegg. “Well, as I see it, there are two main barriers to freeing the slaves,” he said. “The Hutts, and the slave transmitters.” “Damned nasty things, both of them,” Cliegg growled, and Anakin nodded in agreement. “First of all, I’m going to assassinate the Hutts,” he said. Shmi felt her eyes widen. “ Anakin …” “I know,” he told her, understanding her objections without needing to hear them voiced. “But it’s the only way.” His voice was resolute. Shmi frowned, but let it go, because she knew it might be the only way, even if she didn’t like it. “Assassinate the Hutts?” Owen repeated. “Just like that?” “You haven’t seen him fight,” Shmi murmured. “Just like that,” Anakin told Owen, sending his mother a quick look. “And the transmitters?” Beru asked. Anakin’s voice turned grim. “The Jedi let me study my own transmitter, once it was deactivated and removed,” he said. “They also recorded the surgery, and I was able to watch the holo until I had the surgeon’s actions memorised. I’m going to build a scanner that lets me pinpoint exactly where a slave transmitter is, and I’m going to remove the transmitters from every single slave I meet.” Shmi drew in a shocked breath, because without the transmitters in place… “You’re going to lead a revolution,” said Beru, her voice matter-of-fact. Anakin shot her a quick grin, full of unexpected charm. “That’s the plan.” Owen cleared his throat. “Perhaps I should point out that Beru is married,” he said. “To me.” Anakin held up his hands. “I’m a happily married man myself. Trust me, I have no plans on being unfaithful.” “ Owen ,” Beru complained, giving him a shove. “I am fully capable of fending off over-amorous pillocks myself – something which Anakin was not , I’d like to point out.” Owen looked a little abashed, but Anakin just smiled, amused. Cliegg looked at Anakin. “Your mother’s still got her transmitter,” he said quietly, and Anakin stiffened, his gaze darting to Shmi. “It’s deactivated – Watto was able to do that much – but surgeons aren’t exactly thick on the ground here, and even deactivated, the thing could still go off if it’s handled the wrong way. Seemed safer to leave it be.” “Mom?” Anakin was looking at her. Shmi took a deep breath. “Can you remove it?” she asked, and Anakin swallowed, but nodded. “I’ll need a first aid kit, and a sterilised blade,” he said. “But once I’ve built my scanner, I can do it.” Shmi nodded. “Have you had breakfast?” she asked then, because the mood around the table had turned tense and grim. In spite of himself, Anakin grinned a little. “I have,” he said. “I got into Anchorhead late last night, spent the night at one of the inns. They were willing to supply breakfast, for a price.” “I thought the Jedi only used republic credits,” said Shmi, remembering Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan’s confusion at being unable to use republic currency in the Outer Rim territories. Anakin snorted. “You think the Jedi gave me anything? I walked away from the Temple with only the clothes on my back and the parts for a lightsaber, which I had to steal before I left,” he said. “The money was from Padme – and yes, it was in republic credits, but the owner of the freighter I hitched a ride on was willing to do a currency exchange, for a small fee. I have enough money to last a while, if I’m careful.” Chapter 12 : Harry Potter: DiaryHorcrux!Tom takes Ginny over permanently Notes: At some point I might finish this, because it's interesting. Writing Tom is difficult, though. If I do ever finish it, however, it's unlikely to have a happy ending. ETA: this is now a separate, completed fic, called "Live life like you stole it," so you may wish to read that one instead of this chapter. Things go differently, down in the Chamber. Instead of pouring herself into the diary, Ginny opened her heart to it, her heart and her mind, and that meant a different path for Tom Riddle to take. No message saying Her skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever ; instead Tom takes Ginny down to the Chamber one empty afternoon and waits for the last of her to die. When it is all over Tom flicks long red hair over her shoulders, picks up Ginny’s wand (not a perfect match, but better than nothing, better than fifty years without a wand) and leaves the Chamber. Saunters out of Myrtle’s bathroom looking like nothing more than a little eleven year old girl. Ginny had no friends and her brothers never speak to her, which makes taking over her life terribly easy. All the teachers notice is her rising grades. They comment on her progress in class, and Tom smiles and smiles and smiles. Not that everything is easy. Tom’s new body is too short and freckled and skinny, barely worth a second glance, and it feels awkward and unfamiliar at first. Tom is ignorant of the ways girls treat their bodies, the ways in which they make themselves smaller and non-threatening. Tom takes up far too much space and walks with her head high, in long, determined strides. The boys her age challenge her with insults, but Tom ignores them as beneath her notice, even as she carefully catalogues every unwise word for later retribution. The other girls think to tease her, about her looks and her hand-me-down uniform, the same way they’d teased Ginny all year. But Tom is not an eleven year old girl, and she is not willing to take their petty pranks and malicious words. She counters pathetic attempts at dominance swiftly, and when some of the girls dare to take her things – well, they soon have other issues to worry about. Homework goes missing. Important keepsakes are found ruined. And Felicia – who fancies herself Queen Bee of their little hive – comes back to their dorm one day to find her cat hanging from the ceiling. There’s nothing to link Tom to the grisly spectacle; she knows all about keeping out of trouble. But slowly the pranks and teasing stops, replaced instead by uneasy glances and whispered comments, and Tom is satisfied. Draco Malfoy finds Tom alone in a corridor one day, and makes the mistake of attempting to torment her. Tom knows who he is: he’s a pampered, spoiled boy who thinks himself better than others, with no greater merit to recommend him than his lineage. Malfoy is not perceptive, and he sees only the youngest Weasley girl, helpless and alone. It never occurs to him that he too is alone, and that perhaps it is he who should be wary. His attempted taunts are pathetic, and he never even notices the peril he is in as Tom draws her wand, and carefully chooses her next spell. Malfoy is found later, left broken in the corridor with no memory of his attacker. The words little boys should know their place is written on his forehead in blood. The newest attack triggers a castle-wide lockdown; no one looks twice at the littlest Weasley, which is exactly how Tom likes it. As she settles into her new life Tom turns to the one mystery she hasn’t managed to solve. Harry Potter is a small boy, scrawny even, with bright green eyes (the words eyes as green as a fresh-pickled toad rises from the depths of Tom’s mind, and are irritably brushed away) and a mop of messy black hair. He doesn’t hold himself well, drawing into himself rather than standing tall, and is quiet and unassuming. He holds no power with his classmates beyond notoriety, and is no better than average at his schoolwork. How could this boy – this painfully ordinary, unprepossessing boy – have been Tom’s downfall? And yet, no one has any other explanation: the defeat of Voldemort at the Potter boy’s hands is considered incontrovertible fact. But if so, where is the boy’s power? What strength does he hold that even as a baby, was enough to overwhelm Tom’s older self at the height of his power? Tom can find almost nothing about Harry Potter that is not ordinary, and finds herself growing obsessed. The only sign that he is anything more than he appears to be is his use of Slytherin’s gift – Parseltongue. But where Tom always used it to impress and inspire fear, Potter doesn’t seem to understand the tool he possesses. To him, Parseltongue is just another language, hisses tripping off his tongue. Tom wants to shout at him, to make him see what Parseltongue could be used for, see the light of dawning wonder and avarice in his eyes as he realises its potential. Instead she sighs, and adds another mark in the ‘fails to be remarkable’ tally for Potter. Tom doesn’t understand it, and the thought continues to press at her, and so one night when Potter is down in the common room doing his homework, Tom creeps close. “Hello, Harry,” she says. “Uh, hi, Ginny,” he says, clearly uncomfortable, and not for the first time Tom mentally curses the fact that Ginny sent that wretched valentine. (It had seemed useful, at the time – Tom hadn’t realised that the valentine would later hang over her own head, once Ginny was gone.) “I wanted to ask you a question,” says Tom, and smiles disarmingly at him. This may be a new body, and Tom is still learning how girls move and behave, but how to charm another, to make herself seem benign and attractive, is something she knows well. She waits for Potter’s curious nod, and leans in close. “Parseltongue,” she says, and Potter tenses. “You could use it to control people, make them afraid of you – make them do as you wish. So why don’t you?” Potter simply stares at her, looks at her like she’s something foreign and strange, his expression more uncomfortable than ever. “Because I don’t want to,” he says simply, and Tom’s brows draw together, and something must show on her face, because Potter explains, “I don’t want people to be afraid of me, or do what I want. I just want to be…” He hesitates. “Normal,” he finishes. Tom stares at him. All her life – this one and the one that came before it, before the diary – she’s striven to be anything but normal, to prove herself better in every way than everyone else. Potter’s desire to be ‘normal’ is, in a word, incomprehensible. “But why? ” Tom snaps, unable to understand. Potter shrugs, and Tom stalks off, a hex at the edge of her tongue and her hand held tightly between her fingers. That night Tom lies in bed unable to sleep, frustration warring with incomprehension. Not for the first time, Tom wonders – briefly, flittingly – if perhaps there is something missing in her, after all, something which would make others like Potter easier to understand – but banishes the thought as soon as it comes, fiercely, angrily. Tom is not weak, and never will be – her strength, her cunning, her burning drive for greatness are indomitable, and she will not be bowed by childish fears of intangible inadequacy. If Tom does not understand Potter’s desire for mediocrity, than so much the better – all it means it that she is destined for more than he is. (And yet…) After that, Potter should become a non-entity – he is certainly no threat to Tom, after all, with his lack of aspirations to grandeur. (Even Dumbledore, however much he has disclaimed any hint of ambition for himself, still ended up the head of the Wizengamot and headmaster of Europe’s most prestigious school.) But Tom finds herself watching Potter more closely than ever, striving to understand what is not comprehensible. This, she thinks, perhaps this is where his power lies – in his ability to make himself difficult to understand, perhaps he hides secrets which could be Tom’s undoing. Ronald Weasley takes Tom aside one afternoon, pulls her into a dark and empty corner. “Look,” he says bluntly, “you’ve got to stop following Harry. It’s making him nervous, alright?” “I don’t have to do anything,” Tom snaps, irritated at Weasley’s presumption, “and certainly not simply because you tell me so.” It’s not Ginny’s words and it’s not Ginny’s voice, sharp and cutting, but Weasley only reddens slightly and fails to notice that it isn’t Ginny he’s speaking to. “I’m serious, Ginny,” he says. “Harry knows you’ve been watching him – everyone knows, it’s not like you’ve been subtle about it or anything. It needs to stop.” The thought of everyone knowing of Tom’s obsession with Potter makes her feel hot and angry for a moment, like the eleven year old she’s pretending to be. The idea of them talking about it and laughing about it behind her back makes Tom’s eyes narrow, her thoughts turning cold and purposeful. She meets Weasley’s eyes, her own cool and hard as glass. “You don’t get to tell me what to do, Ronald Weasley,” she says. “This conversation is over.” “Harry–” Weasley starts. “If Harry has a problem with my observing him,” Tom says, twirling her wand between her fingers, “then he can come and tell me so himself.” Weasley huffs, but leaves Tom alone. Tom frowns to herself, and thinks that perhaps her interest in Potter has been taking too much of her time, after all. That night Tom unleashes the basilisk again. To Tom’s delight, the next morning Albus Dumbledore is ousted by the Board of Governors in the wake of the latest attack, leaving absolutely no one left at Hogwarts who might have the slightest inkling of who was behind it. Tom laughs, knowing that Dumbledore’s damned percipience will do him no good now. Smiling, she heads off to class with the other girls. A prefect escorts them all the way to their classroom, in case of another attack, and Tom scoffs at the absurdity of the gesture – do they really think a single fifth-year prefect would be enough, should Slytherin’s monster attack yet again? It’s a pointless gesture, imparting only a false sense of security. Class is as boring as ever; Tom was always brilliant, and to be stuck doing first-year work all over again – her, the top of her sixth-year classes – is its own kind of hell. Tom casts watered-down spells and takes notes absent-mindedly, inwardly plotting her next move. She slips away to the Chamber again that night, but this time – This time, Harry Potter is waiting for her, the Weasley boy at his side. For a long moment they just stare at each other, Potter’s eyes wide, Weasley looking just as shocked, and it takes Tom a moment to recover, because how? How could Potter have known? “Ron? Harry?” she says in a frightened voice, playing the part of the scared little girl. “Ginny?” Weasley says, looking somewhere between confused and sick, on the teetering edge of a terrible epiphany. “What are you doing here?” “Ron,” says Potter slowly, “I don’t think that’s Ginny.” His wand is out, and his eyes are strangely piercing behind the glass lenses. Realisation blooms in Weasley’s eyes, and he turns pale, like curdled milk. Tom drops the little girl act, and smiles. “Very perceptive of you, Harry,” she says, and Weasley lets out a low moan, full of pain and horror. “I admit, I didn’t expect anyone to notice.” “Who are you?” Potter demands tersely. Tom tsks. “But you know who I am, Harry,” she says. “You read my diary, remember? You saw a memory of mine, before dear little Ginny stole the diary back. I suppose she was afraid of what you might do with it. She’d started to notice that she was missing time, you see. Such a pity she didn’t think to question the diary sooner. But then she was so lonely, without any friends, or her brothers to talk to her.” “ What did you do to my sister? ” Weasley’s voice is a thing of rage and pain, demanding answers. Tom smiles broadly. “It’s quite simple, really,” she says. “I took over her life.” “How?” Potter asks quietly, and his eyes are almost calculating. “The diary, of course,” says Tom. “Little Ginny wrote in it for months and months, telling me all her pitiful worries and woes: how her brothers teased her, how she had to come to school with second-hand robes and books, how she didn’t think famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like her…” “You bastard! ” Weasley roars, and throws himself at her. Tom catches him with a wordless stupefy before he gets anywhere near her, and watches him slump to the cold stone floor. “It’s very boring, having to listen to the silly little troubles of an eleven year old girl,” Tom goes on, her eyes back on Potter. “But I wrote back, I was sympathetic, I was kind. Ginny simply loved me. No one’s ever understood me like you, Tom… I’m so glad I’ve got this diary to confide in… It’s like having a friend I can carry round in my pocket… ” Tom laughs at Ginny’s foolishness. Potter’s jaw is set, his hand clenched around his wand; but his eyes are still fixed on Tom’s, listening to every word she says. “If I say it myself, Harry, I’ve always been able to charm the people I needed. Ginny opened her heart and her mind to me… leaving me plenty of room to simply walk in.” “Is Ginny still in there?” Potter asks, his eyes blazing with a curious intensity. Tom smiles, and shakes her head. “I’m afraid not, Harry. Only one person can inhabit a body at a time, you see, and I – I was the stronger soul. After all, how could a little eleven year old girl hope to defeat me , the greatest Dark Lord in history?” “You – what?” says Potter, blinking in confusion. Tom smiles yet again, and raises her wand. Potter tenses, but instead of cursing him, Tom simply writes out her name: TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE. A wave of her wand, and the letters rearrange themselves, and Potter finds himself staring at them. I AM LORD VOLDEMORT. “You see?” Tom says softly, her voice loud in the silence of the Chamber. “It was a name I was already using at Hogwarts, to my most intimate friends only, of course. You think I was going to use my filthy Muggle father’s name forever? I, keep the name of a foul, common Muggle, who abandoned me even before I was born, just because he found out his wife was a witch? No, Harry, I fashioned myself a new name, a name I knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to speak, when I had become the greatest sorcerer in the world!” Potter was staring at her numbly. “So, tell me, Harry Potter,” says Tom, drawing closer, “how did you, of all people, defeat me? How did a mere child, a baby, defeat the greatest Dark Lord of all time at the height of his power? What secret power do you hide, that allowed you to escape your fate that night?” Chapter 13 : HP: Harry Potter is Salazar Slytherin reborn Notes: I would love to continue this at some point, but for now, this is all I've got... Harry Potter, of number four, Privet Drive, was escaping. Not that he was exactly Harry Potter anymore – or at least, not only Harry Potter. Three days earlier, he’d woken from a troubled sleep to find himself with memories of another life returned to him – along with a way of thinking that conflicted with the idealistic, sometimes naïve mindset of Harry Potter. He was still Harry, at least in part – but that part was often overwhelmed by the older, more knowing aspect of himself that had somehow returned to him. Harry was Harry, but he was also Salazar Slytherin, and he wasn’t at all sure how to reconcile the two different parts of himself. Salazar had been a bitter, cynical, old man when he’d died, a man who hated muggles for what they’d done and muggleborns for what they represented – a threat to the traditional ways of wizard-kind – and who was underhanded and sneaky and could run rings around almost anyone who went up against him, excepting, perhaps, the other Founders, who were the only people he had considered his friends. Even they had turned on him, in the end – just as everyone had, eventually. About the only thing Salazar and Harry shared was a mutual propensity for getting into trouble, and yet – Well, Harry might have ended up different from Salazar, but he could also see himself in the other personality, and understood how with similar pressures, he might have turned out much like Salazar – after all, the Sorting Hat had said that Harry could have done well in Salazar’s house, hadn’t he? But Harry had made a choice , to turn away from all that, and to take the Gryffindor path of bravery and honour instead – and after years of thinking like a Gryffindor, Slytherin’s tricky thought-processes felt a little odd, despite their well-worn familiarity. It was like coming back to a childhood home as an adult, only to discover that your childhood perspective was no longer the same. Harry, frankly, felt less than whole and content, right now. But trying to resolve that issue could wait. Harry had moped around all summer, grieving for Sirius, feeling dull and apathetic. Receiving Salazar’s memories had been the kick-start he needed to move into action. As Salazar, instead of merely Harry, he found that he regarded Albus Dumbledore in a new life. The man was playing games – necessary ones, yes, but games nonetheless – with people for chess pieces, and Harry wasn’t sure that he liked where he sat on the chessboard; between Voldemort and Dumbledore, Harry had precious few choices in life. He intended to change that. But first, he needed to leave the Dursley’s less-than-loving care. Blood wards or not, Harry refused to stay there a moment longer. Yes, they were among the strongest blood wards Salazar had ever encountered – powered by a willing sacrifice, Harry thought, and felt a pang of wistful sorrow at the thought of his mother – and fully capable of ensuring that no outside force could enter the premises; but they did nothing to ensure that those who lived within the wards would treat Harry well. Harry now had the skills and memories of a man who had once been Britain’s most accomplished dueller, knowledgeable in arts that were now lost, whether because they had been simply forgotten, or because they had been forbidden. He hadn’t been a nice man, Salazar Slytherin; but the attitudes of the day had been far more forgiving of men who practiced the darker arts. All was, as they said, fair in love and war; and there had been rather a lot of the latter, even amongst witches and wizards. Wizarding Britain, back then, had been a series of different kingdoms, rather than a united entity, and magic had been far less regulated. There weren’t even magical authorities, in the current sense; wizards followed the laws of whichever king they chose to bow their heads to (or didn’t; rogue witches and wizards had been a problem for many rulers), whether he was magical or muggle. Harry, now that he was Salazar, was a far more dangerous opponent than he had been even a few days earlier – Harry might have been a defence prodigy, before, but he’d hardly compared to such experienced and knowledgeable wizards as Dumbledore or Voldemort. Now, Harry might actually be able to hold his own – if anyone was actually able to find him in order to force a confrontation, that was. So here Harry was, picking the lock on the cupboard under the stairs in the middle of the night in order to retrieve his things from where Vernon had stored them at the beginning of the summer. It was a useful skill many wizards had chosen to cultivate, in Salazar’s day, although Harry doubted that many wizards bothered, these days – too many relied on the effortless ease of alohomora , and never dreamed that they might one day find themselves without a wand – or facing a lock that had protections up against the spell. Harry grinned as the lock clicked open, and removed it. He opened the cupboard door, careful not to let it creak, and pulled his trunk out of the cupboard. Harry had already let Hedwig free, after picking the lock on her cage; now, it only remained for him to escape himself. Petunia kept a key hanging from a nail near the back door, and Harry took it from its place and used it to open the back door. The door swung open almost noiselessly, and Harry stepped out, pulling his trunk behind him, and shut the door with a quiet click. He locked the door as well – he had no love for his relatives, but Salazar had enough weighing on his conscience without causing his relatives to be robbed or killed while they slept obliviously in their beds – and tucked the key into his pocket, heading out into the night. Only when Harry was several streets away from Privet Drive did he pause, turn on his heel, and vanish from sight with a tiny pop . Harry apparated from ancient memory, but instead of reappearing on the empty land he had been envisioning, he found himself in a suburban back-street – the result of a thousand years of population expansion. Fortunately, Harry hadn’t reappeared very far from his destination; after a confused moment, his eyes alighted on an old stone tower, looking quite out-of-place in the middle of the suburbs. Harry grinned to himself in relief and triumph; it looked like the Fidelius charm had held, throughout the years, despite his death and that of the house-elf who had been his Secret-Keeper – just as Salazar had hoped when he’d experimented with a new version of the spell. The other wards didn’t seem to have held; the tower was in too poor condition for that. Still, that it still existed at all was a testament to Salazar’s excellent spellwork. Harry aimed his wand at his trunk, and said, “ Wingardium leviosa! ” The trunk promptly floated into the air, and Harry directed it forward as he walked, off the street where he was standing, and onto the plot of land protected by the Fidelius charm. As Harry approached the tower’s front door – now rotted away, to leave an empty doorway – he lowered his trunk to the damp ground, and cast a light cutting curse against his arm. As blood dripped from the wound, Harry pressed it against a smooth patch of rock next to the doorway. One of the protective spell laid on the tower was designed to recognise Salazar by his magical signature alone. Hopefully Harry’s magical signature wasn’t too different from Salazar’s – Harry was betting that since they shared the same soul, their magic would be the same, despite all the time that had passed. Fortunately for Harry, there was a shimmer in the air as the remaining wards recognised him. Feeling relieved, Harry stepped forward, pulling his trunk behind him, and entered the dwelling. Pursing his lips, Harry surveyed what had once been his living room. The spells to keep out the elements had long since failed; what was left of Salazar’s furniture and furnishings was mostly rotted away, just as the front door had been. The next room – the kitchen, once upon a time – was hardly in a better state. Treading cautiously, and leaving his trunk behind, Harry went up the stairs, to the floor above. Salazar’s study was a mess, although it looked like the spells on his desk had only failed relatively recently, judging by its relatively intact condition. The books on the bookshelves, on the other hand, hadn’t fared nearly so well. Sighing at their loss, Salazar went upstairs again, to the top floor, where his bedroom had been. It was much the same as the living room, in terms of preservation. Harry had a lot of work to do before this place was even vaguely habitable. Sighing again, Harry raised his wand, and got to it. Between overuse of the mending charm, builder’s spells (Salazar had helped build a castle, once), and cleaning charms, Harry had the tower in reasonable condition by the time dawn was peeking through the narrow windows. Walking downstairs to the living room, Harry levitated his trunk up to the top floor. The room was now bare – empty of the disintegrating bedframe and other falling-apart furniture that had been beyond even the strongest of mending charms – and Harry cast a powerful cushioning charm on the floor before he lay down, flung an arm over his eyes, and promptly went to sleep. When he woke, the light streaming through the windows suggested that it was early afternoon, and Harry’s stomach gurgled in an urgent demand for food. Grimacing, Harry went to his trunk, and grabbed out the picnic basket he had there. Harry had asked the house-elves at Hogwarts to pack it full of food for him before he’d left school for the summer; the basket itself was covered with food preservation charms, designed to make the food within keep for as long as possible. Harry picked out a sandwich, unwrapped it, and ate it, all the while pondering what he would do when the food ran out – it would only last a week, at the most, and that was if Harry was sparing with his meals. Fortunately, Harry had an idea about that. When he was done eating his sandwich, Harry went downstairs and headed outside, stepping off the Fidelius -protected property. He called, “Dobby!” There was a quiet displacement of air, and Dobby the house-elf was standing there, staring at Harry with large, round eyes. “Harry Potter sir has called Dobby!” the house-elf cried joyfully, and darted forward to hug Harry’s legs. Harry patted him on the shoulder awkwardly, still uncomfortable with Dobby’s hero-worship – despite the fact that now he had Salazar’s memories, he was more accustomed to the fanatical devotion of house-elves. “Hello, Dobby. How have you been?” Dobby teared up a little. “The great Harry Potter asks Dobby how he has been!” Dobby proceeded to tell Harry all about how life as a Hogwarts house-elf was going. Harry listened intently, his interest mostly genuine; Dobby’s loyalty was a useful thing indeed, and Harry himself was rather fond of the odd, independent house-elf. When Dobby had finished relating all his various stories about life in the castle, Harry asked, “Dobby, I was wondering if you could help me.” “Anything for Harry Potter!” Dobby said instantly, bouncing up and down on his feet excitedly. Harry grinned slightly at the sight. “The thing is, I’ve run away from my aunt and uncle’s house,” Harry confided. “They weren’t very nice to me, and I couldn’t stay there any longer. I’m currently living somewhere protected – so you don’t need to worry about my safety – but the problem is, I didn’t think to bring much food with me.” “Harry Potter wishes Dobby to obtain food for him?” Dobby suggested, his large, bright eyes fixed on Harry. “Exactly,” said Harry. “I can give you the money so that you can buy food and bring it back–” Harry was interrupted. “Harry Potter would trust Dobby with money? ” Dobby’s voice trembled with emotion. Harry smiled kindly. “Of course I would,” he said. “We’re friends, aren’t we?” Dobby sprang forward to hug Harry’s legs again. Harry patted the excitable house-elf on the shoulder as Dobby wept great tears and went on about the magnanimous Harry Potter. There were a couple of people further down the street, Harry noticed, walking in his direction – a pair of muggles, from the looks of them. It would be a good idea to get out of their sight before they spotted him and Dobby. Harry decided to take a chance. “Dobby – Salazar Slytherin lives at Slytherin Tower.” Dobby sniffed and looked up, his eyes widening as he saw the tower for the first time. “Come on, let’s go inside,” Harry said, and bustled the house-elf onto the property, and inside the tower. Dobby looked around in a wondering kind of way, and said, “Harry Potter is living in Salazar Slytherin’s tower?” “That’s right,” said Harry. “I – ah–” He tried to think of a suitable lie. Dobby’s gaze was unexpectedly knowing as he asked, “How is you knowing where to find it, sir?” Harry hesitated, but finally decided to go with the truth. “I’m Salazar Slytherin reborn.” Dobby’s eyes went wide with awe, and Harry hurried on to say, “But you mustn’t tell anyone, understand? Not even Professor Dumbledore.” Dobby nodded energetically. “Dobby understands, sir!” “Good,” said Harry. He and Dobby chatted some more, before Harry went upstairs to collect his money pouch. When he came back downstairs he gave it to Dobby and said, “Spend however much of it you need, and let me know if I need to go to the goblins to get more.” Dobby peeked inside the pouch, and his eyes widened. “Dobby has enough money, yes he does!” Dobby assured Harry. “Dobby will go shop for sir now.” The house-elf vanished, and Harry went upstairs to his study, to peruse the few books that he’d been able to salvage with mending charms the night before. As he sat at his desk, flipping carefully through one of the tomes from the bookcase, his mind turned to the problem of Voldemort. It had become clear that the Dark Lord would not rest until Harry was dead, whether Harry was a real danger to him or not – what Harry represented was too much of a threat. The prophecy that Dumbledore had recited to Harry made that clear: the one with the power to destroy the Dark Lord approaches… and either must die at the hand of the other… Harry himself had never put much stock in divination – and with Trelawney as a so-called teacher, who could blame him? – but Salazar – who had been a scholar of magical history, amongst other things – did . He’d known of too many stories of prophecies that had come true, much to the detriment of many of those who attempted to avoid the foretold outcome. At least part of the prophecy was explained, now: he will have power the Dark Lord knows not. Harry wasn’t sure exactly which of his abilities that referred to, but it was almost certainly talking about Salazar’s memories, in some fashion. Harry leaned back in his chair, and considered. The big problem with the man – if Voldemort still met that descriptor – was that he was, apparently, immortal. For Voldemort to be capable of surviving a rebounded killing curse meant that he had meddled with a certain type of magic, one that Salazar himself had always been deeply wary of. As for which subset of that kind of magic Voldemort had meddled with… well, Salazar suspected that he had been given a huge clue with Voldemort’s diary. Diary-Riddle had claimed to be a ‘memory’ when Harry had spoken to him – but no mere memory could interact with the outside world in such an active way, nor drain a person’s life-force. That suggested that Diary-Riddle had been something significantly more than a memory – that somehow, Voldemort had put a piece of himself in the diary. Memory stirred faintly, and Harry frowned, putting his book aside. Hadn’t there been a story in one of Salazar’s books that was somewhat similar, about Herpo the Foul…? Harry made a sound of frustration, knowing that he wouldn’t have the opportunity to research Voldemort’s method of immortality until he was back at Hogwarts – where he’d have to find a way around the wards surrounding the Restricted Section of the library, if he wanted to find anything useful. He knew from five years of schooling that all the dangerous books were kept there – including, perhaps, some of the dark arts books that Salazar had obtained for the use of his students, a very long time ago. Sighing, Harry got up from his desk and walked over to look out the nearest narrow window – the narrower the window, the harder it was for outside spells to get through it, and before his death Salazar had taken no chances, even under Fidelius – and smiled slightly at the sight of a snowy owl, circling the air above the tower in confusion. Harry quickly made his way downstairs and stepped beyond the Fidelius charm’s reach just long enough for Hedwig to land on his shoulder. He whispered the secret to her, and stepped back onto the tower grounds. There was a pop from the kitchen, and Harry peered inside to see Dobby – as well as a small mountain of food next to him. Bread, cabbages, carrots, potatoes, bulky packages wrapped in butcher’s paper… there was a variety of foods, all stored inside large wooden crates. “This is great, Dobby,” Harry said, pleased as he surveyed the different foodstuffs. That should be enough to last him a couple of weeks, at least. Dobby beamed at the praise. “Was there any money left over?” “Oh yes, sir!” Dobby told him happily, handing back Harry’s money pouch. It was still reasonably full of gold and silver coins, although it was slightly lighter in Harry’s hands than it had been before. “Thanks,” said Harry, and began casting food preservation charms on the crates of food. Dobby watched him do so with interest. When Harry was done, he turned back to the house-elf. “You know, you’re welcome to visit any time you like,” he told Dobby. “Harry Potter is too kind!” Dobby said, looking delighted. “Just as long as I’m not busy with something,” Harry added. “Not that that’s likely; most of Salazar’s books were too badly damaged by the passage of time to be of any use to me.” “Would Harry Potter like to borrow books from Hogwarts?” Dobby offered, and said with a gleam in his eye: “Dobby is knowing how to get past the enchantments on the Restricted Section, if Harry Potter wishes.” “Are you sure, Dobby?” Harry asked seriously. “I don’t want you to get into trouble.” “Dobby will bring the books back just as soon as Harry Potter is finished,” Dobby assured him. “No one will know.” Harry couldn’t help grinning at the sly smile on Dobby’s face. “Alright, Dobby – that’s very nice of you to offer, and it’ll save me from complete boredom before school starts.” Harry paused, an important question occurring to him. “Do you know how to read?” he asked, hoping that Dobby didn’t find the question insulting. Dobby nodded vigorously. “Older elves be teaching Dobby when he is small, in secret,” Dobby explained. “Dobby knows!” “So if I gave you a list of books, you could check whether they were in the Hogwarts library?” Harry asked. Dobby agreed that he could, so Harry walked up to the top floor where his trunk still was, and pulled out his quills, ink-pot, and parchment, carrying them back down a floor to his study. There, he wrote out a list of books from memory, and went back downstairs to the kitchen to give the list to Dobby. Dobby accepted the list with his usual cheerfulness, and assured Harry that he would do his best before disappearing. Harry grinned in satisfaction. Things were definitely looking up. A little later, Harry sat down, and composed a letter to Hermione, telling her that he’d run away from his relatives, and that she wasn’t to worry because he was completely safe. I’m doing my best to catch up on my homework, Harry wrote, and doing important research on Tom Riddle as well. I shan’t tell you where I am – it’s safer for us both if you don’t know – but I will tell you that the location is a secret kept close. Figuring that that was enough of a hint for Hermione to put two and two together and get the Fidelius charm, Harry went on to ask her about how her holiday was going and how her family was doing. Satisfied with his missive, he sought out Hedwig and attached the letter to her leg, telling her to wait for a reply. Hedwig let out a hoot of comprehension – if Hedwig was any indication, the intelligence of post owls had improved tremendously over the past thousand years – and took flight, barely fitting through the narrow window. Dobby reappeared about half an hour later, with several of the books Harry had asked for. Harry sat and read through the first few until it started to get dark, at which point Harry stopped and went downstairs to eat some dinner. He frowned as he realised that he didn’t have any way of bathing – medieval wizards hadn’t been too big on the whole bathing thing – and made a mental note to ask Dobby next time he saw him if the house-elf could obtain a bathtub for him. He could go one day without bathing – albeit reluctantly – but he really needed to have some way of taking a bath. The next morning Harry woke early, and wandered downstairs to get breakfast. He was back in his study, continuing his Voldemort research, when Hedwig returned. As Harry had expected, Hermione had sent him a sympathetic but scolding letter, telling him to return to his relatives. Harry read it, shrugged, and ignored it, and went on with his research. There was nothing particularly relevant in the first eight dark arts books he went through, but in the ninth, he struck gold. Arts for the Darker Soul mentioned Herpo the Foul in some detail, including one particular passage which caught Harry’s eye. ‘… amongst his many other achievements, Herpo the Foul was the first to achieve that most dark of all the forbidden arts: the horcrux. Herpo succeeded in splitting his soul, placing a component of himself within a vase, ensuring that as long as the vase remained whole and unbroken, Herpo would likewise remain alive and immortal. This feat has been duplicated by only a handful of wizards since; most notably Koschei the Deathless, who also utilised a number of decoy horcruxes in order to protect the disembodied fragment of his soul …” Harry raised his head, pushing his glasses up his nose and blinking. Salazar had read of horcruxes, a long time ago; but although he hadn’t shied away from the dark arts, even he had his limits. Everyone knew that tampering with the deeper mysteries – life and death, the essence of self, etcetera – brought consequences of the most extreme and dangerous kind. The tale of the warlock with the hairy heart might only be a children’s story, but at its centre was a very important message: do not meddle with what makes you human, lest you lose it altogether. Harry frowned to himself. Voldemort making a horcrux made sense, given everything Harry had observed, and yet – if the diary had been a horcrux, why hadn’t Voldemort perished at the moment of its destruction? As though in answer, a memory drifted back to Harry, of Voldemort speaking to his Death Eaters after his resurrection. “I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality…” Those were Voldemort’s exact words… Harry sat up straight, eyes widening, as a horrible thought occurred to him. Was it possible… that Voldemort had made multiple horcruxes? Even the part of Harry that was Salazar recoiled at the notion, but Harry made himself consider the prospect. It would explain a lot about Voldemort’s inhuman nature and his monstrous appearance, if he had so badly mutilated his soul… not to mention why he was still alive, Harry thought. If such an existence could really be described as ‘life’… The more Harry thought about it, with his knowledge of Voldemort in mind, the more certain he became that Voldemort had done exactly as Harry had speculated. It was monstrous, terrible… and perfectly in character, Harry thought wryly. Tom Riddle wouldn’t have seen horcruxes as a line not to be crossed, but as a challenge. To Riddle, who valued the softer emotions so little – if he’d ever even had them, which he very well might not – the prospect of becoming less-than-human would not have been a frightening one, when the possible counter-advantage was so great. So, suppose that Voldemort had made more than one horcrux. What then? How was Harry to work out how many he had made, or what they were? Perhaps the people who had known Tom Riddle as a youth might have some idea – but those who had suspected what Riddle really was were few and far between, and mostly limited to Riddle’s followers, to whom he had exposed something of his true nature. The only person, in fact, who Harry thought might be able to assist him was Albus Dumbledore, who had always been suspicious of Riddle – Diary-Riddle had said so himself. Harry scowled at the prospect of putting himself in Dumbledore’s hands, but couldn’t see any way out of it. If he wanted to destroy Voldemort, he might well have to work alongside Dumbledore to do it. But if so, Harry would do it on his terms, not on Dumbledore’s. Absently Harry reached up to rub his scar, which had started burning. That was another thing – to Harry’s knowledge, mere curse scars did not create a bond between the victim and the caster, and certainly not one strong enough to create visions or allow possession. That suggested that whatever was wrong with Harry’s scar, it wasn’t just a scar. There was an old and complex ritual that Harry knew of, which would allow the user to isolate and analyse any traces of magic on their person. It required a full moon, and half a pint of virgin’s blood, and was incredibly dangerous if not performed correctly – but Salazar had performed it more than once, paranoid about being cursed, and Harry remembered clearly how to do it. The full moon was in a week; Harry resolved to perform the ritual then. With as much progress made as possible on his Voldemort research, Harry sat down to write the essays that had been set before the end of term. Normally Harry was forced to write his summer assignments in secret, under cover of darkness: it was a pleasure to be able to sit at his desk in broad daylight and write them openly. With Salazar’s memories, Harry made short work of his various assignments – even the one set by Snape, which Harry had previously regarded as positively fiendish in nature. That done, Harry read through the rest of the books he’d had Dobby collect from the Restricted Section, just in case he found something interesting. The next month passed by quietly. Harry spent most of it refreshing his knowledge by reading books from the Hogwarts library, occasionally writing to Ron and Hermione, and chatting to Dobby, who stopped by whenever he could. Harry received the impression that the house-elf was lonely; when Harry thought about it, the other elves at Hogwarts had never really approved of Dobby much. The only real friend Dobby had was Winky, who was hardly in a state to be a good friend to him. This was probably why Dobby dropped around so often, but Harry didn’t mind; it wasn’t as though he had anyone else to talk to, after all. On the night of the next full moon, Harry cut himself, and let half a pint of blood drip into the measuring jug Dobby had obtained for him for exactly this purpose. Then he went outside, remaining inside the area of ground protected by the Fidelius charm, and began preparing for the ritual he was planning to do. The preparations all went well, and Harry launched into the ritual itself. It took a good half hour before he got to the end of it. Harry had barely spoken the final words when the world was ripped away from him – something Harry had been expecting as a successful outcome of the ritual. Harry found himself staring down at his own kneeling body, which was outlined in a halo of magic. Most of the magic was good and healthy, but clustered around Harry’s forehead was a pulsating blackness, foul and dark. As Harry watched, the blackness swirled, forming a thin, noseless face which Harry immediately recognised as Voldemort’s. Black tendrils snaked out through Harry’s entire head, like a network of rootlets anchoring the blackness in place. The only thing holding the blackness back from taking Harry over altogether was a faint golden glow that carried an echo of maternal protectiveness. Harry stared down at the terrible sight in unabashed horror. He’d known, of course, that whatever his scar truly was, it couldn’t be anything good – but the last thing he’d expected was to discover that it contained a piece of Voldemort’s soul . No wonder Harry had been having visions and other side effects, with a portion of Voldemort’s soul so close to his mind. Harry was tugged back into his body a moment later. He stayed in the kneeling position he was in, feeling sick. So, he was a horcrux – one that Voldemort didn’t appear to know existed, if the Dark Lord’s repeated attempts to kill him were any indication. Harry’s scar was aching, and Harry scrubbed at it with one hand, fighting the urge to throw up. There had to be a way to destroy the piece of soul, Harry thought with desperation, some way that wouldn’t damage Harry as well. He knew from his experiences with the diary that basilisk venom would destroy a horcrux, but Harry knew that method of destruction would kill him, too. Harry wasn’t sure how long he knelt there, going over the problem in his mind, feeling helpless and ill at the thought of his plight. But eventually he pulled himself together, and went back inside the tower. Harry went to bed, and lay there, his mind going over the problem again and again. But his thoughts got Harry nowhere. Not all that long before school was due to start, Harry donned a nondescript black cloak that he’d had Dobby buy for him, and left the area protected by the Fidelius charm. Almost immediately a frazzled owl swooped down on him with an angry shriek, a letter tied to its leg. The bird landed on Harry’s shoulder, and Harry removed the letter. The owl took flight again, and Harry examined the letter he’d just been delivered. Opening it, Harry found himself looking down at a piece of parchment which said ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL RESULTS in large letters at the top. Harry had actually almost forgotten that he was due to receive his owl results this summer, with everything else that was going on. Reading the piece of parchment through, Harry was relieved by his results. He’d failed Divination, unsurprisingly, and History of Magic; but for everything else, even Astronomy, he’d gotten a reasonable grade. His best was, of course, the Defence Against the Dark Arts OWL, for which Harry had received an ‘Outstanding’ grade. Harry traipsed back inside to put his owl results in his trunk, then left the tower a second time. Turning on his heel, he apparated to the small street which housed The Leaky Cauldron. With his hood up, no one tried to stop Harry as he headed out the back and opened up the wall there, heading into Diagon Alley. The alley looked considerably different from how it had looked the last time Harry had seen it; the colourful store-fronts were covered by large wanted posters for Death Eaters that were on the loose, or posters carrying security advice from the Ministry of Magic. None of this surprised Harry; Dobby had been bringing him copies of The Daily Prophet every morning, so that Harry could keep up with what was going on. Reading between the lines and ignoring the Ministry propaganda, Britain had begun sliding into a second war that might prove to be as bad as the first war against Voldemort had been. Harry collected the required sixth year textbooks and the other supplies he needed, but stopped in front of a store which proclaimed itself to be Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes. Harry smiled for the first time since he’d discovered that he was a horcrux, and continued on his way. Much as he’d like to stay and speak to the twins, there were doubtless people from both sides of the current conflict watching the place; both of whom would be glad to get their hands on Harry. Harry headed back to the tower to read his new textbooks, and prepared himself for the upcoming school year. On the first of September, Harry gave the various spells protecting the place a once-over to make sure that they were working as well as they should, collected his trunk, and vanished from just outside the property line. He reappeared just outside platform Nine and Three Quarters. Stepping through the barrier, Harry grinned fondly at the sight of the Hogwarts Express, and climbed aboard. He moved through the train, ignoring the stares and excited whispers that followed him, until he came to an empty compartment. Harry stored his trunk in the luggage rack and pulled a shrunken book out of his pocket, which he enlarged and proceeded to begin reading. Some time later the door slid open, and Harry glanced up to see Hermione standing in the doorway. “ Harry! ” Harry marked his page with a scrap of parchment, and closed his book. It was one of the few of Salazar’s books that Harry had managed to salvage: a book on ancient Greek and Roman magics which had been hard to obtain even in Salazar’s time. Harry managed a smile. “Hello, Hermione.” “Harry, where have you been?” Hermione demanded. “The Order’s been looking all over for you, and I heard that Professor Dumbledore wasn’t at all pleased.” “Nice to see you too,” Harry said dryly. “Hello, Ron,” he added, as Ron entered the compartment behind Hermione. Hermione’s face softened a little, and she said in a gentler tone: “I know that things must have been hard this summer, after Sirius, but –” “Hermione,” Harry interrupted, “you’re not my keeper, or my babysitter, last I checked. So maybe you could dial it back, just a little? Where I go is no one’s business but mine – and if Dumbledore has anything to say about that, then he can tell me himself.” Hermione stared at Harry, looking taken-aback. Harry shrank his book and stuck it back in his pocket before Hermione could get a good look at what he’d been reading. “I saw the twin’s shop in Diagon Alley,” Harry said to Ron, before Hermione could say anything else. “How’s that going?” Ron shrugged, taking a seat. “Mum’s convinced they’re going to be murdered in their beds for mocking You-Know-Who,” he said, “but the shop seems to be doing well. You know, they charged me for the stuff I bought there. Me, their own brother!” Ron sounded indignant. “Good for them,” said Harry, smiling faintly, and Ron sent him an injured look. “Harry,” Hermione started carefully, but Harry sent her a warning sort of look, and she stopped. “Oh,” said Ron, deliberately casual, “by the way, you’d better not break too many rules this term –” and he pointed to the shiny badge he was wearing. “They made me prefect.” “Congratulations!” Harry said, smiling. The news was a little surprising – okay, a lot surprising – considering Ron’s school grades and past record, but Harry had enough tact not to point that out. If he’d thought about it at all, Harry would have supposed that he would be the one to make prefect, not Ron – but then, Harry thought ruefully, he did have a tendency to break the rules. “It came as a total shock, honestly,” Ron admitted. “Hermione didn’t even believe me, at first,” he added, slightly accusing. “I said that I was sorry, Ron!” Harry grinned a little as his friends bickered, and settled back into his seat to enjoy the train ride. It was fairly uneventful, and a few hours later Harry found himself walking into the Great Hall. He looked around slowly, and with great affection, memories of living here both as Harry and as Salazar rushing back. Harry took a seat at the Gryffindor table as the Sorting began, and tried to think of something other than how hungry he was. When the Sorting was done, Dumbledore stood. “Now –” he began – and stopped. There was a tearing sound, and the next moment a towering pillar of flame filled the space in front of the head table. Twisting and flaring while remaining in place, Harry made out a sinister-looking face amid the flames, and his heart plummeted even as screams filled the Great Hall. There was a demon in Hogwarts – a demon with a face that Harry recognised. Oh, shit. In his youth, an ambitious (and stupid ) Salazar had sworn his soul to the demon Athos in return for knowledge from the demonic realm. Athos had been a fine tutor in things wizardkind was never meant to know, but he had shared that knowledge only in anticipation of devouring Salazar’s soul at the moment of his death. In his old age Salazar had warded his tower with spells based on Athos’ teachings –spells which kept the demon form finding him as he lay dying. The spells had worked – Salazar’s soul was demonstrably intact and well, if somewhat tarnished – and Salazar had died without the demon claiming his soul. Harry hadn’t really given the demon a thought, but he certainly hadn’t expected the demon to still care about the promise of Salazar’s soul a thousand years later. Ignoring the screams, Dumbledore stayed where he was, his posture tall and unyielding, and he gazed up at the demon with cold blue eyes. “What business do you have in the mortal realm?” Dumbledore asked, his voice like ice. The demon peered down at him, its eyes shining like lamps. “I seek Salazar Slytherin,” said the demon, its voice crackling and popping like fire. “He owes me a debt.” “Salazar Slytherin has been dead these last thousand years,” said Dumbledore calmly. The demon, however, merely chuckled. “He has, yes. But he has been reborn, and a month ago I felt the knowledge of his past life return to him. He hid himself behind wards I could not breach, but he hides there no longer. Salazar Slytherin walks these halls once more, and I will find him.” The demon’s billowing form shifted, and its eyes scanned the assembled students. “Oh Salazar,” it crooned, its tone almost playful as it burned a little brighter. “Where are you?” Harry sat very still, his mind working at a frantic pace. But he could only see one possible way out, and that might not work at all. “Where are you, Salazar? Will you show yourself, or shall I destroy this castle and everyone in it?” The demon’s voice was filled with anticipation. Harry took a deep breath, and forced himself to stand up, ignoring Hermione as she made a grab for his sleeve and tried to pull him down again. All the eyes in the hall turned to him – including the demon’s. “I may be known for my cunning more than anything else, but no one who knew me ever accused me of being a coward, Athos,” Harry replied, and a murmur of disbelief went through the frightened hall. Harry’s heart was hammering in his chest, but there was no sign of it in his face or voice. The demon chuckled again, and began to move towards Harry. “Why don’t we take this elsewhere?” Harry suggested, and hoped like hell that his plan – such as it was – would work. “As you wish,” said the demon, its eyes shining, and suddenly the Great Hall vanished around them. They were standing on a barren plain surrounded by lava, and Salazar’s skin prickled in fear as he realised that he stood within the demonic realm. “Any last words?” asked the demon, moving closer. Salazar forced himself to look up into the burning eyes. “I want to make a deal.” The demon outright laughed. “You think that you can escape your fate, Salazar? What could you possibly offer me that I would value more than your sorry little soul?” “A willingly fragmented soul,” Salazar said at once. The demon paused. “A willingly fragmented soul?” There was a moment’s consideration. “Go on.” “It’s incomplete,” said Salazar, because he knew better than to hide important details while negotiating with a demon. “A portion was destroyed three years ago. But I can locate the rest of it, I’m sure – given time – and I carry a fragment with me, inside my scar.” Harry pulled his fringe back from his forehead, revealing the reddened scar. The demon’s eyes were filled with avarice, and Salazar knew he had its interest. “What I propose is that I give you this sliver now, as a show of good faith, and over the next couple of years I work on locating the rest of the fragments,” said Harry, as calmly as he was able. “Then, once my time is up, I give the various fragments to you.” The demon made a show of thinking over the offer. Harry tried not to let on how nervous he was. “Agreed,” the demon said finally, and grinned, its features flickering. “You have one year. If you cannot uphold our bargain at the end of that period, your soul is forfeit.” “Agreed,” Salazar echoed, slumping in relief. A tendril of flame leaped forward, and made contact with Harry’s scar. He screamed in momentary agony as the inadvertent horcrux was torn loose, and swallowed up by flames. Gasping for breath, Harry staggered back. The next moment Harry’s feet slammed into a stone floor, and when he looked up, swaying slightly, he found himself standing by the head table in the Great Hall. The agitated chatter immediately stopped, and the hall turned silent. Harry was aware of the fact that all of the professors were staring at him, as well as the students, and that Dumbledore’s eyes lacked even a hint of their usual reassuring twinkle. “Headmaster, I apologise for the demonic interruption,” said Harry, keeping his tone carefully polite. “I hadn’t expected Athos to be quite so invested in collecting my soul, after all this time.” “A soul you appear to be still in possession of.” Dumbledore’s gaze was piercing. “You are correct, sir – I managed to talk myself out of trouble, for the moment at least.” “See me in my office after dinner, Mr Potter,” said Dumbledore. His face could have been carved from stone. Harry nodded, and turned and walked back towards the Gryffindor table, his back straight and his head held high as murmurs and whispers filled the Great Hall. People drew back from Harry as he took his previous seat. Harry reached over to dish up some of the food onto his own plate, aware of Ron and Hermione on either side of him, staring. “Mate,” Ron began. “Are you really…?” “Later, Ron,” said Harry. “Not here.” No one else spoke to him as he ate his meal, well-aware of the many eyes still on him. Outwardly, Harry was calm, but on the inside his stomach was churning. Telling the rest of the world who he was – had been, rather – hadn’t ever been part of Harry’s plans. Moreover, Harry had only a year to identify and track down each of Voldemort’s horcruxes – including Voldemort himself – and hand them over to Athos, or he would cease to exist. The prospect was daunting, to say the least. After the feast, as everyone else headed for their dormitories, Harry made his way up to the headmaster’s office. A familiar gargoyle hid the entry-way, and Harry hissed at it. The gargoyle jumped aside at the ancient, overriding password, and Harry went up the moving staircase and into Dumbledore’s office. The headmaster sat at his desk, fingers steepled, and Harry took a seat. For a long moment they simply stared at each other, vivid blue eyes meeting brilliant green. It was Dumbledore who broke the silence. “You are Salazar Slytherin reborn.” There was a muttering from the portraits that lined the office, but Dumbledore ignored them, his eyes fixed on Harry, who only inclined his head. “Yes.” “Because of you, the life and soul of every child in this school was endangered,” Dumbledore pointed out, and Harry allowed himself to wince. “In my defence, I’d forgotten there was a demon after my soul.” Harry met the headmaster’s eyes, and added slyly, “I was a bit too busy worrying over the horcrux embedded in my forehead.” There was a heavy silence. “Voldemort’s, obviously,” Harry went on after a moment, his voice deliberately light. “I’d recognise that misbegotten bastard’s work anywhere. I’m just lucky that Athos was willing to trade my soul for Voldemort’s, and took that piece of soul as a down payment.” Dumbledore’s eyebrows flew up. “You promised Voldemort’s soul in return for your own?” Harry made a face, because put like that, it sounded bad. “Well, if anyone deserved to be eaten by a demon, it’s Tom,” he offered, knowing that Dumbledore would likely be disturbed no matter whose soul Harry had bartered away. “And that’s one of the dangers, when you cut your soul into pieces and stick them into different objects. I have a year to collect them all, or my own soul is forfeit. I could use your help in identifying them,” Harry added, and waited. Dumbledore’s gaze never wavered. “Am I speaking to Salazar Slytherin, or Harry Potter?” he asked, and Harry smiled crookedly. “I’m still me, Professor. I just have the memories of being someone very different. Admittedly, the bloke I used to be wasn’t very nice, but I like to think this life has been good for me, in that respect.” Dumbledore gave Harry a long, inscrutable look. Harry met it easily, not in the least intimidated. After everything that Salazar had lived through, Harry wasn’t very easy to intimidate anymore (not that he had been to start with). Finally, Dumbledore broke their staring match, and sighed. “Salazar Slytherin’s views were hardly progressive,” he said. “Probably not,” Harry admitted. “But I was never as black as I’ve been painted, either. For example, the basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets was supposed to protect the school from muggle invasions – she was never supposed to be used against the students.” The basilisk had been vicious and bloodthirsty, yes, but like all snakes, she answered to a Parselmouth, which made her controllable. If only Salazar’s most recent descendant hadn’t been Voldemort, things might have turned out differently. Dumbledore appeared surprised. “You feared a muggle invasion?” Harry gave him a grim little smile. “It was a very real danger, at the time. More witches and wizards died at the hands of muggles than history would have you believe. After all, until Hogwarts, there was no school of magic here – most witches and wizards had only limited training, unless they were fortunate enough to be apprenticed to someone knowledgeable in the magical arts.” Dumbledore blinked, his expression intrigued. He looked like he would have liked to ask more, but brought the conversation back to the important issue. “Regardless,” said Dumbledore, “your views on muggles and the muggleborn were infamous. I want your word that you will not act against any of the students based on their blood status.” “Done,” Harry said at once. “Although, if any of them are Death Eaters, all bets are off.” “Should any of the students prove to be Death Eaters, I would advise you to turn them over to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, rather than dealing with them yourself.” “Fine,” said Harry – a little less willingly, this time, but agreeing nonetheless. “Very well,” said Dumbledore, and glanced at the clock on the wall. “To answer your earlier question… yes, I am willing to assist you in identifying and collecting Voldemort’s horcruxes. It is, in fact, a task which I had planned to begin undertaking over the summer – and would have, had I not been busy attempting to locate you,” Dumbledore added, with a pointed look over the top of his spectacles. Harry grinned unrepentantly. “You shouldn’t have bothered. My home is well-protected. No one is getting in without my permission, I assure you.” “I see,” said Dumbledore. “Well, that is everything which I wished to discuss with you for tonight. Given the advanced hour, you should be making your way to your dormitory.” “Alright,” Harry agreed. “When can we talk about the horcruxes?” Dumbledore considered. “Tomorrow, after you finish classes for the day, perhaps? Simply come to my office when you are done. We can discuss the horcruxes then.” “Sounds good to me.” Harry got to his feet. “In that case, Professor, I’ll wish you a good night.” “To you as well, Harry,” said Professor Dumbledore softly, and Harry left the office, heading for Gryffindor Tower. As it turned out, Hermione was waiting for him just outside the portrait hole. When she looked at Harry, her expression was troubled. “Hermione,” Harry acknowledged, and waited for her to ask the question she so clearly wanted to ask. “Are you really Salazar Slytherin?” Harry met her eyes. “Yes.” Hermione took a deep breath. “Slytherin hated muggleborns.” “What do you want me to say, Hermione? It was a thousand years ago! Britain was in the middle of a culture war, and the wizards who worshipped the old gods still were fighting against the encroaching influence of Christianity, as well. Muggleborns represented a sincere danger to traditional wizarding ways of life. And look how that turned out,” Harry added bitterly – “how many wizards do you know who still worship the old gods?” Hermione blinked, looking startled. “Er – well, none, I suppose.” “Exactly,” said Harry, more savagely than he meant to. “The muggleborns’ religion won out, in the end. The wizarding world as I knew it is gone.” “Do you still hate muggleborns?” Hermione’s voice was a little tentative. Harry shook his head. “Yesterday’s muggleborns are today’s purebloods, Hermione. Unless I want to denounce the entire wizarding world, there’s not much point. Besides, my mother and my best friend are both muggleborns.” Hermione looked relieved, but said, “And what about muggles?” Harry went still. “Ah, the muggles. Them I’m still a little conflicted about.” “ Harry. ” “Muggles are dangerous,” Harry said, before Hermione could tell him off. “A thousand years ago they drowned witches; these days they’d probably experiment on us if they got half a chance. They outnumber us thousands to one; even a wizard can’t take on an entire army. And they’ve only grown more dangerous since my day, with their computers and missiles and atomic weapons.” Hermione stared at him. “You’re afraid of muggles?” she asked incredulously. “I thought–” “That Salazar Slytherin believed himself superior?” Harry asked, smiling dryly at her. “That’s the outcome of my words being twisted to suit a different agenda for centuries. Yes, a single wizard may hold power over a single muggle… but en masse , wizards will always be the losers, in the end. History speaks for itself… or it would, if it weren’t so heavily doctored in our favour, to reinforce our society’s misplaced sense of blind superiority.” Hermione was staring at Harry like she’d never seen him before. Which was fair enough: Harry had never spoken like this before. But although the words were Salazar’s, the sentiment was also Harry’s. He’d grown up well-aware of the muggle world’s advances, and its atrocities: the part of him that was Salazar merely clarified and articulated a feeling that Harry had felt, deep down, for a long time – even if he’d never have admitted it. After all, Gryffindors were supposed to be tolerant and progressive, weren’t they? But now that Harry’s latest secret was out, perhaps he didn’t have to adhere to the Gryffindor creed so strictly anymore. Godric would have laughed disbelievingly to know that Salazar followed it at all , Salazar thought, and felt a pang of grief for his long-dead friend, and sorrow that they had parted on such bad terms. “I’ve never met a single wizard who thought that muggles were a real threat,” Hermione said, looking at Harry like she was trying to figure him out, to take him apart inside her head. Harry laughed humourlessly. “That would be the indoctrination. But think about it, Hermione. What would muggles really do, if they knew about us?” Hermioen opened her mouth to argue, but stopped. “The muggle world has practiced genocide before,” said Harry softly. “And we are far more likely to be the object of resentment, with our abilities, than their previous victims were.” Hermione looked torn, like she wanted to dismiss Harry’s argument, but could see the logic in it. “That doesn’t make killing muggles right ,” she said, falling back on what she considered unassailable ground. “No, it doesn’t,” Harry admitted. “Hence the source of my inner conflict. A thousand years ago, I wouldn’t have hesitated, but… well. I’m not just Salazar anymore.” He smiled tightly. “And the memory of my sister’s death at muggle hands is distant enough that I can think past it.” “ Muggles killed your sister?” Hermione put a hand to her mouth. “Oh yes, contrary to everything your history book says, not all the witches and wizards captured by religious fanatics were capable of escaping their fate. They drowned my sister in the village pond,” Harry said, without inflection. “Later, they were sorry, and said she couldn’t have truly have been a witch because she sank and drowned as any muggle would have, but that was of little comfort to me, as you can imagine.” Hermione looked horrified. “Harry–” she reached out to put a hand on his arm. “I’m sorry.” Harry closed his eyes for a moment, before opening them again. “It was a thousand years ago, Hermione.” “But not to you,” said Hermione. “No,” agreed Harry. “Not to me.” Hermione squeezed his arm gently, and then, to Harry’s relief, changed the subject. Aethel’s death still burned in him, and even now, as Harry, he didn’t like to talk about it. At all. He’d mentioned it only to give Hermione something to think about, and to make Salazar seem more sympathetic. “Ron… he refuses to believe you’re really Slytherin,” Hermione said, her voice still soft. “He’s convinced that the demon got confused, and that you took advantage of the situation.” Harry paused to think about that, and then laughed, a little hysterically. “Took advantage of the situation? Athos wanted to consume my soul!” Hermione’s widened in alarm. “Harry, tell me you didn’t sell your soul to a demon,” she said urgently. “I never believed in them until tonight, but I’ve read about them, and…” Hermione trailed off at the sheepish look on Harry’s face. “You didn’t .” “It was a long time ago?” Harry offered. “Look, I was young, and stupid, and I thought I could trick the demon out of our bargain, somehow. It’s not like I’d make the same choice a second time. I know better, now.” Hermione looked distressed by the situation, as well she might. “Don’t worry, Athos and I have an arrangement,” Harry assured her ruefully. “Which, hopefully, won’t end with my soul being consumed.” “What kind of arrangement?” Hermione demanded. “I can’t tell you here,” said Harry, glancing at the portrait of the Fat Lady. “Too much chance of being overheard.” “Oh, don’t mind me, dears,” said the Fat Lady. “I won’t breathe a word.” Harry only raised a sardonic eyebrow at the portrait, and looked back at Hermione, eyebrow still raised pointedly. “Fine,” said Hermione. “We can talk about it tomorrow, after classes–” “Better make it before,” Harry interrupted. “After class I have a meeting with the headmaster.” Hermione pursed her lips. “Very well – tomorrow, before breakfast, then,” she amended firmly. “But you will tell me everything, Harry Potter.” “Noted,” said Harry. “Is that everything, Hermione?” “For now,” Hermione conceded. Harry smiled suddenly, soft and wry. “Thank you for giving me the chance to explain myself,” he said sincerely. Hermione huffed. “You’re one of my best friends, Harry – of course I gave you a chance.” When Harry walked into his dormitory, the tension was palpable. Harry paused on the threshold, and went, “Ah.” “Are you really Slytherin?” Seamus challenged, setting his jaw. “Much as it pains me to admit it, I really am,” Harry confirmed. “Sorry.” “What are you doing in the Gryffindor dormitory, then?” Harry smiled thinly. “Technically, I’m still a Gryffindor, Seamus. Past lives have no influence on the Sorting Hat.” “Oh, come off it, Harry,” said Ron. “You’re not really Slytherin, are you, mate? That was all just a trick to fool the demon.” “You caught me,” Harry said in a monotone. “Yes, Ron, a demon capable of recognising when Salazar Slytherin was reincarnated just happened to mistake me for the real thing. And I, with nothing but my purely Gryffindor skill of reckless bravery, convinced it not to devour my soul.” Neville choked. Harry winked at him, and turned back to Ron. “Honestly, Ron,” Harry said – this time in a normal, if vaguely irritated voice – “Don’t you think that a demon of all things would be able to tell the difference between Salazar Slytherin and an imposter? If I’d been faking it, I would have been eaten on the spot.” Ron’s confident expression faded into uncertainty. “But Harry, you can’t be Slytherin.” “Why not?” Harry pointed out. “I’m a Parselmouth, for a start. And just because I’ve rarely been sneaky or cunning since I came to Hogwarts doesn’t mean that I’m incapable of being so. As for ambition… well, planning to take down a Dark Lord is fairly ambitious, don’t you think?” Ron stared at Harry. “You’re not serious .” “I really think he is, Ron,” Dean said. He looked at Harry, and asked lightly, “So, are you planning to turn evil and murder us all in our sleep?” Harry laughed. Neville smiled slightly, although Seamus and Ron didn’t look like they saw the funny side of the question. “Nah,” said Harry. “That’d just bring the Ministry down on my head, and I had enough of them last year.” Dean grinned. Seamus said loudly, “You think he’s joking, but we all know Slytherin hated muggeborns like you, Dean. You sure you want to share a dorm with him? ” Dean shrugged. “I’ve done so for the last five years, Seamus, and he hadn’t tried anything yet, so yeah, I’ll take my chances.” Harry clapped him on the back in thanks, and Dean smiled back. “Leave it alone, Seamus,” said Neville quietly. “We’ve all known Harry for years. One of his best friends is muggleborn, in case you’ve forgotten.” Seamus huffed, but didn’t argue further, choosing instead to climb into his bed and shut the curtains. Harry glanced around to see Ron still staring at him. “What is it, Ron?” “You’re really…” Ron trailed off, looking conflicted. Harry sighed, and pushed his glasses up his nose. “Yes, Ron. I really am Salazar Slytherin. I oppose Voldemort, I’m scared of muggles, Gryffindor is the house I was Sorted into, and I’m a Parselmouth. None of these things contradict each other.” “Hang on, muggles scare you?” asked Dean, sounding surprised and interested. “Haven’t you ever heard of the muggle witch trials?” Harry asked. “Contrary to what most historians think today, it wasn’t only unfortunate muggles they killed that way. A lot of witches and wizards weren’t well trained enough to escape if an angry mob came after them. It’s part of the reason we set up Hogwarts in the first place – to ensure that the newest generation of witches and wizards would survive.” Harry realised that Dean and Neville looking at him with interest. “I’m happy to talk about it another time, if you want – it’s a bit too late to talk about it tonight,” said Harry. “I assure you, however, that I’m a far better history teacher than Binns, if you want to brave a lecture on what really went on during the witch trials.” “I might take you up on that,” said Dean. “It’d be nice to hear about it from someone who was there.” “Well, feel free to ask me about it sometime,” said Harry, because he found it appalling that today’s generation knew nothing of the truth of what had happened. Dean agreed that he would, and Harry went to bed, ignoring Ron’s conflicted silence. While Harry hoped that Ron would remain his friend… well, Harry might have forgiven Ron for turning his back on him in fourth year, but that didn’t mean Harry would tolerate a second betrayal. If Ron decided to turn his back on Harry a second time, Harry wasn’t sure that he could forgive that – too many people had betrayed Salazar, over the years, for him to have any patience left for that kind of behaviour. Harry turned over, sighing, and hoped that things didn’t come to that. The next morning, before breakfast, Harry met up with Hermione in the common room. “Where’s Ron?” Hermione asked. “Still asleep,” said Harry. “He’s still not sure how he thinks of me, now, and I’d rather not share what I’m about to tell you with him until I know he’s not going to turn on me.” “Oh, Harry,” said Hermione, looking sympathetic. “Ron will come around. Just give him time.” Harry snorted. “I shouldn’t have to give him time, Hermione. If we have a repeat of fourth year with him shunning me, it’s not going to end well. I’d rather stick with people I know I can trust not to turn their backs on me.” Harry glanced around at the mostly-empty common room. “Come on, let’s go to the Room of Requirement. I’ll explain things there.” So the two of them made their way to the Room of Requirement, where Harry wished for a comfortable room where he and Hermione could talk without being overheard or interrupted. Hermione promptly crossed her arms as soon as the door was locked, and said, “Tell me about your arrangement with the demon.” Harry sighed, and took a seat in one of the armchairs scattered through the room. “As I said, when I was young and stupid, I sold my soul to the demon Athos, in return for knowledge from the demonic realm. The deal was, when I was at the moment of death, Athos would come and collect my soul. Being me, however, I devised a series of wards to keep him from entering my home as I lay dying. Therefore, instead of having my soul eaten by a demon, I was somehow reincarnated, instead. With me so far?” Hermione nodded, but said, “But the demon was able to find you, here at Hogwarts–” “Because the castle doesn’t have the same protections,” Harry agreed. “Anyway, after Athos found me, I proposed a new deal: one where I kept my soul, and Athos instead consumed the fragments of the soul belonging to one Tom Marvolo Riddle.” “Harry! You offered him Voldemort’s soul?” A moment later, logic won out over both outrage and horror. “But wouldn’t that break the compact that allows demons to enter this realm? According to what I’ve read, one of their own laws is that they can only accept the souls of those they do business with.” Harry smiled slyly. “In ordinary circumstances, you are correct – demons are not allowed to breach the integrity of a soul unless the possessor of that soul has given them permission. But if the integrity of that soul has already been breached, then the rules change. Which brings us to Voldemort’s methods of immortality.” Hermione looked bewildered. “What…?” “Bear with me, Hermione,” Harry said, and launched into an explanation of what a horcrux was, and the fact that Voldemort had made several. “So you see,” Harry finished, “Voldemort’s soul had already lost its integrity, which made it perfectly within the rules for me to bargain it away – particularly since one of those soul pieces was lodged in my scar.” Hermione gasped. “ You are a horcrux?” She blinked, her mind puzzling things out despite her consternation. “I suppose that might explain your strange connection with Voldemort, but…” “I was a horcrux, but no longer,” Harry corrected triumphantly. “Athos has already consumed that piece of soul.” “But how could you have been a horcrux?” Hermione persisted in working at the problem. “I highly doubt that Voldemort would have made so many attempts to kill you if he’d known that you housed a piece of his own soul. How could he make a horcrux without knowing it?” “My best guess,” said Harry, “is that after creating multiple horcruxes, the structure of Voldemort’s remaining soul was fundamentally unstable. When he tried to kill me the first time, and was hit by the rebounding Killing Curse instead, a piece of his soul broke off, and lodged in the nearest viable container – one year old me.” Hermione sent Harry a look of suspicion. “Harry, how do you know so much about horcruxes?” she asked slowly. Harry grimaced. “Research, mostly, and a certain amount of prior knowledge about soul magics. I got Dobby to steal Secrets of the Darkest Art out of Dumbledore’s office – don’t worry, he put it back,” Harry added quickly, seeing Hermione’s face, “and went through the section on horcruxes. I may never sleep soundly again, thanks to reading it,” Harry said grimly, because the methods used to create a horcrux were genuinely horrifying, even by Salazar’s standards, “but I was able to find out everything I needed to know about the infernal things.” Hermione frowned at the fact that Harry had read the book at all, but let the issue go – for the moment, at least. Harry glanced at the clock on the wall. “We should be getting to breakfast,” he told Hermione. “But one last thing. If you ever need to find me, or need somewhere safe to go, Salazar Slytherin lives in Slytherin Tower, presently located in Cambridgeshire.” Hermione’s eyes widened. “Harry – did you just tell me–” “The secret I was keeping?” Harry asked, with a slight grin. “I did. Please keep it to yourself.” “But – if you’re the secret keeper – how…?” Harry shrugged. “The secret keeper was someone else, when I was Salazar. I know that anyone who knows the secret becomes a secret keeper upon the original secret keeper’s death – although how it was passed on to me I have no idea, considering the fact that my secret keeper died after me. One of magic’s mysteries, I suppose.” Chapter 14 : MCU/Dealing With Dragons fusion: Darcy/Natasha Notes: I would love to write more of this someday. Endgame Darcy/Natasha pairing. As Natasha rounded the curve in the path, approaching the dragon’s cave with her sword and shield in hand, she was bemused to see a wooden sign hammered into the ground which said NO KNIGHTS OR PRINCES WELCOME. That was a new one on her, Natasha was willing to admit. She was kind of curious as to what kind of dragon would bother to try and keep away attacking knights and princes away with a mere sign, and if that ever actually worked. Natasha reached the entry to the dragon’s cave, and called out, “Come out, dragon, and release the princess!” Then she waited. To her surprise, she heard a distinctly female – distinctly human – voice grumble, “Oh, not again! ” and the sound of light footsteps approaching from inside the cave. On her guard, but more curious than ever, Natasha peered into the mouth of the cave. After a moment a tall, but distinctly human figure appeared, holding a mug of what smelled like coffee. She was wearing a fine silk gown with a gingham apron over it, and her long dark hair was held back not only with a delicate silver tiara, but was tied back into a no-nonsense ponytail with a scrap of blue ribbon. She was also scowling, and as her gaze settled on Natasha, she glared. “Honestly!” the princess – because it had to be the princess, no matter how peculiar her appearance was – snapped. “How many times do I have to tell people I don’t need rescuing? I’m perfectly happy here, so get lost!” Natasha stared at the princess. Most princesses who were held captive by dragons screamed a lot, swooned, and generally behaved like the dainty, well-bred women they were. They didn’t scowl like a thundercloud and tell people to get lost, while wearing gingham aprons and looking far too at-home in a dragon’s cave. Natasha reappraised the situation. She sheathed her sword, but didn’t leave, too curious to do so without learning more. “Well?” the princess demanded. “What are you waiting for?” “I think there’s been a misunderstanding,” said Natasha, and took off her helmet. The princess stared as she got a good look at Natasha’s face and the red curls that cascaded down over Natasha’s armour. “Holy crap!” said the princess. “You’re a woman!” “Well spotted,” said Natasha; but the princess didn’t seem disapproving or shocked, the way most princess were: only astonished. “The news that reached me was of a princess being held captive by a dragon,” said Natasha. “But you’re not being held captive, are you?” “Uh, no – obviously ,” said the princess. “Jane’s my friend, and totes awesome, okay? We have an arrangement: I get free food and board, and in return I cook and keep everything tidy, and make sure she actually remembers to do things like eat and sleep. It’s way more interesting than being a princess was. Seriously, princessing, so boring.” Natasha considered this. Finally, and lowered her shield. “You have to make sure she remembers to eat and sleep?” she asked, because that seemed like odd behaviour, even for a dragon. The princess rolled her eyes. “Jane’s a magician specialising in astronomy-based magics,” she said, which raised more questions than it answered. “And completely obsessed with her work. But like I said, she’s my friend and she’d awesome, so you don’t get to hurt her. Understand?” Natasha decided to be honest. “If your dragon friend isn’t holding you captive, I have no reason to hurt her,” she said, and then: “I don’t suppose I could get a cup of coffee? It was a long walk to get up here, and the village inn didn’t have any.” The princess eyed Natasha suspiciously, but finally said, “Fine. As long as you understand that if you try anything, I’ll brain you with a saucepan.” “That seems fair.” “Okay then,” said the princess. “Follow me.” And she turned and walked back into the depths of the cave. Natasha followed. Natasha soon discovered that this cave was only one of a network of caves, all connected to each other. She ended up in one which was clearly a kitchen: it had a crudely-carved wooden table and chairs – all human-sized – as well as a large wooden cupboard and an old-fashioned stove, also human-sized. “Feel free to sit down,” said the princess, and so Natasha out down her helmet, and took off her sword and shield and put them down on the floor before sitting down on one of the wooden chairs. She watched as the princess boiled some water on the stove, and poured it into a mug, adding several teaspoons of brown powder that instantly made the room smell strongly of coffee. “Thank you,” said Natasha as the princess handed her the mug, doing her best to be polite. The princess eyed Natasha for a moment, before sitting down to drink her own mug of coffee. “You’re welcome. So tell me, how does a woman become a knight?” “How does a princess end up housekeeper to a dragon?” Natasha immediately countered. The princess huffed. “They wanted to marry me off to the youngest son of the king of the neighbouring kingdom, that’s how. Don’t get me wrong, Prince Ian was okay, but the most we’d ever done was make awkward small-talk at a couple of balls – we hardly knew each other. There was no way I was going to marry him, but Mom and Dad and my siblings kept insisting, so I ran away. And there aren’t exactly many career options for princesses that don’t involve princes in some capacity, you know. So I figured I’d become a dragon’s princess. I mean, it had to be better than being married off to Prince Ian, right?” Natasha only blinked. “Anyway,” the princess continued, “I was lucky enough to find a dragon who didn’t want to eat me, and Jane said at first that she didn’t have much use for a princess, but then I told her that I’d bullied my brother’s tutor into teaching me mathematics and could check her calculations for her, plus I make a mean cherries jubilee, and she was sold. I know it’s not the most conventional dragon-princess relationship, but frankly most of those don’t seem exactly healthy, even if the princesses usually get rescued in the end. So it’s all good.” Natasha absorbed the story she’d just been told. “You’re not an ordinary princess, are you?” she observed, and blew on her coffee to cool it before taking a sip. “Hell no,” said the princess. “Being an ordinary princess is boring. Not that you can talk about ordinary, Miss Knight In Shining Armour. So go on, spill: how did that happen?” Natasha shrugged. “King Nicholas of the kingdom of Shield-By-The-Mountains cares more about having competent knights than he does about propriety. When my brother, Clint, was accepted into his service as an archer, I petitioned to be allowed to train as a knight. King Nicholas accepted my petition.” Natasha didn’t tell the princess that before that – under the previous monarch, before King Nicholas ascended to the throne – Natasha had been trained from her youngest days to be a court assassin. No one else knew, aside from Clint and King Nicholas and a couple of the King’s most trusted advisors. Natasha much preferred being a knight to an assassin. “Cool,” said the princess. “He sounds way more progressive than most kings. Hey, I don’t think I introduced myself. Princess Darcy, formerly of the kingdom of Linderwall, now princess to the dragon Jane.” She looked a lot more friendly than she had a few minutes ago, her suspicion gone. “Dame Natasha of Shield-By-The-Mountains,” said Natasha. “Well, it’s nice to meet you, Dame Natasha of Shield-By-The-Mountains,” said Darcy, and smiled. Natasha smiled back, and sipped at her coffee. A moment later there was the sound of claws scraping against rock, and then a dragon was peering into the kitchen. “Darcy, have you seen my notes on the–” the dragon began, but stopped as she saw Natasha. “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realise you had a guest.” “No problem. This is Natasha,” said Darcy. “And get this, she’s a knight . But she’s okay! I explained you’re not holding me captive, and she actually listened, so everything’s cool.” The dragon’s eyes sharpened. “Natasha as in Natasha the Wizard-Slayer, of Shield-By-The-Mountains?” “You’ve heard of me?” Natasha asked. “Of course I’ve heard of you,” said the dragon. “My cave isn’t that far from Shield-By-The-Mountains. My friend Erik is the court magician there, and he told me all about how the Wizard’s Guild tried to take over the kingdom a while back.” “I see,” said Natasha, while making a mental note to talk to the court magician when she got back – to her knowledge, he’d never mentioned any connection to any of the dragons that lived in the Misty Mountains. “I hate wizards,” said Darcy. “There’s this wizard, Brock, who keeps hanging around trying to get access to Jane’s research. So far I’ve managed to get rid of him each time, but sooner or later he’s not going to take no for an answer.” “Darcy, I’ve told you, if he shows up again, just call me and I’ll–” the dragon began, but was interrupted by Natasha. “Brock? As in the assistant to Alexander, the head of the Wizard’s Guild?” Natasha asked sharply. “I don’t know; probably,” said Darcy. “He’s kind of cagey, never really introduced himself properly. Dude needs to learn some manners.” Natasha swore mentally, but didn’t voice her curses aloud. “We’ve been after him for months, trying to work out what the remaining wizards have been up to since their attempted takeover of the kingdom failed,” she told the princess and the dragon, after a moment. “Alexander was killed during the battle at the castle, but Brock disappeared and hasn’t been seen since.” “Huh,” said Darcy. “I wonder why he’s after Jane’s research?” Natasha and Darcy both looked at the dragon. “It could be for any number of reasons,” said Jane. “My research has valid practical applications, you know. If I ever managed to complete it, travel to other realms could easily become possible – and not just for the occasional magician versed in esoteric lore, but everyone. It would mean a complete democratisation of inter-realm travel.” “When you say other realms, what do you mean?” Natasha asked, frowning. Darcy answered before Jane could. “Like, the fairy realms, the various realms of the old gods, etcetera. You know, all the places from the old stories.” Natasha’s frown deepened. “And your research would make travel to those realms possible – for anyone?” “Exactly,” Jane said. “And that’s only the beginning of the implications of my research!” She sounded thrilled, as though the prospect of turning the established order of things on its head was an exciting prospect, rather than a terrifying one. Natasha thought through the implications of inter-realm travel accessible to anyone who wanted it. That could cause all kinds of trouble. At present, the only magician with any ability to contact other realms was the sorcerer Stephen Strange who lived in the far north, and he kept visits to other realms under strict control. As it was, there still was the occasional problem with someone accidentally stumbling into the fairy realms and coming out either cursed, or powerful in ways that few mortals understood – and the ones who came out powerful rarely had little compunction about using their new powers on anyone who got in their way. The thought of that problem being multiplied by dozens – even hundreds – was an appalling one. Natasha’s kingdom had enough trouble as it was simply with the wizards, who weren’t above using magic to get whatever they wanted. Speaking of wizards… “No wonder the wizards are after your research,” Natasha said grimly. “If they could get hold of it – monopolise it – they’d have enormous power at their fingertips, even more so than they do now.” Darcy and Jane both frowned. “That sounds bad,” said Darcy. “Like, world-ending bad.” “I agree with Darcy,” said Jane. “The wizards are the last group of people I’d trust with this kind of breakthrough.” “Spineless goons,” Darcy added darkly. “But what can we do to stop them? All they need is some dragonsbane, and Jane’s in trouble – and I don’t know if you’ve noticed, I’m not exactly equipped to take on a wizard.” “I’ve taught you a few spells,” Jane protested. “Yeah, but we’re talking about wizards – they probably have, like, a cornucopia of spells.” “Less so than you’d think,” said Natasha. “Most wizards only memorise a handful of useful spells – the rest they keep in their staff. If you can manage to get the staff away from them, it can level the playing field.” “Cool, thanks for the tip,” said Darcy, and Natasha nodded, and thought for a moment. “If I explain the situation to King Nicholas, he’d probably agree to send some knights up here in case the wizards try something,” said Natasha. She looked at Jane. “Would you mind?” Somehow, the dragon made a disdainful face. “I don’t really like knights very much,” Jane said. “You wouldn’t believe how many we’ve gotten, all of them trying to ‘rescue’ Darcy, and refusing to believe she isn’t a prisoner even when she tells them so herself. Darcy’s taken to emptying a bucket of soapy water over them to make them go away.” “Apparently armour rusts easily,” Darcy put in, sounding pleased with herself. “Soapy water?” Natasha raised an eyebrow. “Well, the last one who came through, before you, arrived when I was in the middle of scrubbing the kitchen, and I carried the bucket out with me when I went to see who was at the cave entrance. Dude wouldn’t even believe I was a princess because I wasn’t ‘ladylike enough,’ so I emptied the bucket over him. He stormed off in a huff, dripping soapsuds everywhere. Since then I keep a bucket of soapy water near the entrance to Jane’s caves, just in case any more knights turn up and refuse to take ‘no’ for an answer.” “That’s one way to solve the problem.” Natasha was amused at the innovative solution to Darcy’s knight problem, and grateful that she’d listened when Darcy had told her that she didn’t need to be rescued from the dragon. Natasha imagined that soapy water wouldn’t do the armour much good – it probably washed away the layer of oil that kept the armour clean and rust-free. “I’m glad you didn’t use it on me.” “Darcy is good at thinking outside the box,” said Jane, at the same time as Darcy said, “You listened to me, so I didn’t need to.” “Look,” said Natasha to Jane. “I understand why you don’t like knights, but this is the kind of problem that knights are well-equipped to handle. King Nicholas doesn’t suffer fools in his army, I promise: they’d be perfect professionals and treat you and Darcy with respect.” “Well…” said the dragon, in a doubtful tone. “But you’d come back with them, right?” Darcy piped up, a little too hopeful, and blushed a little when Natasha looked at her. “I mean, I don’t get much in the way of good company besides Jane. That’s all,” Darcy emphasised. Natasha immediately disbelieved her excuse. Apparently she wasn’t the only one. “Oh my God,” said Jane, staring between Darcy and Natasha with an expression of dawning enlightenment. “Darcy, don’t tell me you–” Darcy stomped on the dragon’s foot, and Jane stopped whatever she had been about to say. “Fine,” said Jane. “You don’t get much in the way of good company. Sure. That’s your reason.” Darcy turned back to Natasha with an air of great dignity. “So, how long would you be gone for before you came back?” “Well, it took me half a day’s journey to get here, from the nearest inn, so… perhaps four days?” said Natasha. “I should probably get going, if I want to be back at the inn before nightfall.” “Oh,” said Darcy, her face falling. “Well, at least finish your coffee?” Natasha did so, and stood. She smiled at Darcy and Jane. “Thank you for your hospitality,” she said, putting tucking her hair back up and putting on her helmet, before picking up her sword and shield. “I’ll be back with reinforcements in a few days.” “I’ll show you to the exit,” said Darcy. “The cave network can be a bit confusing, at first.” So Natasha followed the princess until they reached the mouth of the first cave, at which point Darcy smiled and said, “I’ll see you in a few days,” with a coy glance from under her eyelashes, and Natasha realised abruptly that the princess was flirting . Oh. Well, that explained why she’d wanted Natasha to come back, then. Natasha smiled – much more playfully, this time – and said, “Definitely.” “So, a dragon-magician,” said Clint, for at least the fifth time, as they walked up the mountain. “Am I the only one who finds that twice as scary as a normal dragon?” “Clint, shut up,” said Steve, sounding as fed-up with Clint as Natasha felt. “I’m just saying!” “Say it again and you’ll be saying it upside-down in the nearest thorn bush,” said Natasha, and Clint shut up – at least for the moment. Natasha knew he’d start up again (hopefully on a different topic) within a few minutes. Sure enough, after a short silence, Clint said, “So what’s this princess like?” “Unusual,” said Natasha. “Well, yeah, but I mean – is she pretty?” “ Clint ,” said Steve. “Maybe I want to try my luck with a princess,” Clint continued. “They like rugged heroes, right?” “For a man who ends up in the palace rubbish-heap disturbingly often, you seem surprisingly ready to describe yourself as a rugged hero,” said Natasha brutally. Clint made a wounded sound, and Steve snorted to cover his laugh. “Harsh, Nat.” “Besides, I’m pretty sure you’re not her type,” Natasha added. “How do you know?” Clint demanded, still sounding wounded, but Natasha didn’t answer. Not long after that, they rounded the curve in the path that led to Jane’s cave. Natasha waved at the other two to wait, and approached the cave mouth. “Darcy?” she called out. “It’s Natasha.” “Oh, hey!” Darcy’s voice called back from somewhere distant. “I’ll be out in a sec!” Natasha turned to look back at Clint and Steve, and motioned them forward. After a moment Darcy came hurrying out of the cave, only to stop dead as she saw Clint and Steve. “Wow,” she said to Natasha, “are all the knights in your kingdom hot, or what? Because I assumed that you were just an outlier, but you know. Then I saw these guys.” “And you said I wasn’t her type,” Clint said under his breath, grinning, while Steve looked uncomfortable under Darcy’s frankly admiring gaze. Natasha had a different concern. “Why are you holding a wizard’s staff?” she demanded. Darcy’s expression lit up with glee. “I stole it!” “You what?” Clint asked, disbelievingly. “It turns out that wizards melt in soapy water. No, seriously!” Darcy added, seeing their dubious expressions. “Which has gross implications for their hygiene habits, I know, if they’re susceptible to soapy water. But anyway, Brock turned up while you were gone, and got a bit loomy and threatening–” Natasha felt her expression darken. Darcy went on without pausing. “–so I threw my bucket of soapy water over him and hey presto! he started melting. Jane’s already worked out a spell which should replicate the effect, but we haven’t had the chance to test it on a wizard yet.” “That doesn’t explain why you have a wizard’s staff, even if it explains where it came from,” said Natasha. Darcy leaned against the staff, and said reasonably, “Well, it’s a useful thing to have. Besides, I like being able to do magic. Watch this!” Natasha, Clint, and Steve’s eyes widened. “I don’t think that’s a good idea–” Steve started to say, and then all three of them ducked as Darcy raised the staff. A fireball shot over their heads, and landed in a tree behind them, where it immediately began to burn. “Whoops,” said Darcy, and waved the staff. The fire promptly went out. “Isn’t it cool?” Darcy asked, beaming proudly. “I knew I could do magic, but I never expected the staff to respond to me so well!” Clint and Natasha exchanged looks. “You do realise that the entire Wizard’s Guild will come after you if you actually use it, though, right?” asked Clint. “Sure, there’s not that many of them left, but still.” “Yeah, that’s what Jane said.” Darcy’s smile dimmed a little. “We’ve been keeping it in the cleaning supplies cupboard so that no one will find it, but I wanted to show someone what I can do with it.” “Well, now you’ve shown us,” said Natasha. “So, uh, maybe you’d like to put it away, your highness?” Steve suggested, carefully polite. “Yeah, I guess.” Darcy gave a sigh. “Oh well. Feel free to come in, by the way,” she added, and turned and headed back into the cave. “Okay, so I’m getting what you said when you told us the princess was unusual,” said Clint, when she was out of earshot. “She’s going to get herself killed,” Steve said, looking concerned. “Is there any way to convince her and the dragon to relocate to the castle?” “You really think the king wants a territorial dragon in his castle, Steve?” Natasha asked. Steve made a face that said he acknowledged the justice of her words, but said nothing. Together the small group ventured into the cave. Natasha remembered the path to the kitchen cave well enough, and when she entered it, she found Jane taking up most of the room in the large, open section of the cave. The dragon opened one eye, and looked at them. “Oh, it’s you,” said Jane to Natasha. She eyed Clint and Steve, who had the grace not to let their unease show. “Ma’am,” said Steve. “Well, at least you’re polite,” the dragon said, and went back to her nap. “Jane, don’t be rude to the nice knights,” Darcy said, entering the room at just that moment. The wizard’s staff was gone. “They’re protecting us from wizards, remember?” Jane mumbled something about jack-booted thugs that was perfectly audible to everyone in the room. “Don’t mind her, she has this thing about knights,” said Darcy, taking a seat at the table and smiling up at Natasha. “Bad experiences?” Steve asked sympathetically. “Yeah, pretty much.” “I’m not a knight, I’m an archer,” said Clint. Natasha took off her helmet, sword and shield and put them down on the floor, out of the way. While Steve and Clint were doing the same with their weapons, Natasha joined Darcy at the table. Chapter 15 : Jem and the Holograms (comic): Superhero parallel universe Notes: So ages and ages ago I started this fic where the gang get kicked into a parallel universe, in which Jem and the Holograms are superheroes and the Misfits are supervillains... Never finished it, but here it is. I'm currently working on an actual superhero AU which borrows some ideas from this, but I'm not sure at this point if it'll get finished... I'll have to wait and see. “Pizzazz, where did you even get a time machine?” Stormer asked the obvious question. “Who cares?” said Pizazz. “The important thing is that we can send Jem and the Holograms to the past, and then there will be no one to stand in our way!” Stormer might not like the fact that the Holograms were threatening the Misfits’ success, but she was more the ‘live and let live’ type. Besides which, Pizzazz’s plan – if the time machine even worked – had a lot which could go wrong, and anyway… no more Jem and the Holograms meant no more Kimber, and that was the last thing Stormer wanted. Stormer exchanged a glance with Jetta, who looked just as worried as Stormer did. “Isn’t that, like, a little extreme?” Jetta ventured. Pizzazz glared at her. “Nothing is too extreme if it means getting rid of those losers,” she declared. “Not even time travel.” “Well, I think it’s a great idea,” Roxy declared. “You would,” Jetta muttered. “But Pizzazz… what if you send them to the past, and they become famous there?” Stormer asked. “It could change the course of history!” Pizzazz considered that for a moment. “That’s why I’m sending them to an empty moor in the middle of the Middle Ages. There’s not much damage they can do there .” “Well, I’m not sure it’s a good idea,” said Stormer, crossing her arms. Pizzazz only smiled, wide and sinister. “Then it’s a good thing it isn’t your decision to make, isn’t it?” she asked. “Ladies. Don’t let Stormer interfere.” Stormer’s eyes widened as Jetta and Roxy put themselves between Stormer and the time machine. “Sorry, Stormer,” Jetta said, a little apologetically. “Pizzazz! You can’t!” Stormer exclaimed, in real alarm. Pizzazz just cracked her knuckles. “Like hell I can’t,” she said, and oozing malicious satisfaction, hit the big red button. One minute Kimber and the others were at home, practicing their latest musical number… the next, they were somewhere else entirely. “What just happened?!” Kimber wondered, picking herself up off the ground. She was standing on a street corner, along with her sisters. Kimber looked around at their surroundings, then at her keytar, checking it for damage. It appeared to be fine – looked like it was only Kimber’s knees and palms that were hurt, then. “Did we just teleport?” Shana demanded, still holding her drumsticks. “I don’t think so,” said Aja, staring. Her guitar was still slung around her neck. The others turned, following her gaze, to see a towering skyscraper behind them. The name BENTON was at its top, in enormous, glowing letters. “Oh boy,” said Shana. Jerrica dropped her microphone. Pizzazz kicked the machine in a fury. The words ‘TRANSLOCATION ERROR’ remained on-screen regardless. Stormer stared at the ominous words, her heart sinking. “Did it not work?” Jetta asked cautiously. Knowing their luck, Stormer doubted things were that simple. “Oh, it worked!” Pizzazz said savagely. “It sent them somewhere . This stupid machine just won’t tell me where!” She kicked it a second time, and it threw up sparks. Pizzazz let out a howl of rage. “ ‘Somewhere?’ ” Stormer repeated, worried. “You mean… they could be anywhere in time?” “Well, I don’t see why that’s so bad,” said Roxy. “At least they’re not here.” Stormer bit her lip. “Because they could be anywhere in time, you idiot,” Pizzazz snarled. “Past or future! They might have ended up somewhere that changes everything!” “What do we do now?” Jetta asked. “We fix this machine, and then we find out where the Holograms have gone,” said Pizzazz resolutely, still visibly fuming, but reigning in her temper a little. Stormer just hoped that was possible. She wondered if Kimber was okay. Kimber and the others walked into the building. The doorman gave them a confused look, but didn’t try to stop them as they walked inside and headed for the reception desk. “Um, hi,” said Jerrica, when Kimber nudged her. The receptionist smiled at them. “Ms Benton,” she said professionally. “What can I do for you?” “Uh…” There was the sound of heels clicking on the faux-marble floor behind them, before they came to a sudden stop. There was a loud, “What the hell? ” and Kimber turned, along with the others. Jerrica was gaping at them, only it wasn’t the Jerrica that Kimber knew – this one had long hair pulled back in an elegant chignon, and she was wearing an expensive-looking suit, and carrying a large pink briefcase. Kimber glanced at her sister, to see Jerrica staring at her double, eyes wide and shocked. Kimber glanced back at Jerrica’s doppelganger as the woman recovered. “Who the hell are you?” the Jerrica-lookalike asked. “And why do you look like me and my sisters?” “I don’t know!” stammered Kimber’s Jerrica. She looked to Kimber and the others for help. “This is how we always look,” said Kimber. “The question is, why is there suddenly two Jerrica’s?” “Oh my God,” said Shana. Everyone looked at her. “This is total comic-book material. Guys, I think we’re in a parallel universe. That explains everything.” “A parallel universe?” repeated Aja and Jerrica together. But Jerrica-clone was frowning, and looked like she was thinking hard. “Okay,” she said slowly, “that’s weird, but I guess it’s possible. I can work with it.” She pointed at them. “Come on, let’s go up to the penthouse, and we can get things sorted out.” “Penthouse?” repeated Jerrica. “About that,” said Aja. “You have an entire building with your name on it?” Alternate-Jerrica paused. “Yeah…” She looked at Jerrica. “You mean you don’t?” Jerrica just shook her head. It was Kimber who answered the question. “No, although we figure that Dad must have been a secret superhero or something, because of Syn – mmph!” Kimber glared at Shana, who had slapped a hand over Kimber’s mouth before she could finish saying ‘Synergy.’ “Shut up!” Shana whispered fiercely into Kimber’s ear. “You can’t mention you-know-who!” “Who, Voldemort?” asked Kimber sarcastically, but didn’t say Synergy’s name. Alternate-Jerrica had turned pale. Apparently she understood what Kimber had almost said. “I believe you,” she said. “And we need to get up to the penthouse before Kimber says anything else indiscreet.” Kimber frowned at the comment, but followed alternate-Jerrica across the lobby to the elevators. The elevator was huge, well and truly big enough to fit everyone inside. There was an awkward silence as they rode the elevator up to the top floor, Jerrica and alternate-Jerrica staring at each other, while Kimber, Aja and Shana stared at both of them. As they waited for the elevator to reach the right floor, Kimber took in the differences and similarities between Jerrica and her double. Jerrica looked like she always did: pretty and a little uncertain of things, her short blonde hair framing her heart-shaped face. Jerrica’s double looked to be about the same age, but she somehow gave off an air of being far more mature and worldly-wise than Jerrica was. It wasn’t just the suit and the elegant hair, or even her professional make-up compared to Jerrica’s lip gloss and blue eye-shadow; it was the way alternate-Jerrica held herself, straight and tall, holding her head up high, and striding around in her black pumps like she owned the world. The elevator finally dinged as it reached the top floor, and the doors opened into a spacious, tastefully decorated, expensive looking living room. Attractive art hung framed on the walls, and the furniture looked like real leather. While Kimber was staring, alternate-Jerrica folded her arms and said, “Explain.” “I don’t know how,” Jerrica confessed. “One minute we were at home, the next we were standing on the street corner in front of your building.” “Why do you even have a building?” Aja put in. “Are you rich, or something?” Alternate-Jerrica smiled, but looked self-conscious about it. “I am, actually,” she said. “On the Fortune 500 list, and all that. Dad left me and Kimber Benton Enterprises when he passed away. It’s now the best-performing technology company in the world.” “Wow, and you thought being the band’s manager was hard,” Kimber muttered to Jerrica. Alternate-Jerrica overheard. Her eyes widened. “Wait – you’re a band? ” She sounded a little like she wanted to laugh. “That explains the guitar and the keytar, I suppose.” “We’re really good,” Shana said, looking slightly offended. “We call ourselves Jem and the Holograms.” “I’m sure you are – wait, Jem and the Holograms?” alternate-Jerrica blurted. She looked stunned. “That’s the name of your band?” “Yeah,” said Jerrica warily. “Why?” “It’s just,” alternate Jerrica hesitated, “well… it’s easier to show you.” She put her briefcase down, and Kimber realised for the first time that it was made of metal. Alternate-Jerrica nudged it with her foot, and said loudly, “Synergy, it’s showtime.” “Of course, Jerrica,” said Synergy’s familiar voice from somewhere in the ceiling. Kimber was about to ask what was going on – when the suitcase moved. As Kimber watched, the suitcase unfolded from itself, wrapping itself around alternate-Jerrica’s leg. It continued to fold itself out and around alternate-Jerrica, expanding and taking on a new shape as it did, until alternate-Jerrica was nowhere to been seen. Instead, a metallic, robotic-like figure stood before them. “Oh my God,” said Kimber. “You’re that Iron… guy.” “Iron Man,” mumbled Aja. She looked as shocked as the others. “My superhero name is Jem,” corrected alternate-Jerrica, her voice distorted beyond recognition by the robotic suit. “I’m part of a superhero team called the Holograms. Our identities are a secret, but I think you guys can take a guess who we really are. Synergy, showtime’s over.” “Our alternate selves are superheroes,” said Aja. “That is so cool .” Alternate-Jerrica laughed, and the robotic armour began folding back down into a suitcase. “Do you all have one of those?” Shana asked curiously. “Yeah,” said alternate-Jerrica. “I designed them, but Synergy helps us control them. I take it you have Synergy, too? What do you use her for, if you’re not superheroes?” Jerrica looked embarrassed. Kimber answered for her. “Jerrica uses Synergy’s holographic technology to change how she looks – Jem is the identity she uses when she sings, so she doesn’t get stage fright,” she explained. Alternate-Jerrica looked intrigued. “Holographic technology?” she asked. “That’s what Synergy is, in your reality?” “Well, she’s an AI too, I guess,” said Jerrica, a little hesitantly. “I never thought of using holographic technology,” said alternate-Jerrica thoughtfully, before glancing back at Jerrica. “That’s it? That’s all you use Synergy for? To live a double life as a singer?” Jerrica nodded, looking even more embarrassed. Alternate-Jerrica noticed. “Sorry,” she said. “It’s just, the first thing I thought of when I inherited Synergy was that I could use her to help me help other people. I was… surprised.” “You make me sound selfish,” said Jerrica unhappily. “No!” alternate-Jerrica exclaimed. “I didn’t mean it that way, honestly.” She looked genuinely sorry to have upset Jerrica. “This is all really interesting,” Aja spoke up, “but how are we supposed to get home?” Alternate-Jerrica rolled with the subject change. “I’m sure we can come up with something,” Alternate-Jerrica said reassuringly, while Jerrica sent Aja a grateful look. “Although… tell me, do you have the Misfits in your world?” “Do we ever!” Kimber complained. “They’re our biggest rivals! They tried to kill us at one of our concerts!” She was still angry about that; Aja had been seriously hurt, even if she was recovered now. Kimber wasn’t sure she could forgive Stormer for being involved. Alternate-Jerrica smiled wryly. “I guess some things never change,” she said. “They’re supervillains in this reality. Is it possible that the Misfits sent you here?” “I wouldn’t put it past Pizzazz to send up to a parallel universe,” Jerrica replied, “but I can’t see where she’d get the technology.” “You could say the same thing about you and Synergy,” Shana pointed out, and alternate-Jerrica nodded thoughtfully. “I guess,” said Jerrica. “Hey,” said Aja, “if you guys have the Misfits as well… did your Kimber date Stormer, too?” Alternate-Jerrica’s eyes widened. “Your Kimber dated Stormer? ” She looked shocked, and a little scandalised, staring at Kimber in disbelief. “Guess that answers that question,” says Shana. “No,” Alternate-Jerrica said, still looking shocked, “Kimber never dated Stormer. She’s dating a nice girl named Mary Philips.” Kimber blinked. Mary Philips… was Stormer’s real name. So was Kimber’s counterpart knowingly dating a supervillain, or had Stormer kept her secret identity, well, secret? Kimber opened her mouth to point out that Stormer and Mary Philips were the same person, then closed it again, uncertain whether she ought to let this alternate version of Jerrica know that her sister really was dating Stormer. If Kimber had been talking to the alternate version of herself she wouldn’t have hesitated, but… what if this other Kimber knew the truth, and had deliberately kept it secret? Something must have shown on Kimber’s face, because both Jerricas looked at Kimber curiously. “What?” asked Jerrica, looking at Kimber inquiringly. “Kimber?” “What is it?” Alternate-Jerrica asked, raising her eyebrows. The others looked at Kimber curiously, as well. Under their combined attentions, Kimber caved. “Um, well…” she said hesitantly, “you do realise that Stormer is just a stage name, right? Or supervillain name, I guess, in this world.” It was Shana who got it first. “Oh, no,” she groaned. “ Kimber! ” “I didn’t do anything!” Kimber protested defensively. “ I told you guys I was dating Stormer!” “Eventually,” Aja said. “My point is, this isn’t my fault, and you can’t blame me for what my alternate-universe counterpart is doing,” said Kimber. “Wait…” said Jerrica slowly. “Kimber, are you saying…” Alternate-Jerrica got it at the same time as Jerrica did. Her shoulders slumped. “Mary Philips is Stormer’s secret identity,” she said resignedly. “Isn’t it?” Kimber nodded. “Sorry,” she offered. “No, it’s not your fault.” Alternate-Jerrica went to run her hands through her hair in frustration, realised that it was still in its chignon, and stopped with a frustrated sound. “The question is, does my Kimber know? ” Everyone looked expectantly at Kimber. “Don’t look at me,” said Kimber. “How should I know? I’m not her. Not exactly her, anyway. I’m dating a rival band member, not a supervillain! And I’m not even sure if we’re still a thing,” she mumbled under her breath. Alternate-Jerrica took a deep breath, and shook her head. “I suppose it doesn’t matter right now,” she said reluctantly, “although I will be talking to Kimber. Our priority at the moment has to be getting you all home.” “Definitely,” said Shana. “Synergy,” asked alternate-Jerrica, “is it possible for us to isolate the…” and she dived into technobabble that left Kimber feeling completely lost. A glance at the others showed Kimber that they were just as confused by the technobabble, their faces blank or bemused as alternate-Jerrica held a conversation with Synergy that might as well have not been English, for all the sense it made. “It should be possible,” Synergy said, when alternate-Jerrica finished outlining what she wanted Synergy to do. “Although you’ll need to build a transmitter to open the portal to send these young women home.” Alternate-Jerrica sighed. “I knew you were going to say that,” she said. “Well, I’d better get down to the workshop and get started. I–” “Jerrica, I am receiving a call from Shana,” Synergy interrupted. “She and Aja have activated their armour. The Misfits are robbing a bank.” Alternate-Jerrica groaned. “Of course they’d do something like this when I have other things to worry about,” she said. “Tell Shana I’ll be there soon.” “Of course,” said Synergy. “Relaying the message now.” Alternate-Jerrica turned to Kimber and her sisters. “I’ll explain the situation to the others once we’ve dealt with the Misfits,” she said, “and I’ll work on getting you home once I get back. In the meantime, feel free to make yourselves at home here. Just don’t leave the penthouse. Synergy, it’s showtime!” “Wait,” said Aja, as the armour folded itself around alternate-Jerrica. “Is there a way for us to watch what’s happening?” “Yeah,” said Shana. “It’s not everyday you get the opportunity to see your alternate-universe doubles fighting a band of supervillains.” “If it’s not too much trouble,” Jerrica added. Alternate-Jerrica considered the idea for a moment, as the armour closed around her face. “Synergy,” she said, “can you route the video feed from my armour to the TV?” “Certainly,” said Synergy. “It shouldn’t be a problem.” “Great,” said alternate-Jerrica, and the TV came to life. A moment later, it showed a crisp image of Kimber and the others standing in the living room. “I’ll see you later,” said alternate-Jerrica, turning and walking out to the penthouse balcony. She took off flying a moment later. “I can’t believe I’m a superhero,” Jerrica muttered. “Me neither,” said Shana. “I think it’s cool,” said Aja. “I bet we kick ass,” Kimber declared, grinning. The others laughed a little at that. “Yeah, we are pretty awesome,” Shana agreed. They turned towards the TV and watched as the city passed by, far below. It was strange seeing skyscrapers and other buildings from so far up high. It took about five minutes for alternate-Jerrica to reach the bank that the Misfits had been robbing. Chapter 16 : Young Wizards/Star Wars The Force Awakens: Rey and Finn are wizards on Ordeal Notes: The Force Awakens, with bonus wizardry. Rey found her Manual while scavenging, inside a long-crashed Star Destroyer in the depths of the desert. The data pad wasn’t likely to be worth anything – data pads were usually made of cheap, disposable parts – but some prompting made Rey pick it up. The screen sprang to life when she turned it on. “ A Manual of Wizardry ?” Rey read aloud. It took her three days of reading the Manual by the light of the setting sun to decide, but in the end, Rey took the Oath. The next day she found a BB-8 unit lost in the desert, and the events that followed changed everything. “So you’re with the Resistance?” Rey asked, and the man in front of her hesitated, as though he wanted to say yes, but also didn’t want to lie. “Not exactly – I am on errantry, and I greet you.” Rey felt her face light up in excitement and delight. “You’re a wizard?” she exclaimed, and then realised that she’d hit another wizard in the face with her staff. So much for easing pain, she thought, and resolved to not be so hasty in attacking other people, next time. “I guess so – I’m on Ordeal right now, and it’s been one hell of a day,” the other wizard replied, and now that Rey really looked at him he seemed exhausted, and a little disoriented. “Are you really?” Rey asked. “I’ve only been a wizard since yesterday, and I haven’t had a chance to learn much yet. What’s being on Ordeal like?” “Well, it hasn’t been much fun for me so far, let me tell you,” said the other wizard. Before Rey could comment, BB-8 rolled up, beeping about Stormtroopers. Rey ran after him, and the other wizard followed. Rey wouldn’t notice until much later, when she and Finn were halfway to Takodana and she finally had the chance to pull out her Manual again, but the words On Ordeal appeared under her name in the listing of local wizards, just like Finn’s. When Maz Kanata turned away from Han to look at Rey and Finn, she greeted them with the words, “ Dai stiho .” Rey experienced a moment of thrilled recognition as she realised she was meeting another practitioner of the Art. Finn reacted differently. “Wait, you’re a wizard? ” He was clearly shocked. Rey wasn’t entirely sure why. Rey, for her part, wasn’t surprised at all: there was something about Maz that was both reassuring and familiar in a way that made Rey think, wizardry . Maz raised an eyebrow, while Han went, “What? What are you talking about?” “You sound very surprised. Did you think you were the only one?” She turned away from Finn, and led the small group to one of the back tables. Han began to explain exactly what their mission was, and Maz listened. “Maz, I need you to get this droid to Leia,” said Han, and Maz shook her head. “Hmm. No. You’ve been running away from this fight for too long,” she said, and spoke in a language Rey wasn’t familiar with. “Go home!” “Leia doesn’t want to see me,” Han began, and Finn went, “Please, we came here for your help.” But Rey’s focus was on what Maz had said. “What fight?” Rey asked. “The only fight; the fight against the Dark Side,” said Maz. “Through the ages, I’ve seen evil take many forms. The Sith. The Empire. Today, it is the First Order. Their shadow is spreading across the galaxy.” “You’re talking about the Lone Power,” said Rey, and Maz made a shushing sound. “We do not say It’s name. It tends to draw It’s attention. But yes. You know the one of whom I speak.” “How are we supposed to fight It?” Finn demanded, and Rey turned to him in shock at his words. But Finn was staring at Maz, and Rey could feel a terrible fear in him, and wondered that she hadn’t sensed it earlier. Perhaps the fear had been buried beneath other things, and only now come to the surface. “We’re only people. How are we supposed to fight a Power? And entropy, the end of the universe: it’s inevitable anyway. So what’s the point? This isn’t a war we can win.” Maz adjusted her goggles, and her magnified eyes stared out at Finn. “Hmm.” She started crawling across the table towards Finn. Rey wondered what she was doing. “What’s this? What are you doing? Solo, what is she doing?” Finn stammered, leaning backwards. But Maz never took her eyes off Finn. “I don’t know, but it ain’t good,” Han muttered. Maz ignored him. “If you live long enough,” she said quietly to Finn, “you see the same eyes in different people. I’m looking at the eyes of a man who wants to run.” “I’ve seen the First Order.” Finn’s voice was shaking. “You don’t know it like I do. If that’s what It does – we have no hope.” “There is always hope,” said Maz, but it was clear, to Rey’s dismay, that Finn wasn’t ready to listen. Maz made a thoughtful sound. “You see those two?” She pointed to a pair in the back corner of the room. “They’ll trade work for transportation to the Outer Rim. There, you can disappear. But I give you fair warning: turn your back on wizardry, and it will not be offered to you again.” Finn turned to Rey. “Come with me,” he said, and Rey, to her despair, realised that there was no turning him from his chosen path. “I’m a wizard , Finn. I took the Oath. I’m not about to go back on my word,” Rey said. “Besides, we need to get BB-8 back to the Resistance.” “I can’t,” said Finn, and he stood, turning to leave the table. Rey jumped to her feet and ran after him. “You can’t just go,” said Rey, blocking Finn’s way. Finn sighed. “I can’t do it. I’m not cut out for this.” “For what?” “This whole wizard thing,” said Finn. “I was a stormtrooper. What do I know about guarding growth or easing pain? I came from the First Order, Rey. That is as far from wizardry as you can get.” Rey absorbed his words. That he had been a Stormtrooper was something of a shock, but clearly, no matter where Finn had come from, his upbringing hadn’t managed to dim the goodness in his soul. “But the Powers still chose you,” Rey said softly, willing Finn to stay. She wasn’t sure she could bear being alone, not again. Not now she’d known what it was like to have a friend, after all those lonely years on Jakku. “They saw good in you, Finn. I see it too.” “I can’t,” was all Finn said, and he turned away from her. Rey was left standing alone, and hurting. The Force vision was terrifying. “I am no Jedi, but I know the Force,” said Maz, her voice gentle, but there was a triumphant look in her eyes, a fiercely rekindled hope. “It moves through and surrounds every living thing. Close your eyes. Feel it. The light – it’s always been there. It will guide you. Take it.” Rey shook her head. “I’m not a Jedi, I’m a wizard,” she told Maz. “That path is not for me.” Maz only smiled. “Perhaps,” she said. “We will see.” She didn’t urge Rey to pick up the lightsaber again, and for that Rey couldn’t help but feel grateful. Of course, twenty minutes later Rey was knocked unconscious and kidnapped by a man who had held her in place with nothing more than strength of will and an outstretched hand, so perhaps she should have taken the lightsaber, after all. When the Manual had mentioned the concept of Ordeal, it had described it as a ‘test of aptitude.’ There had been nothing on the data pad to suggest that Rey’s life would be completely uprooted, that’d she’d find a friend only to lose him, then be kidnapped by a fearsome stranger in a mask and wake up to find herself in restraints while the masked stranger stared at her ominously. But then… it had been in the word itself, hadn’t it? ‘Ordeal.’ Nothing good, Rey thought, could possibly be named an ‘Ordeal.’ Rey just hadn’t realised how all-encompassing her Ordeal would be. Rey had known from the Manual that wizards could be overshadowed by the Lone Power, but now she wondered: could Jedi? Because it had been a lightsaber that Kylo Ren had used: a red one, true, but still the weapon of a Jedi. Rey wasn’t given much of a chance to wonder. As Kylo Ren reached into her mind, Rey followed a hunch and gritted out, “Fairest and Fallen… greetings and defiance .” Something dark and inhuman unfurled behind Kylo Ren’s eyes, and the Lone Power smiled. Rey braced herself. Chapter 17 : Star Wars: Anakin is a space-angel (from the moons of Iego) Notes: Started this one last year, but it didn't go anywhere. I was inspired by that line in The Phantom Menace about angels, and thought, 'what if Anakin and Shmi were space angels?' I didn't get far with my attempt, obviously, but I might revisit the idea, sometime. There were a lot of stories amongst the deep-space traders about angels, but very, very few had ever seen one. Angels lived on the moons of Iego, and were said to be the most beautiful creatures in the universe. It was a long time since Shmi Skywalker had been beautiful. Sorrow and hard work had taken her beauty from her, although traces of it still lingered in the lines of her face and in her fine eyes. She had been only young when the slavers caught her – too young to have been trained in the warrior arts of her people, barely able to defend herself. Once, she’d been a thing of marvel and wonder to her owners: but that had been a long time ago. As Shmi’s beauty had faded, so had any pretence of kindness, and in the end she had been sold to one of the Hutts, only to be lost through a wager to Watto. These days, Shmi was hardly a remarkable figure, her wings grey and tattered, her face lined and weary. Time, and life, had not been kind to her. Shmi’s only joy was in her son, and even that was a bittersweet joy, knowing that he would spend the rest of his days in slavery, with no chance of escaping the hard life that Shmi had lived. Anakin was a golden child, as fair in face as any other angel child, but Watto cared nothing for beauty. Fortunately, perhaps, Anakin had proved from a young age that he was also useful. He was unusually bright for his age by the standards of most other species, and had a knack for technology that was highly useful to Watto. He would be a slave all his life, but at least he would be a valuable slave, unlikely to be killed or seriously harmed. For Shmi, that was the only source of hope, however small. And then the Jedi came. Padme stared at the young boy in the Toydarian’s shop. He looked to be younger than she was, and very like a human, more so than most of the non-human species Padme had ever met. Despite how human-like he looked, however, there was no mistaking him for human – not with the pair of large, golden wings that stretched out through the slits at the back of his tunic, nor his radiant beauty. Padme had met many people during her time as Queen of Naboo, but she had never met anyone as beautiful as this child. For a moment they just stared at each other. “What are you?” Padme blurted, and only then realised how rude the question was. So much for her carefully drummed-in diplomatic skills. “I mean –” “I’m an angel,” said the boy matter-of-factly. “Mom says our people come from the moons of Iego. She tells me stories, sometimes. The moons of Iego are covered with frozen oceans, and before they learn to fly children like me are taught to skate on the ice so that they can travel on their own. She says that angels are meant for the cold, not desert climates like Tattooine.” “An angel?” Padme had never heard of angels before, but then, there were a lot of sentient species in the galaxy. “If your people come from the moons of Iego, what are you doing on Tattooine?” She couldn’t imagine anywhere more different from an ice moon than Tatooine, with its dry heat and endless sand. The boy’s gaze fell for an instant, before rising again to meet Padme’s. “We don’t have a choice,” he said. “My Mom and I were sold to Gardola the Hutt, but he lost us betting on the pod races.” “You’re a slave?” Padme asked, appalled. The boy’s eyes flashed golden for a moment, the same shade as his wings. “I’m a person and my name is Anakin.” “I’m sorry,” said Padme. “I didn’t mean to offend you.” Anakin’s eyes faded back to blue, the gold dissipating. Just then Qui-Gon went striding past, with a brief glance at Padme, indicating that she should follow. “It was nice to meet you, Anakin,” said Padme, feeling strangely reluctant to leave this odd boy. She wanted to know more about him, and how such a beautiful being had ended up a slave on a barren desert planet, so far from his species' homeworld. “It was nice to meet you too,” said Anakin, and for a moment they smiled at each other, before Padme turned to hurry after the Jedi Master.