Celery - MCU Summary: Darcy has a bet to win and Thor gets confused Thor stared at the strange green plant in front of him, nested in a jar of purple water. Or at least it had used to be a green plant. Now it had purple tinges to the leaves at the top of the stalk and Thor was most confused as to the witchcraft involved. For a plant to change colour was normal, did not a flower blossom from a green bud? But not once it had been taken from its plant. The Asgardian prince was still baffled when the wise scientist Banner arrived to cook lunch. Upon seeing the stick of vegetation Bruce grinned. "I haven't coloured celery for years." he said excitedly, cleaning his glasses to take a better look. Thor asked him what this 'celery' was. "It’s a leaf stalk, a herb actually but um it’s like a vegetable." Thor nodded wisely and tucked the knowledge away to ask Darcy about later, Jane was little use when it came to real, non-packaged food. "And why do you color these vegetables so? Do you not find the colour green a most noble colour?" Bruce paused to think of an answer. In the end his just shrugged. “For fun I guess, and to teach children how plants take in water from the soil.” Thor nodded again, a visual aid made more sense. He looked at the top of the stalk and saw small rivet of colour running up it from the jar of coloured water below. “There were children to instruct in the tower of the Man of Iron?” Thor asked, wondering why he had not been allowed to meet them. He found Midgardian children far more fascinating than some of the adults. As Bruce was about to explain, Darcy walked in and plucked the celery from Thor’s hands. “That is for Hawkass.” Darcy explained as she rinsed the excess colouring off and chopped it into chunks. She added them to a purple plate and smeared the tops with peanut butter or hummus. The woman adjusted the pieces into concentric circles and then showed off her dish to the men. “Why are you making snacks for Clint?” Bruce asked as he cleaned up her knife and chopping board. Darcy grinned a slightly shark like smile. She put a finger over her lips and placed the plate on top of the highest counter below the air vent. They all watched as the vent cover moved and an arm reached for the plate. The over was returned and nobody heard a sound. After a few minutes the vent cover moved again and an empty plate was deposited to its original position. Darcy was grining even wider and Bruce asked again why she ha been feeding Clint. “Hill bet me $10 that I couldn’t get Barton to eat raw celery.” As she spoke, Maria appeared beside her and handed over the money. “How did you do it?” Hill asked as Darcy tucked the money away in her bra. Darcy smiled. “That man is a sucker for purple,” There was a muffled shout from the vent. “That and he has the mind of a four year old.” Chapter 2 : Potato - Much Ado Summary: Benedik has a surprise for Beatrice but it doesn't end the way he intended it to. Notes: Day two, Potato. December is going well and I am on track so feel free to celebrate by adding a comment. Beatrice was having the most unbelievable day. She had woken to find that the majority of her tasks had been completed for the day and so she had taken a picnic with Hero to the lake. When she returned in the early dusk she was pleasantly tired, too tired to question what had happened to her husband when she found a warm bubble bath waiting for her. An hour’s soak with a glass of wine and a good book had been the only way to improve upon her day but improve it they did. When the water began to cool and the wine was all gone, Beatrice climbed out and found a robe to put on. That was when she heard a sharp yelp, the sort the dog made when it had scratched by the cat. Sighing Beatrice went in search of the wounded animal. Instead she found a wounded Benedik. “What, pray tell, appeared in such a ghost like manner and hath injured you so, husband?” She asked observing the blood dripping from the hand he was cradling to his chest. He whined as she pulled it away from him to take a closer look. The cut wasn’t deep but it was right between his thumb and forefinger and looked annoying. Beatrice busied herself with cleaning his hand and finding something to cover it up.”Beatrice raised a solitary eyebrow at her husband and he huffed. “Such as man as thee, attacked by a vegetable?” Beatrice asked, picking up the red stained potato in question. Benedik hissed at it childishly. “I should see you to battle with that potato” Benedik challenged nursing his hand again. Beatrice put away the knife; it would be no use getting hurt herself. “Faith husband, why did you declare war with the humble vegetable?” Benedik puffed up his chest with pride. “I am not such an ill cook that I cannot lick my own fingers.” Beatrice kissed said fingers gently and then draped herself across her husband playfully. “Let me give the cook something else to lick.” It was fair to day that her night was even better. Chapter 3 : Demonic - Chuck Summary: Chuck is buying Christmas presents and Morgan gives him some advice. Notes: So let's just ignore the facts like the last season and just pretend that everything is fine, this is a drabble there is no plot. Burbank was not exactly the North Pole but when it came to Christmas, people went all out. Tinsel and baubles hung everywhere and the whole town seemed to be painted red with a white fur trim. Casey had flat out refused to decorate Castle and so despite Morgan’s best efforts the base remained unfestive. The smaller man was undeterred by his failures however and so tried again every day. Sarah was like she usually was at the holidays, calm and collected up front but panicking slightly inside. It didn’t help that Ellie was freaking out about bringing Clara up for Christmas. Between her sister-in-law and her Morgan, Sarah was feeling her peaceful facade ebbing away. Since Morgan was a Chuck specialty she drafted her husband in to help. Since Morgan just wanted to spread the holiday spirit, he was more than willing to help buy presents. That was especially helpful to Chuck who had no idea what to buy his young niece. The BuyMore had seemed like the logical place to start the search but nothing Chuck found seemed even remotely suitable for Clara. There were educational CDs but they seemed too boring and that side of the equation would no doubt be covered by the Woodcombes. Chuck wanted to give a fun present; he was just unable to find one. "Chuck, look man I have found the most perfect gift ever, Clara will love it." Chuck allowed himself to be pulled along by his friend to a display of 'retro' toys. Looking at where Morgan was pointing Chuck saw a box containing the scariest thing he had ever seen, a Furby. "Morgan, that thing is terrifying, it's downright demonic. Look at those cold, dead eyes and creepy expression." Morgan shook his head and explained that all adults though Furbies were creepy but for kids they were cute and awesome. "Awesome for little awesome?" he asked, shaking the box at Chuck. The taller man recoiled despite his entire spy training but he couldn't afford to ignore Morgan's advice. Chuck had it gift wrapped so that he didn't have to look at it anymore and then he stored it at the back of his wardrobe until Clara arrived with Ellie and Devon. Clara had become entranced by the wrapping paper on Christmas morning and so the presents had been mostly ignored. It was only ans Ellie and Awesome were tidying up a little that they took a better look at Chuck's gift. Ellie was discussing her traumatic experience of finding an old Furby under her bed when Casey walked into the living room and grabbed the box from their hands. He ripped it open and shot the creature several times before stamping on it and flinging it out of the window. "Do you two realise how dangerous that thing is?" Casey asked and he ripped up the box. He grunted at them. "The NSA tried to have these things banned, hidden messages and recording devices." he scowled. Ellie was about to protest but the thing had been kind of creepy and she didn't want her daughter having nightmares. The agent went away and returned with a much cuter cuddly toy GI Joe bear as a replacement gift. He left the couple alone to process the event, promising to reward himself with range time for such brilliant reaction. Maybe he could find a Furby themed target? Chapter 4 : Banana - James Bond Summary: Bond is back from a mission and is tired ofbeing lectured by a certain quartermaster. Notes: Banana, it was obvious so I went for it. Feel free to comment, it makes me happy This has been edited by which I mean written using real words and grammar. Banana Istanbul had been exhausting and Cairo had been messy but arriving back to headquarters was a weight off his shoulders. He had missed the slow drizzle and the ridiculously obsessed health and safety of England. There was something relaxing about having CCTV everywhere and PCSOs to clutter street corners. The one problem was the paperwork. Espionage was an art and describing the process in 2000 characters or less was no mean feat. It didn't help that he had had to sacrifice his unique, hand crafted and ultra programmed USB stick hidden in a cuff link in order to save the life of the Lithuanian chancellor. Bond felt that the exchange had been worth it but his quartermaster thought differently. Hence the stern dressing down the younger man was giving on the importance of caring for one's belongings. Double 0 agents might be patient behind a sniper rifle but when lectured they had a tendency to get twitchy. Bond was ready to go home and sleep but the words just kept falling like rain around him "Q, darling, we don't all have a room full of minions to do our dirty work. Maybe if I had someone to do my job for me I wouldn't keep losing gadgets." The quartermaster squinted at Bond ever so slightly and the room of busy technicians froze. "I would prefer it if you could refrain from using that term 007." Q requested in a quiet but serious tone. Bond could have, should have left it but he was tired and frustrated and what sort of spy isn't curious? "You don't perhaps mean the term 'minions'?" This time all the techs turned to look at their boss for instruction. Q looked angry. Bond smirked, "what if I said b-" Q cut Bond off by shouting gibberish and shushing him with frantic hand gestures. "God Bond, don't say the bloody word or I won't get any work done for hours." At that point Bond could have used the event as leverage, a get out of jail or I will ruin you card. Instead he decided to press the big red shiny button he had been offered. "Could you be referring to, banana." Before Bond had finished saying the word everyone in Q-branch was on their feet running about like headless chickens. The clinical lighting was replaced with a glitter ball and foam bananas were flung around like boomerangs. Bond escaped after twenty minutes of being pushed and shoved by frantic techs trying to collect the fake fruit and the last thing he saw was R sat on a make shift throne holding a loo brush with an ice cream cone on it like it was a magic wand. "How did you survive this long when you don't ever listen?" Q asked, he had gotten out quickly having experience the phenomenon before. The double 0 just shrugged. "I would tell you but then I would have to kill you." The next time Bond said the b word in Q-branch, the quartermaster locked him in. Chapter 5 : Penelope - Thunderbirds Summary: How could I not? What else would I think of when someones yells 'Penelope' at me on a Monday morning Notes: This is not late for a other minute. It would have been done earlier but I had a spontaneous 5 hours nap when I got home from school The island was quiet. It was never silent, not with that many young men in a confined space, but with all of them asleep it was getting close. The day and most of the previous night had been spent battling a flood in New Zealand. Not even the rising sun was enough to disturb the peace. A pink Rolls Royce was a different matter all together. The car was flown as precisely as usual through the warm morning air and the driver courteously sent a message to the inhabitants of the island to warn of their arrival. That was when the house erupted into chaos. Virgil was woken first, since he had been close to waking up for a wee. He stumbled thorough the dark to get his phone and saw the test alert, then the time. It was half past seven; none of them would have woken for hours. He pulled on some clean clothes and went to knock on every one's doors, toothbrush in one hand. There was no time to waste, not when company was coming. Alan and Gordon appeared from their bedrooms at the same time, both still mostly asleep. “Virg, it’s like two am.” One on them yelled the other wincing at the volume. The man was too panicked to notice and replied with two words, pulling them awake with a jerk. “Lady Penelope.” The men exchanged glances and then their heads disappeared, running to their posts. Scott didn’t say anything but a loud clatter was heard from his room suggesting that he was most definitely awake. Jeff Tracy was not a slob like some of his sons, thus he was permitted an extra ten minutes to wake up. That was sort of pointless when the entire island was filled with the noise of Alan hovering and Scott making coffee to keep them from falling asleep again. Checking with Brains, he noted that his had about twelve minutes before their guests arrived and so he went to get his breakfast. He had helped when the boys were younger but now they could manage it so long as they had at least 8 minutes, 7 and a half at a push. With his weary scientist and loyal man servant looking like they were about to fall over, Jeff checked his watch again. There were 5 minutes to go so he sent the boys to get dressed; reminding Virgil to check that Alan’s socks weren’t still on the kitchen table. The sound of 5 men attempting to look presentable after two hours sleep was not exactly subtle but Tin-Tin glided into the lounge with a serene smile and looking refreshed. She politely said good morning to Mr Tracy, Brains and her father before preparing a pot of green tea. The sound of thrusters could be heard in the lounge as FAB1 landed and just as the voices of the two guests could be heard from the pool, the rest of the boys ran in and lined up beside their father. Tin-Tin moved silently along the line, fixing errant spikes of hair and fixing mis-buttoned shirts before standing beside Alan and propping the boy who was about to fall over. The screen doors opened and Parker walked in, looking neat in his grey uniform but red faced from carrying several rather heavy pieces of designer luggage. Following him was a tall, fair skinned blond woman who walked as though she was on a cat walk in Milan and dressed the same. None of the men in the room could take their eyes off of her and were generally too asleep to address her so Tin-Tin welcomed her politely and with a grace none of the boys could have managed. “Oh dear,” Lady Penelope said, everyone straightened up an looked panicked, looking desperately for whatever sight their gust had met. “Parker, we seem Chapter 6 : Canal - White Collar Summary: Neal is in Amsterdam. Notes: WARNING - SUICIDE This is not happy, this is dark and twisted. The idea for Greet it ever so completely stolen from 'Girl with the pearl earring' but I don't care Also I have not seen all of White Collar so remember that these have no plot Enjoy In all honesty, it wasn't illegal. He truly hadn’t broken a single law or rule or even suggestion at any point, he hadn't even lied. Still he would never tell Peter about it, he wasn't even sure that Mozzie knew. Nobody else knew about the painting at the bottom of the canal, except for the girl who was down there with it. Mozzie was the craziest but a lot of the people Neal knew in the art world were just as insane. Not just the forgers, the true professionals often tended to care so much about the art and less so about rational thinking. The circumstances leading Neal to Amsterdam were somewhat unorthodox but once he was there he took advantage of it. He tried to learn from as many different artists as he could in as many different styles. Most of them had been charmed by a cheeky smirk and a cup of coffee (maybe something a little stronger) but one had evaded him. Greet was unusual, she was flawed. Her eyes were too close together and her nose was crooked and her face covered in freckles. Her clothes were torn and clashed and her shoes were scuffed. Neal wanted to paint her more than he wanted to steal the Mona Lisa herself. Neal wasn't the one to paint her though. He had been sketching her but it kept coming out too clean, Greet was messy and rough around the edges but Neal had to be smooth. A man on a canal barge had painted Greet, she had been sat on a bridge and he had paired her as his boat passed beneath her. Neal had never loved a painting more in his life. He could feel her looking at him, her chapped lips grinning at him and her mad eyes glimmering. He had bought the painting and found a frame for it so that it could hang in his hotel room. Every night he stared at it, Greet was her own work of art, her own individual sense of colour and light. One day, Greet showed Neal what it was she did. He had been trying to figure out her out and when he did he was awestruck. Greet painted people, but not in the usual sense. Greet painted people the way a decorator painted walls. Greet would find someone and smile at them, play around until they agreed to let her cover their face, their arms with patterns and colours and marks and art. Neal somehow convinced her to show him how to do it, how to use skin as a canvas for doodles and inspiration. Maybe Neal hadn't convinced Greet; maybe she had allowed him in. Three days later Neal and Greet spent the night painting each other on the bridge. Neal had just finished covering her forearm with Van Gogh's starry night as she drew veins onto his. At dawn Neal had had to leave, he had an appointment to keep. When he returned in the afternoon to find Greet he was met by the man who had painted her portrait. He sat Neal down and explained how Greet had gone crazy, how she had jumped from the bridge and hit her head. Neal’s world stopped dead, his skin icy cold despite the shining sun. Greet was gone, there was a gap on the bridge where there had been her unique brilliance. When Neal went to his hotel room Greet haunted him. The painting was too lifelike and it hurt him to see her flawed grin. Neal carefully cut down Greet and rolled the painting into a tube. He sealed it tight, not a drop of water could get in. Neal added a metal weight to the bottom of the painting and then dropped it from the bridge where Greet had jumped. He returned to America the next day and never went back to Amsterdam again. Sometimes he dreamt though, of the painting at the bottom of the canal and the girl who was down there with it. Chapter 7 : Testosterone - James Bond Summary: Q is managing a mission with 009 but it doesn't go the way he planned Notes: This lovely prompt was from a boy who I asked for a random word. His first was 'chlamydia', I decided that I would ask for a different word. I almost forgot to write this today because I was so angry after Strictly Come Dancing (I don't hate you Pixie baby) Have fun, comment and stick around tomorrow for 'Computer' The agents of MI6 tended to be fairly regular. They were insane, but they were crazy in their own usual ways. 007 would always flirt, 006 would always shoot things and 002 would appear at random all over the building. 009 was an oddity. It probably didn’t help that 009 was based in Finland and tended to only visit headquarters every few months at most. Q had guided 009 on missions before and the agent seemed to take order well, unlike Bond 009 would go where Q directed and would only shoot at things that were meant to be shot at. The next time Q directed 009 it was through a port in Sweden. The port of Haparanda was the current base of operations for an arms dealer and so 009 was tasked with evading port security by getting a job gutting fish. Once in the port 009 could take the dealer out efficiently and send the trade details to Q branch. 009 spent the whole mission doing exactly the opposite of whatever Q asked. Neither M nor Tanner could get through to the agent and the only law that she seemed to obey was the power of the rising tide. For Heaven’s sake man, pull yourself together and get out of there. Some of the port security has stopped to deal with the truck so I suggest taking a sharp right turn." 009 swore in some Nordic language before finally following Q's suggestion and turning. Within a few minutes 009 was headed to the car park, from there was a car waiting. "What the hell are you doing?" The GPS tracker that had been blinking had stopped moving. Someone put up CCTV and there were too many people to make out the agent. M managed to spot 009 amongst the crowd and swore violently. A ring had formed around a man and a woman who were beating each other up. Or rather the man was doing a rather good job of getting himself beat up. “From the chatter it seems like he called her a whore, commented on her cleavage and then insisted she join him in bed.” Tanner informed them, reading the translation from the police radio. M winced and everyone in q-branch became tense. The man was still being beaten up and had failed to land a hit yet "Can't he hit a woman?" Q asked typing like mad to keep the local police from being called. "Surely now is not the time to be chivalrous." M pinched the bridge of nose and sighed heavily."009 is the woman you blithering idiot." Q looked confused. A shout broke out amongst the crowd a the woman knocked the man down to the ground and then spat on his face before running off to the waiting car and driving off. It didn't take long for 009 to drive to the next port and climb on the transport ship that would have her back on UK soil in no time. As she sailed, Q was being berated by his boss. "Surely you realise that MI6 employs women." M asked, disbelieving. "Of course I do, I have no problem with that." Q was trying to defend himself. "I just didn't realise that 009 was a woman, I've never met her before and to be fair, the reports of her aren't exactly feminine. Every single woman in q-branch paused and then turned to look at their boss. One of them was holding a sword, several were holding guns. “Not that being feminine is a bad thing; I’m sure that female double Os are just as effective." Q gulped and considered raising his hands to show his innocence. R advanced a step, eyeing him up like a target. “Of course I always rather felt that there was too much testosterone in the double O section myself. We could use some more women to combat their idiotic tendencies” M made the technicians stand down and they obeyed but none of them put their weapons down. "Let me remind you quartermaster that not only was your previous boss a woman, but that a woman runs this country." Q nodded. "Also, given that the women of q-branch deal with both double Os and deadly weapons, I would advise being more lenient with sick leave." Q nodded and made a note to do so later. First he had some apologies to make. Chapter 8 : Computer - Merlin Summary: Arthur is having a bit of a problem with Merlin's computer Notes: So imagine that in the present day, Merlin and the guys are all there and remember everything and have made friends etc etc etc. Except Arthur has been transported from the moment before he died and so is still all Kingdomy and dragon fightish. Just read it and have fun, don't think about plot. I lost that long ago. Feel free to comment or send me a message on tumblr = deepspaceniner(.)tumblr(.)com Arthur awoke with a start, that silly computer of Merlin’s was making strange noises. Arthur was actually adapting quite quickly to being in the future thank you very much but not even the once and future king could do everything. The computer beeped again and so Arthur climbed out of bed, where he was supposed to be sleeping off a hangover, and moved towards it. There was a chair in front of the desk with the computer so Arthur sad down in it. All of a sudden he was spinning around and getting far too dizzy for a Monday morning. Arthur jumped out of the chair and prodded the rotating furniture until it was no longer moving. Trying again, he gently sat down whilst holding firmly to the desk. The light from the computer was dimmed but when Arthur accidently moved the clicky thing light flooded the room. Arthur blinked rapidly, not accustomed to the electronic light, and then he remembered watching Merlin and pressed the left button on the clicky thing. Nothing happened, Arthur slid the clicky thing across the desk the way Merlin had and saw the little triangle on the computer move as well. He pressed again and a small circle appeared. Arthur followed it spinning around until a box popped with names. Seeing several of his knights listed, Arthur moved the clicky thing to Gwaine’s name and pushed the button. “Calling, how the devil is this calling Gwaine?” Arthur asked out loud and a ringing noise came from the computer. After a few moments Gwaine’s face appeared, seemingly inside the computer. “What do you want Merlin? I’m already booked to babysit Arthur this afternoon.” The king of Camelot was not to be babysat. That was exactly what Arthur told Gwaine and the other man looked apologetic. “I mean of course Arthur that I promised Merlin I would make sure you weren’t having any trouble.” Gwaine corrected, soothing the blond man’s temper. “Also, how did you work Merlin’s computer by yourself?” Arthur scoffed. “I am not a child Gwaine, I can operate this computer. And let me remind you that you used to call me sire.” Gwaine laughed so much that he nearly fell off his chair. “Look, mate, relax and have fun with your friends not your subjects.” Arthur pouted; if Gwaine was going to be rude then Arthur would just have to remove him from the computer. “What is it you are doing then, mate?” Arthur asked, with a mocking tone. The other man lifted up a thick pile of paper. “I have a fortnight’s paperwork to finish, it’s like signing peace treaties but-” Arthur cut him off with a gesture. “Like signing peace treaties but then nothing different happens.” Merlin had been complaining about it earlier. “You do realise that not everything was invented in the last few hundred years.” Gwaine repeated the line back in a high pitched mocking voice. Arthur just glared. “If you’re such a genius then why don’t you leave?” Gwaine challenged his king. No Pendragon ever backed down from a challenge and so Arthur ended the call. Or at least Arthur tried to exit the call. He had managed to make Gwaine smaller, even to hide him away but he couldn’t stop Gwaine being there. “Just one question, my friend,” Arthur said eventually in a quiet voice as though he was ashamed. Gwaine perked up, enjoying the humiliation. “How do I make it stop?” Chapter 9 : Presents - MCU Summary: The Avengers leave gifts for one of the best men they ever knew. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) None of them knew who started it. There had been no conversation or discussion beforehand, simply a thought shared amongst a group of likeminded people. All of a sudden, a pile of presents appeared outside an unused office in the small hours of a Tuesday morning. Several of the newest recruits, who had been part of the hiring spree after the battle of New York, had questioned the locked room with the blinds pulled down. Each wondering mind was met with enough paperwork to keep them from wondering anymore. The senior agents all knew the truth; the office in the corner was Phil Coulson’s office. More to the point, the office in the corner was still Phil Coulson’s office. Nobody was going to be the first person to disturb the memory of the modest and inspirational man. So when the gifts found their way to the disused office, rumours began to fly. The first present had been placed on Tuesday morning, 3 minutes after midnight. It was a large box wrapped in gaudy red shiny paper and tied with a golden bow. It was obvious who had left it, red and gold wasn’t exactly a subtle pairing, but the puzzle was working out what was in the box. It was a shield, the shield that Howard had designed for Steve before he had chosen the vibranium. It had been taken to New York before the Malibu house had been destroyed and Stark knew where it would be appreciated the most. The second gift had arrived at quarter to one and had been wrapped neatly in white paper covered in assorted calligraphy. It was the size of a watch box and it contained a small hand carved elephant that had been purchased from a market stall in Brooklyn with the reassurance of a short Russian woman who promised it would be perfect for the purpose. At some point between the second and fourth gifts, a long red, white and blue scarf had made its way to the pile. It was hand knitted and had the odd dropped stitch but it looked inviting and warm and homely. Not one person suspected the most dangerous assassin in SHIELD to be capable of using knitting needles for anything other than murder but the scarf proved otherwise. The fourth gift, a full length sharpened Norse sword, had been propped up against the office door. The grip was carved of aged wood and the blade itself had been engraved with the phrase ‘where you recognise evil, speak out against it, and give no truces to your enemies’. The only person stupid enough to touch it had required several stitches. The final gift was a simple pencil sketch in a small wooden frame complete with a signature. It was stood proudly on top of the large red box and it held a picture of a man wearing a suit. The jacket of the suit was ripped open revealing the uniform of Captain America and the shield was being held with pride. The man wasn’t Captain America though; the man in the picture was the bravest hero SHIELD had ever seen. The SHIELD headquarters twittered with gossip and suggestions about what had happened and everyone seemed to have some sort of theory. The only person who didn’t was the only one who had breached the office doors in the months since Coulson’s passing. Hawkeye had never been a fan of doors and so would nest in the vents above his handler’s , his former handler’s office when he needed peace. The day the gifts appeared, Hawkeye dropped down to the office floor and surveyed the miraculously dust free room with a heavy heart. A single Polaroid of two men was placed reverently onto the desk, besides the Captain America coffee mug that Coulson had kept. It showed Coulson and Barton during their mission to Lisbon which had ended up with both men getting sun burnt and looking like a pair of lobsters. “Happy Birthday Phil,” the words came out in a gravelly tone but Hawkeye refused to cry even for the best man he had ever known. With a shallow breath, Hawkeye placed a hand on the chair where Coulson , where Phil had worked and he regretted that he couldn’t think of anything better to give the man. “For he's a jolly good fellow,” Hawkeye sang quietly, afraid someone outside would hear him. He climbed back into the vents and replaced the cover. “For he's a jolly good fellow,” As Barton made his way back to the tower, he forced a smile onto his face and built up his walls. “For he's a jolly good fellow ...” The rest of Avengers were collected in the kitchen, arguing over who would get the last pancake and who drank the last of the coffee. Barton wondered for a split second where they would be without Phil but he stopped himself, walking into the room with the last six words on his breath. “And so say all of us.” Notes: So I went a bit angsty on this one, I would apologise but I really like this one an am proud of it even if I do say so myself. Phil has been my favourite since Iron man because I know a lot of BAMFs who wear suits and carry briefcases but also do really cool stuff. If you want to comment, please do. I won't emotionally blackmail you be saying that it is my birthday today or anything (it actually is though) but feedback is appreciated especially with January exams around the corner See you tomorrow for 'Pump' =) Chapter 10 : Pump - Much Ado Summary: Benedick is at the mercy of the elements and his wife. Benedick is screwed. Notes: This was sort of hard to write but then again i'm very tired and have so much work to do. Have fun, please comment. xxx (I just realised that I am not doing my mechanics homework because I am writing Shakespeare fan fiction. When dd my life become this weird?) The first one he wrote off as his imagination. The second was just a speck of dust, the third a drop of sweat. The fourth demanded his full attention landing directly on top of his head. The fifth, sixth and seventh hit within a second against his ear followed by the eighth and ninth on his shoulder. When the tenth landed at the end of his nose he had to admit that it was indeed hailing and that he was a complete fool. The heavens had opened and tiny, as well as not so tiny, balls of ice repeatedly struck Benedick especially his face and hands which were bare. With his motivation suddenly increase, Benedick got back to work trying to fix the pump in the garden. He did not care whether it worked or sulkily stood broken but Beatrice cared a great deal. Beatrice caring a great deal should have been his motivation but in reality it was the fact that she refused to unlock the door until he had finished and he didn’t have a key. Hesitantly, Benedick lifted the handle of the cast iron pump and shuddered at the ugly rasping sound it made. The sound was off putting but Benedick continued to raise the handle to its full height before pushing it back down. Sounding like an 80 year old who smoked 20 a day, the pump rattled and sputtered coughing up a drizzle of water. With an angry shout Benedick yanked the handle again only to get the same result. The hail had started to grow and it was coming down heavier against Benedick's hands so he continued to pump, hoping that it was just rusty and a bit of elbow grease would do the trick. The dribble of water continued with each pump until it abruptly stopped. Not one to be beaten by a lump of metal, Benedick knelt down beside the mouth and eased the handle down slowly to see if there was a blockage. In retrospect it had not been the wisest decision but he later would argue that his brain was too cold to think and that the blood was needed to protect his internal organs from turning it ice. As any onlooker would expect, a gush of icy water flew from the mouth of the pump and hit against Benedick's face like a ton of brick. He wanted to jump backwards but his reactions were slowed by the cold and he ended up falling back to the ground with a delayed yelp. Puling himself upright, Benedick gave another couple of pumps to ensure that the event had not been a fluke and then he wrapped his hands around the cold metal until they were almost blue. When he was satisfied he went back up to the house and kicked at the door until Beatrice opened the door. “Don’t you dare,” Beatrice said, eyeing her husband and his suspiciously innocent face. Benedick frowned. “Dare to do what my dear?” he asked as though he had nothing to hide. “Dare to do this?” he lunged at his wife and wrapped his hands round her back causing her to squeak in surprise. Benedick slept on the floor for a week, it would have been more but Beatrice cared a great deal about the pump at the bottom of the garden and also it wasn’t as fun teasing him if he was far away. Chapter 11 : Road - Sherlock Summary: Sherlock and John had a case in the white rose county Notes: I am sorry this is like half an hour late but I was busy making cookies. I am now going to sleep for 5 hours and try not to have cookie themed nightmares. Simrah I will see you in the morning The case had been a 6, maybe a 6.3. It certainly wasn't good enough to warrant having driven all the way to Yorkshire. It felt unclean just saying the name of the northern county. People from 'the north' were even less intelligent than those from London and the weather was even more miserable. The only high point was that John had had lots of excuses to wear his jumpers and not look daft. Of course not even the promise of beige wool woven into cables cod make up for the fact that they were in traffic and had been in traffic for the last 4 hours. "It's the snow," John had explained as they moved forwards other half metre. Sherlock have his flat mate a confused look. "This amount of snow could not block a motorway, the road is too warm John," Sherlock said slowly as if talking to a child, or Lestrade. "Fine, it's the people who are convinced that the snow will settle and that they will end up freezing to death in their cars," John corrected himself, sighing and checking that there was no chance of movement anytime soon. "This is why I take the tube." Sherlock announced moodily as he drew patterns with the condensation on the windows. With an exasperated roll of his eyes John reminded the consulting detective that the tube didn't to to Yorkshire. Apparently that was a fact Sherlock did know and to prove it he began to list every connection the the London Underground did take including holidays and special events from the last two decades. Deciding that the sound of Sherlock prattling on would not improve his mood, John turned on the radio. The first station was some form of sporting event but after three minutes Sherlock informed him of the final score and so he changed station. BBC 1 seemed to be the safest choice, Sherlock could pretend to hate the music whilst secretly tapping along. Except the only thing that was playing was Christmas songs. John was no Grinch but the was only so much Mariah Carey a man could take. With yet another round of the twelve days of Christmas, John noticed that Sherlock was no longer making remarks. The lanky detective had instead curled up, resting his head against the window, and was mouthing along with his eyes closed. John tried not to laugh, he really really tried. It was just the way that the detective's dark curls dangled around his face and the way he hadn't missed a single lyric despite being almost asleep. John decided that it was safe enough to take his phone out and snapped a picture. "Send it to Anderson and I will do an experiment in your room," Sherlock threatened in between verses of Let it Snow. John forced back his shoulders and saluted. "Of course not sir, not Anderson." Sherlock seemed content for a moment but then he startled upright and opened his eyes. "Who?" He asked, poking John's leg. The soldier just chucked. "Let's just say you don't need to buy your brother a present this year." Chapter 12 : Tree - Agents of SHIELD Summary: Fitz walk in on Jemma's mad chemistry and has no idea what is happening. “Well that’s clearly an aldehyde.”Fitz walked into the lab on the Bus and saw Jemma coating the inside of a glass flask with a metallic fluid. “I know. I mean, I already knew that,” She looked flustered and a little guilty as she poured out the excess liquid. “Then why do the test?” he asked, picking up a stopper and throwing it from hand to hand. There was no response but her cheeks were bright red. “Jemma?” “Because it is really rather aesthetically pleasing,” She looked intently at the flask, as though the mirrored surface held the answer to all of life’s questions, before setting it down carefully. Fitz tilted his head to the side “Because it’s pretty” “Well Skye was talking about a Christmas tree and I have nothing to put on the tree so I thought I would make a bauble and I was thinking about Christmas trees and chemistry and then it hit me” She was talking particularly quickly and gesturing with her hands so much she nearly knocked over a burette. “What did?” He didn’t understand what she meant but she was obviously enthusiastic. “A chemist tree” Her eyes were wide with excitement as she waited for him to react. He scrunched up his nose, she was mad. “A chemist tree?” She nodded vigorously, “Yeah, a clamp stand with loads of flasks attached with different reactions with different colours that would look like baubles.” Fitz was silent. “You think it’s a bad idea? You’re right, I mean Coulson would probably hate it, and May” Her face dropped and she went pale thinking about what they would say. “No, no,” She ignored his protests and began to clear up her station. He moved around and stood between her and the baubles she had already made. “No Jemma, it’s an amazing idea.” She perked up. “Really, Fitz, you’re just saying that?” He frowned. “No, really. Although.” She huffed. “I knew it.” He shook his head, “If you let me finish, you could as a second clamp stand and double the space to fit things on.” The grin on her face was huge and she lunged forward and hugged him. “Right, you go get a clamp stand; I’ll fetch some copper sulphate.” Chapter 13 : Mince Pies - The Hobbit Summary: It is winter in the Shire an Bilbo has some baking to do. Notes: This is sadder than I intended and I apologise but baking! and if you squint a little but of Barduil He made them every year, of course he did. What kind of self respecting hobbit didn’t make mince pies at Yuletide? He used a very old family recipe although, because he was rather an adventurous Hobbit, added some extra clove and nutmeg that had not been included originally. He baked so many little pies that they covered every spare inch of his home. Even his armchair had a plate preventing him from sitting down. He didn’t mind though. He always felt happy at Yuletide and baking was one of his favourite things to do after eating and going on adventures. Mixing up dried fruits in the beige bowl that was older than he was, rubbing together flour and butter, every single step of the process filled him with joy. The taste was an afterthought, a respected and fully embraced afterthought, but it wasn’t him that would be eating most of them. All ten dwarves who had accompanied him on their quest were invited to drop by and would leave weighed down with baked goods of all manner. Their visits were never as boisterous as their first meeting, not without Fili and Kili to liven things up but they had plenty of memories to share. Balin would always make some wise comment, not unlike something Gandalf might say, that would have Bilbo pondering the universe for days after. Bifur wouldn’t say anything at all but he would always leave a little gift or toy that he had carved as a token. For those who couldn’t make it to the Shire, Bilbo would send food to them. Bard was the recipient of a fruit cake, stuffed with all manner of berries and cherries and nuts before being regularly fed with the best rum money could buy. He never sent out a cake that was less than a year old and so by the time it got to Bard it was probably mostly alcohol. For the Bardlings, Bilbo sent ginger biscuits in star shapes with icing and candied peel. It wouldn’t do to get the children drunk. Although, according to a letter sent back from Bard, Sigrid often swapped her cookie for a piece of cake cut for the Elf King Thranduil when he came to wish the town of Dale well. By the end of Yuletide, most of Bilbo’s baking had either been sent away eaten, save for a single plate with two mince pies on it. Snow lay on the ground outside and there was a roaring fire so Bilbo just sat in his chair and thought about his year and the years before that. Most of all he thought about the people who were in his life and those who weren’t anymore. He looked to the mantelpiece where the contract was placed, reminding him of dragons and mountains and of Thorin, Thorin who he missed unspeakably. He had changed everything and Bilbo wanted to tell him that. But reminiscing was for Yuletide and it was nearly over. The Hobbit ate one of the pies and then put the other in the fire. He knew Thorin would never be able to eat his mince pie, but that didn’t stop Bilbo from baking it. Chapter 14 : Gifts - NCIS Summary: Tony has the perfect gift for Ziva. Notes: I refuse to accept that Ziva left so just imagine she came back because I said so and it is cuter that way. Also I am not Jewish and have have celebrated Hanukkah as many times as I have celebrated Christmas (zero) so please tell me if I have gotten something wrong. Enjoy It had been in Ducky’s desk drawer for weeks. He knew that Ziva would look in his apartment and his desk and McGee’s but she respected the medical examiner too much to snoop through his things. It sat inside a dark green velvet case and was wrapped in silver paper with a bow that had taken three tries to get right. Tony had found it in a jewelry store when he went to collect the rings for senior’s wedding. Whilst the woman behind the counter had been finding the right rings, he had glanced over the case and something had caught his eye. It was a necklace, a loop with a Hebrew phrase engraved along it. The metal was brushed so as to not shine and it was all in all rather simple. He bought it without a second thought. Once he had returned home he had looked up the engraving. It was a scripture and he couldn’t have possibly put his feelings for Ziva better, not if he quoted every movie in the world. The necklace was wrapped that evening and given to Ducky the next day. He was waiting until the time was right, for an opportunity to present itself. When she invited the team to celebrate the last day of Hanukkah with her it seemed perfect, after all he would be expected to bring a guest for the host. Before leaving the navy yard he called into autopsy and collected the gift from Ducky who was wonderfully excited that he would be giving it to Ziva rather than letting it gather dust. Tony put it in his bag and headed to his car to drive to Ziva’s house. Having arrived, he sat in the car for a good five minutes, wondering if it was really such a good idea. She had come back from Israel changed. He loved her but he didn’t want to press too hard and risk damaging their relationship. Then he remembered how it felt when they were together, that kiss, those words. He pulled himself together and went to knock on the door. She welcomed him with open arms, something she did more recently, and took his coat. The house smelt of doughnuts and latkes and Tony followed her to the kitchen to see a veritable feast laid out on the table. “It was my mother’s recipe” she explained, looking a touch guilty, “I never learned to make it in a smaller batch.” Tony shook his head ant declared it perfect as she removed the last latke from the oil and turned off the stove. Gibbs, Abby, McGee and Ducky were already in the lounge and Tony and Ziva joined them. Ziva lit the candles on the Hanukkiyah and recited the blessings as the team watched. They then managed to lose all their chocolate gelt that Ziva had provided to Ducky who seemed to be disturbingly good at spinning the dreidel. Having won his chocolate bounty, the Englishman retired first, followed by Gibbs. McGee and Abby were sent on their way with leftover latkes leaving Tony and Ziva alone. He helped her to wash up, despite her protests that he was her guest, and tidy up. Once they were relaxed on the sofa with a glass of wine he took out his gift and presented it to her. She looked suspicious but that was simply ninja paranoia. She smiled as she unwrapped the paper and opened the box. “It is very beautiful,” she said carefully, lifting it from the case. “Do you know what it says?” Tony nodded and took it from her to clasp around her neck. “Say it Tony, please.” He gently placed one hand on her cheek and leaned closer until their foreheads were touching. “I have found the one whom my soul loves.” Chapter 15 : Harder - Brooklyn 99 Summary: Jake makes fun of Santiago for something she says. It got out of hand. (Title if their sex tape) Notes: This was inspired by my wonderful friend Sophie. She actually said the line in question although she was a bit quicker on the uptake. The moment has now been immortalised in fic. Thanks Sophie. "Oh God Jake, why?" Amy hung her head in shame as she saw her boyfriend. He looked up from his position handcuffed to the desk leg and grinned. "No way Santiago, that was all your fault." 24 hours earlier "I only have two settings, hard and harder." Jake spat out a mouthful of coffee and soaked his shirt. "Title of our sex tape," he was beaming with pride despite the hot liquid burning his skin. Amy just raised an eyebrow. "I'm serious, when it comes to giving secret Santa presents I go hard or go home." Jake then realised that she hadn't heard what she said. "Sure, hard or harder, got it." Amy smirked, happy to have gotten her point across. The ideas flooded his mind. It was too perfect to ignore.He spent the entire night planning, every detail accounted for. It was more work than he would do for any case but it was worth it. There was no way he could let Amy get away with saying something like that without taking advantage (in a loving and supportive manner.) The next morning he arrived at the precinct before Santiago and set up his desk. He borrowed a weight from Terry that he could lift about three times before passing out and he had a coffee that was so strong it made his eyes water. When Amy arrived he grabbed the weight and hoisted it in the air. "48, 49, 50. Oh hey Amy," his smile was too wide to be sincere and she seemed suspicious but she didn't say anything. She sniffed at his coffee and recoiled. "What is that?" She asked with a shiver. He pretended to be confused. "Oh, the coffee? Six shots of espresso, a redbull and a touch of protein powder." She frowned. "What are you up to Peralta?" Santiago tried to look for whatever he had planted on her desk or her chair. He had to be doing something. He just smiled innocently and took a sip of the coffee flavoured nuclear byproduct. "When it comes to police work I only have two settings Santiago; hard and harder." For the rest of the day Jake continued to follow his "hard or harder" attitude, complete with sliding over the bonnet of the car, eating a lemon and crushing a can in his hand (cutting himself in the process) Santiago didn't seem to catch on, no matter how many times he said it, and presumed he was mocking her proactive, organised efficiency. Unfortunately the caffeine set once Jake was sat down doing paperwork. Amy was interrogating a suspect whilst Jake supposedly filed the report but he was hyper and kept walking in circles around his desk chewing on a plastic pipe and pretending to be Sherlock Holmes. Eventually Terry had handcuffed him to the desk when he started talking about going for a quick fly from the balcony. When Santiago returned to see him marginally calmer she was confused but not exactly surprised. "How is this my fault?" She demanded, pulling the report from under his keyboard. "It was too funny to ignore." Again she asked what he meant. "I onlyhave two settings; hard or harder." At that point Boyle walked past and pouted. "I thought Captain Holt banned penis jokes on duty." Santiago looked utterly lost until she ran it back in her head. "that's not what I meant and you know it." Chapter 16 : Deadlines - Merlin Summary: Merlin has an essay due and her friends are determined to help her out. Notes: This is a gift for Simrah who likes merlin being the little sister to the rest of the knights but does not like writing essays. This is a reward for finishing her own essay and also for putting up with me for another year. Also, I WILL finish this year. Or die trying. We'll see how it goes. Merlin looked at the paragraph she had just typed, read through it carefully, then angrily deleted it. The essay was the last thing she had to do before the holiday and she just wanted to get started with Christmas already. She’d been working on her essay for hours and nothing sounded write. Every time she had tried to sit down and work on it she’d either been distracted or lacked inspiration. That left her wanting to pull her hair out at 2 in the morning knowing that she had exactly 15 hours to source, write, proof and reference the essay that would make up roughly 20% of her final grade. The rest of them all knew the torture of essays and they felt sympathy. Merlin loved celebrating and she hadn’t even had time to do any Christmas shopping because she had been so stressed about her deadlines. On the odd occasion, she did emerge from her room she looked exhausted and tense, focused purely on getting the piece finished. As they watched her go to the kitchen and angrily eat a hobnob before storming bac to her room they knew they had to do something to help the poor girl out. Gwaine, of all people, made her eat something that resembled actual food. He knew that Merlin had a habit of fuelling herself with artificial flavourings and preservatives mixed with sugar. Whilst he was not one to judge he also knew that real food was occasionally necessary and he took Merlin an especially crisp apple he’d picked out at the farmer’s market as well as a sandwich. He left them on her desk rather than risk interrupting her progress but he left her room feeling both proud and a little disgusted at the same time. Leon, despite being the mother of the group, understood that students facing a deadline were not the same as normal human beings. He brought her two 1 litre bottles of coke, one cherry and the other vanilla, and then retreated until she was finished. Once she had submitted the essay he would make her drink water and sleep and breath but there was no point wasting precious effort on her when she was still working. Every time she got stuck or lost her train of thought Lancelot would magically appear, say something inspiring and then disappear again. He was her own private cheerleader, infusing her with enough energy to beat those sources into submission. At one point, she was sure he actually had pom-poms but when she confronted him later he convinced her it was just her exhausted mind playing tricks on her. (The photographic evidence was one of her Christmas presents and were displayed proudly on the fridge) Arthur proof read her finished essay, picking out the rushed typos and missing words. He could tell how tired Merlin was by the fact that her eyes were glazing over and unfocused. Once he had found the mistakes he helped her correct them, being careful not to accidently change the meaning of her essay and risk her wrath once she got a bad mark. Elyan took the printed-out essay, swore to protect it with his life, and then went all the way to her department to hand in the physical copy. She’d already submitted the online version and they rest of them had agreed that if they let her go herself she would probably get run over or lost or simply fall asleep on her way there. Despite the two bottles of coke, various bags of sweets and a lot of adrenaline Merlin fell asleep almost instantly. She’d sat down next to Perceval for a moment and conked out the next. Her friend didn’t even try to move her, just pulled the blanket from the back of the sofa over her and let her try to make up for the sleep she had lost. Chapter 17 : Gingerbread - Star Wars Summary: Baked goods are people too Notes: DO NOT FEED CATS GINGERBREAD. NO. DON'T DO IT (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The kitchen staff of the ship was a very helpful and very talented group. One of their lesser known talents was baking. It was a time of celebration in the First Order and it had been decided that there should be a show of holiday spirit to boost morale. They found a recipe for a spiced biscuit that some cultures used as a sort of edible building material. It took a lot of effort and a lot of sugar but eventually they had made a scale replica of the ship. They also made small humanoid figures that were decorated to look like Storm Troopers to hand out at the event. Kylo Ren had stumbled upon the masterpiece when he raided the kitchen one night. He was somewhat impressed by the ship and the troopers but it was the figure to the side that caught his attention. The piece was 6 inches tall, the wrong size for the ship but still small enough for Ren to slip it away from the display. Mitaka was shaking when he went to pass the message onto the General. If it had been anything else, he would have just told them to bake a replacement but he had a bad feeling that the figure hadn’t walked off unaided. “You are telling me that someone on this ship has stolen a piece of whatever it is, and that I should be concerned?” Mitaka gulped and got on with it “Someone stole you Sir. Or rather a gingerbread replica of you.” Hux did not groan and flop into his seat, not until he’d dismissed Mitaka at least. Once the man had explained it all there was little doubt in his mind who had taken the biscuit. Literally. There were a dozen storm troopers on the bridge, holding armfuls of shiny red and green foil strands and a roll of tape. They seemed to be moving quickly to distribute the lengths along the control stations and doorways. Even the troopers by the door had pieces draped around their necks like scarves. Kylo Ren was stood casually, with something propped up on his shoulder, overseeing the work. Hux was furious, his precious beauty being covered in trashy decorations, and stormed over. As he approached he saw that it was the gingerbread figure on Ren’s shoulder. He had to admit that it was a fantastic likeness and that it captured his authority. The troopers stopped dead when he saw him, stared for several long seconds and then looked at the figure. “Why are you defacing my ship?” Hux asked, raising an eyebrow. The trooper closest took a moment and then began spilling the beans. “Sir, Lord Ren Sir, he said that you were. That is to say” His helmet masked his confession and a blur of feedback and then froze again. Hux looked at the Knight of Ren who was so obviously smirking under his mask. “Did Lord Ren inform you that I had been attacked by an alien weapon of some form and transformed into a small figurine?” The troopers all nodded slowly. “Did he imply that he was able to interpret my thoughts using the force and that this was my wish?” another nod. Hux internally sighed, then externally sighed, and dismissed them to go find something better to do. “Why?” Hux asked, turning back to Ren who had removed his helmet and was now holding the tiny General. The knight shrugged. Hux scowled and held out his hand, demanding the replica back. Ren looked from the biscuit to the man and lifted the biscuit to his mouth Hux flushed. “Hand it over Ren, I swear if you...” The snap of the biscuit seemed unbelievably loud as Ren bit it off and chewed it. Hux stood observing the demise of his replica and somehow bothered enough to note it as a mercifully swift death. Ren wiped a crumb from his face and leaned close to the general. “You know General,” he grinned, “I do like a bit of spicy ginger this time of the year.” The Knight stepped back, replaced his helmet and left with the rest of the biscuit leaving Hux to stand and watch. The next day, Kylo received a holo-recording. It had been left in his room with no label. He watched it in horror as a familiar style replica of himself was shown. Gloved hands snapped off a foot first, then the other. It progressed until all that was left of the mini knight was and torso and head. Ren relaxed, thinking it was finished, only to let out an audible gasp as the biscuit was tossed onto the floor and pounced upon by a furry ginger blur. Once the threat had been neutralised, the cat slunk off purring very loudly. The recording flipped to a smirking general who sipped a mug of tea and then pointed out that ‘ginger can be a lot hotter than you expect.” Kylo definitely agreed. Notes: I am sorry. I know it reads a little rushed and crap but just focus on the image of them both murdering gingerbread copies of the other. Chapter 18 : Television - Narnia Summary: a Modern Narnia AU with the siblings all home for the holidays Notes: This is unapologetically British with some references that might not make much sense to others but I don't care. The first night they all sat together and watched the Strictly Come Dancing finals. It was a firm family tradition and nothing had ever stopped them. Even that one year when Ed was in hospital because he had just had surgery to put a plate in his leg. The rest of them had simply crowded around his bed and they watched it on an iPad. Safely in their own house, takeaway pizza had been ordered, eaten and tea had been made. In order to avoid missing anything they caught the last ten minutes of Pointless. As soon as is started everyone shut up and focussed. They had all made bets on who they thought was going to win and the collected pile of chocolate coins was piled seductively on the mantelpiece. There was a lot of screaming, and cushion hugging, and Lucy slapping Peter enthusiastically whenever Oti was on screen. They barely heard the judges’ comments because they were all far too opinionated even though none of them had much experience. When they were saying goodbye to Len, everyone went very quiet. It would be different the next year and none of them were overly fond of people leaving. When Ore won, Susan bowed and collected her winnings, peeling back the foil on one and eating it slowly so as to extend her taunting over the others. Edmund got fed up and threw a cushion at her. There was a long, stagnant pause and then Susan picked it up and started moving towards him. Peter sided with Susan but Lucy decided to stick up for her brother. There was a lot of pain but more giggling so by the time they all crawled into their beds peace was restored. The next day they split up. Ed was working in his room, watching the Olympia highlights at the same time as he finished some reading he had to do for his course. Susan caught up on the apprentice, mentally taking notes about how she was better than all of them and how her company would never stoop so low as to hire any of them. She didn’t bother to watch it every week but she wanted to be prepared for the final Peter and Lucy had started by watching Mock the Week and then Have I got New for You. It was agreed that they couldn’t all watch it at the same time because they would end up disagreeing other something and having an argument and miss most if it. Once they had run out of good comedy, Peter moved over to the kitchen. He had been getting more and more into cooking and Christmas kitchen was his new favourite. Being busy at work all the time meant that he rarely had the time to indulge and he intended to make the most of his chance. If he wasn’t actively baking, then he was sat flicking through cooking blogs with Food Network on in the background. Lucy continued her holiday theme but she didn’t bother with what was on TV. She went straight to the video cupboard and pulled out Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone. There was something undeniably Christmassy about the film, partly because of the seasonal part of the movie but also the fact that without doubt ITV would play the whole series through before New Year’s. She would watch a film each day and then after Christmas start on Lord of the Rings. The smell of herbs and meat brought them all to the kitchen where Peter was placing a large pot of stew on the table. As much as they joked about him being the dad of the group he did have a knack for taking care of people. They ate and talked and laughed and when the meal was finished they let Peter sit and dictate as they washed up. Evening television was ignored for the most part, it could all be watched on catch-up in the morning anyway. Instead they sat around the fire and told stories of long ago times, of things that once might have been. Susan was sent off to find their mother’s old copy of the Hobbit. The book was old and slightly dulled with age but it had been well loved. In the build up to Christmas each year they would gather and read aloud, sharing the adventure one more time. Lucy loved being back home with her family but sometimes she wished she could be out there. There was little chance it would snow at all that year, and if it did it wouldn’t be enough. Rather than complain, she soothed her urges listening to Susan’s calm voice telling the tale of a hobbit in a hole and a dragon and a company of dwarves. If she happened to fall asleep in the living room it was inconsequential. She did it every year, and every year she woke up in her own bed because Peter carried her up the way he had done since she was a small child. Nobody mentioned that she was 18 and that she should know better. After all, it was tradition. Chapter 19 : Scavenge - The Man from UNCLE Summary: The gang are working over the holiday but that isnt going to stop them having fun. Notes: Almost late but not midnight yet. Enjoy. Comment. Have fun. They were on a mission. Somehow they ended up running towards the outskirts of the town where there was an old scrapyard. Gaby became somewhat distracted. It was a wonderland of goodies and she wanted to explore. She liked to touch. Fixing cars allowed her to feel the universe, to understand it. The next night she wanted to go back but Napoleon pointed out that the should return to the scene of the crime. Instead they promised she could go the night before they had to leave. When they did go back, Gaby was prepared. She had a list, an actual shopping list, of things she wanted for cars she was working on or that she wanted to find one day. Waiting for the boys was frustrating but she put up with it because it meant she had someone to hold her torch. For an hour they followed her around as she dashed between cars and piles of scrap metal and picked out parts that she might never find again. To commemorate the occasion, Solo baked sugar cookies in the shape of spanners and packed them along with a bottle of wine for a mid scavenge picnic. He mostly observed as Gaby got her hands dirty, climbing about like a baboon, but he could see how much she was enjoying herself. Eventually the cold started to seep in through their coats and snow started to fall so they packed up and headed back to the hotel. They flew back the next day. How she carried so many items out in her handbag they did not know but Gaby carried the bag as though it weighed nothing. When she finally unpacked she just pulled out one after the other and laid them out in the garage with a huge grin on her face. The next time they were on a mission over Christmas, Illya knew exactly what he wanted to do. He trawled the city until he found a metal yard and made a deal with the owner to let them in after dark. Some times there were large operations, other times it was just a large pile of junk on the corner of the street but Illya always found a place, Napoleon always fed them up and Gaby always managed to find something of value. It didn't happen every year, only when they were away from home. It was a Christmas present to themselves and none of them cared that it wasn't professional. If they couldn't have a proper holiday then they would damn well be making the most of it. Chapter 20 : Films - Check Please Summary: The gang is having a sleepover and decides to watch a movie, but not just any movie. Notes: This is based on the wonderful day I spent today with my Squad. Love you all so much Also bonus point to anyone who know what film they're watching. There was a shape on the floor, underneath a fleece blanket. It was white, with green and blue spots and the figure beneath it was making pained noises. “Not crying,” the shape cried, “not crying.” The others in the room all rolled their eyes and Lardo reached out with a socked foot to stroke what she assumed was a head. “It is a very emotional movie,” the artist agreed, only partly watching the couple on screen. Bitty and Shitty were stood at opposite ends of the room. Both men were looking serious even though they were in pyjamas and Bitty was even stretching lightly in preparation. Jack had his phone out to record the special occasion. The music began and the blanket shape sobbed loudly as Shitty stepped forward. Shitty was not extremely similar in looks to a teenage girl but he was more than capable of singing like one. It was impressive how well he knew the lyrics but possibly more impressive was the pained look of a broken heart in his eyes. Bitty was stood with a vaguely confused look on his face. At first Jack had worried that his boyfriend didn’t know the film as well as he said he did but he gradually realised it was actually a rather good impression of the character. Shitty began to sing. There was so much passion and dedication that the rest of them just sat and stared. Blanket shape cried a little louder. Bitty was reacting beautifully, reaching out with a hand as though he could grasp the older man’s love. When Bitty started singing Jack had to hold back a laugh. Bitty sang all the time and it was always adorable but there was never quite so much passion as there was in that moment. The men met in the middle of the room, never missing a beat, and sang in each other’s faces the way only movie couples ever could. Lardo had given up attempting to soothe the blanket and instead started mouthing along with the stuffed duck she had been using as a pillow. When the song was over Bitty and Shitty separated. The shorter man went to his boyfriend and curled up beside him whilst the taller sat on the floor beside the blanket. “Still not crying,” the blanket shape announced. Holster placed a cookie near the blanket’s head and patted him reassuringly on the shoulder, purposefully ignoring the trails of tears running down his cheeks. Later, once the film had ended and everyone had eaten far too much sugar and they were lying around the room half asleep the blanket pulled back slightly. Ransom blinked owlishly up at Holster and then moved closer to him. “I just hate watching them break up.” The blond nodded and made quiet coos of agreement. “I mean, standing on the bridge, and giving back the necklace.” He tugged the blanket back up. “Wanna do the junkyard scene tomorrow?” Ransom grinned, lifted up the blanket and pulled it over Holster as well. As if he had to ask. Chapter 21 : Cake - Kingsman Summary: The agency has an official Christmas party. Then it has an unofficial one. Notes: Enjoy, comment, go eat cake. Whilst you technically can get drunk from many christmas foods you'd probably throw up long before you were actually drunk. If you are drinking as well however then it can creep up on you. Or so my research has told me. It was a very reserved Christmas. They had a classy secret santa, with most exchanges being either items from the store front or various types of ammunition. A CD of classical music was being played and there was a selection of food on the table that had been brought in from a caterer. Small talk was had around the unspoked punch bowl and it ended quickly. The unofficial party was far more interesting. A large, heavy Christmas tin was placed in the table. The smell of rich alcohol and dark sugars invaded the room as the lid was removed and a huge wheel of cake was removed. “Are we not giving you enough work to do?” Eggsy was stood slicing the cake and he scoffed at the question. “Most of this was done before I even heard of Kingsmen.” Harry rose an eyebrow; he hadn’t expected the response. “Bruv, I started soaking the fruit a year before I baked the cake. Then I’ve been feeding it for another year.” Harry looked at the piece of cake and took a bite. The fruit was sharp and sweet, backed up with a hit of rich Christmassy spirits. The cake itself was firm but not dry. It reminded him of the sort of cake his parents insisted on when he was a child. On top of the cake was a layer of marzipan and then neat royal icing. The unbelievable combination of expensive fruit, citrusy liquor and rich sugar screamed Christmas. “I didn’t know you could bake.” The boy shrugged and cut himself a small piece. “My Nan taught me, but this is the only thing I can do. Saved up every year to by all of the fruit and then pinched a shot of rum once a fortnight from the kitchen.” He seemed rather proud of himself. As a child, he had hated the taste but had found the process to be magical and he missed his Nan. Merlin went back to the cake and took another piece. He was impressed with the cake and noticed that he wasn’t the only one. Roxy had a piece on a plate that she appeared to be dissecting it. “I don’t like marzipan.” She announced when he raised an eyebrow at her. He rolled his eyes and sat down beside her. He peeled the royal icing from his own piece and exchanged it for her marzipan. The almond flavour was preferable to the sweet icing and he was used to dealing with children. The principle of rehydrating dried fruit with alcohol was familiar to Harry, as was that of preserving cake with alcohol to keep it moist and flavourful. Somehow he forgot to realise that pouring alcohol in every fortnight for a year meant that there was alcohol in it. The assembled food spread included home-made brandy butter, brandy sauce and booze soaked trifle. It was a miracle that nobody hatched a plan to take over the world the next day because everyone was very, very hungover - except Merlin, but that's Scots for you. Chapter 22 : Shopping - Rogue One Summary: The crew of Rogue One go on a supply run. Notes: Sort of spoilers. Nothing really story related EXCEPT for the end notes, so skip those if you haven't seen the film yet (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, a group of rebels wandered into ASDA in the middle of the night. Immediately they split up, some rushing off to seek out precious cargo and others moving methodically across the store. K2so had a complicated arrangement involving the location of the aisles and the when was the most efficient time to collect the frozen food if there was a long queue at the check out. It was his fault they were leaving in the middle of the night, so that there would be fewer people in the store and thus they would have free reign. Jyn was fairly speedy. She’s spent a lot of time living with military types ever since she went to live with Saw and ‘proper food’ was rarely high priority. Into her basket went processed junk food and things with so many chemicals that they would probably still be good the next Christmas. Bodhi wandered around, looking at everything, and then picking the things he liked. Often he would pick up two different items, study them carefully, and the put one back. He had only one type of everything and he wasn’t quick. Cassian followed Bodhi and picked up everything Bodhi put back. He wanted to celebrate with his family and it was the time for extravagance. He knew that Bodhi hadn’t always been able to have as much choice or as much freedom so Cassian made sure he got to have what he wanted. His own additions to the haul was traditional family food. He liked to cook family dishes with love and warmth. Chirrut was wandering around, using his special mystic shopping powers to somehow always pick up the item with the longest date on it. The choicest fruit and vegetables were mystically He had a sweet tooth and a lot sweets found their way into the trolley but Baze said nothing. Baze walked behind them all, the only one remembering to buy the peculiar things like bread and milk and vegetables. Despite his size and reputation, he was also a foodie. There was something peaceful about collecting ingredients and transforming them into magnificent plates of food that could sustain people. He was also following a very, very strict list from Mon Motha who was in charge of the company Christmas dinner. She was on a Delia binge and had recipes she wanted to try. They all met back at the checkout and once they had paid, causing havoc for the poor woman on the till at that hour, they returned to the van. Whilst Baze and Chirrut did often bike around, they had also invested in a minivan as it was the easiest way to move around with the children. They were dads but they were also cool dads. Everyone fought over where they were sitting and if everything was in the van. Once they were home, everyone disappeared with the task of unpacking at hand. K2SO put away the frozen and chilled foods because he knew exactly how unhygienic it was to leave things out. Once the perishables were away, Chirrut persuaded Baze that the rest could be left. There was much better unpacking to be done upstairs anyway. Notes: AND NONE OF THEM DIE. Baze and Chirrut are happily married vegan bikers who just look out for the 'children' K2SO, Jyn, Bodhi and his boyfriend Cassian. Chapter 23 : Gala - Batman v Superman Summary: Bruce Wayne hosts a Christmas Gala, then he celebrates Christmas properly with the people he loves Notes: OT4 if you squint, not if you don't. The gala was very overstated. A lot of people were wearing red and gold and dark green and Bruce stood out in a classy black suit and fake grin. Diana was classy as always, making small talk with people wand blowing them all away. Lois and Clark had separated to cover as much of the party as possible. Claiming her role as the senior reporter Lois was the one sniffing out interesting stories whilst Clark was in charge of making notes of who had arrived with who and also making sure Lois got canapes. At one point Bruce had to give a speech and the three of them were stood around counting every clichéd reference he included. It wasn’t the worst audience because many were employees but it was still all formal and fancy. “Stay the night.” Bruce suggested, fairly sure that everyone else had gone home already and that they would have the place to themselves. “I have to write up the story and check the photos.” Lois would really rather have stayed but she really did have work to do before the morning. “Then come home tomorrow.” Christmas day was spent with Martha, because Martha was the warmest and sweetest human being on the planet. Clark was in charge of ‘driving’ though so they didn’t exactly have to set off early. It would be no more difficult to set off from Bruce’s place either. She told her fiancée about the offer as they went back to their constantly cold apartment and he agreed. That evening, although it was really early morning, they sat in near silence typing up their articles. It was far too late to drink coffee if they wanted to get any sleep but they were both drinking it anyway to get to their deadlines. When they were both finally done and they had submitted their pieces, they collapsed into bed and chased the few precious hours they had left. Perry had generously agreed to let them both have Christmas day off so Christmas eve was tense in the office. They wanted to try and get as much done as possible but also to get off early so that they could get to their plans. Eventually everything was wrapped up and they dashed out before anyone could give them anything else to do. Alfred opened the door and welcomed them, taking their lightly frosted coats and ushering them through to the kitchen. There they were greeted with the most festive sight of Bruce Wayne wearing a penguin apron over a onesie and slicing vegetables. Diana was perched on top of a counter, wearing footie pyjamas with a glass of wine in hand and humming along merrily to the radio. She quickly poured another glass for her fellow woman and made space for her on the counter. Clark was then sent to work with Bruce and provide food for them. Dinner was sublime, as it always was when the two men cooked. They ate in front of the fire and put a movie on, Indiana Jones because it was Lois’s turn to pick. Someone put another film on once the first was finished and Diana went to fetch popcorn. Clark followed with hot chocolate and Bruce pulled out a bottle of whiskey and added a dash to each mug. One by one they fell asleep on the oversized sofa, wrapped in blankets and curled around whoever was closest. At midnight Bruce woke them all up as eager as a small child, and they exchanged Christmas presents since it was technically Christmas day. When the gifts had been handed out they put on another film and fell asleep once again. Clark and Lois had to leave in the morning, after a breakfast of mostly coffee, taking the other’s gifts for Martha and promising to come back for New Year’s Eve. Chapter 24 : Shooting Star - Harry Potter Summary: Luna and Neville go star gazing, see and shooting star, and make a wish. Just not necessarily in that order Notes: This is the last fic,very soon it will be Christmas and everyone can be happy and celebrate and I can watch Christmas Bake Off and Call the Midwife and wear pyjamas all day. Thank you for joining my on wha has been an usually long advent and I hope you all have the very best of holidays. PS feel free to leave a comment under the tree for me x PPS this is the first time I have written HP fic, having only read it recently. I hope I did it justice, Luna was lying on her back, looking up at the dark night sky and smiling serenely. It was cold but clear and the stars were putting on their best for their admirers. Neville had brought a blanket and a selection of picnic food in a blanket and then he had let her lead him to a secluded spot that had the best views in Britain. “Look Neville, make a wish.” She pointed up at a light that was moving across the sky slowly. “I think it’s a muggle aeroplane, not a shooting star” Neville countered, squinting to get a better look. Luna laughed, a sound that reminded him of bells and twinkling stars. “Why would you wish on a shooting star?” she asked? Neville couldn’t give her an answer. “What if I want to wish for a shooting star?” Again, Neville was unable to answer. He’d not given it a lot of thought. He had always wished on shooting stars as a child, wishing with all his heart for his parents to get better. As he got older he became more and more aware of the fact that his parents would probably never be the parents he dreamed of but he still wished for their conditions to improve and for them to be happy. Then he met Luna. She was unbelievably honest and kind hearted, he’d never seen her be spiteful or cruel and she’d never mocked a single person. Several times she had gone to visit his parents with him and she always sat down and had treated them exactly as she did everyone else. He still wished for his parents to be safe and happy, but he thought that maybe, especially if it was a very big aeroplane, then he could have two wishes. He wished as well that Luna would never stop being herself, and that she would continue having faith even when the rest of the world started to lose it. “Just think of all the people going to spend the holidays with their families.” Luna pointed out, humming happily and tracing the path of the plane, her hands dancing in the air. He nodded, understanding the pull, and power, of family. “So, make a wish?” He agreed and both of them thought, squeezed their eyes tightly shut, and wished as hard as they could. Having made their wishes, Luna forced Neville to stand up and got him to dance with her. Dancing with Luna was an ever-changing experience but if one was to let go of their inhibitions then they could have a good time. On top of a hill in the middle of the night Neville didn’t care who was watching and he let her lead him on a merry dance beneath the stars. When they finally collapsed back onto the blanket they shared the small feast Neville had brought and shared a special bottle of champagne he had found that looked like a nebula when poured into a glass. They ate and drank and talked and sang for a time but eventually they returned to lying on their backs, staring up at the stars. Luna suddenly made a squeak and wiggled, grabbing his hand and squeezing. “A shooting star,” she exclaimed, “see, my wish did come true.” Neville looked at the inexplicable creature beside him and softly smiled. “Yes," he said, "so did mine.”