New road of life (The Hobbit) TITLE: New road of life PROMPT: #448, road FANDOM: The Hobbit PAIRING: Arwen/Tauriel RATING: K WORD COUNT: 250 After the battle she returned home, but they brought her in front of Thandruil instantly. „You betrayed your people“ he said „I should kill you, Tauriel“, he produced silver dagger and Tauriel was sure that blade will sunk in her heart. But he grabbed handful of her red hair and cut them away. He took her longbow and broke it on his knee. He torn her green cape. „You’re not my serf anymore, Tauriel. You’re free to go wherever you want, but gates to my kingdom are closed for you. Take her off my eyes!“ Guards did as he told. They left her deep in the forest. Only thing she had was a sword. They said that she can keep it to defend herself against beasts in Mirkwood, but she knew that reason was different. Those who were banished usually committed a suicide. She looked at the blade and brought it to her heart. It should be quick and probably not a very painful. „Stop! What are you doing!“ she heard a voice and dark haired lady on the horse rode beside her. Tauriel looked at her and froze. She’d swear that it was Luthien herself. Woman dismounted a horse and walked to her. „No, please, don’t look at me!“, Tauriel turned back and curled on earth like a frightened creature, remembering about her brutally cut hair and her torn clothes. „Don’t worry, I won’t hurt you. Poor thing, let me take care of you“ Tauriel slowly turned her head to look into gentle eyes of the woman. Moments later she sat on the horse beside her, entering new road of her life. Chapter 2 : Her favorite road (Lord of the Rings) TITLE: Her favorite road PROMPT: #448, road FANDOM: Lord of the Rings PAIRING: Arwen/Eowyn RATING: M WORD COUNT: 120 During her long life Arwen traveled through many roads. She often traveled through the beautiful, magical paths of Lothorien, but she also followed the perilous ways of Mirkwood. Journeys between her father’s home in Rivendell and her grandmother’s kingdom in Lorien were simply part of her life.Some were exciting, some - dangerous, yet she always welcomed new adventures and experiences with open hands. But none of these roads was as fascinating as the one, very special and secret road she always loved the most. It was a road her lips had to follow from the slope of neck, through the valley between amble mounds of breasts, long, flat plain of belly and down, to the ravine of pleasure between Eowyn’s legs. Chapter 3 : Last Wish (Chronicles of Narnia) TITLE: Last wish PROMPT: #446, face FANDOM: Chronicles of Narnia PAIRING: Susan/Aravis RATING: T WORD COUNT: 200 Susan stood among broken, ivy covered walls. She tried to not cry much. Since she found how many years passed in Narnia, she knew it will end like that. But she had to see it. War was over, Caspian became a king, her brothers and sister were celebrating their victory. But she just took a horse and came here, where Anward stood once. In the shadows on the crumbling walls she thought she saw shapes of the good, ancient times when she was a queen and Aravis was her princess. Her only one, beloved princess. She couldn’t forget about her. „Why it ends like that?“, she asked, feeling familiar presence nearby, „I can’t even put some flowers on her grave...“ „Narnia and your world are different, my child... And you knew that your romance with her was a sin...“, said Aslan. „If so then promise me one thing“, Susan turned to the Lion. There was no sign of sadness in her eyes. Despite her age, she looked like a queen Susan the Gentle again. „Promise me that I won’t have to return to Narnia again. This world might be beautiful, but it’s empty for me without seeing her face“. Chapter 4 : True Face (Lord of the Rings) TITLE: True face PROMPT: #446, face FANDOM: Lord of the Rings PAIRING: Arwen/Eowyn RATING: T WORD COUNT: 150 Thousands of lights shone on all levels of Minas Tirith. Not so long ago almost half of the city was destroyed by army of Mordor and now there was almost no sign of those dark days. Yes, they might be weak, their lives are short, but their will is stronger than steel. But... „What’s wrong?“, Eowyn moved towards her. „When I look at the city, I feel like I’m double faced sort of person. They see me as their queen, but what would they say if they’d knew that I’m your...“ „Shhhh“, Eowyn put her finger of Arwen’s ruby lips, „I don’t care what anyone would say, my lady. You are their queen and you’re my queen. And that’s your true and only face, which is most beautiful on the whole Arda.“ Chapter 5 : Same lips, different hearts (Chronicles of Amber) TITLE: Same lips, different hearts PROMPT: #445, debt FANDOM: Chronicles of Amber PAIRING: Dara/Deirdre RATING: T WORD COUNT: 230 Deirdre placed her palm on Dara’s arm to stop lady of Chaos as they passed each other in the castle of Amber. Dara turned back, looking at the beautiful princess of Amber with interest. Deirdre’s dark, beautiful eyes pierced her. „What do you want?“, Dara asked, „I’m in hurry“ „Tell me one thing - do you really love Corvin?“ „Love? Sorry, I’m not a sentimental one. If you’re asking for romantic stories, you’re asking wrong person.“ „I’m not asking about romantic stories. I’m askin’ about truth“ „Well, we’ve been sleeping with each other, if that’s what you need to know, but...“ „Seems then you owe me something“, said Deirdre and pushed Dara to the wall. Lady of Chaos was too surprised to react. Despite her look, Deirdre was strong enough to immobilize her and then, to kiss her. Dara wasn’t sure what to do when Deirdre pressed her ruby lips against hers. Kiss was short yet passionately. Dara would swear she was never kissed with such passion and desire. „What the hell?“ she asked when Deirdre released her. „Just wanted to taste the lips he kissed before.“ Deirdre turned back and was justabout to leave, when Dara stopped her. „Tell me...“, she winked mischievously, „You really wanna finish with lips only? I think that it‘s my time to pay a debt... Chapter 6 : Climbing up her heart (Book of Amber) TITLE: Climbing up her heart PROMPT: #448, road FANDOM: Book of Amber PAIRING: Dara/Deirdre RATING: T WORD COUNT: 250 Fighting with temptation to look down, Deirdre started to climb again. She had no idea what time it was, how many hours passed since she fell down with Brand down this abyss. During the fall she hit some rocky platform which saved her life, but kicked her unconscious. Her body was screaming for rest, but any second of relax could result with fall. There was protrusion not so far above. Making one more effort, she managed to almost reach it, but then stone slipped under her feet. She lost balance, but then someone grabbed her hand and lifted her up. Her life was saved for the second time this day. It was a woman that saved her. Tall, short haired with kinda familiar, mysterious face. „Hey, weren’t you Corwin’s...?“ they both said in the same time. Despite the situation, it made them laugh. „Yes, but „was“ is an pretty good word“, answered Dara, „Dunno if it’s enough to create a club, but I guess that you won’t refuse drinking some wine with me. Or am I wrong?“ „I’d kill for some wine“ said Deirdre, „But I think I need to...“ „Forget about him. He left. None knows where. Typical for man“ „If so... Guess I won’t refuse the wine you offered before“, Deirdre looked at Dara again, wondering if longer stay in Courts of chaos might be pretty interesting. Chapter 7 : Change of lyrics (Lord of the rhe rings) TITLE: Change of lyrics PROMPT: #449, change FANDOM: Lord of the Rings PAIRING: Arwen/Eowyn RATING: K WORD COUNT: 250 It was winter’s evening and very famous minstrel was singing the song about epic war that changed history of the Middle Earth. The war that many of them took part. „And so it ends - war of the ring, Gondor if safe with its mighty new king!“ Minstrel finished his tune and bowed, listening to the applause. People gathered in the great hall clasped and cheered,. His song made all of them remember about those dark, dreadful days when Minas Tirith was under siege and Gondor stood on the edge of destruction. But his thoughts were focused on different thing. Being minstrel he became skilled observer. And during his concerto he noticed some interesting things. Like, for example, Eowyn, princess of Rohan, brushing her fingers against queen’s hip. Arwen, queen of Gondor, holding Eowyn’s hand tight when the part about Eowyn’s duel witch witchlord was sung. Eowyn lowering herself to whisper something to queen’s ear, but it looked more likely she brushed queen’s neck with her lips. Their feet rubbing against each other accidentally from time to time. Of course, queen and princess were known as a very good and close friends. But while thanking for kind words and applause, minstrel started to thought if his song would be even better with slightly changed final, like: „And so it ends, war of the rings, Gondor is safe with its beautiful queens!“ Chapter 8 : Even a queen (Lord of the Rings) TITLE: Even a queen PROMPT: #458, holiday FANDOM: Lord of the Rings PAIRING: Arwen/Eowyn RATING: K WORD COUNT: 250 „They’ll be worry about us“, said Arwen as she followed Eowyn through the narrow path. „Let them be, that’s their job, after all“, Eowyn smiled. She was born here, at Rohan and for her it was piece of cake to leave no trace for their escort. They might be queen and princess, but they were both skilled riders. Soldiers were probably looking for them and Arwen was bit afraid. „Come over here, darling“, Eowyn offered her a hand and helped to walk through the two big stones. Narrow path lead to the small, well hidden valley. Arwen noticed small hut standing next to the shimmering stream. „How do you like it? My brother build it years ago. He showed it to me later.“ „It’s lovely“, answered Arwen. It wasn’t to impress someone who spent years in Lothlorien, but Arwen found this place really beautiful. „It’s gonna be lovely“, Eowyn took her by the hand and lead down, to the hut, „I liked it, but I always felt bit alone here. Not anymore“, she turned back and kissed Arwen by surprise. „But our guards...“ „I left a note in Edoras“ „What note?“ „Just a few words. But they’ll understand and not worry about us... much. Now, come on, I can’t wait to let my feet cool down in this water“ „Can you tell me at last, what you wrote in this note?“ „Even a queen needs some holiday!“, smiled Eowyn brightly, „And princess as well!“. Chapter 9 : Scratch (Sailor Moon) TITLE: Scratch PROMPT: #459, match FANDOM: Sailor Moon PAIRING: Rei/Minako RATING: K WORD COUNT: 100 Sailor Venus shared her nickname with a Roman goddess of love and beauty. Since their first meet she always found Rei Hino as a most beautiful Sailor scout of all of them. Sailor Mars shared her nickname with a Roman god of flames. As a priestess and Sailor scout, she had a lot to do with a fire. But there was only one thing that could make her body burn from delight. It was Minako Aino’s touch. Even a single brush of her fingers worked on her skin like a match scratching the the surface of the match box. Chapter 10 : Reason (Bad Blood Music Video) TITLE: Reason PROMPT: #459, match FANDOM: Bad Blood - Taylor Swift (Music Video) PAIRING: Arsyn/Catastrophe RATING: T WORD COUNT: 200 „Will she be able to work for us again?“, asked Headmistress, watching Catastrophe’s body stretched on the examination table. Three heads nodded at once, saying nothing but checking controls of the medical machines. Headmistress wasn’t known of showing any emotions, but six eyes could notice little sigh of relief. „It wasn’t great idea to sent Cat’ along with Arsyn“, she said to Lucky Fiori. „They were working quite well together at training. Actually, I noticed some kind of mutual agreement between them. They matched to each other quite well.“ „And now Catastrophe is knocked out while Arsyn escaped, none knows where. Yeah, full success. Give me one reason to not punish you because of that. “ „Because that’s the plan, boss“ „Plan? Damn, another of your so called „great“ ideas? What was last one? To send Frostbyte on the mission at Hawaii? Or make Destructa steal crystal vase?“ „This time it will work, boss. Cat really liked her. Really, really, of you know what I mean. What do you think, what she’ll do when Trinity will repair her?“ „She’ll blow entire planet to get Arsyn’s ass“ „Not a planet. Galaxy“, Lucky grinned evilly. Chapter 11 : Third time lucky (Bad Blood Music Video) TITLE: Third time lucky PROMPT: #459, match FANDOM: Bad Blood - Taylor Swift (Music Video) PAIRING: Lucky Fiori/Headmistress RATING: T WORD COUNT: 250 „Sorry for interrupting, boss, but this is urgent, so...“ Luna entered Headmistress room, aware that her sudden invasion won’t be wisest decision. None enters Headmistress room without invitation. Usually it was Lucky’s job to take care of that, but since Lucky wasn’t in her room, Luna had to visit Headmistress personally. She wasn’t surprised when she saw Headmistress angry face. But she was surprised when she saw Lucky sitting on Headmistress lap and looking at intruder with a look that could kill. „I... just wanna say that Catastrophe’s debut mission... turned... into real catastrophe...“ „Is she alive?“ „Yes, Trinity takes care of her“ „Good, you may leave“ Lucky produced a match and lit her cigar. „We have bad luck, boss. It's a third time when someone interrupts us. Week ago it was Domino in the garage. Two days ago it was Dilemma in the dressing room..." „Yeah, I hoped my office will be safe place. We need to check what’s up with this poor rookie“ „Trinity knows hers job. She won’t need our help. So, how about one more try? Here and now?“, Lucky put her cigar away and wrapped her arms around Headmistress. „Why do I have a feeling that if you move your pretty lips one more inch closer to mine, whole army will attack this place?“ „Fighting an army is a fair price for your kiss, boss“. „If you say so... let’s see how lucky you really are, Lucky“. Chapter 12 : Burning Passion (Sailor Moon) TITLE: Burning passion PROMPTS: #450-9, boundary, warm, pull, click, rose, gentle, glasses, holiday, match FANDOM: Sailor Moon PAIRING: Rei/Minako RATING: K WORD COUNT: 200 „Oh Minako, I love your gentle kisses“, moaned Rei, while Minako’s warm lips kissed their way up her knees. „I’m a goddess of love, don’t your forget about it“, smiled Minako, placing another kiss little above Rei’s left knee, „And I want to make our little holiday very special“. She pulled Rei’s red heel and let it fell down on the floor with soft „click“, exposing her naked feet with her toes painted with rose pink nail polish. Rei’s fingers dug deeply into the sheets, as Minako kissed her between her thighs. They never crossed that boundary before. It seemed that two already empty glasses of vodka helped them to relax and find how perfectly they match to each other. „I can feel fire burning into someone’s body“, grinned Minako as she rose and filled both glasses again, „Here, have a drink“. Rei accepted her glass with trembling hand. „It’s like adding fuel to fire“, she whispered softly. „Darling, I want nothing more but to make it“, answered Minako, with sparkles already dancing in her golden eyes „Let me see your burning passion with all its might, my beloved goddess of fire“. Chapter 13 : Private Lesson (Bad Bood Music Video) TITLE: Private Lesson PROMPTS: #461 - squirm FANDOM: Bad Blood PAIRING: Catastrophe/Headmistress RATING: T WORD COUNT: 200 „Don’t you squirm, just focus on your task“, said Headmistress, planting quick kiss on Catastrophe’s forehead. Rookie agent would love to return favor, but it was impossible, because she was tied like a piece of ham. She had no idea what Headmistress planned when she offered her youngest apprentice some private tutoring. But she accepted it with enthusiasm. And now she wasn’t quite sure about it. Was it any sense in being tied on the table? But from the other hand, she found such feeling of total immobilization and being in someone else’s power quite... pleasurable. „There’a s possibility that during your missions you’ll be caught by enemies and tied. So, we need to train you how to deal with ropes, darling“, Headmistress continued. „I’m gonna leave you alone. You have two minutes to free yourself.“ Headmistress put the timer next to the bed and turned it on. „Better be on your feet when I’ll return. Or I’ll have to punish you... hard“, she added and left. Catastrophe looked at the timer. She did nothing, just lied there. Only thing that angered her was the time. It run way too slowly. Chapter 14 : Teddy (Bad Blood Music Video) TITLE: Teddy PROMPTS: #461 - squirm FANDOM: Bad Blood PAIRING: Catastrophe/Arsyn RATING: K WORD COUNT: 250 Catastrophe couldn’t wait to meet her new roommate. She did her best to live well with Cut Throat, but they never actually managed to understand each other. So she hoped that the new girl will be more open and friendly. If the first impression might decide of anything, then Catastrophe might use her nickname to describe it. Short, dark haired girl entered the room and without even saying „hi“ tossed her bag on the bed. „Hi, I’m Catastrophe and...“, Catastrophe decided to break the ice. „Arsyn“, was everything new girl said. Catastrophe would never guess that she’ll miss Cut Throat. No matter how many times Catastrophe tried to make contact with Arsyn, it was like talking to the wall. No answer, no reaction. Catastrophe decided that tomorrow she’ll go to Headmistress and beg for a new room, even if it means sleeping in the hanging broom closet. Everything changed when they finally went sleeping. Strange noises woke Catastrophe up. She saw Arsyn on her bed, squirming, turning and saying „Mommy, help me!“, „No, please!Don’t take my mommy away!“. Suddenly, she understood. She took her teddy bear and put it gently into the hands of that poor girl. Arsyn instantly hugged plushy bear and after minute or two everything went silent again. At the next morning, first thing that Catastrophe saw was a cheerful smile of the girl sitting on the bed next to her. „Hi, I’m Arsyn, happy to see you“, she said. Chapter 15 : Aliens in the New York (Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D, Spectre) TITLE: Aliens in the New York FANDOM: Spectre, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D PAIRING: Lucia Sciarra, Melinda May RATING: T WORD COUNT: 250 SUMMARY: Brought to USA, Lucia still needs a bodyguard. “I feel like an alien here”, said Lucia, looking around at Manhattan. “You don't like big cities?”, asked May, still close to her and still on her guard. When S.H.I.E.L.D. ordered her to protect beautiful Italian woman, she thought it will be boring mission. May changed very mind quickly. “Oh, not that. I've seen a London, Paris, Madrid, spend almost a half of my life at Rome. When you are born in Europe, you can feel like at home in every European city. But make a step outside of an old world and... you feel like at the another planet”. May was listening to her, trying to not forget why she was there. Since she took Lucia from her mansion at Italy, she saved her live about 20 times. Bond was right, wife of the killed Spectre's hitman was a target for many hired murders. “New York is a great place, trust me”, said May, “Speaking about aliens, well... it got used to them quite easily. I'm sure you'll like this city”. “You can be convincing, agent May”, Lucia smiled to her, “So, where you're about to take me now?” “I know great Italian restaurant next street.”, said May, “It's small, calm and they have good spaghetti there” “Let's check it out then”, Lucia took her hand. May lead the way, hoping that not another murder attempt will break this date this time, just like it happened 15 times before.. Chapter 16 : Home is where... (Hobbit, Lord of the Rings) TITLE: Home is where... PROMPT: #482, alien FANDOM: Lord of the Rings, Hobbit PAIRING: Arwen, Tauriel RATING: T WORD COUNT: 250 It was strange at first. Tauriel couldn't imagine that the forest can be such a lovely place. Spending her entire life at the Mirkwood and surrounding lands, she learned that in the forest she should be still on her guard, always ready to defend herself. But Lothlorien was totally different place, calm and peaceful. “What's wrong?”, asked Arwen, when she lead Tauriel through the forest. “Nothing, my lady, nothing... I just... feel not quite... I'm not sure how to say it. Every time I'm in the forest, I'm ready for combat. And here... No matter how beautiful this place is, I can't shake off my old habits. It's an elven land and I feel like an alien here.” Arwen noticed a single tear running down the Tauriel's cheek. “Nothing to be ashamed, darling. You're a warrior, that's all. Don't be misguided by the beauty of this land, its borders are still dangerous. But since you're beside me, I'm not afraid of anything” “My lady... but I...” “You came here wounded and bruised, physically and mentally”, Arwen put her palm on Tauriel's red hair, “Forget about all those bad things that happened before. But don't forget who you are. You're an elf and no elf can call herself alien in the Middle Earth.” She embraced Tauriel, letting the younger girl find comfort in her arms. “Feel free to cry as much as you need”, she whispered softly “I'll take care of you, poor darling”. Chapter 17 : Last Battle (Sailor Moon) TITLE: Last battle PROMPT: #483, split FANDOM: Sailor Moon PAIRING: Minako/Rei, Rei/Usagi RATING: T WORD COUNT: 234 Only three of them remained. Sailor Venus had no doubts about Mercury's fate. Blue haired girl did her best for sure, but it wasn't enough to stop the enemy, only to slow them. Those monsters were still after them. From the beginning she prayed that this moment won't come. But from the other side, she knew it will come. “I will stop them”, she said without turning back, hoping Rei won't see her tears. “You take Usagi and move forward”. “We shouldn't split, Minako...” “Yes, we should. You have strongest attacks, so at the end, it will be the best if you'll stay with her. And I know that you love her... more than anyone else”, she whispered those last words. “Minako...” “Go, now!”, Sailor Venus cried, she could see the enemy coming. She wiped the tears and clenched her fists. Turning her head back, she saw Sailor Mars and Sailor Moon running quickly, slowly disappearing in the snowstorm. So, they were save as long as she stood there. “I will wait for you, Rei.... my love”, Sailor Venus said silently, preparing for her last combat. She just hoped that death won't be very painful. She hoped that they'll meet again in afterlive. Somewhere where it won't be a sin to fell in love in the another girl, especially when she's your best friend's love as well. Chapter 18 : For Queen and the Country (Chronicles of Narnia) TITLE: For Queen and the Country PROMPT: #483, split FANDOM: Chronicles of Narnia PAIRING: Jadis/Susan RATING: T WORD COUNT: 250 Susan looked at the armies ready for battle. She wished it will never end this way, but she knew there was no other choice. Since the first time she came to the Narnia, there was a straight way that lead her there. It wasn't easy. She had to split with her siblings, became traitor in their eyes. She did her best to explain them everything, to open their eyes for the lies they were told, but it was useless. She loved them, yes. But she found someone she loved even more. Someone she wanted to protect at all costs. Narnia was beautiful country, she knew it from the beginning. Such place was meant to be desired by many. But Susan knew that there can be only one person suitable to rule this world. And this person stood right beside her. “Your brothers and sister are there”, she heard a voice. “Yes, they are. But I'm here”, Susan turned back, to see the Jadis, queen of the Narnia. Many were afraid of her. Many hated her. But Susan was probably the only one person in the world that loved her. “Are you with me?”, Jadis asked. There was still a doubt in her voice. Such un-queen like matter. Rulers are meant to command, not to ask. Being with Susan changed the woman known as a White Witch more than anyone could imagine. “Forever,” Susan made a step and knelt, planting a kiss on the palm of the woman she loved. Chapter 19 : Lack (Star Wars: The Force Awakens) TITLE: Lack PROMPT: #483, split FANDOM: Star Wars: The Force Awakens PAIRING: Phasma/Rey RATING: T WORD COUNT: 250 “I will return later. Keep your eye on her”, said Ren and left the cell, leaving Rey cuffed, under the guard of the captain Phasma. “So, you made him angry. Congratulations,” Phasma walked around the immobilized girl, “Not that it will do anything good to you, babe. First Order has a lot of ways to make people talk. And most of them are quite painful. I'm sure you don't wanna have your pretty face hurt” “At last, I don't have to hide it under some scary helmet,” said Rey. “Seems that all of you at the First Order have some problems with that”. “Mouthy, aren't we?”, Phasma put her blaster away and removed her helmet, revealing blonde, short haired head with rather gentle face and two blue, perceptive eyes. Rey was pretty surprised. She expected this woman to look bit more... evilly? “You won't be that mouthy after they'll put you into interrogation machine, cupcake. That's why you should be more talkative when he'll be back.” “I'm not afraid of some pain.” “Too bad. But I'm afraid of what will remain from you after they'll finish their job” Phasma moved closer, her face was only a inches from Rey's. “We lack of cute girls here, if you know what I mean. I wouldn't like to be split with you too soon. And bloody corpse with severed limbs isn't nice companion for a bath... or bed.” For the first time in her life, Rey blushed. Chapter 20 : Thrill of the.. (Star Wars: The Force Awakens) TITLE: Thrill of the... PROMPT: #493, chase FANDOM: Star Wars: The Force Awakens PAIRING: Phasma/Rey RATING: T WORD COUNT: 250 Branches are whipping her skin but they can't slow her down. She runs as fast as possible, doing her best to escape. During her life on Jakku, Rey had a lot of reasons to escape. And all these memories are coming back to her now, as she runs through the snowy forest. She doesn't know this planet, but she is sure that she'll find a way to get out of this unfriendly world. Rey finally stops to take a look around. Thick, dark trees are limiting the range of sight. She notices a cave. Deciding that it will be a perfect place to hide herself, she runs there quickly yet stealthy. She was born on the desert planet and found that snow and sand aren't very different actually. And all her knowledge how to leave no trails on the sand is surprisingly useful here. As soon as she enters the cave, she breathes with relief... and opens her eyes wide as she sees the barrel of the blaster. Moment later single shot knocks her senseless. “You surprised me, candy”, says Phasma, as she emerges from the darkness and covers senseless Rey with a warm coat. “It's your sixth attempt and every time you are getting farther. But I can't let you go”, she brushes Rey's face, “I don't want you to freeze to death on this wastelands”. She carries unconscious Rey, smiling. “Also, babe, there's a thrill of these chases that makes me want you even more”.