Prologue His eyes fluttered open. They surveyed their surroundings with glazed interest and tainted perception. Trees. Light. Blood. The gumming streams of blood lining his profile started from his temple and worked their way down into the crevice of his left eye. It no longer dripped, however, as it had began to clot. A sign he had been there for a decent amount of time. Where was there anyway? The fifty two year old decided to re-trace his steps in his head. Backtracking was always the way to go- especially if one had been out late drinking. (Which he had never done, but he knew well enough from working others though those types of situation that it was a possible explanation for his lack of memory) First, he had gotten the call. "Peter, we found him." The words had taken their time to process. "Sorry, Jones," He asked, not sure if he was hearing correctly. "but do you mean...?" The deep voice on the other end of the call had hesitated before answering. "Yeah. It's him." Peter Burke took a deep breath. The voice continued. "One of the new field agents spotted him in central Idaho while she was working on a missing person's case." Jones paused. "She followed him as far as she could to verify. It was him." Things began to come back. Special Agent Burke moved each finger at a time, checking for breaks or fractures. The scene continued playing in his head. "Peter," Jones had began again, uncommon sympathy in his tone. "if someone is to blame for Caffrey running... it's him. You where only following orders." "I was his handler. I knew what he was capable of, and I let him go. That's on me." That's on me. The words echoed in his head like he was in the grand canyon. Right hand unharmed, left hand strained but not broken. He began to check his legs. After Jones hung up, Peter had said goodbye to his beautiful wife, their son, and left for Idaho. The bright sun above his head blinded him. Sort of like those headlights... He blinked in surprise at his own thoughts. It hit him. The thought... and the truck. "But, is Idaho warm this time of year?" Peter had shrugged, turning the wheel slightly to the right. Diana put her hand on the armrest to steady herself. Why that woman had demanded to accompany him in her state was beyond him. "No idea," He confessed. "never been there. But what I do know, is that I need to turn this car around right now and take you home. "I'm pregnant, Burke, not dying." Peter had taken the liberty of a slight eye roll. "If you had seen El when she was pregnant with Neal, you'd think it was the same thing." His partner laughed. Her shiny, straight black hair just brushed her shoulders. Peter suppressed a smile. He had been so happy to hear that his two favorite people in the bureau had gotten engaged, and even happier when they announced the news. Toby wasn't as exited as the rest of them, but Peter knew in time the kid would learn to love his baby sister. Mozzie certainly did, and he wasn't even a family member. Well, that was necessarily true. Mozart was there when Diana gave birth. He was as much apart of her family now as Jones was. "I brought a coat just in case," Diana had continued. "And El told me she stashed your sweater in the front pocket of the suitcase. So, I guess we're all set either way." "That's my hon," Peter nodded. "Always prepared. That's why I love her." Diana scoffed with a laugh. "After almost twenty years, boss, you'd think all that love sickness would die out." "I think it's cute." "I think it's adorable. Still, need I remind you, this is a serious investigation." The fiery FBI agent had laughed, and Peter turned his head to face her. "I need you to be comp-" CRASH Without a moment to think, the pair were thrown like rag-dolls into the dashboard and wheel of the Buick.The fatal combination of glass shattering and wheels screeching had been the last sound he heard. Chapter 2 : Where Paradise is Home Peter grasped a branch hanging beside his left arm, and used it to hoist his practically limp body to an upright position. The muddy grass underneath his knees stained his uniform pants. The melodic sound of running water echoed in his ears. A stream must exist somewhere near by, he told himself. A bird cawed up ahead. He was in a forest, and according to the sun, it was almost noon. The branch assisted him one last time in his venture to be vertical, and he stood up. The discombobulated FBI agent wandered only mildly conscious through the maze of trees. He stepped aimlessly over a log, only nearly missing a snake hole seven inches to the right of it. If one would have seen him all tattered and bloody wandering through that quiet wood, with the curious way he had dawned a limp, they would have sworn he was some form of the living dead. Peter Burke took a large step forward, and it surprised him when his black Oxfords came down on something hard. Pavement. He looked up and his eyes caught hold of something very un-forest-like, which had been what he was growing accustom to for the last hour. It was a sign, high and mighty, but not daunting. It reminded Burke of something one would find at a boy-scouts campground; the same types of maroon red and grassy green where used in its decoration. Narrowing his eyes, for everything he saw was annoyingly fuzzy, he was able to make out that the sign was a welcoming one. It was probably a marker of a nearby town's border. Something in the back of Peter's mind recognized this as refuge, or at least aid, and he wandered on in the direction of the sign. The road leading to that nearby town was long; not that it affected Peter in any way. He was in too much of daze to notice any passage of time. And so he walked, and walked, and walked and walked... until he happened across a diner. The diner in question was inviting, as were the other shops around it. The town in itself was quaint and lovely. One could tell simply by stepping forth in it that each member of the town was known by name to every other, as it is with every small town. It was well kept and clean, with not a single discarded wrapper on the ground. Peter Burke's sleepy and dysfunctional mind caught the diner, and so that was the shop he entered. A bell rand upon his arrival. His feet dragging, he made his way to the front desk. Customers glanced in his direction. The barista, for it was a cafe, looked concerned as she approached him. "A-are you okay?" "Where am I?" Burke stammered, his voice hoarse like gravel for lack of water. "You're in Wayward Pines...." When the tattered man didn't respond, she added, "Idaho." "Idaho..." Peter nodded, his feet getting weaker beneath him. He staggered a step. The barista watched quietly for a moment, then, taking note of his multiple injuries, spoke up. "...Do I need to call an ambulance?" Before he had a chance to respond, Peter Burke collapsed, and lost all consciousness. Chapter 3 : The Hospital `"Mr. Burke?" Beep "Mr. Burke?" Beep Beep Peter opened his eyes to see a nurse leaning over him. The beeping of the hospital instruments played in the foreground of his mind like background music. He quietly took in his surroundings ad the nurse continued to speak. "I can get you something stronger for the pain." She said, a smile teasing her flaking lips. "Mmm?" Peter's eyes finally came into focus. "I'm fine," he croaked. "Anything I can do to make you more comfortable- just name it." Peter nodded halfheartedly, remembering that El would be disappointed in him if he forgot his manners. "Thank you." "Doctor Carol will be in shortly to see you." The nurse removed a tool from her satchel. "Would you mind if I take your blood pressure?" "Please." The patient extended his arm, and the nurse wrapped the instrument around it. "I know you had a concussion, and a few cracked ribs." She began, pulsing the ball at the end of the instrument. "It could have been a lot worse. I hear it was a nasty car accident." Peter flinched. Diana. "I'm Nurse Missy, by the way." Smiled the woman taking his blood pressure. "And you are...?" "I'm Peter Burke." Missy's eyes lit up. "Correct!" She undid the fabric around his arm. "It's good to see your memory is coming back. You where delirious when you came in. Couldn't remember who you were!" "What about Agent Berrigan? "...who?" "Berrigan. The woman who was in the car with me." Missy's eyes dropped. That is, if they could drop any lower than they already where. "Oh... I'm afraid she didn't make it." "No..." Peter breathed, not believing the words he was hearing. "Was she a close friend of yours?" Peter didn't answer. "I need to call my wife." "I believe the Sheriff's department got in touch with your emergency contacts after the accident." Peter began to sit up, looking around the room for anything of his. "Where's my phone, and the rest of my things?" "Ah, we don't have anything of yours." Missy laughed. "But I can certainly put on my Nancy Drew detective hat and check on that for you." Peter watched her, unamused. The nurse seemed to catch on. "I'm sure the Sheriff's department has everything." Missy snatched a button with a line going into the wall, and placed it in Peter's open hand. "See this little black button? I'm just one click away." She grabbed her satchel, and left out the open door. <> <> <> A brunette woman opened her phone, and began pacing the pavement on the sea-side overlook. She clutched her phone with one hand, while the other wrapped itself around her waist. Her phone imitated a beep, causing Elizabeth Burke to sigh. "Hey Hun, it's me. We're hanging out at the water today, and I was just thinking about you." She paused, his breath uneasy as she grasped the top bar of the railing. "Uh, your phone keeps going straight to voicemail. I hope everything's okay. I'm probably being paranoid, I know, but, uh... call us when you can. Okay? I love you. Bye." El smiled, concealing her worry, as her fourteen year old son approached her with the order of food they had requested. His messy brown hair blew slightly in the harsh wind. "Two fish tacos." He announced, handing the plate to his mom. "Yes!" El exclaimed, taking a bite of hers. "Hey, do you know what kind of fish you can find in a hospital?" Neal raised his eyebrow. "I don't know. What kind?" "A sturgeon." El giggled, and her son rolled his eyes, with a slight smile. "Ha ha," He groaned, then leaned against the railing. "Who was on the phone?" "You are so nosey." "Was it Dad?" "No, I was leaving him a message." "...Is everything okay?" "Yeah!" Elizabeth blurted, a little too quickly. "Yeah." Neal looked his mother in the eye. "Mom, I can tell when you're lying. Everyone has a tell." Elizabeth laughed, stuffing her face with fish tacos. "You sound like your dad. Everyone has a tell? What's my tell?" "You pause and look to the right." The woman paused, and thought for a moment. "You don't need to know everything all the time, Neal." With a small sigh, she pulled up the camera app on her phone. "Wanna take a picture for dad?" "Fine." Elizabeth extended her arm, and flipped the camera. The pair smiled, and El clicked the photo button. Suddenly, her phone rang. Nodding at Neal in explanation, she picked it up. "Hello?" "Elizabeth, it's Jones." "Jones! Hi. Is everything okay, I haven't hea-" "Elizabeth there's been an accident." <> <> <> "Weeeeeeeeeell" Missy began with a smile, strutting into the room sometime the next morning. "Loom who's up and at 'em!" Peter Burke narrowed his eyes, and didn't smile. "Where's the Doctor?" He asked. He hadn't been to see him that night, like overly enthusiastic the nurse had told him he would. "It's been hours." Missy began folding the bed-sheets. "Doctor Carol was tied up all night in one of those emergency surgeries, but I gave him your vitals, and he said you're doing A-Okay!" "What kind of hospital is this," Peter demanded. He was getting restless. "Where is everybody?" "They're busy" was the only answer Missy gave. "Well," Burke tired. "What about my things?" "Workin' on it, Captain." "...and I had this briefcase..." Missy put her hand up to her forehead and saluted him. " Working on it , Captain." "I understand that, mam, but I need my phone." He sighed. "Can I just borrow one?" The nurse sighed, placing her hands on her hips. "I wish I could, but we don't have phones in the patient rooms. Who wants all that ringing and chattering while patients are trying to heal and sleep, right?" Peter wasn't convinced. "...Right." "I'll be back in a few with your dinner." Pam announced, making her way to the door. "Green-beans and gravy!" The agent watched her walk away out of the corner of his eye. As soon as he saw she was gone, he wasted no time in getting out of the smelly hospital bed. He ripped out the IVs and made his way over to the nearby closet. As he suspected, his clothes were stashed in there. He quickly dawned his suit and jacket, as well as pants (an important factor in one's getting dressed adventure) and discarded the hospital shirt. The tattered and bloodied suit added to his zombie-fied persona, and he straightened his tie. He couldn't do much for his appearance at the moment, but he did what he could. He walked slowly out the door, cautious of his surroundings. He would have been surprised to find that there was no one else in the deserted hall, if his gut hadn't told him already that the hospital he was in was far from normal. He reached the elevator, and pressed the white blinking arrow that pointed down. He closed his eyes, regaining his composure. It didn't last long, as he jolted when he felt a hand grasp his shoulder. "What on earth are you doing?" Missy breathed, the bubbly tone in her voice disappearing as if it was never there. "Leaving." Peter said, the elevator doors parting just enough for him to squeeze in. "Mr. Burke... I can't let you leave. You're in no condition to be leaving." "Thank you for your concern." Burke stated dryly, standing in the middle of the elevator floor. Missy stared him down. The elevator doors wouldn't close. Peter returned the glare, and didn't flinch. "Move your foot." Missy complied, and moved her foot from blocking the doors, but not before smirking and stating, "I'm worried about you." The doors closed on her smiling face, and Peter Burke escaped the hospital. Chapter 4 : Biergarten Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Neal Burke was an average fourteen year old. He wasn't outstandingly good looking, and yet he was far from unattractive. His hair was a dull shade of brown, and he didn't care to cut it any special way. He was no genius; his most consistent grade was a B, with an occasional A or C. He was quiet at school, but social at home, and liked to keep to himself around other kids his age. Not because he was an introvert, but because they ignored him, and he didn't believe in bothering with people who obviously didn't care. He was perceptive, however, unlike other kids, as you may have noticed from our previous encounter with him. This was to be expected, as his father was an FBI agent and his mother was as curious as a crook. He listened, and he learned. "What's wrong?" He asked, as soon as he saw his mother hang up the phone. Elizabeth made her way slowly back to the railing that her son was leaning against. What should she tell him? She didn't have a clue. "Mom," Neal continued, seeing her vacant expression. "you can tell me the truth." El looked her son in the eyes, took a deep breath. "That was Jones... Your father may have been in a car accident." Neal's eyes widened. "I-is he okay? Mom-" The boy wrapped his arms around his mother's shoulders when he saw the tears in her eyes. If there was one thing Neal was, it was protective. "There's nothing to worry about yet, okay?" El breathed, drying her eyes and nodding. "He wasn't at the scene of the accident. And i bet he went to go... look for help, and they're gonna find him soon. Everything's gonna be fine. Look at me- I'm not worried." The wife of the FBI agent sniffed, and put on a brave face. "I know he's going to be okay." <> <> <> Biergarten. Seemed like as good a place as any to get something to eat, so Peter Burke staggered in. The bar had a certain smell to it. Sort of like a batch of clothing that was left in the washing machine for too long. Apart from the stench, it was a particularly nice looking bar. The floors where sparkling clean, and the table didn't have the stray crumbs that seemed to find their way on-top the islands of every bar in existence. There were a few people seated at the tables surrounding the bar, but only two people at the bar itself. One of them looked like he had been hit by a bus, and the other looked like he had done the hitting. The previously mentioned one had curly black hair, which arguably could have been dark brown, (The lighting wasn't outstandingly good inside the joint, so Peter couldn't be sure) and a jacket over his grey t-shirt. The one beside him was a gargantuan man. He was monstrously monuments. I don't need too spend that much time on this character, as he is of little importance to our story, however I feel the need to get across how big this man really was. He wasn't the average big man. He was, honestly, frighteningly large in all directions. This giant of a man was big , and that's about all there was too him. (A ll there was to him is a phrase I use to mean that's all there was to mention about said man. It in no way implies that there was not a lot of mass to this creature. In fact, he was made up of a great deal of mass. So one could say there was a lot to him, if the reader knows what I mean.) However, despite his robust and threatening figure, the man was quite kind and genuine. He is, mark you, unimportant to our story whatsoever, and won't be making an appearance again. Now, onto what's of real importance. Our hero, Peter Burke, noticed that there seemed to be only one bartender working at the time, and she made her way in the direction of Peter Burke. "Kitchen's closing in ten minutes." She announced, tossing her long brown hair over her shoulder, and finishing up drying a glass. Her big brown eyes spied the disheveled newcomer. "Oh my Gosh, what happened to you ?" Peter took a seat at the island. "I was in a car accident." The brunette picked up another glass. "Shouldn't you be at the hospital?" "I was already over there... any chance you have a phone?" "Sure, no problem." said the bartender, turning to grab the phone on the shelf. "Well, can I get you something to eat?" Peter laughed. "I'd love a cheeseburger, but my wallet and phone have both been confiscated by the local Sheriff, who seems to have closed up shop for the night." The young girl smiled. "How do you want your burger?" Surprised but grateful, Burke smiled. Finally, someone decent in this town. "Rare, no onions... thank you." He requested, as the woman took down his order. "I gotta tell you, you're the first normal person that I've met in this town. And when I get my wallet and come back..." "You'll give me a really big tip, am I right?" The bartender laughed. "So what brings you to Wayward Pines, anyway?" "Just... business." "What kinda business?" "I'm in the FBI." The girl's eyes widened. "The FBI? What, is the president here? Don't you guys protect the president?" "That's the Secret Service. The FBI handle some other things." "Well, you can let me handle your dinner." Smiled the brunette. "Thanks so much." Peter nodded. "Hey, what's your name?" "Clara," she responded with a smirk. "Clara Oswald." Peter smiled, and picked up the phone Clara had handed him. He began to dial. "Good to meet you, Miss. Oswald. I'm Peter Burke." Clara made her way back into the kitchen to fix the newcomer's meal, and Peter waited at the island for the phone to cease ringing. Elizabeth usually picked up after the third or fourth ring, so when Burke heard the buzzing a sixth time, be became worried. He perked up, however, when he heard her voice. "Hi," Elizabeth answered, and Peter jumped to respond. "El! Hey, I'm so sorry I haven-" "You've reached the Burkes. We're sorry we missed your call- unless you're a telemarketer. Then we are thrilled to have missed your call. Please leave a message!" The beep resounded from the phone, signaling the disappointed caller to leave his message. "Hun, hi. They've probably already told you that I've been in an accident, but i just wanted to let you know that I'm okay. For some reason, they haven't been able to locate me, um, phone and wallet. I'm in Wayward Pines, Idaho. Try calling me at the Wayward Pines Hotel, okay? I love you." Peter placed the old-fashioned phone back in it's holder just as Miss Oswald was returning with his meal. She placed the burger, no onions with a side of fries, in front of him. "Wow," Burke remarked. "That was quick." "Well you wanted it rare, buddy." Laughed the girl as Burke took a bite of the burger. "So what exactly are you doing here, Mr. Secret Agent Man? I get around. Maybe I can help." "Missing Persons investigation." "Oh my Gosh, who went missing?" "One of our own." Clara fidgeted with her skirt. "Missing... here?" Peter nodded. "Have you seen any new faces around town in the last couple of months, by chance?" "No," Oswald thought for a moment. "Not that I can think of, other than yours, 'course." "What about a man named Neal Caffrey?" "Sorry, mista', not ringing any bells." Clara bit her lip, and put down the cup she was filling. "Did something bad happen to him?" "I..." Peter stammered, taking a deep breath. "I don't know." Something seemed to have changed in the young woman's attitude. She stood there silently for a moment, biting her lip, before turning and rummaging around in one of the drawers at the counter. Peter watched her closely. Something didn't seem right. After a moment, she pulled out a pen and a note card. She quickly wrote something down on it. "I hope you find what you're looking for," She said, finishing up what was on the card and handing it to him. "Here's the damage." Peter picked up the slip of paper, and narrowed his eyes. Once they adjusted, he read off an adress in his head. "What's this?" He asked. "You don't have a phone, a wallet, no ID, no money, and you don't know a single soul in town. It's where I live." The girl shrugged. "If you find yourself in any trouble, you can look me up." "So, you believe me, huh?" Clara's bright eyes darkened. "I always believed you." Notes: Hello to all you lovely people who are here for fandoms that have not been included yet- Wow, you've gotten this far? Good job! I'm seriously impressed. And I'd like to thank you for reading this FanFiction. I promise that Gravity Falls, OTGW, LesMis, Doctor Who (well, i already introduced Missy, now didn't I?) and all the other fandoms listed in the description will be coming up. In fact, very soon! However, building the basis of this story is muy importante, and I hope you can bear with me through the lesser known fandom of White Collar, as we get closer to the others. To be perfectly honest with you, I'm most looking forward to writing the Les Miserables and Gravity Falls sections of his MULTIfandom. So, to give you some hope, you can rest in the knowledge that those two fandoms will be overlying themes later on. As well as OTGW, Doctor Who, and the others. Enjoy, and I bid you, be patient ;) Chapter 5 : There are no crickets in Wayward Pines Upon exiting the bar, Peter felt much more confident. Not only was he no longer famished, but he seemed to have met someone willing to help him out. It was getting dark, he noted, and he began his journey to the Wayward Pines Hotel. Hopefully they would emit him with the knowledge that the Sheriff had his wallet. Burke stepped out the door, and strolled into the nearly-nightfallen town. His right hand clutched the slip of paper that the young brunette inside had given him, and he decided to put it in his pocket as not to loose it. As if the mere thought had summoned a gust of wind, the tiny paper flew out of his hand, and floated down main street. The lonesome agent chased after it, scolding himself repetitively in his head. The paper flew through the wind several meters, and happened to land at the feet of a little boy. The kid picked it up, and noticed Peter watching it closely. He waved to him. "Mister! Are you looking for this?" The kid shouted. Peter nodded. The boy trotted up to the FBI agent, and handed him the slip of paper. "Here ya go. Gotta be careful with that pesky wind," he said. "Don't wanna loose something important out here." Peter nodded, and started folding up the note card. The little boy watched him intently before speaking up again. "You know, it's true what that thing says." Burke raised an eyebrow, and looked up from the folding. "What was that?" "The thing about the crickets." Peter furrowed his brow, and inspected the address Oswald had given him. "It's on the back," The kid remarked, motioning for Peter to turn it over. "See ya round, Mr. Burke!" Peter Burke's eyes widened as the kid trotted off into the night. His gut did a full on 360 inside of him, and he flipped over the note card. He studied the seven extra words that he had missed earlier, unsure of what they meant. There are no crickets in Wayward Pines. Peter glanced around him, his senses heightened. He folded up the paper and placed it in his left pocket, deciding he would study it more upon his arrival at the hotel. One foot in front of the other, he slowly made his way down the near-deserted street. Given the light and time of year, Burke suspected that it was probably close to nine o-clock. Many of the townsfolk where probably home for the night. Peter veered towards the sidewalk where there were a row of lampposts, grateful for the extra light. A row of flower beds lined the sidewalk as well. Townsfolk aside, it really was a beautiful place. Peter took a deep breath. He could smell the late night air; cool and refreshing. He walked softly on the path, content for the first time that day. Everything was quiet, and peaceful. There was no sound to be heard in the sleepy little town of Wayward Pines that night, except for the melodic chirping of the crickets. crickets? Peter paused, and his eyes veered towards the direction of the well known chirping sound commonly associated with the night times performers. His ears led him to one of the flower beds. Bending down, the sound grew louder. Peter reached his hand into the patch of daisies, and pulled out a small grey device in the shape of a box. Speakers. With a glance over his shoulder, Peter Burke placed the contraption back where he had found it, and left for the Hotel without another word. Chapter 6 : 604 First Avenue "Miss. Oswald?" Peter Burke stood at the end of an abandoned street, staring at an abandoned house. The brown wood it was built of was molding and falling apart, and vines and weeds grew into what was left of the front windows. He wasn't even sure there was a complete ceiling. Peter double checked the note Clara had given him the night before. 604 First Avenue. The same address that was printed on the partially collapsed mailbox beside the house. No one in their right mind would live in the counted house standing before him. He wasnt even sure if, in any other circumstances, would he enter it willingly. However, here he was, knocking on the decaying door hanging off of only one hinge out of his own free will. "...Clara?" Again, there was no answer, so Peter decided he would enter on his own. Pushing back the moldy door, he stepped quietly into the war zone of a house, careful that his footsteps wouldn't make too much noise. Needless to say, he didn't find Clara Oswald inside. What he did find was much more traumatizing. Chapter 7 : The Wayward Pines Sheriff's Office Notes: We all know, and love, Mark Sheppard. He's a fantastic actor, and needless to say, one of my favorites. So, of course, I wanted to add one of his brilliant characters to this FanFiction. However, Canton Everette Delaware III is too moral to be the character I would be casting him as, and Curtis Hagen is a bit too close to Peter Burke. Crowley, as we all know, is wonderfully immoral, and has absolutely nothing to do with the Burke family. Sadly, I have to say that Crowley is a bit too big for the sleepy little town of Wayward Pines. So I've decided to create a mash-up of all three of these fantastic characters, into one mega-Mark-Sheppard-mesh. As for his name, why not just stick with the name of all three of their creators? Sheriff Marcus C. Sheppard was far from a terrible person. He payed his bills, he upheld the law, he never squandered his hard earned salary of needless things, he was civil to the people in the town in which he lived, and he worked hard at the job he occupied. There was something to say about his sarcasm, however, as the man was hardly ever reported of holding a conversation which didn't end in him insulting the other person quietly and discreetly in a cunning manner such as that the poor victim didn't catch the insult until he or she went to bed that night. His reputation was one of a man who was to be avoided. However, apart from the little tolerance to other people, he didn't nothing to ensue that kind of treatment from his peers. Well, nothing apart from the murders. His feet rested on the black wood of his desk, a file rested in his hand, and he considered resting himself as he began to hear voices outside his door. It was that pesky Burke again, he figured. Word spreads quickly in small towns,and soon every resident knew about the curious FBI agents residing at the Wayward Hotel. The sheriffs tired eyes wandered to the door frame, where the voices emitted the loudest. His secretary was speaking to the newcomer. His eyes glanced out the window looking into the front room, blinds turned ever so slightly so viewing was possible. "I'm sorry, he's not in the office at the moment." The middle aged woman was reciting to her nails. "But, mam, I can see him," The suit clad corpse pointed at the window. "sitting at his desk." Sheppard waved, a sly smirk on his lips, while Donna shook her head. "He's busy. Loads of paperwork, you know how it is." Shepard gestured to his paperless desk. Peter huffed. "Mrs...?" "Nobel." "Mrs. Nobel, may I please speak to your bos-" "Mrs? Mrs ? Do I look married to you, sunshine?" Peter paused a moment. "... Miss Nobel... may I please speak to the Sheriff. It's a matter of importance." The spunky red head turned to face the window. Sheppard gave her a nod, and Mrs. Nobel sighed at Mr. Burke. "Go on in, then." Sheppard chucked to himself at the disheveled agent made his way around his secretary's desk, and to the hallway that lead to his office. He had hired Miss. Nobel for one reason, and one reason only; she was fantastic at making people go away. He slid his feet off the desk only moments before Burke entered the room, extending a firm hand and a determined eye. "Peter Burke," he said. "FBI." "Mark Sheppard, Sheriff." Speaking as he stood, his accent was rigid as if wrapped in barbed wire. "That was a pretty nasty accident you were in, if I hear correctly. How, might i ask, are you feeling?" "Better..." Burke replied, nodding for a bit longer than was necessary. "Better than the guy who's corpse I found decomposing in a house six blocks from here." "Elaborate on I just found ." Peter passed the office floor, hands moving dramatically as he spoke. "A bartender gave me an address; you see, she didn't give me a phone number because I don't have my phone. Evidently, you have it here." Sheppard laughed, and took a bite out of the orange he held in hand. "Now why would I have your phone, Mr. Burke?" Burke froze mid-step, and stared at the wall. "I... I was told that you have my things." "HA! Who told you that, my friend?" "...That nurse over at the Hospital." "I got no idea where she got that idea from." Sheppard shook his head, taking another bite from the orange. "Mmmmm.... Valencias. Do you like Valencias, Mr. Burke?" Peter raised an eyebrow at the inquiry. "I need to make some calls. Can I use that phone?" "But of course," Licking his lips, Sheppard sat up slightly. "Just as soon as you finish your little story about the decomposing body." Peter's eyes went dead. He sat down slowly in a seat as the Sheriff pointed to it. "I followed the address the bartender gave me, ans that's where I found him.... Neal Caffrey... tortured." "Neal Caffrey?" Peter nodded quietly. "He looked... he looked like he had been there for some time. I was sent here to find him." "Looks like you successfully accomplished your mission then, doesn't it?" Sheppard chuckled to himself. He seemed to have hit a nerve. Literally, it seems, as a nerve in Burke's neck pulsed. "I'd like to make those calls now, please." "First of all, what was the address? Where you found the mutilated corpse." "...604 First Avenue. I'll walk you over there." "That wont be necessary, Mr. Burke." "No, no, it's no trouble. I want to." "I don't want you to." Sherriff M. Sheppard slid a phone over to Peter Burke, and left the room for a moment. Peter dialed the number. "Hello?" "Yes, hello, can i please speak with Agent Jones?" "Oh, he's not in the office right now. Is there something I can do for you sir?" "No, thank you. I'll just call his cell phone. I'm Agent Burke, can you please give me Jones' cellphone?" "I'm afraid I'm not allowed to give you that information." Peter paused. "Who am I speaking with?" "Marci." "Are you new here, Marci?" "Yessir, it's my first day." "Well, Marci, please listen close. I'm in Wayward Pines Idaho, and I've got a dead consultant on my hands, so get Jones on the phone immediately. To tell you the truth," Peter raised his voice uncharacteristically. "I don't care if he's in a meeting. I don't care if he's sitting on the toilet! Put him on the phone." "I'm sorry, I can't continue this conversation with you speaking to me like that." "Tell him to call Peter Burke at the Wayward Pines Sheriff's office, and he as to do it as soon as he gets this message, do you understand me?" "I'll give him the message." "Finally!" Peter threw his hands up in the air. "Thank you very much." The line clicked, and Marci hung up the phone. She had good timing, as it seems, for as soona s she did, our hero chucked the phone at a nearby desk. The thud resounded in the office, causing Sheppard's eyes to peak through the blinds. "That is mahogany ." Chapter 8 : The Impossible Girl bell went off as Peter Burke once again entered the bar Biregarten. He recognized the stench, as well as one of the supposed frequents at the island. The one that was mentioned having dark curly hair was the only one present, as, like I had mentioned before, the Gentle Giant would be making no further appearances. A dark haired man with a handsome face mopped the floors and underneath the tables. "Hey," Peter greeted him, a small nod give. "I'm looking for Clara..." The man looked up, and raised an eyebrow. "Sorry, who?" "She was bartending here last night." "You were here last night?" "That's correct, yeah." "And there was a girl tending the bar?" Peter nodded. "Uh, well, there's only two people who work here. This guy-named Steve- and me." Peter Burke's head spun. He put a hand on the island seat. "No, no no... she waited on me. Here." He patted the seat his hand rested on. "I sat here, and ate a burger." The man laughed. "Don't take this the wrong way, buddy, but how much did you have to drink?" Peter leaned forward, his eyesight a bit wack. "I k-know where I was, and I k-know who served me..." "Well, maybe it was a different place?" Peter shook his head quietly. The room shook with it. He fell down into the seat, and his head bobbed. The man stood up. "Whoa, hey, are you okay?" "S-she was here..." "Okay man, lets get you som-" "Why are you doing this? What do you mean... She was here..." "I'm gonna... you know what, I'm sorry to do this but I gotta ask you to leave." Something took over Peter, and he saw himself grip the man by the shirt. "All I wanna do," Burke shook the man's shoulders. "Is get h-ho....home... out of this rotten, isnane town!" "Get your hands off of me, sir, I-" "Don't tell me that she wasn't here!" "Get off of me!" "Clara!" The delusional man yelled. "Clara!" BANG Peter hit the ground. His ears went after he heard a walkie-talkie click. "Number 24602 isn't doing well." Chapter 9 : Once again Handcuffs . Peter jolted in the bed, stopped only by the binders on his wrists. The beep on machinery was heard in the background. His heart dropped and his pulsed raced. No. Not again. "Ah, you're awake." A older man with framed glasses sat a few meters away from the bed. He sat up straight once Peter opened his eyes, and acknowledged his presence. "W-who are you ?" Peter stammered. The man's crisp green eyes crinkled in a smile. "My name is Doctor Johnson. Do you know where you are?" "No... Can you get these things off of me, please?" "If I told you that you were in a hospital in Wayward Pines, Idaho, would that sound familiar?" Peter laid his head back, and heaved a deep sigh. He stared aimlessly at the ceiling. El. He needed to call El. She must be so worried... "Still have the headache?" "No," Peter breathed. "I don't have a headache." "Do you have a history of mental illness?" "What kind of frikin' doctor are you?" "Psychiatrist." The man answered, standing up. "Your MRI shows that there is bleeding in your brain. We think that's why you're having this dissociative breakdown with your memory, your awareness..." "I'm..." Burke shook his head. "I'm not having hallucinations." The man raised an eyebrow. "With great respect, you wouldn't know if you were." "I'm not having a "dis-associative" breakdown." Peter spat, the manners all but gone from his demeanor. "You see, it's not me. It's this town." The man offered a small smile. "It's just a town." He folded the blanket resting on the armchair, and set it across to the side. "You were in a terrible accident, my friend. We simply want to get you better." The smile was soft; mesmerizing, almost. Peter took a deep breath. Clara Oswald may have disappeared, but at least there was another friendly face in the town of horrors. "That's why I'm getting you read to go into surgery." Peter's eyes must have spoken for themselves, for the doctor put a hand out in assurance. "We need to drain the blood." "I do NOT consent to surgery! I want to be sent to a hospital somewhere else." "Yes, yes, we've thought of that, and-" "I do NOT consent!" "I understand that, sir, will you please-" ""Get me OUT OF THIS PLACE!" "Nurse! Please-" Peter's eyes widened as the infamous Missy hurried into the room, holding a vile in one hand and an injection in the other. Burke thrashed in the bed, trying to break free. Missy smiled. "Let's just give you something to make you more comfortable." She pointed the injection at his arm. "No, i don't want it." "Just a quick little pinch, it wont hurt at all..." "I don't want it! Doctor! Get this FREAK off of me!" The pair struggled, as the doctor watched with an odd expression. Missy finally won, getting the FBI agent in a head lock. She aimed the needle between his eyes, and her preppy voice faded away like fog. "If you move one more time Mr. Burke, I swear I will jam this bad boy right to the bottom." He was injected in the leg, and the whistling psychopath wheeled him down the hall. Peter could see out of the corner of his eyes the room he was soon stopped in front of, as surgeons prepared their instruments inside. Peter looked around. The hallway was no longer deserted. His heart pounded. There would be no way for him to overpower all of these workers. His hand banged against the edges of the cuffs. He thrashed and turned, trying to break free if he could. The sedative would be kicking in soon, he knew, so he had to work fast, or else he had no chances at all. Suddenly, he was moving again. The surgeons in the room soon became distant. Peter tired to maneuver himself to a place where he could see who was responsible for his relocation. A young brunette in a hoodie pushed the rolling hospital bed all the way down the hall. Her wavy hair fell in her face as she glanced down at the helpless agent. "You forgot that big tip you promised." Chapter 10 : Now Entering Wayward Pines They ran as far as they could before the sedative kicked in. Clara drug him the rest of the way with great difficulty, until they were safely in the woods. She bound his arm tight and removed the tracker that was embedded in his skin, hoping the sedative would help numb the pain of the extraction. It hadn't taken long, but with that psycho nurse on the loose after them, it felt as if every second was a lifetime that could have been spent getting farther away. However Burke was bleeding and unconscious, and she couldn't risk dragging him any farther for fear of him loosing more blood. He was stuck there for the night. Clara sat herself down, and let her back rest against the trunk of a tree. Her big brown eyes studied Peter's, and she quickly got lost in thought. She shook her head. She felt bad for the man. Alone, without his family. It happened every time. Clara set down the bag of fresh clothes she had prepared for him, and left a note. It was getting late, and she needed to get back home. Just in case the phone rang... <> <> <> When he woke up, the first thing he did was get dressed. He had worn the same suit since he arrived in Wayward Pines, and it had long since started to smell. When he was dressed, he regained his composure, and set out to look for Clara. Her note had simply stated that there were fresh clothes in the bag, as well as some money so that he could buy himself a sandwich. He was planning on taking her up on that. With a sigh, he began his trek back into tow Needless to say, he was going to stay very far away from the Hospital. The town was busy, and people were milling about on bikes and sneakers. Burke spotted a large gathering-possibly a picnic- in a park nearby. He made his way over, hoping to ask what the fastest route to Biergarten was. He heard the familiar sound of laughter, and his eyes landed on a ground of collage age kids. The one laughing had blonde hair, and in the midst of laughing, practically doubled over. He threw back his head, his blond locks fell back like those of an angel on the sombre quadriga made of stars, they were like the mane of a startled lion in the flaming of an halo. Peter narrowed his eyes, however, at the young man's joyful laughter. Not only did the perceptive FBI agent recognize the boy, but something about the situation seemed off. A much shorter boy with dark curls falling into his eyes helped him up, but in an odd fashion. Peter could almost swear he saw the pair exchange a slip of parchment. Upon his returning vertical, the first young man bade the others goodbye, and made his way towards the pathway out of the park. Peter's peaked curiosity steered him in the direction of the student, and he found himself following him. The boy didn't go far, as it seemed his house was only a few blocks away. Seemingly unaware of his follower, he turned at the driveway and went inside. Peter wasted no time in reaching the front porch, but hesitated with knocking. The sign painted on the door read the name "Tviet". No wonder he had recognized that face. He knocked three times with the knocker, and waited for a response. He didn't have to wait long. "Hello?" answered the collage student, a bit surprised to have a visitor. "Hello, I'm Peter Burke. You're Enjolras Tviet, am I right?" The boy blinked. "How do you-" "You were caught spray painting some conspiracy junk outside of the FBI's main office in New York three months ago. I got you out of the fine, ans you walked away with just a warning, remember?" It took a moment, but something did seem to click in the kid's brain. However, Peter was surprised by his response. "No, I'm sorry, you've got the wrong guy." Some noise came from the kitchen, and a young girl with soft blonde curls made her way to the door frame next to the boy. She seemed to be around his same age, if not a few years younger. She wore a flowery dress with a white sweater over her shoulders. The pair looked very similar, and Peter quickly came to the conclusion that they were most likely siblings. "Who's your friend, Enjy?" Asked the girl, with a kind smile at the stranger on the porch. "Just a visitor, hey, can you give me a minuet, sis?" The girl nodded. "Of course. Be back inside soon though, Mari called and he wants us down at the cafe by noon." Peter watched as she made her way upstairs, probably to get ready for whatever event the two were attending. The elder brother quickly and firmly escorted Peter outside. He looked over his shoulder, and then glared at Burke. "What the heck do you think you're doing, Burke?" "Oh," Peter scoffed. "So you do recognize me. Good, because I have a lot of quest-" "Your questions can wait." The boy snapped. He quickly checked himself, and dawned on a fake smile, his voice lowering to almost a whisper. "They're watching us." "Oh." "Shh." The blonde's eyes glanced upward at the fan spinning above the porch; specifically to the small red camera on the fourth blade. "And listening." "What the heck is going on here. Tviet?" Peter demanded, not bothering to keep his voice low. "I don't have answers for you, suit." Enjolras bit his lip and rolled his eyes. "You should really go before you get us both in trouble." "From what I can tell, this whole town's already in trouble. Now listen here, punk, I-" "Burke, you need to leave. You being here is putting both our lives in danger, alright? Including my sister's." "From who?" Enjolras laughed quietly. The insincere laugh that he had displayed at the park, making him seem more like a doll than a person. He stood, and shook his head. "You could be happy here, suit. I'm sure it's going to be better than working for the government." When the door shut and the kid was gone, Peter took a deep breath. He took a deep breath, and did what any sensible person would have done. He stole a car. <> <> <> Trees and building flew by as Peter sped down the road in the hot wired Volkswagen. Biergarten, The Hospital, and First Avenue all went by in blurry colors. He turned the last corner on main street sharply, and sped towards the forest road, passing the sign he had only recently seen as a sign of refuge. With a disdainful glare, he curse at it. Childish, but necessary. Soon he would be out of that cursed town, and back home to El and his son. THANK YOU for visiting Wayward Pines PLEASE COME BACK SOON Ha, Peter scoffed. as if. Turning the last corner, he drove straight for about five minuets. It only took about ten for him to get to Wayward Pines in the first place, so he knew he could be nearing the next town soon. Eventually, a sign became visible in the distance, and Peter strained his eyes to read it. WELCOME TO WAYWARD PINES where PARADISE is HOME His heart stopped, but he rationalized that he must have just taken a wrong turn. He made a U turn, and drove back the way he had come. WELCOME TO WAYWARD PINES where PARADISE is HOME He turned around again. WELCOME TO WAYWARD PINES where PARADISE is HOME And again. WELCOME TO WAYWARD PINES where PARADISE is HOME And again. WELCOME TO WAYWARD PINES where PARADISE is HOME The next time the sign appeared, Peter swerved, almost hitting a tree. Heart pounding on his chest and breathing quickened, he jumped out of his car and ran full speed into the forest across from the sign. If he couldn't get out by driving, he would run. And run he did. He ran for at least a mile or two. He could hear his breath. He could feel his pulse pumping in his temple. His legs hurt, and his arm was still bleeding. Get out, get out, get out, get out... Suddenly, he stopped. Peter Burke blinked in the blue light shining down on his form. His eyes adjusted, but his mind did not. Thoughts and questions and fears swirled around in his head like some freak tornado. He gazed upward in utter shock. Towering before him, was a fence. A fence pulsing with electricity. A fence stories upon stories high. A fence that looked like it was built for the sole purpose of keeping something very large out...or something in. Electricity crackled from the towers at the top, which supported a separate fence of their own. Red lights pulsed in and out from the beams at the edges. But despite all this, it was not the most frightening aspect of the sight. A little metal sign was plastered on the wall of the fence, just a few feet from Peter's very nose. It read, "Return to Wayward Pines. Beyond this point, you will die." Peter's heart beat faster, and faster and faster and faster, as he ran, following the fence. It kept going. It was then that Peter realized, it surrounded the entire town. He collapsed on the ground, breathing rugged and bleeding heightened. He caught his breath, and ran as fast as he could back to the car. Staggering into the drivers seat, Peter started up the car. Before he could put his foot on the gas, however, he heard sirens. Red and blue lights flashed around him in the dimly lit car. He hadn't noticed, but the sun had long since set. Footsteps approached the vehicle, and Peter apprehensively rolled down his window. The form of the Sheriff leaned into the window, and offered a quiet smirk. "You didn't make it too far, did you?" "How do I get out of here?" Peter demanded. The raspy voice of the Sheriff took it's time before answering. A grim expression melted onto his visage. "You don't." Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Wayward Souls series