Portal: Weighted Companion Cube Summary: A Weighted Companion Cube from the first Portal game, made of basic Sculpey clay. I think I made this in 2011 and it only just occurred to me to post it here. "The Enrichment Center reminds you that the Companion Cube cannot speak. In the event that the Companion Cube does speak, the Enrichment Center urges you to disregard its advice." I made this because I wanted one that would be roughly proportional to my action figures and the official plushies are expensive. This is Sculpey clay on top of...some kind of cheaper uncolored clay whose brand I can't remember...and it was an INCREDIBLE PAIN to make, especially when I got to the point where I needed to bake it. Looked as perfect as I could get it before that, of course, and then the heat cracked the clay in several places...and I filled in the cracks and baked it again...and it cracked again and also got discolored in one spot because I left it in too long...so I finally decided screw it, even pre-incinerator the Companion Cube got pretty dinged up in that test chamber. Chapter 2 : X-Files: Funko Scully with gun More recently, I started very, very simply with a really minor custom I did as a gift for a Jo , who was annoyed that the Mulder Funko figure had a gun and Scully only had a flashlight (and probably a good way to start with customizing, considering how simple this was). The gun was from a big stash of Star Wars figures and accessories an acquaintance gave me a few years ago, and originally it was too long to look like a normal handgun because it was supposed to be a Star Wars rifle. I cut off about half the barrel and a protrusion on the side, colored over the exposed white plastic with a permanent marker, and super-glued it to Scully's hand. So, REALLY simple. I originally posted this on Figure Realm , if the images aren't showing up for some reason. Chapter 3 : Fallout 3: Customized Funko female Lone Wanderer Summary: I was thrilled when I learned we were actually getting a female Lone Wanderer Funko, since the dude versions of RPG characters always seemed to be viewed as the default and we didn't even get a FemShep Funko for Mass Effect 3 even though they finally started using her on some of the advertising. (Bizarrely enough, in the Skyrim Funko figures announced at the same time as the Fallout ones, there's only one Dragonborn, who is--of course--male.) She didn't look much like my Lone Wanderer, though, so I figured this would be a fairly straightforward custom to make. The finished product: I actually still haven't finished Fallout 3 yet because I am the Slowest Gamer Ever (and, uh, I think I haven't played any of it since 2012, how the hell did that happen ), but I love my badass little Lone Wanderer. I gave her blue hair just because I could, and in-game, she looks like this: So to make the female Lone Wanderer figure look more like my character, I bought an Arya Stark figure as the closest thing to my Lone Wanderer's hairstyle, eventually got both their heads off, and started painting. The paint color I chose ended up being a different blue than what I gave my actual in-game character because the Lone Wanderer figure's suit was basically that color already, and I didn't want her hair and outfit to match, because...that would be weird. A problem: to get the edges of the hair without getting paint on her skin, after I'd already done exactly that, I taped up her whole face with masking tape. It was really tedious and it kind of took a long time. And then when I was done painting... haha yep, paint got under the masking tape. Most of that came off with some rubbing alcohol, but still--annoying. (You can't really tell here, but the tape itself actually left some residue on her eyes, too.) I'm pretty pleased with the final product, though. It's a pretty simple custom, but it looks the way I wanted it to. Chapter 4 : MCU: Funko Natasha Romanoff and Peggy Carter with Captain America shield Okay, these aren't exactly proper customs because all I did was buy the cheap Age of Ultron Captain America figure and clip his shield to Natasha and Peggy long enough for the pictures, but I did buy the Cap figure specifically to do this. I wanted to duplicate the adorable Funko shirt of AoU Natasha with Steve's shield, which was sadly exclusive to SDCC and therefore horribly expensive, and then I figured I might as well do the same with Peggy. So now the ladies who have actually held the shield in canon get to hold it as Funko figures too. Somewhat hilariously, I didn't realize until just now that there is an actual GameStop-exclusive Black Widow variant figure of her with the shield, so this wasn't strictly necessary. It sounds like she's hard to find, though, and although she's really cute (and I'm pleased to see any additional Black Widow merch coming out, whether I buy it or not), she's identical to the standard AoU Natasha except for the shield in place of one of her batons. (Although, let's be real, if I see her next time I'm at GameStop, I'll at least be very tempted, because...Natasha.) Chapter 5 : Agents of SHIELD: Funko Daisy Johnson / Quake / Skye Kind of spur-of-the-moment custom almost entirely based on available spare parts: Daisy Johnson / Quake / Skye from Agents of SHIELD, as seen in the most recent season with her new short haircut. I used the unmodified head of Allison Reynolds ( The Breakfast Club ), and the body is Agent May with the blue vest(?) painted black–-so, she still has the SHIELD logo on her arms, although you can barely tell in the picture. Click the pictures to see larger versions. Chapter 6 : Mass Effect: Funko female Shepard The only Funko figure of Shepard from Mass Effect is the default-for-some-reason White Dude Shepard, which is terrible, so I decided I'd make my own FemShep to match my in-game Shepard (who has short black hair and an eyebrow scar). She's made from a modified Agent Melinda May (Agents of SHIELD) head on a mostly unmodified Dude Shep body, because 1) Shepard is buff and she seriously doesn't need the standard tiny female body, and 2) I know canon FemShep’s armor has boob cups but there’s literally no reason it needs to (see also Captain Phasma and Brienne of Tarth ). The guns on her back are from Marvel Legends Star Lord, which pleases me as a good use of spare parts, and yeah, for the box I just stuck Agent May’s face on top of Dude Shep’s. In case anyone's curious, these are the original figures I used; I got to use a Dremel for the first time to carve off some of May's hair: Also, because she's a Marvel Funko figure, May is a bobblehead, and theoretically that should have meant I could pretty much unscrew it instead of having to boil the figure and carefully pop the head off. BUT NOPE. Pliers and a lot of effort were involved instead. I imagine it depends on the figure, so I guess I'm just unlucky. Chapter 7 : Dragon Age Origins: Alistair and Isley Amell (female mage Warden) Lyviel and I decided to make our mutual friend a Christmas gift of her Dragon Age: Origins warden Isley Amell (tiny angry human mage) and her love interest Alistair, both in Funko form. Look how cute they are! Isley’s head is from human Ariel and her body is from Anna ( Frozen ), both repainted, and she also has her own mage staff from my stash of Star Wars fodder, probably from Yoda originally. Alistair is a repainted Kristoff (also Frozen ) body with the pointed toes cut off and an Age of Ultron Hawkeye head. So he’s a bobblehead and Isley isn’t, which is kind of appropriate, because he’s a huge dork. (I'm also romancing him in my playthrough, because seriously how could I not, he is such an adorable dork .) Lyviel/Calli and I spent most of Thanksgiving weekend on this project and it was a lot of fun once we figured out what we were doing (more or less). Calli painted both bodies and I mostly did Isley’s head. We wanted to give her appropriately angry eyebrows but decided we weren't artistically talented enough to risk screwing up her face. In general though, we're both really pleased with how these two came out, and our friend loved them, so yay all around. :) Bonus in-progress pictures: me at work, and Calli’s evil cat after ripping the heads off for us. Kidding. Probably. And here they are in their new home! Chapter 8 : Mass Effect: Funko default female Shepard Another custom Funko, this one actually for someone I didn't already know, which is super weird but kind of cool. After I tweeted my Shep to some Bioware people, she got retweeted enough that one guy asked me to make another one. This is basically default FemShep, using DudeShep’s body again with Scully’s head. It wasn’t as simple as it should have been, first because getting DudeShep’s head to separate from his neck ring ended up being unexpectedly difficult (this was when I stabbed my finger with a needle file), and then so was getting that back on his body and Scully’s head on his neck. But all’s well that ends well and now maybe I know better for next time. (Also, I’m pleased with the box.) Chapter 9 : Marvel Comics: Kid Loki (3.75" scale) Summary: My first custom figure that's not a Funko! YOOOOOOOO LOOK WHAT I MADE Kid Loki is at last basically done! I should still do a little bit of paint touch-up and then seal him, but nothing I plan to do will change him much visually, and I wanted to post anyway because I’m excited. This little guy is my first non-Funko custom figure, and I’m pretty proud of him even if he’s not perfect, because he’s the most complicated custom I’ve made so far. I’d been planning to make him for a while, because I love this kid to bits and I happened to have a child Boba Fett action figure that would work really well, and then a relevant contest on Figure Realm came along to give me a deadline! So that all worked out nicely. (It ended up with very few entries, too, so I actually got fourth place--I mean, I didn't win anything, but people liked it so that's cool.) As mentioned, the base is young Boba Fett from Attack of the Clones , from a giant stash of Star Wars fodder a former professor gave me. Unfortunately little Boba is weirdly pouty, much more than I’d like, but I am definitely not at a skill level where I want to try repainting or resculpting anybody’s face. Loki is almost completely repainted; I also clipped out the bottom of his tunic and sanded down his puffy pants (first time using power tools, too, so that was exciting). The medallion/clasp is a thumb tack with a print-out of his symbol glued on, because I can’t actually draw, and the bands on his boots and gloves are painted rubber bands. The hood is sculpted from air-drying clay (I’m not hugely fond of Kid Loki’s second black hood anyway and didn’t want to make this unnecessarily complicated, so he just doesn’t have that part or his circlet, which is fine because he didn’t wear them in a few Journey Into Mystery issues). Marvel Universe Thor (3.75") is also shown here for scale, and because every Loki needs his big brother. (I’ll be honest: my intention to make Kid Loki was the entire reason I bought a comics Thor in the first place.) And here's what the Boba action figure looked like before I did anything to it: Chapter 10 : Unravel: Yarny I don't even know if I'll be any good at this game (I often suck at puzzle games, despite liking them in theory), but everything about it is adorable, so of course I had to make my own Yarny after Martin Sahlin posted instructions . My Yarny is a bit smaller than the original, mostly because I wanted to pose him with my action figures , and I used red pipe cleaners (doubled up and twisted together to make them stronger) instead of armature wire. Hard to say whether that's better or worse in terms of looks and ease of construction, but he turned out okay. Mostly okay. His eyes, admittedly, are a little weird. Chapter 11 : MCU / Marvel Comics: Funko Pepper Potts as Rescue An extremely quick and simple custom Funko: Pepper in the Iron Man suit, aka Rescue! I mean, she only wore the suit for about 30 seconds in the MCU and it looked a little different, and she wasn’t called anything, and actual comics Rescue has boob-plate armor because of course she does, but whatever. This is just a Claire Standish (Breakfast Club) head and an Age of Ultron Iron Man, both of which I picked up very cheap. Chapter 12 : MCU: Funko Coronation Loki New, much more complex custom than Pepper: coronation Loki! Yes, I made a Pop of Loki from the tragic little deleted scene about his sad nerd fantasy , and I’m still finding bits of fake fur everywhere. The base was of course TDW Loki; I cut off his dagger and gave him Mjolnir and a red cape instead, both from the cheap 3.75" Age of Ultron Thor figure, and then added the fur, which was kind of a huge pain. It’s probably a little hard to tell in these pictures, but I also painted over all the green bits on Loki’s costume with a layer of black so the green is barely visible, because I don’t know if it was intentional but that’s what I see in the deleted scene (and it makes sense, given that green is Loki’s color and his fantasy is about him being Thor ). Chapter 13 : Fallout 4: Funko Nick Valentine Did this Nick Valentine Funko figure for a specific request--much more complicated than a lot of the other customs I've doing. The head, left hand, and right arm are from Freddy Krueger , and the body is from the X-Files Cigarette Smoking Man . Basically everything had to be repainted--skin, eyes, coat, metal hand--and I also modified the hand so it looked a little more like a robotic hand rather than knives, added a hat band (a perfectly sized rubber band, painted black), added patches to his coat with clay, and used more clay at the sides of his head to mimic where his synthetic skin is peeling off. Also ended up having to use my rotary tool to widen his neck hole, because it wouldn't fit otherwise. Nick was definitely the most complex custom Funko I've done so far and I feel like he took FOREVER (well, he kind of did, probably around 20 hours spread out over a couple weeks, although I really need to do better at keeping track of the time I spend), but I'm pretty pleased with how he came out. A few progress pictures: Chapter 14 : Mass Effect: more Funko female Shepards After being asked on Twitter to make another FemShep figure, I ended up making a few other Shepard variants, depending on requests. So far, I've made these: This version of default redhead FemShep uses the head from Age of Ultron Black Widow; the blonde is Rachel Duncan from Orphan Black with repainted eyes, and both black-haired Shepards use the head of Mikasa Ackerman from Attack on Titan (the customer specifically requested purple eyes for the second one to match his girlfriend's Shepard as a gift, which I thought was sweet). The black-haired ones also ended up being a little more complicated because Mikasa (and Mulan, for what it's worth) have heads made differently from the others, all one piece of much thicker plastic instead of lighter plastic with a separate neck ring, so I ended up having to use my rotary tool to shave down the neck peg or widen the neck hole. Chapter 15 : Underworld: Selene, Michael, and Lucian (4" scale) A gift for a friend: 4" scale figures of Selene, Michael Corvin (hybrid form), and Lucian from the Underworld movies. Selene is a repainted Marvel Universe Valkyrie with the belt and long hair removed; Michael is a repainted Marvel Universe Drax with a repainted head from the cheap Age of Ultron Thor. I'm pretty happy with both of them. Lucian is a repainted Endor Han Solo , which is why he's shorter than the other two; I painted the beard and added long hair from a Jedi in my stash. The necklace is obviously just an approximation of the one he wears in the movies. Chapter 16 : MCU: Funko Loki in Captain America costume Another custom, sort of! I mean, it is, but I only swapped the heads long enough to take this picture, which was actually kind of hard because Steve’s neck peg is a lot thicker than Loki’s, so the spring didn’t fit and I just sort of had to balance the head on there. Anyway. Loki in the Captain America suit, because of the deleted scene where Tom actually wears the costume as Loki imitating Cap before Chris Evans’ version of him imitating Tom being Loki imitating Cap (and/or Loki in any Steve/Loki fic where he wears Steve’s suit for some reason). Look, I already had both figures, I couldn’t resist. Chapter 17 : Fallout 3: customized male Funko Lone Wanderer Here's a simple custom Funko I wanted to share because I found a solution that made me feel pretty clever: the person who requested it wanted a male Lone Wanderer with glasses, and because there weren’t any glasses-wearing figures that matched the buyer's screenshot very well, I bought Peeta for the head and a cheap Alex Vause for the glasses. Alex has long hair, though, covering where the arms of the glasses would be, so the glasses just didn’t have arms and I had to find something else to replace them. I eventually thought to use the tines from a plastic fork, and they worked perfectly–-you probably wouldn’t guess the glasses didn’t begin life that way if you didn’t already know. Chapter 18 : Marvel's Jessica Jones: Funko Jessica Jones Another request: Jessica Jones! I repainted a Gotham Selina Kyle figure, which also involved cutting off the goggles, discovering that they left behind two big holes in her head, adding clay to cover up the holes, and slowly losing my mind as I added more and more layers of clay in attempts to smooth out the rough areas on the hood. Unfortunately, I completely forgot to take any progress pictures to show what I mean, because lately I've barely been able to keep a thought in my head long enough to act on it. Chapter 19 : Red Dead Redemption: Funko John Marston and Abigail Marston Finally a personal project: John and Abigail Marston from Red Dead Redemption! I probably need to mess with Abigail’s belt (a rubber band) more because I don’t like how it looks, and also maybe give her a gun, but I’m really pleased with how John turned out. Abigail is a repainted Claire Randall from Outlander , and John is Sheriff Mannix from The Hateful Eight . The beard is of course painted, and the scars were made with a utility knife, nail-polish remover, and a little flesh-colored paint. Normally I would've tried harder to make the paint job smoother on Marston's clothes, except everything he wears is like 60% dust and dirt, so the rougher look (especially the dust on his boots) is intentional. Chapter 20 : MCU: Funko Loki in Avengers Captain America costume A custom for mojobaby75 , and the first time a request was arranged through/because of Tumblr ! This is the actually screen-accurate version of the Loki Cap figure I half-assed earlier , using a Captain America body from the first Avengers movie. (This one was not half-assed. His head is properly attached. Jewelry pliers and super glue were involved.) As before, this is Loki in the Captain America suit, because of the TDW deleted scene where Tom actually wears the costume as Loki imitating Cap before Chris Evans’ version of him imitating Tom being Loki imitating Cap (and/or Loki in any Steve/Loki fic where he wears Steve’s suit for some reason). Chapter 21 : Bottlecap shield What is says on the tin: I have no excuse for this. It just occurred to me that a metal bottlecap would be about the right size for a shield for my 3.75" figures, and I thought it would be funny and pretty easy to make if I just glued a decent twist-tie to the cap, so I did it. This actually took longer to make than I'd expected because it turns out even super glue doesn't dry very fast on shiny metal, but oh well, it's on solidly now. Chapter 22 : Star Wars / Saturday Night Live: Funko Undercover Boss Kylo Ren Another request, this one for Emily , whom I already knew: Undercover Boss Kylo Ren , a.k.a. Matt the Radar Technician, from Adam Driver's awesome SNL skit. (Seriously, if you haven't watched it yet, fix that.) The head is Napoleon Dynamite , with the glasses temporarily removed so I could repaint his half-closed eyes, and the body is a repainted Steve Hiller from Independence Day . The lightsaber hand and figure base are both from an actual Kylo Ren Funko figure , with some added clay to cover up where I glued it. I just printed the name tag, and the First Order patches were cut out from a pack of Star Wars stickers that happened to be the last one available at Michaels. "Matt" was a little tricky, especially the hand, but overall this was a fun project and I'm really pleased with how he turned out. Chapter 23 : Marvel Comics (Earth X): May Parker as Venom A new custom, finally another one that isn't a Funko! In Marvel's Earth-9997, the world of the Earth X series (and followup series Universe X and Paradise X ), the venom symbiote has attached itself to May Parker , Spider-Man's daughter. He thinks he's lost her, but nope--she's strong enough that she's completely retained her own mind and personality, able to use her new symbiote powers however she wants along with the spider powers she inherited from her dad. During a later part of the storyline, she meets Spider-Girl from a different universe, and after a brief misunderstanding, they're both thrilled to have a sister. Although I find the Earth X books kind of weird and confusing in general, I care a lot about May (and Iron Maiden , and Earth-9997 Loki , and...that's mostly it). This figure was almost entirely made from a repainted Marvel Legends Wasp (shown next to Marvel Legends Spider-Girl in a couple of these pictures; I didn't realize when I picked the Wasp body that the sizes were so different, but Venom struck me as older than Spider-Girl, so whatever). The unmasked version uses Wasp's head with a few painted tendrils; the masked version uses a repainted head from a 6" Spider-Man of some kind that I found at a thrift store, whose neck peg was unfortunately a lot smaller, so I had to open it up quite a bit with my Dremel. I also opened up the holes that were already on Wasp's back for her wings so I could stick in repainted Lego Venom symbiote tendrils. Her claw-like hand, which is also removable because I drilled a hole in it so it would fit over May's wrist, is from an older Penance action figure I found at my local comics shop. Chapter 24 : Fallout 4: custom Funko female Sole Survivor A very simple figure I made by request a while ago: a custom Sole Survivor with a facial scar. I say Sole Survivor even though I obviously used the Lone Wanderer body , because there is actually not a female Sole Survivor Funko figure, and I modified the vault number on the back a little bit to look like 111 instead of 101 (luckily for me, most of it's covered up by a strap, so I didn't have to do much). I thought for sure I took a picture of this, but apparently I did not, so you'll just have to take my word for it. Anyway, the head is from Bioshock Infinite Elizabeth , and I made the scar the same way I did with John Marston , by scoring the face with a utility knife and then going over it with nail-polish remover and flesh-colored paint. Chapter 25 : Mass Effect: Funko female Shepard with pink hair This request was for a female Shepard with pink hair because the person who requested it used a mod that specifically made their Shepard look like Lightning from Final Fantasy. I’m pretty pleased with this one; normally when I paint hair you can kinda tell it’s been repainted, but this one looks really smooth, probably in part because I started with blonde ( Power Girl ) hair and used a coat of white paint first to prime it. Maybe also because I bought this specific paint color rather than mixing it, but I hope that's not the case, because it's not real practical to buy every color I happen to need. Chapter 26 : MCU / Marvel Comics: Funko Pepper/Rescue variants A few more basic customs by request, all versions of the Pepper/Rescue Funko I posted before. First there's a film-accurate one using the Iron Man 3 body (which was a pain to get, because it's somewhat rare and the first one I bought turned out to be a crappy ripoff version): ...and then there's this one using Civil War Iron Man , which is admittedly awkward for plot reasons but is also closer to the IM3 suit than the Age of Ultron body is. Finally, this one is back to the Age of Ultron body but in a long-haired version using April from TMNT (because she was on clearance at Hot Topic...and apparently she's retired, so probably I should hang onto the other one I bought for the same purpose). Chapter 27 : A Streetcar Named Desire: Funko Blanche DuBois Another recent request: Blanche DuBois from the Young Vic production of A Streetcar Named Desire . The actual figure was really easy, all I did was add the polka dots (the base was Aubrey from Pitch Perfect ), but the custom box that was requested–-as unimpressive as I’m sure it looks–-was...kind of a pain. (I am somewhat proud of the Pop! Theater logos I made, though.) Chapter 28 : Hannibal: Funko Bedelia du Maurier For the person as Blanche (the request was for both of them with boxes to get them signed at a convention), another Gillian Anderson character: Bedelia du Maurier from Hannibal . Again, the custom itself was pretty simple (head is Karen from Mean Girls with repainted hair, body is Felicity Smoak from Arrow with repainted blouse); the custom box was the harder part. Chapter 29 : Celebrities: Funko David Duchovny I've had several requests lately and I've gotten behind on posting them anywhere, so here's the first one: David Duchovny as seen on his Hell Or Highwater European tour. The body is from WWE Roddy Piper , because he's one of maybe four Funko figures wearing a kilt and the only one also wearing a t-shirt instead of period clothes, and the head is Michael Bluth from Arrested Development . His mic hand, either ironically or appropriately, is from Cigarette Smoking Man (a leftover from when I used his body to make Nick Valentine for another request). Obviously this figure required a full repaint (and let me tell you what, those shoelaces were a pain), but I also had to reposition his right arm and use clay to fill in the gaps between his arm and his new hand. Roddy was also wearing wristbands, which I tried to sand down with my rotary tool; you probably can't tell from the tiny picture, but he also has major ab muscles because, you know, he's a wrestler, and that didn't really match the David Duchovny pictures. So I used the rotary tool on his abs too and sanded them down, which was weird. The mic stand is made entirely of spare parts and I'm kind of proud of it for that reason; the mic itself is from TMNT April (I used her head for Pepper ), the pole is from some Lego pieces I happened to have, and the base is scrap of some kind from a Lunar Module model I made when I was like 10. And a slightly creepy progress picture: Chapter 30 : Fallout 4: customized Funko male Sole Survivor One of my favorite things about taking requests is seeing how many people ask for another person’s RPG character for them as a gift (especially when it’s “I want to surprise my girlfriend with a Pop of her Shepard,” tbh). In this case, the recipient had customized his Fallout 4 Sole Survivor to look like himself, so I based my custom on a picture of him. The head is Pedro from Napoleon Dynamite with repainted eyes and a new beard; the body is a Sole Survivor with the hands repainted to match the skin on his face, or rather repeated attempts to do so that never quite matched, oops. Chapter 31 : Star Trek: Funko Kathryn Janeway Another request: Kathryn Janeway from Star Trek: Voyager, which was a cool project. The body is Deanna Troi from TNG , fully repainted to match Janeway's uniform (I just very carefully painted around Deanna's Starfleet symbol so I wouldn't have to reproduce it), and the head is an unmodified Agent Scully ; she also has a repainted gun from my stash of Star Wars parts, which required detaching her hand from her side. The red part of her uniform is harder to see with her head in place, unfortunately, so I included a progress picture. Chapter 32 : A Streetcar Named Desire: Funko Blanche DuBois (ball gown) Because of my previous Blanche Pop being reblogged, I got a request for another one of those and one for her in one of her other costumes (link). The head is Edith from Crimson Peak , and the body is Katniss in her wedding dress , painted pink and with some of the decorative bits removed. The tiara is actually made of those cut-off bits, so that worked out well. Because Blanche is holding a bottle in the reference picture and I happened to have an extra Orphan Black Felix body, I also replaced one of her arms with his, with additional clay and repainting to make everything match. Chapter 33 : Dragon Age Origins: Funko Warden Alistair I picked up an Age of Ultron Hawkeye on clearance a while ago figuring I could use him to make another Alistair ; more recently, I also found Bronn on clearance and I grabbed him for the body, and last weekend I decided to slap the parts together so I could get at least one Pop box out of my room. (I…used to have a halfway-decent way of storing Pops I’d bought for parts, and then I kept buying them and ran out of room.) It turned out that Bronn’s head and neck were kind of weird so it took more time and effort than I expected, but I figured it out and now I have a cute Alistair bobblehead that I can easily make again if I get requests. Chapter 34 : DC Heroes: Funko Darkseid Impopster I stumbled across a Batman Funko at a thrift store, which didn't interest me much, but I figured since it was already kind of beat up, it was a prime candidate for repainting if I could think of a good theme. The obvious thing was to make another entry in Funko's little Impopsters line, because even the official ones are literally just repaints of Batman (and Batgirl) rather than new sculpts. There are only two classic Batman villains who have Pops I could use as a model but that haven't been made into Impopsters yet, Darkseid and Deathstroke , and Darkseid looked easier, so Darkseid it was. This custom just involved a lot of repainting, which I did on and off over one weekend, and Impopster Darkseid turned out pretty much the way I intended, so I’m pretty pleased with it. Chapter 35 : Star Wars / Disney: Darth Stitch Made this Darth Stitch custom as a Christmas gift for my sister (and her new baby’s Star Wars themed nursery). He’s a leftover Kylo Ren body with Stitch head, hands, and feet, plus a lightsaber from my stash of Star Wars stuff and a hood made from scrap velvet. I also discovered from this project that 1) Stitch is a lot harder to cut through than every other Funko figure I've used for customizing, which meant a lot of work with my rotary tool, and 2) making a hood like this is a pain in the ass. Chapter 36 : Pets: Scully (Pomeranian mix) Here's another custom I made as a Christmas gift, this one for my mom; it was originally Gidget from Secret Life of Pets , and to make it look like our Pomeranian mix Scully, I removed the bow and eyelashes, made new ears out of clay, and used two coats of paint in slightly different colors to look a little more like fur. As you can see, the real Scully is cuter than this Funko version of him, but I'm still pretty pleased with the final result (and with the fact that two of my Christmas gifts were hand-made, which is something I definitely haven't done in a long time). Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Fandom non-fiction series Next Work → ← Previous Work Part 13 of the Video game fanworks series Next Work →