Her brother had not been right as a child. Looking back on it now, Rey realizes they she should have seen this sooner. Her father should have. Her mother should have. Luke should have. Out of everyone she has ever known, she thinks Luke should have sensed it. He had not been dark inside. No, he had just been dimmer than she was, in the way he lurked on the fringes and kept to the back of crowds and entrance halls. It was in the way his mouth was set in a solid line like it was made of stone. She was older than him. As children, she had been louder. She had burned brighter. She was more combative and upfront and forthcoming than him. She was all of these things, and yet—and yet— She had not been the child born with the power to wield the Force. She could not sense disturbances, or peace, or unrest. She could not move as fast or as far. She could not move things without touching them. And for this, she had been bitter—for a time. Her uncle had always spoken so highly of Jedi, of a new age, of something better, and Ren— Well. He had used the Force, yes, but none of them saw how he delved into the darker histories of the universe—how he asked more questions about the Sith than the Jedi, how he spent more time researching in the dark than he did with, well, anyone. He spent more time in the shadows as a child than she thought someone could, and now— She had been nineteen when he’d approached her. He was two years her junior, still lanky, still had that awkward kind of look to him, even though Luke said he was fast approaching the skill level of a Jedi Knight. (Though, she wouldn’t know anything about that. Blasters and shock staffs and, on occasion, explosives, are more of a friend to her than the Force.) There had been a sabbatical leave. Ren had left Naboo and hadn’t been seen in almost three years. He had kept contact, yes, to appease Luke and their mother, but besides that, they didn’t know what he had done while he was away. When he came back, there had been something wrong. The dim in him was striking; it showed in the shadows under his eyes, in the sureness of his (still awkward) movements. Her brother had not been right as a child, but this was someone else entirely. A total stranger, wholly unknown. He hadn’t attacked her. Not with his hands. Not with his lightsaber. There had been—a change. Inside her. She saw his eyes narrow and felt something disconnect and then click! within her mind. She understood what it meant as soon as it happened. Anger had sparked within her, hot like a desert world. And she had hit him. Hard. Blood has gushed from his nose. When he reached for his lightsaber, she turned and ran for the hanger. Luke could not stop him. Leia Organa and Han Solo could not even stop their own son as he vanished from the planet’s surface. They could not stop him, and, although they tried to, they could not stop her from leaving, either. Rey had fled. She had fled using an old, unused shuttle she’d swung into by chance, because the rust bucket had been the closest thing. With no plan, no provisions—only something within her that told her to run, because her brother was not the same as he was when he left and he looked like he wanted death, like he wanted something worse for the world than what was already there— She locked herself into the cockpit. Strapped herself to the chair. Her hands were steady the whole time, yet her heartbeat was wild. But she was not afraid. (There is a stash of dusty holograms and cracked holopads stored away under the seat. Rey examines them closely; in her mother’s written hand, they are labeled mother . She watches them once she escapes the system, once her heart has stopped racing and she’s calmed down enough to formulate some type of plan. Something that resembled a plan, at the very least. The woman—beautiful, a senator from the time before the Empire, a woman Rey thinks she knows better than she does her brother—appears. She looks like Leia. She looks like her , and she thinks warmly, then sadly, then with love— Grandmother .) Years later, he calls her a coward. On Jakku, when he finds her with dust in her clothes, a mere scavenger now, he calls her a coward for running. He says she should not have run. She should have faced him. She shoots him this time, with the blaster her father had given her when she had barely learned to walk. He screams. There’s a hole in his shoulder. Guilt twists itself like a vine through her for a brief moment before she take’s the Stormtrooper’s arm and runs while Ren twists in pain and pulls him away from the scene. They need to leave. He had not been right as a child. This sits heavily inside her chest, behind and in between of her delicate, human ribs. It sits there, cold and unrecognizable, much like a stone. Despite the fact that it had come as a surprise to everyone, it makes her fingers curl into fists. She should have known . Notes: The theory was that Kylo Ren tried to turn his sister to the dark side, but he failed, and then she fled. Also included the theory that "Kylo" might be a title (like Darth?) and that his name is actually Ren. Ren and Rey. Sounds siblings-y, right? My own headcannon is that Rey is older (if they're siblings) and that her brother was the force sensitive one. I'm all for Rey being a Jedi but at the same time I'd be 100% down for her not being a Force user, too.