Finn watches the woman warily as she sinks down into a heap across from him on the sand dune. Her chest heaves as she desperately sucks air into her lungs, like she’d been underwater for too long. Her fingers wrap around her staff and squeeze until her knuckles bleed white. The redness in her face begins to fade away while the sun sinks below the horizon behind her. She allows her back to hit the ground with a dull thud after a few minutes, left hand pressed against her side. He doesn’t exactly know what to make of her, but he knows he hasn’t met anyone quite like her before before. Well, if he really thinks about it, he’ll realize that he doesn’t remember the last time he met someone who hadn’t volunteered to join the First Order. He can't help but wonder if that's a good thing or not. Her breathing finally evens out after a while, and her eyes shut soon after. For a minute, he thinks she’s fallen asleep, but then she speaks. Her voice is loud in the uneasy quiet that has settled around them. “You found me, then.” Her tone is flat. He doesn’t say anything, but his lack of a response is enough of an answer for her to crack an eye open and frown at him. “I take it you were ordered to bring me back alive.” Again, Finn doesn’t say anything. How can he? She saved his life, even when he was tasked to end the one she knew it by bringing her to Phasma. Even when she knew why he was there. She must have known as soon as she saw the ship. The woman scrubs a hand across her face as her frown deepens; with a huff, she rolls over onto her stomach, facing away from him. “Do you know why?” she asks him without turning her head; instead, she rests her chin in the crook of her elbow. “No,” he says finally. “Oh,” replies the woman, sounding a little disappointed. Like she was expecting another answer. If there was one she wanted to hear, he didn’t know it. He hesitates before asking, but he can’t help it: “Why did you save me?” She doesn’t respond. She pretends she never heard him ask. “What did you do?” Finn asks after a beat, because they are all alone out in the desert, his blaster was lost when smugglers jumped in back near the space port, he is without his helmet, and there is nothing else for him to do. A shoulder is shrugged vaguely in response. Her staff remains safely tucked under her arm. He sweeps the back of his hand across his forehead, feeling his skin begin to cool as late-afternoon starts its transition into early-evening. He wonders if, when night falls, it will be too cold to stay out in the open like this. Finn thinks back to the briefing on the cruiser. The report his unit received had contained very little, and Phasma had said even less about this woman. It had only stated that the last sighting of her had been in Theed, on Naboo, and that had been some years ago. There was no name, no date or place of birth— nothing to help give the face an identity. Besides the one grainy, blurred picture in the report, there was no other evidence that suggested that she existed. And the picture had been of a child—maybe at fourteen, fifteen, possibly sisxteen—was the only thing they had. And this woman—weary, tall, with firmly-set shoulders, dirt on her clothes, and an angry look in her eye—was no child. But it was her all the same. “We should go.” Finn blinks; she’s holding out her hand to him. He didn’t realize she'd stood. Without thinking he accepts her proffered hand and is startled when she easily heaves him to his feet. The abruptness of the motion and change in axis nearly sends him stumbling, but a firm hand catches his shoulder and rights him. He opens his mouth to thank her, but she’s already trudging past him, in the direction of the moons already hanging low in the sky. “Come on,” she calls over her shoulder, swinging her staff over her shoulder into the sheath that is parallel with the line of her spine, “I know a place.” He starts walking, feeling more than a little lost and out of his depth as he nearly trips when his boot sinks ankle-deep into the sand. Eventually, he falls in line beside her. For a while, they walk in a semi-comfortable silence. After they’ve crested what feels like the hundredth-hundredth dune of the evening, she finally decides to speak as she finishes skirting carefully around a rocky, crumbling ravine and comes to stand beside him, breathing hard. “If you ask, they’ll call me a traitor,” she says conversationally while she grabs his arm and starts moving again, this time at a quicker pace. They must be getting close to wherever it is she wants to go, but all Finn can see are scraggly cliffs, deserted valleys, and the dunes that stretch on endlessly before his eyes. “They’ll say that I—” she stops, lets his arm go, and then drops down to the ledge below. “—betrayed them.” She waits patiently as he carefully descends from the overhang onto the edge. It’s getting harder to see. “Did you?” “I betrayed the First Order,” she answers with a scowl as she turns her back on him and continues on along the cliff side. "And I betrayed him ." Her hand reaches out to clutch at the wall; he can hear the rocks beneath their feet shifting. He follows her lead, careful to step where she does in order to avoid the weaker-looking spots. “Him, who?” he pauses before he follows her around a sharp corner. Who could she mean? “Supreme Leader Snoke?” “No,” she says, grabbing his arm again as soon as they’ve reached the treacherous sands again. They stop for a moment, and just when he thinks she’s going to tell him what he wants to know, she grabs his arm and starts to run. “Come on!” she says, and he quickly finds that if he doesn’t start running, too, she’ll only drag him as far as she means to go. “We’re almost there.” Finn would like to ask where is ‘there?’ but he doesn’t get the chance. He’s too busy following the woman and her patterns as she zig-zags her way down a hill. He wonders, distantly, if she set traps, because her expression seems more open and a little, dare he say, carefree, as they fly down the embankment and suddenly twist around another scraggly corner, and— Bright lights blind the both of them as they skid to a halt. He feels her drop his arm. Squinting, he tries to make out the blurry figures that stand out against the glare, and when he is able to see who it is, his gut tells him to stand up straight, to attention. He can hear a shuttle’s engine humming gently, and, though it hurts his eyes to, he finds the ones waiting for the two of them are Kylo Ren, Captain Phasma, and his his entire unit—dwindling in numbers since arriving in occupied, hostile territory, but very much alive and very much there . He’s not exactly sure how feels. It’s possible that, in that moment, he felt nothing at all but surprise. From what Finn can tell, they’re in front of a junk yard—a massive heap of scrap metal and the ruins of whatever it is that have crashed, burned, and died on Jakku over the years; he can make out skeletons of charred ships and maybe even one of a bunker, but it’s too dark beyond the blaring light to be sure. This place must be hers. It is what must have given her hope when they escaped the short-lived danger of the cliffs. “You,” it comes out a whisper, a hiss, a ghost on a breath, Finn thinks as one of his comrades slaps him on the back and hands him his helmet—scuffed and dusty now. Kylo Ren, covered in head to toe in black, says nothing. He and Captain Phasma seem impassive, but it’s impossible to tell with their respective mask and helmet on. No one moves. No one speaks. Not until— “You!” she repeats again loudly at the same time Captain Phasma shouts “Seize her!” And they do; the stormtroopers swarm her, but not before she un-sheaths her staff in one swift, graceless motion and takes him and two other troopers out with all the force of someone who was trapped, who had no place left to go and nothing else to do but fight. They strip her of her staff and the blaster he didn’t realize she kept at her hip. They grab her by both arms and thrust her towards the depths of the awaiting shuttle. And Finn— Finn is wondering why his gut twists, why it turns and aches and threatens to spill over with unease and something other as someone shoves his helmet over his head, hauls him to his feet—not unlike how the woman had before the sun went down—and shoves him toward the shuttle. He falls easily back in line behind another trooper, a trooper who turns around and gives him a thumbs-up. Finn is wondering why his head won’t stop pounding, why something light inside of him is telling him that now, now is the time . His head spins. His vision is still blurred from the hit he took. And, maybe, he loses his head for a few second, because the next thing he knows he’s standing next to the woman and there’s a blaster being handed to him. He has no memory of stepping onto the ramp or shouldering a path through the crowd of stormtroopers. “Phasma,” she hisses, “Kylo,” she continues, answering his question from before. Her expression is dark. “All of them.” She darts a glance over her shoulder. “What did you do?” he asks her again in a low voice, careful not to be overheard by the others, He watches as her hands are crossed behind her back and shackled there by the stormtrooper behind them. The shuttle groans, then shakes; they’ll be taking off any minute now. “I left them,” she replies after a moment, once she shakes off the gloved hands, “I saw the light and I left them all in the dark.” His brows furrow. “You mean the Knights of—” “I’m not going back,” she says, shaking her head. She darts another look over her shoulder, and this time he sees her eyes widen a fraction. He sees her body tense. He doesn’t have to look over her shoulder to know who is making their way back through the ranks. Just by the way the man in front of him stiffens, he knows. He can’t help wondering why , though—and for what. What had she done as a young girl to warrant so much interest from the First Order? How does she know them, the lightsaber-weilder and Phasma? Why was she running from them? What— “And you,” she says, dropping her voice to a whisper, swiveling her head to look him in the eye with her own, “you don’t have to either. Go back, that is. You know this.” She looks oddly determined now. Something within her— She looks, he thinks, like she is brimming with hope. “I—” “Jedi Master Luke Skywalker,” she hisses, “find him. He’ll help you.” Finn gets the impression she’s trying to help him. Why, he doesn’t know. He doesn’t know why she even bothered to save him earlier that day in the first place. With that, she manages to barrel through the line of stormtroopers with sheer will alone. When someone loses their balance, he finds himself crashing against the inner wall of the shuttle. Her shoulder, he thinks dazedly, will probably bruise from the impact of hitting so much body armor in so little time. He watches as he’s pulled to his feet yet again as she leaps off the rising ramp, just before it closes, and wonders how hard she hit the ground. There’s shouting—orders to the pilot, telling them the fugitive just escaped—but it can only go so fast. By the time they’re all outside again with blasters at the ready, she’s gone. There’s no sign of her anywhere. Notes: Although it doesn't come up in the fic at all, I kept in mind the (highly unlikely) theory that Sabé is actually the grandmother of Rey. While I am an avid supporter of the theory that Han and Leia are her parents (and, therefore, Padmé is her grandmother), I am also down for other theories that still connect her to characters that we saw in the prequel trilogy. Which I love with all my heart. I made an edit for the Sabé theory here .