Clint/Natasha "Nat! C'mon. Don't be mad." "I am not mad." "Really, because you seem a little… Whoa. Ok. Not mad. " "You told him!" "No, I didn't! He guessed and I just… didn't deny it." "You told him." "So?" "He'll use it against us." "How?" "I don't know, but it's Stark. He'll find a way." "He'll rib us a bit about it - or rather, he'll rib me because he's scared of you - and then he'll shut up. It'll be fine." "I don't like it when other people know." "Why?" "It's a vulnerability. It let's other people know our weak spot. Loki… he almost managed to use it against us." "He tried. But he didn't succeed, did he? You were strong enough not to let him." "But --" "Hey. I know it bothers you. But I also know you. And us. We talked about this a long time ago, back in Morocco when I first brought it up and then in NY when we finally did it. It doesn't change us, individually or as a team." "But Stark?" "He's our friend. We can trust him. No, don't look at me like that. You know he is. Most of the time he's a giant jackass, but he's still a good guy." "You're going to make me tell Cap, aren't you?" "Was thinking about it. Its only fair all our new eammates know. Besides, you don't think they're already a little suspicious?" "Fine. But you're telling Banner. And Thor." "Fine. Now… how can I make up this grave sin I've committed by letting Stark know?" "You can let me beat your ass in the gym." "You do that anyways. I was thinking of something a little more enjoyable." "That's not enjoyable?" "For you maybe. Now, do you want to know my idea or not?" "I'm listening." "Well, it starts with a bubble bath…" Chapter 2 : Jack Harkness Tall. Lean. A brunette this time. Huh. He'd kind of grown attached to the platinum blond. Remembers tugging roughly at it during some of their more playful moments, remembers running his fingers through it during some of the more sensual ones. He doesn't think about Gwen, with her hurt and sad brown eyes. (He'll surely disappoint her again and again. It pains him to be the cause of her distrust.) Doesn't think about Ianto, and his disapproving frown. (He'll make it up to him later. Much later. His guilt will make sure of that.) Doesn't think about his team, left behind yet again. (They've done a remarkable job in re-inventing themselves in his absence.) All he thinks about is that THIS, this is the man he loved and left and got screwed by and he doesn't know whether to kiss him or throttle him. In the end, he decides to do both. Chapter 3 : Sarah/Jae She's dying. And not the pretty, fading-away dying that you see on tv or in the movies. Oh no, she's dying with a capitol D, all messy and painful and violent. She never could do anything the easy way. And it wouldn't be so bad, the dying, except she keeps having these visions, and it's the visions, more than the pain or anything else, that are driving her crazy. Especially the ones that make her think Jae is there with her. Jae, waking her up in the mornings, making love to her, grabbing her hand as they run off down the railroad tracks together. Jae, holding her in his arms as she waits for the latest seizure to pass; Jae, pressing a glass of water to her lips; Jae, giving her the blessed relief that only an injection of drugs can offer. Jae... always Jae. Except there is no Jae in this hellhole of a place she's managed to find refuge in. And no amount of bionic tinkering is enough to make him materialize. She's good - damned good - but not that good. Which is a pity, because if she was, not only would she not be dying with a capitol D, she really would be running down those railroad tracks with him by her side... Chapter 4 : Tony & Pepper It couldn't be. He knew he'd been working a lot of long hours, but there was no way he could have conjured up this in his sleep. It wasn't even possible. "POTTS!" She was there in an instant, standing at the doorway with that look on her face, the one that showed both annoyance and indulgence. "What, Tony?" "What the fuck is this?" he asked, pointing to his work table. "I don't know." She stepped over the threshhold of his lab and peered down into the basket sitting there. "It appears to be a baby." "A baby?" "Yes, Tony, a baby," she said, reaching in and picking the tiny infant up. "You know, a little miniature adult?" "I know what a baby is, Potts. What I want to know is how the hell it got here?" "I would think you, of all people, would know how babies get here," she said, smirking. "Clever. But maybe you'd like to explain how it got in my lab, since I believe it takes about nine months to grow one of those things." "It's not a thing, it's a -" Pepper checked beneath the blanket. "It's a she." "A... she?" No, not a she. Much easier to think of it in terms of an object and not a... "Really? A she?" he asked, taking a closer look at the sleeping infant's face. "Yes." Chapter 5 : Tony Stark & "the ladies" There were three of them. Three beautiful girls stretched out across his bed in various states of undress. Cinnamon, Sage and... Beverly. He frowned. What kind of name was Beverly? No, that wouldn't do. Beverly was the name of your maiden aunt. Your grandmother. The crazy old bat that lived down the street. No, Beverly wouldn't do. Maybe he'd just call her Sweetie. Pumpkin. Or maybe even Darling. Girls always liked Darling; it made them feel special. Except he kept hearing Potts' voice in his head, scolding him for doing that. And really, who wanted Potts in their head at a moment like this, when three amazing girls were gazing adoringly up at him from such clear blue eyes? Well, maybe he did, he conceded as Sage made a face, which was followed closely by a god-awful smell, which triggered Cinnamon, who started to cry... and Beverly? She lay there waving her tiny fists up in the air at him, content as could be. Ok, maybe Beverly wasn't such a bad name. Chapter 6 : Ten & Rose Tyler He thinks about that Christmas more than he likes to admit. The favors, the the food, the family... Rose had decided to help out by making muffins that Christmas. They were horrible, the worst thing he'd ever tasted - and that was saying a lot, considering he'd partaken in the Vrishvry Festival on Morganstar all those years ago. But he'd eaten one and grimaced his way through chewing it until Jackie had tasted hers and nearly spit it out on the table. They'd all stared - shocked - until they started laughing and once they'd started laughing they couldn't stop. He can't help wondering, as he pilots his lonely TARDIS towards another distant planet, if Rose and the new Doctor - the Doctor that is almost him, but will never really be him - will be making muffins this Christmas. He wonders if Donna's mum will bake her muffins, or if anyone in Jack's brilliant team even knows how to cook. He bets Mickey does. Mickey seems the type, all girly and capable at the same time. He wonders if Sarah Jane will bake her son something. And he wonders, really wonders, if any of them will look up at all the dazzling stars on Christmas night and think of him. Chapter 7 : Clint/Natasha Summary: A short prompt from something at be_compromised "Big Ben, Parliament," Clint grumbles through the comm. "All this guy does is go from one end of the city to the other, over and over." "Stop complaining," Natasha replies. "At least you're up in the fresh air and not stuck down here in the cold wet with bus fumes." "Aw, but you look cute with your nose all pink," he chuckles as she mutters a curse at him in Russian. Chapter 8 : Josh/Donna Summary: A little moment between Josh and Donna. It's not my best, but I've been feeling nostalgic. (And old, but we're gonna go with mostly nostalgic.) He gestured to her feet, now shoeless and tucked primly beneath her chair, and she lifted them to his lap, a habit long honed between them. His thumbs pressed into her soles, gently massaging. She made a little moan of pleasure when he pressed a particularly sensitive spot, and one of his hands drifted higher beneath the hem of her gown to massage her calf. "You did good today," he said quietly. She blushed a little at the compliment. "I do good every day." "Yes, you do," he acknowledged with a smile. "Enough to get a raise?" "Let's not get too crazy." "A girl can dream." "Yes, she can," he answered, and she felt as if the conversation had taken a sudden turn and they were no longer talking about just a raise. "Will the President take your recommendation on the thing?" she finally asked when the silence stretched too long. His look was inscrutable when he answered, "Maybe?" "He should. You were right. And he knows it. He just doesn't want to give Mahoney any ammunition." "Doesn't matter. We did our best to convince him. It's out of our hands now." Sighing, he let go of her foot and reached around to grab his tux jacket off the back of his chair. "C'mon, it's late. Let me drive you home." Slipping back into her heels, she took his proffered arm. "Whether he says it or not, you did do good today, too." "Yeah." "Yeah," she echoed, and then they quietly slipped down the darkened corridor toward the door and front gate. Chapter 9 : Various Avengers Summary: Three sentence ficlets for @be_compromised's ATTF Unexpected Marriage "Clint, what the hell is that?" Natasha asks, her attention pulled away from his amazing arms and her plans for them by the flash of gold on his hand. He looks embarrassed and ducks his head so he doesn't have to meet her eyes as he confesses, "Uh, so... when Stark and I went out to the bar last night, he found out how good at slight of hand I am and he decided we should go to Vegas for -- hell, I don't remember what exactly -- but we drank a hell of a lot more and well... I think we got married at one of the wedding chapels on a dare," he concludes in a sudden rush. Natasha stares at him dumbfounded for a moment before doubling over in laughter; he's never going to live this down. --- Must be Tuesday "What's she doing?" Steve whispered to Clint, as he watched Natasha tilt her head and study each move the tiny, on-screen blonde made, before executing a similar move in real life and mumbling about balance and inertia. Clint shrugged and left her to her television show. "She does this every Tuesday, critiquing the choreography; you get used to it." * It's been a quiet week - with no aliens, robots or other doom-inducing villains - and Natasha's feeling a little edgy as she and Clint spar in the gym, so when her phone rings and she recognizes the Slayer's number, she picks up immediately. "Hey," the perky woman starts as soon as she answers, "I know you and Clint have been busy saving the world a lot lately -- although are you really, because I haven't seen much on the news, are you losing your touch, Romanoff? -- anyhow, we've got a problem here and Giles said not to call, but since when do I listen to him, besides which its a little more than I can handle on my own, the others are all off elsewhere, and well, I guess I don't really need to say more than that it's Tuesday, do I?" Natasha's answer is little too eager as she replies, "We'll be there as soon as we get clearance on the quinjet.". --- Nothing good happens after 2 a.m. Or does it? He's bone tired and aching, wanting nothing more than to crawl into bed and sleep the sleep of the dead for a good ten hours or more before even having to think about anything else, but the moment Natasha slips beneath the sheet beside him, all thoughts of sleep flee from his mind. She's soft and warm, and oh god, her mouth against his is intoxicating, her nimble fingers on his skin hypnotizing. He slides his arms around her lithe body and pulls her tight against him, figuring who cares if he has to meet with Fury at ass-early o'clock or he's just gotten back from a grueling mission, she's here and she's so very alluring and he doesn't have nearly enough wits about him to deny her, even if it is past two in the morning… --- Teamwork Clint's got eyes on the entrance to the compound and reports to Natasha, "Not too many front guards, so if you get half, I can get the other half easily." She takes out the first guard with a sweep of her legs, the next with her widow's bites, and before Clint has time to do much more than blink, there are six men laid out on the ground, all of them unconscious or dead, and not one marked by an arrow. "Aw, Nat, you took all the fun out if it!" Chapter 10 : Kate Bishop & Natasha Romanov Notes: I probably shouldn't write characters I've neither read nor seen the source material for, but I wanted to play around a little. That's why its a little dribble here and not a full blown fic. Constructive criticism very much appreciated! (No, really, that isn't lip service. If you wander across this, tell me what's wrong as much as what's right.) "Jesus, Natasha, don't you have any clothes here?" Kate exclaimed as the redhead walked into the kitchen buck naked. Natasha shrugged and rummaged through the kitchen cabinets until she found Clint's favorite travel mug. "They never made it as far as the bedroom." Kate groaned and covered her face with her hands. "That is so much more than I ever needed to know about Clint's sex life." "Then you probably shouldn't drop by unexpectedly so early in the morning," she said with an arched brow as she poured herself some coffee. "I didn't know you were going to be here," Kate countered. "It's not like Clint tells me these things in advance." Natasha smiled and Kate found it a little terrifying. "If it makes you feel better, I don't think he knew I'd be here either." "Oh god, please, please, please stop! I do not need to know anything more about your sex life. Especially anything about possible booty calls." "Too bad. You're missing out," Natasha said, wandering out into the living room and coming back a few moments later mostly clothed but still buttoning up her blouse. Kate sighed a little in relief. Not that Natasha wasn't gorgeous, but naked Natasha this early in the morning was a little more than even she could take. "Thank you." "Didn't get dressed for you," Natasha commented as she picked up the pilfered coffee mug. "Tell Clint I'll call him later." "Tell him yourself," Kate grumped, sipping at her own coffee. "I would, but I don't want to wake him." The serious way she said it could only mean one thing - nightmares. And if Natasha was reluctant to wake him up, they must have been pretty bad ones. "You'll tell him?" she pressed. Kate nodded. "Yeah." Natasha was just about out the door when she turned suddenly. "You may want to rethink stopping by tomorrow morning, too," she said before clicking the door shut behind her. Kate groan and poured herself another cup of coffee. It was going to be that kind of day. Chapter 11 : Avengers - Clint & Scott Summary: For @alphaflyer, who requested "Clint and Scott, before getting into the van." -- Civil War Spoilers! "So what was your name again?" Scott asked as he loped alongside Clint towards a completely innocent and yet somehow still ominous looking white van. "Clint." "And what do you do?" "I'm the archer," he said, yanking open the driver's door. Scott nodded. "Ok, right. Clint. Arrow guy. Got it." "Listen," Clint said, turning to peer over the top of the door at Lang, who was still loitering next to the van but not making any move to get in it. "Are you up to this or not? Cap asked me to fetch you, so I'm fetching, but if you aren't prepared --" "No, no! I'm prepared," Scott exclaimed. "Captain America asked for my help. Mine. Scott Lang's. So… yeah. Yes. Totally. I'm totally in." "And yet you aren't," Clint said with the merest hint of exasperation. Scott looked at him, puzzled. "The van," Clint explained. "Get in the van. We've got a bit of a drive ahead of us and I'd really like to get there sooner rather than later." Scott jogged around to the other side, but stopped once the door was open. "What should I do with my suit? Should I put it on now or throw it in the back or… What do superheroes do with their stuff when they aren't using it?" "Throw it in the back but --" Clint winced as he heard it connect with his quiver. "Watch the other gear." "Sorry about that." "Yeah," Clint muttered. "I hope Cap's right about you." Chapter 12 : Avengers - Pepper Summary: For @spyforaday, who wondered what Pepper is thinking about the public events of Civil War... The most impressive footage from the battle, the one that the news keeps playing over and over, is of Rhodes falling from the sky. The news is quick to point out that he'd been shot down by a former teammate, that neither Tony nor Sam had been able to stop him from crashing into the hard earth, and that at this time, the extent of his injuries is unknown. Pepper learns of the crash through her team of assistants, the same assistants who had kept the press from her door regarding Tony and the Accords when they'd first been introduced. They hadn't known exactly who had been hit at first - one of the flyers was all they knew - and Pepper's heart had lurched while she'd waited for more information. What if… But isn't that why'd she left? Why she'd told Tony they needed a break? Why she'd refused all personal contact? She couldn't take all the what if's that ran through her mind every time there was an incident, every time the Avengers were called in to intervene on Earth's behalf. She couldn't take the dread and despair that overcame her. What if… Tony didn't make it this time? But of course, Tony had made it this time. Instead, his best friend had been the one seriously injured. She could only begin to imagine the guilt that must be eating at Tony, to not be able to help him. Even now, over a week later, Pepper still feels the horror she felt when she first saw the image of Rhodey plunging to the ground. She had thought putting herself at a distance might help. It hadn't. It had only managed to magnify all the pain and uncertainty, made her more intensely aware of all that could and might happen. Which is why, two weeks after the magnificent Battle of the Accords, Pepper finds herself picking up the phone and dialing a number she'd never thought she'd dial again. "Tony? It's Pepper…" Chapter 13 : Avengers - Clint & Nat (implied Steve/Bucky) Summary: Clint and Natasha set off some 4th of July fireworks. Notes: A little bit of silliness to wish a Happy (late) Canada Day to the Canadians, Happy Independence Day to the Americans, and simply a Happy July to everyone else. “So what do you think of the fireworks, Nat?” Clint asked, a wicked grin on his face. She studied the pyrotechnic blaze from their perch on a roof about a half mile away. “Not bad,” she admitted. “But not quite as colorful as I’d been hoping.” “Hey, it’s hard to get a blaze like that going!” “I know. Maybe if you had let me go in there with the C4 instead of just using the fancy explosive arrows…” “Yeah, but then you’d have been busy hightailing it out of there and you wouldn’t have been able to appreciate the Hydra nest going boom.” “This is true. Plus, now I get to enjoy some 4th of July fireworks with you in the best possible way,” she said, smiling and giving his shoulder a playful nudge. “Yeah,” he said, wrapping a companionable arm around her shoulders. “Happy 4th, Nat.” “Happy 4th, Clint.” ~~~~~ They sat watching the blaze for a while until Nat suddenly raised her head from Clint’s shoulder. “Hey, it’s Steve’s birthday today, isn’t it?” “Yeah…” “We should call, tell him this is our gift.” “You have a very twisted idea of what a gift should look like,” Clint told her. “How is this not a gift?” “It’s just… not,” Clint argued. “Besides, what do we say - Hey, Steve, happy birthday, here’s a bunch of dead bodies ?” “No, that probably wouldn’t be a good idea.” She thought about it a minute. “You know, even if Steve doesn’t like it, Bucky would. And if Bucky liked it, then Steve would like it more, and then it’d be a good gift.” Clint pulled her back against him. “Stop. Let’s just enjoy the blaze for what it is. We’ll get Steve a proper gift when we get back.” “But not this?” She sounded disappointed. “No, most definitely not this.” And then he added quietly, “Although I wouldn’t mind being a fly on the wall when you tell Barnes about this conversation. Natasha just laughed and nuzzled in closer. Chapter 14 : Cookies (Lucky, Clint & Natasha) Notes: For the be_compromised 2016 Promptathon. Inkvoices made the original prompt regarding Clint & dog biscuits, sgteam14823 wrote the orignal ficlet titled Why Not? , spyforaday inspired me to this craziness. Food. I want food. I go to food room. Maybe Person has pizza in food room for me to eat. Aww, no pizza, but Person is here! Person! Hi, Person! Person is looking for food. Food for me? Cookies? Person has cookies! Aww, Person! Those are my cookies. Whine. Wait…. Who is at the door? MATE! Maybe Mate has cookies. Cookies? Aww, no cookies. Just scritches. Scritches are good, but they are not cookies. I want cookies! Bark, bark! Mate sees Person ate cookies. Mate not happy. Mate mention food. More cookies? No, food for Person. Food for me, too? Bark! Mate gives more scritches. Mate says she will bring me cookies. I love Mate. Chapter 15 : Better than... (Clint/Natasha) Summary: For the be_compromised 2016 Promptathon, based upon this suggestion from Meatball42: Character A would love to serve character B breakfast in bed- trouble is, they never manage to actually make it as far as the bed Rated: Mature Breathing hard, Natasha collapsed back against the one pillow that hadn't managed to slip off the couch. "Fuck, Barton, that's one hell of a way to start the day," she said, grinning down at him. "And I haven't even had my coffee yet," he said, kissing his way up her belly. "If that's an example of what you can do uncaffeinated, I'd love to see what you could do after." He chuckled and sucked a nipple into his mouth and she arched into him. "No, never mind. I'm not sure I'd survive it." He released her nipple and looked up into her face."You know, one of these days, I'm going to actually manage to bring you breakfast in bed," She pushed him backwards so he was the one lying on the couch and straddled him, wiggling her bottom against his groin. "A Clint Barton Blue Plate Special?" He gripped her hips and settled her into position above him. "Yeah." "If it's a choice between breakfast or this?" she breathed, leaning down to kiss him. "I'll always choose this." Chapter 16 : Maria Hill & Natasha Romanoff Notes: Some silly playing around with characters. Shades of Steve/Maria. "Romanoff!" Maria called, summoning the other woman to her desk. "Yeah?" she asked, leaning in the doorway. "There are rumors there's a thing with the recruits Team Beta have been training. Can you go asses the situation, let me know what's going on?" Natasha came all the way into the office and sat on the corner of her desk - something Maria hated - and eyed her shrewdly. "Why aren't you going to assess it yourself?" Maria pointedly looked at a mark just beyond her shoulder. "I have a report that needs to be completed for Director Fury by the end of the day. I don't have time to check up on some paltry recruits." "Mmmhmm." "I do," she asserted, knowing her excuse was flimsy at best and that Romanoff could see right through it. "And it has nothing at all to do with the fact that Steve Rogers is also down in the training room, shirtless and working out at the punching bag?" "No!" she answered a little too quickly, her voice shrill. She tried again, making sure to enunciate each word clearly this time. "No, not all. The report --" "Could probably wait," Natasha smirked. Maria just stared her down. After a few moments, Natasha rose from the desk and shrugged. "Ok, I'll check on your recruits. And if I just happen to capture a picture of Rogers shirtless on my phone… should I send it to you?" She was rewarded for her question with a paperweight aimed at her head. Chapter 17 : Marvel - Barton Family Farm Summary: Trick or Treat for be_compromised Trick for MitchPell She was dreaming about ballet. Mistress was thumping her cane against the floor, keeping time for them as they turned and pirouetted and plied. Some of the younger girls were crying because their feet were bleeding and they hurt. Natalia's hurt too, but she had learned never to let Mistress see the pain. The consequences for such a weakness were unimaginable. Why then was she crying? She woke with a start, scaring the cat off the bed, where she'd been licking at Natasha's cheek. It took her a moment to orient herself as she woke up and realized where she was. The farm. She was at the farm, and the thumping she heard was Cooper's basketball as it thudded against the backboard hanging on the side of the barn. It was a school day, wasn't it? Why was Coop home? Lila was home, too. She could hear her high-pitched voice downstairs as she excitedly told Laura about something or other. That's when it hit her, why she was here. She took a deep breath and blinked several times to keep any real tears from forming. She couldn't give into weakness right now; she had to be the strong one. She was here because Clint wasn't. Couldn't be. Might never be again. She was here because she had promised him she would protect his family, no matter what. And she refused to renege on that promise. It was the very least she could do for him. ~~~ Treat for CloudAtlas "I want the Kit Kats," Clint said. "I call dibs on the Nerds," Natasha declared. Clint stopped in the middle of reaching for his candy and eyed her suspiciously. "Seriously? What are you, twelve?" She leveled a cool stare at him. "No. If I was twelve, I'd be tucked up in bed right now, like Coop." "But Nerds? Nobody ever wants the Nerds. Not even Lila and she'll take anything." " I want the Nerds." "Nat." "Clint." Laura grinned affectionately at them and snagged one of the fun-size bars from the pile. "You two realize you're arguing about Halloween candy, right? Halloween candy that isn't even yours," she added. "It belongs to our children. You're both acting like you're ten." "Am not!" "Take it back!" "I will not take it back. Because I am the grown up here," Laura said, sitting down at the table and unwrapping her candy bar. "Besides, everyone knows the Snickers are the best." Chapter 18 : Marvel - Clint/Natasha Summary: Trick or Treats from be_compromised Treat for Gecko "I'm going to have to cut you out of the suit," Natasha said, pulling a knife from her belt. "Sit still, Barton." He cursed as she sliced through the fabric. "Fuck. Can't you just… pull it off or something?" "The glass pierced the leather and is embedded in your skin. If I pull it off, it's going to tear your arm to shreds," she said, carefully cutting around the larger pieces. When she'd gotten the bulk of the sleeve off, she set the knife down and started tugging at the various buckles and snaps that fastened the rest of his uniform. He shivered, and she glanced up at his face, worried. She didn't think there was enough damage or blood loss to warrant shock, but she hadn't been able to fully assess any other injuries he might have had besides the ones on his arm. Fuck. She hoped it wasn't shock. Her fingers brushed against his chest, searching for other wounds, and he shivered again. That's when she realized it wasn't shock at all; he was aroused. A bubble of laughter rose to her throat and she rocked back onto her heels. "What?" he demanded, looking down at her. "Seriously, Barton? I'm worrying about blood loss and you're sitting there thinking about fucking me?" He shrugged, and winced a little when the movement pulled at the cuts. "Maybe?" She shook her head and smiled affectionately at him. "Let's get you patched up and then we'll see what we can do for the rest of you." ~~~ Treat for Meatball "Sam's going to kill you," Natasha noted dryly as she took in Clint's outfit. "And if Sam doesn't kill you, Maria might." "Why?" he asked, turning this way and that to preen in front of Nat's full length mirror. "For appropriating governmental property?" He frowned. "It's not appropriation. I borrowed it." "Without Sam knowing." "Barnes said it would be ok. Tony backed him up." Natasha smirked and pushed him out of the way so she could adjust her own costume. "That's the defense you're going with?" "Yeah?" he asked hesitantly. "Besides, look at your costume. You don't think Cap's going to have a fit?" Natasha fluffed up her patriotic skirt and shrugged. "I'm sure he will, but he'll be too polite to say anything. Besides, who can really object to this? I look really good as a USO girl." "You look really good as anything," Clint said. Then he looked in the mirror again and pouted. "You don't think I look good?" Natasha patted his cheek and gave him a quick kiss. "Of course you do. But I'd take my Hawk over a Falcon any day." ~~~ Treat for GSparkle "Coffee! Thank God. Give me some," Clint said, grabbing the steaming cup from Nat's hand. "Um, Clint…" Natasha tried to warn him but he was already chugging the brew, despite how hot it was. "Ugh! What is that foul stuff?" he asked, spitting it out. "Not coffee," she said with a little smirk as she grabbed the cup back and took a cautious sip. "It's caramel apple spice drink." He glared at the offending cup. "Why didn't you warn me?" "I tried to, but you weren't exactly listening. You were in a coffee haze." He grumbled. "Coffee is an essential part of every morning. Especially when Cap insists on calling these ass-crack of dawn meetings." "It's 10 a.m.," she pointed out. "And last I checked, you had a perfectly good, functioning coffee maker at your place." He scratched at his neck. "Uh, yeah. Maybe not any more." She sighed and shot him an exasperated look. "I'm not buying you another one. That's two in the past six months." "But… Coffee!" "Either learn how not to burn out your coffee makers or get your ass to Starbucks yourself," she warned. "I'm done enabling." He sighed, but then perked up a little. "Hey! I wonder if Stark could whip up a coffee maker? Has to be easier than all those bots he fiddles with, right?" "Do not ask Stark," she warned. But it was too late. Clint was already gleefully heading into the Tower. Chapter 19 : Force Awakens - Finn/Poe/Rey Notes: a little thank you for @celeste9 Poe wonders how the hell he's gotten himself here. Not here, as in on this planet with these people; he knows how that happened. It's the stuff of legends, how the Stormtrooper met the Resistance fighter then met the girl so strong with the Force that together they were able to fight the Empire. He's got that part covered. Poe's problem is that he's not quite sure how he's gotten here, to this bed with these people. These two fragile, lonely people who trust him so implicitly to always be there for them, who allow him to love them, and who somehow, miraculously, choose to love him back. It's not that he minds, of course. But he wonders sometimes, in the middle of the darkest nights, when Rey's breath puffs hotly against his shoulder and Finn's arm tightens almost painfully around his waist, how it happened. And how he's gotten so incredibly lucky. Chapter 20 : Sharing Secrets (Mal/Inara) Notes: Spoilers: Takes place post-Serenity, but there aren't really any spoilers Disclaimers: Joss owns all. I am just borrowing. Notes: My first Firefly ficlet. Eeps! But I told alto2 I would try. Originally posted 1/13/2006 "You like her," River said, breaking the quiet companionship she and Mal had been sharing in the cockpit. Mal jumped at the unexpected comment. "What?! No. No, I don't," he answered sternly. Then he realized that by denying her claim so rigorously, he was actually admitting that River was right. So he quickly added, "I like everybody on this boat." "Not everyone," River replied calmly. "You don't like Jayne." "Ain't nobody that likes Jayne 'cepting maybe his mother," Mal answered with a grin. "You don't like Simon." "Now that just flat out ain't true. I like him just fine, so long as he's making Kaylee happy and fixing up bodies. It's when he's putting this ship in jeopardy that I take exception," Mal said with a little scowl. "Don't go putting thoughts in my head, little girl." River just smiled serenely at him. "And don't go making claims about things you don't know nothin' about," he warned. River giggled. "It doesn't matter. She already knows." Mal scowled at her again and then turned back to the controls. "Just hush up now and help me get this thing landed safely." Behind them, hidden from sight in the passageway, Inara smiled. The discussion with Mal about needing a few extra days on this planet could wait, she thought, as she headed back to her shuttle. For now, she was happy to just bask in the knowledge of what River had shared. Chapter 21 : West Wing - Josh/Donna/Bram Notes: West Wing, OT3, for lzbrt - Originally posted 3/31/2006 It was Josh's idea to begin with. He had mentioned how much he wanted to watch her with someone else. He'd meant another woman – Annabeth, Helen, CJ -- but when she had suggested another man, he hadn't been entirely opposed to the idea. So when Bram came into the office to tell them the good news bout HR260, she hugged him. Tight. Then she kissed him. And when Josh made that little aroused moaning noise, she pushed her tongue into Bram's mouth and squeezed his ass. Things moved quickly from there. Clothes were removed, mouths meshed, hands groped and stroked and fondled. And now they were here - a tangled, sweaty, satisfied mass of limbs on the floor of the Chief of Staff's office. And Donna had to admit that maybe Josh had some good ideas after all Chapter 22 : Firefly - Kaylee/Simon Notes: Firefly, Simon/Kaylee, for snowdrifted - Originally posted 3/31/2006 "Kaylee," Simon sighed, pulling away from their kiss to rest his forehead against hers and regain his breath. "You are so… Uhm, is that supposed to be sparking like that?" Kaylee reluctantly dragged her eyes away from his – Really, he had the nicest eyes. Warm and soft. Just like his lips. And his – Right. He'd said something about a spark? She pulled away and turned to where his pointing finger indicated. Sure enough, there was a little lick of flame coming from the span between the main thruster and the coil. Not even thinking, she reached in and yanked the coil from its place, intent on getting it out of there before the heat of the flare up burned the delicate wires and she was forced to tell the captain they needed a new one. Money was scarce since… well, just since. And she didn't want to be bothering him about needing more if there was even a chance she could salvage and rework what they already had. It wasn't until Simon grabbed a dirty rag from her toolbox and pulled the hot coil from her fingers that she realized she'd gotten a little scorched in the process. He ran his fingers tenderly over her singed palms, trying to determine the amount of damage. "It doesn't look like you hurt your hands too badly, but just in case, I'd like to apply some medication and wrap them up properly so they don't blister." She shrugged. "Happens all the time. Ain't nothing a little salve and a day or two won't help," she assured him, smiling cheerfully "A little salve… Kaylee, I'm not sure if you noticed or not, but I like you. Really like you. I don't want you getting hurt because of this antiquated heap of an engine," Simon said. "We'll wrap your hands and then –" His words were cut off as Kaylee took his face between her smoky hands and kissed him. "Can't hurt me any more than a little loving can't solve." He groaned in frustration. "Kaylee…" "Yes, Doctor?" she said flirtatiously, her hands already busy at work on his shirt, finishing the unbuttoning job they had started before the little spark from the engine had interrupted them. With a moan of capitulation, he kissed her and they sank to the floor. Kaylee grinned against his mouth. Some sparks, she knew, couldn't be confined to engines. Chapter 23 : Grey's Anatomy - Izzie/Denny Notes: Grey's Anatomy, Izzie/Denny, for obv_hot_mess - Originally posted 3/31/2006 The bed was empty, the sheets wrinkled and crumpled. A surgical glove lay on the bedside table, next to a half-full glass of apple juice. She started to laugh hysterically. Half-full. How funny was that? She'd been a half-full type of girl all her life, even when she was still living at the trailer park, even when she'd given up her little girl. But not now, not as she opened the drawer and saw a folded note with her name scrawled across it lying atop a pair of his pajamas. From now on, life was always going to be half-empty. Chapter 24 : Angel/Cordy Notes: Angel, Cordy/Angel, for em_meredith - Originally posted 3/31/2006 He was in a bathtub. And not just any bathtub, but one filled with bubbles. Sweet smelling, Cordy-scented bubbles. Pink Cordy-scented bubbles. It didn't get much worse than this. Nearly 200 years in this world and he'd never been so thoroughly emasculated. Not even when he'd been enslaved by that one demon, the one who had… No. He wasn't going to think about that. It had been humiliating. Demeaning. Embarrassing. Besides, this was worse than that. Far worse. Because all it had taken was one of those looks from her and he'd capitulated like a little girl. And now where was he? Sitting in a pink, girly-scented bubble bath. The next thing you knew, he'd be skipping through a meadow picking daisies because of her. This had to stop. He was a grown man. Vampire. Whatever. The point was – he'd seen things. Done things. He'd faced more demons than he could count and had lived to tell the tales. He'd survived the plague. He'd made it through the Boxer Rebellion. Hell, he'd faced down an apocalypse. Two! He needed to put his foot down and end this ridiculous notion of hers that all she needed to do was bat her eyelashes at him and he'd do whatever she asked. But first… "Cordelia! Where's the bath pillow?" Chapter 25 : Arvin Sloane/Dawn Summers - making them feel good Notes: (Warning: This one is slightly smutty, which might also make it a little squicky.) Originally posted 6/22/2006 "You're very… talented," Sloane commented with a gratified sigh as Dawn slithered up his body. "But I must wonder –" "Why?" Dawn shrugged. "My sister, she's the slayer." "Yes, I know. Which makes your willingness to engage in such relations as this even more interesting." "She fights the good fight, slays the big bads. Me? I'm nothing special. Just her annoying little sister. But I figured… if I can't /be/ good, well, I might as well /feel/ good," she told him, running her hands down his wizened chest. Sloane groaned as she reached even lower. "Ah. I'm beginning to see." Chapter 26 : Inara Serra/Faith - in the zone Notes: Originally posted 6/22/2006 "It's just such a rush, ya know? Wham, bam, there's a dead demon at your feet and there's all this leftover… energy," Faith said, grinning wolfishly. "And it's just dying to be used in the most erotic ways." "The act of sex is often used to relieve stress, pain, and any number of other physical conditions." Faith's grin widened. "Yeah. So… how about it? Interested in helping a slayer burn off some excess adrenalin?" Inara raised an eyebrow inquiringly. "I don't come cheaply." Faith kissed her long and hard. "Baby, after I do you, you'll be asking to pay me." Chapter 27 : Julian Sark/James Bond - modestly Notes: Originally posted 6/22/2006 They both paused, swords raised and poised for another strike, but bodies held loosely, almost casually. "You do that very well," the older man told Sark. "This? You mean the sword play?" "Yes. It's very impressive. Most men your age would have aimed for my jugular and not even noticed that I was dangerously close to slicing their gullets open." "Most men my age haven't trained with the masters," Sark gloated. "Indeed," Bond replied dryly. "I see you're also very modest about your skills." "When you’re the best, you don't need to be modest," Sark said laughingly, lunging once again. Chapter 28 : Studio 60 - Harriet & Tom Notes: Originally postedDecember 14th, 2007 Title: The World in Solemn Stillness Lay Characters/Rating: Harriet and Tom, PG Spoilers: The Christmas Show Disclaimer: They belong to Aaron Sorkin, not me. Notes: Docfrasier asked for Harry and a line of poetry. A line of music is the same as poetry, isn't it? ;) Thanks, Bex, for pointing out my mistakes. "Oh holy night, oh night divine…" Harriet breathed as the last strain of music from the stage filtered throughout the studio. "Thank you, God, for this spiritual season that brings so many people together," she whispered. "And for giving these musicians a home for the holidays." She paused and, glancing over to where Matt sat, smiled slightly. "And thank you for Matthew, even if he is a dumbass sometimes." Tom came up behind her, adjusting the tie on his suit. "Hey, you ready? It's almost our cue for the final goodbye." She turned away from the musicians and smiled at him. "Yeah. I was just... thanking someone first." Tom nodded in understanding. "Yeah. Tell Him thank you for me, too." "Lucy?" "Lucy," he confirmed. "We have a date next week." "Good for you." She stopped smiling suddenly and frowned at him in consternation. "You know, it's not like I'm the only one around here who can talk to Him. You could have thanked Him yourself." "Yeah, but I figure He's more likely to listen to you," Tom told her, shrugging. She looked back at the musicians, playing yet another carol on stage, and her expression softened. "I think tonight we all have an equal shot at being heard." Tom followed her gaze and nodded. "Yeah, I guess we do." Chapter 29 : Bionic Woman - Sarah/Jae Notes: Originally posted 12/14/2007 Title: Up Through the Darkness Author: Cassie Pair/Rating: Sarah/Jae, PG13 Spoilers: All the Sarah Corvus episodes Disclaimer: Bionic Woman and all its characters do not belong to me. They belong to David Eick and NBC. Notes: Em wanted Sarah and Jae on the run. (but only after I said no to pilot!fic.) Clr helped with title, Eman helped with betaing. My first (and probably last) attempt at Bionic Woman fic. She doesn't feel anything. Not desire or happiness or anger or hate, just a dull emptiness. It makes what she needs to do easier. It makes it bearable. (She denies what her shaking hand means as she writes the note.) Her seduction is cold and calculated, a carefully executed plan devised to make him help her. She feels no emotion as he cups her cheek, runs his hands down her sides, kisses her deeply. She can't; she's a machine, not a woman. She simply needs him to love her so that he'll do what she asks. (She falls to pieces in his embrace and has to close her eyes to block out the sight of his exquisite face.) The first time she asks him to help her, he refuses; he has obligations to Jonas. The second time, she can tell his resolve is wavering; he hesitates too long before answering. By the third time, she knows she has him right where she wants him. There's no doubt he'll help her track down a cure; he'll do anything for her now, including kill. (It's a cliché, but they leave in the dead of night. The darkness hides the worry on her face.) At night, she watches him sleep, peaceful and dreamless, doubtless imagining a future where they can live happily-ever-after together. She thinks she should feel guilt for giving him false hope, but she doesn’t. (The tear coursing down her cheek says otherwise.) Chapter 30 : Leverage - Nate Notes: Title: Family Things Author: Cassie Fandom/Character: Leverage, Nate Rating: G Spoilers: General Disclaimer: Not mine in any way Originally posted 2/18/2009 "It ain't nothing but a family thing." He'd read that somewhere. Or maybe he'd seen it in a movie. He wasn't really sure. Things tended to get fuzzy sometimes and he had trouble keeping the facts straight. Had he really drank the last third of the scotch or had Sophie dumped it when he wasn't looking? Was the situation with the Princess of Nambia real or was it a con that he had set up? Was he really doing good or was he merely doing what was good for him? Anyhow, it didn't really matter where he'd heard it. The point was, it was true. His grandfather had been a drunk. His father, too. And while he'd like to think he wasn't … well, the evidence and reactions of his team seemed to say otherwise. Was this the fate his son would have suffered, too? He didn't know that either. Chapter 31 : L&O: CI - Goren/Eames Notes: Originally posted 4/5/2006 for Anya (smut_queen) Sometimes, being with him scares her. Not in a 'scared for your life' sort of way, but in an 'afraid of losing your sanity' way. He has a way of watching her, studying her, that makes her feel like he's compiling a psychological profile. Or trying to find some flaw in her genetic or mental make up that she isn't aware of. It makes her uncomfortable. Makes her wonder why she's so drawn to him. But there are other times -- like when her sister called to tell her about her mother's stroke, or when her brother-in-law was in a head-on car collision – when he doesn't do anything at all to make her feel that way. When he simply holds her, lets her pour out her troubles and doesn't try to analyze her at all. When he comforts her with a warm hand on her back, a gentle kiss on her temple. And then there are the times at night, during the darkest hours, when he worships her with his body, whispers things to her that she will never hear in the daylight. When he shares his vulnerability and her heart aches to make everything all right for him. It's at those times that she knows why she's drawn to him, that she knows why she stays. Because he's brilliant but flawed, a genius but an idiot. A man who has trouble sharing and yet shares everything he can. A man who has found a way into her heart with his quirks and foibles. A man she can't imagine her life without. And a man that she loves. Chapter 32 : Studio 60 - Harriet & Tom Notes: Title: The World in Solemn Stillness Lay Spoilers: The Christmas Show Disclaimer: They belong to Aaron Sorkin, not me. Notes: Docfrasier asked for Harry and a line of poetry. A line of music is the same as poetry, isn't it? ;) Thanks, Bex, for pointing out my mistakes. Originally posted 12/14/2007 "Oh holy night, oh night divine…" Harriet breathed as the last strain of music from the stage filtered throughout the studio. "Thank you, God, for this spiritual season that brings so many people together," she whispered. "And for giving these musicians a home for the holidays." She paused and, glancing over to where Matt sat, smiled slightly. "And thank you for Matthew, even if he is a dumbass sometimes." Tom came up behind her, adjusting the tie on his suit. "Hey, you ready? It's almost our cue for the final goodbye." She turned away from the musicians and smiled at him. "Yeah. I was just... thanking someone first." Tom nodded in understanding. "Yeah. Tell Him thank you for me, too." "Lucy?" "Lucy," he confirmed. "We have a date next week." "Good for you." She stopped smiling suddenly and frowned at him in consternation. "You know, it's not like I'm the only one around here who can talk to Him. You could have thanked Him yourself." "Yeah, but I figure He's more likely to listen to you," Tom told her, shrugging. She looked back at the musicians, playing yet another carol on stage, and her expression softened. "I think tonight we all have an equal shot at being heard." Tom followed her gaze and nodded. "Yeah, I guess we do." Chapter 33 : Torchwood - Tosh Notes: Title: Rhys Spoilers: Post-Meat Character: Tosh Rating: G Disclaimer: Not mine, never mine. They belong to RTD She didn't understand what the big deal was. Yes, they were a bit like an exclusive club, and no, no one was supposed to know anything about them. But surely this one time there could be an exception. After all, this was Rhys. Gwen's Rhys. The man she'd pledged her life to. If they couldn't trust Rhys, what hope did they have of ever trusting anyone? Oh, deep down she knew the problem was less about trusting Rhys specifically and more about trusting themselves. It was about how he affected them all, made them focus on things other than their work. So no, Rhys wasn't really the problem. But it was a lot easier to treat him as if he were. Chapter 34 : L & O: CI - Bobby Goren Notes: Originally posted 10/26/2008 in honor of UB's birthday Rating: PG Spoilers: FPS, the episode that pushed me right over the edge into 'shipperdom. ;) Disclaimer: So very much not mine. Goren: It's about yearning. He misses his partner. Carver: He killed her to drive his partner back into his arms? That's almost juvenile. Goren: It's primitive. Panic is a primitive emotion. That's how he felt without his partner. Suspect: I told you, I didn't even know her name. She was just a gamer. Goren: Just a gamer? Your partner let a gamer get between you two. If my partner was putting me through that – abandoning me, leaving me vulnerable, impotent, for a nobody – That's unforgivable. Goren: Seven pounds, eight ounces. Carver: Excellent. Bishop: It's great. You, you should call her. I'll handle the booking. ~~~ He doesn't want to admit it - not even to himself - how jealous, how terrified, how alone he's felt all these months. Admitting it would mean that he'd have to acknowledge that she means something to him beyond what she so clearly is – his partner, his friend. He's not ready to acknowledge that, not yet. Because doing so would mean laying his heart open to disappointment, and he's had so much disappointment over the course of his life; he's not sure he could handle it from her. He doesn't fault Eames for her desertion, not one bit. She loves her sister and she'd do anything – anything – to help her. But he can't help but resent that it took her away from him. Bishop… Bishop is passable. Someday she'll even be an excellent detective. But she's not Eames. She doesn't have that way about her… she can't bring him back to earth with one glance, she doesn't have the guts to let him run wild when needed. She approaches each case as if solving it will win her a place in his high regard and yet… everything she does just serves to remind him how not like Eames she is. It isn't Bishop's fault, anymore than it's Eames fault. It's just the way it is. But he can't help resenting that she's the one here and Eames isn’t. Chapter 35 : West Wing - Josh/Donna Notes: Originally posted 5/12/2008 "You owe me." "What?! How on earth do you figure that?" "How on earth do you not figure that?" "Donnnnna…." "You owe me." "Why?" "What time is it?" "That's not at answer. That's a question." "Brilliant, Mr. Wizard. Humor me. What time is it?" "It's… a little after eight." "Twelve past, but close enough." "Fine, twelve past." "And what day is it?" "Saturday." "And…?" "And?" "And I told you I had plans, Josh! Plans that did not include coming into work at twelve past eight on a Saturday morning to translate the budget book for you!" "Fine. You had plans. What do I owe you so that you'll come in and help me out with this?" "Ice cream." "Ice cream?" "Yes. And not the cheap stuff either. The good stuff. The really good stuff. With chocolate chunks and nuts and cone bits." "What the hell are cone bits?" "Does it really matter? I want them. Are you going to get me ice cream with chocolate chunks, nuts and cone bits?" "If I must." "You must." "Fine. Just get your ass in here and help me!" "Fine. I'll be there in fifteen minutes. Oh, and Josh? I want a cherry on top too." Chapter 36 : West Wing - Josh/Donna Notes: Originally posted 5/12/2008 He couldn't believe he was this turned on by such a simple thing. After so many years of working platonically with Donna, he'd managed to keep his lust for her under control. It had become an art, a science. When she showed up on weekends wearing casual clothes, making him imagine all the beautiful pale skin beneath her tiny little t-shirts, he thought about the President, fifty feet away in the oval office and apt to walk in on them at any moment. When she arrived fresh-faced and bare of make-up, making him think about what she'd look like first thing in the morning, her golden hair spilled across his pillow, he thought about Leo, warning him about how hard it was to mix the job and a personal life. When she wore one of those body-hugging evening gowns, her hair piled up on her head, revealing her creamy white neck, he thought about CJ, kicking his ass if he ever dared take advantage of her. But this… he couldn't seem to control the wave of lust that grabbed him as soon as he saw her bare toes peeking out at him. Despite all the years of training himself not to think about her in that way, he was quickly learning that there were still some things he couldn't control. Chapter 37 : West Wing - Josh/Donna Notes: Also starring daughter Izzie :) Originally posted 5/12/2008 "One." Splash "Two." Splash. Splash. "Thr –" "Izzie, we have to go." "Why?" she asked plaintively. "I'm not done yet." "Because Mommy's waiting for us." "But I still have one more puddle, Daddy! Just one more! Please?" Josh looked down at his daughter and found it hard to say no, despite the fact that he knew Donna'd probably be less then thrilled at their appearance once then finally showed up at her office. "Fine. One more. "Yay!" Isobel pumped her tiny fist in the air and then poised at the edge of the biggest puddle on the sidewalk. "Three!" Splash. Splash. Splash. "Are you done now?" She nodded. "Yes." "Ok, let's go get your mom." Twenty minutes and seven puddles later – because Izzie assured him that all the puddles needed jumping in or else the unjumped puddles would get their feelings hurt - they arrived. "What happened to you two?" Donna asked, laughing as she took in Isobel dripping yet grinning countenance and Josh's mud splattered jeans. "We, uh, got a little distracted by the puddles." "There were lots of them, Mommy! And Daddy let me jump in all of them!" "I see," she said, eyeing Josh. "How many was all of them?" "Ummm… eight?" "Ten," Josh corrected "Ten! We jumped in ten puddles!" "Well, at least you remembered the rain boots this time," Donna said, grinning. "But maybe next time you can remember the raincoat?" Chapter 38 : West Wing/Swingtown Notes: Originally posted 8/30/2008 A little drabble because I always like to mix my fandoms in the randomest ways when there's the slightest connection. And I can't shake this Swingtown/West Wing thing. *g* If someone had told her years ago that she'd be such an active participant in a Democratic candidate's presidential race, she'd have told them they were crazy. She was a staunch Republican, a housewife devoted to her family; she was not a state-hopping, liberal-minded politico. Then again, if someone had even hinted that her husband would run off with her best friend or that she'd wind up godmother to Tom and Trina's baby, she'd have told them the same thing. And yet... they wouldn't have been wrong. It's possible that she never quite knew who she really was back then. She does now though. She's a liberal feminist working on a national campaign. The proud nana of a baby girl with two daddies. A damn good cook. So what if her boss calls her Christine. So what if she gets stuck doing some of the odder tasks on the campaign. (Visiting a democrat against finance reform and for guns? Really?) So what if she sometimes feels like the only one on the campaign not sleeping around. She's proud of who she's turned out to be. She's her own woman. And that means the most to her. Chapter 39 : West Wing - Josh/Donna Notes: Originally posted 10/2/2008 I've watched Abu El Banat and Slow News Days the past couple of days, thanks to Bravo. Are these S4? S5? Because honestly, I'm not taking away the warm fuzzies like I used to watching earlier seasons or select parts of the last season. Basically, my only impressions are: Liz is married to an idiot, Reena is a just a step above Kenley in the "nobody likes me" category, Toby knows Meredith Grey's mom, and Duck has the ear of the President! I'm pretty sure those are not the things I am supposed to be taking away from these eps. "Would you have missed me if I hadn't come back?" she asked around a mouthful of Kung Po Chicken. It was a testament to how far they'd come that he didn't even flinch, simply pulled the fried wonton container closer to him and poked inside with his chopsticks. "When?" "When I left during the first campaign." He popped a wonton into his mouth. "No." "No?" she asked. "No," he repeated, still chewing. When he noticed her crestfallen look, he set his chopsticks down. "Donna, I barely knew you. If you hadn't come back, I would have plowed on ahead until Leo assigned me a new assistant and that would have been that." "Oh." She chewed a minute longer, thinking. "And the second time?" "I missed you." "What was the difference?" He shrugged, feigning disinterest. "I wasn't in love with you the first time." "You're in love with me?" she asked, the start of a smile forming. He looked at her like she was crazy. Her smile got ridiculously wider. "Oh." Grabbing the Kung Po from her, he asked, "Can we get back to the discussion on how the First Lady plans on sabotaging my plans to have the President announce his brave new Health Care bill at the thing on Friday?" She nodded. "Absolutely."