It started with a simple bet, winner of the race got to be referred to as “Star” for a week. That’s how Star Trek and Star Wars found themselves in a no hold bar race against each other at warp speed on their homemade vessels. The speed they were travelling at making is seem like the two were racing in a tube of bright blue water. They didn’t notice much else save for the images on their respective screens, which held the video conversation they were having while racing. Neither saw the need to look up from their current conversation, as their dashboards held radars that alerted them whenever something was flying their way. Said race was standard for them. Much to the amusement of each of their families this occurred roughly two weeks, both building better and faster ships before the next race. This time had Star Trek’s newest motorcycle design, and Star War’s newest engine upgrade against each other in their high speed drag race. Trek on his motorcycle closely resembling the one from his first movie that Kirk had given away before going to the academy. Wars in her Anakin inspired pod racer, lightning blazing as she pulled ahead of the other fandom. “Yeah, bitch! That titles mine!” War’s laugh crackled through Trek’s headphones. He revved his engines a she took the lead by less than a foot. ** Jim Kirk looked at his bridge crew with mild amusement. Chekov was humming under his breath, and working out advanced problems, every few minutes nudging a half-asleep Sulu to check his work. The pilot didn’t have much to do while they were in warp, except monitor the screen in front of him. Everything was actually peaceful for once in their five-year mission. No Red lights, no alarms, they weren’t even running from something, or racing to save a planet. Jim looked behind him as the sound of the turbolift door sounded. He caught sight of his first officer with a padd in his hands, checking over one of his experiments , Jim guessed. “How’re your plants doing Mr. Spock?” He said as the vulcan came to stand at his side. “Satisfactory.” Was the response he got as Spock continued to work on the padd. “We still good for chess tonight?” He let himself smile as he saw Spock’s eyebrow twitch. “Of course,” He tapped the screen once more before continuing,”I came to request we work in my cabin, as we both have reports and I do not believe you will complete yours on your own.” Jim saw the corner of Spock's mouth twitch. Damn bastard. Leave one report to the last minute and he never lets it go. Jim opened up to answer but a sudden, “Fuck you that was one time!” that sounded oddly like his own voice filled the cabin. The bridge crew turned to look at their captain in shock. Spock arched an eyebrow at what he thought was Jim’s outburst. “I swear that wasn’t me.” Jim said to all of them, as he met their confused looks. They all looked around trying to identify where the sound was coming from. “Just because you’re losing doesn’t mean you have to get defensive, Trekkie.” A higher voice sounded from what they now realized were the speakers built into the hull. The revving of an engine closely followed by a triumphant ‘ha’ came over the sound system , that sounds like my bike from before the academy Jim thought to himself. “You fucking hobgoblin!” The higher voice yelled. The speakers sounded like they were put next to a blow torch in engineering. “Eat sand fucker!” The sound of sputtering came through the speakers next. Through the observation window two somethings looked as if they were slowly passing the Enterprise. The ship was in warp, and in uncharted space where no one had any business being, just the same a chariot -Kirk guessed- made of metal, and a motorcycle along with their riders were passing the massive ship. A laugh from the higher voice filled the bridge, which had gone deathly silent as everyone watched the two people pass by. From what he could see one of them- the one on the motorcycle- had a red shirt, and brown hair. The one in the lead had a helmet on and a light beige tunic. The higher voice gave a quick “Take that greenie.” before pulling farther ahead. The crew watched as the motorcycle fired something that looked like a photon torpedo - but surely not actually a photon torpedo Jim thought- at the metal chariot. The shot made contact and the motorcycle started catching up with the chariot. A surprised scream of “That’s cheating!” Followed the blast as one of the chariots engines were hit. “You made fun of my blood! And besides we never agreed on that.” Said the voice that resembled Kirk's, but this time they had Spock’s speech patterns. “Fine, you win.” The apparent driver of the chariot said, their tone holding a grudging defeat. “Hell yeah I do,” a smile was heard in the other person’s voice, “De-warp and mark it? Possibly fix your heap?” “I guess. The engines are smoking up a storm,” a heavy sigh was heard,” you want to count down?” “Get ready to stop warp with them Mr.Sulu. Everyone prepare for contact” Jim said, slipping into ‘captain’ mode. “Aye.” Sulu responded, hands ready at the controls. Jim commed Scotty, “Mr. Scott. We’re about to engage two individuals with two separate vessels. One vessel has been shot with an apparent photon torpedo, ready a dock for repairs.” “How can tha’ be? We’re in warp!” The Scotsman's disbelieving voice answered. “I’m aware, Mr.Scott. Believe me we’re going to handle it.” Jim responded. “Aye, Sir.” The scotsman’s voice came back sounding uncertain. Should I get Bones down here? Giving the idea some thought, Jim decided that yes, yes he should. “Hey Bones we’re going to need you to the bridge.” Was the simple order. “What the hell did you do now! We’re in warp, Jim.” Can the annoyed and somewhat disbelieving voice of the chief medical officer. “It’s not me Bones. Someone’s been shot.” Sulu looked back at Jim as a, ‘yeah I guess I’ll count’ came through the speakers. “On my way.” The connection ended. At the same time not-Jim said, “Three, two, one. Coming out of warp….Now.” The two ships slowed down in front of the enterprise before leaving the stream of warp. Sulu made sure that the Enterprise stopped before the two, and that they were a safe distance from the two potential threats. ** Coming to a stop beside each other, Trek and Wars got off their ships and flew towards each other. Star Trek brought out his Padd and stylus, opening the proper programs before handing it to Star Wars. She started to write out; ‘I, Star Wars, hereby acknowledge that you, Star Trek, will be referred to as ‘Star’ by our families, and whoever else may know of our sgreement. However as to our agreement I will continue to call you ‘Trekkie’, because we both know that can of worms shouldn’t be opened again.’ She nodded before reluctantly signing their agreement and handing the device back to Trek. “I, Star Trek, accept these terms, and look forward to our next race.’ He wrote and then signed before he turned off the screen. They each reached out and shook hands before all formality was lost. “Man, I thought you had me there!” Trek exclaimed via pesterchum as they went over to check Wars’ engines. “I did, but you had to shoot didn’t you? Here have some of this” She typed back, handing over one of the snacks she brought with her to Trek. Trek’s response was interrupted by a light on her helmet going off. “Hold on someone’s contacting me.” Seeing the message she typed a quick, “Oh shit you better see this,” before adding him to the new conversation. ** Jim ordered Uhura to contact the two people -they were close enough to make out vaguely human shapes now- through any means. She had reported finding an ancient looking code for chatting through text, before sending a message. Bones had came to stand at Jim’s other side and asked Uhura to see if they needed medical assistance. The bridge was tense as the conversation started, even more so when the two turned towards them after a few replies. ** -NCC-1071 has started pestering newageWar- NCC-1071: This is the USS. Enterprise of the Federation. We request that you state your business in an uncharted region of space. newageWar: Oh Fuck. newageWar: Hold on one sec. -newageWar has added finalFrontier to the conversation- newageWar: Hey Trekkie newageWar: I believe this is your area of expertise. finalFrontier: What are you talking about? NCC-1071: Do either of you require medical or mechanical assistance? finalFrontier: oh, that. Enterprise, where are you. NCC-1071: If you look behind you you’ll see our ship. We must ask again, do either of you need medical or mechanical assistance? newageWar: You guys have tape? or a blow torch? newageWar: I forgot mine like, 5 parsecs away NCC-1071: We have an engineering block. Our scanners are showing that one of you requires medical assistance. newageWar: Well, it’s not me. ** Star Wars turned to her friend who had gone rather pale during the conversation. She rolled her eyes before continuing the message. ** newageWar: I think Trekkie here needs a little help. NCC-1071: Very well, we are warping you now. newageWar: Thanks. newageWar: Hey! dont forget our ships, yeah? we worked real hard on em’ NCC-1071: Of course, they will be on board. ** With that Star Trek and Star Wars were surrounded in white rings before the scenery changed around them and they landed in a room with two other people dressed like Star Trek. ** She turned to her friend only to find him on the floor, looking ashen and sweating. His breathing-if you could still call it that- was laboured and it sounded as if it was being blown through a straw. Oh fuck , Wars realized that her friend hadn’t just gone pale,but that he was having a allergic reaction. Probably to my food. “Shit, shit, shit. I need a medic!” She called to the two sitting at the weird desk, “Don’t just sit there! He’s having an allergic reaction! Help me!” She dropped beside her friend and tried to get his attention, “ C’mon Trekkie, you’ll be ok.” “B-bones!” Came the rushed painful sounding response. “Bones?” She looked up at the two shocked people again, “Bones! I need Bones! Whoever they are, get them here now!” ** Chapter 2 : Rise And Shine Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ** Something was wrong, Trek’s vision was black and his throat felt dry and scratchy. Ah, fuck. What the hell did I drink this time? He groaned, the sound coming from low in his throat, sounding more like a growl. His mouth felt like it had cotton in it. What was I even doing last night? What am I working on? Engines? When’s the race? He thought to himself. Am I hungover? Feels like it. He sighed and decided that it was time to face the world. “Computer, wha’tha star date?” He called to his computer, assuming that he was on his own planet or at the very least in an engineering dock. “What happend, kid?” A gruff southern voice answered instead of the smooth programmed voice Trek expected. God damn it, Gen. Always fucking with my settings, Bones is not a voice you want to wake up to. Star Trek gave a frustrated sigh, “Computer. Star date, c’mon. I feel like I just drank two litres of chocolate milk, mixed with some kind of moonshine,” he swiped his hand over where his desk should’ve been, only to hit a rail, “What the fuck?” His eyes snapped open and he met the firm scowl of one Leonard ‘Bones’ McCoy. Trek swallowed the lump that had suddenly formed in his throat. “Glad you’re with the living kid.” The doctor said while looking back at a padd in his hands, seemingly unaware of the fandom’s panic. Star Trek’s eyes widened. What’s going on here. The fandom thought. “Bones?!” Trek shrieked, springing up from the sick bay bed he was on. He managed to promptly fall on his face when he failed to untangle his legs from the rough sheets. He gingerly up to his feet, and backed away from the doctor, “Ok, very funny RIck and or Morty. Hologram world. Haha, I get it this is payback for replacing your portal gun with a bubble gun, but I have to fix up my ship,” those too never know when something’s gone too far. He walked back towards the ‘doctor’, inspecting what he thought was admittedly impressive programming. “Kid?” Bones’ face wore a look of confusion. Wow they did a really good job, Trek thought as he reached out to touch the ‘hologram’. Upon making contact with the man’s hand he was assaulted with thoughts and emotions from the -totally not a hologram, holy shit!- doctor. Trek’s eyes widened as he backed away from the very real McCoy in front of him. Ok, no big deal. We’ll just get to an airlock and jump. He looked around the limited space, a curtain had been pulled around his bed blocking everything apart from the two foot space around it. He looked at the chair next to his bed he then took notice that his friend was nowhere in the space. Ok, so I’ll find her and then we’ll go to an airlock and jump. His plan was interrupted when the whoosh of sick bays door opened and two sets of footsteps were heard briskly walking towards Star Trek and doctor McCoy. “C’mon Spock. I just want to check on the kid!” Star Trek heard Jim Kirk’s voice. The fandom glanced towards the still confused McCoy, a new plan forming in his head. “Captain, he is most likely resting.” Spock’s voice answered in an almost bored sounding manner. Oh fuck no, not good. This is very not good. Ok, when they open the curtain I run, find Wars and we haul ass to an airlock. He took a breath as the curtain started rustling and with one last glance at McCoy, he flew past the curtain, and out the sick bay doors. Using his flight powers to their full advantage. God Tier flight has never been better, he thought as the doors ‘whooshed’ closed. ** Jim had been having a hell of a day. He checked off all the weird shit that had been going on in his head, first, two teenagers in some kind of space drag race are found with weapons in an unknown part of space, secondly one of them has an allergic reaction to rebel one of his own, third the kid was wearing a Starfleet uniform, he ran a hand over his face, pinching the bridge of his nose as he went. Now his commanding officer was trying to lecture him about, "l etting the child rest, captain,” and, “nothing will be achieved by going to sickbay, Jim.” “C’mon Spock. I just want to check on the kid,” he rolled his eyes, “you know ask Bones about his status.” “He is most likely resting.” Spock’s voice answered, mildly annoyed. Jim rolled his eyes. He reached towards the curtain pulling it back and about to step through when a flash of red rushed past both officers and out of sick bay. “Kid, wait!” Jim turned towards Bones as the older man shouted. “Uh, Bones? What was that?” Kirk asked, beyond confused. “That was our guest, and he’s not in any kind of shape to be moving like that.” He cursed and regarded the padd in his hand which Jim assumed had the kid’s medical records on it. “Captain, might I suggest we bring the child back here?” Spock raised his eyebrow at the other officers. “Yes, of course. You go left I’ll go right?” Jim said over his shoulder, both of them already running to the doors. The day keeps getting better and better. The young captain thought as him and Spock went in different directions in search of the teenager. ** Chekov was whistling to himself, on his way to the turbolift when he heard heavy painful sounding breathing. Why is someone panting? He looked around and noticed a red sleeve poking out from behind a corner. He walked towards the person, the heavy breathing -wheezing- getting louder the closer he got. “Excuse me, are you hurt?” Chekov called out as he neared the person. He was caught off guard by the pounding of shoes running down the hall behind him, Captain Kirk passing by in a blur. That was strange, wonder what’s going on now. The person jumped, then turned around, their eyes wide, they looked to be in their late teens. The teenager had a green tinge to his skin, and dark brown hair, which looked like it had been in a neat bowl cut at one point but was now overgrown and shaggy. “Chekov! No, I’m fine.” Came the half-shouted answer. He sounds like the captain, Chekov thought as he heard footsteps running back in their direction. “Chekov! Grab him!” Captian Kirk shouted. Notes: Thanks for reading, I'm already working on the next chapter. Please leave a comment and have a good day/week c: Notes: Hey, thanks for reading this. I'd really like to hear what you think of this, so please leave a comment. If you like fandomstuck stories I have another one as well for Homestuck and Supernatural. Have a good day/week everyone c: Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Fandomstuck series Next Work →