Kylo hated soft things. He despised them, loathed them, little vile things. They had no use in his life, no benefit nor advantage that could let him gain the upper hand. Soft things were things for children, a thing Kylo never was, could never remember. Soft things were a distraction, an interruption on a plan so grand and glorious no one could stop it. Soft things lied, soft things deceived, soft things pretend to not want something that they practically begged for in their very words. Their bodies would tease, their words nudges fingers into muscle that could only refuse for so long. Soft things were whores, tight and hot, clenching around unwanted flesh. Soft things always wanted, always needed but they needed to be taught it, they never knew it on their own. They needed to be held back from their urgencies, restrained with force and leather. It was Kylo’s duty to accomplish this, to make soft things, him , learn their lessons. Kylo needed to make the soft things hard, make them weep. Make them cry . Kylo hated crying from soft things, hated his crying, he always cried, always. Pleaded and begged and whispered, “Please stop, it hurts, it hurts, it-” Always fucking hurt him . Soft things tried to scurry away in the dark, their legs tucked away under their chest to protect their heart, ignoring the unwanted pleasure that pulsed through their veins, a pleasure that Kylo believed that soft things did not deserves if they refused him. Soft things hitting him though, soft things deserved a special kind of death. Soft things always echoed loudly in empty rooms when smacked. They would always blubber out, hoping, desperate, that the pain would end. But Kylo was not a God, he did not watch over the soft things like a shepherd would his flock, he was the wolf and he had no patience left. Soft things were weak, bending and breaking even under the slightest touch, pleading with such disgusting words to cease Kylo’s actions. They wavered, they always did, once Kylo managed to bury himself deep within the soft things, within him , their two faced words of no’s interchanging into yes’s. Soft things made excuses, soft things made compromises. It was a part of their nature, just like their lying. They would say anything to make Kylo stop, that they would do anything. Kylo would just smile at his soft things, teeth edged like knives and he would promises the soft things, him , so much empty things, empty actions and empty words and empty kisses. Because after all, Kylo hated soft things and he , he was so very soft.