Like many things, it started because of something trivial, so small in description that it couldn't even be called a problem in the first place. It was like a thought in the back on ones mind, a tiny pressure that couldn't be given any attention, lest it becomes realized and then, then it had to be given confirmation. Hux would not give attention to something so stupid and small as Kylo's inability to act restrained when needed to. They had not even gotten this prisoner even minutes ago and yet already his face was broken into, the curve of his jaw splitting out in the cold air of the cell. No speech could be performed now without great difficulty. Hux was beside himself. It was simple enough, get the prisoner to talk, an order repeated so many times before and accomplished without fail. It was true that Kylo’s behavior was known to get out of hand, this moment right now example enough but Hux thought he knew better than right now to let his rage get the better of him. Although they had more prisoners they could get to talk but it was always so much easier to terrify the first one, to let their fear consume them, to get eaten alive by their own teeth. But now, with a face caved in nothing more could be said. Hux didn’t need to point this out to Kylo, who right now was only standing with an indifferent posture, fist ready for a another hit. Hux didn’t need to say anything, didn’t need to. And yet, he did. “Look at what you’ve done. You cannot act with such impunity.” Hux’s words vibrated in the bare cell, intertwining with the struggling breath of the prisoners until all that could be heard was a faint ringing of things said. It is only then does Kylo look at Hux. Even beneath Kylo’s mask Hux can see the anger seeping from underneath it. If there is one thing in the galaxy that truly made Kylo angry it was this; a completely and utter questioning of his ability to perform. It was a questioning of his very being, of his capabilities and skills. Kylo did not get into the Knights of Ren through kindness and soft words. He was a being of sharp moments and an unwavering dedication to the cause. Hux knew this and yet, he still spoke. The silence lingered, Kylo refusing to face Hux with no more than a few glances. Hux could only imagine what was going through his mind right now. Anger, fury, a want to dismember Hux through his arms and legs, peel his skin back and let it dry on the floor. Rather than do that though Kylo walked out of the cell, movements loud as he opened the metal door, giving no attention to the prisoner’s life slowly pooling onto the floor. He left Hux by himself, alone in a room with a dying man and a lingering hatred. ----- The night was quiet when Hux finally returned to his quarters, body tired with fatigued. After Kylo had left Hux had to retrieve another prisoner who had very little information to give and it frustrated him to no end. Hux was used to getting results in a timely fashion and Kylo’s little bout of childish rage had upset that. While it could be argued that Kylo’s rage was beneficial to the First Order, his refusal to follow procedures stressed to Hux to no end. But Hux supposed nothing could be done about it, lest he wished for a cruel and slow death. Kylo’s rage did not discriminate, even with those high in the ranks of the Order. If Hux even tried to reason with Kylo now, it would end badly. Hux knew Kylo was angry with him, furious beyond reason. But this would not be the first time that Kylo would be angry with him and it would not be the last. As Hux lied in his bed he could only think of all the times Kylo and him have disagreed. They got along as well as one did with death; refusing to back down until the very last breath. Perhaps tomorrow would lead to better things even though Hux doubted that. Kylo did hold grudges and Hux, his least favorite person would not be spared from that. Hux decided not to let his mind wander on such a thing, he needed to sleep and be prepared for the next day. Turning on his side Hux let his eyes close slowly, hoping that sleep would catch him quickly. Kylo’s rage could be saved for later, sleep could not. As Hux began to float in in the world between dreams and awareness, an image flashed across his mind, of black gloves pressing themselves harshly onto pale skin, pushing and pushing until- Hux eyes jolt open, his breath quickening as he awoke. The room glowed dimly from a pale light in the corner, the leftovers of Hux’s planning for tomorrow. Hux shook his head, mind bewildered at the suddenly intrusive of such a thought. It were’t odd within itself, no, but rather how it came about. Hux was strong when it came to his mind, and yet the thought that just raced across his mind felt odd, stilted in such a way that did not feel like his own. Perhaps Hux was stressed, this is what he reasoned within himself. Minds had a tendency to wander and his was no different. With a sigh Hux settled himself beneath his sheets, eyes ready to close themselves again. He would not let his mind think about such unimportant things. With a sigh, Hux allowed himself to relax, his breath evenly itself out slowly as- Another imaged swiped against his mind, this time of the black gloved hands sliding down the pale skin they were just pushing into. Hux could see them in his mind dipping down into the curves of taunt hips, stopping before a point that he could not see. For a moment Hux did nothing, his body still yet mind ready to scream at the confusion it was experiencing. Just what was going on? Was Hux going mad? Delirious? Both? He had absolutely no reason to bet thinking of such things. The first image seemed almost testing in its way, ready to snap at a moments notice. This second image though, Hux wasn’t stupid. If the image continued it could go one of two ways. The hands could once again push into the flesh until blood spilled or they could down low- Wait, Hux had to breath. He couldn’t lose his composure just because his mind was tired and acting irrationally. While Hux had certain thoughts from time to time they were never this separated and apart from his own will. He was better than that. He was better than his fellow officers who would succumbed to their desires and let themselves go whenever they were sent away to other planet missions. He was better than those men and yet, he would be lying if he didn’t want to give in from time to time. As the image in Hux’s mind simmered to a faint afterglow, he could only groan in frustration. These images were a nuisance, a burden on his being. If his mind was going to tease him it might have as well as finish the job, not let itself go in fragments. It was just like Hux though, to seem as if he gave in to his own needs and wants and to stop right before he could get anywhere. Hux prided himself on his self-restraint, to not give in the feelings of lesser actions. But if he thought about it, he would be lying to himself if he didn’t want something. To see those black gloves on skin was one thing, but to be able to feel them on his own skin would be another. Hux nearly shuddered at the thought but he restrained himself. He could not let his mind get the best of him. As the image that once took over his thoughts nearly faded to the back of his mind Hux could feel himself relaxing. He was stressed, thats all. He allowed himself a moment of weakness and thats all it was. A moment, a dream, a desire fleeting in its existence. Closing his eyes for a moment hoping to find sleep, Hux felt his body relax. For a instance, Hux felt that he could find peace for the night, letting his thoughts float away until- Another image streaked across his, this time loud and demanding, as if insulted that Hux had the gull to ignore it. The image this time was a continuation of the last one, but now, now Hux could see everything. The body that the gloves pressed against themselves wasn’t just a dismemberment of a figure separated from a person, away from a conscious of that yearned for prying fingers and a heated body. No, the body where the black gloved fingers lingered just below Hux’s vision was his own. This time Hux shot up in his bed, breath hitching. The image refused to disappear and Hux could do nothing to get rid of it. He tried shaking his head, breath becoming heavier as the image stayed in his mind. Why couldn’t Hux get rid of the images? It was his own mind, why wouldn’t they leave? He didn’t want to acknowledge them now yet still, he had no power over them. Before Hux had time to think further, a sharp pain shot itself across his forehead and the image in his mind grew sharper. Hux could see himself in his own bed, yet his hands were above his head, held together by a material that reminded him faintly of leather. The skin around his wrists were red, fingers trying to grasp onto anything they could latch onto. The image moved lower, to Hux’s face and he could see his eyes closed tight, a faint hint of tears staining the corners. A body was on top of his, covered in black, legs splayed on either side of him, the hand Hux saw before resting just above his hips. Hux closed his eyes, hoping to rid himself of the image yet it only seemed to intensify. The hand lingered on the faint outlines of Hux’s hips, nails scraping against the soft skin as they trailed down even further and Hux could see them wait patiently on the hem of his pants. For a moment nothing happened and the image wavered, escaping the view of Hux for a quick snap of time. Suddenly, the images came back in full force and where the fingers once waited patiently were no longer there. Instead they were underneath the cloth they once rested on, and Hux could only guess what the him in the image felt. He didn’t have to think long though as he saw the fingers return from underneath his pants, grasping the soft cock of Hux’s other in their grip. Hux almost let out a shout when the image presented itself but quickly silenced himself with his own hand. He couldn’t let others see that he wasn’t in control of his own thoughts. The image in his mind was most certainly not helping him though. Hux could see and hear the fingers on his cock begin to stroke the soft flesh. The pale member began to harden and Hux could hear his other self struggle to keep himself contain. His eyes were still shut tight, so tightly it must of hurt and God the person on top of him seemed bent to oblivion to make him scream. “Look at me.” The words surprised Hux, as they were rough, unrestrained in their demands. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh god, it was Kylo . Kylo was the one on top of him. Kylo was the one whose fingers were stroking his cock, slow and tortuous as the only thing Hux could do in the image was squirm. Low whimpers spilled out of his month, edging between a voice that didn’t know if it should plead or beg for more friction. Hux could see his hips arch up, desperate for something more, anything more and yet still, Kylo denied him. Hux could hear himself whisper please, whether it came from him or the though he did not know. Kylo said nothing, only continued his pace and Hux wanted to scream. “I told you to look at me.” Hux tried to shout, tried to tell his other self not to listen to Kylo commands but his frenzied thoughts had little power over the images that stained his mind. Hux looked with anguish as the him in his thoughts opening his eyes, pupils wide with fight. “I will show you impunity.” With that, the image faded from Hux mind, gone as quick as it came. Hux saw no release, no end to the misery of himself in the image and in the moment of now, Hux felt anything besides satisfaction. His breaths were heavy, weighted with a lust he could not bring to fruition. Hux brought his hands to his face, hoping that tomorrow would be a better day, but within the recesses of his mind he could see faintly, for just a moment, a smile.