Han Solo had always had a nasty habit of lying, as Leia liked to remind him. It came with the job of being a smuggler who was always in debt to questionable people. He needed to twist the truth a little bit so he could get out of a nasty situation, preferably with his life. What people didn’t know, was that the one thing that made him a good liar… Was that there was always some truth to his lies. “Come home.” When he dragged his feet across the bridge, Han had always known that he could not persuade Ben, his beloved, hotheaded son, to do anything, any more than he and Leia could with each other. They were a family of stubborn people; it was a miracle that they had even been able to stay together for as long as they had. He was just talking to Ben to buy time for those two lovebirds, who reminded him of a past long gone. Maybe they'd have a better ending. But the truth was, Han really did miss Ben. Telling himself otherwise was just another excuse. “When Snoke gets what he wants, he’ll crush you.” True, perhaps, but if there was something Han thought he had glimpsed beneath those sad eyes of Ben’s, was a life that had been missing from his childhood since he began Jedi training. Besides, considering Ben had his genes, Han wouldn't be surprised if the kid managed to turn the tables against Snoke. He was unpredictable, after all, and he'd learned from the best: his dad. And in a cruel way, his boy would finally be doing what he loved. “Will you help me?" Those words from his son broke his heart. Han remembered, with regret, that he had not, in fact, done everything for Ben,even though his son always asked him to help out with something. If he had, he would have seen it from the start: his fiery son did not belong among the cooler heads of the other Jedi-in-training he’d killed. Han would have spent more time with Ben instead of arguing with Leia about what was best for him. He would have recognized immediately that the boy needed his mother, even with her duties at the Republic. Leia had never been around as much as he and Ben had hoped she would be.If he’d just listened to his son, Ben Solo could have been the best pilot in this galaxy, maybe even inherited the Millennium Falcon. That boy might have been force-sensitive, sure, but damn had he been good at flying. It was a waste of talent. Now, in this moment, Han knew what he had to do to make up for his failings as a father: he had to allow his son to make his own choices, even if it was too little, too late. He reached for the lightsaber. Getting stabbed was a shock, but then, getting stabbed was always a shock. Han thought wryly to himself, death by lightsaber, huh? Helluva way to go. Better this than death by bounty hunter. It was fine; Han had done everything he could, and everything he didn’t think he would. It was finally time to let go. But it wasn’t until the last drop of life drained from Han Solo that he saw his son’s teary face again and realized the truth of Ben’s final requests. He reached out toward the boy to show that he understood: Ben Solo was a much better liar than he had ever been. Notes: This was really, really tricky to write. Trying to capture a father's love for his child, even if he is a murderer, was very, very hard for me. Also let me know if I need to make factual corrections. The last emotional tie that Kylo Ren had to cut was the one with his father's. That leads me to believe that he was not that close to Leia in the first place. I assume Kylo Ren is good at flying, but that also depends on when he turned to the Dark Side. One of the comments in the Internet stated that Kylo was just tugging at his dad's heartstrings so he could kill him, so I tried to incorporate that here. Hopefully it came across!