He asks Snoke exactly once how it’s done. It’s stupid, and he knows it the second the words are out of his mouth. Someone as powerful - and as large - as Snoke has no need for a lightsaber. The laughter burns in his ears as he retreats to his new quarters. Hux wasn’t even there, but he can just see the self-satisfied smirk on that bastard’s face anyway. The shame and frustration coil together, scraping lazily against his ego. There’s a moment when he resists, when his old training - his old weakness - whispers to him about anger and the Dark Side and how easy it is to fall. And then a new voice rises up in opposition. Stronger, better . Anger will make him powerful. Anger is the key to all of it, and the reason his father and his mother and Master Luke caution against it is because they are afraid . Of him. Of the strength he will wield. Why should he have to resist anything he wants? He is the grandson of Vader. Whole planets will see why, when he is done. He twists through the Force, tearing the lighting fixtures from the roof with the barest thought. It doesn’t help, so he does it again until the room is cast in darkness and the smell of burning. Vader, he thinks, had a lightsaber. The first one explodes. The room he’s working on it follows not long after. The Dark Side does not require patience. The second one fails in front of his troops. He sees - he thinks he sees - he knows he sees one of them smirking, somehow. Or hears it, mechanised through the mask. It isn’t hard to show them the power of Kylo Ren, lightsaber or not. It’s worth the look of distaste Hux gives him when he informs the man to give him a replacement. He hits on the exhaust ports when working on the third one. The whole structure sputters and spits, and it looks like its threatening to explode again at any second. But he is power and he is the Dark Side, and he knows - this time he knows - it won’t. He regards it in the dim light of his workroom, turning it this way and that, examining it from every angle. Pathetic , the voice of Luke Skywalker whispers to him. Or maybe it’s Snoke. He grits his teeth and slices through the work table in a single, easy down stroke. The lightsaber sparks, almost seems to growl, and holds together. It fits , he thinks grimly, and destroys the chair for good measure. He has never seen his grandfather’s weapon before. And yet - he sees it in the hands of the boy , and he knows. It’s not until he she wields it that he considers the ramifications of her . His mind has been…in turmoil. Her voice lingers in the edge of it, speaking of fear and things she has no reason or right to know. But he has taken care of that. He is committed now, wholly, to the Dark Side. And this girl wielding his grandfather’s lightsaber like she was born to it, a single column of pale blue light, will be the proof of it. He will see that light broken down. He will see her turned to the flickering, surging, growl of power. What is a master, without a student?