A Father's Love Summary: Kylo Ren has finally cut off the last connection to his old life, but was it worth it? Or, 5 times Han Solo shows his son how much he loves him no matter what, and one time... Kylo Ren stifled a gasp as his lightsaber swept through the older man’s body. He had not been sure that he was capable of it until the exact second it happened. It was the last emotional tie he needed to cut from his life, and he had actually done it: severed the bond with his father. Ben Solo hid in the branches as he observed the scene below through his mask. His father was wounded and surrounded by a group of determined bounty hunters who were sure they would finally capture him, dead or alive. “This time you can’t escape, scum!” "Come on, fellas..." It was just like his dad to try to talk his way out of this. He waited a few minutes before he leapt down from the branches and slashed. His red lightsaber crackled with each move and the bounty hunters screamed, realizing that they had gotten in over their heads with the appearance of the notorious Kylo Ren. Once the enemy was quickly disposed of, his dad zeroed in on him. “Ben!” Smiling, he removed his mask. “How do you always know it's me?” For someone who wasn't force-sensitive, he always seemed to know when his son was near. Ben ran to his father and buried his face in the other man’s shoulder, trying not to cry. It had been five long years since they last met. His father winced. Ben pulled back, drawing his lightsaber. “Dad! What did they do to you?! I'll kill them!" One of the bounty hunters had escaped. He would track her down and- His father ruffled his hair. “I’ll be fine, kiddo. Don’t worry about me.” Taking a deep breath, Ben sheathed his lightsaber. “You always bail me out.” There was no mention of the bodies in the snow. “I can’t bail you out all the time.” Ben sighed. “I still have work to do.” Father and son had come to an agreement that they would refer to the latter’s activities involving the Dark Side as ‘work’ and nothing more, so the elder man said, “I’m glad you got here when you did.” “I know.” Ben hesitated; he missed his father. He could just go back home... "I- I have to go." Shaking his head, he turned to leave. “Wait.” Ben's heart beat faster. He was supposed to report back to the Order soon… “Stay with me for awhile. Just a couple of days. Please?" In the end, Ben decided to show his father how he had built his lightsaber from scratch. Ben dropped the lightsaber to the ground. Bloodied and panting, he stood up from the massacre, his mind completely void of any emotion. It was ironic that he had worked so futilely during his training to still his mind, only to find that the act of murder itself did the deed instead. He heard his parents in the distance calling out his name. His vision cleared. He watched his mother’s eyes widen in shock and saw her turn away. He’d expected that from her; she always abandoned him when he needed her the most. It was his father’s reaction he was worried about, and he didn't want to see the disappointment. When their eyes met, he glanced away. He made for the ledge of the Temple without an apology and ignored his father when the man gave chase. Right before he jumped, Ben heard the gruff voice. "It's going to be okay." “Mother, you’ve done everything for the Republic. You’ve done everything for our freedom. Why are those politicians doing this to you?” It was as if everything his parents had fought for were for naught. They were supposed to be the heroes, and these corrupt politicians at the Republic painted them as scoundrels and idiots. His mother was a strong woman and her influence was diminishing. Occasionally, he would see her shed a tear, which angered him. How could these people do that to her? He would think about what his parents had fought against and wonder if they had been wrong all along. Maybe the Galactic Empire under his grandfather, Darth Vader's, rule had been effective after all. When Ben came across the Order, an organization that strove to recreate the Galactic Empire, and realized that he got along well with everyone there, everything changed. He realized that he never belonged with the other Padawans, who teased him for being emotional. He hungered to learn more about his grandfather. He loved his father very much, but, to the chagrin of his mother, he felt he related to Darth Vader the best. It would be an honor when he finally met Supreme Leader Snoke, and even more so when he realized that Snoke had his grandfather’s helmet all along. Darth Vader’s mask became a symbol of order and stability for Ben Solo, and the chasm between him and his mother grew bigger. Whenever tempers flared, his father often had to step in as mediator. Ben was meditating with the other Padawans. It was extremely difficult to sit still in the silence. He wanted to learn how to fight with his lightsaber and use the Force. That seemed so much more fun. Distracted, he opened his eyes. To the protests of the other Jedi present, Ben's father had just walked confidently into the Jedi Temple as if he'd owned the place and right toward his direction. Ignoring Uncle Luke's protests, his father declared to everyone present, “Ben, I’m getting you out of here.” “But Mom is going to-“ “No buts. I’m going to teach you how to fly the Millennium Falcon today. How about that?” "Really?" Ben's eyes lit up. He'd been begging his father to teach him for months. "Really. Chewie's waiting outside." Ben forgot about his Jedi training as he followed his father outside the Temple. “Uncle Luke, this isn’t working at all!” Ben protested. “How many times do I have to do this?” “As many times as it takes,” his uncle curtly responded. Ben had been practicing with the lightsaber and the floating ball, but he had been growing frustrated. He did not want to continue training. He noticed the looks exchanged between Uncle Luke and his father. Was he going to be in trouble? The staredown between the two men ended with his father the victor, and his uncle dropped the subject. “We’ll talk about this later, Ben.” He walked back into the Temple to meditate. Ben sighed as he sat next to his father, and they both looked up at the stars. “You know, when I first learned to shoot, I couldn’t aim at anything?” His father began. “Dad, I really don’t want to hear it.” Ben had heard this story countless times. He heard his father chuckle at that. “What’s really going on?” “The same exact thing, every single time.” He wailed, letting it all out. “It’s no secret I’m the son of the best Rebel Fighters this side of the galaxy and the nephew of the last Jedi Knight. I’m ‘force-sensitive’ but I don’t feel like I’m keeping up with everyone else. Uncle Luke tells me to calm my mind, but it's impossible!” “That’s because those two Rebel Fighters are your parents and just as hotheaded as you are.” “Then how do you and mom deal with it?” “I don’t know about your mother,” his father started, “but I might have something…” Ben was about to ask what the trick was when his father threw a pile of snow at his face, and, amid protests and laughter, the snowball fight began. “Thank you,” Kylo Ren said, putting all the weight of his emotions into two little words. He was grateful. Truly. He felt the pull of the Light weaken at last. He was about to turn away when his father lovingly touched his cheek one last time. The memory of this burned itself into the man’s mind and he realized, with dismay, that murdering his own father had done absolutely nothing for him. Their bond would continue long beyond his death. His father had always loved him and even then, would never hate Kylo for what he had to do. It wasn’t fair. What he didn’t know was that it was this rage and helplessness against his Fate that would complete his conversion to the Dark Side and lead to his transformation into the feared leader, Darth Revan. But sometimes, when he thought no one was looking, one of his apprentices would find him standing quietly in the forest as the snow fell from the night sky. Chapter 2 : The Decision Notes: I wasn't expecting to write this chapter, but my hand slipped and I made myself cry. “Will you help me?” Han Solo's son, Ben, was asking him to take the lightsaber. When Ben didn't let go, Han realized that his son had made a choice. There was definitely no way he could bring back their son and return to Leia now. Ben was always an independent spirit, just like his parents. The good old days when all three of them were together under the same roof were long gone. “When it comes down to it,” Maz Kanata had asked him, “would you kill your own flesh and blood?” He’d had no answers for her at the time. Here on the bridge, he still didn’t. They were standing close to each other, with both of their hands on the lightsaber. The tense seconds that passed felt exactly like what happened at the Cantina; he and his son were simply waiting to see who’d shoot first. One second. Han stared deep into his son’s eyes, finding inside them the same little boy he’d come to know and love. He remembered their first snow ball fight and the way the boy grinned when he realized he could fly the Millennium Falcon. He would give everything to relive those precious moments again and again. Two seconds. He’d never given up on his son. He was always there for Ben whenever he did show up, but he never had the courage to ask him to come home. It wasn't until Leia finally admitted what he'd known all along, that there was still good in Ben, that Han even dared to try despite the odds. Three seconds. “I love you.” “I know.” He hoped his son did too. Four seconds. Both of their hands were still on the lightsaber, and when Han saw Ben's hand move, he realized that he did have the answer to Maz’s question all along. Chapter 3 : Sentiment Summary: It may have been sentiment that defeated Darth Vader, but it would be sentiment that molded Kylo Ren into something darker. Notes: This was originally a separate fanfiction (which you can still find!) until chapter two came along. “Get up.” “Dad?" Ben Solo tried to move but found his whole body was aching. He could only lift a finger. "How did you get here?" “Come on, Ben.” Against the backdrop of the light, his father held out his hand to him and smiled. “I can’t!” He protested. "It hurts." “It’s all right.” The man knelt beside him, putting a gentle hand onto his chest. “Breathe.” Ben tried; he could feel his throat tighten and his nerves scream out. “Remember the first time you learned to swim?” This is ridiculous, Ben wanted to say, but his nerves were still screaming. He was forced to listen to his father count repeatedly from one to four. “Just count with me, kid.” Sighing, Ben counted. As he did so, his breathing leveled, and he coughed out blood. “Think you can get up now?” Han Solo held out his hand again, and Ben reached out toward his father. Suddenly, a lightsaber flew in his direction, burst into a flash of crackling red light And pierced his attacker. She was just as shocked as he was. He had been prepared to die by her hand and she had been prepared to overthrow him; after all, of all the Knights, she was the more levelheaded one. But they were both wrong. Kylo quickly got up and telekinetically shoved her against the wall behind her. He grew confident with each slash and parry while his opponent retreated and shrank away. Supreme Leader Snoke let out a slow chuckle as Kylo Ren, screaming, with blood flying from his head, slashed at the woman. Eyes wide and teeth clenched, Kylo watched her crumble like a doll to the floor. When she pleaded for mercy and forgiveness, he stabbed her in the heart for her insolence. He dug the lightsaber deep into her body until every single drop of life fell and her eyes were as lifeless as glass. He counted to four and the crackling crimson vanished. Kylo paced back and forth, eyeing the other Knights hungrily. “Does anyone else think I’ve grown soft?!” The remaining knights lowered their heads and muttered no. “Good.” Kylo Ren hissed, pointing at the knight’s lifeless body. “Let her be a reminder to all of you what happens when you...get...cocky." The knights fell silent. “Very well done!" Smoke exclaimed, clapping his hands together. "You had me worried, Kylo. "Now we begin the next phase of your training!” Notes: The snowball fight scene in chapter 1 was unashamedly lifted off a scene between Geralt and Ciri from The Witcher 3. I'm guessing the trilogy is going to reimagine Darth Revan.