"I promise - you'll love it there." Hux was grumbling all the way out of the apartment. Along the sidewalk to the bar. Along the way to their table. And now he wore a sharp scowl on his face, irritation clear in his expression. Phasma literally dragged him out their apartment, where he was, in fact, perfectly content lounging in. But he couldn't exactly go against all 6"3 of her, so here he is now. Damn roommates. He was seated at the far corner of the bar, all dim lights and glasses clinking. The said roommate was all out on the dance floor, dancing against a giggling woman. This trip was worth it after all, for blackmail purposes of course. His peace was of course soon broken, as someone slid into the seat across him, the chair sliding loudly against the floor. Pathetic. "So what's your name? I'm Poe Dameron, and I can assure you I'm ridiculously good in bed." Seated in front of him was a hammered man, all bedhead and sleazy smiles. He was shorter than him, and his breath reeked of whiskey. He's got to admit, he was highly attractive, bright eyes and white teeth displayed at him. But he wasn't his type. "I'm sure that must be very true, Mr. Dameron, but I'm afraid-" What stupid excuse can Hux use at this time? "I'm afraid he's here with me." An unfamiliar voice joined the conversation as he felt an arm wrap around his middle, a chair set beside him. He was about to spin around and push against the unfamiliar company, but the low warning of "play along" was enough for him to stay still and wear an abashed smile. "Are you alright babe? This guy someone you know?" The guy was now facing him, all messy hair and big eyes - Hux was damned. The man's tight support around his waist and the pet name suddenly dawned upon him and he pushed himself to answer. "Yeah, yeah, I'm alright. Poe was just talking to me about his skills in bed, yes?" The mentioned man was red-faced and grumbling as he was pushing himself out of his bar stool, looking unconvincingly between the man and Hux. Finally, after about a minute of staring, he walked away, stomping out of the bar. What a brat. He remembered the presence pressing against his side. "Thank you for your assistance back there, I was fearing he would delve further into his skills in bed." The low laugh that came from the man was highly unexpected and terribly charming, as Hux suddenly turned a deep crimson at his thoughts. It's not that he hadn't met people, he knows he's not bad with visuals, but it's just that he wasn't used to someone this near to him. He says to himself, at least. Because in the back of his mind he knew that this man was definitely his type. "Oh don't mention it. I mean, I couldn't miss a shot on someone like you, exactly. I mean, those black robes are quite attractive, I never thought I would find a fetish for those." Hux didn't know if he was being mocked or not, but it sent a bright rush to his face either way. The man was now laughing, not moving his chair or his hand away from Hux's. "If you were looking for a shot with me, I must assure you that I am not one for this atmosphere." Actually, Hux was thinking of late-night Harry Potter marathons and overflowing bowls of popcorn instead of a sleazy one-night stand with this man. He was definitely in deep shit. "If you're talking about leaving this place and going for movie marathons, I'm totally in on it." Oh fuck the heavens for this. Of course, he was still fitting his type. "And if it means spending more time with you, babe-" He was not pushed towards him with a hand on his neck, noses brushing and eyes boring into each other. Hux pulled away as he caught a glimpse of the man pouting. Who actually pouts nowadays? "Take it or leave it, Potter 'till 5 a.m, butter popcorn and Dr. Pepper?" "Sign me the fuck up babe" He rolled his eyes at the continuous pet name, completely disagreeing at the fact that he was incredulously crimson. The man took notice and stared at him, eyes filled with this expression that Hux can't handle. Fondness? Hux hoped he wasn't reflecting the same look. "The name's Kylo, by the way." Hux raised his eyebrows at his direction. The man looked at him unwaveringly. "Do you think that I can be fooled by Kylo?" The man sighed. "Fucking fine. It's Ben." Hux smiled triumphantly as he was waving at Phasma and pointing at the exit. The woman winked at him as she pressed her tongue against her cheek. Roommates. "It's Hux." "So you can get a cool name and I don't? I'm rethinking this decision already." They were outside, the winter breeze blowing their scarves and coats around. Hux, of course, did not notice the way Ben's hair totally looked good under the moonlight. Never. "Then say goodbye to the butter popcorn and Potter, you ass." He was, of course, totally unaware of the hand developing his as they now walk under the streetlights, the subtle hints of snow falling from the sky.