When Finn wakes up, Poe is there. Of course Poe is there- Poe’s been there for weeks, waiting, just waiting for his new friend to wake up. Honestly it felt so weird for Poe to say the words ‘new friend’ about Finn. Finn already felt like so much more than that to him, he felt like someone Poe could trust. Poe hadn’t been able to trust anyone since joining the resistance (Probably before that if he was really being honest with himself). There was too big of a chance that they were First Order spies only looking to trick and betray him. So Poe cut himself off. Hid behind his cocky grin and status as the best damn pilot in the resistance. But Finn felt different. Finn who had risked his life, uprooted his entire fucking existence all for Poe. Because ‘ it was the right thing to do’ (and maybe he needed an escape just as much as Poe did). For Finn, Poe had immediately let go of any trust issues he had and just went for it. Trusted his gut instinct. ‘FN, huh? How about I call you Finn? That alright with you?’ He had allowed the other man- Finn- to lead him through the First Order prison and on to that TIE-fighter with no thought that Finn was just going to lead him into a trap. They escaped together. For those brief minutes flying out away from the Star Killer Poe could see the magnitude of the galaxy stretching out in front of him. He could hear Finn laughing and whooping and he sounded so happy- Poe wondered if Finn had ever been happy in his life before. Anything was possible… and they could face the universe together . They made a pretty good team back there Poe remembered thinking. His fantasizing was cut agonisingly short as they hurtled towards Jakka. When he woke he was alone. Alone in the dark. Again. Poe screamed and yelled Finn’s name till his throat was hoarse and he knew he had to start moving otherwise he would die alone in the dark; a failure. He didn’t end up dying. A miracle, he told himself, that he’d been found by the resistance just in time. The next miracle was seeing Finn alive again. He was so sure, so sure that Finn was dead he didn’t even allow himself the thought of seeing him again. Better not to hope. In wandered Finn yet again to turn his life upside down. In wandered Finn wearing his jacket . He had smiled when Finn rushed to return it, ‘Keep it. It suits you’ Wasn’t that the truth. So yeah, maybe ‘new friend’ didn’t quite cut it. Poe had broken all his rules yet again for Finn and he hoped against all logic that maybe he and Finn could progress to something more. After all, it was easy to project your wishes onto someone who was unconscious and couldn’t tell you if they shared a mutual attraction. Poe was desperately, laughably unlucky in love so the chances of a happy ending between them were slim to none. That was fine though. Super fine. Poe would be his buddy. He’d never tell the ex-stormtrooper how he really felt. He’d be okay. (maybe if he kept telling himself that then it would come true). Poe fell asleep at the moment when Finn woke up. Typical. He always missed all the good stuff. Poe was startled from his sleep by the sounds of onrushing doctors and medics flooding the room. Finn’s brown eyes were confused, dazed and frightened. Of course they were. The man had just woken up for God’s sake give him some air. He ended up yelling that over the noise to which the doctors glared at him, but dutifully left them alone. Finn’s brown eyes locked onto Poe’s and Poe felt a shiver of joy run down his spine. Finn’s eyes softened. “Poe…” “I’m here buddy.” Make him feel comfortable, make him feel safe. Poe had experience from waking up from comas and he could take a good guess at how Finn was feeling. “Where’s Rey?” Where’s Rey. The words hit him like a ton of bricks. Keep up the smile dammit Poe. Don’t let him see it falter. Be there for him. Be his friend. “She’s looking for Skywalker.” He just about managed to choke out. The walls were closing in around him, he couldn’t breathe. Where’s Rey. He felt sick. Poe got up to leave telling Finn that it was probably time for the doctor to take a look at him (and to give himself time to adjust, to put his game face back on). “Poe.” Finn called out his name as he was opening the door. Poe turned around and once again met the gaze of Finn. “Thank you.” “For what?” “For being here for me when I woke up. You’re a good person, Poe.” Poe smiled faintly and nodded. There it was again. That damned feeling of hope. Notes: yeah so that happened in the movie it was totally just cut out y'all i wrote this in a very short amount of time so all mistakes are mine bc im dumb. also could not quite remember the line about Finn's name so had to recall as best i could