Countless worlds reach up to her with their prickly, wondrous, eager hands. They are places her dreams never told her about, never allowed her to imagine for herself while fast asleep as a child, and for that her body burns before the kind of cold bright sunlight that could only belong to war. The war-stained horizon is blinding; it is a terrible sight to behold, it being pockmarked with rotting bodies bursting with bruises, scars, and artificial parts. The beauty of these worlds roots her to the spot when she steps off the Falcon in front of Chewie for the first time, but they fade and lose their vibrancy when the first stormtrooper steps off the dropship. Rey dreams about silhouettes burning up a storm on an ash-covered planet, where lava is bust carving out pathways through the foundations of crumbling, shapeless structures built into the faces of the cliffs. Sometimes there is nothing but the searing heat and the sound of distant screams lost to the endless inferno below her; sometimes she can glimpse a memory that is not her own: a green field, waterfalls gushing toward a pool filled to the brim with scentless white lilies, the icy water crushing the soft petals. On the edge of it all she sees robed figures and bright specks of blue, purple, and green, each of them flickering in and out of the din. These silhouettes and bright lights open new wounds that disappear upon waking; when she opens her eyes the first time it happens all that’s left of the dream is the fine sheen of sweat gleaming across the smooth plane of her forehead. Down the hall, she searches for the presence of her friends: a stark kind of emptiness blooms beneath the bed and threatens to swallow her up when she discovers that all three of them are gone. Then she remembers they haven’t left her; they have simply have been gone for some time now. But absence of Finn, Poe, and BB-8 is still something palpable, something terrible and alive that tangles itself up in her heartstrings while it awaits their return. The Resistance is all hard work, wounded bodies, and a will that has lasted since the birth of the Empire. Though no one speaks of it, they remember Han Solo and carry with weight of his death just as heavily as their General. Soldiers carry what weight they can for her because she will lead them on until the very end of all things, even if it that means the death of her or the death of them all. Her grief reaches out through the universe, along the bumpy high-strung cords of the way of things, travels until Rey feels it as a disturbance in the Force, hitting her hard in the chasm of her chest. Rey knows loneliness like she knows about waiting: she knows it well, inside and out. But not this kind of grief. Seeing Han struck down by his own son was a horror that could not be forgotten, not even if time was a kind thing that healed old wounds and held fast against the ages that brought change to the universe. But she only knew him for days—so short a time compared to a life’s worth of minutes and hours spent together in the other’s vicinity—and it took more than she expected to ease the pain of it out of her and into the space surrounding her. A scarred body leaves dark streaks across the worlds he glimpses while speeding down the path that will leave him ruined in the dark. The burn of a red lightsaber cuts through her on camera feeds and in her dreams where she feels invisible fingers probing through the muck of her memories and dreams alike. His fury leaves a trail of scorched metal and crashed shuttles behind. She does not go where he goes; she is not yet strong enough in the ways of the Force and the star-map remains incomplete. The blue of the lightsaber in her hands is a beacon of hope in the eyes of the pilots and the soldiers, blasters swinging from their belted hips, orange jumpsuits and red armbands covered in soot and the ashes of the places she’ll never lay eyes on. Her movements become smooth and fluid with practice, hands gripping the handle tight until her knuckles bleed white. One night, Finn and Poe venture outside to see the flash of blue moving in and out of the trees several hundred yards away. In the dark it is bright like a strobe light, flickering in between the shadows and the leaves. BB-8 beckons her away from the cover of the trees when the stars fall way and dawn begins to break out across the horizon, and, for a moment, it doesn’t look like something that ever had to see a broken body hit the ground before it was ready to fall. It doesn’t look like something war had ever touched. Pinks and blues and purples bleed through what midnight left behind, washing away the dark. It is more beautiful than all the green things in the world. “BB-8, look,” she says, pausing to point skyward. “They say that’s what hope looks like.” The droid beeps out a reply before continuing on ahead of her. War is a cruel thing. It leaves a scar upon all the worlds that know its name and leaves a stain on the ones that don’t. It cuts down forests and pollutes oceans, turning green things into ashes, pushing living things to the ground, gritting its teeth against the pull of the light. But the light laughs and smiles and plucks those sullen, horrible deaths from war-wrought worlds and drives the night out of the skies. It brings the promise of rebirth—if not there, then elsewhere, but surely, it means that peace would start fresh somewhere nearby. Rey dreams of silhouettes in every kind of place, lilies trailing after them like blood as they come and go. In the beginning, she thinks they might be her parents. But then time passes and she learns to meditate on it, learns to search herself and find that they are the ghosts of long-gone worlds hungry for balance and rebirth and peacetime, all of which reach for her with their charred, broken, starving hands. Pieces of them burn bright when she closes her eyes until there aren’t any more silhouettes. Instead, there is a map outlined in the stars far above and beyond her. Upon waking, her body nearly bursts from the frantic pounding of her heart as she calls for Poe and Finn, BB-8 beeping at her heels as she rushes toward the command center. With every step forward, the universe seems to grow a thousand systems larger. Asteroid belts, solar storms, and nebulas seek her out, always reaching for her. The unknown is a vast, endless thing with dead ends and trap doors and spiked traps. But when she searches for her friends nearby, and finds them whole and alive and well, it doesn’t hurt to look at the blinding war-stained horizon like it used to.