Chapter One Luke Skywalker's Point of View At some point, I knew something would have to give. I had stayed away from it all for years, initially convincing myself that if I stayed out of it, then it would all work out for the best. Somehow, I had deluded myself into thinking that was true, and listening to the girl, Rey, tell me her tall tale, I wondered how I could ever make such a mistake. Everything that we had fought so hard to achieve in our war against the Empire was now at risk of being reversed, all because I couldn't quite accept the mistakes that I had made in the training of Ben as a Jedi. My sister had lost the love of her life, and her son - to my foolishness. Han had died because of something that I had said, or done, to Ben, which drove him into the arms of Snoke. "If you are going to train under me, and if we are going to stop him, you will refer to him as Ben," I made sure to stress that point to her. "His name is Ben Solo." At first, Ben had drowned himself in his persona as Kylo Ren - in an attempt to forget who he was, what he was. He was the child of Leia Organa, who was the child of Anakin Skywalker. The only difference with him was that he preferred to look at it as if he was the descendent of Darth Vader - not even bothering to acknowledge his birth parents. "I've seen his mind," Rey whispered softly to me as she came to stand next to me on the cliff-face. "He refuses to acknowledge that." "He likes to think of himself as more of his grandfather's grandson, rather than his mother's son," I fixed her with a pained expression and then turned down to look at the weapon in my hand. First being made by my father and used by him, it had come into my possession, ironically enough when I was nearly Rey's age, and now - it had come to her. Rather through the will of the Force or just sheer dumb luck, Rey had been brought to me - and she was now as big of a player in this game as I, or my entire family was. Snoke knew of her - Ben knew of her - and they would both stop at nothing to have her or kill her, if only to keep her from me. Snoke feared the rise of the Jedi just as much as Palpatine ever did, he would stop at nothing to make sure that I was gone. "My father died for something beyond himself, most of his life - he cultivated the persona of Darth Vader to hide the sheer amount of pain, frustration, anger and sadness that he had endured." I started off on the defense of my father that I had been using since the moment I laid him to rest on Endor, no one had defended him. I did, and I would continue to do so until the day I joined him in the Force. "What Ben doesn't understand, what he has never understood, was that my father loved me, he loved Leia - and once he had freed himself from the chains of the Emperor, he would not let anything happen to us - we were his children, his flesh and blood." And no matter what crimes he had committed - and the repercussions of his crimes were still being felt, decades, and several wars and revolutions later. I couldn't hate him - I couldn't just bring myself to do it. There was still a very small part of me that was the lonely boy from a backwater planet in the Outer Rim - one that just wanted his parents to tuck him into bed. Leia still had problems coming to grips with him and his shadow - and I knew for a fact that she had placed some of the blame for Ben's fall to the Dark Side on our father. No matter how much I tried to reason with her, she wouldn't let go of that. It hadn't been the right approach, to lay blame directly on our father for something that he had no control of anymore. That wasn't the right thing to do, Ben's fall was the failure of all of us, and any chance we had at saving him would be the responsibility of all of us. It couldn't just be me doing it, or Leia, or even this girl. I had saved my father's soul by reminding him that he was a human underneath all of that armor and the veneer of the darkness that he had spent decades of his life cloaked in. It had only taken a second, but it was all that was needed to save him. I didn't know if the same would work with Ben. My father had been many things, but he had never killed me, even when he tried to turn me, he could never quite bring himself to unleash the killing blow - even when he had the opportunity to do so. He had enjoyed plenty of those moments as well. The thought of that day alone made my bio-electric hand ache with phantom pain. But Ben had killed Han. I hoped it could save him. I hoped something could save him. Turning to lock eyes with the girl, I offered her a small smile, "You must be tired, with the effort it took to find me, there's no way that you cannot not be exhausted.” "I...I could use something to eat," Rey actually began to trip over her words. We would have to work on that. But I had the feeling that this was the beginning of a very interesting friendship. Kylo Ren's Point of View I hissed at the medical droid as it applied more bacta to my wounds. It would require a three day stint, submerged in a Kolto tank and being constantly attended by a retinue of droids. The traitorous Stormtrooper and the girl had grievously wounded me on the Starkiller Base. After the Kolto repaired the damaged to my muscles, I’d still have to undergo physical therapy to totally heal. Luckily, the journey back to Korriban would take that long, and by the time I came before the Supreme Leader, I would be fully healed, at least physically . It would be some time before my pride healed. “My lord, there is no information that we can find on her,” I locked eyes with the intelligence agent and scowled deeply. “She has no records that we can use to-…” With my free hand, which seemed to be the only uninjured part of my body, I reached out with the Force and drew on my anger to pull the man’s throat into a telekinetic vice grip. I was in no mood to deal with failure, not even justified failure. “I want everything on her, I want her name, I want her place of birth, I want to know where she grew up – I want to know everything ,” I accentuated my point by tightening my grip around his throat. “It has officially become your sole purpose in life…” I loosened my grip on his throat so that he could keep breathing, but I used the Force to draw him closer to me, “And if you cannot fulfill your sole purpose in life, which is to find this girl, I’ll relieve you of your life and I’ll find someone who can do it.” My glare tightened, “Do you understand me?” “…y-yes,” He let out a choked reply and nodded frantically. I released my grip on him through the Force, nodded to him once and then turned back to the medical droid’s work on my skin, “Good, now get out of my sight.” The girl was power. She was power beyond anything that I had ever felt before, save for Luke Skywalker and the Supreme Leader. Her power rivaled my own, and in the darkest depths of my mind, behind closed walls that only the part of me that was still Ben Solo could still access, I’d be willing to admit that maybe, she was more powerful… Than me. I was the descendant of Darth Vader. I was the descendant of a literal manifestation of the Force itself. Either the girl was a new anomaly entirely – or I was just too weak. ‘ You’ll never be as powerful as Darth Vader !’ In that moment, I was filled with unparalleled rage, anger, frustration. And fear. Luke Skywalker's Point of View “ The girl is the key .” I opened my eyes slightly, even as night had fallen over my encampment. Rey had returned to the Millennium Falcon for the night, and I would join them there in the morning. That left me alone with my thoughts, and with my meditation on the time to come. I would need all of my strength when I finally stepped back onto the stage of Galactic Events, and I would be drawn back, willingly or not. “Oh?” I replied lightly to the disembodied voice. I had been in exile for many years, and in that time, I had come to touch many aspects of the Force that I had thought out of reach. One of them was the ability to bridge the gap between the netherworld of the Force when I needed to, for council. And my father was always willing to offer. “ She doesn’t know it yet, but she’s about to change the course of Galactic events forever ,” His voice seemed endlessly amused, and I imagined that if he had chosen to manifest at the moment, he’d be smiling. “ Yes, she is the one you’ve waited for .” I raised an eyebrow as it dawned on me – the way he spoke about the girl, with such confidence, such familiarity, it was no coincidence. “You know who she is?” The girl didn’t know herself – orphaned on a desolate world – just as I had been, and that was all she knew. All that she remembered of her life before she was stranded was a dim memory of her parent’s shuttle lifting off of the planet forever. “… yes, yes I do ,” He seemed hesitant to continue down this line of discussion. “And are you going to tell me?” I pressed on with a hint of annoyance. And as my father relented and elaborated – my eyes slowly widened in periodic shock, I understood what my father meant, I understood what was happening now. Oh yes, there was something mysterious at work, but it was the will of the Force. And I would obey. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Chapter Two General Point of View The bridge of the Star Destroyer Finalizer was silent. Deathly silent. It often got that way when their tempestuous commander fell victim to one of his legendary moods. The lower ranking officers had quickly learned that remaining quiet and totally compliant was a good way to retain your life when Kylo Ren was angry. The higher ranking officers, most of whom were old enough to hear the stories of Darth Vader in the Imperial Navy, just knew better than to do otherwise. General Hux, however, did not share the view of his subordinates. Dripping with arrogance, and arguably just as unhinged as Ren himself, he seemed to be the one person in the First Order, short of the Supreme Leader, that did not fear Ren. It was well known to Hux that the men both admired and pitied him for it. Because one of these days, Hux would push Ren too far. And Ren would punish him, just as Vader had done decades before. It did not even remotely occur to Lieutenant Mirsha Lin, the Chief Gunnery Officer of the vessel, that today would be that day, nor did she think that she’d witness it. First hand . Standing with her hands folded behind her back, to Hux’s direct left, she silently kept her eyes focused on the viewport, not even daring to follow her commanding officer’s snide tone towards Ren. Before joining the Navy, her father had told her the old stories, first hand accounts, of Darth Vader choking the life out of officers right on the bridge, and they were always ones that dare talked down to him. When Hux’s lecture was cut off by a slight, and very small choking sound, she knew what it was almost instantly, and that was what finally drew her attention away. Ren hadn’t said a word, he hadn’t even turned to look at Hux. Moving her eyes to rake over the cloaked figure, Lieutenant Lin was struck by how impassive he seemed, even though he was obviously the reason that Hux was in the predicament that he was in. With his arms folded over his chest, Ren’s body seemed to indicate that he wasn’t even are of Hux, almost as if Hux wasn’t there. And then Lin saw the greatest sight that she had ever seen in her time under Hux. Hux falling to his knees, hands grasping feebly at his throat. It was both terrifying and vindicating at the same time. “I could do it,” Ren’s modulated voice seemed lulling, almost amused. “All it would take is just a bit more pressure, holding your throat just a few seconds longer. It could all vanish, everything that you are, and everything that you’ve ever done.” Lin noticed Ren’s right fist tighten momentarily before the final moment, and she assumed that it was his way of warning Hux one more time. One last demonstration of his superiority over Hux before he showed mercy on him – a regrettable mercy. “And there is nothing that you can do about it,” Ren finished, noticeable disdain in his voice. Lin let her eyes drift down to Hux, who was still laying on his stomach on the polished walkway, catching his breath and trying to regain some sort of dignity from his humiliation. Lin knew, as Hux himself did, that there was probably no way that the crew of the ship would ever let him live it down, in their secret moments. “Lieutenant Lin,” Ren’s voice interrupted her blatant staring at General Hux, and she fought down the slight startle as she quickly moved to stand at attention. “I’m assuming that General Hux needs some assistance, take him to the medical bay.” “Yes, my Lord,” Lin nodded and, without question, moved to help Hux. Obey, obey without question, and there was no danger. She had to keep telling herself that. Kylo Ren’s Point of View The General has chosen the wrong time. He had chosen a moment to attack me when I was at my weakest, and my most angry. In the very long time that we had known each other, I had always tried, however begrudgingly, to show a modicum of restraint towards Hux. For however fine a reason, the Supreme Leader was most fond of the man’s abilities in planning. To kill him would be a great insult to the Supreme Leader. It was, however, well within my authority to punish him in the need arose. My backed ached terribly, there were burns all over my extremities and I still hadn’t completely recovered from my engagement with the girl on the Starkiller Planet. I had not known such pain since the beginning of my training with the Supreme Leader, and that rodent, that insect still insisted on maintaining his arrogance. Closing my eyes, and channeling the raw, throbbing pain from all over my body, I forced myself to relax and to blind myself to it. There would be a time for me to recover, later – for me to reflect on the events of the past few weeks with greater detail. It was not the time now, because they were still out there, waiting for me. Leia Organa and Luke Skywalker, my mother and my uncle – they were still there. They needed to be destroyed, the Jedi needed to finally be stamped out and that girl needed to be brought to heel before anything could begin. When Skywalker was finally crushed, and my mother was made to fall in line or suffer the same fate, then and only then would the real work of reshaping the Galaxy in our vision begin. As the Supreme Leader had said many times, the future of existence in this Galaxy would be born in the flames of the struggle between Darth Vader’s descendants. I was the sole grandchild of Darth Vader, and as my eyes opened, drifted ever so slowly from the left to the right, and took in sight of the fleet, I smiled slightly. In a contest with my wretched family, I had an advantage – in raw and complete power. “My lord, we’re receiving a transmission from Korriban,” I heard one of my pit technicians announce. “The Supreme Leader is demanding that you make contact.” I made sure to school my weary sigh. There were days when the pain got to me, where not even my utter devotion to his cause and his training would take my mind off of it. This was one of those days, this was one of the days where it wasn’t wise for me to be speaking with him. I would lose my temper with him, and I would be subjected to even more raw pain. And maybe, just maybe I had been subjected to enough. Maybe I had reached my limit, and I wasn’t quite sure what was about to happen. The orders had been simple. The Supreme Leader would handle the consolidation of the military as it prepared itself for open warfare with the Republic. Even now, throughout the territory of the First Order, all of our troops were being marshalled for war. Very soon now, we would be ready for the first wave of attacks, and there would be no more pretense. War would come to the Galaxy once again. While that was happening, while I was being kept out of the forefront of any fighting – the Supreme Leader had charged me with one task, and it was a task that I was ordered to follow until death. The first goal, the goal that was ever most present in his mind, and mine as well, was the utter extermination of the Jedi. Which was comprised of my uncle, my mother to a certain extent, and the girl. Every so often, I caught a glimpse of myself in a reflective mirror, or in a viewport, and I saw his face. Not like I had last seen it of course, with that look of grim acceptance etched into its deep lines. No, I saw my father’s face from when he was young, from when I was young, when the days were warmer, brighter and things were not so bleak. My father’s face. It haunted me ever still – as the weeks turned into months, and the search for what was left of my family continued. Only in my darkest and most private moments would I allow myself to even contemplate what Han Solo and his death meant for me. Somehow, I had managed to avoid even the slightest deep thought into it all. Because that would mean I would have to think about my mother. And even now, I didn’t think that I could stomach even a look in her eyes. I was supposedly free, supposedly freed of my attachment to my family – to the past and to my supposed Jedi Heritage. There was nothing that they could say, do, or force me into – that would push me back over the edge and back into the fold. But I knew the truth. I knew the truth in the back of my mind – and it was the truth that I had to guard. I wanted to be back in the fold – a part of me yearned, and would do anything. Anything .