Disable Notes: I'm new to the fandom, so my Star Wars vocabulary is pretty small. This story doesn't have a predetermined ending, so we'll see how it goes. Enjoy! The screams of weapons and men reached your ears in the mere seconds of you running through the field. Ash fell from the skies like a gentle snow. You stepped over stone and bodies, maneuvered through what was left of the buildings, and blasted through anything that wasn't wearing white armor. Blood rushed through your ears, drumming and susurrous, your senses heightened, like your body was desperately reminding you that you were alive and everything around you had a tangible existence. Your lungs rhythmically filled and deflated with each of your expeditious footfalls. Aim, fire. The riveted, vigorous rush you felt that filled your whole being surged you into the battlefield with regard for nothing. The gun wasn't the weapon. You were. You pressed your back to a half-fallen stone wall. After the arbitrary blasts from the enemy rained upon your company in a crazed flurry, two white-clad soldiers fell in a limp heap at your right. One of them gasped, gurgling blood within his throat, before he trembled and went still. Alarm filled your chest. That man could've very well been you. The gunfire never ceased, and the stone behind your head exploded and the debris rained upon you in scintillas. Indifferent, you tilted your head upwards to watch as dropships began lowering to the earth. Your veins pulsed with energy, renewed and awoken, and you stood. The body that fell upon your blasts was thrown back into the stones. His companions dodged your gunfire, but what they couldn't hide from was explosives. "That's not the last of them," a taut voice huffed through your earpiece. As if on cue to the trooper's response, several figures moved around in the distance. They made no move to fire. You loaded your blaster and took to higher ground. The sky, a dark shifting mass, began to give off a light shower. Over you, the clouds growled. Your respirator couldn't filter the smell of rain, and for a moment you were calm. From the sky above emerged a lissome, dark ship. Its wings folded themselves up as it settled onto the mauled ground. Stormtroopers flooded from its mouth and from behind them, walking slowly but deliberately, was your enigmatic superior, Kylo Ren. His cloak streamed behind him, arms listless at his side but ready at any moment to draw his weapon. He approached your group with a furtive glance in your direction, to which you responded with a respectful nod. "Get down!" The woman beside you ordered. For a split second, you were irritated with her, but settled with obeying and dropping behind the stone blockades. The ground around you exploded in mire and rock. You covered your head as the second explosion went over and finally the blockades crumbled, and you felt the woman next you grow limp. When you opened your eyes, her body lay sprawled over you, her white armor painted red. You shoved her away and resisted the bile that rose in your throat like flames. The enemy was drawing closer, you could hear their hesitant shuffling on the dirt. You took the woman's gun and stood, blood rushing to your head, and fired at them. The first one was young, maybe in his late teens. He fell first. His body crumpled onto the ground and the man behind him looked sick and afraid. You blasted him directly between the eyes, and dropped near his body to get a better look. You pulled away his scarves. Human. When you heard footfalls behind you, you readied your gun, breathing slowed to soft noise. You twisted your body and rose from the ground, weapon aimed directly and hand all too ready to fire. That was, until you realized who it was that slithered behind you and lowered your gun with a heavy sense of regret. Regret wasn't exactly the correct word. Kylo Ren terrified you. "Sir," you clenched your jaw. He drew a breath in that next second, like he might speak and remind you of your incompetence, but whatever his words were had been tossed to the wind. A small round tube rolled from the debris, its face flickering with light, armed. You regretted grabbing Ren's shoulders and throwing him. He could save himself, you were sure of that, but your instincts overpowered all thought. The blast surged you forward, and you felt hot fire travel up your arm as you used it to shield yourself. When it was over, and the dust settled, you climbed to your knees to find him returning to the low ground. You didn't know what to think. Your armor was damaged from the explosion, but nothing seemed broken or punctured. You wanted to rip your helmet off and breathe the true air, but you resisted, as to not be harassed by your superiors. Your body still ached horribly from the previous blast, but you reminded yourself that you've had worse. You hated explosives. "Everything appears to be all-clear," a trooper walked up behind you, "we should report." Your voice was unbelievably dry and tremulous, "Roger that." You trekked across the wreckage and listened to the rain fall around you and mud suck on your boots. The vile taste in your mouth emanated from the scent of death that you nonchalantly stepped over. Soldiers stood in groups, awaiting orders. You held your blaster to your abdomen and listened to the weather grow dangerous above you, ignored by the people below it. Thirty minutes into the silence, a bullet tore through your side. You hadn't time to react. Your gun fell to the rocks and you doubled over with a low groan as pain shot through your middle. Through your gloves, you felt the warmth of your blood. The still troopers came to life and took cover, blasting and barking orders. Your fugacious fears disappeared almost immediately; pain was temporary. Death? Not so much. The blaster felt weightless in your hands, but a part of you. You heaved yourself into position and hid behind one of the few blockades while your brothers in arms stood in the open. Heart racing, thrumming in your ears, you fired blindly. There was a woman. She wore dark rags, her skin bronze, eyes ablaze, as she stood a mere ten feet away. She had to have been the one that shot you. Time to return the favor. You raised your weapon, breathing heavily, and she mimicked your movements with an apoplectic glare. "Murderer," she spat. She was right. Your first shot ripped through her stomach. She gasped and swayed, gripping her abdomen in a bout of trepidation. Blood pooled on her arms and she released an animalistic scream, "Murderer!" You wanted to watch her die. The feeling was.. Overwhelming. Then she raised her gun and aimed right for your face. There was no dodging this time. No warning. You saw her pull the trigger and watched the flash of light, but you didn't flinch or cry. You waited. You waited, and nothing came. Hovering directly at your visor was her charge, blazing light, waiting at your face and watching. Your legs nearly gave out as you stepped back. She gave you an incredulous stare before her body snapped straight, muscles taut and face twisted in intense pain. Her voice came out as gurgling sobs. She was choking on her blood. When you stepped away from the laser, it continued its course to the ground in a burst of light. Relief flooded your senses like a sickness, you ignored the sharpness in your stomach. The woman was approached by the cloaked Kylo Ren, whose silence perturbed you. She spat at him, and their conversation grew clipped as soon as Ren slammed her body into the stones with an equable flick of his wrist. You heard her bones crunch upon impact. After what happened, you didn't know how to respond, you settled with silence. The trust you shared with Ren was unspoken and almost entirely nonexistent; you rarely spoke, merely gave each other looks of acknowledgement. There was no bond between you. So , you thought, why would he stop me from dying? You leaned against a lone half-wall and pressed your palm to your side to cease the bleeding, your respirator giving away your heaving. Three other troopers approached Kylo Ren, wielding heavy weaponry, and he considered you with his dark glance before turning back to abandon the area. "Bring them back to the ship." You were easily lifted, and you watched the fabric of Ren's cloak writhe in the hectic wind, slipping in and out of consciousness. As they boarded men onto the ships, you heard a voice at your left, blurry and distant. It was a simple statement, nonchalant and sardonic as he searched your thoughts, "You're not going to die." "I know," you wheezed, humorous, "it's too bad." Chapter 2 : Awareness Notes: This is fairly short. Writer's block. I'm still tailoring the story and I'm only a tiny teenager with tons of home stuff. Pfft. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was a while before you next came into contact with him. You were reclusive, you did your work in impenetrable silence and with the fluidity of a maven. Everything happened fast and planned. The healing process of your wounds took less time than anticipated; the snappy nurse wanted you out of her office as soon as possible. She was an acidic woman with a careless hand and an intrusive disposition. The narrow scars that marred your back were met with insensitive questions and prying. You shared a few arguments before your departure. You always preferred robots over humans. "It's just a damn question," she'd murmur as she monitored your progress, "were you a slave?" Medical droids never asked bilge such as that. "No," you replied, shaking with anger and the fuzzy thoughts clouding your mind. You weren't a typically violent person, but in that moment you wanted to wring her neck. Your release was a blessing. Returning to the field meant you were as far away from her prying eyes as possible. A promise was made, to yourself, to keep from getting hurt as to not return there. You were not an open person. Moving through the corridors, you'd catch him, and looking away was the only response you could come up with. You could tell he was vexed. The events brewing were undoubtedly stressing, and you would frequently cross a hall while he bludgeoned expensive materials with his pestilential lightsaber. He was volatile and confound; a secret you were growing desperate to discover, going against your opinion of avoiding curious tendencies. The raid on Jakku, which took a toll on your already sluggish body, left you spiritless and shaken. You didn't want to go as far as to question what you did. In whole, you wanted to believe you were doing good, that where you were being taken was a route of supreme accomplishment. Anger filled you. You knew you were growing weak-minded, and you loathed the feeling of doubt. You wanted to believe that your actions brought greatness. It wasn't like you could go back; there was blood on your hands, and there was no way to wash it. There were long moments when Ren would observe you, before he would leave with an air of arrogance and presumption. He didn't need to probe your mind to know of your doubt. That, you resented. It was as if he was building up for something. A confrontation. You even took to avoiding him. But you knew that he sensed your anxieties. The hall you stood in was a deaf silence. There was no footfalls, no soft brush of the air vents, no sounds but your own breathing. It unnerved you. Your name was called out of the quiet, and you straightened your back in an instinctive response. Your eyes caught the visor of another trooper. The man nudged his head to the left, in the direction of the corridors, "Stationed to guard the interrogation room." When you reached it, you were apprehensive. The man laying, strapped down, looked like a corpse. His skin glistened with a sheet of sweat and his face was left bruised and uncleaned. You believed in quick death, no suffering. But whatever the man held in his head needed to be taken. Through your pauses of listening in on conversation, you were able to get a hefty bit of information on the surreptitious predicament. Not too many people were let in. You hoped that Ren would take mercy on him, you had a feeling you hadn't seen the worst of his capabilities. "Where is the droid?" You heard the muffled and demanding order of his voice, still retaining its temporary calm. After being pushed to do so, you stood outside of the room, your back to the door but all focus on whatever went on inside. It was hard to decipher his voice, and at that moment, distracted, you mused on what that face looked like unveiled. Someone from within the room gave a painfully wretched groan. The dull ache in your stomach was a reminder of the earlier battle. Most of the missions you assumed in seemed to take a pyrrhic resolution. Exhausted, you hoped for any later achievements to be won without the loss of more men or your own mental stability. You feared becoming unhinged and frail. The prisoner screamed from within, and it made your blood freeze and body go still. "We have the location," Kylo Ren emerged from the room in a short lived bout of obvious anticipation. You adopted a more bold stance as to look like you didn't feel angry at everything, including your own being. Acting as reckless as you felt would have dangerous repercussions. You needed control. The troopers already filed away upon orders, but Ren remained, thoughtful, his gloved hand giving rhythmic taps to his thigh. His face moved to you. You heard his boots on the cold floor, noticed the self-assertive gait he walked with. He stopped so close you could see the fine threads of damage on his mask. The want to step away from him was great, but you didn't want to appear intimidated. What bothered you was that he had to tilt his head down a fraction to face you. "Sir," you said, as if this moment was replaying what happened on the field weeks back. "Do you think you just disappear when you avoid me? Do you think I need to prod at whatever is in your skull to know ?" Disturbed by his contemptuous tone, you were left awestruck and tight-lipped. He stared at you, statuelike and towering. The confrontation terrified you; the one of very few conversations you've had, and he sounded as if he might end you right there. You weren't sure if you still approved of saving him from the blast. You inhaled, "I don't.." Well, I hoped, sir. I hoped. "You're beginning to lack confidence in our operations," you noticed his hand twitch, and, for a moment, thought he might strike. He didn't succumb to any other position other than intimidation and concentration, "FN-7729, do you know what we do to soldiers who prove useless, or who turn into deserters?" "No.. No, sir." Your throat grew tight, and you felt the grip of rage and fear at once. He leaned closer. His abrasive tone palliated to a calmer but no less menacing assertion, "In order to not find out, I suggest you get a hold of yourself." "Affirmative." And just as quickly as he appeared, he was gone, returning the halls to complete silence and filling you with intense dread. But there was a flicker of anger in response to his actions. You were in no way useless. You were no traitor.. You lacked any understanding of him. His attitude was perplexing. One moment, he was acknowledging you with what seemed to be benevolence. Seconds later, he'd turn to disfiguring equipment and mortifying anyone near him. Maybe that's why you wanted to ascertain his position, his side. Your interest was foolish. Notes: He's not gonna be very friendly at first, that much I'll say. And he may be very OOC I'm sorry. This was an unsatisfactory chapter where nothing happened, but stuff will go down next time. We'll explore more of Ren's personality for sure. Woohoo, development. I have so many excuses wow ((I appreciate the support you guys give me, it motivates me to write!))