And all the people say, "You can't wake up, this is not a dream, You're part of a machine, you are not a human being." The force has awakened within the girl. It awakens within him, too. He almost slams his head against the low sitting bunk. It takes him a moment to reconcile the differences between his sleep-laden mind and the ever evolving room. Scratch that, the room is not ever evolving, his head is. God, his eyes are on fire and there is a creeping, stinging feeling across his facial bones. He tries to lift his hands, to soothe the wounds and finds them shackled. Oh, right. His uncle - no, no, the Wookie, had taken the traitor onto the freighter, just before his eyes had shut. The division between himself and the girl growing, and growing, and growing. He does not know how they found him, only that they did, and he has no recollection of fainting, only of the gentle sway of the destruction of a planet. He tries to sense the area around him, but his wounds pulse instead. Before he succumbs to the black out again, a figure moves from across the cell. "Ben," they say. Ben, he thinks, is dead. Only I remain. The world goes dark. And for a moment, there is nothing at all. --- Finn and BB-8 are staring at each other when Poe finds them. "Hi," he says. And, he means it, as much as you can mean a simple hello. "It's good to see you awake." Finn smiles, albeit weakly, and it sends a happy spark into his stomach. Like, escaping from the First Order with a rogue stormtrooper who looks like his dreams used to feel. Poe smiles back and he is sure that the smile looks a bit like C-3PO sounds. Stiff, proper, and inopportune. He tries again, tramping down the feeling again, and it comes out suave, confident, and a bit snarky, "You need to rest, you know. Regain your strength. The Resistance is lucky to have you, Finn. Don't forget that." If BB-2 were human, it would be tilting its head, and possibly tell Poe to quit making so many comparisons. Poe smiles, again. The smell of the recovery ward is mostly antiseptic, some blood, guts, and tears in other sectors. In this room, in Finn's room, it smells like pure man. Not the dusty, grungy smell that he has become accustomed to. It is the smell of home, of a worn-in leather jacket, and mint toothpaste. It makes him want to sit in the chair in the corner forever. Or, at least, until his friend is out of the ward and into the base, not hurt and drugged like he is now. The former stormtrooper loses focus on BB-8, on the room, on Poe, his eyes crossing as the pain medicine hits his system. When he focuses back, they stare at each other for quite a while, and Finn decides to break the silence. "It means a lot that you're here, Poe. It really does." Poe smiles. He sits. --- Rey decides that meditation is her favorite thing to do. And by favorite, she means easiest. Master Skywalker had told her that it did not come easily to many Jedi, that he was impressed with her focus, he had said, "Your focus is better than mine was when I was young. Now, breathe." They had come to a mostly silent agreement. Her outstretching his old lightsaber to him had said what many words could not. Train me, teach me, show me. He had accepted. So, she decides to tell him what his sister had told her before Rey had departed, a whispered secret between them, with Chewie waiting in the Falcon. But first, she must feel the force. The force had awakened in the man. It had awakened in her, too. Chapter 2 Summary: He remembers sleeping on a ship, rocked by the sheer force of the universe, and his father brushing a hand over his hair. Notes: Thank you guys for the comments thus far and please, keep letting me know what you think! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He remembers sleeping on a ship, rocked by the sheer force of the universe, and his father brushing a hand over his hair. Dreams are funny things; they care not for choosing sides. They exist between the Light and the Dark. He sleeps. He remembers. --- The control room is nearly bursting with humans, other species, and droids alike. General Organa looks almost weary, not to the regular eyes, of course, it would take someone who knew her extremely well to discover the emotions hidden deep within her knowing face. She sits. C-3PO hovers, like always. "Princess," it begins, like the droid can not reconcile the General being sad about anything. No, he reserves the emotional sort of judgement for his Princess Leia, the one without the surname. She could have been a Skywalker or a Solo, but in true Leia fashion, decided to stick with the name she was given by her adoptive parents. The only parents she truly ever had. "Princess," C-3PO states, once more. "Perhaps, you should rest." General Organa look up. She knows the power of names, how, often they can give you a place in the universe. She had carefully selected her son's name, so he would never feel like a floating star in the galaxy, so he would have a tether tying him to his family, to himself, to the Light Side of the force. She forgot, in a dreamy state of motherhood, perhaps, that the power of names stretches far beyond her reach. Ben Skywalker-Solo, child of then Princess Leia Organa and Han Solo, nephew of Luke Skywalker. Anakin Skywalker then Darth Vader never Father. Ben Skywalker-Solo then Kylo Ren still her son. Princess Leia rises, still holding a regal air despite all the shit she has mucked through, "You're right, C-3PO, I think I'll leave the control room for a bit. The fresh air will do me good." The droid titters obsessively behind her, but she avoids the questions and goes to visit the man in the mask. Damn, history is a right bitch. --- The Jedi are trained early risers, Rey learns quickly. Still, she is happy for those moments of rest, of peace. Like now, when Master Luke, not Master Skywalker, he corrects when she slips, had told her she could do whatever she pleases with the small break allowed by him needing to work on something decidedly alone. The island is lush, the green and the water such a sharp contrast to her barely remembered childhood on Jakku. The desert planet in the far western reaches had held nothing but pain for her, a pseudo hope that had slipped quickly through her fingertips. Her hope had blossomed almost too much for her to contain when she and Finn and BB-8 fired up the Millenium Falcon, Han Solo had made her feel like a treasured daughter, Chewie nearly the same. And now, it was just she and the gentle giant. Still, she lets the hope live in her chest, she could afford that now. A scavenger she was, a scavenger she is still, secretly, in the darkest reaches of her heart. A scavenger for love, maybe, for scraps of affection. The creature in the mask - Kylo Ren, Ben - was right, she was lonely. Even now, here with Master Luke who is sweet and wise in equal measure, she aches. She hates him, a little, for prying open that part of her brain, and she appreciates it too, which baffles her. Rey decides to take a nap, a short one, easier now that she feels safe. Chewie will be back in a few weeks, her training not nearly complete, but enough that she can help with the Resistance. She feels indebted to them, to Leia, to Poe, to Finn, to every person who made her feel less than trash on a forgotten wasteland of a planet. Han would want her to. Her pallet is more comfortable than the carcass of an AT-AT, so it takes her very little time to fall asleep. The dreams come to her, a side effect, maybe, of having someone inside your head. The Force they had influenced had mingled and now, she dreams. He does, too. --- In their dreams, the ones they share, it is always the same battle on a different stage. One night, it is in the snowy woods of Starkiller Base, the original front. This time, it is in the desert of Jakku, he pushes and she pulls. They explode, their atoms mixing in the ashes of a galaxy. When he wakes, gasping for any available air, he sees . . . He sees. Notes: Sorry for the short chapter, again, I have to set the stage before we get to the big stuff. Chapter 3 Summary: The dream shatters when he wakes, shifting into the sight of his mother across the room. His mother, the General, the Princess, the Chosen One, depending on who you're talking to. He does not think she would take kindly to his plan, his reasons, so he stays silent, declining to speak first. Notes: I have my own theory on why Ben decided to go to the Dark Side, but, you'll have to keep reading to find out. I hope y'all are liking it so far! The dream shatters when he wakes, shifting into the sight of his mother across the room. His mother, the General, the Princess, the Chosen One, depending on who you're talking to. He does not think she would take kindly to his plan, his reasons, so he stays silent, declining to speak first. He learned that from her. "Ben," she says. "Welcome." She does not say welcome home. Only, welcome. Kylo Ren, the name he has adopted, who he is, starts his sentence calmly. He sits up, the shackles clinking together, "Thank you, General Organa. Now, exactly where am I being welcomed to?" She laughs, actually laughs, the pain in her eyes lessening for a moment. The pain that he put there. For a purpose, he thinks, everything for a fucking purpose. Thanks for that bit of wisdom, Uncle Luke - Skywalker - just Skywalker. She smiles, with half of her mouth, "Wouldn't you like to know. And, that is classified, I'm sure you understand." "I figured." "You figured right. Are you hungry?" Without his permission, the memories flood his mind, it's the Light, the ever burgeoning call that he has felt forever, even when he is so, so Dark. Mama has been in a council meeting for hours, Dad is off on a mission with Uncle Chewie, and Uncle Luke is here, his blue eyes twinkling as he stirs some concoction over the stove. "Are you hungry?" He is, he is starving, Uncle Luke seems to never tire, not even in the heat of the day. He hands Ben a shiny red apple, not with his hands, though, but with just a small gesture of his head forward. It never ceases to get a shocked, happy laugh out of him. "Do it again, do it again!" Uncle Luke laughs and it sounds like Mama's laugh, they're twins, closer than regular brothers and sisters. But, Ben wouldn't know, he is an only child. "I can teach you, Bennie, and you'll have no problem. The Force is strong with you. Can you feel it?" Ben can, it envelopes him, comforts him, strengthens him, sends power and happiness coursing through his veins. Dad doesn't understand, though, he'll listen to Uncle Luke when he tries to explain, once Ben is supposed to be asleep. "Han, listen. It's the Light. Ben has it, as much as Leia and I do. Like Anakin did." "Yeah, Luke. And, we see what happened to him." "It won't be the same. The Force is - " "Strong with this one, yeah, you've told me." "He's special, Han, my nephew sees." Ben grins up at his uncle, watching his blue eyes shine, "I feel it, Uncle Luke. It's everywhere." Uncle Luke reaches down to tousle his dark curls, "Yes, Ben, it is." Dad never looks at him like that, like he understands him. But, still, Ben thinks as hard as he can, I love you, Dad. I love you, Dad. I love you, Dad. Maybe, this time, he'll hear him. He knows how to shield his mind, to cover his thoughts with the Force so no one can see them. By the look on his mother's face, though, he knows she has seen. "Get out," he says, head pulsing with that same pain as before. Again, this time, softer, "Please." She stands, the General of this Resistance, "Rest well." "Don't count on it," he says. Though, he hopes for it. --- She wakes with a pounding in her head. The wind carries the whispered words away, This is not a dream. Don't be afraid. I feel it, too. The Force is pulling at something deep within her skull, though, she can't quite put a finger on it. Rey doesn't tell Master Luke that she dreams of his nephew not just at night, but often during her waking hours. He creeps around the edge of her vision, not like Darth Vader, like himself, maskless. She massages her temples, inhales and exhales, empties her mind like good Jedi are supposed to. It helps the pain. Kylo Ren laughs from the corner of the room. When she looks up, it is not the Kylo Ren she knows , but a boy of about five with messy hair and dark eyes. Sleep, it seems, will not find her soon. --- Poe had not realized that he had fallen asleep until he feels a warm hand upon his shoulder. "General, I'm sorry, I - " "It's fine, Poe. We all need a break once in awhile. I just wanted to check up on you and Finn. How is he?" He steals a glance over at the sleeping man, eyes traveling up and over the gentle slope of his lips, "He is better. Lightsaber wounds are nothing to be laughed at." The General quirks up an eyebrow, nearly smiling, and Poe remembers with a great wash of embarrassment, her father was Darth Vader, and her twin is Luke Skywalker, shit, you idiot. Shit. "I'm sorry, General Organa. I - I forgot." She pats his shoulder again, "Oh, Poe. Life is too short to apologize so much." Ah. Right. He smiles, instead, "So, you ever fight with one?" And, the General, she laughs. Chapter 4 Summary: They talk for a few moments, about her past, not the present. No, the present is too here and now and painful. The present is a conversation best left for the quiet of the evening when everyone else is gone. Notes: This will be a very short chapter but I feel that the stage is set enough for the story to really begin. Thanks so much for reading! They talk for a few moments, about her past, not the present. No, the present is too here and now and painful. The present is a conversation best left for the quiet of the evening when everyone else is gone. By the look in the General's eyes, however, it doesn't look like they'll be having that conversation soon. "Poe," she begins, looking at him but not looking at him, and damn him if he hasn't seen that look in her eyes before. That look is usually accompanied by the phrase "Poe, I need a favor." "Poe, I need a favor. Would you go to Jakku and get the map leading straight to Luke Skywalker?" "Poe, I need a favor. Would you go to Kashyyyk with Chewie and broker a deal with the Wookiees?" "Poe, I need a favor. Would you go to something that only you're reckless enough to do?" "Poe," she says, "I need a favor. And, it's a big one." Poe smiles, it's big, feckless, and it doesn't even portray a fraction of his excitement, "General, I was hoping you'd say that." The General then begins to outline her plan, retrieve Rey, try to retrieve Luke, give Luke her love, and in short, save the galaxy. Well, the last part was implied. "Think you can handle it?" He looks over a Finn's sleeping form, BB-8's round form right beside his bed, "Yes, of course. Just - just give me a minute to say goodbye and I'll leave at once." The General nods her assent, pats his shoulder with her warm, warm hand again and gives him a smile that doesn't quite meet her eyes. "He'll be okay, Poe. He's a fighter." Something warm seeps into Poe's bones, then. It weighs him down in the chair. It fills all the empty cracks in his body and leaves him wanting - wanting something. "General . . . I don't know . . . what I feel for him. It's real. That's all I know." Leia Organa, Princess, General, possible Chosen One, looks at him with such understanding that it almost makes him weep, which most assuredly almost never happens. "I know," she says. And, that's all she needs to say. --- She senses Master Luke before she sees him. That alone is a testament to how much her Force awareness has grown. She can feel the pleasure at her discovery from down the slope, where Master Luke is slowly climbing up, content in the energy surrounding the island. "Master Luke," she says. "I - " Luke Skywalker looks at her and she knows this can't be good. --- Poe links his pinkie with Finn's like he's promising something to him and maybe, maybe he is. "I'll be back for you, buddy. I promise." Their skin is such a sharp contrast against one another: light and dark. The universe, Poe thinks, needs to work on her comparisons. --- He dreams of the girl. Nothing more can be said. Chapter 5 Summary: Master Luke invites her to sit, more loosely than their regular meditation positions. Notes: Another very short chapter because my timeline has to be adjusted just a tad. We'll be getting to the good stuff very soon! Master Luke invites her to sit, more loosely than their regular meditation positions. Although Rey is primed and ready to receive the news, good or bad, the Last Jedi has decided to breathe deeply instead. In and out, his presence is almost overwhelmingly calm in this state, so she joins along, their breathing syncing up with what he calls, "The breath of the universe." When she is relaxed, her back straight, and her mind clear, that is when he breaks the silence, "Rey, my Padawan, there is something you must know." "Tell me, please, Master Luke. " The second part of the Skywalker twins strokes his beard carefully, "Leia is sending a pilot to retrieve you. The Resistance needs you sooner than expected." Several emotions wash over Rey then, it has been about two months since she had left, and it felt more like years. Time operates differently here. She feels . . . happy and sad and expectant and . . . anxious. Master Luke has been so kind to her. General Organa needs her. Finn and Poe, her first friend and her new friend, the only friends she has ever had will be there. Chewie doesn't count, Chewie is something else altogether. She will be back at the base where Kylo Ren is being held. She will be back at the base. Rey looks at the man who has taught her so much, "I will miss you, Master Luke. And - and I must tell you how thankful I am for you and your teaching me." Luke Skywalker smiles and in that smiles she sees so much, sweetness and memory and a twinge of sadness, "I will miss you too, Rey. Your training is incomplete but, my sister needs you, and so does the galaxy. That trumps me in all respects." He stands, extending his hand out to her, and she takes it. With them, silence is not at all deafening. --- To Poe, piloting is almost as natural as breathing. He has no crew, the ship is not a freighter, and yet, he feels the keenest sense of deja vu. The coordinates to Skywalker's Haven are easy to program, his droid, the one that BB-8 likes, is accompanying him. Silent in his waiting to see his master again. Poe knows what that feels like, even though he has only been gone half a day or so, he feels the keenest sense of longing. For Finn, for home, if you can call the Resistance Base that. And, he does call it that. General Organa had favored him, not just because of his skill, but because of something she saw in him. He misses his friends, his comrades, his droid, and he misses Rey, too. He likes her spunk, her willingness to do the right thing. That is a rare find, in a universe such as this. "What's it like knowing Luke Skywalker?" Poe asks to the droid, feeling a little ridiculous even as he does, even though he talks to BB-8 all the time. He pushes the ship into autopilot, fiddling with the carefully adjusted controls, and turns to face R2-D2. The droid, if he had a human face, would look very unimpressed. "I heard he is very wise." Again, the droid beeps, and Poe can't help but laugh, some things, it seems, do not need to be said. --- Leia sometimes feels like she's reeling, swaying under the scope of observation. She has not felt so powerless in a very long time. Han never made her feel powerless, even at their worst. Their worst was always the fighting that did not ignite within them. It was the fighting that left them cold, the kind of fighting that made Leia want Han gone, even if she hated to watch him leave. Their son suffered the worst, she knows now. It must have been hard having parents that were constantly shifting into politics and smuggling and passion, the kind that overshadows everything else in the world. Force knows they loved him, they all did - Luke, Chewie, everyone - but, it is hard on children. Especially sensitive children. Children like she and Luke and - and Anakin. The tears come without warning. She weeps for all that she has lost. --- Uncle Chewie cradles his head as the sky waves and weaves under his vision. "It hurts." Dad is on his knees, screaming for Uncle Luke, for Mama, for someone, anyone damn it! Uncle Luke is there, he is skimming through Ben's head, and Ben cries and cries and cries. Because it hurts and he can't help it. He can't help but cry even if Dad doesn't cry and he might think Ben is weak, but he doesn't care because the cure is right there but he just can't reach it. "It's Snoke, Han." Uncle Luke says and he is rubbing soothing circles over Ben's temples, brushing his thumbs gently over his browbones. "I don't know how, but it must have been the nightmares that he's been having. Somehow, the Dark Side is influencing the pattern of them." Ben closes his eyes. The secret shame is rising up in him again and it feels like he might vomit. "He didn't tell me he was having nightmares! Shit, Luke, I'm his father, what the hell kind of show do you think you're running?!" He knows without opening his eyes that Uncle Luke is giving his Dad the look that Mama gives him, it must run in the family, and Dad calms down for a minute, and Ben is glad for it because the pain is still pulsing in his head. "Han, please." It's true, Ben had told Uncle Luke in the quiet of the night when such conversations should be had, "Don't tell Dad, Uncle Luke, please." Don't tell Dad. Don't tell Dad. Don't tell Dad. Ben Skywalker-Solo weeps into his Uncle's robes. His father leaves like he cannot bear the sight of his conflicted son. I just want to be good. I just want to be good. I just want to be good. "Uncle Luke, I just want to be good." His uncle rocks him, like Ben is a baby again, "I know, I know. Shh, Ben. You are good. You are." Kylo Ren wakes with lost words on his tongue. "Not anymore." The apology goes without saying. Chapter 6 Summary: Dreams are persuasive things. They come in the quiet of the night, the early hours before dawn, and fill his head with wonder, with magic, with worlds unseen by his own eyes. Some of those dreams, of course, are rather strange, they have no stock in life. And, when the dreams turn sour when they shift into nightmares that is when he must worry. His dreams are routinely nightmares. Notes: Here we go! I hope everyone had a nice holiday or is having a nice holiday, I've been thinking about this chapter for days, even if I didn't get to write it. Please, let me know what you think and enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Dreams are persuasive things. They come in the quiet of the night, the early hours before dawn, and fill his head with wonder, with magic, with worlds unseen by his own eyes. Some of those dreams, of course, are rather strange, they have no stock in life. And, when the dreams turn sour when they shift into nightmares that is when he must worry. His dreams are routinely nightmares. They have been for a long time. He does not know when he will wake from this sleep, the one that keeps pulling him under when the pain strikes. He only knows that he has much to do. Destiny doesn't discriminate. He dreams of his father, sometimes. Of his childhood on this planet and that planet. He dreams of his uncles, he can call them that in this void, the space between sleep and awake. He dreams of his mother, of someone rubbing his head for him when he had a headache. He dreams of fighting with the girl, again, but before they touch his body begins to dissolve, and all that is left is the Force. And, whether he wants to admit it or not, the Light speaks to him often, as it always has. As it always will, it whispers. Come home Ben, come home. There are snatches of light in his vision, his eyes will open for a few minutes, maybe more each time. But, this time, his vision is normal, back to the sharpness it had been before the Wookiee had dragged his body from the snow of Starkiller Base. He blinks, lets the awareness drag him into the moment. Meditation was never his strong suit, though, he was pretty good at it on his best days. There was always something saying Ben, Ben, Ben. The shackles are looser, the white room almost too white, and he can stretch, and rise from the bed. He finds himself able to think, to actually think, without the fog of the pain. The pain that usually whets something in the Darkness. Ben is destroyed, ruined in what he is now. Right? --- The island is beautiful in the midst of the ever stretching sea, Poe says so as he steps out of the cabin of the loaner ship, keeping his eyes peeled for the Last Jedi and his apprentice. Jedi, bless them to Tatooine and back, do not have to be prompted. He sees them, one clad in robes, and the other in the gray suit she had left in, picking their way down the stairs that start at the top of the mountains. He gives them one arcing wave and it is received with a glint of a metal hand upwards and a shake of Rey's staff. R2 is beeping away and Poe releases him with the minor press of a button. The rocky shore of Skywalker's Haven is crunching under his feet, the breeze is light and cool against the bare skin of his face and hands, it might make for a good vacation spot. When the war ends. If you live to see it end, the voice at the back of his mind reminds him. Poe may be cocky, sure of himself, but he can't escape the great reality of death, the ever present hum of life inside his bones. Again, universe, you are shit with your reminders. He'll do well to live in the moment, to dream of the future, and wish that his death is signed, sealed, and delivered when he is very old and asleep. Those Jedi are fast, he'll give them that. While he was daydreaming, they have almost made it to the crest of the isthmus that he had landed on. Rey is the first to reach him, giving him one large hug, "Poe! I didn't think it would be you." He pulls back, to look at her more clearly, her skin is still that mix of pale and tan, her eyes still brown and intelligent, "Anything for you, my fair lady." She laughs that quiet sound that he didn't know how much he'd missed. "Well, thank you, still." They part, the feeling of camaraderie still buzzing between them, and Luke Skywalker slips of his hood, revealing his face to the pilot. --- Finn wakes, feeling less like a Rancor's chew toy and more like a human being than he has in weeks. The attendant dressed in sickbay red comes over to him, bringing him a sip of water. "Good morning, Finn. How are you feeling?" He lets himself stretch, "Good, good. I feel better than I have in weeks, to be honest." The attendant adjusts his monitors, gives him another peaceful smile. "You are very lucky, Finn. You are awake, at last, with only a small scar to speak for your experiences." The scar. Kylo Ren. Rey. Poe. BB-8. The latter three the only orbiting planets in his solar system. "Could I see my friends?" The attendant smiles, "Soon. Very soon." That, he has learned, is very suspicious. --- Part Two of the Skywalker Twins looks a little like his sister, their eyes have the same spark. Poe explains the situation with what he hopes is deftness. "Mr. Skywalker, um, Jedi sir, we have your nephew in custody. Your sister bids you to come home." The look in his eyes, well, Poe will never forget it. --- "I'll be back. I promise." They just smile, "We believe you." --- Leia startles, the Force whispers to her in the quiet of the abandoned control room. That's it. Luke is coming home. Notes: Quite a bit shorter than I'd like but family is still swarming me. More to come soon. Chapter 7 Summary: "What do you say?" He forces out a hard laugh, one she does not quite recognize in the revealing light of day. "Whatever you say." Notes: I just want to give a heartfelt thank you to everyone who reads, comments, and enjoys this fic. One of my favorite things about Star Wars is it presents such an incredible, detalied story with so much goodness within but at the same time there is also space to formulate, ask questions, imagine, and create your own story. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Give me hope in the darkness that I will see the light 'Cause oh they gave me such a fright "What do you say?" He forces out a hard laugh, one she does not quite recognize in the revealing light of day. "Whatever you say." --- Luke finds him later, working on the Falcon in the heat of Tatooine. The damn desert is a more apt name. The kid swore he would never go back, but now this lowly planet on the outer rim is an easy stopping point for the Republic, as long as they are cloaked in beggar's garb. He doesn't want to talk. He just wants to work on his ship without interruption. He may not quite fit in with this family of Force crazies, but he does understand the simple principle of: Luke, please, shut up. It's not his fault that every time he looks at his brother-in-law he hears good-bye. "Han, buddy, listen to me, please." He looks up at the man he has known for years, the Last Jedi, the Chosen One, the One Who Needs Saving, depending on who you're talking too. "Lay off it, kid. We both know what this is about. No use trying to hide it from me." Luke Skywalker sits and Han Solo has a feeling that everything is about to change. And, well his life will never be boring. That's for damn sure. --- Poe Dameron may be the least subtle being in the entire galaxy. And, on most days, he would gladly take that title. Not today, though, when he has two of the most important people in the galaxy in the hull of his ship - well, the Resistance's ship - but still. Neither of the people on this ship even think that they are that important, anyway. And, without a doubt, they could both kick his ass. He has a feeling, however, that there will be no ass kicking today. "So," he says to his very quiet passengers, "how's it going?" The silent glide of space is passing quickly and they are making very good time back to Base. He only has a little while to ease Rey's worry. He may not be Force sensitive but he can feel their amusement like he is. Jerks. He really likes them. They have a calming presence, these Jedi, and he is tasked with possibly the most important task that he has ever been tasked with. Everything is going to change when they get back. Whether they are ready or not. --- She has been called many things. Rey. The Scavenger. That Girl with the Staff. Of course, there were worse things, whispered things by men and women alike. The closer they get to the Resistance Base, the more persistent the call grows, something more than a mere person. It feels almost transcending mere words. Like meditating on the beach and not knowing where the horizon ends. It also feels like she is being too dramatic about the whole thing. And, at the same time, not giving it enough stock. Poe helps, Master Luke helps, too. Their presence is stabilizing, making her feel more tethered to everything that happens here, on this ship, on the Base, on the lonely island where she took larger leaps in understanding the Force than she ever could have on Jakku. And, to her everlasting surprise, she does understand the Force - not completely, of course - but it flows through her, cradles and strengthens and helps guide her mind. Thinking on the people, she cares about helps to release some of her pent-up anxiety. Finn. Poe. Master Luke. The General. BB-8. Chewie. Then, Kylo Ren, her something, her enemy seems too harsh, but her friend is not even close. Their minds had touched. They had collided like the beginning of a universe. Like the Big Bang and a headache all at once. She must keep her mind guarded, keep her mind still. Jedi are not supposed to form attachments, but Master Luke still has his, so she will keep hers. Soon she will be home. That is enough. --- If Han were here, he would call what she is doing, Leia Reflects. Almost as if she were a painting to be admired. Han would never say that out loud, of course, but she knew. With him, she never had to guess, unless he wanted her too. She should be in the command center, informing the troops of their new assignments. However, it is early enough that only a few forgotten Admirals will be at their stations, giving her time to reflect. On Rey, on Luke, on her son. He is still in the holding room, shackled and restrained with a Force shield, letting him retain his senses, but not his being able to wield them properly. Ben was a calm, thoughtful child. Never prone to violent, angry outbursts. He was intelligent, inquisitive, delightful. He wore his emotions on his face - perhaps, that is the reason for the mask - always. Later, when he was hurt, the wounds that led to anger, his outbursts were never directed towards her, Luke, or even Han. His anger may seem explosive to some, but, in actuality, it is quite implosive. They never came when things went wrong, no, he was calm in that aspect. When he gives into his own weaknesses, when he is the one producing the wrong or the hurt, that is when he explodes. He is a supernova, a sun in his own respect. He does not lash out at others. He lashes out at himself. Because he was wrong, because he was weak, again. He is angry at himself. The Light calls to him, sways him, it always has. Such a burden for one so young. So, so, young. Sometimes she forgets how young he actually was when they knew he was so sensitive to the Force. He was always so mature, so they all treated him as if he were as old as his thoughts, actions, and bearing. A mistake, maybe, in hindsight. It breaks him apart, piece by piece. He has to put himself back together every time - and, and it must be exhausting. He hides his face behind the mask. She knows why. --- I can feel the draw. It's pulling me back. Forgive me. I feel it again. The days pass slowly. He sleeps, meditates - something he hasn't done in so long - and eats when the tray is pushed into the cell. He doesn't pay much attention to what he's eating. But, he knows it is homemade. By whom, he is not sure. Here, in this room of solitude, his memory flashes mercilessly. He and his father - Han Solo - standing on the strip. Han Solo's face illuminated in blue from the hangar - the same sort of blue of Uncle Luke's - Luke Skywalker's lightsaber. His own face in red, from the base lights, from his own lightsaber - Darth Vader - dark red. Back and forth, the colors flash, they clash against his mask. The mask is off, breathe deeply. The Light calls. The Dark stings against his forehead. Red and blue. Dark and light. And then, and then, RED. His vision flashes deep red and he can't breathe. He can't breathe. A sad, small flash of blue, of loss. In a world that exists in black and white, his colors mix into a gray sky. Colors, like destiny, like fate, are not so simple. --- Poe lands the ship with practiced ease. "Here we are, folks. Resistance Base One. I hope you enjoyed your flight, please fly again." He turns to smile at them, Rey has a hand clamped on his shoulder, and he can feel her fingers shaking. He releases the ramp and takes her hand in his. "Here we go." --- Luke Skywalker steps into the bright light of the Base's landing platform. Before he can turn, his sister is colliding with him, her mind as bright as the stars. "Luke!" She yells and he feels so young again, she is clutching his arms, and he is hugging her back so tightly. They are crying in the middle of an airstrip, their tears mixing together when he kisses her cheek and this time . . . It is just them. "I missed you, Leia," he says and they haven't let go of each other for a second. "Luke, I missed you," she says and her eyes seem to say what her mouth cannot. They hold each other, the twins, together again. Notes: GUYS, GALS, AND NON-BINARY PALS, this fic has 5,000 hits. I am so pumped. Thank you! Family reunion is next up . . . Chapter 8 : An Interlude Summary: Ren remembers, again, as he is so prone to doing these days. The memory sweeps and swoops into his mind, he doesn't try to fight it. Not now. Not now. Notes: I'm BACK! Sorry, y'all. 2016 literally sucked the life out of me. Enjoy, let me know what you think, I promise Chapter 9 will bring the plot and all the goodness with it. Promise, promise, promise. P.S. Rest in Peace, Carrie Fisher. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) If you see her out there Climbing a wall Trying to get away Tell her she can't escape Whole damn world is a cage Whole damn world is a cage Ren remembers, again, as he is so prone to doing these days. The memory sweeps and swoops into his mind, he doesn't try to fight it. Not now. Not now. Uncle Luke has been gone for a long, long time. He looks weary almost when he takes Mama's face into his hands and kisses her on both cheeks. She smiles, warm and open and Ben tries not to hear her thoughts, but she is so happy and so radiant that they spill forth even when he tries to ignore them. They are all LUKE and HOME and HAPPY and MUST TELL HAN and ben ben ben we have to tell luke about ben. The last thought is the one uttered much more quietly than the rest and he swallows, the shame rising up in him, and he blinks back tears. He shuts his eyes tight and wills them away and he doesn't want anyone to see, but he knows HE KNOWS THAT HE CAN SEE. He promises, in Ben's darkest dreams, the one's that Ben cannot even utter out loud to himself, that he will kill Ben. Kill him in all the ways that make him. Twist him and mold him and change him. Ben presses his hands so hard into his eyes that he sees stars. Uncle Luke turns, Mama turns, too. Ben runs. Notes: Please listen to "Francis and the Lights" "SEE HER OUT (THATS JUST LIFE)" for all of my inspiration. Love youuuuuu. Notes: Since we have two years or more until we find out who Rey's parents are this isn't too sinful . . . yet.