A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, there was a grandchild who was a tad bit too obsessive about their grandfather. That grandchild is the trashy mess known as Kylo Ren, and the grandfather was the psychotic Darth Vader. One day, while going over his list of things he can to do to finish what good old granddad had started, Kylo suddenly had a thought, a most problematic thought. “What would he do if he had control of my body?” Kylo spoke his thought aloud, probably scaring off any Stormtroopers heading by the room he was in. He pondered this, wondering how Vader could actually possess his body, even if it was only for a brief moment. Kylo rose from his Vader Shrine, about to consult something somewhere about this important question, when something very odd happened. “Heeeeeeeey…. I heard talk about controlling people…” An odd, ghosty voice whispered into the angster’s ear. Naturally, he jumped at the odd voice he was hearing. “Who are you?” He asked. Luckily for Kylo, his voice sounded cool because he was still wearing his mask. “Really? You just asked a question about Darth Vader controlling your body, which you should talk to somebody about that issue, I come in because of that question, and you wonder who I may be? Not having any clue whatsoever?” The voice sighed, despite the question actually not sounding stupid. To answer his question, the voice decided to reveal its body to Kylo. What he wasn’t prepared for was the near immediate shriek. “OH MY GOSH! I’M ACTUALLY SEEING MY GRANDDAD!” “Nice to meet you too… I guess. Look, I have an offer-“ “WILL YOU SIGN THIS MASK FOR ME?!” Kylo shoved the burnt mask of Darth Vader into the ghostly Anakin’s hands. The mask fell to the ground afterwards. “I’m a ghost. I can’t touch things! Anyways, I have an offer-okay what is it now?” “COULD YOU SIGN ANYTHING FROM MY SHRINE?!” Kylo moved away from the Vader Shrine, revealing it in all its… majestic… glory. “NO! I DON’T GIVE TWO-oh yeah, offer. I have an offer for you grandson. You seem to want to know my thought process. If you let me possess your body, you can see it in action.” “OH MY GOSH! YES!” Kylo, in a very un-darkside like manner, shrieked like a little girl. A tiny bit of logic crept through however, “What, how would force ghosts possess somebody-“ “Just shut up and let me take your body.” It was about two hours later when Kylo woke up, surrounded by Stormtroopers, and with Captain Phasma standing right in front of him. “Sir, you have developed further erratic behavior.” “Huh? Whuzza talkin’ about?” “Before you passed out, you went around punching Stormtroopers, listened to more edgy music than usual, threatened to kill the ‘younglings’, showed far too many signs of psychosis, and then tried to choke General Hux. General Hux proceeded to punch you in the groin, then you passed out.” “… Woah… that…” “Is behavior that you should regret, sir.” “THAT MUST HAVE BEEN THE BEST TIME OF MY LIFE!” Kylo pushed himself off the floor, then ran off back to the Vader Shrine room, “GRANDDAD, LET’S DO THAT AGAIN!” Captain Phasma, in that moment, contemplated everything in her life.