“Get up.” “Dad?" Ben Solo tried to move but found his whole body was aching. He could only lift a finger. "How did you get here?" “Come on, Ben.” Against the backdrop of the light, his father held out his hand to him and smiled. “I can’t!” He protested. "It hurts." “It’s all right.” The man knelt beside him, putting a gentle hand onto his chest. “Breathe.” Ben tried; he could feel his throat tighten and his nerves scream out. “Remember the first time you learned to swim?” This is ridiculous, Ben wanted to say, but his nerves were still screaming. He was forced to listen to his father count repeatedly from one to four. “Just count with me, kid.” Sighing, Ben counted. As he did so, his breathing leveled, and he coughed out blood. “Think you can get up now?” Han Solo held out his hand again, and Ben reached out toward his father. Suddenly, a lightsaber flew in his direction, burst into a flash of crackling red light And pierced his attacker. She was just as shocked as he was. He had been prepared to die by her hand and she had been prepared to overthrow him; after all, of all the Knights, she was the more levelheaded one. But they were both wrong. Kylo quickly got up and telekinetically shoved her against the wall behind her. He grew confident with each slash and parry while his opponent retreated and shrank away. Supreme Leader Snoke let out a slow chuckle as Kylo Ren, screaming, with blood flying from his head, slashed at the woman. Eyes wide and teeth clenched, Kylo watched her crumble like a doll to the floor. When she pleaded for mercy and forgiveness, he stabbed her in the heart for her insolence. He dug the lightsaber deep into her body until every single drop of life fell and her eyes were as lifeless as glass. He counted to four and the crackling crimson vanished. Kylo paced back and forth, eyeing the other Knights hungrily. “Does anyone else think I’ve grown soft?!” The remaining knights lowered their heads and muttered no. “Good.” Kylo Ren hissed, pointing at the knight’s lifeless body. “Let her be a reminder to all of you what happens when you...get...cocky." The knights fell silent. “Very well done!" Smoke exclaimed, clapping his hands together. "You had me worried, Kylo. "Now we begin the next phase of your training!” Notes: Partly inspired by Oren Ishii's speech in Kill Bill Vol. 1 and the part where Alfred asks Bruce in Batman Begins why we fall. There's also a possible book spoiler where Snoke tells Kylo that it is sentiment that defeated Darth Vader in the end and caused him not to kill Luke. I personally think it doesn't make sense, especially not if Kylo knows who Darth Vader is. But I liked that idea.