There is Light in Him Yet I've spent twelve months Fighting this illusion of me Stuck in the shadows Of the person I'm supposed to be And lines got blurred Somewhere in between My fathers son And their twisted fantasy Kylo nearly growled in anger as Hux's troopers trailed after him as they searched for his father. No, not his father, Han Solo. Thoughts such as father and mother were not a luxury Kylo could give himself when the light frayed the edges of his mind, pushing pushing pushing, trying to make his stray in his cause. Snoke would one day doubt his and search in his mind to see where Kylo's loyalties lie and, if the force user was honest with himself, it would take the Supreme Leader all of five minutes to discover what he needed then another thirty seconds to strike Kylo Ren dead where he stood. He hoped killing his father would stop this internal struggle, would finally cast out the light once and for all so Kylo could actually feel sane again. Deep down, though, in his heart of hearts he knew this was not true. That the light would never be cast out, that he would always be a slave to the war of good and evil fighting inside him. Well, that is, until his treasonous thoughts are discovered and he is killed. He wonders how Snoke will handle his death, will the Supreme Leader force strangle him? Or will he see Kylo as dirt, too low for the leader of the Dark to handle, and leave him to die at someone else's hands? Kylo would bet everything he owned that General Hux would jump at the opportunity. Hux wanted him dead, Kylo was sure of that much in the least. The two were constantly at each others throats, both vying for Snoke's approval and assent. Sadly for Hux, at least, Kylo was Snoke's favorite. Had been since the Supreme Leader had began training a young Kylo after the Jedi Massacre. The death of his peers had always weighed in his mind, his guilt fuel for the light in his heart. He valiantly tried to push it away, but it consistently reared it's ugly head. And now, with an order to kill his father and add one more body to the many that haunted him, Kylo began to snap orders at the troopers. He spoke coldly, he knew, as he paced and watched the troopers look for Han Solo and the thing that always followed him around. Sighing harshly, he watched the troopers disperse as he paced across the walkway. He could fall off easily, he knew, and he wouldn't lie and say that the thought of jumping didn't enter his mind. No, though, he could not. His footsteps echoed in the room as he walked, helm in hand and cloak flowing behind him. Kylo tensed feeling something behind him, before a shout stopped him like a bullet through the heart. “BEN!” Han's scream was resounding, tremendous. Kylo stilled, going rigid as he stared at the floor in front of him. Swallowing tightly, his hand twitched towards his belt where his lightsaber lay but he fought the urge. Turning around slowly, he saw his fath-Han Solo approaching him with caution. Kylo stayed perfectly still, almost like a statue, as the smuggler came closer. “Ben,” Han spoke with hushed urgency that almost made Kylo's heart ache, "You mother asked me to bring you back to her. I want to but...I don't know if I can." You can't, Kylo thought even as his chest hurt and his mind raced. His mother wanted him back. He could still see her smile as she spun him around as a child, the love in her eyes as she tucked him into bed. H could still feel the warmth of her hugs...the betrayal of when she sent him away. His father apparently wanted him back too, and that hurt just as much. He didn't have their hatred to fall back on, to propel him into the dark. He only had love and acceptance waiting for him should he choose it. Swallowing, he looked down at his hands. He had vowed to complete his grandfather's work, he had vowed... He couldn't stop the rush of light, the way the darkness reared back and tried to fight it. His head exploded in pain, and Kylo could only just keep himself from flinching. He couldn't keep going on like this, he refused to live in this struggle another moment longer. He looked up at Han Solo, he looked up at his father. "I know what I have to do..." Kylo felt himself smile sadly, "I just don't know if I'm strong enough to do it. Will you help me?" "Anything." His fathers brows drew down in concern and confusion, seeing the way his son nearly sagged in relief. Retrieving his lightsaber from his belt he held it out to his father until they both gripped it. Kylo knew he had no future, there was no going back to the light but he could never succeed in the dark. Snoke would eventually find out the way the light still plagued his thoughts and he would be killed at the hands of the Supreme Leader. He allowed his eyes to trail upwards momentarily, to see the girl and the traitor standing on the balcony looking down at father and son. Kylo closed his eyes and made his choice, he would rather it end this way than any other. He just hope that his father would give him this little mercy. "I want you to kill me." Ben requested Han sucked in a breath, looking at his son with wide eyes as he looked at the desperation that appeared on Ben's face. "I can't...your mother..." Han sucked in air raggedly, fighting the need to help his son and end his misery, "I refuse to hurt you any more than I already have." "No...no..." The force user shook, dropping his helm and clenching the lightsaber tighter, "You said anything. You said anything!" "I said anything to help you, Ben!" Han whispered, "I never said I'd do anything like what you just asked me to do." Ben trembled, looking away. His father didn't understand. He didn't understand the way it hurt, even now, ask the dark and the light waged war in his body and fought for control. Kylo and Ben, one person with two different sides. He didn't understand that after this incident, whether he lived or not, Snoke would have him put to death for allowing the light to once more plague his thoughts. "Please..." Ben could feel his lip tremble as the headache increased, the light growing stronger and the dark fighting viciously, "End it. End it!" Han blinked in shock as he watched this hardened Sith lord he barely recognized as his son became a frightened child, with wide brown eyes and messy black hair Han always remembered Leia complaining about because it was so difficult to brush through. Taking the lightsaber from his son, he saw Ben's eyes light up with hope. Han sighed, gripping the device in his hand. It had taken so many innocent lives, there was no need to add his son's name to the long list. With one harsh throw, Han through it over the side of the abyss and watched his son's face fill with grief and betrayal. Ben sneered, taking a step back, "I should've known. I should've known you'd lie again. Let me down again. All you do is disappoint!" "Ben!" Han stepped forward and his son took a step back. Han shot out and gripped his arm, keeping Ben near him, "I'm sorry." Looking at his father, Ben-Kylo-whoever the fuck he was at this point felt his chest become heavy. He was suffocating, drowning in the struggle. It might occur to him later, after everything is said and done, that he didn't once consider using the force on his father. Not even in a fleeting thought. "I know you're upset." Han spoke lowly, looking down, "Your mother and I...we thought it was best to send you to Luke. We thought he could help you with your powers and you had become so obsessed with your grandfather and we didn't know what to do. I know to you we were abandoning you but we didn't want to loose you. It's funny how all of our attempts just drove you away more." "You told me..." Ben's voice was hoarse, "You told me when I left for Uncle Luke's that I could come home whenever I wanted." Han nodded, "Yes." "Does...Does that still apply now?" The Sith dared a look at his father, and seeing the smile on Han's face made Ben's heart lift. "Of course...of course it does." Hand pulled Ben into a tight hug, "We have to leave now though. Chewie and I have got bombs rigged all around this place, we'll detonate them once we get in the Falcon!" Ben nodded, unsure of his decision as the headache reaching a crescendo as he clenched his eyes tightly. Han released him and began to turn when he saw his son swaying. Sighing, Han caught him and wondered just how badly his son wanted to die today because he just damn near joined his lightsaber at the bottom of that pit. Dragging him off the walkway because, hell, he was heavier than he looked Hand searched for Chewbacca, Rey, and Finn. Locating them all, Chewbacca having disposed of the troopers while Han spoke to Ky- Ben and Rey and Finn had been watching the whole thing from the balcony. Han knew the resistance would be hesitant to accept his son back, but at the moment it didn't matter. Leia and Han Solo had their son back, and the Order just lost one of their strongest players. Hopefully it would stay that way. Chapter 2 : A Mother's Love Summary: General Organa stood surrounded by guards as the hatch of the Millennium Falcon opened. One by one the passengers filed out, Finn followed by Rey. Her heart clenched as, for one unbelievable moment, she didn't think Han would return to her. Then he strolled out, Chewie following him as always. She relaxed in relief and went to greet them until footsteps caught her attention. Someone else was coming out of the hatch. "BEN!" Notes: Thank you so much for all the hits, kudos, and comments! They are my fuel to keep on writing ;) I know there's someone at the door, They called for help, of this I'm sure, But do I want to say goodbye to all the glowing eyes, I'm holding on to what I know, And what I know, I must let go, But I would rather play a song for the eyes to sing along. This room is far too dark for us to stay around, Redemption's not that far and darkness is going down. Rey and Finn stared at the unconscious body on the cot, unease thick in the air as they waited for not Ben to wake up, but Kylo Ren. Honestly they didn't really buy the whole flip flopping sides thing and even Finn, who despite having over come his conditioning he'd been taught as a trooper, couldn't see the Sith coming to the light so easily. Kylo had practically been royalty in the Order, the leader of the Knights of Ren, taught by the Supreme Leader. He was Snoke's favorite, the First Order's poster child of power. Surely it would take more than a five minute conversation with an estranged parent to change his mind? So they sat and waited as Han and Chewie piloted the Falcon back to the Resistance Base. Rey truly hoped this wasn't some farce, an elaborate plan for the Fist Order to get the base's location. In her opinion, Han trusted his unstable son a bit too freely after all that had happened. Rey sighed, setting her lightsaber on the counter and standing, stretching out her weary muscles. Finn looked up at her with questioning eyes, causing her to raise an eyebrow. "Do you...Do you think he's really changed?" The ex-trooper spoke quietly, not wanting to disturb the (ex?) Sith who lay sleeping across the small room. "I don't know Finn." Rey sighed, "I guess we've got to be open to the option. If he is being truthful there's no need to drive him into the hands of the First Order again. You know how powerful he is." Finn nodded, looking away slightly, "Did he show any signs of joining the Light when he had you captured?" Rey worried her lip a little bit before shrugging, "He was kind of unstable, honestly. Unhinged. It was scary, if I'm being honest, and I didn't know if I'd live or die. He was...he was very adamant in getting the information he wanted and he almost did. I don't know how I fought him off, I was lucky probably, and he only really lost his cool when I mentioned Darth Vader." "It's weird seeing him without the Sith get up." Finn murmured, "I always saw him with it on when I served as a trooper. It's...weird." Rey could agree with that much, at least. She'd grown used to the Sith in dark robes, a black cowl, and a Vader style helm. Seeing him now, in nothing but a short sleeved black undershirt and loose black pants, he looked out of place. He had been stripped of his Sith clothing upon boarding the Falcon in fear that the Order might have put some tracking device in the helm or cowl. You could never be too careful when it came to those bastards, and Rey couldn't say it didn't bring her pleasure to see that stupid helm get chucked off into space. Sudden rustling made both of the resistance fighters jump, Rey going for her lightsaber and Finn his blaster. A sharp breath was sucked in from the young man as he shot up from where he had previously laid. Shoulder length black hair hung partially in his face, chest heaving as he breathed harshly. Brown eyes that didn't look quite as dark as Rey remembered searched the room wildly, strong jaw clenching as the young man seemed to reach for a lightsaber that wasn't there. Eventually his eyes settled on the two sitting across the room from him and he only seemed to relax minutely. Pursing his lips, Kylo looked them up and down before speaking sharply, "Where is Han-my father ?" It was obvious to everyone in the room, including Kylo, that the term was foreign to him. This just caused him to purse his lips farther. "He's piloting the ship." Rey responded, "How are you? Did you have a nice rest?" The male force user seemed to take her attempt at kindness as mocking because all he did was frown and look away sharply. Rey cleared her throat and looked at Finn awkwardly, as though asking for help. However, before either of them could speak again, Kylo spoke tersely. "So you're the deserter?" He was looking at Finn, "The one who helped the pilot, Poe Dameron, escape?" Finn seemed to puff his chest out in pride, "Yes, I am. And, you know, technically you're the same as me now. A deserter." This caused the man to flinch back slightly, much to Rey's shock and chagrin. This was the opposite of how she wanted things to go. Sure, she may not trust the guy, but if he was around to stay they all at the very least needed to tolerate each other. So, after sending a quick look to Finn, she stood and made her way over to the drawers beside where they sat. She could feel Kylo's eyes on her back the entire time and she opened up the drawer and gathered the folded clothes that lay in them. Setting them down on the foot of the bed, she looked him in the eye and spoke, "We figured you would want a change of clothes. Might help you feel more comfortable. We'll get you better ones when we get to the base, may take some time but until then Poe might let you borrow some of his." " Might ." Finn spoke up Kylo nodded, taking the clothes, "I will change soon. I would very much like to get rid of what I currently wear." Rey snorted, "I'm sure Han wouldn't mind letting you burn 'em. He very eagerly chucked your helmet out the back hatch." A wry smile curled the Sith's lips as a slight laugh escaped. It was a foreign sound, but not unpleasant, and Rey discovered she liked him much more when he smiled. He looked friendlier when he smiled. He looked like Han when he smiled. Rey sat back down, making a careful showing of setting her lightsaber of the counter beside her and, after giving Finn a sharp look, her friend did the same with his blaster. Rey attempted what she though was a friendly smile, but all this caused was a snort from Kylo and a muffled giggle from Finn. Huffing, she rolled her eyes at the both of them. "So. I'll try that question from earlier again. How'd you sleep, Kylo?" She ignored Finn's amused look and pushed through the awkwardness of the conversation. The Sith seemed to drop his gaze to his lap before mumbling something so quiet the two resistance fighters couldn't even hear it in the silent room. "I'm sorry, what?" Finn cocked his head to the side Kylo looked up with intense brown eyes that reminded them both far to much of General Leia Organa, "Call me Ben." Rey felt a real smile flicker on her lips, "Okay, Ben." She wasn't a hundred percent sure, but she thought she saw a slight smile twitching at the edges of Ben's lips as well. Ben looked at the pile of clothing on the floor, already feeling much more comfortable in the basic grey shirt and pants combo that he had been givin. His old First Order clothes reminded him far too much of death, pain, and despair. A constant struggle, and if Ben was honest with himself it even scared him. It scared him to have any connection to that darkness because what if the roles were reversed this time? What if the darkness frayed at his mind the way the light previously did? What if, one day, it became to much and Ben defected once more? He didn't think he could stand to see Hand and Leia-his mother and father's- faces if he abandoned the light again. He didn't want to, he never wanted to, but didn't he used to think the same thing about the Light? Sighed, he shifted his bare feet on the cold floor of the Falcon. The girl hadn't provided him with shoes, it appeared, and all he had were the First Order issued black boots from his past. He weighed his options, he could wear those wretched things until he reached the base and found a different pair or he could go barefoot until he acquired other shoes at the base. Looking at the dark shoes sat on the floor, he fought the immature urge to crinkle his nose in disgust and kicked them into the pile of clothes that lay on the floor. He'd rather go barefoot. Sighing silently, standing alone in the bathroom, he considered asking his father if he could actually burn his old clothes. Letting the bathroom door slam shut behind him, he left his makeshift bedroom and entered the main halls of the Falcon. Soon he was met with Finn and Rey, informing him that they were about to reach the base at any moment. Soon he was left alone once more, alone with his thoughts which in Ben's opinion was always dangerous. What would his mother say when she saw him? Han, his father, he had said she wanted him home. Was this true? Had he only said it to be spared by Kylo? Had he only said it to bring Ben home? Ben shook his head and looked towards the hatch where Finn and Rey stood. There was only one way to find out. General Organa stood surrounded by guards as she watched the Millennium Falcon landed safe and sound on the base. She could see the pilot, Poe, who had already returned from helping blow up the First Order's Starkiller Base. He and his X-Wing fleet had returned relatively unharmed thanks to explosions set off from inside the base, which Leia assumed were curtsey of Han and Chewie. After that, though, no one knew the fate of those on the Falcon. Han, Chewie, Rey, and Finn. Did they all survive? Was someone seriously injured? She watched as the hatch opened with great anxiety, eased only slightly when Rey walked out with her head held high. Finn soon followed her but, after that, no one exited. As the two were rushed by Resistance members, more specifically Poe, Leia kept her eyes locked of the Falcon. He had to come out. He had to. She felt herself nearly sag in relief as he sauntered out, Chewie trailing behind him as always. Leia was about to go to them, congratulate them on a job well done and hug Han then maybe slap him for all the worry he put her through. However, she was stopped in her tracks when she saw another figure begin to emerge from the Falcon. Raven hair, messy and just touching his shoulders, dressed in plain grey clothes and barefoot of all things. He was there, though. He was there and alive and he had joined them willingly . That's all that mattered to her. Leia told her guards to move, and she felt herself propel past the crowd of people who all watched her with varying levels of concern and confusion. She didn't care though, all she cared about was getting to her son. Her and Han's son. Their son. Their son that Han brought home to her. "BEN!" Chapter 3 : Do You Need Some Shoes? Summary: Poe couldn't believe this man was the same one that had interrogated him, tortured him. Notes: Thank you so much for all the kudos, bookmarks, and comments guys! I'm pleading please, oh please on my knees repeatedly asking, Why it's got to be like this, is this living free, I don't want to be the one, be the one who has the sun's blood on my hands, I'll tell the moon, take this weapon forged in darkness, Some see a pen, I see a harpoon. Poe watched General Organa and Han Solo lead the young man, Kylo Ren , off with raised eyebrows. He had only seen the Sith Lord without his mask once, but Poe was pretty sure he'd never forget the experience. After all, you never really forget being tortured and having your memories forcibly shuffled through, do you? The guy seemed pretty unshakable, so it was pretty shocking to see him start crying like a baby while clinging to the General. He looked to his friends who were also watching the scene with varying degrees of pity and hesitance. "What...?" He left the question open ended, vaguely gesturing in the direction the three had gone. Rey sighed, sharing an exhausted glance with Finn, "Kylo is...well, Kylo's their son." "What?" Poe exclaimed before seeing the attention he had drawn towards the three of them and dropping his voice to a hissed whisper, "Kylo Ren is their son ? How did the son of two Resistance war heroes become a Sith Lord who is very, very influential in the First Order?" "Was." Finn cut in hesitantly, as if it felt weird to even sort of defend the man, "He's with the Light now. We think." Rey shook her head, "Listen, we know just about as much as you do. You can ask him all you like, but he was pretty tight lipped on the way home and he honestly didn't say much. He laughed once and honestly it was kind of unnerving." "I think he has..." Finn made an obtuse gesture with his hands, "I don't know. People issues or something." "People issues, huh?" Poe scoffed, the guy had a little bit more than people issues the last time he saw him. "Look, as much as I'd love to stay and chat about Kylo all day, the only thing I want to do is take a shower to wash the sweat and blood off of me. Napping also sound good right now." Finn sighed wistfully, "Yeah, I am so down for a nap." Poe shook his head and chuckled, "Not until after debriefing." Laughing at the way his friend groaned in exasperation, Poe turned towards way once more, "Can I just ask one more question? Why doesn't he have shoes on?" Rey threw he hands up in the air, "He's Kylo Ren. Does he need an explanation for anything he does at this point?" Poe didn't see the Sith until about two hours later. He'd just finished with the debriefing and was walking back to his quarters with all intent of having a nice shower and collapsing into bed. He could agree with Finn on one thing, at least. Washing all the shit off him was top priority on his list. He had just been innocently walking along when he saw none other than Kylo Ren stalking towards him, shoulders tense and expression weary as though he expected someone to recognize him as an ex-high up in the First Order. Poe mentally rolled his eyes at the thought. Not many in the resistance had the misfortune to annoy the man so much that he took off his helmet. No, that was a feat that belonged to Rey and him alone. Even Finn had never seen the man without his mask before, even with all the time he spent getting his conditioning to be a trooper since he was a child. He said he wouldn't have known what the guy looked like if he hadn't seen the incident that too place between Kylo and Han. At least he wasn't crying now, Poe decided. Ex-Sith or not, Poe hated dealing with emotions and the waterworks that were always attached to them. It wasn't that he disliked people or anything, it's just that he's really awkward with the whole situation and he genuinely did not know how he could handle the mental trauma that would surely come with Kylo Ren crying on his shoulder. As the man approached, he noticed something was different about the guy. He was still looking pretty haunted and unstable, but he didn't seem as dark or murderous. Gloomy as fuck, for sure, but Poe guessed that was just a personality trait and it didn't really come down to which side he was on. "You're Poe Dameron." Kylo looked him up and down as though assessing a threat when he came near enough, "The girl- Rey told me I should come see you about clothing?" "Of course she did." Poe sighed, "If your mom really is the General, why can't she just fetch you some clothing, huh?" Kylo clenched his jaw, looking at the pilot stiffly, "My mother is busy." "Right." Poe could see what Finn meant about people issues, "Well, Kylo Ren, I guess I should at least ask if you would like some shoes." "It's Ben." The man snapped harshly, narrowing his eyes when the Sith name left Poe's lips, before shifting his gaze down to his bare feet and looking back up hesitantly and shifting his weight from foot to foot, "But yes. I guess shoes would be appreciated." Poe could already feel a headache coming on as he led the man towards his chambers to look for an old pair of shoes. Ben was very surprised when he reached the pilots bedroom. The walls were lined with pictures, ranging from young childhood to present day. It looked as though he had school pictures hanging up from when he was in the Academy, pictures with his parents and friends and teachers and even pictures from his graduation. Various articles of clothing were strewn across the room, hanging on chairs and tables and desks. His bookshelf only had a few books on it, the rest of the space taken up by what seemed to be nothing other than knick-knacks. There was so much color, so much life in the room. It was a far cry from his dark, dingy bedroom he had in the First Order. Black sheets, bare walls, minimum furniture. Because he was the leader of the Knights of Ren he had been gifted with a desk and chair which were not given out lightly. The only other person he could think of that had one was General Hux. Weekly room checks made sure all clothing was kept neatly in closets and that no unneeded possessions (such as Poe's apparent knick-knacks) were thrown away immediately. After all, if you owned anything of sentiment, anything that reminded you of love or joy, there was a chance that the light would plague your thoughts. That's why Kylo never succeeded, after all. He thought of home, of his parents, of love far too often. He thought of being Ben too often. Poe glanced up from where he dug in his closet, holding two left shoes but their right counterpart nowhere to be seen, "See something interesting?" Coughing lightly, Ben looked away awkwardly, "We were...ah, we were never allowed to have personal items in the First Order." The pilots eyebrows raised in surprise, "Even you? I thought you were, like, a high up in the First Order?" "Even me. No one was allowed any personal possessions besides clothing, and even then it was First Order issued clothing. Anything besides that was promptly disposed of. I was allowed a desk and chair there." Ben felt his lip curl up into a bitter sneer. Blinking, Poe took in the look on the mans face and decided not to bother him further on the matter. He might not have his lightsaber, and he might claim to be on the Light side now, but Poe had no doubt Kylo- Ben would still force choke him if need be. Turning back to the closet, he rummaged around a bot more until he found the other old, brown boot and drug it out to set by it's pair. He then found a pair of pants, dark brown in color, and an old dark grey t-shirt to give Ben. Standing with clothes in hand, Poe gave them to Ben who gave the pilot what appeared to be a half smile. "Thank you, Poe Dameron." The pilot sighed, "Just call me Poe." The next time Poe saw Ben, it was in the morning after the bedroom incident and the ex-Sith was indeed wearing his clothes. It was only then that Poe realized Rey had severely overestimated Ben's clothing size as while the pants fit well enough that they looked decent and didn't fall off with the help of a belt, the t-shirt practically hung off of him much unlike the high colored grey shirt he'd been wearing when he came off the Falcon. It drooped in the front so much that you could even see his collar bones, which were very pronounced. The guy might be Poe's height, if not a little shorter, but they did not wear the same sizes clothes. But, hey, at least the shoes fit. Poe shuffled over to sit by Rey and Finn, passing Ben on the way and unconsciously noticing the way the man barely gave him a backwards glance. Rey munched on some weird breakfast bar thing while Finn simply nursed a cup of water in his hands. "I guess I thought he wore bigger clothes than he does, huh?" Rey spoke between bites, and no one had to ask who she was talking about. "I'd say so." Poe shrugged, "So does that mean I can take my clothes back?" The force user snorted, "Sure, if you want him to walk around naked. I don't think General Organa or Han would appreciate that though." The quieted on the subject when they noticed the before mentioned man walking towards them. For a moment, Poe thought Ben was going to steal the seat beside him. However, he didn't spare a passing glance to it as he walked by, clearly heading for the empty table near theirs. Rey frowned, her brow drawing down as she reached out to grab Ben's arm when he passed her. The man nearly dropped his glass of water, a bit sloshing out the side and falling at his feet. He hissed out a curse before turning annoyed eyes on Rey. It was almost amusing for Poe, to see the great Kylo Ren cursing over spilled water and giving his friend a dirty look for being the cause. He avoided laughing though because, for some reason, he didn't like the thought of those eyes being on him once more since last night. He had gotten a little peak inside the male force users mind, and he didn't like it. "Why don't you sit with us?" Rey smiled brightly, being unusually happy for this early in the morning as Poe had discovered in their short time together that she was not a morning person. Ben seemed to weigh his options glancing towards the empty table and the empty seat beside Poe before he made his decision. He sat down beside the pilot, looking at the three of them with an expression that carried a mixture of confusion and suspicion. It seemed that, as Ben had previously been a Sith Lord, that he would be able to control his facial expressions more. Then again, he had probably gotten use to hiding behind a mask. The pilot thought, from then on out, the conversation at the table would be awkward but it wasn't. No, Rey drew the newest member of their group in quickly and Poe found he liked Ben much more when he smiled, no matter how rare they were. It made his eyes crinkle at the corners, and though the laughs were even fewer they were by far Poe's favorite sound that had thus far come out of the man. He couldn't help but wonder what other unknown sounds the man could make... In a completely non-sexual setting, though, of course. Chapter 4 : It Was Only My Blood Spilled For My Failure Summary: Leia knew it would still be a long, hard road for him to fight off the darkness. She knew it would take her and Han, even, a long time to forgive their son. They loved him of course, with every breath in their bodies, but they could not forget his actions whether or not they were greatly influenced by the First Order. She could only hope that having a few good friends would help him recover and make him less likely to stray once more. Notes: I found Ben's theme song. It is 'I'll Be Good' by Jaymes Young and it literally describes Ben so fucking well I swear. It's on my writing playlist for this story tbh. Quick timeline for events discussed (BOE = Battle of Endor): 0-1 years after BOE - Ben Solo is born 12 years after BOE - Ben is discovered to be Force Sensitive (Ben is 10-11) 14 years after BOE - Ben has trouble with his powers (Ben is 12-13) 15 years after BOE - Ben is sent to train with Luke (Ben is 13-14) 17 years after BOE - The Jedi Massacre (Ben is 15-16) 20 years after BOE - Present Day (Ben is 19-20) WARNING: I changed a lot of stuff regarding Ben's past. So be prepared for that. My past has tasted bitter for years now, So I wield an iron fist Grace is just weakness Or so I've been told. I've been cold, I've been merciless But the blood on my hands scares me to death Maybe I'm waking up today Leia didn't really know what to expect that morning. Yesterday had been emotional and heartbreaking, and she genuinely worried for Ben. She thought when he had abandoned them to join the First Order she had felt the greatest pain possible. But, no, seeing her only child trying to piece his life back together and attempting to make things right after so many mistakes...it hurt her to see him struggle. She had held him in her arms for what felt like hours, while Han had hugged the both of them. All three cried, though Ben was by far the worst. He seemed to cling to his mother, begging to be forgiven, though she had already given it to him. Snoke had manipulated her son, turned him against them, even Luke had said that before he left for his self-induced exile. He was not completely to blame, he was not evil, he had been taken advantage of and she knew it hurt him. She could still see the war behind his eyes, sense it in the Force the way he struggled before and even now to some extent. She just hoped she could keep him with her, with Han, with the Light. Honestly, she figured he would lock himself inside his bedroom and not come out until either she or Han requested or made him. So she walked in to the lounge room, nodding to people as they saluted her, going to pick up breakfast and then run to check on those in the infirmary. Not many had been injured, much to her relief, but some still had and she felt obligated to check on their progress as General. She led these people, they all mattered to her, and she cared greatly for them. Nevertheless, on her way, she was stopped dead in her tracks when she saw Rey, Finn, and Poe at a table with Ben. Her son had a slight smile on his face, laughing quietly at something Rey had said, not even spotting his mother amongst the crowd. Smiling, Leia almost wanted to cry because of how much he had changed since yesterday. Already people were helping him get back on his feet, making him feel joy and love and happiness. Leia knew it would still be a long, hard road for him to fight off the darkness. She knew it would take her and Han, even, a long time to forgive their son. They loved him of course, with every breath in their bodies, but they could not forget his actions whether or not they were greatly influenced by the First Order. She could only hope that having a few good friends would help him recover and make him less likely to stray once more. The next few days were boring as hell, Poe had already decided. They had one piece to Luke Skywalker's map, but R2-D2 was still in hibernation and they had no way of waking him up. So they were stuck in a stalemate, the First Order temporarily tranquilized by the destruction of Starkiller Base. Not to mention they could only guess how hard the disappearance of Kylo Ren, one of their most powerful players, hit them. Poe would guess very hard, but then again one Sith Lord could always be replaced by another. Maybe not as powerful, but still a pain in the ass. Finn basically spent most of his time sleeping or training, so that was one less person Poe could hang around. He saw Rey sometimes in a passing glance, but General Organa had begun teaching Rey what little she knew about the Force. It was certainly not as much as her brother or son knew, but Poe could guess anyone would be a bit hesitant to ask Ben anything connected to his past as Kylo Ren currently. However, it was a necessity that Rey learn, so after General Organa had taught her everything she knew it was up to Rey to go at it by herself until they either found Luke or until Ben became stable enough to help her out a bit. Eventually Poe became quite desperate. Training could only take up so much of his time until he burnt out, and some other Resistance members had eventually gone to General Organa to get him to slow down. So now he had no one to talk to and nothing to do. Of course, what was he to do except go to the only other person who was in the same predicament? After asking Rey a fleeting question and getting his room number, Poe headed off and eventually came face to face with a door. Kylo Ren's door. Well, Ben Solo's door but he used to be Kylo Ren and that was enough to scare most sane people away if they were privy to that information. Well, Poe never claimed to be completely sane. "What do you want?" Poe jumped as the door swung open, revealing one confused Ben Solo. The force user stood there with messy hair, wearing long grey pajama pants and a white t-shirt. Apparently, General Organa thought it was time her son stopped dressing like a hobo and Poe was half tempted to ask for his clothing back. Then he remembered the way Ben's collarbone peeked out of the light grey shirt and that thought stopped in it tracks. Ben's eyes were puffy, a little bit red, but not watery. Like he had gotten a good cry out sometime earlier but recovered by the time Poe showed up. "How'd you know I was here?" Poe raised an eyebrow, "I didn't knock yet. Oh, wait. Stupid question. Lemme guess, the Force?" Ben nodded shortly, "Yes. I knew there was someone outside my door. Now, what do you want?" The pilot ignored the question once more, "If you're not a Sith anymore then why are you still using that training?" Bristling, Ben narrowed his eyes harshly and tensed like a bow string pulled back, "I spent roughly four years of my life being taught by Snoke. You think it's that easy to make all that disappear into thin air? Besides, just because I'm not a Sith anymore doesn't mean I have an excuse to be lazy! Sensing people with the Force is something novice Sith and Jedi alike are taught!" Immediately, Poe realized he said the wrong thing. He knew backpedaling would only dig him in a deeper hole, so he steadily forced his way through the force users coldness, "Well, I'm not a force sensitive so I wouldn't know! Anyways, I was wondering if you'd like to hang out? Rey is busy and Finn is mostly sleeping and I've maxed my training hours." Honestly, Ben couldn't believe the nerve of the pilot. Going around labeling things in the Force light and dark, throwing the terms Sith and Jedi around as though the terms meant nothing. Though, to Poe, maybe they didn't. Ben, however, had negative connotations for both the words. Jedi reminded him of his bloody deeds, and the term Sith...it was simply synonymous with pain. "Well? Are you going to let me in?" Poe's voice snapped him out of his darker thoughts, and Ben realized he was openly glaring a hole in the pilots head. He blamed his mother for his expressive nature, dammit, it wasn't his fault! Clenching his jaw, Ben reluctantly moved from the doorway. He had to make an effort to not kill his mother's pilots, after all, and maybe even make nice with a few of them. Poe's face lit up in what appeared to be a happy grin as he sauntered into the room. Plain walls painted blue, grey bed sheets, a near empty bookcase, and an empty desk with a chair. Ben's priorities clearly did not lay with decorating his new room at the base. Poe plopped himself down in the swivel chair by the desk, looking at Ben as he sat stiffly on his bed. They were quiet for a few moments before Poe's curiosity won out. "Why'd you changed your name?" The pilots asked, and Ben didn't have to ask what he was referring to. "Because I was sixteen and thought no one would ever fear a Ben. Besides, Snoke forced me to choose a new name regardless of my opinion on the matter as my old name held too much sentimental nature." "Oh." Poe blinked in shock, Ben had only been sixteen when he joined the Order? It was a little scary that a kid that young had been forced to see the dark reality of life at such a young age and the pilot did not even want to think of the effect it had on the other man's mental state. "Why'd you go Dark?" Ben clenched his jaw, sighing through his teeth. These were questions he didn't want to face, never wanted to face, because they terrified him. He remembered the loneliness when he was with his uncle. He remembered the way Snoke called to him, tempting him. He remembered the way the Knights had killed all the other padawans. The way Ben himself had been tasked to kill Luke Skywalker himself. The way Ben couldn't do it, no matter how much resentment he held for the man. He had the chance, as Luke refused to even wound Ben, but the Jedi-turned-Sith had ran away, shaken as a child who witnessed life for the first time. He remembered the beating he took from the Supreme Leader afterwards. And all the beatings after that. "-en! Ben! You there, buddy?" Looking up, Ben realized with a start the way his eyes had misted over thinking about the incident. He hated it, he hated this pilot. "Hey, look." Poe awkwardly coughed, "I'm, uh, sorry if you don't wanna talk about it-" "It's fine." Ben spoke stoically, careful to net let emotion creep onto his face or the other man would know how much speaking of it unnerved him, "I must cut this visit short, though. I'm afraid I must speak with my mother." And soon Poe was in the hallway again, wanting to bash himself in the head. Of course he'd fucked it up. Of course. Now he could only hope and pray he didn't get force strangled in his sleep. Chapter 5 : With Past Emotion and Bitter Hearts Summary: Leia smiled sadly, taking her son's hand, "It might help to have someone other than your father and I to talk to, you know." "Are you certain?" "Yes." I'll be good, I'll be good And I'll love the world, like I should For all of the light that I shut out For all of the innocent things that I've doubt For all of the bruises that I've caused and the tears For all of the things that I've done all these years Yeah, for all of the sparks that I've stomped out For all of the perfect things that I doubt He found himself outside his mothers room an hour later, still angry at the pilot and still shivering in his boots at the memories. Well, Poe's boots. Damn that fucking pilot. He pushed the door open gently, seeing her sat there with her hands massaging her temples as though she had a headache. He was about to retreat when she waved a hand, motioning for him to sit down in one of the chairs around her desk. He did so, causing her to look up and smile happily, as though what had previously ailed her no longer did. Ben's heart lifted a little, glad that he was able to make his mother happy after doing wrong by her for so long. "It's still hard to believe you're here." Leia spoke, smile still stretching her lips, "I feel like I'll wake up one morning and it will have been a dream." Ben looked to his feet, "No, I'm afraid not." His mother drew her brows together, much like Ben did when upset, "Is something wrong?" "The pilot. He's asking things that I...don't want to speak of." The princess-turned-general stood, going over to where her son sat and kneeled beside him. Taking his hand, she smiled sadly, "It might due to have someone to talk about these things with. Besides your father and I, of course, but we can't always be with you. We're busy running things around here, and you should have someone your age to speak to. Just one person, that's all that's needed. One good, trustworthy person." "I-I...I haven't even told you and dad everything yet..." Ben hesitated before shaking his head, "How can I tell a complete stranger these things when I can't tell my own parents?" The woman frowned at her son for keeping things from her, but spoke understandingly, "Because we're your parents, Ben. It's harder to talk to the ones who raised you about your wrongdoings than it is to talk to a friend." "You suggest I make the pilot a friend?" "If that is who you wish to be the one you talk to. It could be Rey, as well, or Finn. Or another if you wish. I don't know what you need in a friend, exactly, but I know there are plenty of people out in this base that could be one." Her son shrugged noncommittally, "I suppose. Thank you...mom." Leia gave his shoulder a squeeze before standing and returning to her desk. Ben left the room, heart and head heavy but refusing the fact that he would need to tell anyone anything. These things were for his parents to know and, until he found the courage to tell them, he would deal with them by himself. His mother and father had not pushed for information though they were hurt and confused, and Ben was eternally grateful. Time would heal all wounds, time and light , and then Ben may be able to tell Han and Leia and get all of it off his chest. Over the next few weeks Ben found that, no, he could not deal with past memories. The nightmares that came from them, the way he was getting almost no sleep for fear that when he closed his eyes he would feel the pain. The pain of death, the pain of blood. The pain of failure. After a passing comment from Rey about how he looked sick and should really go to the infirmary because she was worried, Ben decided to speak with someone. Walking down the hallways, Ben felt like throwing a tantrum as he tried to retrace the steps from so many days ago when he went to the pilots room the retrieve some (oversized) clothes. After stopping many resistance members and questioning them, he eventually made his way to Poe Dameron's door, though he got a couple funny looks. Why the hell was Han Solo and General Leia Organa's son looking for the best pilot in the Resistance? They had no idea about him being Kylo Ren in his recent past, of course, as only the highest up officials had access to that information and were practically sworn to secrecy with the threat of Han and Leia coming to kill them in their sleep. Honestly, Ben didn't think they'd go that far but, then again, he also didn't think his parents would accept him after all he'd done as Kylo. A parents love is a strange, mysterious thing that Ben couldn't even begin to comprehend. Despite the looks, however, he ended up in front of the pilot's door. Ben knew he was inside, he could feel Poe through the force, well that and the fact that Poe was apparently cleaning as Ben could hear several loud curses about how 'organization was total bullshit'. Hesitating, the former Sith lord raised his first and knocked as firm as he could. There was silence and, for a split second, Ben feared Poe wouldn't open the door. Maybe Poe knew it was Ben and he was angry with the younger man for throwing him out earlier? It didn't seem to be in Poe's nature to be angry for too long, but Ben wasn't sure if he was the special exception to that rule or not. The white painted door swung open soon to reveal the pilot with a large smile and bright eyes. Then he saw Ben and the smile dropped and he looked confused and Ben wouldn't be lying when he said his heart dropped like a stone when he saw the mans face change at the sight of him. It hurt a bit, knowing he could ruin someones day that quickly by just standing before them. Swallowing thickly, Ben attempted a smile though he was certain it simply looked like a grimace, "Hello." "Hi?" It sounded like a question, Poe's eyebrows raising, "What brings you here?" Ben wanted to run, flee and get the hell out of there before he spilled everything. But...wasn't that the plan when he came here in the first place? So he sucked it up and began speaking before he managed to talk himself out of it a flee to hide behind his mothers skirts once more. "I just, well, you had said you maxed out your training hours and the others were busy and I was wondering if you would like to talk-?" "Talk?" Poe brightened, "You mean you want to hang out?" Blinking, Ben nodded in weary fashion, "Well, yes, I suppose." The pilots smile was near dazzling in his happiness and relief to not have to clean anymore, and Ben was lead into the bedroom. Poe was a bit shocked, sure, but the force user saved him from having to clean so he was certainly happy. At least this time he couldn't be kicked out as it was his room. He gazed at Ben, who sat stiffly in thee chair by Poe's desk and the pilot decided something then and there. If there was every a living being that could kick Poe out of his own room, it would be this one. Practically flopping down on his bed, Poe surveyed the former Sith with a critical eye and noticed the was he was nearly sweating, the way he fidgeted, the way he seemed like he'd rather be any other place. Poe's heart sunk only a little when he realized he made the other man so uncomfortable. "So!" Poe forced a smile, wincing as Ben jumped five feet in the air from the sudden noise, "What's on your mind?" How could someone who used to be a Sith Lord be this damn jumpy? The black haired man looked at his palms, his pale face flushing a pleasant pink color, "My mother said I should speak with someone about...things that have happened." Sitting back and more than a little shocked, Poe reluctantly lead the conversation when it was clear Ben refused to, "Things that have happened?" "About Kylo Ren and...what he did..." The voice was quiet in the silent bedroom, hushed in a way that made Ben sound so delicate and scared. Poe did notice how he spoke of his recent past as Kylo Ren. As though the Sith were a separate person, as though Ben Solo was spared the consequences of Kylo's actions. It annoyed the pilot more than a little. This guy had killed Lor Sann Tekka and a lot of other people even indirectly, he'd tortured not only Rey but also Poe himself, he had thought of killing his mother and father for at least a good period of his life. He was dark. He was evil. You couldn't just forget about that because of a name switch. "You talk like they're different people." The words fell from his mouth before he could stem the flow, and Poe watched Ben's face crumple with only mild guilt. "They are ." The man's voice was small, strained, and it reminded Poe that Ben was barely twenty. Not even legal to drink on most planets, he shouldn't have been able to cause all that pain and destruction. But he did. "No. They aren't." Poe felt his blood boil, his usually kind disposition falling away, "You still killed thousands of people directly or no. You've still tortured people, me included. You've still ruined lives. You're still Kylo Ren, even if you go by Ben Solo." "I'm not ." Ben shot to his feet, "I-I'm not that person anymore! I've changed, I refused Snoke's control-!" "Your were though. You've spilled so much blood, I'm honestly surprised you haven't drowned in it. You left your family for what? Being a Sith ?" Rey would've punched him in the face, Poe already knew that much. As soon as the words left, as soon as he saw the impact on Ben's face, he knew he was a horrible person. The guy was in a fragile mental state and came here to talk about his Dark side withdrawal issues and Poe just basically punched him in the face. No, actually, punching him in the face would've probably been nicer. Poe was angry though. He still remembered how Kylo Ren had sorted through his memories, how he had taken Rey, how he had killed Sann Tekka back on Jakku without a second glance. The pilot knew the younger man had been influenced, that it was really all Snoke's fault and Ben's young and impressionable mind that caused it all but...Poe had no one else to take it out on. When he saw Ben's face crumple, and wetness appear in his eyes, he knew he'd gone too far. Sighing, Poe began to walk towards where the other man stood trembling. However, Ben turned before Poe reached him, using the sleeve of his new jacket to wipe furiously at his face. "I-I don't know why I came expecting sympathy." The former Sith whispered as he stood with his back towards Poe, "I should've...I should've known you hold none for me ." Chapter 6 : Before It Was Too Late Summary: Ben looked at the two people standing at the end of his bed, shimmering in a supernatural light that that led him to believe the weren't normal humans. No, they much be the ghosts of people he had killed back for revenge or righteous angels come down to kill him for his sins. Something like that, he knew, because he was Ben fucking Solo and it's only what he deserved . Notes: ***PLEASE MIND THE NEW TAGS, OKAY? BEN'S MEMORIES OF THE FIRST ORDER ARE NOT PRETTY.*** PS: Padmé totally ships Poe and Ben. You'll see. And then when just enough light Comes from just the right side And you find you're not who you're supposed to be? Ben laid in bed that night, wishing he could just be numb again. That he could just block everything out, like he did when he had just joined the First Order. With the beatings and the killing people and the failure he hadn't been able to process everything. So, just like that, he shut down. Those were the worst times, the times when Snoke didn't trust him and any slip up led to more pain than Ben could even imagine today. He'd rather have his ass handed to him and his heart smashed by Poe Dameron a thousand times than go through the early stages of him turning to the Dark Side again. To put it lightly, it was Hell. Ben, or Kylo Ren as he soon came to be known, didn't have any status in the First Order when he joined. He only had power which he couldn't control and a temper and sense of justice that only got him in trouble. No, they didn't do anything wrong, they shouldn't be killed Supreme Leader . Next thing he knew, he was force pushed into a wall hard enough to make him feel pain but not knock him out. I don't think we should attack this village or that planet, Supreme Leader, they haven't yet sided with the First Order or the Resistance . Oh, look at that, time for a game called who can make more bruises on Kylo Ren. Whoever makes him bleed first gets an extra hour off tomorrow! It was maybe a year of this hell, a year of getting assaulted and beaten, when Ben decided this wasn't for him. At first he thought he could be his grandfather, he thought he wouldn't have a problem being on the Dark Side of the Force. How wrong he had been. He could still remember the first time he had killed someone, before his mind completely shut down that is, and Ben recalled the way he had never vomited harder in his life. Soon, though, he started gaining rank. He was the leader of the Knights of Ren, he was beginning to get respect from others. He had already learned to keep his compassion on lock down if he didn't want to be bed ridden for a week on end. Supreme Leader Snoke valued his opinion almost as much as General Hux's. Things were looking up, but Ben couldn't remember being happy about it. He had shut everything thing down by that time and he probably would have continued to keep everything shut down had it not been for Poe Dameron. He had looked into the man's memories and he had seen things. Rolling green fields, playing friends, the thrill of flying, sweet and tangy Corellian rum, and General Leia Organa . Poe worked closely with her, apparently, and Ben saw his mothers face and it felt like he'd been shot through the heart. The numbness that formerly could only be broken by physical pain was shredded at Ben's feet and all of a sudden his heart ached. That wasn't what he had planned, it couldn't be happening, he had beaten the light for so long. Poe Dameron, Poe fucking Dameron, had messed it all up with his damned happy memories and showing Kylo the person he regretted betraying most. His mother, and his father now that Ben thinks back on it, had always been unconditional sources of love. They never intentionally hurt him, and his mother was the sweetest person he knew. She kissed his cuts and bruises as a child, held him when he cried, smiled for him when he was happy, was upset when he was sad. She loved him to the end of the earth and back. Seeing her shredded all his defenses, all his walls. Along with the guilt and light creeping in simultaneously, Kylo was now more aware than ever of what he was doing...and what he had already done. Bloody memories plagued his nightmares and Kylo knew this was not what he had planned. He didn't want pain, he wanted happiness. He didn't want darkness, he wanted light. That's when Kylo Ren truly began to fall and when Ben Solo began to rise once more. All it took was one push from his father and here he was. To think it all started because of Poe Dameron. Who, coincidentally, hated Ben's guts. So he laid there in bed, wallowing in self pity and wondering if he'd ever truly belong to the light or the dark. He couldn't go to sleep because he feared the nightmares, feared what he had done. He could go to the infirmary like Rey had been pestering him to, but his mother would want a full health scan them. She wouldn't settle for letting him just get sleeping pills, she would want to go the full nine yards as the last time Ben had a health scan with her he'd been thirteen. He couldn't allow that, though, because then they'd see the vicious scars that still mapped his body and some bruises he still had from making Snoke too angry during the hunt for the droid. Damn, compassion was something he thought he had gotten rid of over the years but when that unfeeling wall cracked it all came flooding back in. Needless to say he suffered greatly for it. His mother and father would ask questions, questions Ben couldn't answer because thinking about certain instances made the former Sith shudder. Instances like how he got the two long, matching scars that ran down his back. Instances like how he got the cuts up and down his thighs. Instances that made Ben want to cry even in the safety of a Resistance base, tucked in his bed where no First Order personnel could reach him. So he laid there, shaking even under three thick blankets, and just wanted to sleep. Dreaming bloody nightmares would be better than remembering those times. So he laid, trying to stop the tremors that shook his body as his vision began to blur and he began to fall into the abyss of sleep. In his hazy state, he barely noticed the two people standing at the end of his bed. Well, until he did and he shot up, suddenly wide awake and frozen in place. Ben looked at the two people standing at the end of his bed, shimmering in a supernatural light that that led him to believe the weren't normal humans. No, they much be the ghosts of people he had killed back for revenge or righteous angels come down to kill him for his sins. Something like that, he knew, because he was Ben fucking Solo and it's only what he deserved . The woman stood with warm brown eyes as she gazed at him, brown curls falling over her pale shoulders. She stood in a yellow dress that faded into purple then blue at the bottom, her hands folded across her chest. The man at her side was simply her exact opposite. He was very tall, almost unusually so, and blonde hair nearly brushed his shoulders. He had a scar running down the side of one of his eyes, which were a very shocking blue color. He wore black and red Jedi armor with the usual brown hooded cape like thing they all seemed to wear. His Uncle Luke had one, he remembered, and for that matter this man looked startlingly like his Uncle. Ben tried to stop from shuddering as both eyes pinned him down in place, their presence familiar in a way he found almost unpleasant, and he eventually gathered up his tattered and mangled pride and confidence before speaking, "Who...who are you? Why are you here?" The woman smiled at him, moving closer with the man following quickly behind her, "Oh, Ben. I'm Padmé Amidala, I'm your-" "My grandmother!" Identical brown eyes met, and Ben knew it was true. The woman in front of him looked so much like his mother it was astonishing. He then turned his attention to the man who was currently wrapping an arm around his grandmother, "So, I'm guessing you're...?" He smiled, and it completely changed the seriousness of his face, "You grandfather. Anakin Skywalker." "Why...?" Ben blinked at the two, astonished as he tried to process the information, "I-I asked for your help and guidance so many times before and now you...?" Padmé frowned, kneeling to take Ben's hand as Anakin followed her lead, "We couldn't, Ani couldn't, help you at that time. You were lost, so lost, and it pained us to see both you and our children in so much turmoil." "You made it out though." Ben could detect a hint of pride in his grandfathers voice, "You got away from the Dark. That's...that's something I couldn't do without a little help." "I did have help though." He dropped his gaze from his grandparents, "I had my dad. He's the one that talked me out, after all. And Poe...I guess." "Ahh, yes." Padmé's gaze turned mischievous which earned her an exasperated look from her husband, "The pilot." "You say I'm the immature one." Anakin muttered, rolling his eyes petulantly. "You are." Padmé spoke blandly, giving him a look but taking ahold of his hand before turning to Ben, "Anyways, we're proud of you. Not necessarily proud of all the things you've done, but we're proud of you . Because you realized it was wrong, help or no." Ben realized she wasn't just talking to him, but also her husband who shot her a warm and thankful smile. It was funny, to think this guy in front of him was Darth Vader. There was no way, it simply was not possible. Then he realized, Anakin wasn't Vader in the same way Ben wasn't Kylo. By the wink his grandfather shot him, Ben assumed he heard every word thought and agreed. "Anyways, we wanted to drop by." Padmé's smile was back full force as she dropped Anakin's hand to grab both of Ben's cheeks, "I've never really seen my grandson up close! You're handsome, just like your father though you mostly have your mothers coloring." "Yes, yes." Anakin rolled his eyes almost affectionately, "We made it. We have descendants." "It's sad I won't have great grandkids." His grandmother frowned slightly before smiling, "You can always adopt though!" At Ben's bewildered look, Anakin spared him the details of this vein of conversation and quickly took control of the topic, " Moving on . We wanted to say we're so proud of you, and we know you have a great destiny before you. Not an easy one, but certainly a great one." "Yes!" Padmé kissed him on the cheek and hugged Ben before snagging her husband by the arm and drawing him in as well. It was a very odd sensation, being hugged by ghosts. It wasn't cold as one would expect, it was more like being hugged by air. "Well, it's high time we leave." Padmé released the two men and patted Ben on the cheek, "Shmi, your great grandmother, said to say hello for her. Said she's proud of you and you remind her of Anakin. I'm honestly sure she meant that as a compliment, so please do not take offense." His grandfather playfully shoved his wife, who not so playfully shoved back although it didn't even affect her husband, "We have to be going now. I'm powering both of our images, since Padmé isn't exactly force sensitive, and I don't feel like being drained tomorrow." Padmé nodded, "The first time you did this you could hardly move the next day. Obi-Wan even warned you! But did you listen? No." "Do I ever listen?" "True." His grandmother sighed, shaking her head, before she gave Ben one last hug, "We love you and remember! Even if you can't see us we're always with you!" She began to fade out, though Anakin stayed a bit long, leaning down once more with a sly smile on his face, "Want to help your mom out some? Tell C-3PO to show you R2-D2. When you find him, hit him a couple times and tell him Ani sent you." Ben blinked, staring at his grandfather in bewilderment as he filed the information away for the morning. Hopefully he'd remember. "I'll see you, kid." With that, his grandfather was gone and Ben fell into a (for once) restful sleep. Chapter 7 : Horrible Memories and Fresh Scars Summary: Ben woke up with fuzzy memories, not recalling what all had happened but knowing he had a extraordinarily strange dream. It was an improvement to the usual ones, though, and he wasn't complaining. Notes: *** MIND THE TAGS THEY ARE RELEVANT FOR THIS CHAPTER *** (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There's a war inside my head Sometimes I wish that I was dead, I'm broken So I call this therapist And she said, "Boy, you can't be fixed, just take this." Ben woke with a fogginess in his head and a sense that he had had a really fucking weird dream. Better than his usual ones, of course, so he wasn't complaining. In fact, he was pretty sure that's the best nights sleep he's gotten in the past week. Maybe it would be enough to lighten the dark circles a bit, but he knew one night couldn't make up for how long he's been getting little to no sleep. It started even before he defected from the Order, the nightmares had started soon after his encounter with Poe during interrogation. After that light had stirred up his brain and turned his world upside down once more. Despite wanting to just stay curled under the warm salvation of his blankets, he knew if he didn't go to breakfast Rey would most certainly notice and immediately run to his mother out of worry. He couldn't blame them, honestly, he knew he constantly looked like a mess. So he forced himself to wake up and get dressed, limbs still heavy with fatigue as always as he trudged out of his room. He knew what going to the lounge for breakfast meant. It meant Rey would make his set with her, Finn, and Poe and she would certainly not let him set by himself like he wished he could that morning. Nevertheless, he ended up walking into the room filled with Resistance members with that confidence he was oh so good at faking. He kept his shoulders back and head high, determined in showing that damned pilot that his words meant nothing. That Ben had accepted his past actions and had gotten over them and that Poe's words had simply run off Ben's back like water. If only that were true, but hey, a guy could wish. "Ben! Ben! Over here!" He honestly didn't know why Rey insisted on jumping out of her seat every single morning to wave him over to their usual table and greet him. He knew where it was by now, after all he'd been sitting with them everyday. Trying his hardest not to show his complete mental and physical exhaustion, he chose a seat across from Rey and farthest away from the pilot as possible, rather than sitting by Poe as he usually did. Rey smiled at him widely, handing him the extra breakfast bar she always grabbed for him. He almost always tried to claim he wasn't hungry, but Rey went so far as to threatening to shove it down his throat. After knowing the girl for even the shortest amount of time, he had no doubt in his mind that she would actually do it so he eventually learned to keep his mouth shut and eat the food. Her eyebrows drew together when she surveyed him, "Ben? Are you feeling alright this morning? You look...sick." Freezing mid-bite, the former Sith smiled tightly at the young woman, "Yes. I'm fine, just didn't get too much sleep last night. Not a big deal, I'll just go to bed early tonight." The force sensitive woman gave him a look that made Ben believe she knew every word that fell from his mouth was a lie. However, she kept he mouth shut on the matter for the rest of breakfast though he had no doubt she'd rat him out to his mother later on in the day. The joys of your mother and best friend being close. He froze, recalculating his last thought as he looked at Rey and her sunshine smile and the way the light seemed to radiate off of her as though she were a sun and decided that, yeah, she was his best friend. It was a bit pathetic, if he was honest with himself. She was probably only that kind to him because he was a hopeless basket case that she pitied but, hey, Ben would take what he could get at this point. "Well, I'm off to practice. I have a meeting with General Organa later today, so I might not see you guys at dinner." Yeah, she was totally ratting him out to his mother. The three men said their goodbyes to her and soon they were the only ones at the table. Without Rey there is was significantly more awkward, especially with what had transpired between Ben and Poe, but that didn't stop Finn from trying to smooth things out. Ben would give the former trooper credit, he was persistent. Well, it was either that or he really couldn't read the mood. However, Ben felt Poe's eyes on him, probably wishing he was dead or some shit, and eventually he knew he had to get out. Of the lounge, of the vicinity, of the base ...well Ben didn't know, he just knew he had to leave before the hate broke him down even more. That was something he couldn't afford. "I have to go speak with my father on matters. I'll be...going now." Ben stood, pointedly avoiding Poe's eyes as he fled. "What did you do?" Finn turned to Poe as soon as the former Sith was gone. The pilot watched the man flee with varying degrees of guilt, "Something stupid." "Well, how about you fix it, huh?" The former trooper rolled his eyes, "Han or General Organa catch wind of anything and you're a dead man. I honestly thing Han would have Chewbacca tear you apart. Not to mention Rey would be a little pissed that you upset her, our , new friend or whatever." "Yeah, yeah." The pilot sighed standing, "I know, I know. Wish me luck not getting Force chocked." With that he followed the former Sith out of the room, barely catching a glance of him as he rounded the corner. Huffing, Poe knew Ben wouldn't make this easy so he picked up the pace, nearly running to keep up with the dark haired mans fast pace. The man barely glanced behind him and seemed to pick up the pace, much to Poe's frustration. If he had to chase this guy all the way back to his rooms to apologize for his (very justified, thank you very much) anger then Poe was going to be very, very upset. "Hey!" He called out, trying to keep the annoyance out of his voice, not noticing the way Ben froze and seemed to clam up, "Hey, wait up!" "No!" The call was forced out of the other man, choked and panicked as he began moving again, "Leave me alone!" Confusion swam in Poe's head, noticing the way the Force user seemed almost afraid. Ben didn't think Poe would actually hurt him, right? Sure, he got annoyed with the way he seemed to flippantly dust of his previous actions but Poe accepted that the former Kylo Ren was now Ben Solo, and that Ben Solo's loyalty was ultimately to the resistance. "Let me explain, please!" Poe called out, louder this time so Ben could hear him clearly, "Listen, I was wrong to get pissed the other day but you've gotta understand-!" Boy, the pilot sure was glad there was no one in this hallway. It must've been a funny sight to see Ben Solo, a Force user of all people, running away from the best pilot in the Resistance. Poe couldn't help the laugh that escaped him, just because of the ridiculousness of it all. He felt dizzy, but he knew he had to keep moving. He had to get out, he couldn't let them catch him. Ben trembled, feeling like he was pushing through gel to get through the hallway as his breath seemed to leave him. His chest tightened and he felt like he was going to vomit as the assault of memories, of the mocking laughter like he heard now filled his ears. It was always the same. They'd laugh, they'd use him, and then they'd leave him to pick up the pieces of himself. Except...Ben didn't think he'd have the strength this time. He didn't know where he was, who was behind him, but he had to keep going. He had to. He had to keep... Catching himself on his palms as he lurched forwards, Ben clenched his eyes tight. He froze as the footsteps neared him, trying to mentally prepare himself for something that no amount of preparation could help him with. He felt hands of his shoulders and he was drowning, trapped as he tried to break free. Too weak, he was too weak. The hands shook him and Ben thought for a second it was General Hux. The man was always unnecessarily rough, though Snoke never objected to it. "Ben, hey, come on. Buddy, listen, it's Poe. You're at the base. Do you need me to get the General-?" The face was blurry, but he lashed out on the last word. No, no that was the last thing he wanted. He needed no more bruises and scars from that man, needed no more pain from him. "Hey, hey, no. General Organa, your mom. I'm talking about your mother, do you understand?" The voice was speaking, "Do you want me to get you mother?" Ben trembled as the arms held him, surprisingly gentle, and he shook his head. He didn't...his mother...it was blurry and all he could remember were those hands all over him, touching him in places he never wanted to be touched, hearing twenty troopers laugh at him along with Hux...he couldn't think straight. Poe held Ben in his arms, both of them sat on the floor as Ben trembled violently. One minute Poe had been laughing about how fucking funny this situation was and now...now this happened. Maker, he couldn't do anything right when it came to Ben Solo, could he? One minute the guy was upright, looking exhausted but otherwise fine, and the next he was on the ground shaking. Poe didn't know what to do, so he just went over and grabbed the man and held him tight. Ben kept whimpering, pleading for someone to help him, and Poe didn't really want to know what triggered this memory. All he knew is that the word 'General' elicited a very negative response and Ben didn't even remember where he was. "We're gonna go to the infirmary, okay?" Poe tried to stand with Ben, "We'll get your mom and take you to the infirmary." The hazy eyes blinked open and Ben shook his head as well as he could, "No, no...my room I want...I want my room...please..." Poe pursed his lips. He'd get skinned alive by Ben's parents and Rey as well but also...he knew if he were in this situation he'd want his wishes respected. Sighing, Poe was now quite glad that they made it close to Ben's bedroom during the chase. Making it to the man's door, he pushed it open and sent a quick thanks to the apparently unconscious Ben for not locking his door when he left that morning. Entering the pristine room, Poe shook his head as he laid the former Sith down on the bed. Sitting in the desk chair, Poe watched the man with worried eyes, knowing he couldn't just leave after all that. It was silent for around ten minutes when the muttering began again. "Please...stop...I don't want...I don't..." Poe's blood turned ice cold, brown eyes staring at Ben with shocked horror. It sounded like, well, it sounded like something horrible had happened to him. Poe winced, his stomach clenching as he remembered how Ben was sixteen or seventeen when he joined the First Order. Surely even they...surely they wouldn't do what it sounded like happened. Poe sprung to his feet as the other man began to thrash around in the bed, gently placing a hand of Ben's shoulder and shaking him. Eyes snapped open, panicked and unfocused before they saw Poe. "Are you...are you okay?" Poe spoke lamely, knowing just how not okay Ben was but asking anyways. Ben averted his gaze, tears filling brown eyes and Poe's chest and stomach clenched at the same time, "Is this what you wanted to talk about the other day?" The responding nod was short and Ben said not one word as Poe sat down on the bed beside him. "I'm sorry about that. I didn't realize." Poe pursed his lips, "Well...I apologize." "Don't." Ben shook his head weakly, "I deserved it." Poe sighed, watching tears roll down the other mans face, "Do you want to...talk about it?" Ben shook his head and, as Poe stood to leave, pulled the pilot back down to sit by him. "Would you mind...uhm...staying? I don't really like being alone after..." "Yeah." Poe gave a weak smile, "I'll stay." Notes: Also, yes. Ben doesn't remember the encounter he had with his grandparents until a bit later so he doesn't know to go to C-3PO to ask about R2-D2. Just give him time, he'll remember soon. Maybe not in this chapter, but most like the next. Chapter 8 : A Mother's Love and a Father's Determination Summary: It had been a long day, and Poe would just hold Ben until they figured out what to do. Notes: I feel so bad for Leia and Han finding out like this I am so sorry I apologize to them and you guys for what happens I'm sorry. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) I broke something I'll never get back Brought me to my knees A head like steel and a soul of gold And a heart that's made of glass But mine's cracked Well, mine's cracked No idea where I'm going But there's no looking back 'Cause I'm cracked Poe stayed there, sitting by Ben on the bed and holding the troubled young mans hand. It took a long time for Ben to calm himself, it was late into the evening when he finally stopped shuddering and though the tears had stopped awhile ago, the mans eyes were wet. Poe didn't know what could affect the man this badly, what could cause him this much internal pain, but honestly Poe wouldn't put anything past the First Order. The bastards probably tortured Ben during his time there every chance they got because of his parentage, probably brainwashed him into believing their bullshit ideas. Seeing the man in the state he is now, mind in an unstable state and withdrawing into himself, it wasn't that hard to believe. "I apologize for the inconvenience." Ben voice barely raised above a whisper, and his face was still as white as a sheet, but Poe was relieved he was even speaking. The pilot coughed a little, clearing his throat, "Ah, no, it's fine really." "Why did you stay?" Red rimmed, light brown eyes stared at him, "You could've left." Poe shifted, "Well you asked me to and you, well-" "And I looked so pathetic so you did as I asked?" Ben spat the words out, force contorting in shame, "Yes. Wonderful." "No, no that's not it!" Poe sighed in exasperation, "You looked upset, sad, and I wouldn't have felt right leaving you alone!" Blinking in shock, the Force user turned his head away, seeming to suddenly notice the close proximity of the two. The man seemed to weigh his words for some time before looking Poe right in the eyes, "Do you hate me?" The question wasn't asked with resigned acceptance or sadness, more with genuine curiosity. It confused Poe, as the pilot grew up despising the thought of anyone disliking him as he was a very extroverted individual and loved people in general. Ben, however, seemed not to care one way or another. It made him somewhat incensed, knowing that he could simply not care about peoples opinions. Pursing his lips, Poe shook his head, "No. It just makes me angry, the way you don't seem to care what you've done as...as Kylo Ren. Like you don't care." The smile that curled the former Sith's lips was not pleasant by a long shot, but as bitter as they came, "You think it doesn't haunt me day in and day out? During my time with the First Order, I learned very quickly that if you wanted to survive you couldn't be human. You couldn't care. I realized soon that I...that it wasn't where I wanted to be. Alone, floating in space with people who would gladly kill me given the chance." "Why didn't you leave?" Poe cut in, confused. The man who interrogated him had seemed quite dedicated to the Order's ideals. "I was scared." His voice became quiet, "By the time I decided I didn't want to be there, I had already been Snoke's apprentice for six months. I feared that if I left I would not have a place with my parents or uncle, that I would be just alone as I was there if I returned home. Snoke spent most of our time training the first year making me understand the consequences of compassion and betrayal. He...he made it very clear he would not be understanding of disobedience early on. The Supreme Leader would hold public executions quite often my first few months on the base, troopers were killed for the smallest of things and I...I didn't understand. I wasn't a quick learner. I asked Snoke the be more lenient, that maybe if the rules weren't so strict and the threat of death wasn't looming over the heads of those that fought for the Order then they might be more passionate about fighting. I was just tired, tired of seeing someone die everyday at dinner. Tired of so much fear and anger that surrounded the base like a thick cloud." Poe's face was contorted with anger, "He killed his own followers just to...prove a point?" "More than a point." Ben had never seemed so tired, "He was showing me that I couldn't leave if I wanted. If I tried to steal a TIE Fighter and run he would use the tracking signal and hunt me down. If I tried to leave the First Order I would be sentenced to death at his hand, and his executions were not fast. He would-he would..." "What?" Poe released Ben's hand to grip his arm, "He'd what?" "He would use the force." Ben chocked the words out, "He would...the troopers would be stripped and he'd use the force to squeeze the life out of them. They were kept alive while he crushed them with the force. They'd-they'd bleed so much and by the end of it their bodies weren't recognizable. No one could look away, Snoke wouldn't allow it. It happened every night, every night for two or three months I don't even remember but it was horrible-!" "He made you watch that?" Poe looked at the young man with wide eyes, "You were sixteen and he made you watch that?" "Snoke did not see a young human boy. He saw a strong Force sensitive weapon to use against the Resistance. When I first met him at around fifteen he said...he had told me he wanted a more organized galaxy. He made it seem like...he made it seem like he was creating a paradise, a paradise where parents didn't have to work long hours to rebuild the shambles of a democracy. He knew my weaknesses, he knew exactly how to make me play into his hand until he had ahold of me to use as he wished." "You didn't know what you were getting into, then." It wasn't a question, because Poe knew exactly what Ben was saying. Every kid who grew up in his Generation knew what Ben had felt. The children of the Rebel Alliance fighters grew up seeing their parents scarcely, as the years after the Battle of Endor were a very critical period. The democracy they had created was still young and delicate. However, so were their children. Ben hadn't grown up seeing his parents much and Snoke had convinced him that this paradise would bring families together and everyone would live in peace. "I can't blame everything on that though. I was fifteen, and I wasn't a very good p-padawan. Me turning was partly my fault, I was seduced by the promise of unbelievable power. I had heard stories of my grandfather, of the way he had unimaginable power when he was Darth Vader. I thought that by being trained by Snoke would give me that power. I should've known I was taking the wrong path when he told me that my peers must be k-killed. He let the other Knights take care of them, but he said I needed to face Luke. I couldn't though. Luke had refused to hurt me, and every cell in my body screamed for me to quit now. To run away from both the Light and the Dark and to just live on fucking Hoth for the rest of my life." "Why...why did you react the way you did earlier?" "My first experience in the First Order was punishment." Ben's face turned from the shame, guilt ridden emotions he wore clearly to something blank. A poker face. "Snoke said I was a disappointment for not ending Luke Skywalker when he refused to hurt me and I could've easily took his life. He said I would understand soon that disobedience wouldn't be tolerate, which I did with all the executions. But until then he said...he said I should know my place. He said that I was the child of Rebel scum, that until I became useful I was just a-" The mask broke, and Ben closed his eyes tightly, "Long story short, he said I was to be used in whatever way he wished." "No." Poe gripped Ben's hand tightly as an ice cold dread overtook him at what Ben was going to say, "No long story short. Tell me what happened, Ben. It might help with getting it off your chest." "Fine." Brown eyes stared at Poe as Ben swallowed thickly, tears returning to his eyes as he began to shake, "He said I was a whore until I proved myself to be useful. As punishment for failure he would command sectors of troopers to have their way with me. Fuck me. Sometimes he would let the normal staff have a go. It changed depending on his mood. This happened a lot, especially earlier on. I-I tried to be compassionate, I guess. Well, as compassionate as I could be. I tried not to kill, I tried to avert the punishments of others sometimes. I just...I wasn't dark enough. I was still...I was still my parents child. I was until the third punishment when Snoke let the General have me all to himself. That's how I-" Ben shook his head, and Poe realized that's why he reacted so strongly when Poe spoke about General Organa. Hot anger boiled in the pilot's chest as he looked at the smaller man beside him, halo of black hair falling to his shoulders as he shook. Poe carefully wrapped an arm around Ben's waist and pulled the younger man closer in an attempt to show comfort, hating to know more but still asking, "How you got what?" "How I got the scars." Ben's face was wet with tears by this point as he unconsciously pressed his legs together, "Hux was into pain. He got off on it or some shit, I guess. Thought it was funny to leave behind physical evidence. He said it was proof of my failures and shortcomings forever marked on my body." "And that's why you were so opposed to the infirmary." Poe clenched his eyes shut, feeling sick as he ducked his head down onto Ben's shoulder hiding in the dark hair, "Shit, Ben." He could feel the other man tense, "I don't want to cause my parents anymore pain. They don't need to know what happened while I was Kylo Ren. They can be content in thinking I was Snoke's pampered apprentice who killed mercilessly before realizing the error of my ways." Poe raised his head, looking in Ben's light eyes. They were lighter than when he first came to the base. Clenching his hand into his fist, "But you weren't merciless, were you?" "No. I tried to be, but I never was able to. After the third p-punishment, I created a shell. I used it as protection, a shield that would stop the light so Snoke would have no reason to doubt me. No reason to punish me. It worked well enough, they were the few occasions where it didn't hold up but it saved me a lot of the time. I became the Leader of the Knight of Ren soon after my training stopped. That was in the second year, when I finally got some respect. I still hadn't killed though, I always avoided volunteering for missions or leading battles. Until Snoke volunteered me himself. To decline would've been treason. So I went to a village, where there were a few people thought to have sided with the Resistance. I had to-I had to kill an older man. Phasma was there, she said I should be the one to do it. I had to or-or she'd tell Snoke and the Hux would...so I killed him. Then I vomited. Turns out that fell under disobedience so I was reconditioned with training and punished by being thrown into a wall. I liked it better than the alternative so I kept my mouth shut. I stayed like that, hiding behind a fake face, until shit hit the fan. Until you were captured and I saw my mother in you memories and...I-" "Your parents deserve to know that their son was never really gone, that you always had light in you but you hid it. You don't know how much it hurts them to think you were some ruthless killer that happily led the First Order." Poe swallowed, ignoring Ben's watery glare, "You need to tell them." "You think they'd rather know that their son was repeatedly raped by the first order?" Ben seemed to have to force the words out, "Yes, because that would be so much better to know." Poe's heart clenched as tears began to fall from Ben's eyes once more. Sighing, the pilot gave up and simply drew the man into his arms. He convince, or trick, Ben into telling his parents later. Right now he had a broken heart and soul to help fix and he'd be damned if he let Ben continue to suffer after he confided in the pilot. That wasn't in Poe's nature, he couldn't let Ben hold all in until he broke even more. So he'd help him recover as well as he possibly could. Right now, though, it had been a long day and Poe was content to sitting there and holding Ben. Notes: I'm sorry. Chapter 9 : Where You Belong Summary: Ben looked at his mother and father, pursing his lips as they listed the reasons he should go the infirmary. He was thirteen at his last checkup, he hadn't been sleeping well, Poe had told them he'd passed out in exhaustion. He was angry but not surprised that the pilot would tell his parents something . Notes: I wonder if Luke is just on his little planet, feeling Ben and Leia's emotions through the force but not knowing exactly who they are because of distance or what's going on and he's just really fucking confused. The only that matters is your heartbeat going strong Oh, don't you forget That nothing else can matter 'cause you know where I belong His mother had called for him in her office the next day. Ben wished he could say he slept well, but speaking about those things to Poe just stirred up memories he'd have rather left dead. The pilot had spent the night with him, holding him until he stopped shaking then simply offering a comforting presence. It was good, he supposed, to have someone to talk to when the memories became overwhelming. Still, he was walking to his mothers office the next day, feeling much like a scolded child. He was a heartbeat away from wringing his hands, and he could feel his heart racing as he knocked on the door. "Come in." He voice came from inside the room and Ben took a deep breathe before pushing the door open. Han Solo and Leia Organa sat in chairs, watching Ben as he entered the room cautiously. His mother looked mostly concerned, while his father at least tried to attempt a smile. Ben shakily returned the favor before sitting down in the chair place in front of them. Leia automatically reached forwards and hugged him, kissing his forehead before returning to her own seat. Ben could see the concern in their eyes, their confusion as to what was wrong with him and he suddenly felt guilty. These two people in front of him...they didn't deserve a child like him. A child who hurt them and worried them and generally stressed them out. Why couldn't someone like Poe have been their son? Someone honest and good and someone who would cherish his parents. Biting his bottom lip, Ben looked down at his lap as shame washed through him. "Ben, honey? Are you okay?" Leia spoke first, concern lacing her voice, "Do you need to tell us something?" "No." Ben shook his head, "I just haven't been sleeping too well. I think if I could just get a prescription of sleeping pills-" "You should get a full check over if you're going to the infirmary." Han frowned, "Your mother's been trying to get you to go but we're going to have to put the foot down." "What...?" Ben shook his head, "What do you mean?" "Poe told us." Han continued, an Ben's heart stopped for a good ten seconds, "He said you must not be eating well or something because you collapsed in the hallway." The former Sith swallowed harshly, relief flooding through him, "Oh. I really don't think it's necessary-" "It certainly is!" Leia butted in, giving her son a scolding look that Ben remembered quite well from his childhood, "You were thirteen the last time you got a checkup! I know you've always hated them, but you're risking your health!" There was no way out of this without arguing with them, and that was honestly the last thing Ben wanted to do. He was trying to rebuild their relationship, and he was doing quite a good job if he said so himself, and arguing would simply ruin things. He guessed they'd find out sooner or later, especially if he had another episode like he had with Poe but in front of his parents. That might not turn out well, especially if Ben continued to hide what had really happened during his time with the First Order. It would hurt his mom and dad, he knew this in his heart. It would tear them apart, and he would be to blame once again. Ben sighed before shaking his head, "Fine. You win. Would you like me to go today?" Leia smiled at Han, obviously surprised that he agreed so quickly, "Yes. I'll notify the droids that you're on your way." He nodded, getting up from his seat. He stopped at the door, hand on the handle, and turned back to face his parents. He smiled as well as he could before speaking, "I love mom, dad." He was gone before he could see their confused, yet fond, looks. The infirmary was cold, Ben remembered that from when he was younger though. The droids were expecting him, and promptly took him into an examination room. It was uncomfortable, but he was just thankful they were droids and not people as he stripped naked and let the droids survey his body. They took note of all his bruises, his scars, his lasting injuries. That one time Snoke chucked him into a wall, yeah, they took note of that because it was bright red and hurt like hell when they touched it. It had never healed properly, in Snoke's words he should 'use it to be more in touch with the Dark Side' but Ben knew that was all bullshit. The so called Supreme Leader just wanted to watch him suffer. After the blood work and x-rays, the examination was over. Ben shivered as he pulled on his clothes, hearing the droids repeating the results to his mother over the phone. Malnourished, several improperly healed bones, bruises and scars mainly on the bottom half of the body, the two long scars that took up most of his back...soon the droids put down the phone and informed Ben that his parents were on their way and he had strict orders to stay where he was. Collapsing in a chair in the waiting room, he rested his head in his palms as he awaited what he assumed was his impending doom. A few minutes passed and he soon heard the door open, silent except for the near silent click as it shut. He felt a hand on his shoulder, smaller than that of his fathers so he knew it to be Leia's. The droids soon came out to greet them, laying his more detailed health report out before them. Ben only looked up once he sensed their presence had moved away from him, and when he opened his eyes his heart sank. Leia had the papers in one hand, the other clasped firmly over her mouth as she stared in horror at the words printed. Han stood behind her, a hand on her shoulder as he stared with wide eyes at the documents that detailed his sons extensive health problems. The two eventually turned towards him, Leia dropping the papers on the table and rushing over to her son. Ben stood as Han followed close behind her, and Leia wrapped him in her arms he felt Han hugging them both close. It sort of bubbled over, all the emotion he had been feeling since this all began, and soon his mothers blouse was wet with his tears as he cried into her shoulder. He felt her shaking, as well as Han, and when they released him he saw they both had red and watery eyes. His stomach fell out and guilt wormed its way in as he felt the pain he caused by his mother through the force. He scrubbed at his eyes and nose with both hands, knowing quite well that he was an ugly crier which he assumed he had inherited from his mother if looking at her now was telling. "I'm sorry." He mumbled, feeling much like a young and scared child. "Ben, no." His father spoke sadly but firmly, "It's not your fault. You were brainwashed by them and...and you didn't exactly have a choice of where they sent you to fight." Oh Maker. Oh no, no this was not happening, he refused to deal with this today. They thought-they thought they were battle wounds? They thought he had gotten those bruises and scars from fighting for the fucking First Order? Of course they did. They didn't know what only he himself and Poe knew. They didn't know, and why would they ever in a billion years assume that he had been violated in the worst kind of way those few but oh so long years he was away from them? Hot tears stung his eyes again, his knees were wobbling, and he could feel himself shaking, shaking, shaking, and before he knew it he was headed towards the ground. Arms grasped for him as he fell but he didn't even notice, stuck in a memory on repeat filled with troopers and Snoke and Hux and the First Order and all the things he hated most in life. "Ben!" His mothers surprised gasp broke through the nightmare, "Ben! You're okay, we know you regret all of it. Okay? We know you were seduced by Snoke, that it was him and not you that did those horrible things. You're back and that's all that matters." "No!" He gasped out, feeling trapped as he tried to scramble back from the arms, "No!" He tried to send as much pain, as much horror, as much fear as he could through the force for his mother to feel. He didn't even consider that Rey might feel it as well, he only needed them to back away so he would stop feeling like he was drowning. He felt strong surprise from her, and through his blurry vision he saw her grab Han and pull him backwards away from their son despite Han's protests. Severe bruising around his thighs, the droids had said. He remembered that. Remembered that exact encounter. It was burned into his memory, Hux's looming face alone in the dimly lit room. There were no stormtroopers that time, just the General alone with Ben as punishment for his failure regarding the droid and Poe's escape. Harsh, cold hands gripping his thighs as Hux forcibly entered him. There had been no oil, no preparation, and Ben was a hundred percent sure that something had been torn down below. He had been bleeding by the end of it, but Hux just laughed at him before leaving. Two long, older scars that took up most of his upper and lower back. This had occurred during his first month with the First Order. Snoke wanted to attack a smaller village on some middle rim planet that had yet to choose sides regarding the Resistance and the First Order. Ben had spoken up, saying they were undecided and should be left alone. It had been a mistake because, before he knew it, he was ordered two gashes via lightsaber from a fellow Knight of Ren. It had hurt like holy hell, and Ben was pretty sure he liked being thrown into a wall better, but at least it never got infected. The lightsaber cauterized the wound as it slid across his skin. So many more injuries. He remembered most of them, if he hadn't been knocked out or hadn't passed out himself. He remembered the pain it caused him, the way he had to build the armor that was Kylo Ren, the way he began to despise the First Order like he did the first year of service after he interrogated Poe Dameron. The way he lived in fear and pain an entire year of his life, and the way he lived in numbness for the next two. He remembered the way he wanted to fucking die so bad to get rid of the light in his head because he was convinced that death was better than this war in his head. He feels that hatred for the Dark, for the First Order. He hates them for the way they took an innocence he can never get back. Now, though, now his parents think the scars he got from the Order's abuse were from fighting for the Dark. Fighting for the Order. He could feel his parents horror and he sat, crying on the floor with a hung head. All of a sudden he felt it coming up, up, up and lunged for the waste bin located by the chairs he had previously sat in. Ben could feel his parents jump, like they expected him to attack them or try and escape or something equally as awful and it just spurred his illness. He vomited hard into the trashcan, crying at the same time as he felt the acidic burn of stomach acid and felt the salt in his tears burn his eyes. He choked back a sob, remembering far more than he would like. Fuck Poe and his 'talking will make it better'. No, all it did was drag up old memories and make him even more of an emotion wreck for this confrontation with his parents. He felt warm hands wiped his hair away that had gotten stuck to his tear soaked face. He heard his father call for the droids to bring a towel and ben closed his eyes tightly, knowing it was her crouching beside him. "Ben, honey." Her voice was quiet, warm and accepting, "We don't blame you for these things, okay? You have to understand that. It might take us awhile to forgive these actions but you need to know what we're forgiving is the actions . We're not forgiving you because you've always been forgiven. There's never been a day that we haven't loved you, despite what you did in battle to get those scars. Do you understand? Ben, you need to talk to me." "That's great mom. Thanks." Ben felt himself getting sick again as he opened his eyes and looked up at his mother's concerned face, "Just...thanks." She frowned sadly, "Ben, you know you can tell us anything, There's something else bothering you, I can feel it-" "I didn't get these in a fight." He murmured, almost hoping his mother couldn't hear him. As his father returned with a pristine white towel, Leia scrunched up her face in confusion, "What was that?" "I said," Ben took a deep breath, "I said I didn't get these in a fight. The bruises and scars and broken bones. Don't say I got them in a battle fighting for those assholes because I didn't ." "What?" Han's eyebrows drew together in confusion, "What do you mean? How did you get them?" "I-They...They were leftover from punishments." Ben swallowed, looking away, "When I...failed to comply or refused to do something I was punished by Snoke or the General Hux or-or the stormtroopers. Someone. Sometimes, on rare occasions, the Knights of Ren. That's only when I really pissed off Snoke though. Still preferred them to Hux though." "Punishments?" Han's face contorted in confusion and just a bit of anger as he began to catch on, "What about the ones...below." Leia's eyes widened, "Ben." "They." The former Sith stopped himself and took a deep breath to steady himself before continuing, "Sometimes Snoke would allow the staff and stormtroopers to...use me as they pleased." "What does that mean?" Han's voice was deathly quiet as Leia's face went blank, "Ben. What. Does. That. Mean?" "It means that they..." His voice faltered and he didn't know how to say it, "They raped me. It was mostly during the first year, but it continued on afterwards occasionally. Sometimes that wasn't the punishment, though! Sometimes I would get gashed from a lightsaber, or I-I'd just get tossed around a bit by Snoke. It wasn't-" His mother's face turned from anger to understanding and soon she was falling forwards, wrapping him in a tight hug. Ben didn't realize he was shaking until she squeezed him until he stilled. Han wrapped his arms around them once more but, this time, it wasn't Ben crying. "I was scared to leave." Ben whispered brokenly, "I couldn't leave on one of their ships. They'd-they'd follow me and I didn't even know where you all were. I wanted to leaved after the first month, after I realized what it was. I didn't-I didn't know I'd have to hurt people, mom, dad, please!" "Shh, honey." Leia stroked his hair, "Deep breaths, your safe now." "Snoke made it...he said it'd be a peaceful world and I was dumb enough to believe and once I was there and he started training me and the punishments began..." "You're okay, Ben." He heard Han's voice croak, and tears could even be heard in his father's voice. As he was held in their arms, he didn't notice the sad and concerned looks his parents shared. Chapter 10 : Who Talks First Summary: "How'd it go?" Ben was silent. Poe bit his lip, looked to the side, waited a few minutes, and then tried to spark up the conversation again. "Okay, you talk first or I talk first?" Well that was déjà vu, and for a brief moment Poe thought Ben was going to ignore him as he did a thousand years ago when he was still Kylo Ren. He was quickly proven wrong once more concerning the former Sith when Ben cracked a small smile, proving once more how little Poe really knew about him. Honestly, the pilot wanted to change that. "Obviously you. You have the bigger mouth." Notes: Okay the Poe/Ben is laid on pretty heavy in this chapter. I'm sorry okay THEY ARE MY OTP. Also, a note for those that think Poe a ladies man, HE IS A SWEET CINNAMON ROLL BESIDES HE GAY AF. I can't take this any longer I need, I need you like water It's on the tip of my tongue I'm not asking for much Just your love and not another 'Cause your embrace keeps me warmer Could I tell you this time How I wish you were mine Honestly, after yesterday, Poe expected he would never see Ben Solo again. He figured it was a one night stand (one night cuddle?) and the two would just awkwardly avoid each other for the rest of the time. Sort of acknowledging each other, but never directly speaking or interacting. Of course, Poe didn't know a damn thing about one night stands as he had never had one, but from what he could tell it was very awkward. Well, he supposed, sex in general was awkward. He wouldn't know a thing about sex either, but from stories he could assume. Needless to say, Poe was preparing himself for a Ben Solo-less life, and he was lying if he said it didn't upset him a little. That is, until his preparing was interrupted by a knock on his door that turned out to be no one but Ben Solo himself. Well, that shows how much Poe knows about the guy. Ben's face was paler than usual, sort of sickly, and his eyes were red around the edges like he had been crying. He had a small, sad smile but Poe was amazed at the way he seemed overall happier. Well, he used the word happy loosely regarding Ben, but it lifted Poe's heart a little. Opening the door wider, Poe watched with a little bit of amazement as Ben walked, not with his old fake confidence but he certainly looked like the weight of the world was off his shoulders. The man sat himself down in a chair and his small smile faded, seemingly content with just sitting by Poe's desk, surveying the still messy room. "How'd it go with your parents?" Ben seemed to consider the question for a little bit, biting his lip as he gnawed over his possible answers. Poe sighed as he received no answer. Hi kicked back on his bed, content in waiting a few minutes before trying to strike up a conversation again. The pilot watched Ben closer, looking at the way he crossed his long legs when he sat. The way his right hand subconsciously drifted towards where his belt would be, like he was used to reaching for a weapon. Poe realized, then, that his lightsaber had been destroyed or whatever when Ben left the First Order. He didn't know the details but he knew Ben no longer had it. He wondered when he would create a knew one, if he would, and the process that took. He knew Ben would have to get clearance from General Organa, but in Poe's opinion he had proved quite well that he hated the First Order if not for personal reasons but moral ones as well. "So, you talk first or I talk first?" Well that was déjà vu, and for a brief moment Poe thought Ben was going to ignore him as he did a thousand years ago when he was still Kylo Ren. He was quickly proven wrong once more concerning the former Sith when Ben cracked a small smile, proving once more how little Poe really knew about him. Honestly, the pilot wanted to change that and simultaneously wanted to make Ben smile more. The way the pale pink lips curved slightly at the ends, and Poe swears he could spot the beginnings of dimples. He wondered what a real, teeth and all smile would look like on the former Sith. Probably amazing like most things. "You obviously." Ben spoke lightly as he could, "You have the bigger mouth." "Hey!" "What?" The right side of the dark haired man's mouth turned up and his eyes glinted in a way Poe really liked, "It's true." Poe laughed lightly, smiling at the other man, "So. Is there any particular reason you're here?" The glimmer in Ben's eyes disappeared, "I went to the infirmary and afterwards my mom and dad found out about what happened. I came here to escape." "Escape?" The pilot questioned, glancing at the door as though he expected it to be busted down any second. "Yeah." Ben nodded, "Don't worry. They'd never guess I'd come here. That's why I did." "Oh." Poe raised his eyebrows, "Okay. So-" "I mean, that's one reason I came here." The former Sith rushed out and Poe knew a fast paced mini rant was ahead, "I mean, we're friends right so I figured I could come over I mean I'm not just using you for a hiding place-" "Yeah, we're friends." Poe paused, "I guess." "You guess?" The crease in Ben's brow showed the pilot he had envisioned the conversation many times and no version went well. "I mean, you tortured me I guess. Well, torture being a relative term. Rummaged though my head a bit, but it wasn't painful, and got the location of the droid but...Hux was probably the one who did all the actual torturing." In an instant, Ben's eyebrows were knit together and his face flushed, "What do you mean Hux?" Poe shrugged, "He's the only one out of the two of you that caused any pain. About bashed my head in. Kriffing hell, for being so small he has a good right hook." "I know." Ben's face was a little too bland and Poe laughed nervously. "Yeah." He scratched his cheek, "I guess you would." Things were silent for a little while until Ben sighed, "They cried a lot you know. My parents, when I told them, they just hugged me and started crying." Poe snorted, "I'd be concerned if they didn't." The force users shoulders slumped a little, "I don't like it when they're sad. I've ruined them enough, can't I just leave them alone? I make them so upset..." "You know, Ben, I think they like you bothering them." Poe rethought the sentence in his head, "Correction. I think they like you bothering them now when you're not, you know, Kylo Ren." Ben cringed at the name, "Yeah." Poe huffed and rolled his eyes, "They love you. Get over it, it's gonna stay that way until you decide to leave and even then they'd probably still love you. General Organa would force slap the shit out of you if you tried to leave us again, but she'd do it the most loving way possible." "I guess you're right." "Of course I am." Poe rolled his eyes, "Now it's getting pretty late. Are you-?" Ben took the open ended question and shrugged, "I don't want to meet them on my way back to my rooms or in my room. I guess I could stay with Rey, she's talked about something called a slumber party before. I haven't the slightest clue what that is but she was very enthusiastic in getting me to participate in one." "No! Ah, no, you can stay here." Poe swallowed, "If you want I mean." Slowly nodding, Ben looked around the room, "Where...where will I sleep?" "Um..." Poe chewed on his lip before jumping up and grabbing extra blankets out of the closet, "My bed! It's big enough, you get the left I get the right. Just like I used to do with my friends!" Ben looked wearily at the bright orange covered bed and nodded slowly, "Sure." Leia sipped her drink, feeling a hundred years older as she watched Han pace back and forth. "For the love of-!" Han threw his hands up before turning to the General, "Where is he?" She shook her head, "He's...you know how he is. He has always done this, even as a kid. When he's scared or embarrassed he holes up in some place he thinks he's safe and then bounces back the next day. Although I don't think he can exactly bounce back from this..." Han growled, "More like he's splatted. Fifty or so times. On the concrete. I swear, if I ever get my hands on whoever took my son away from me and did that to him, I'll kill them." "You might have an issue with that after I'm done with them." Leia knew her smile was feral and honestly didn't care. She was a mother, she would protect her baby boy from any fucking First Order personnel who tried to hurt him ever again. Sighing, Han shook his head, "Why didn't he come home?" "He was scared." Leia winced, recounting the way Ben shook and cried, "H-He was scared to leave because, well, look at what had already happened to him." In response, Han just collapsed into a chair and hung his head. Leia frowned, sitting her drink aside and walking over to him. It was silent a few minutes as she simply stood there with her hand on his shoulder. Then... "He's with the pilot, isn't he?" Leia shrugged, "Probably." "Fuck." Chapter 11 : Pick Up the Pieces Summary: "Your parents might be right, you know?" Poe fiddled with the hem of his shirt, "You might...benefit from medication. You said you wanted sleeping pills didn't you?" "Sleeping pills not...not..." Ben whipped around from where he stood facing the wall, "I'm not insane, and I don't know what you all are going on about! It's just a little insomnia!" "Ben! Having insomnia doesn't lead to you collapsing and having hallucinations!" Poe stood, blood racing, "You need to get control over whatever this is!" Notes: 107 COMMENTS GUYS?!?!?! Thank you so much! Special thanks to Googga for being my 100th commenter! I've seen yours before a lot (I've seen a bunch of people comment on every chapter and it warms my itty bitty heart) and I really appreciate you and everyone who comments and gives kudos and whatnot! It's nice to have feedback, especially such positive feedback! Thank you guys so much! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) I've been searching city streets Trying to find the missing piece like you said And I searched hard only to find, There's not a single thing that's wrong with my mind "Ben, listen, we need to talk about this." Leia frowned at her son as he stood to leave her and Han's room. "I just stopped by to tell you where I was last night so you wouldn't worry." Ben looked at his parents with tired eyes, "I don't think there's anything to talk about. What happened has already past, we can't change it now. It's my fault, anyways, for joining the Order." "No, Ben." Han drew his eyebrows together and frowned, "None of what happened to you is your fault." Sighing, the former Sith just nodded, "Mother, Father. I'm very tired from last night. Can I please go?" "Not yet." Leia pursed her lips, "Now sit, Ben." Rolling his eyes he followed his mothers order, refraining from saying the comment about him not being a dog that ran across his mind. "Now, we just want you to hear us out, okay?" As Han nodded along with what Leia was saying, Ben mentally rolled his eyes. This was never a good sign, "We've consulted the medical droids and some of my consultants. We've come to a unanimous decision that we think it would be best if...if you started some medication." Ben immediately brightened much to the shock of his parents, "Sleeping pills? Finally! I've requested them a million times!" Han grimaced, "Not exactly, son." "What do you mean?" He narrowed his eyes, looking at Han and Leia with scrutiny, "What other medication would I need?" "We were thinking something like Trilzine." His mother answered, frowning as she saw he son's face darken, "We've heard about you episodes, the passing out, and since what happened in the infirmary...Ben, you were seeing things that weren't there. Hallucinations. That's a serious problem, and we can fix it or at least make it better if you just cooperate." "No." Ben shook his head firmly, "I'm not some damn loon!" "Ben!" Han snapped, "You will not speak to your mother like that!" "Well I'm not! There's no reason to give me any other medicine except sleeping pills. I have insomnia ." "Ben, honey, listen." Leia stood, going to her drawer and pulling out a bottle, "We want you to take them for your own good. I-I worry about you. I can still feel the darkness in you from those times, it is not as strong and there is more light than previously but in the infirmary it flared up. I thought you were going to do something awful, I thought I made the wrong choice in allowing you to roam the base freely. I don't like feeling that way about my son. I think if you took these pills, they would help with your hallucinations. They would help with your mental state." "There's noting to help my mental state except getting more sleep!" "Please." Her brown eyes looked into Ben's identical ones and held the bottle out for him, "For me. I don't want to have to lock you up, Ben, but if this darkness grows...I'm the General of the Resistance. I have thousands, millions of people counting on me. I can't let them down. Don't make me do something I'll regret." His heart was pounding in his chest and he knew his mother was right. She...she was a General first and a mother second. He knew if he wanted to get out of this conversation without even more suspicion from his parents, he'd have to at least take the bottle with him. Hesitantly, he nodded and took the bottle from her outreached hand. His parents smiled in relief, glancing at each other, before Leia stood. She walked over to where Ben sat, staring at the bottle in his hands in horror. "Thank you, my son." She cupped his face and kissed him on the forehead, "I know it's hard but the medication won't be needed forever. You'll get better, I'm sure. Your not the first one on the base to need prescribed medicine, and you won't be the last. Now go get some rest." Poe surveyed the man sitting in front of him. Ben had seemed pretty shaken up when he reached Poe's room, going on about something with his parents. Poe was half afraid to ask, but he was also damn curious. Then again, didn't curiosity kill the cat? He saw Ben's hand grippe around what looked like a plastic container and had to wonder what was inside it. So far the former Sith hadn't spoken a word or really done anything other than the occasional glance at Poe or the thing in his hand. "My parent's don't understand insomnia." Ben sounded tired, more tired than ever, and Poe had to quirk an eyebrow at the statement. "What do you mean they don't understand insomnia?" "They don't get that their nightmares, not hallucinations." Ben shook his head and looked at Poe with sad brown eyes, "They want to put me on medication, and not sleeping pills." Poe's eyes fell to the plastic bottle Ben gripped tightly, "So I'm guessing that's what's in there?" "Yeah. A months worth of pills. My mom, she just...she went on some ramble about how the 'darkness is growing' and all that and said if I didn't want to get locked up I needed to take the medicine." "She threatened to lock you up?" Poe's eyebrows shot up, "That doesn't sound like General Organa." "I think she means the other high ups will decide to put me in a cell with or without her consent if I don't take the pills, honestly. Still...I don't need them!" Poe glanced away from the face that was pleading with Poe to agree with him. However, the pilot couldn't bring himself to. He had seen the aftermath of Ben's episodes. The way Ben shook and passed out and saw things that weren't there. It hurt him to see his friend so distressed, but he hoped if they could convince Ben to actually take the pills things would get better. He'd be happy again, and then maybe Poe could finally see that smile. "Your parents might be right, you know?" Poe fiddled with the hem of his shirt, "You might...benefit from medication. You said you wanted sleeping pills didn't you? That's medication." "I wanted sleeping pills not...not..." Ben glared at the wall, brown eyes darkening, "I'm not insane, and I don't know what you all are going on about! It's just a little insomnia!" "I think it's more than that. You've passed out before." The pilot was trying his best to be rational with this, to not make Ben mad. Needless to say he was failing. "I passed out b-because I never sleep, Poe!" Ben snapped, chin wobbling, "I have nightmares and all I need is some medicine for that. Sleeping. Something to help me...I don't know! Go into a deeper sleep? I mean, then I wouldn't wake up in the middle of the night!" "Ben! Having insomnia doesn't lead to you collapsing and having hallucinations!" Poe stood, blood racing, "You need to get control over whatever this is!" "They're nightmares, not hallucinations!" The Force user snapped, standing also and crossing his arms, "I'm not insane. I don't see things. I just don't sleep well because of nightmares! How many times do I have to say this? I feel like a fucking parrot trying to talk to you people!" "All we're saying is there might be underlying problems!" Poe glared, confused as to why Ben wouldn't just take the medicine and help himself , "Ben, you have problems. What happens if your mind becomes vulnerable and you turn again? You kill us all in our sleep and flee back to the Order?" Ben looked at him with wide eyes, "Flee back to the Order ? T-to Hux and Snoke and all the people I fucking hate?" Rubbing a hand over his face, Poe sighed wearily, "Ben you know I don't mean it like that-" "No!" The former Sith snapped, "I'm tired of you all acting like I'm some fragile piece of glass! I'm not going to break, so tell me how you really feel! My mother already did, she and my dad are going to throw me in a cell sometime soon I believe. You all think I'm going to deflect again, to turn dark, but newsflash! I left for a reason! I had been wanting to leave since the first week I joined the Order for a reason! So tell me more about how you know me and my mind so well, about how you know I'm going to go back to the place I was abused and raped because obviously I'm an evil, good-for-nothing Sith. Right?" "We treat you like your fragile because you are!" Poe growled back, "Who the hell knows what your going to do? People in the Resistance are nervous around you for a reason. Haven't you noticed it? It's because even if we all aren't force sensitive we can tell . Ben you scare people, you're a ticking time bomb. Rey is trying, or has been trying, to become friends but all you do is push her away! She doesn't want you to be completely alone because she thinks if you have a friend or two you'll be more likely to stay in the light!" The dark haired figure was perfectly still, face emotionless, "Is that why you were friends with me, Poe Dameron?" The pilot rolled his eyes, "First name and last name? C'mon, Ben, just...just take the medicine. It can only help." "I won't take it." He spoke firmly, face still blank, "You all...you all are implying that I'm broken or something. That I need some pills to meet your standards. Don't you understand that?" Poe saw the mask break for a moment, Ben's eyes pleading with him to understand, but Poe couldn't because Ben needed the pills. Ben needed something to stabilize him. "Yeah, I understand. We're not implying you're broken because you are and, honestly, you need to pick up the pieces. I'm sorry." "No. You're not." Ben narrowed his eyes before visibly calming down, "Fine. You win. You all win, happy now? Instead of metal bars, I'll stay behind medicated ones. Fabricated happiness, peace. You win." Ben turned and began to walk out the door, but Poe stopped him, "You might want to stop looking like that, you know? It's...you look like him again. Like Kylo Ren. Like a Sith." "It's funny you say that. if anyone would know what a Sith looks like I guess it would be the all knowing Poe Dameron." Ben turned the handle and walked out the door, leaving the pilot behind him. Staring at the two small capsules, white and seemingly innocent in his palm, Ben felt sick. He wasn't broken, wasn't crazy. He didn't need these. He didn't. His mother, his father, Poe, and basically everyone disagreed though. They said he needed them, that he was still evil, still Kylo Ren, and that these would fix him. Because he was broken, Ben Solo was broken, and no one ever wants anything to do with you when you're broken. He lifted his hand up and opened his mouth. He took a deep breath and dropped the pills in the toilet, followed soon after by the whole bottle. Ben smirked at the toilet, finding great satisfaction in flushing the pills. He then turned and walked out of his bathroom. He didn't need a prescription to fix him, he didn't need Poe or Rey or his parents to fix him. If anyone was going to fix Ben Solo, it would have to be himself. He would accept it no other way. Notes: Ben is a strong, independent (soon to be again) Jedi and he don't need no man. Well, he don't need no man to fix him because we all know even when they fight Poe and Ben are endgame here. Chapter 12 : Yours To Choose Summary: Ben looked at the stones in wonder, feeling his very being pulling him towards one as though it was meant for him, as though his very soul was tied to it. Staring at the white stone, he reached forward and pulled it from the rock with surprising ease. It seemed to shake, tremble, and the color began to bleed into the whiteness slowly, then all at once. Notes: Note: The crystal talked about is a Adegan crystal in the Pontite form. Ben explains it further, along with the entire process. (Process of what, you ask? You'll see soon!) Another Note: This chapter takes place over several months. Oh my god Please help me, neck deep in the river screamin' for relief He says, it's mine to give, but it's yours to choose You're gonna sink or swim, you're gonna learn the truth No matter what you do you're gonna learn the truth sayin' Ben wasn't sure where he should start piecing his life back together. He avoided his parents, Poe, Rey, and Finn as much as possible and he even skipped meals and had a droid bring him food to his room on some occasions. His mother had finally managed to corner him once, telling him that she knew he was angry but she was proud of him for taking the pills. She said she knew the effect wasn't immediate, it would take a few weeks, maybe a month, for them to really start kicking in but when they worked he would appreciate them. Ben could only smile and nod and then run away as fast as he could. Now that he was alone, now that he had secluded himself, he had no one to vent to. Had no way to avoid his emotions and thoughts. He was trapped with himself all hours of the day and there was no escaping because how can you run from yourself? He didn't know what to do, and he could honestly compare the experience to drowning. His emotions filled his lungs up, up, up until he was suffocating under it all. He realized, now, that there was lingering darkness in his mind. More than just lingering, if he was honest with himself. His mental state was weak, he was weak, and honestly his entire life just resembled one big, messy pod crash. It was all out of control and he needed to reign it back in. So he did what his Uncle Luke always use to tell him to do when he just started his training as an unruly child. He meditated. It was hard, at first, to sit still for hours on end and just focus but keep relaxed. He had never quite gotten the hand of meditation, even as a young padawan. He tried though, everyday at the same time he would sit on the floor, eyes closed and relaxed but alert. Sometimes he would give up halfway through, cursing himself for his foolishness in believing it would help. Other times, he would make it through feeling quite proud of himself and more in control. It got easier as time went on, but it was a constant struggle. He eventually began to meditate on one thing in specific; the light. Ben figured if he could focus on the things that made him happy, unconditional love, compassion, peace, calm, and all things the Jedi coveted then...well it couldn't hurt. Except it did, sometimes. The war was back, except this time Ben was the leader of the army and he as pretty sure he was winning. Slowly he was conquering his mind back from Snoke, from Hux, from the First Order. It was an on going battle but it was one he was determined to win. He started gathering the pieces awhile back. He'd stop by the repair center and ask for any spare metal they had, any spare anything they had really. He set out to work, but it was hard with his control over the light side still so swaying. He refused to answer hat calling though, the calling to just slip back into the dark. He wouldn't use that diseased power, the power that took ahold of his mind and soul. So every night, after his meditation, he would gather the metal and materials he kept in a box under his desk. Sitting, his willed the force to bend and manipulate the metal, trying to coerce the unbending materials into a familiar cylinder shape. He had seen the older padawans do this as a child, it had seemed so easy. He thought it would be easy. Then again, none of the other padawans had deserted the light and joined the First Order. Maybe the Force was right in giving him a bit of a hard time... Needless to say it was a process. A long, grueling process that literally took Ben five-ish weeks to accomplish. One night he sat down for his meditation, eager to get it over with to begin working on his project again. It took him a very large amount of self control to calm himself down enough to meditate but he managed it though. Sitting on his floor, focusing on that flickering ball of light in him, he could practically see his soul. There was still darkness, it still loomed over his heart like a storm cloud he couldn't shake, but it wasn't as thick as it used to be. The old saying stands, he supposed. If you want to change, you must put your heart and head into it or it will never happen. Needless to say, Ben had out his entire fucking body and soul into this shit, so he better be getting some results. Not that he was impatient or anything. However, he might have forgotten the alert part that night. He didn't hear the soft knocking on his door, didn't hear the door creak open, but he sure as hell heard his mothers annoyed and probably a bit angry voice coming from the doorway. "Ben, I think we need to have a chat-" Leia stopped dead in her tracks when she saw her son, her only son, meditating on the floor like he was a padawan. Ben jumped to his feet lightning quick, face gaining a pinkish glow as he glared at his mother, being slightly embarrassed but mostly hoping no one had reported him asking for all that metal. Then this entire operation would be shut down, and that's just something Ben could not afford, especially when he was making so much progress. "What are you doing?" His mother asked, brown eyes wide as she stared at him in astonishment. "I-I was tired. I figured I'd...rest a bit for I took my shower and had dinner." A single brow was raised at his poor attempt at an excuse, "And you rest by sitting on your floor, legs crisscrossed and eyes closed?" Ben nodded quickly, "That's how everyone rests, right?" His mother gave him a look, practically asking him if he genuinely thought her that stupid, before continuing her earlier line of conversation, "As I said when I came in, I think we need to have a talk." Ben steeled himself, "About what?" "You haven't spoken with anyone in weeks!" His mother stressed, "Ben, I'm worried!" He pretended to look astonished, "Weeks? Truly? Huh, I've just been really tired lately. Honestly those pills work better than sleeping pills, mom. I'm tired all day!" "What?" Her eyebrows creased, "I don't think that's supposed to happen. I'm going to speak to the droids about it, we might have to discontinue your use of those." Good. He had recently gotten his new shipment for the month from a droid, and he was pretty sure he almost clogged his toilet flushing them all down. Wouldn't that be awkward to explain. "That's a shame, really." Ben could hardly keep the sarcastic tone out of his voice, "I really think they were working." His mother still caught it and gave him a narrow stare, "That's unneeded, Ben. We're trying to help." "I can help myself." He waved he accusation of easily, not caring in the slightest of their intentions when they threatened to lock him up. "Obviously not." Her tone was cutting but it soon faded, "I'm guessing you were meditating earlier? That's good. Keep doing that. It's...it's what he would say." Ben didn't need to ask what 'he' she was speaking about. It was obvious and it caused a sharp pain in his chest because he knew that he was the reason Uncle Luke wasn't with them and was instead on some long lost planet living out the rest of his days as a hermit. "Okay." His answer was short, and Leia caught on. "I'll be going now. I think...I think those pills did help, though. I can see a change in you." She quickly walked over and pressed a kiss to his cheek before turning, "If you need you father or I, you know where we are." She was gone then. Ben sighed, shaking his head. There was no way he was going to be able to meditate after that. With troubled thoughts and guilt weighing heavily on his mind, he gathered the metal from the box and stared at his partially finished pieces that would make his most valuable weapon, the extension of his very soul. Sitting the parts on the ground, he released a breath and held up his hands. He felt the force in the air then, stronger than ever, and he reached out and grabbed the light. He grabbed it and he didn't let go, willing it to fit the remaining pieces together until all that's left were scraps and the five main components of his lightsaber. Ben stared at the ground where they lay, his breathe caught in his throat. He had done it! Slowly a smile stretched across his lips as he felt happiness and pride surge through him, all he needed now was a crystal. But where-? "You know you might want to breath and quit over thinking things or I think you may pass out." A sardonic voice spoke from behind him. Jumping to his feet even quicker than when he heard his mothers voice, he pulled his fist back ready to fight the unknown intruder. He stopped short when he saw none other than Anakin Skywalker himself, standing there in his shimmering blue greatness, and beside him stood Padmé Amidala with an amused smile. Ben rolled his eyes and groaned, allowing his head to fall into his hands. "I don't think he's happy to see us, Ani!" Padmé gasped comically, nudging her husband who wore a very amused smile. "No, no!" Ben spoke with sarcasm lining his words, waving his hands around, "I really appreciate the heart attacks!" Padmé laughed lightly while Anakin rolled his eyes, "I'm guessing you remember our last meeting?" Ben frowned, "A little. I don't remember that much." "Obviously." His grandfather sighed, "Listen, after you find the crystal and get that thing made, you need to go speak to C-3PO and get to R2-D2. Like I said before, tell him Anakin sent you and he'll wake right up. If he doesn't, shake him a little." Nodding slowly, Ben absorbed the information, "Okay. But...how do I find a crystal for the lightsaber?" "I'm afraid we can't help you with that." Anakin gave him a sympathetic look, "It's your own mission." Honestly, Ben felt this would be a grand time to rip chucks of his own hair out. "It's on this planet though, close, so just follow your instincts!" Padmé patted his cheek, sending a chill down Ben's spine. "Padmé!" Anakin groaned, "You aren't supposed to tell him that!" "Oh, hush!" She gave him a look, "He's my grandson, I can tell him whatever I please whenever I please!" "I fear we must go." Anakin patted him on the back, "You're...making progress, Ben." "We're proud!" His grandmother smiled warmly, "We'll be back to visit soon, once everything settles down. Obi-Wan is getting a bit antsy about us visiting so often." "Yeah, well, Obi-Wan can-" Anakin was cut off by his own wife before he could finish the sentence. "We'll be going now." They smiled once more at him before Anakin spoke once more, "And don't make me come back to tell you about C-3PO again!" Ben shook his head as he looked at the five pieces on the ground, "Why did I ever look up to him?" The next few days it took Ben quite some time to manage getting out of the base without anyone noticing. Or, anyone of importance that is. He was trying to act as casual as possible as he walked across the landing field for the practicing pilots, not exactly speed walking but trying to hurry. He was breezing by a group of pilots who hardly noticed him when, all of a sudden, a hand grabbed his arm. Trying to pull himself from the persons grasp, he twisted around to see none other than Poe Dameron. A surge of resentment raced through him but he tried to push it away vainly, telling himself this was no way to nurture the light inside him. "Ben." Poe breathed, smiling hesitantly, "I haven't...well, I haven't seen you in a long time." "A month." Ben jerked his arm from the pilots grasp, "Now I have to go." "Whoa, whoa!" Poe grabbed his shoulder this time, smiling in a confused way, "Why are you acting like that? You came to talk to me!" "What gave you that idea?" Ben hissed, "Stop grabbing me!" "Sorry." Poe apologized, taking his hand off the smaller man, "But...you came to the runway for a reason, right? You figured I'd be here?" "No. I was on my way out." Ben clenched his jaw Poe's eyes widened, "You're leaving." Practically sneering, Ben rolled his eyes, "Yes, I'm leaving for two hours then coming back. It's none of your business but I know you'll ask anyways, so I'm getting supplies. For what, you don't need to know." The wide, sad stare Ben got from the pilot was equal parts endearing and heartbreaking and Ben just kind of wanted to melt, but he reminded himself why he was mad. He wouldn't give up so easy, he was Ben Solo and when he had a grudge he kept it! "I'm really sorry, Ben." Poe's eyes dropped to the ground, "I know what I said was...uncalled for. I'm just glad you decided to take the pills. I was really, really worried about you." But wasn't forgiveness in the Jedi code? Or...something like that. "I-I...guess I accept the apology. Now, I really have to go. I'll...come by your room later. Does that sound okay?" "Yeah!" Poe nodded eagerly, a grin taking over his lips. Ben nodded before turning and racing out of there, heart pounding. Something about that stupid pilot made him so flustered and he did not appreciate it. He had already been out there an hour and there was nothing. Absolutely nothing. Well, nothing except weeds and vines and things that kept trying to trip him. Ben surveyed his surroundings, trying to reach out to the force to see where he needed to go. he could feel it in the back of his mind, a wisp just out of reach, but his gut twisted and told him to walk forward as it had been for the past hour. So he did as the force told him to, walking and more walking until he saw it and his heart jumped and plunged at the same time. It was a cave, he could tell that much, and it obviously didn't see to much visiting from other humans, as see by the unmarked dusty dirt on the floor of it and the common sense that it was just so far out of the way. Ben held onto the wall as he walked into the cave, steadying himself incase of any sudden drop offs. Up ahead he could see a faint white light, the force pulling him to it intensely. He slowly made his way into the entrance of the cavern in the cave, nearly loosing his breath at the astonishing and peculiar beauty. He walked forward, his feet not truly his anymore, as the force seemed to pull him to one of the shimmering white crystals. It was imbedded into the rock seemingly quite well, and Ben wasn't sure how to get it out. His body was nearly humming because he knew what these stones were. The Pontite form of the Adegan crystal, the most rare form out of the four the Adegan crystal was known for. As a youngling, his Uncle Luke had told him stories of the different crystals. It might not be the most powerful, but it was certainly up there on the list and all the forms of the Adegan crystals used to be popular in the days of the old Jedi Council. Staring at the white stone, he reached forward and pulled it from the rock with surprising ease. It seemed to shake, tremble, and the color began to bleed into the whiteness slowly, then all at once. He held the vibrating stone with bated breath, feeling his soul reach out and brush the force within the stone. The crystal glowed as color filled it, first a swirl of rainbow as his personality and force mixed with the stones. Soon the rest of the color bled out leaving Ben with a glowing, purple stone. Chapter 13 : Fitting the Pieces Together Summary: "Why am I honestly surprised by anything you manage to do anymore." Han shook his head, going over and giving his son a hug. "How do you know it was me?" "It's always you, Ben." Leia shook her head, smiling, before she turned to Poe, "Now let's get that little BB-8 unit in here so we can fit this map together and bring my stupid brother home." Notes: Rey/Ben friendship fluff ahead. You have been warned. But don't burn out Even if you scream and shout It'll come back to you And I'll be here for you When the night is coming down on you We will find a way through the dark As soon as Ben reached his room, he pulled the glowing purple crystal from his bag. Wrapped in cloth you could barely see the glow that surrounded it, so he quickly sat it on his table and gathered the other five pieces. He remembered his Uncle Luke telling him the story of how he made his lightsaber, the story of creating the synthetic crystal with a specialized furnace he had found in Obi-Wan Kenobi's house. The way he had meditated for days on end with the crystal to infuse his force signature and personality into it, the way it turned green. It was different with Adegan and any other naturally grown crystal, those already had a connection to the force and were ready for a Jedi's force signature and personality imprint that would change the color. However, apparently even with crystals it was still tricky to get everything just right with a lightsaber. Sitting on his floor, he laid out the five pieces and all the bolts and springs with the crystal in the middle of it all. Closing his eyes, he held his hands together and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath as he allowed the force to flow through him freely. He felt a gust almost, and knew the parts were all suspended in the air. In his mind's eye, he imagined the way he wanted them to all click together. His heart beating in his chest frantically, he tried to calm himself as he willed the force to move the pieces together. He had to do this, he had to do this and then go and find C-3PO and bring his uncle back to his mother. "Do. Or do not. There is no try." His uncle's words quoting Yoda echoed in his mind as he meditated, the pieces swirling around Ben as they began to click together in some way or another. The force flared up inside of him, a strong burst of light spreading through him. It was warm and reminded him of the days he spent lounging in the sun as a child. It reminded him of the hugs he received from his mother and father. It reminded him of happiness. Most of all, it reminded him why he was with the Resistance. Why he escaped from the Order. Because it was the right thing, and because this was the only way he'd be happy. Surrounded by friends and family who cared about him. They might be a bit forward about it, but he was loved, there was no doubt in his mind. Allowing his eyes to open, he swallowed thickly when he saw the sleek silver metal cylinder all put together. Grabbing it out of the air, he held it and felt as the power hummed within it. It felt more...right that his old one. His previous Sith blade had been created using a cracked synthetic crystal that released far too much explosive power, controlled with the two vents on the side that created the mini lightsabers that looked like the hilt of a sword. This one, though, hummed with a mixture that spoke of being predominantly light, but still held some darkness. Just like him. Allowing himself to crack a smile, Ben held the saber in front of him and released the blade. With an all too familiar sound it came to life, blasting out of the chamber with power and grace. It was just as long as his former saber, though it was much smoother around the edges and less jagged. The blade curved off at the end, creating a truly superior blade to Ben's old one. Maybe he was biased, but this was a creation of much hard work and much pain. Ben had the right to be proud. Sighing, he looked down at the cylindrical object in his hands, humming with power, and quickly rushed over to his closet. Hiding it in the top shelf, at the very back, he closed the door with a mental promise to be back as soon as possible. Right now, though, he had a droid to find and a promise to keep. He found the droid in the heart of the Resistance base, surrounded by computers and technology. He was their 'spy master', his mother had explained awhile back. He tracked all the droids under his command all through the galaxy and kept tabs on the First Order. Approaching the golden droid, Ben coughed awkwardly to attract his attention. "Ah, Master Solo-Organa! How may I help you?" Ben smiled tightly at being addressed so formally before diving right in, "I was wondering...I was wondering where R2-D2 was?" The droids mood seemed to dampen as he walked over to Ben, "Ah, I'm sorry master Ben but R2-D2 has been in hibernation mode ever since Master Luke left. He has refused to activate again." "Well..." Ben swallowed, realizing he was to blame for yet another persons pain, "Could I try to get him to reactivate?" "I'm afraid it would be for naught, Master Solo-Organa. Even Master Han and General Leia have tried and failed. I do not believe anyone can awaken him at this point." Ben looked away and took a deep breath, "Can I...Can I see him at least? I miss him from when I was...younger." The droid moved an arm so it face the left, "This way, then, Master Solo-Organa." "Please, call me Ben." He ducked his head as C-3PO led him to the droid in hibernation. "Of course, Master Ben." They turned the corner and there, in a dimly lit hallway, sat R2-D2. No cobwebs or dust surrounded him, and Ben had the sneaking suspicion that it was because of C-3PO. Despite how much the protocol droid denied it, he knew the two had always been close and it was upsetting to see them be torn apart. C-3PO didn't enter the hallway, giving a quick line about needing to get back to work, leaving Ben by himself with the hibernating droid. "Hey." Ben crouched beside the unresponsive astromech droid, "R2 we need the rest of that map. We need you." Nothing. Sighing, Ben though back on what his grandfather had said. Tell him Ani sent you. "R2, listen." Ben placed a hand on the droid, "My grandfather told me to wake you. Ani, Ani and Padmé, they said you needed to wake up. You need to help us find Uncle Luke." Again, nothing. The droid sat there, still and cold, unmoving. Ben sighed, running a hand through his hair as he though. Removing his hand from R2, he moved to one of the droid's legs and lightly shook him. "Ani sent me to tell you to wake up. Anakin and Padmé, my grandparents, you knew them R2. They need you to wake up to find Luke." For a moment he thought the droid would remain unresponsive when the lights, slowly and one by one, began to light up once more. The droid made and upset noise, angry at Ben for shaking him, but Ben could only laugh as relief filled him. Patting the droid, he hopped up and motioned for R2 to follow him. "C'mon! We've gotta tell C-3PO!" The golden droid had nearly passed out, if that were possible, when Ben rushed into the room followed by R2-D2. General Organa was immediately called, being told they now had access to important information, and when she and Han, followed by Rey and Finn and goddamned Poe, saw Ben standing there with the previously hibernated droid she just stopped and stared. "Why am I honestly surprised by anything you manage to do anymore." Han shook his head, going over and giving his son a hug. "How do you know it was me?" "It's always you, Ben." Leia shook her head, smiling, before she turned to Poe, "Now let's get that little BB-8 unit in here so we can fit this map together and bring my stupid brother home." Ben smiled at his mothers words before Poe grabbed him by the hand, causing Ben to blink, "What're you doing?" The pilot just smiled back at him, "We're going to get BB-8!" Ben relented, allowing himself to be dragged to get the smaller droid with a small smile. Chapter 14 : Facing Past Mistakes Summary: "I really missed you this past month." Poe smiled shyly, chuckling as his cheeks turned a shade darker. Ben worked the words around in his head and, biting his lip, he responded, "I...missed you too, I suppose." Notes: Shameless fluff I'm not even sorry. Cause I'm a lost river that'll never reach the sea When you're not here with me, when you're gone I'm sick to my bones, I don't feel natural Without you I'm not whole, when you're gone The map was connected and they knew where the infamous Luke Skywalker was. Honestly, Ben was terrified at the thought of seeing his uncle again. He didn't think he could bear the shame, especially since his mother wanted him and Rey to be the ones to lead the mission. Han and Chewie were supposed to take them on the Falcon, Poe and Finn being a supporting crew but in the end it was up to Rey and Ben. The two 'Jedi' of the base, if they could be called that. Ben was a former Sith turned to the light, and Rey was just a scavenger from Jakku with much more talent than she ever thought of having. It was crazy that those two, of all people, could lead a mission. But they had to. After the meeting was over, his parent's barricaded themselves in a room with a bunch of officials to work out the rest of the details regarding the mission. Honestly, Ben didn't know what details there were to work out but he wasn't complaining. Especially when Poe came over and offered to walk him back to his room. It was a sweet sentiment, really, and Ben hadn't forgotten the promise he'd made to hang out with the pilot earlier. With how well the other man was taking Ben's moody nature, the force user almost owed it to Poe to be around for a little while. So the two of them took off, no one stopping them when they left, and sometime along their trek Poe found Ben's hand once more like he had earlier. Ben wasn't going to complain about that, either. "Well, I'll be going now." Poe smiled tightly when he dropped Ben off at the door and reluctantly dropped his hand, "See you later." Feeling his face scrunch up, Ben reached out and grabbed the hand once more, "You can come in, you know? I mean, unless you don't want to then you can-" "Yeah!" Poe nodded, "Yeah, I'd like to come in, I think." "Okay, good!" The former Sith turned the door knob, entering his room with the pilot close behind him. Honestly, he should've thought this thought more. Spare metal parts hung around the room, and Ben's mat was still unrolled on the hard floor from where he had been meditating earlier. Covers and blankets and pillows were thrown all over his bed, a few of those on the floor as well, and Ben's closet door was open just like he ha left it which displayed the few cloths he had messily slung on hangers. Of course Poe would ask questions, it was Poe and Ben almost expected it, especially when he used to be part of a crazy, clean freak Order. Yeah, questions would be asked. Probably not answered, but they'd still be asked. "Whoa!" Poe whistled, "Looks like a bomb went off in here!" Swallowing, Ben nodded, "Yeah. I've been...tinkering, I guess." "I can see that." Poe squatted down to look at the metal pieces, "These look bent to hell and back. How'd you manage that with normal equipment?" "Force." Ben glanced at the closet, knowing what was in there. He wondered if he could trust Poe with that information. Sure, the pilot was his friend, but who's to say he wouldn't run and tell Ben's mother or Rey or anyone else? If word got out and reached other high up resistance officials, not only would Ben be in big trouble but his mother would probably get some shit too. Fiddling with the objects on his desk, he watched as Poe surveyed the room in confusion, his eye specifically catching on the mat on the floor. "I've been meditating." Ben laced his finger together, "It helps with everything. Keeps everything under control. It's peaceful, you know?" Poe smiled a bit, "Yeah, sounds like it. Where'd you get the mat?" "Asked the droids in the infirmary for one. Not my brightest idea as the could've told my mom but..." "I'm pretty sure General Organa would be over the moon if she knew you were doing Jedi-y stuff again." The pilot rolled his eyes, going over to nudge Ben on the shoulder, "I'm kinda happy too. You seem...more at ease. It's kinda relaxing, being around you know." Ben sighed, "Look, if I tell you something you won't tell anyone , right>?" "You have to contradict me on everything, don't you?" Poe groaned, "Right when I say it's peaceful being-" "Poe." The man sighed, "Yeah, I promise." Scurrying over to the closet, Ben gripped his newly made lightsaber and brought it out for Poe to see. The pilots eyes turned gigantic when he saw it, and when he held his hand out for a closer look Ben hesitantly handed it over. "I can't believe Rey let you borrow this!" Poe exclaimed before his mood instantly dropped, "You...you didn't steal it, did you?" "What? No!" Ben yelped, indignant, "I'll have you know that is my lightsaber!" "How?" Poe looked down at it confused, "When did you get permission...?" "I didn't." The force user sighed, "Remember when I left the base for a couple hours? I was hunting for a crystal and I found one. I found mine. This...this is my lightsaber." "I thought the red one with the little mini lightsabers was yours?" Poe looked up at him confused, "How can you just...make a new one?" "That lightsaber was never really...mine. Snoke provided a synthetic, dark crystal. He said...creating a lightsaber would be too similar to the Jedi as all padawans make their own lightsabers. The stone in the red saber was cracked, too powerful, not mine. It didn't...it wasn't me. It wasn't my crystal, my saber. This one is, Poe. I-I found the crystal, hunted it down, it was in some cave a few hours out. I meditated on this, I worked for it. This is mine in a way the other never was." Poe saw the sincerity in his face and calmed slightly, "So...you swear the blade isn't red?" Ben held his hand out, requesting the lightsaber back. Poe complied, handing back to the force user, and Ben immediately turned so the pilot was not in the line of fire. He then activated the saber, the purple blade of light erupting from the handle immediately with a crackling noise. Poe watched, nearly mystified, as Ben handled the light blade with great ease and grace. He seemed almost more comfortable with it than the old red one Poe remembered. His style as he slashed the blade a few times, very careful not to hit anything, were the same as from Poe's memory but it seemed much more fluid, like it all flowed together. "Purple?" Poe asked, "I thought Jedi lightsabers were always blue and green." The force user seemed affronted, "No, actually. Blue, green, and yellow were originally the traditional lightsaber colors for Jedi. Yellow and orange rose in popularity, as well. Sith traditionally use synthetic crystals, ones that are not grown like the one used to make this saber was. They implant their energy into to synth crystal, which causes the red coloring which is not found in normally grown stones. Uncle Luke had used a synth crystal, but his turned green due to his light energy." "But...what about purple?" Poe pressed, curious for more information. "I don't...know exactly." Ben shifted on his feet, "They weren't very popular, Uncle Luke never spoke of purple sabers before. I'm unsure what it means." The pilot bounced on his feet before smiling, "Well it's sort of a light purple, you know? More lilac than purple really. So that has to be a good thing!" "Please." Ben sighed, "Please don't ever call my lightsaber lilac again." "Just trying to help!" Poe put his hand up defensively with a smile. Ben deactivated his saber and set it down on his desk, crossing his arms over his chest as he smiled slightly, "I know. I appreciate it." Poe leaned closer, "I wonder what you'd look like with a full on smile?" Tilting his head, Ben raised an eyebrow, "What?" "You know." Poe grinned, poking him in the side which made Ben recoil, "A full on smile. Teeth, dimples, everything!" "How do you know about the dimples?" Ben looked at the pilot in shock, eyes wide. "I kinda saw 'em the first day you sat with us. Only a little though." Poe's smile grew, "I'd really like to see them more! You seem happier when you smile!" Ben sighed, squinting his eyes a bit as he looked down, "Honestly I don't think I deserve to be able to smile." Now it was the pilots turn to seem offended, "Of course you do!" They stood there, silent, until Poe grinned more mischievously and leaned in. Placing a chaste kiss to Ben's cheek, he held his lips there for a moment as he felt Ben freeze up. Poe withdrew and, seeing the shock and panic in Ben's features, he instantly regretted it. This guy had been abused sexually and physically by the First Order for years, what was he thinking? Grimacing, Poe felt his heart shrivel a bit as he saw the vacant look in Ben's eyes. "Listen, I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking-" One blink, two blink, and then Ben was back. His eyes focused on Poe as the pilot tried to apologize before he shook his head, "No, no. I was just...a bit shocked." "So...can I do it again?" Poe raised his eyebrows, blinking at the younger man before him. "Um, well, yes I suppose just don't make it a habit-" He was cut off by a kiss, just time this time it wasn't on his cheek. Ben let out a shaky breath as Poe pulled away, "I have a feeling you're going to make it a habit anyways." "You are very correct." Chapter 15 : The Maybe Possibly Highly Likely Future Padawan? Summary: There was a knock on the door and Ben's head shot up before it sung open. None other than Han Solo himself strode into the room, freezing in place when he saw his son and Poe Dameron in bed together, Ben on the pilots lap. Poe's eyes widened to extreme proportions as Ben just dropped his head onto the pilots shoulder to avoid looking his father in the eye. Han narrowed his eyes until they were little more than slits and practically glowered at Poe. Notes: Mission for Luke Part 1 is complete! Time can never break your heart But It'll take the pain away Right now our future's certain I won't let it fade away The mission was to begin as soon as possible, Leia told them all. They needed to keep their advantage over the First Order. So everyone piled into the Falcon, Rey absolutely ecstatic as they were off to find her future Jedi master and Ben positively ill as they were off to find the Jedi master he had betrayed. Han and Chewie were in the pilot's and co-pilot's chairs as always, Han smiling as they took off from the Resistance base and headed towards his best friend. Rey was pouncing around them both, watching in awe as she never got tired of watching the one and only Han Solo pilot the Millennium Falcon. When Ben heard of this hero worship, he rolled his eyes and told her not to make his father's ego any larger. Hand simply rolled his eyes at his son and told him that there was a reason behind his ego. Needless to say, Ben digressed. However, he didn't have much time to tear down his father's ego. He spent most of his time in his room, dreading this mission and everything about it. This was really the, ah, moment of truth as Rey had phrased it. Honestly he expected his uncle to throw him off a cliff before he forgave him, but who knew? Maybe a miracle would happen. Whenever he started getting too upset, Poe would always show up and soon it wasn't even when Ben was sad that he showed up. The pilot had basically abandoned his own room for everything except sleeping. "I really missed you this past month." Poe sighed into Ben's shoulder as they lay on the bed, staring at the ceiling. Ben had his head tucked into Poe's shoulder, the pilot having an arm wrapped around him which the force user didn't mind one bit. Poe hid his face in Ben's shoulder, taking in the scent of mint shampoo that rolled off the younger man in waves. Shifting their position so he could look Poe in the face, Ben blinked when he saw sadness in the pilots face. He had actually wanted Ben's presence despite him being a total nutcase who was supposed to be on prescriptions. Speaking of the pills, he still hadn't spilled on that one. Ben would very much like to enjoy the cuddling before Poe got mad again. No, he didn't care that it was underhanded and deceitful. Poe was warm. "You've already said that. Also, I'm sorry." Ben wiggled in the man's arms, "I thought you wouldn't want me around after...all that." The other man snorted, "If I can accept you after Kylo Ren , I think I can deal with anything. Besides you...you came to your senses. I didn't think you would, but you did, and you did what was best for you by taking the pills. I'm really happy you did because...I think they've worked." Well, so much for not bringing up the whole prescription thing. Ben huffed, moving to get up, "Move, my arm is falling asleep." Eyebrows creased, Poe sat up and watched as Ben attempted to move his arm to restart the circulation and stop the stinging, "Something wrong?" Ben sighed, "You won't be mad?" "What'd you do?" Poe groaned, "And does this have to be kept a secret as well?" "Nothing too bad, and yes it does." Ben shifted on the bed and looked away from Poe, "The night we had that argument I flushed the entire month's worth of pills down the toilet. I did the same with this month's shipment." Wide, brown eyes stared at Ben, "What do you mean? You never...you never took the medication?" Taking a deep breath, the force user closed his eyes and nodded, "I didn't want to be medicated. I wanted to fix myself. I-you have to understand why I did it. I wanted to be the one to get my life back together, not some 80 milligram tablets designed to...to..." He opened his eyes when he felt warm arms grab him at the waist gently, Poe was gentle with everything he did regarding Ben, and soon the former Sith found himself basically sitting in Poe's lap as the other man hugged him tightly. Letting out a shuddering sigh, Ben wrapped his arms around Poe as well as the other man rested his head on Ben's shoulder. Blinking, the General's son felt stupid, stupid tears seep into the corners of his eyes as relief flushed through him. He hated fighting with Poe, honestly, and he hadn't been looking forward to a shouting match. Rubbing his eyes on Poe's shoulder, he hoped he would be subtle but gave up when he saw the wet spot appear on the grey cloth from his tears. "Hey." Poe gently pulled back, cupping Ben's face in rough but kind hands, "Don't cry. Okay? There's nothing to cry about. I'm sorry I...underestimated you. I should've respected your decision about the pills, but I was scared you'd loose your mind and get locked up. I should've known better, and no one will find out okay?" Rolling his eyes, Ben chuckled mirthlessly, "Why are you so damn nice? It makes me want to punch you, or kiss you. Honestly I can't decide most of the time." Poe leaned in close to Ben's face, grip tightening on his waist, "Could I help sway your decision?" Swallowing, Ben smirked dangerously, "You can try." The pilot didn't respond but instead pulled Ben completely flush against his, closing all gaps and capturing the dark haired man's lips with his own. The younger man wiggled on his lap, groaning as Poe's teeth lightly brushed his lips. They stayed like that, lip locked and hugging, for quite some time before Poe pulled away. Panting, a somewhat dazed and starry eyed Ben looked at the pilot with wide, dark eyes. "So? Punch or kiss?" "I think I'm still leaning towards punch." Ben's lips, red from kissing, curled into a smile. "There!" Poe smiled, looking like a little kid who just got a present, "There they are! The dimples! I love the dimples!" Ben dropped the smile and huffed, hiding his head in Poe's shoulder, "I hate you." "I know." Poe grinned, leaning in to kiss the other man once more. There was a knock on the door and Ben's head shot up before it sung open. None other than Han Solo himself strode into the room, freezing in place when he saw his son and Poe Dameron in bed together, Ben on the pilots lap. Poe's eyes widened to extreme proportions as Ben just dropped his head onto the pilots shoulder to avoid looking his father in the eye. Han narrowed his eyes until they were little more than slits and practically glowered at Poe. "We're coming up on Ahch-To. We'll arrive in about twenty minutes." Han pursed his lips, sending a concerned glance at his son. "Yeah, okay." Ben's voice was muffled by Poe's shoulder, "We'll be out." "Ben-" Han began, cautiously stepping forward. "Dad." The force user looked up with a blush, eyes pleading, "Please." The father of one left with a careful glance at Ben and a slightly angry glare at Poe. The former Sith turned to the pilot once his father closed the door, expression pinched as he shook his head. Almost to Ahch-To, almost to Luke, almost to Ben's doom. Poe glanced down at the smaller man on his lap, lips turning into a frown. Leaning down, the pilot pressed their foreheads together and Poe brushed unruly dark hair out of the way in the process. "I don't need your pity, you know." Ben's voice was quiet, "I must own up to my sins one day." Poe huffed out a laugh, "Good, cause I'm not giving any pity today. You kind of deserve it if he punches you in the face. But...I don't think he will. He'll forgive you, I'm sure. So...calm down." "Well today will be your lucky day. Although I think he might skip the fist and go straight for the lightsaber. Let's hope he misses any fatal spots, shall we?" Ben gave a cynical eye roll, "Today will not be a day for forgiveness, I'm afraid." "Do you forgive him?" Poe asked quietly, "I know you used to hold quite the grudge." "Yes. In truth I forgave him a long time ago. He tried, just like my parents did, I simply did not pay attention." Poe hugged him tightly around the waist once more and kissed his nose, enjoying the way it scrunched up, "Then everything will be fine. You've forgiven him, he'll forgive you. It just might take time." Ben's lips twitched and the former Sith leaned forward and kissed Poe, "You're too...forgiving. I must say I'm glad you are though." Chapter 16 : No More Fighting Summary: "I will not fight you." Luke didn't turn around, "I will not fight you, or whoever you brought with you." Ben's heart sank. He had hoped his uncle would be able to tell, had hoped Luke would know he was with the light. He must have felt Rey's soul, she was bursting with light and happiness though right now she just stared at Ben with sadness and pity. He didn't want it, didn't want her pity. He brought this on himself. "Well that's good because I didn't really come prepared for a fight." There were times his sarcasm reminded him of his father, and it was honestly a bit frightening. Notes: Because this is ten years behind TFA, Luke looks a bit younger. He doesn't have a full on beard and isn't as much of an old man in looks because of it. He's only been on Ahch-To for three or four years so he hasn't gone full hermit yet. Mission for Luke part 2 + more horrifying revelations about Ben's past and abuse! I hate writing this, it just makes me cry. The bitter pill I swallow The scars souvenir That tattoo, your last bruise This impossible year The Millennium Falcon landed on Ahch-To twenty minutes later as planned. Rey and Ben prepared to depart, Han and the rest of their makeshift crew staying on board the Falcon incase they needed a speedy get away. They shouldn't, as far as they knew Luke was the only person on this obscure planet but there was always a possibility there was an unknown foe. The two force sensitives departed, Ben in the lead as he could feel his Uncle's force signature. It was on top of the mountain, strong and sad, and so the two began their trek up. Climbing the crumbling stairs, occasionally stopping to drink and eat the food they had put in their packs. "Are you excited?" Rey spoke from behind him as they struggled up the stairs, "He's your uncle, after all." Ben paused, nearly loosing his footing, "He doesn't want to see me." "Why?" He could hear the confusion in her voice, "If I had family I'd never not want to see them!" "Have you ever done something so horrible..." Ben stared at his feet as they walked, "So horrible that you don't think you can recover from it? You wonder how people could possibly look at you the same?" Her voice was quiet, "No. I can't say I have." "I'm assuming my father told you about the Jedi Massacre?" Ben stopped and turned around, "It was my fault." "You killed them?" Her eyes widened, horrified, "You killed all the younglings?" "No." Ben sighed, "The Knights of Ren did. I was tasked with killing Luke Skywalker himself, but I couldn't. I was scared and didn't want to hurt my uncle, so I ran away. Snoke was angry but...I couldn't have lived with myself if I had killed him." "I'm sure he understands the way Snoke tempted you." Rey put a hand on his shoulder, "I'm sure he felt that you're not all dark, that you have light in you." Ben laughed bitterly, "They all knew how Snoke tempted me. My mother took great care to keep me away, but he always found some way to torment me. He has ever since I could remember. Not now, though. I'm too strong now. I have mental walls, ones he can't break through when I'm not right in front of him." "What would you do?" Rey asked, "If you...saw them again? That General, and Snoke, what would you do?" She didn't know about the rape, the abuse. Ben shut his eyes and sneered, "I'd kill them," "Could you?" Rey looked at him curiously as he opened his eyes, "You worked alongside them for so long. Could you bring yourself to kill them." Ben's hands shook in anger and he gave a sharp nod, "If I had the chance, any chance, one that would not put my parents or the resistance in harms way...I would kill them. No hesitation." Things were silent after that as they continued up the mountain that housed the first Jedi Temple. They were nearly the top of the mountain when Ben stopped Rey, pointing to a ledge that hung over one of the many oceans on this planet. Tugging her towards it, he felt his heart beating fast and he felt like he was shaking. He was scared, more scared than he's been in a long time, and he tried to prepared himself for the worst. If his Uncle hated him, wanted him dead, he would accept it. That's all he could do. As long as they brought Luke back to Leia, as long as they brought the last Jedi back to train Rey, that's all that mattered. Ben didn't expect anything from the man, didn't expect forgiveness or training or any of that despite Poe's beliefs. He'll be happy if he walks away uninjured. They approached the ledge and, as they did, they saw a figure standing at the edge. A dirty, worn brown cape with the hood up. Stiff posture. Ben knew this was him without a doubt. He exhaled, ignoring the concerned look Rey have him and instead pushed forward through the brush and the plants to inch towards his estranged uncle. Surely he wouldn't pull his lightsaber immediately, right? Luke was a Jedi after all. Even if he did as long as Ben kept himself and Rey out of range, they'd be fine. Luke surely wouldn't force choke or push him, right? All of a sudden he was there, his uncle ten feet in front of him, and Ben's heart nearly exploded. "I will not fight you." Luke didn't turn around, "I will not fight you, or whoever you brought with you." Ben's heart sank and lifted at the same time when his uncle spoke. He wanted to cry because he hadn't heard that voice for so long, since his childhood, and it had always been a source of good memories. Though he had hoped his uncle would be able to tell, had hoped Luke would know he was with the light. He must have felt Rey's soul, she was bursting with light and happiness though right now she just stared at Ben with sadness and pity. He didn't want it, didn't want her pity. He brought this on himself. "Well that's good because I didn't really come prepared for a fight. I don't really think Rey wants to get into a brawl, either." There were times his sarcasm reminded him of his father, and it was honestly a bit frightening. His uncle turned now, removing the brown hood and he looked exactly like Ben remembered, maybe a few more wrinkles but his face was mostly untouched with age. It had only been three or four years, but that seemed like such a long time. A long time to be alone on some abandoned world, alone with nothing but ruins. A long time to be alone with the people you hate most, abused and hated and doing things you never wanted to. It had been a rough four years for them both, he imagined. Luke's blue eyes stared at them with sadness, his blonde hair longer than Ben remembered. He seemed confused, as to why they were here or as to why Ben wasn't trying to kill him with a red lightsaber already. Ben slowly approached his Uncle, Rey behind him inching along cautiously. Slowly Ben reached inside the brown leather coat he had been given by his father and pulled out the saber he had made, hands shaking as he prepared to activate it. He heard Rey's shocked gasp, worry in her eyes as she looked at him in surprise. He saw his uncles eyes harden as Ben did exactly what was expected of a Sith. Pull out that traditional red lightsaber and fight first, talk later. Except that didn't happen. Ben simply held it straight up, not in any fighting stance, and willed his saber to come alive. They watched with bated breath, and when the lilac blade of light shot up Rey let out a noise of relief and Luke one of confusion. Ben swallowed, deactivating the saber and attaching it to his belt. Luke surveyed him once more with reservation, eyes half lit up with hope now. "You have...changed." The Jedi master spoke, "You aren't..." "Kylo Ren?" Ben's voice was thick with shame, "No. I'm not. I'm Ben Solo, son of Leia Organa-Solo and Han Solo. Nephew of Luke Skywalker." Chapter 17 : My Heart Which Is Yours Summary: "Are you sure? Ben, I don't..." "Yeah, yes, I just-Poe, please." Notes: Note the change in rating + Solo family feels coming up! I'll take you higher, take you high I can make you come alive Open your eyes, change your mind I'll take you higher, take you high It was silent on the way back to the ship. Rey lingered behind the two relatives, not wanting to intrude, and Ben tried to speak but any words failed him. His uncle, his uncle who he had betrayed and tried to kill, was here next to him. After the scene at the cliff, Rey had taken over the conversation and quickly explained what was going on to the Jedi Master. Still, Ben could see Luke had questions for him. Questions he wasn't entirely ready for because, even with his newfound sanity, the memories of the First Order still made him want to wretch. The dreams were far few and in between nowadays, but occasionally they woke him up in a cold sweat. He screamed, and cried, and fought invisible enemies until he realized where he was. Luke would surely ask questions regarding why he left, and he honestly wasn't ready for another Solo-Skywalker family therapy session. As soon as they reached the ship, Han practically flew off the Falcon and grabbed Luke into a hug. It was endearing, Rey was smiling widely the whole times and Finn and Poe even had small grins curling their lips. The two old friends embraced like exactly what they were; brothers who had been reunited after four years. It hurt Ben's heart to know he was the reason that they had been separated, but soon he didn't have to watch anymore as the two men retreated into the Falcon for what Ben assumed would be an emotional reunion with Chewie. Rey and Finn retreated back into the ship to prepare for takeoff. Ben stood there for a few moments, trying to calm the ache in his heart, and the only thing that finally stamped it out was the warm hand that cupped his face. He looked up to see Poe smiling down at him, "Are you okay?" Nodding roughly, Ben licked his lips, "Yes. I mean, I'm..." "C'mon." Poe wrapped an arm around the smaller man, "They're about to take off. Don't think we want to get left here, huh?" The warm weight remained on Ben's shoulders as they walked through the falcon to Ben's room. He was tired, really tired, but the former Sith had grown used to the feeling. He had grown used to a lot of unpleasant things; the guilt, the pain, that sinking feeling that always accompanied both. He dealt with it, though, because when it came down to facts he could not dispute that he had brought it upon himself. He could hear Han and Luke down the hallway, and he pressed closer to Poe and allowed the pilot to guide them to the force user's room. Needless to say, Ben completely missed the part where Han dragged Luke to the edge of the hallway to watch the two unseen. Han was glaring daggers at the couple as they retreated back to Ben's room, while Luke just had an amused smile on his face. "Do you see what I mean? Fucking flyboy..." Han grumbled, still scowling. Luke let out a small laugh, "Um, aren't you a flyboy?" "That's besides the point!" The older pilot snapped, "That...that Poe is stealing my son!" "I think you're overreacting. Besides, having someone he's close to besides family might help him." "Not after what he went through under the control of those First Order bastards!" Han practically growled, anger and sadness in his eyes as he remembered his sons breakdown. "Wait." Luke gave him a sideways glance, curiosity in his eyes, "What...?" Han sighed, "I think you two have a lot to talk about. It's not my place to bring it up, and I'd honestly prefer you did it when we get back to the base so Leia can be there. She's over protective even more so, and I don't want her to throttle me for letting you make Ben cry." "I doubt I'd make him cry." Luke frowned, following Han back to where Chewbacca was, "I'm not upset with him anymore. Just...really disappointed." "Like I said before, you two have a lot to talk about." Poe opened the door for him, both of them entering the room silently. Ben sat himself down on the bed, headache already forming as he imagined the family reunion his mother would insist upon when the reached the Base. He felt a weight beside him, warm and solid, and arms wrapped around him gently. Allowing himself to sink into Poe's chest, he closed his eyes and tried to calm his mind that was going at light speed. Poe leaned down to rest his chin on Ben's shoulder, lightly kissing Ben's neck as his arms moved from the force users shoulders to his waist. Ben shifted, he and Poe sat on the bed in a similar fashion to earlier in that day. "We'll reach home in around seven hours." Poe's voice was right next to his ear, "You should probably get some sleep before then. I have a feeling things will be busy for you once we get back." Ben shook his head, "I don't know. I mean, I'm sure Luke will teach Rey but I don't think he wants anything to do with me." "I'm sure that's not true." The pilot frowned, "You're his nephew." "His nephew that betrayed him." Ben pushed his hair out of his eyes, "I even showed him my lightsaber. He's still...angry. I can tell. I mean, I deserve it and I understand but it hurts. I feel guilty and angry and I meditate on it but it always comes back. I'm scared it will grow into something more." "It won't." Though Poe's voice was quiet, the words were fierce, "I won't let it." Ben broke away, turning so that he was still on Poe's lap but their chests were nearly pressed together and they were face to face, "I won't let it either." "Good." Poe leaned in so their face almost touched, "I really...I like you." Lips stretching into a wide smile, on of the few that graced Ben's face, the force user let out a huff of amusement, "Yeah. I'd kind of gathered that by now." "No." Poe pressed their foreheads together, "I mean I think I love you." "I know." The smile stayed on Ben's face as Poe leaned in to kiss him with a matching one. It was awkward, kissing when you were both smiling so wide your teeth showed. Poe pulled back once, laughing, before he gently laid Ben down on the bed and hovered over him. Ben leaned up once more, kissing him hard as his legs wrapped around Poe's waist and his arms rested on the pilot's shoulders. Moaning into the kiss, Poe let himself fall back so that Ben was on top, still wrapped around the pilot. Ben untangled himself, scrambling off Poe and over to the door, leaving the pilot to look at him in dismay. "Sorry." The force user was breathless, "Had to lock the door." Poe laughed then, harder than he should of, as he imagined his death at the hands of Han Solo is the man walked in to see him doing not so pure things to his son. Ben laughed too, those quiet and soft laughs he was known for, and he quickly pounced on Poe once more. Poe smiled, grabbing him by the waist and pulling their bodies flush to each other. It was hard not to laugh as their noses bumped together during the kiss, smiled appearing once more as Ben tangled his fingers into Poe's hair. Eventually the pilot pulled away from this kiss, moving down Ben's long neck and enjoying the moans of the younger man as he sucked and kissed the soft skin there. "Oh, maker." Ben held Poe's head in a particular spot by his neck, "Fuck, can you-? Poe, shit, I..." Poe looked at him with wide, worried eyes, "Are you sure? Ben, I don't..." "Yeah, yes, I just-Poe, please." The dark haired man breathed out, his face flushed and lips an inappropriate shade of red. "Okay, okay." Poe let go of Ben and let the man lay against the bed, "I don't really...uhm...this is my first time." Ben bit his lip, looking away, "I don't have experience with...anything gentle." Poe leaned down and kissed his nose, making the other roll his eyes, "Do you have any...I don't know...lotion? Oil?" "I think there's lotion in the bathroom." Ben jerked his head towards the door, "Do you want to get it or?" "Yeah." Poe kissed his again, "Be right back. Don't go anywhere." As the man disappeared into the bathroom, Ben snorted, "I doubt I'd wander around the ship like this." However Poe was soon back with the bottle and they were kissing and soon they were doing more than kissing. Poe pulled Ben's shirt and jacket off, Ben kicked his pants off, Poe nearly ripped his own shirt off before wiggling out of his pants. They pressed against each other laughing and kissing and this totally wasn't as sensual as they imagined it would be. Poe stayed on top, gently kissing down Ben's body before lathering his finger in lotion and gently working them into Ben. Before the force user knew it the fingers were gone and Poe was actually inside him and he was moaning and it was so much better than anything else. He had been scared, given his previous experiances, that he would panic or have a flashback but Poe washed every single worry away. "Ben!" Poe groaned into his neck before reaching his end with Ben quickly following suit, "Oh, maker, you're amazing." The man underneath the pilot laughed shortly, breath coming out in quick pants, "If I'm sore you're paying for it." Poe pecked him on the lips once, "If you're sore I'll do whatever you want me to, dear. Now go to sleep or you're going to be exhausted when we reach the base." As the pilot pulled the covers over them, Ben smirked, "Well I've already reached the base multiple times." Chocking, the pilot looked at him in exasperation before gathering Ben into his arms and laying down, "You're filthy." "Says the one who-" " Goodnight ." Chapter 18 : Medicate and Meditate Summary: It didn't take long for his mom to find out, even with Poe and Rey and Luke keeping their mouths shut. She walked in his room one day and, despite him thinking he deactivated the saber before he chucked it behind him, he hadn't. Now there was a giant hole in the wall and his mom was crying again. Notes: WARNING! Depictions of physical assault and mentions of sexual assault (it's not like porn though) halfway through the chapter! I'm not free, I asked forgiveness three times Same amount that I denied, I three-time mvp'ed this crime I'm afraid to tell you who I adore, won't tell you who I'm singing towards Metaphorically I'm a whore, and that's denial number four They'd been back for not much longer than an hour and Ben already wanted to swan dive off a cliff. His mother had practically tackled Luke when they got off the Falcon before dragging him off with Han following them with and amused expression. Honestly he had been relieved at the time, thankful for the small miracle that was his mother not grabbing him to take him along with them. When he sighed audibly in relief Poe had given him a look, but said nothing as Ben was sore and irritable from lack of sleep and stress. However, soon Poe was swept off as well, a gaggle of pilots surrounding him and separating him from Ben then whisking him away. As he was pulled by the group and asked questions, he sent a sort of pathetic look back at Ben, as if asking him to not be mad. So he was alone, or at least he thought he was alone. A small hand touched his arm, causing him to jump, "You okay, there? You looked pretty lost in thought." Rey stood there with an easy going smile on her face, and though she tried to hide it Ben could sense that she felt as though she were walking on eggshells. Most people who knew about him felt like that, including his own parents. Only Poe didn't feel like Ben was a bomb tick, tick, ticking just waiting to explode. Giving the most convincing smile he could at the moment, which wasn't very convincing considering his ass hurt and his anxiety levels were through the roof, he nodded. "Yeah, just eager to sleep in my own bed and maybe take a shower. I'm sore and it should help with that..." Despite the fact that the last part of his comment was just him talking to himself, he saw Rey's face morph into one of understanding, "I know what you mean. That mountain had far too many steps. It's enough to make anyone's back and calves hurt, right?" "Uh." Ben swallowed, smiling and trying his hardest to look convincing, "Yeah." She smiled once more before they said their goodbyes and Ben rushed himself off to his room. No need to stay around, he didn't know anybody outside of his parents and three person friend group, so there was really no need. He wouldn't be swept away and treated to a round of shots for his heroic deeds. He wouldn't sit around and laugh with his large group of friends about the 'good ole days' and wonder how time flew by so quickly. Hell, he wouldn't even get a pat on the back or two from comrades. No, Ben Solo would hole himself up in his room and probably forget to lock the door because he always does and play with lightsaber stances a bit. His new one was a lot more balanced, after all, and he needed to perfect his technique. It hurt like hell to run through drills, especially the crouching, for reasons Ben refrained from thinking about. Nevertheless he did it all, lilac saber blade shining the whole way through. It was late evening and his blinds covered the window, so the only light source was a small desk lamp and his lightsaber. The blade cast a somewhat foreboding light on the objects in his room, the purple light coming across as so light it looked nearly white. It reminded him far too much of the hospital room. Honestly, that place had made Ben hate the color white. As he moved, sparring with a nonexistent opponent, his shadow followed him in his endeavor to awkwardly leap around the object in his room and not break or burn anything. That would be awkward to explain. However, just when he thought he was getting back into the motion of things, his door swung open. Ben stopped, staring at it with wide but not so surprised eyes. Honestly, on this base, he could have no semblance of privacy. Non other than his mother herself walked into the room with his uncle behind her and, despite him thinking he deactivated the saber before he chucked it behind him, he hadn't. Now there was a giant hole in the wall and his mom was crying again. Luke just watched the events unfold with morbid curiosity, seeing the way Ben's face morphed into horror when he heard either his mothers crying or the sound of a lightsaber crashing into a wall. Or both. "Fuck." The younger force user sighed, "Seriously?" Leia frowned, going over to wrap her son in a tight embrace as tears still leaked from her eyes, "Damn it, Ben. When will you stop this?" "Stop what?" Ben spoke sheepishly, voice muffled by his mothers shoulder. "Surprising me." The generals voice was hard and watery at the same time, "I walk in one day and see you sleeping, then you start meditating, and now you've got a lightsaber? How did you even get that? Why didn't you speak to me about any of this?" Leia pulled back and frowned down at her son. "I knew you'd say no." The dark haired youth looked down at his feet like a scolded child, "And I made it, the lightsaber I mean." "What?" Leia narrowed her eyes, "You made it? But the crystal is purple and you're..." "Thank you!" Ben suddenly threw his hands in the air, "It's purple! Purple ! Not lilac or whatever Poe wants to call it! It's purple!" Leia pursed her lips, glancing behind at Luke to see him nod slightly and sighed, pulling her still ranting son into a hug, "I'm happy you're doing better Ben. I know it upset you but...I think the pills helped. I know I've seen a change and...so have others." Her smiled fell and she narrowed her eyes, "However, you and I are going to have a talk about getting clearance before running off and doing things!" His smiled was tense as his head rested on his mother shoulder, giving him a clear view of Luke, "Yeah the pills...really did something. And I'm, uh, sorry about not asking you first." The woman sighed, "I know, Ben. Now I'm going to go, I have a meeting but...Luke wanted to speak with you." She gave him a look that spoke a thousand words, saying she knew how Ben felt about speaking about his time in the First Order. Saying she'd send Luke away from his room and tell him not to bring it up if it made things easier. Saying she would protect him the best she could and that was pretty damn well if she did say so herself. Ben felt warmth rush into his chest, glad he had his mother back and glad she was willing to still be his mother and not just the general he took orders from. "It's fine." Ben swallowed, whispering though he knew Luke could hear them, "Have to get it over with sometime." Leia nodded, kissing him on the forehead and giving her brother a tight hug before she swept out of the room with all the grace of the princess she used to be. Ben was alone with the Jedi Master, with Luke Skywalker, with his uncle. He looked at the blonde man cautiously, some small part of his brain still absurdly wondering for his own physical health. Surely Luke wouldn't hurt him, not only was Ben his nephew but Luke was a Jedi... Ben took a small step back anyway. Luke noticed. The Jedi rubbed his temples, "So, before anything...what exactly did the pills do?" The younger force user bit his cheek, "Help with depression and PTSD." "What?" Luke's eyebrows shot up, "Really?" "No. They were supposed to, though." Luke's face pinched with something akin to worry but Ben didn't know if it was the fact that Ben had PTSD and depression or the fact that the pills didn't help that made the Jedi Master concerned, "What did they actually do?" "Clog my toilet." "Of course." The Jedi sighed, "Ben we need to have a talk. Leia and Han are...close lipped. They won't tell me anything." "You wouldn't understand." Ben sighed, "They didn't, and still don't, understand." "I felt immense pain from someone when I was away." Luke frowned, "I thought it was Leia." "Probably not." Ben pressed his lips into a thin, grim line, "If it started the day after I left then it was me." "The day after you left?" Luke's frown deepened, "So you were never-?" "Truly lost?" Sighing, Ben shook his head, "I wish I'd been." "I have to know what happened if I am going to train you, Ben." Luke's eyes narrowed, "I have to know what to teach you to keep the dark at bay." Eyes widening at the mention of training, Ben could hardly believe that his uncle would so willingly train him after all he'd done, "Training?" "Yes, training." Luke rubbed his temples, "I am disappointed in you, more than you could ever imagine, but I have long since gotten over my anger." Ben swallowed, disappointment rising in his chest along with relief. It was more than he expected, more than he deserved, but he hated that his uncle was no longer...well, his uncle. His family was broken once more all because of the stupid mistakes he made as a young teen. All because he was bitter and angry and gullible. Biting his lip, Ben nodded, "I expected you would be upset with me." "Yet searched for me anyways." Luke shifted on his feet, "I'm not going to lie to you. Before today, I though the next time I saw your face you would kill me or...I would kill you." "Well, I'm not going to lie to you, either. I thought when I got off that ship and found you you'd maim me before you realized my intentions. Or kill me." "Don't think your mother would be very happy with me." He got a far off look in his eyes, "She was very passionate is speaking to me before she even allowed me near your room. I am...unsure how much of her word I can take as truth. I think she might have...over exaggerated." "What did she say?" Ben's heart beat loud enough that it thumped in his ears. "To put it shortly she said you were not treated kindly in the First Order." "Oh." The dark haired young man swallowed, "Well that much is true." "I have to know what happened, Ben. If not as your teacher then your uncle." "The last time I spoke to someone about it they tried to put me on medication." Ben could feel his mouth twist, "Why do I bother telling anyone about it when they just twist what happened?" "You said your parent's didn't understand." Luke leaned against the table, nearly sitting on it, "Maybe I would." "Doubtful." "Try me." "Fine then." Huffing, Ben continued to give the Jedi the most vanilla version of events he possibly could, "They beat me sometimes. When I didn't do what they thought I should." Luke gave him a look, "I don't need the force to know you're lying." "Well, what do you want me to say?" The younger snapped, "My parents-at least they had my medical record. They knew when I told them...my mom knew. Dad it...well it needed to be explained a bit but I didn't have to say much. Here I'm just trying to tell you what happened and then I have to think about it and-!" "Let's start small then." Worry shone in blue eyes, "How often was sometimes." "A lot." At the look he received, Ben elaborated, "It varied sometimes. Anywhere between three to four times a week. It lessened as time went on and happened more often towards the end of my stay there but it...never really stopped." "Who was the one doing the beating?" "Snoke, other Knights, the General, stormtroopers. Anyone on the base, really." Face grim, Luke continued with the questions, "They hit you?" "Sometimes." Ben glanced away, "The other Knights would use lightsabers, and Snoke would use the force. Everyone else mostly hit." Ben began to clam up as Luke spoke, "Mostly?" Biting his cheek, Ben tried to calm himself down, he was on a Resistance base, he was fine, Poe was somewhere near, his parents were just down the hall, "They used other forms of punishment sometimes. L-like I said the knights used lightsabers. That was really only once or twice b-but it left awful scars. Other staff, they would hit or...use other forms of punishment. Snoke didn't care, as long as they didn't kill me they could do whatever. A lot of them took that and ran, so they began to...use me...early on." Eyes wide, Luke stared at him in disbelief, "Don't tell me you're saying what I think you are." "You always did catch on quicker than dad." Ben gave a somewhat hysterical, watery laugh, "It happened a lot. It was t-the most common form of p-punishment." "Ben." That was all Luke said, staring at his nephew with devastated eyes, "You should've come home!" "How could I? Before my dad showed up on Starkiller Base with a ship, I had no means of getting away! I couldn't use one of theirs, they would've tracked it and found me because the hell if I knew where any of you were and then it would've been much w-worse." "I'm sorry." "Don't be. It's my own damn fault." "No, Ben." Luke protested before Ben waved him off. "I'm just glad I'm here now and not with them . I'm just glad I managed to get my mom and dad back." Luke moved to lay a hand on Ben's shoulder, "You have an uncle as well, you know." Ben had been so proud of himself up until that point for not crying. However after those words were spoken the tears started to flow once more. Chapter 19 : Glimmer of Hope Summary: Horror coiled in his gut, worse than the regretful guilt and remorse, and he tried to move or run or anything but he couldn't. He was rooted to the spot, his throat closing in on itself as those cold, pale eyes stared at him. "You're just an apprentice, aren't you, Kylo?" The old name shook Ben to his core, and he hated it even more rolling off his abusers tounge, "Just a sorry little boy who tried to be something more than he is. Well, do you see where that has gotten you?" Notes: Hello again! Hope y'all enjoy this! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) So tell me how I'm gonna get past this wave to empty swimming pools Cause I just wanna be at the start of after loving you I plant my feet and I clench my teeth I can't outrun what's coming after me So tell me how I'm gonna get past this wave to empty swimming pools Ben was alone after his uncle left, tears still in his eyes as Luke left with an equally heavy heart. It had not been the conversation Ben had been imagining at all, Luke hadn't yelled or gotten angry once, well angry at Ben. So the young force user sat on his bed, his body still humming with the pain and sadness as it always did after speaking about his time in the First Order. He feared he would never get over that, it was just ingrained into his very being, but maybe he could get to the point that he didn't cry every time he spoke of it to someone. Sighing, he laid down in his bed, closing his eyes and trying to will away the headache that washed over his like water. Hopefully Poe would be done with whatever he was doing soon. Ben could use the company. He was alone, in an interrogation room on Starkiller base. Looking down at himself he saw he wore his former Knight of Ren attire, the black robes hanging off his frame sullenly. He could practically feel their weight dragging him down and smothering him, and he felt like he couldn't breath properly. He slammed his hand on the door to open it but it was locked, and when he raised his hand to try and use the Force to pull the metal apart he felt nothing. He was disconnected from the force, the was no pull or tug in his gut, he couldn't feel the energy around him or feel the life in the cold, metal base. "What is-?" Ben stopped himself short as the mechanical voice filled the air, sending shivers down his spine, "No." His hands flew up to his face, only to have the leather gloves he wore come into contact with something solid and distinctly no flesh like. Kneeling over to look at himself in one of the shiny metal plates on the walls, he saw the mask of Kylo Ren staring back at him. All of a sudden it felt like the walls were closing in, he was drowning in horror and disgust as he tried to push the button to release the mask from his face, but he couldn't. Giving up on mechanics, he tried just prying it from his head but that worked just as well as trying to force the door open. "Monster." Turning sharply around, he looked down and found a small girl staring up at him. She looked to be about seven or eight, dressed in the robes of a padawan. Red hair hung, dirty around her shoulders as she stared at him with brown eyes. Ben felt a jolt, the girl feeling familiar, but he couldn't place where her knew her from. "You're a monster." She spoke again, looking at him with anger in her eyes, "You killed us all. It's all your fault." Now he knew. He knew this girl, knew her very well. His first true sin had been the padawans he had allowed Snoke to kill, some as young as two or three, and this girl was one of the ones who almost got away. As he fled from his uncle, he exited the temple only to see her running impossibly fast from a knight. She fell, and soon the saber as red as her hair cut through her chest, leaving Ben to lock eyes with her. He had seen that hope light up her face, hope that he was there to save her. He had turned around and walked away, the rain not masking the sound of her horrified and scared sobs as she was slain by the knight. "I..." He cringed internally as the mechanized voice filled the air, masking his own stumbling speech, "I'm so sorry." "Then take off the mask, Ben." The tearful voice was behind him, sounding all too familiar for his tastes. He turned around slowly this time, dread spreading through every inch of his black cloaked body. Standing there was his mother, but younger and sadder. Her brown hair was pinned up in her signature two bun style, and her dress was from a time when she was still involved in the senate and their doings. Her eyes were red around the edges and tear marks tracked down her face, sending a piercing guilt all through Ben. "I tried...I can't..." He struggled to form the words, "I'm trying to, I want to-!" "If you really want to, you would ..." She looked disgusted, he nose crinkling and eyes darkening, "I see not my son, but a Sith." "Not even that." Another voice joined the fray, and turning around he saw that in the place of the little girl now stood a man that could bring him to his nears in fear. General Brendol Hux stood there with a sneer on his face, appraising Ben as though he were nothing but a slab of meat. Horror coiled in his gut, worse than the regretful guilt and remorse, and he tried to move or run or anything but he couldn't. He was rooted to the spot, his throat closing in on itself as those cold, pale eyes stared at him. "You're just an apprentice, aren't you, Kylo?" The old name shook Ben to his core, and he hated it even more rolling off his abusers tounge, "Just a sorry little boy who tried to be something more than he is. Well, do you see where that has gotten you?" The sneer and the laugh in his voice made Ben want to vomit, "N-no! You don't scare me." All of a sudden Hux was there, too close to him for comfort and reaching for his helmet shielded face, "I think I do, traitor. Huh, funny, now both sides of this war can call you that. What a delightful track record you have, my love." Jerking away, Ben managed to push himself backwards and fall into something hard and living. Arms circled around his waist, holding him steady on his feet as Ben fought to get away. A light laugh, less sinister that Hux's, filled the air and put Ben at ease immediately. Poe's voice had a habit of doing that, calming him down, and Ben was eternally grateful for the fact." "Calm down, there, sweetheart." Ben could hear the smile in his voice, "Shh, now, you know I've got you!" Letting out a shuddering breath, he looked and saw Hux was gone, faded away into nothing. Ripping himself regretfully from Poe's arms, he shook himself free and began to try and pry the mask off once more. He couldn't face Poe like this, with the mask sat cold and emotionless on his face. He couldn't face Poe, sweet and wonderful Poe, as the horror that Kylo Ren was. He felt a warm arm wrap around his waist once more, the other reaching up to remove his hands from trying to rip the mask from his head. Feeling hot tears of frustration well in his eyes, he wanted to scrub them away but hard plastic encased his face as though her were nothing but an emotionless First Order droid. "Hey, calm down, I've got you." The soft voice spoke in his ear, and the hand on his waist moved and the hand holding his wrist released him. He could feel pressure on the mask as Poe gripped it, and all of a sudden it was rising, releasing Ben from the suffocating hell. Gulping in fresh air, he spun around only to stop dead in his tracks. Poe stood there, seemingly unbothered by the gaping wound in his chest. It was already cauterized which led Ben to believe one thing; it was made by a lightsaber. "I've got you, even if you hurt me." His smile was subdued, like the pilot knew this would happen in the end. It broke Ben's heart. "Why do you hurt everyone?" His victim. "You're not my son." His mother. "As useless as ever, dear." His abuser. "Hey, don't worry about it. I'll get patched up, good as knew. You'll see." His safety. Poe coughed then, blood splattering onto his hand. Ben panicked, moving to help him when the pilot fell, going still and his chest began to bleed once more. Ben felt invisible hands pulling him away from his lover, forcing him to sit in the guise of a monster as he watched his pilot die. "No!" He tried to break free, but the invisible grasp wouldn't release him, "NO!" Poe sighed, opening the door to Ben's room and smiling slightly when he saw the younger sleeping face down as usual. He always teased the force user that he'd smother himself one day, but he didn't really worry about that anymore as the new usual sleeping position had Ben snuggling into Poe's chest as they slept. Taking the goggles from his head, Poe stripped himself of his flight uniform and made to get into his sleep clothes. The other pilots had insisted on going out for a celebratory flight, as was tradition, and Poe really did regret agreeing to it. That meant leaving Ben alone for long amounts of time, and honestly that never equated to anything good. Pulling the shirt over his head and yanking his sweatpants on, Poe threw the dirty flight suit in the hamper, he was sure Ben wouldn't mind, and tossed his goggles onto the desk that sat in the corner. "No!" Poe heard the muffled should and jumped about a foot in the air, "NO!" "Ben!" Poe turned around to see Ben now face up on the bed, kicking the covers off of himself, "Ben, stop, you're going to hurt yourself!" He could still hear Poe's voice telling him to stop struggling, but the tears were running down his face at a rapid speed as he watched the life drain from his pilot. He felt a hand grab his arm roughly, as he saw red hair and chilling eyes and he tried to escape Hux's grasp but it was no use. Thrown down to the floor, his face pressed against the cold metal floors as Hux's breath ghosted over his ears. "You'll never escape me, dear." His arm was twisted as Hux shoved his knee into the center of Ben's back, "Never." "STOP!" "STOP!" Poe leaned over the bed, shaking Ben's shoulder as he tried to wake the other man up, "Ben, come on, come back to me!" Deep brown eyes snapped open, and sweat glistened off Ben's skin as teary eyes stared up at Poe. A sob escaped the man as he practically threw himself into the pilots arms. Poe twisted a hand into long, dark hair as he held the smaller force user. He stroked his back, rubbed circles into his shoulders, anything to get Ben to calm down and the sobs that wetted Poe's shoulder to ease up. The shaking stopped with the cries following soon after, but still Poe just held his lover and moved to make the both more comfortable on the bed. "Shh, you know I've got you." Poe felt Ben tense in his arms, "It's okay, I'm right here and you're safe." "Are you sure?" The voice was distorted by Poe's shoulder. "Off course I am, as long as I'm here it'd take something worse than a sarlacc to take you from me." "There is nothing worse than a sarlacc." "Exactly." Poe pressed his lips to the crown on Ben's head, "So I'm afraid you're stuck with me." "Good." Ben finally looked at Poe with red rimmed brown eyes, "I like being stuck with you." "Good." Poe agreed, smiling as he pulled in the smaller man for a kiss, "Do you want to talk about it or sleep?" "Since you're here..." Ben yawned and rested himself on Poe's chest, "I think I want to sleep." Notes: Yes, Hux does call Ben pet names in a disgusting and perverted way just to make Ben feel even worse about the situation. He is a disgusting human in this fic, okay?