She’d unnerved him. She’d looked inside of his mind and sensed what he was thinking. How was it possible that this girl, this… insignificant scavenger girl with no Force training, could peer into his head and see his deepest fear? How could she cleave his thoughts apart like they were nothing more than meat under a sharp knife? How was it possible that she could cloak her own thoughts from him? And what would he tell Snoke? She was gazing at him warily, but there was still fire in her eyes. There was something else, too ( she had the nerve to feel sorry for him ), something he didn’t want to examine too closely. If he thought too hard about the possibility of this girl pitying him, he would lose his composure entirely. As it stood, they were at an impasse; she was unwilling to give him the information he so desperately sought, and he was unwilling to halt his attempts to get it. Maybe you should rethink your methods. Poe Dameron’s words came to him then, and a slow smile spread across Kylo’s face. He took a step closer to Rey. She visibly recoiled. “I’m not going to hurt you,” he started rationally. “I know how that works. You’re strong, and the more I try to hurt you, the more you’re going to resist me.” He circled the interrogation chair slowly, his footsteps heavy as he paced a full circle around her. “No. Hurting you won’t accomplish anything. What I’m going to do is offer you a trade.” “You have nothing to offer that I want,” Rey spat, that spark in her eyes igniting to a full inferno. “I’d never accept anything from you, anyway.” “So sure of that, are you?” Kylo’s voice was calm, almost soothing, and Rey narrowed her eyes. “So I suppose it will mean nothing to you if we kill your friend, FN-2187.” There it was. The sharp intake of breath, the brief flash of fear in that pair of brown eyes that had been so angrily focused on him just seconds before. Her mouth turned down in a frown. “Finn is safe,” she rebutted, and it irritated Kylo that she insisted on calling the traitorous stormtrooper by that ridiculous name. “He’s with the Resistance.” “Are you willing to bet his life on that?” The question gave her pause, but the defiance in her eyes was proof that she was unwilling to budge - just yet. It was obvious that she would need more persuasion. No matter. For the brief period of time that her thoughts had been unguarded enough for him to slip through and see them, Kylo had gotten exactly what he needed for his next move. He stepped back, inclining his head to the side and never breaking eye contact with her as he waved one hand languidly in a circular motion. Rey watched him, eyes narrowed. “What are you doing?” “Providing entertainment for my guest,” he murmured. He fell silent again as the bubble he’d created in the room expanded and showed the landscape of Takodana and the very forest where he’d confronted Rey. Inside of the bubble was Finn, running through the forest and holding Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber as he shouted for Rey. She watched silently, with wide eyes, as two stormtroopers approached Finn from behind, firing their blasters and catching him off-guard. As Finn fell to the ground and the stormtroopers dragged him away, Rey let out a cry. Kylo raised an eyebrow, pleased that his projection had worked. “A deal,” he began. “The information on Luke Skywalker’s whereabouts for your friend’s life.” He could see that she was considering it - proof that his false projection had worked. He clasped his hands together behind his back and waited for her response. There was a struggle going on within her; he sensed her conflict and uncertainty. Her fear for her friend radiated from her like a beacon of light; dimmer and less powerful was her hatred of Kylo himself. The hatred was what motivated the struggle; if not for that, Kylo sensed she would have gladly relinquished the information he sought. “You care for him,” he surmised. She didn’t answer. “If you give me the information I seek, I can assure you that he will be safe. As will you,” he added, softening his tone of voice. “I will allow the two of you to leave this system unharmed, provided you never return.” The offer was tempting; he knew it was what the deserter himself had suggested to Rey, not long after they’d arrived at Maz Kanata’s. Kylo curled his lip in disgust at the thought - how could the First Order have let such a weak being go on undetected in their ranks for so long? “No,” Rey said quietly, after some time. “No?” Kylo raised an eyebrow. “No,” she repeated, more firmly this time. “Finn wouldn’t want that.” Kylo sighed, trying not to let his frustration show. This girl was impossible. “You realize that he will die.” The words were posed as a statement, not a question, and a sliver of satisfaction pricked at him when he saw that flash of fear in her eyes again. “It doesn’t matter,” she replied, squaring her shoulders as much as she could, given the restraints of the interrogation chair. “If I give you this information, everyone who’s not a part of or supporting the First Order will die anyway. I won’t let that happen.” This time, it was Kylo who narrowed his eyes. “And that is your final decision?” Rey nodded, her eyes never leaving his face. “Very well, then,” he offered, turning to walk away. He had almost reached the door before she spoke again. “I know it was fake.” He turned to face her again, but said nothing. “I know your projection was fake,” she said. To his surprise, she was smiling. “I’m not as stupid as you think I am, and you’re not as powerful as you think you are.” The smile on her face infuriated him, and he decided, right then and there, that he would kill her as soon as he could. But first, he had to see Snoke. Notes: I'm basically trash with a lot of feels right now, so I'm sure there will be more one shots coming.