Ett "Kylo?!" His voice is alien to his own ears, frantic on the verge of complete panic. But he can't give in to it now, not before he's found, not before he's safe . "KYLO?!" He's running, running through the snow, cold wind whistling past his ears, nipping his skin. He's running against time too, he knows but he pushes the roughy away. Kylo is alive . He refuses to think otherwise. "KYLO!" He's screaming, it feels as if he's running around in circles. Every rock, every fallen tree tricks him with their dark silhouettes. What if he'd missed him? What if he's too weak to cry out or unconscious? What if- No. Then, when he thinks he just might lose his mind, he hears him. Some meters away, a voice calls "General?" He's at his side in a moment, scrambling, falling to his knees by his side. His eyes are burning and his vision blurs as tears well up. "Ren," he breaths out. He don't think he's ever been this relieved before. His cold demeanour is gone, pushed aside by the fear. Fear of what has happened, fear of what will and most of all, he feared losing Kylo. Everything had crumbled, everything he'd (they'd) worked for, snuffed out, crashing. Everything was gone, save for Kylo. "Hux." He sounded pained and Hux stopped to take in the extent of his injuries. He was burnt in multiple places, he was bleeding from his side and his face, oh God, his face . "Save it," he says, cupping Kylo's cheek, sweeping his thumb over his cheekbone. His other hand scrambles for his comlink, not taking his eyes off of Kylo. "I found him," he says and relays their position to the captain of the ship he came with. Kylo's eyes are closing and Hux hurries to take him in his arms. "Stay with me," he tells him. "You're gonna be ok." He stands, Kylo in his arms. He looks so small like this. Without his helmet and his 'saber, injured and on the verge of unconsciousness. It's unnatural, so different from the calculated killer he knows, the strong commander that put up an impenetrable front. So very different from the insecure, very much human man he'd gotten to know. A sharp light cuts through the dark, the light of the ship. Hux looks down on the man in his arms one more time. Kylo's eyes are closed. "You're gonna be ok." He's not sure who he was supposed to comfort, Kylo or himself. Chapter 2 : Två Notes: We got our first snow today and idk man I just got hit with the urge to write this When Kylo awoke, it was to the face of the general, leaning over him. His vision was blurry, his mind fogged, but he'd recognise that face anyway. "Welcome to the land of the living." Kylo blinked. Hux withdrew to the left, away from his line of sight. Slowly turning his head, Kylo found him sitting by his bedside in a chair. He faintly wondered why he was in an infirmary bed, before remembering. The lost battle, the lost weapon, Hux coming back for him. All these things and more flashed before his eyes in a blink. He said nothing. Hux took it upon himself to break the tense silence. "You're an idiot." Kylo noted how bloodshot his eyes were and the dark bags that underlined them. How his normally pristine exterior had been overrun by uncharacteristic creases in his clothing, a strand of hair that refused to join the rest. Kylo noted these things and wondered, how long has he been sitting here? "Your bedside manner is lacking," Kylo retorted, voice rough from disuse. He swallowed down a cough, not taking his eyes off of Hux. The man in question drew one corner of his mouth into a loop sided, grim smile. "But at least you finally have an excuse to wear that awful helmet of yours," he said and Kylo quashed the urge to pull him into his arms, to thank him for this sense of normality. Nothing was okay and nothing would ever be the same, but covering the raw wounds up in bickering and mean looks was so normal . That for a moment Kylo could lose himself in the pretence, that he had been shot by some lucky resistance member and not one of the people who'd raised him, that he hasn't just lost to a rookie with his grandfather's lightsaber, that Han Solo wasn't dead, that Hux and him would both be okay. "How bad is it?" Kylo simply asked, referencing the cut on his face. Hux hummed. "It's not a complete disaster, though it will scar since we had to use emergency medical supplies. I would almost say that it's an improvement, though. It almost makes you look menacing." "'Almost'?" Kylo echoed. Hux sneered. "You look half your age, it's difficult to take an adolescent seriously." Kylo let out a short chuckle. Carefully he lifted his left arm up and to the side, searching. Hux took it without comment, clasping it almost to the point where it hurt, like it was a lifeline. A familiar wetness gathered in his eyes, spilling and leaving hot trails over his cheeks. Before Jakku - the incident that started it all - it has been years since Kylo last cried, but now it seemed that he never went long without tears. He saw the same sign of sentiment gather in Hux's eyes. Kylo felt like they were in the eye of a storm, like the walls of the room were the only thing separating them from becoming lost in a devastating hurricane. He wished that they could remain in that moment forever, locked away from a reality that would soon crush them under its waves. So held onto Hux like he was a lifeline, and Hux held onto him. And neither said a thing. Notes: I'm sorry about any errors, in currently stuck in a car and have been for the past five hours. Writing fanfic seemed logical to pass the time.