It was the night because it's always the night in space and it was dark and cold and he remembers everything about it. Poe was like a myth, evrything was like a myth and knowing that he was on board made all the troopers really excited. Or maybe it was just Finn ? Probably just Finn. Still. He really felt excited about it or maybe he just saw it like a way to be free. All he wanted was to be free. To get out of here. To run away from the First Order. He doesn't know why Poe's here but he needs him right now. Right fucking now. Finn's face was really close to Poe's one, they were sweating and whispering and somehow it was weird because they were looking at each other sometimes there were silence and Poe seemed like to turn the conversation to his advantage but it was ok for Finn because he still needed Poe to get out of here. It was a good deal. He's going to be his pilot. His saviour. Finn never been that happy. How could they torture Poe ? He was so kind and his smile was so charming and... Finn frowned and stopped thinking. Sometimes he thinks about ridiculous things. In a way, it was his first time. Never been in this kind of things, never shot with this and he seemed lost until he just destroyed everything. He felt good. It was weird. Was it bad to feel good about destroying the First Order base ? Now, Finn would say no. And Poe was still here. As excited as a child on Christmas Day and it made Finn laughed and he felt happy. Again. He never felt happy before. It's a weird feeling. A weird thing. It makes your heart beating faster and faster until your chest explodes and your smile is too big for you face. Finn was happy and Poe was happy so they were happy and maybe Finn was happy because of Poe more than the rest. He never tells anyone about it. Galaxy is fucking big. Dark. Cold but the T.I.E thing was warm and it felt weird because Finn was still sweating and Poe was still like a child. But at this time, he wasn't Finn. Finn wasn't his name. Only FN-2187 and it was Poe that gave him his name. And his chest were tight and his heart was beating faster and faster and his smile grew bigger and bigger on his face. Finn. He liked it. He still likes it. He felt like an human. A real one. And it was... As if Poe knew him for a long time and just bumped into him in a bar. It was weird. But something was between them. A feeling. Something that Finn couldn't described because he didn't know. He wasn't human enough for this yet. And when Poe told him his name was Poe, it's like Finn knew him for years and years and like he already knew his name and it was weird because in a way he knew about him, about Resistance but not in that way. In that TIE fighter, he met a new Poe Dameron. The one he probably felt in love with without knowing. But then everything went wrong. He was talking with too much energy, it was his fault if their fighter was now ready to crash on Jakku. Fucking Jakku. All this thing for a droid, for Luke Skywalker. Everybody heard about him. Even a stormtrooper but Finn never believed it or maybe he was someone more like "can't believe it until I saw it with my own eyes" but now he had no choice. He thought about a lot of things or maybe he just fainted, he can't really remember but the first thing that worried him when he woke up was Poe. Was he alright ? Alive ? Here ? Somewhere ? He can remember his heart beating faster again but not of happiness, it was fear. He really knows fear, it was maybe the thing he knew the best. They were no Poe. Nothing. Just his jacket. And he thought he was dead and he was ready to cry but no because he's a man or maybe just because he felt stupid to cry for a man he barely knew. But in a way Poe was his first friend or maybe his first love.. - Wait. You weren't crying ?! I cried all the tears I could because you weren't there !, said Poe dramatically - Don't be a fool I'm sure you were crying for you jacket first !, laughed Finn and Poe seemed to be offended before laughing too. - Yeah alright I was really upset for the jacket thing too but I was really worried about you ! When Finn saw Poe again, many things happened but he still had his jacket and he could feel his presence with him and there was his odour on it and even if he would not admit : he liked this. He thought Poe was dead so when he could see his face everything seemed to be happier and nobody existed and it was just Poe and him and their eyes met and Finn's chest was beating like hell and it seemed like nothing was more important. No war. No ship. No Luke. No Jedi. No force. Nothing. And when he felt Poe's arms around him everything was better. He wasn't tired anymore. He wasn't sad anymore. He felt human again and it was probably the best feeling he never felt. He remembers thinking something like "thank" but never really told him because it was weird and he would probably not understand. Anyway, Finn was happy and smiled again. His eyes was lost into Poe's and he could think about nothing really important. He talked to him as if he knew him forever and maybe that's it. He knew him before all that . - it's way too romantic, aww laughed Poe again, his lips meeting Finn's cheeks - I really felt like this... - Me too. It's like a soulmate story.