Poe Summary: Poe Dameron thinks this whole 'Soulmate' thing is pretty stupid. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) FN-2187 What the hell kind of name was that? Seriously it was like Poe’s life was one big fucking cosmic joke to the galaxy. It sounded like a number on the back of an X-wing not the name of someone you were supposed to fall in love with. Poe thought that the whole Soulmate thing was stupid. This was an opinion he’d held since he was eleven and he first looked down at his arm to see a series of letters and numbers looking back at him instead of an actual name. Eleven year old Poe had angrily rubbed at his wrist, cursing under his breath at his bad luck. That was how his Grandfather had found him; with tears in his eyes, bemoaning the very concept of Soulmates. “Who says we are supposed to end up with this one person? What if I don’t even like them? What if they’re mean or they hate flying or ice cream or-” His Grandfather had placed a calming hand on his back and spoke softly, as if Poe was a small animal and if he was too rash with his movements then he would scare him away. “Poe, you remind me so much of your mother. I remember having this exact conversation with her, she completely denounced the idea of fate and true love. And then what happened? She met Kes and fell head over heals in love with him. Luckily for you otherwise you wouldn’t be here to complain to me about Soulmates in the first place” That was it for Poe, the rush of endorphins he’d felt when his wrist started to prickle partnered with the mention of his mother who had passed away just two years earlier was enough to start the sobbing. Even now Poe still felt the grief for his mother, it was as constant as the name on his skin. However he did take to heart what his Grandfather had said to him- at least for a little while. However it didn’t stop the pangs of jealousy that Poe felt whenever he saw the other children with actual fucking names on their wrists. Kids were mean, they made fun of him and his stupid Soulmate’s name. They whispered and filled his mind with the thought that it must be some sort of error. Poe was so weird that his Soulmate was bound to be some weird creature who didn’t even have an actual name. What’s more is that the others Soulmarks all looked as if they had been written on their wrists in permanent ink. No two marks were the same. Some had neat cursive whilst other had messy, almost illegible scrawling. Poe’s on the other hand looked as if it had been stamped on his wrist in perfect, unfaltering black ink. There was no sense of humanity in it, it didn’t seem like his Soulmate had taken a marker to his wrist as there was surely no way that someone had handwriting that mechanically precise. Honestly Poe had begun to worry if he was fated to end up with a droid. Deep down (and Poe would never admit this to anyone) Poe knew he had joined the New Republic Starfleet to try and find that ‘weird creature’ who he was destined to end up with. But the Galaxy was a big old place and Poe could hardly search every nook and cranny of it. As the years passed him by he became less and less curious about finding FN-2187. Let them find him, Poe often thought to himself late at night when he was working on his ships. (Poe used ‘they’ when referring to his Soulmate because his Soulmark didn’t even give him a gender to go off. Though as Poe matured through puberty he realised that it most definitely did not matter to him either way) Poe found that he was pretty happy with life even without a Soulmate. He had his ships. He had his work,something which he was very good at - his mother's genes no doubt. Oh and he had his ever loyal buddy BB-8. Okay maybe he wasn’t too far off with his childhood nightmare of ending up with a droid. Yet he couldn’t stop himself thinking about his Soulmate late at night, when he felt most alone. He’d daydream for hours about what they’d look like, who they were and how Poe would meet them. He never quite predicted their first encounter to go like this. Poe was pretty much fucked. He had given up information about the map to Skywalker and he was bound to be killed now that he’d served all useful purpose. Kylo Ren had looked into his mind, he had… violently assaulted his mind. Ren had paused slightly when he found FN-2187’s name but had quickly carried on his barrage of Poe’s mind. It was funny how being mentally tortured could really knock the energy out of you. Poe lay limp in the restraints, just counting down the hours until he was executed. Sorry FN-2187, better start the hunt for another Soulmate. Then the restraints loosened and a man’s voice told him to start walking. This was it huh, the final walk to his death. Then the Stormtrooper told him that he was actually going to break him out, because it was the right thing to do- oh and he needed a pilot to escape. Poe had wondered for a brief moment if this was another elaborate trap, designed to give him one last shred of hope before the noose tightened around his neck. He wouldn’t put it past the First Order to fuck with him one last time. Something in his gut however told him to trust this guy and being a pilot Poe had learned to always trust his gut feeling. Before he had time to blink, Poe and the mystery man had stolen a god damn TIE-fighter! “Hey what’s your name?” Poe had asked as they were flying out of the First Order base. The man’s response was drowned out over the noise of the blasters trying to shoot them down. “What?” “FN-” Once again the man’s response was drowned out. “FN huh? Well I’m calling you Finn. You like that name?” “Yeah, Finn, I like it!” Finn had sounded ecstatic about his new name. Poe’s wrist suddenly felt like it had been set on fire. Any other time he would have understood what was going on- but not right now. Distracted by the gunfire he ignored his burning wrist. Not that it did them much good, they still ended up crash landing in Jakku despite Poe’s best efforts. Poe had woken alone. Terrified. Injured. But alive. Finn was nowhere to be seen, either the other man had died in the crash or he’d survived and was now wandering the desert. His wrist still prickled annoyingly. Poe rolled up his sleeve to look at the angry, irritated skin. What he saw almost made him pass out. FN-2187 was gone from his wrist. In it’s place, written in curved handwriting was a new name. Finn. Notes: This fic is not finished yet, pretty sure there'll be two more chapters. oh and merry christmas! Chapter 2 : FN-2187 Summary: FN-2187 has a name on his wrist. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe Dameron Finn couldn’t remember much about his early life as FN-2187. He couldn’t remember being stolen from his family, who his family were, or their names. He couldn’t even remember his own name. FN-2187 was who he was, who he’d ever been and who he was ever going to be. Or at least that’s what he thought. Finn remembered bits and pieces of his childhood (if you could even call what he had experienced a ‘childhood’). He was tutored by First Order generals, they told him that the New Republic was depraved and barbaric and that the First Order was going to bring law and order to the chaotic, lawless rebels. And FN-2187 had believed them. Now looking back Finn could see the lies and treachery of his teachers, they’d only shown him bits and pieces- never the full picture. There was a strong emphasis on training the children up to be loyal soldiers, Finn remembered the first time he was handed a blaster and told to shoot at a practice target aged eight (he’d hit it first time). The rush of endorphins he’d felt was like nothing else. The First Order truly did have an airtight control on the information that trickled down to the cadets. Keeping yourself isolated was encouraged. Maybe that’s why it took him so damn long to learn what the name on his wrist even meant. It had started with an ache in his arm one morning, a slow underlying pain he felt right down to his bones. He’d reported it, of course, to his medical officer as it was required when one felt a sickness or had an injury. A subtle change went across the face of the medical officer, the stern and rigid mask he wore slipped for a moment, his eyes went downwards towards his own arm for just a second before flicking back up to meet Finn’s gaze. “Go back to your bunk Eight Seven, you’re excused from training for the day.” Throughout the morning the pain transformed, from an ache to a burn. White hot agony ran through his veins, Finn had placed a pillow over his mouth to muffle his cries. His sheets were slick with sweat but Finn shivered despite the heat of the day. Slowly the stinging began to become more focused, it was concentrated not on his whole arm like before, but on a small patch on his wrist. The pain now felt like someone was carving on his wrist with a knife. He had scratched at it, hoping to soothe the irritation. Without warning, the pain subsided. Finn had stared at his wrist in horrified shock. The space there was no longer bare. Now it was occupied by two words; Poe Dameron The letters were angular and the whole thing was very neatly inscribed. Truth be told Finn had just been relieved he could actually read it. His reading was not as good as some of the others, which was frustrating. But what was it that he was reading? Logically he had supposed it was a name. But whose name? Why had it appeared on his wrist? Why now? Was it his name? Was he Poe Dameron ? He had mulled it over, saying it outloud a couple of times, before deciding that he didn’t really feel like a Poe. His lamentations were disturbed by the sound of the doors sliding open. He stood to attention. He stared up at the stanger and recognised the ghostly figure of Captain Phasma. Newly promoted, her reputation preceded her. Stories were whispered about her great battles against the Resistance scum and now she would be his commanding officer. “Eight Seven.” “Yes Captain?” “You have received your Mark I hear.” “Yes Captain. What is it?” “It is of no concern to you. Ignore it. It means nothing to you.” “But Captain-” “You will not discuss this with the other cadets. Do not let it get in the way of your training, Eight Seven. We have high hopes for you.” “Of course Captain. Thank you Captain.” True to his word Finn had not initiated conversation in regards to his Mark with his fellow cadets. He knew that he wasn’t the only one with it- he had seen Nines's Mark when the other cadet was changing. But honestly in the following years he didn’t allow himself time to think about it. It was just another scar on his body, one of many he had. However as his curiosity about the Galaxy grew so did his curiosity about the name on his wrist. Doubt begun to plague him. Although in his youth he had felt eager to serve the First Order, he had felt his keenness fade over the years. Finn had yearned for freedom, for his own life, for an identity. He clung to the name on his wrist, the only thing that really belonged to him . *** Finn’s defection came as a surprise to even himself. His faith in the First Order had been well and truly shook when Kylo Ren had instructed him to shoot on the unarmed villagers. If this was what he was expected to do on his first mission then what would he be ordered to do on his next one? Finn didn’t want to find out. Even as he was leading the Resistance Pilot down the corridor of the base he couldn’t quite believe what he was doing. He was going to destroy his entire life to save this one man... and in order to escape, but it sounded much more nobler to say it was for the Pilot. “You need a pilot don’t you?” It hadn’t worked, the dark haired man saw right through him. That shouldn’t have surprised him. FN-2187 had never told a lie in his life. The escape had been challenging to say the least, he was just grateful that neither of them had died in the process. It was all worth it though when he saw the great expanse of the galaxy, for the first time in his life he felt free. “What’s your name?” The pilot shouted from the front. “FN-2187.” He shouted back. “What?” The other man couldn’t hear him over the noise it seemed. “FN-2187” He repeated. “FN huh? Well I’m going to call you Finn, you okay with that?” Finn. Finn . A name, his name. With an actual name came the chance to become someone . Not just a piece in the First Order’s deadly game of chess. Finn was not a Stormtrooper anymore. He was human. What’s more is that Poe had offered him a choice not just barked an order, no one had ever offered FN-2187 a choice before. He expressed his jubilation to his co-pilot who laughed and said, “It’s nice to meet you Finn. I’m Poe Dameron.” “It’s nice to meet you too Poe.” It was really nice to meet him. His wrist prickled, Finn ignored it- he’d felt far worse pain in his life, this was nothing- a minor annoyance. One moment he was laughing, contemplating his future (he had decided that perhaps he might rather enjoy joining Poe in the resistance, if they’d allow him of course, he felt suddenly very strongly drawn to Poe in a way he couldn’t explain) the next he and the ship were hurtling towards Jakku. *** Finn woke in the scorching heat of a desert. He looked around his surroundings and saw that just behind him was the wreckage of the stolen TIE-fighter. Poe was nowhere to be seen. This was so not good, a deep feeling of discontent settled in his stomach. In the smouldering remains of the fighter he saw Poe’s jacket and raced to pick it up. On his journey towards the town he shucked off his Stormtrooper uniform. He kept the jacket. It was his only link to the now presumably dead Pilot and he couldn’t bring himself to toss it. Just thinking about Poe being dead made him feel sick. Poe, Poe Dameron . Finn stopped dead in his tracks. Poe Dameron. He had just met a guy called Poe Dameron. Finn cursed his own stupidity. Rolling up his shirt sleeve revealed what he already knew deep down, the man he’d helped escape shared had the same name that was imprinted on his wrist. What were the chances that it was a coincidence? Probably close to zero. Is that what the Mark meant? That one day Poe would end up saving his life? No, it was more than that, Finn thought. The two of them… they were connected- somehow. Finn looked back at the smoke billowing up into the sky. He’d lost him, he’d lost Poe and he’d lost what was probably his only chance at answers. Frowning down at his wrist he did the only thing that he could do; He carried on walking. Notes: i was pretty shocked by the reception that chapter one received. y'all are incredible. come say hi on my tumblr: zombiemichonne.tumblr.com