They've never celebrated a holiday. Poe Dameron makes it his personal mission to change that. "How," he starts, trying to make his voice sound as incredulous as he feels, "in the hell have you never decorated a tree?" He knows that he's probably being a little bit of an asshole, but cursing is the only way he's going to get his point across to his two, very innocent, best friends. "I like trees," Rey says. And, that is very true, she does. Like, he has never seen anyone be so emotionally invested in plants before. They're in his apartment, now. It has two bedrooms and one bathroom and a connecting living room and kitchen. This is important because the closer the kitchen is the closer the proximity to cookies and milk, which they will be having. "I know, honey. That's not the case in point. So, you've really never celebrated any sort of December oriented holiday?" Finn is rifling through Poe's extraordinary collection of Christmas music albums - on vinyl - and looking not so impressed as his friend feels, "Well, we never really had a family. Not like now." Now, Poe does really feel like an asshole. God, how could he forget that? Finn and Rey are smiling at him, still, and that makes him want to kiss both of them. "God, I am so sorry, guys. I just - sometimes I forget." Rey stands, trailing a garland behind herself, "Poe, it's okay! We're here with you now. And, we're celebrating, right Finn?" "Right." He'll be damned if he lets them escape one more December unfestively. --- The next day they are crowded around his kitchen table again, armed with hot glue, buttons, pom-poms, and an assortment of all the crafty items that the attendant at Walmart recommended to him. He has three plain sweaters and a mini one for BB-8 - the cat - the eighth BB in his entire lifetime. "The point of all this," he begins, "is to make the ugliest sweater you can possibly make." "Why should it be ugly?" Rey asks and she's not wrong. "Why can't I make a pretty sweater?" Poe sighs, he really can't help it, "Because, doll. That's not the point. The point is to make the ugliest Christmas sweater imaginable, so your friends can laugh at you while you wear it." Finn purses his lips, "That makes sense. I guess. Okay, so I want mine to have a tree on it." They both look so determined, so joyful, that Poe can't help smiling like an idiot. This, here, is all the family he ever needs. --- Later that night, after the presents have been opened, and the tree is decorated and lit, they sit together in a pile on the couch, munching on cookies and laughing as Elf plays in the background. He gives them a kiss, one on the cheek for each. Rey returns it first, very quickly, nearly catching the corner of his mouth. Finn is slower, pressing a kiss to the shell of his ear. "I love you," he says before he can catch himself. "We know." Poe Dameron laughs, causing the two people in his arms to jostle. "Merry Christmas, assholes. And, what a merry Christmas it is. Good tidings to all and good will towards humankind. God, he can't wait until New Years. Notes: So, what'd you think? Also, this was going to much longer but my stepsister kept trying to read over my shoulder and I couldn't write a BIG GAY KISS while she was watching. (You can laugh.)