The first thing Poe registered was sand. It was cold and soft under his back, he felt it on the bare skin of his hands and the back of his neck. His eyes were closed, but he could feel light hitting his face, warming it against the breeze. He turned his head towards it and, for a second, he could feel the sand shifting under him, falling through his hair and underneath his shirt. Then the pain came back. His whole body lit up and he let out a groan as the feeling of course grains on his knuckles gave in to the burning of torn skin. His eyes snapped open and he gasped for air, which made the ache in his chest pierce through the red haze in his brain, the broken ribs screaming for attention. More sand shifted around him, falling onto his left arm, twisted into a strange position at his side. His wrist stung with the pain of fresh abrasions and his mind suddenly kickstarted. Everything came back to him in a flash - the old man, the map, the ship, the stormtroopers, the man in black, his masked face centimeters from his own, the chair, the restraints, the pain, the... The kid. They'd ran, then flown, then something had flashed and he'd tried to regain control over the fighter, but there'd been fire and the planet had been right there and then... They must have crashed. He couldn't remember, he thought he had catapulted, he'd definitely heard a mechanism going off, but he wasn't sure if it was his or the... The kid's. He was here somewhere too. Poe turned his head, wincing against the stabbing somewhere in his shoulder, taking in his surroundings. It was completely empty, only sand as far as he could see. The sky was dark, with three large moons bathing the dunes in purple half-light and long, grey clouds crawling across it carried by the steady wind. The fighter was nowhere to be seen. He took a breath and tried to call out, but his voice didn't obey him and instead came out as a hoarse, soundless whisper. He coughed, spitting out sand, and his chest immediately flared up again. His eyes squeezed shut as he tried to breathe deeply and forced himself to manage a single word: 'Finn.' It was flat and ragged, but the sound of the name made the blood in his limbs flow again. That kid was out there somewhere. Probably in more trouble than Poe himself was; maybe injured, maybe trapped, maybe... He didn't want to finish the thought. Finn was alive, somewhere in that desert. Definitely. Maybe along with the ship. Maybe they hadn't crashed, maybe Poe had just catapulted too early and the kid had managed to land the fighter in one piece, or had catapulted too and had gone looking for the crash site or... Anything. Anything that meant Poe wouldn't be looking for his dead body under the sand. He gritted his teeth and tried to pull himself up, pushing his back off of the sandy slope he was laying on. An explosion in his chest knocked him back down gasping for air, but he expected it this time and focused on getting his breathing back to normal for a few seconds. Then he looked down and tried to catalogue all the things that were wrong with his body. The first issue seemed to be the sand which covered him up to the waist, although he could still move his legs and didn't feel anything too worrying about them. His right shoulder was also buried while the left one ached and didn't fully respond to his commands. That was probably from the crash. So were the broken ribs, at least two from what he could feel, and whatever head wound was responsible for the now-dried blood sticking his eyelashes together. His wrists felt raw and sore which had to date back to before the escape, when he had fought against the restraints of that chair and the handcuffs had bit into his skin, before Finn took them off and fixed them together with a piece of wire so that they still looked like they were closed. The memory of the ex-stormtrooper's hands shaking around his own when he was opening the handcuffs lingered in his brain and seemed much too clear to be real. He hadn't been paying attention to his hands for crying out loud, he'd been looking at his face and trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with him. He had really only decided to trust him because the answer was "nothing". Nothing was wrong about this boy. He had stood there, in his imperial armour - the armour Poe had never saw as anything other than a target - and lied about doing the right thing. Or so he had probably thought, but Poe had known liars and Finn's answer had come just a beat too early to be just a ploy to gain his trust. Yes, he had needed a pilot, but he had needed something else too. A chance. For some reason he had thought Poe could give it to him. And for some reason the thought of failing this boy seemed almost lethal. Poe took a deep breath and pushed himself off of the sand again. This time the pain was less blinding and he stayed up, sand falling in thin cascades off of his shoulders. He felt around the ground with his good hand and, very slowly, climbed to his feet, swaying as he fought for balance. He was going to find him. He was going to find him and give him that chance even if it was the last thing he would do in his life.