Awakening Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Finn woke up, his whole body ached. It took him a moment to realize where he was. The Resistance base. The lighting in the room was dim but he could see the familiar orange starbird emblem on the medical equipment next to his bed. Groaning, he tried to sit up. Sharp pain flared up along his back. Finn gritted his teeth and huffed. Before he could try again, he felt something move at his legs. Then he heard a stifled yawn. “Finn?” A familiar voice asked, sounding half-asleep. Finn relaxed as he realized it was Poe’s voice. He wanted to say something but he only managed a hoarse cough. “Finn, are you awake?” Poe asked, now sounding more alert. Finn tried to sit up again and saw that Poe must have fallen asleep in a chair, half lying on the bed next to Finn’s legs. Now he jumped up and beamed at Finn. “I am so glad to see you are back among the living, buddy!” he exclaimed and squatted down next to Finn’s head. “How are you feeling?” Before Finn could rasp an answer, Poe continued, “Wait, I’ll get you some water.” Finn finally managed to sit up. His back still burnt but the feeling of relief that they must have succeeded in taking down the Starkiller base washed over him more effectively than any pain killer could have. Poe handed him a glass of water and carefully sat down on the edge of the bed. “Is Rey all right?” Finn asked after he emptied the glass of water in one gulp. Poe’s brows furrowed for a second, smile fading slightly. It could have been a trick of the light though, because the next second he replied cheerful as ever, “Rey is fine, don’t worry.” Poe busied himself with putting away the water bottle and continued, “She went to find Luke Skywalker. I don’t know when she will be back. But she’ll be safe. Chewbacca went with her and that’s one tough Wookiee.” When Poe turned around, he saw the stricken look on Finn’s face. “She just left without saying good bye?” “You were out for two weeks, Finn. She’ll be back eventually, I’m sure. Looks like you’re stuck with me for now.” Poe gave Finn’s shoulder a light squeeze. “The med droid said once you wake up and can walk, you are allowed to leave. Your back got burnt badly but they did a good job patching you up. You’ll be back on your own two feet in no time.” Poe’s smile brightened. “Rey said you put up a good fight.” Finn felt his face heat up. “No, no, no, I barely lasted two minutes against that guy. What happened to him anyway? Did you catch him?” Poe shook his head and sighed. “We assume he got away. After the Starkiller base started breaking apart, we were lucky that Chewbacca found you and Rey and brought you back here in one piece. More or less. We just got out of there as fast as we could. I doubt Kylo Ren was caught in the explosion but no one knows for sure.” Finn made a face and swore under his breath. “That bastard,” he grunted. Then a he sucked in a breath and looked up at Poe. “Oh no. When he hit me with his lightsaber, he must have ruined your jacket. I’m so sorry, I should have taken better care of it-“ “Are you kidding me?” Poe interrupted him, an incredulous look on his face. He leaned in closer and touched the back of his hand to Finn’s forehead. “You must be delirious if you think you need to apologize because of that thing!” Poe exclaimed. “Anyway, I am quite attached to that old rag. So I asked a good friend of mine for help.” He rummaged in a bag that was sitting underneath the bed. Finn craned his neck. Poe pulled out the tan pilot jacket and held it up for Finn to see. There was a long black streak across the back where the lightsaber had sliced the jacket in half. The edges were slightly singed but someone had patched it up. The hole was gone. “It’s not pretty any more but if you still want it, you can have it back. You can wear it like a battle scar. I mean… on top of your real battle scar,” Poe laughed. “I understand if you don’t want it, though. In that case, I’ll just take it back. But then I’d carry around your battle scar and that wouldn’t make much sense, would it?” Poe realized he had started rambling and trailed off, raising an eyebrow and looking at Finn expectantly. Finn gaped at him, then at the jacket. “Of course I would still like to have it!” He took the jacket from Poe and smiled. “It’s the first and the only thing I own. Well, at least… kinda.” “It’s all yours, Finn,” Poe grinned. Then he narrowed his eyes slightly. “Wait, did you say the first thing you own? What about back when you worked for the First Order?” Finn’s face darkened at the mentioning of the name. Then he shrugged. “We were not allowed to have any personal belongings. They took us from our families when we were babies, then raised and conditioned us. Everything we needed was provided by the First Order. We were not supposed to get… attached.” Poe’s face was unusually grim as he listened. “These people are monsters. Taking kids away from their families. Raising them like pets for fighting. I was lucky you are smarter and braver then all of them combined.” He gave Finn a lopsided smile. “Without your help, I would be dead now. I owe you big time.” Finn laughed. “You already paid me back on Takodana, remember?” Poe gave him a blank look. “Oh right!” he exclaimed after a second. “At the time we attacked the First Order I didn’t know you were there, though. We only got an order from the General to fly a quick defence mission, no time for explanations.” “But that means we’re even,” Finn said and sank back against the pillow. “I guess we are,” Poe mused. “What do you think, should we get you out of here? I’m sure you’d like to sleep in a real bed again.” He got to his feet and offered Finn his hand. “Give it a try? But be careful.” Finn nodded and took Poe’s hand. Very slowly, he sat up and straightened his back. The pain was there but it was tolerable. He swung his legs off the bed and let Poe pull him up carefully. As soon as Finn stood, his legs gave out and he fell against the shorter pilot. “Easy,” Poe said as he caught Finn without a problem. He put an arm around Finn’s waist, taking care not to touch his back too much and steadied him. Finn winced slightly. He put one arm around Poe’s shoulder and took a careful step. His legs felt stiff and weak. “It’s just weak muscles because you were in bed all this time,” Poe reassured him as he saw the grimace on Finn’s face. “I’m sure the med droid will be here any minute now. They never take long and I’m sure it will take a last look at you before you’re allowed to check out.” As if on cue, the door slid open and a med droid whirled into the room. “I see you are up, Master Finn,” the droid stated in its tinny voice. “Let me do a last scan to see if you can leave.” Finn stood still as the droid rolled up to him and performed its scan. After a few beeping noises, the droid bowed its silver head. “You are allowed to leave. Please check out at the front desk. You will be required to sign up for physical therapy to guarantee full recovery. Get well soon.” With that, the droid left the room again to attend to another patient. Many slow steps later, Finn was signed out of the medical ward. Poe had given him a pair of crutches and they made their way towards the administration office where Finn would be assigned his own room. “You know, you can come live with me, if you like,” Poe offered. “As a squadron leader, I have the luxury my own room, but it’s meant for two.” Finn looked at him, surprised. “I would love that! I don’t know anyone else here yet, so it might be nice. But only if I’m not a hassle.” Poe raised his hands and shook his head. “Not at all. It gets a little boring sometimes. I could use a roommate. And I can show you around the base, too. Help you find something to do. If you would like to stay.” “I don’t really have anywhere else to go, do I? I can shoot, I might be useful,” Finn smiled as he kept walking, small step after small step. “I also have to wait for Rey. I can’t just run off and disappear,” he continued, determination apparent in his voice. Poe only nodded at that. Notes: Thank you for reading! If you find any weird sentences or odd wording it is because English is not my first language but I tried my very best. I will most likely go through this story a few times and try to fix any mistakes I can spot. The title of the story is taken from the song Renegades by X Ambassador, my personal favourite Stormpilot song. Please let me know what you think so far. (: Chapter 2 : Nightmares The older lady in the administration office handed Finn a few forms. “Please fill out all of these and return them to us. It’s fine if you do that tomorrow. After we have signed you up, you are officially part of the Resistance,” she gave a very warm smile and gently patted Finn on the arm. “Thank you so much for everything you have done so far and will do in the future. You are a kind soul.” Finn flushed at that and thanked her, taking the sheets and handing them over to Poe so he had his hands free for the crutches. Ten minutes later they stood in front of Poe’s room. “Welcome to my humble abode,” he said as he opened the door with a flourish. Finn stepped into the room, curious about what Poe’s home might look like. The room was not very big but it was still spacious enough for two. There was a bunk bed on one wall, a little seating area with a table and a tiny fridge in one corner, a small window, two wardrobes and a door that Finn suspected lead to the bathroom. A few pictures were hung up on the wall. Finn saw one that showed Poe with his fellow pilots, one that looked like it might be a really old family photo and another one that showed Poe and BB-8 in front of Black One, Poe’s beloved black and orange X-Wing. On a shelf across the seating area Finn spotted a few models of different spaceships. “This is really nice,” Finn said as he carefully stepped inside. Poe gave him a broad smile, all sharp teeth. “I’m glad you like it. It’s nothing special but you learn to make it home. Here, you can have the bottom bed. I’ll move to the top.” Finn leaned the crutches against the wall, sat down on the bed and gave a loud sigh. Then he stretched and regretted it at once. Sharp pain shot through his back and he groaned. Poe turned around and came closer. “Everything okay? Here, let me help you get out of that,” he said and gently helped Finn out of the jacket. “I feel like a grandpa,” Finn huffed and rolled his eyes. Poe laughed at that. “You’re still at least ten years younger than me. Save your complaining for when you get to my age.” Poe took the jacket and hung it on a hook inside one of the wardrobes. “This one is yours now. Tomorrow we can go get you some of your own clothes. Until then, feel free to use mine. Some might fit you.” Finn just nodded and looked a bit overwhelmed. “Thank you, Poe. I really appreciate your help,” he said while rubbing the back of his neck unconsciously. Poe waved a hand at that. “Don’t mention it. We are on the same side now, fighting the same enemy. The Resistance is like a really big family – everyone looks out for everyone else. You’re a part of that family now.” He grabbed the forms from the administration office and a pen. “Here, we should get the annoying part out of the way first. Then I’ll grab us some dinner from the mess, ok?” Finn nodded and took the forms and the pen from Poe. His stomach had been growling for a while. “I’m starving, Poe, you don’t even have any idea,” he said with a dramatic sigh. The pilot chuckled and sat down on the bed next to Finn and peered over his shoulder at the forms. Finn looked down at the paper and frowned. “Family name? Do I have to put one? I don’t even have a family name,” he said while scribbling ‘Finn’ into the blank space for his first name. Poe glanced at him and gave a barely noticeable shrug. “If you want, you can use mine.” Finn turned to look at him, not sure if the other man was joking or being serious. Poe smiled an uncharacteristically shy smile. “Am I allowed to do that?” Finn asked, a hint of excitement edging into his voice. “I just gave you permission,” Poe said and nodded seriously. “My name is a good name. You’re part of my family now, so you can take it, too.” Finn stared at him for a moment, seemingly lost in thought. Part of the family? The only family he had ever known had been stolen from him before he could even remember their faces. An unfamiliar warmth spread through Finn’s chest and his whole face lit up. “I would like nothing more than to be part of a family!” he exclaimed and started to write down ‘Dameron’ in the blank space next to ‘Finn’. “Finn Dameron, huh? I like it,” he said, staring at the sheet of paper. Then he turned to Poe and hugged him as tight as he could without hurting his back. Poe made a surprised noise somewhere between a grunt and a snort before he returned the hug carefully. “Suits you even better than the jacket,” he laughed as they both let go. An hour later and after a quick dinner in their room, they were both fast asleep. Although Finn had only been up for a few hours, he was exhausted as if he had been running for miles. Around midnight Poe woke up from a noise. At first he thought he had been dreaming. Then he remembered that Finn had moved in and was sleeping in the bed below. He could hear the boy’s heavy breathing, irregular and wheezing. Alarmed, Poe sat up and turned on the small reading lamp next to him. Worried that the med droid might have missed something and that Finn would need medical attention, he climbed off his bunk. Finn forehead was covered in sweat and he was panting. “Finn, hey, wake up,” Poe whispered and shook Finn gently. When the other man didn’t react, Poe kneeled down on the mattress and shook him a little more firmly. Finn’s eyes snapped open and he stared at Poe, obviously disoriented and confused. His breathing hitched and he let out a noise that could have been a sob. “Just a nightmare,” he murmured as he saw Poe’s worried expression. “You scared me,” Poe stated with a frown and laid his hand on Finn’s chest, right where his heart was. His mother had always done that when he had woken from a nightmare as a kid. It was an oddly reassuring gesture to him. The black fabric of Finn’s t-shirt was slightly damp with sweat. “You wanna talk about it?” Finn relaxed against the pillow and closed his eyes for a moment. He didn’t seem to mind Poe’s hand on his chest at all. “They just come and go,” Finn started. “Most of them make no sense at all. Others are about the First Order. Their training, conditioning, punishments. Sometimes I dream about a darkness that envelopes everything and swallows the whole universe. It’s like a sentient being, chasing after everything good in this world and wiping it out. But tonight... tonight I dreamt of sand. An endless ocean of sand, sucking me down and drowning me.” Poe was quiet for a long moment, still pressing his hand against Finn’s chest gently. He felt Finn’s heartbeat slow down from a frantic pace to a steady rhythm. “I’m behaving like a little child. I’m sorry, Poe,” Finn continued. “No, don’t say that,” Poe replied, still frowning. “You know, I have them too, the nightmares. Usually they are not so bad, but lately they have become pretty terrifying. I keep dreaming of the star destroyer and the cell I was locked up in. I dream of how the First Order tortured me for hours, trying to make me talk. And I can still feel him inside my head. Kylo Ren,” Poe spat out the name. Finn moved his hands up to his chest and covered Poe’s with his own, waiting for the other man to continue. “I still feel him pushing, probing, stabbing at my mind. It was the scariest experience of my life. He just… took my mind apart to steal what he wanted. The bruises, cuts and the blood are long gone. But that twisted, insane mind inside my own… Sometimes I am scared he broke something, you know? That he might have left something dark in there that will eat me from the inside.” Poe grimaced at the memory of all those sleepless nights he had had since the return to the Resistance base. Some days he had woken up and felt like something was pulling at him. Something dark and dangerous. He believed in the Force of course. He had witnessed some of the things it could do. Good and bad. But he was not sensitive to it. He couldn’t feel it or use it. He kept telling himself that nothing dark could take seed inside his mind because of that. It was the only thought that allowed him to sleep at all lately. He felt Finn squeeze his hand. “No,” Finn said firmly and shook his head. “There is nothing dark in you. Kylo Ren is a monster. I have seen some of the things he did even to his own people. He is like a mad rancor lashing out at anyone and anything that gets in his way. You are stronger than him. You are a good person, Poe, nothing dark will break you.” Poe squeezed Finns hand in return. He felt like Finn’s words had taken a thousand ton boulder off his back. The feeling of Kylo Ren’s insane mind was still there, at the back of his head, but it seemed a little less dark now. Together, both of them stayed up for another hour or two. Sitting on Finn’s bed, they exchanged stories about what the other had missed after their escape, their excitement and laughter keeping all shadows of the night far away. Chapter 3 : Home Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe had to fly a training mission the next morning. Finn was at a loss of what to do now. At the base, they had never had any leisure time and needed to follow strict schedules. After having a well-deserved warm shower he rummaged through Poe’s wardrobe and found some grey pants and a blue shirt that fit him. They were a bit short for him but after years of wearing nothing but the black uniforms of the First Order, they seemed like the most beautiful clothes he had ever seen. His back already hurt considerably less than the day before and he could move around without wincing as long as he was careful. Curious, he looked out of the small window for the first time. What he saw outside made him grin. The window overlooked the hangar where the x-wings were parked, repaired and prepared for missions. Anyone who looked out of the window had a perfect view of the black and orange starfighter that was Poe’s baby. At the moment, the ground crew was bustling around the hangar and busy with preparations of the training mission Poe would fly with one of his two squadrons. Finn could even spot BB-8 rolling around the ship. Poe was nowhere to be seen though. Because he had nothing else to do, Finn grabbed the forms he had filled out the night before. He also took one of the strange looking fruit that Poe kept in the small fridge and made his way towards the administration office. He left the crutches in the room, confident that his legs would do a better job today. He still had to walk gingerly but at least he did not fall flat on his face. In the office, the same lady from the night before was working again. Her face lit up as she saw Finn shuffle in. “You look well today, Finn,” she greeted him. “Thank you, Kaela. I feel a lot better too,” Finn replied cheerfully as he handed her the paperwork. Kaela took the forms and looked through them quickly. When she saw Finn’s name, she raised an eyebrow. Questioning, she looked up at him over the rim of her silver glasses. “Finn Dameron? I didn’t know you were related to Poe. What a coincidence.” Finn laughed. “No, no, no, we’re not related,” he said and cleared his throat, feeling a little awkward. “You know, as a Stormtrooper, we didn’t get names, only designations. So Poe named me when we first met. He offered that I could use his last name because I don’t have my own.” The grey-haired woman looked at him, stunned. “Did he now? Well, that’s very nice of him.” Finn nodded enthusiastically. Kaela wondered what the boy would say if she told him Poe knew very well that last names were not even required when signing up. As an inter-planetary organization, the Resistance was aware that family names were not used everywhere. Any name that allows identification was good enough. Finn could have gone only by his first name for all they cared. But seeing the happy look on his face, Kaela decided not to mention that. It would be good for the boy to feel like he was part of a new family here. “Give me one moment,” she said as she typed something into her datapad. A little machine on her desk sprung to life and starting beeping and rattling. Kaela waited a moment and then took out something from a small hatch on the side of the machine. “Hereby I officially welcome you to the Resistance, Finn Dameron,” she said formally as she handed Finn an ID card and a metal badge that said ‘F. Dameron’. “Take good care of these. Make sure to carry the badge with you at all times. The ID card is for entering your rooms or picking up food, clothes and equipment. I was told you are not supposed to take up any training or missions for another week anyway because of your injury. Take care of yourself and use the time to get acquainted with the base and the crew. Everyone here is thankful for any newcomers so you will feel at home very quickly, I hope.” Finn thanked her and made his way out of the office. He decided to take a tour around the base to get acquainted with his new surroundings. The layout of the complex was simple enough that he was sure he would not get lost. Finn had attached the metal badge to Poe’s jacket and wore it proudly. Two weeks ago, he would have been worried that he did not belong to the Resistance and scared that the First Order might find and kill him. But now he was more than grateful to have found a real home. A home where people cared about who he was. Not just as a number but a person. He was not going to run away and hide while the First Order kept slaughtering innocent people. He thought of Rey again and how much he wished that she was there with him now. She had been so much stronger and more courageous than him. Hopefully she would return soon and bring back Luke Skywalker, too. In the end, Finn explored almost every corner of the base that he had access to. Although moving around strained his back, his legs already felt considerably stronger than earlier that morning. Just as he was going to return to his and Poe’s room, he faintly heard the familiar rumbling of x-wing engines. But before he made it all the way to the main hangar gate, he realized that something was wrong. Medics were rushing past him and he heard agitated voices coming from their commlinks, too distorted by static for him to understand. Finn’s heart started pounding harder. As far as he knew, Poe and his Blue Squadron had been the only ones who had left the base that day. Finn followed the medics as fast as his legs and back allowed him. As soon as he made his way to the hangar main gate, he froze. Black One, Poe’s beloved x-wing, had crash-landed in the middle of the landing strip. A thick column of black smoke was rising from the tail end of the starfighter. Both of her starboard laser cannons had been ripped off. The cockpit was half gone, sharp glass edges and bend metal pointing skyward. Two of the medics had already climbed up to the cockpit while two more were waiting on the ground with a stretch. Heart hammering in his chest, Finn ran towards the x-wing, ignoring the burning pain along his back. His legs almost gave out beneath him. “Oh no, no, no,” he swore under his breath. Stumbling towards the ship, he called out, “Poe! Is he all right?!” One of the medics turned towards Finn and grabbed his shoulders, stopping him. “Hey, boy, wait,” he said firmly, holding Finn back. “That’s my friend in there!” Finn shouted louder than he had meant to. “We are here to help your friend,” the medic replied with a grim look on his face. He was obviously annoyed by someone getting in his way while he was working. By then, the two other medics had managed to lift Poe from the ruined cockpit. Carefully, they laid him onto the stretch and started a quick assessment of the pilot’s injuries. Finn just stood there and stared at his friend. Poe seemed to be unconscious. The right side of his face was covered in blood, brown curls sticking to his skin. Along his right arm and shoulder, the orange pilot suit was torn and singed. A jagged piece of metal as big as Finn’s whole hand protruded from Poe’s shoulder, blood seeping into the ripped fabric. Before Finn could come any closer, one of the medics pushed him to the side. “Kid, get out of the way if you want your friend to be okay,” he grunted. Wordlessly, Finn stood and watched as they hurried off towards the main building. Only then did Finn realize that three other x-wings had landed besides Poe’s. One of them was also damaged. However, the damage seemed to be less severe and the pilot was already disembarking on his own. At the medical ward, Finn was told to wait outside. Finn slumped into one of the chairs in front of the main treatment room. His back was on fire and his legs were shaking from exhaustion but he ignored both. After what felt like an eternity, a med droid emerged from the room. “Master Dameron is in a stable condition,” it informed him in its tinny voice. “However, only family members or the general will be allowed to see him at this time. Please come back in a few hours.” Finn got up and snarled at the droid, “I want to see him. Now.” He pointed at the silver badge on his jacket. "Do you see that? It says ‘Dameron’ right here. I am family!” The droid paused for a moment before beeping twice and moving to the side. “You may enter,” it said and Finn almost imagined hearing a hint of a huff in its voice. Inside the room, Poe was propped against the headrest of the bed. His shoulder and chest were bandaged, the rest of his body covered in a thick white blanket. An angry red gash on his right temple had been closed with stitches. The pilot slowly opened his eyes at the sound of the door closing behind Finn. When he saw his friend, Poe’s face began to light up. Finn felt relief wash over him. “Finn, buddy!” he said, his voice slightly strained. “Good to see you. Guess I blew it today,” he grimaced. “Wrecked my baby, too.” Poe’s face darkened considerably as he said that. “I’m just happy to see you in one piece!” Finn exclaimed and sat down on the edge of the bed. “But did you have to do this now? I just got out of here last night. I wasn’t looking forward to coming back here again that quickly,” he said, only half joking. “What happened anyway?” “We flew that training mission. Shouldn’t even have been any trouble at all. But seems like there was an ambush. We were attacked by First Order fighters. I wasn’t careful enough. Wasn’t supposed to happen.” Finn frowned at that. An ambush? “Looks like we’re both out of service for a while now,” he mused. “It’s only two cuts. I have had worse,” Poe shrugged. “I’ll be back in the seat in no time. But fixing my ship may take longer than I would like. Thanks for dropping by, really,” he continued. Then his gaze dropped down to Finn’s chest and the new badge. For a long moment, Poe did not say anything. Gently, he took Finn’s hand and just held it in his own. Finn did not pull away. When Poe looked up from the badge, he met Finn’s eyes and smiled. “Finn Dameron. I like that.” Notes: I warned you this would be slow burn. (: But anticipation is better than instant gratification, isn't it? There is still some way to go. Please let me know what you think. Chapter 4 : Oh he's a cuddler Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe was allowed to leave the medical ward the next day. The first thing he did was to check out the damage his T-70 had suffered. Finn found him in the hangar, inspecting the ruined starfighter and muttering curses. “How’s it looking?” Finn called out as he made his way towards the pilot. “Not very good. She will be out of service for at least a month,” Poe grumbled as he turned to look at his friend. “But the good news is that the general agreed to let me use one of the old Y-Wings until my own ship can be repaired.” Poe smiled excitedly as he continued, “And I was wondering whether you’d like to join me. I could use a good gunner. Once your back is healed and you’re allowed to start training, of course!” Finn looked at him, stunned. “You want to fly with me? I’m sure there are better gunners available-“ “But I want you,” Poe interrupted. “You did an amazing job that day we escaped from the Finalizer. Just imagine what you could do with a little training.” He grabbed Finn’s shoulders with both hands to emphasise that he was serious about his request. Finn frowned slightly while he thought about the offer. Sure, he had been trained for years to use a gun. He had been a gunner for both Poe and Rey, even if only shortly. But then he had chickened out and tried to run and hide from the First Order. Was he really the right person to rely on in a real battle? He had hoped to delay the decision on how he could contribute to the Resistance’s cause for another week or two. “Come on, what do you say, buddy?” Poe asked, head cocked to one side and looking at him expectantly. Looking into Poe’s brown eyes, Finn realized that the ace pilot of the Resistance would not offer him a gunner seat if he did not believe in his skills. He would not risk his life and his ship just to be nice. Slowly, Finn nodded. “All right, I’ll do it.” At that, Poe’s face lit up and he squeezed Finn’s shoulders slightly. Not for the first time, Finn noticed that Poe’s happiness was seriously contagious. No one could possibly resist the charm of such an earnest smile. “You won’t regret it, Finn, I promise!” “How’s your shoulder anyway?” Finn asked and looked at the spot where the shrapnel had protruded from Poe’s body the day before. “Not that bad. The meds they gave me did a good job. It hurts but not any more than the other cuts I collected over the years did. You look better, too. I’m sure we can start flying next week.” The longing in Poe’s voice was obvious. Knowing that his ship was wrecked and he could have been grounded for a month or longer had to be hard for the pilot. From everything Finn had heard other people say and had seen from watching his friend, he knew flying really was Poe’s greatest passion. Knowing that Poe wanted to share that with Finn made him feel warm and fuzzy inside. He was still so new to this whole ‘having friends’ thing that he was often unsure how to respond or how to act. What was considered normal behaviour? What was too much or too little? Hugs, holding hands, sharing meals and clothes, casual physical contact, smiles and jokes, … he still had so much to figure out now that he was free from the strict rules of the stormtrooper training. That night it was Finn who was woken by strange noises. He was too drowsy to know exactly what had woken him up. It could have been a sob or a whimper or maybe just a cough. Staring at the bunk above him, he stayed still and waited. There was the noise again. Slowly, Finn got out of his bed. “Poe?” “Leave me alone,” he heard Poe’s harsh reply. Although his voice was low, it was dripping with hatred. Taken aback, Finn blinked and stared into the darkness of Poe’s bunk. “Okay, sorry. I didn’t mean to-“ “Get out of my head,” Poe whispered. “You can’t have me. Get out of my head, you monster.” It was then that Finn realized Poe was still asleep, talking to Kylo Ren in his nightmare. As quickly as his sore back allowed, he climbed up the ladder to Poe’s bed. “Poe, wake up,” he said, trying to stay calm. He remembered the nightmares they had talked about and it sent a shiver down his spine. The other man didn’t react to his words. Instead, he kept muttering, “Please, no. Please, …” Hearing the pleading tone in his friend’s voice made Finn uneasy. This was so wrong. “Poe, please wake up,” he tried again and gently touched Poe’s arm. Still no reaction. “Come on, wake up, it’s just a dream.” Finn climbed all the way onto the bed and knelt next to the sleeping figure. He grabbed Poe’s uninjured shoulder and shook him. The only light in the room was coming from the small window that lead to the hangar and landing pad which were lit up all day round. It was just enough to make out Poe’s face. The look on it twisted Finn’s stomach. He knew all too well what nightmares could do to someone. He leaned closer and shook Poe again, harder this time. “You’re safe here. It’s me, Finn. Poe, please wake up.” Finally, the other man stirred. With a gasp, Poe opened his eyes and stared at Finn. It took Poe a second to recognize the face in front of him. “Finn,” he just breathed and brought up both arms to pull Finn into a surprisingly strong embrace. Finn sucked in a startled breath and tried to not fall onto Poe’s injured arm. Poe held onto him as if he was a lifesaver in the midst of a raging ocean. Finn could feel the warm breath on his neck and relaxed a little. “You okay?” he murmured against Poe’s soft curls. After a few seconds of hesitation, he could feel Poe nod. “You’re safe,” Finn reassured his friend. “I’m here. I won’t let anything happen to you,” he continued, more to himself than to Poe. “Thank you,” Poe whispered in reply, voice sounding strange. His left arm tightened around Finn. “Please… stay?” Finn was surprised but nodded. He shifted to Poe’s uninjured side and settled in next to him. Poe never let go. Finn draped his left arm across Poe’s chest and got comfortable. The other’s body heat and heart beat were almost hypnotizing. It was the first time Finn ever felt the relaxing sensation of another’s body pressed against his own. He stayed perfectly still, listening to Poe’s now regular breathing. It was as if all stress and all his worries had just disappeared into thin air. His body felt light as a feather and he sighed, his fingers absentmindedly tracing patterns on Poe’s warm chest. Finn tried to stay awake to soak in the feeling of relaxation but he soon fell asleep, his face nuzzled against Poe’s neck. Notes: I wanted to give you a quick (and short, sorry) update before the year ends! Ah, I would have loved to just write ten chapters about Poe and Finn cuddling. I hope you like it. Please let me know what you think. Your sweet comments are the best motivation. (: I wish all of you a very happy new year! Chapter 5 : New Habits Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn woke slowly, dragged from his most peaceful slumber in months by a hand stroking his short hair gently. He blinked and stifled a yawn. When his eyes focused, he was looking right into Poe’s brown eyes, only a few inches from his face. Outside the sun was rising. The memory of the night before came back to him. For a long moment he just stared at the pilot. Poe smiled lazily and looked like he had also woken up only a minute ago. Not looking away, Finn assessed the situation. They were still in Poe’s bed. Poe uninjured arm was wrapped around Finn’s waist tightly, pulling him close. Poe had dropped his other hand from Finn’s hair now and looked like he wanted to say something. He did not. Although the cut on his temple was still red, it was already fading thanks to some generous bacta application. Through the thin fabric of Finn’s t-shirt, he could feel the warmth of Poe’s body. It was such a strange new sensation. First Order stormtroopers were always watched closely and anything even close to a friendship was uncommon and discouraged. Even for a stormtrooper, Finn had always been considered an outsider by his old comrades. No one had ever held his hand or given him so much as a reassuring hug after one of his usual nightmares. It just was not done. Finn closed his eyes again and let out a content sigh before he could stop himself. How had he survived for 23 years without knowing the safety and comfort of physical contact? The craving washed over him like a wave, clutching his heart almost painfully. He never wanted to miss this feeling again. Right next to Finn’s ear, Poe made a deep humming sound somewhere between a sigh and a moan. It startled Finn and he realized he had unconsciously pressed his whole body against the pilot’s. But Poe did not protest or push him away, so Finn stayed where he was, breathing in Poe’s familiar scent and enjoying the newly found comfort. Somewhere at the back of his mind, a weak voice wondered whether he was behaving oddly for a friend. Since Poe did nothing that indicated he was overstepping any boundaries, Finn chose to ignore that voice. Eventually, Poe shifted and started stretching. He gently nudged Finn’s shoulder. “Hmmmm?” Finn grumbled and cracked open one eye. “Morning,” Poe yawned. “Sleep well?” “Better than ever,” Finn replied honestly and smiled. Poe returned the smile and for a second it looked like he was unsure what to do or say next. Then he sighed and hesitantly let go of Finn. “I think we better get up now,” he said and sat up quickly. Without waiting for Finn’s reply, he got out of bed and disappeared into the bathroom to take a shower. A slightly confused Finn was left behind, staring at the closed bathroom door. Finn started to worry that he had indeed done something wrong. However, over the course of the morning and during breakfast Poe seemed to be behaving perfectly normal. By early noon Finn had forgotten all about his worries. Poe had taken him to the crew equipment room where a short Abednedo handed Finn a whole bag of clothes. They were the same brown, tan and grey clothes that most of the Resistance members seemed to wear. The day passed without any notable occurrences. Both Poe and Finn were still recovering from their injuries and not allowed to participate in any training. While Poe was being debriefed about his training mission gone wrong, Finn wandered around the base. Outside on the landing pad, BB-8 rolled past Finn and beeped what sounded like a cheerful greeting at him. Finn waved at the little droid that seemed very busy checking on the two technicians who were working on Poe’s Black One. The planet D’Qar was almost entirely covered in forests and lakes. It was a peaceful place and Finn found it wonderfully relaxing to stroll along beneath the impossibly green trees. During his time with the First Order, he had spent most of his days on the Starkiller base or aboard the huge star destroyers. When Finn returned to their room about two hours later, he pulled up short in front of the closed door. From inside the room, he heard music. Finn let his hand sink down before he pulled the door open and listened. It was a slow, sad tune, played on a string instrument. It was impossible for Finn to guess what kind of instrument it was exactly as he had not heard a lot of music in his life. Then he heard Poe’s familiar raspy voice. He was singing in a language completely unknown to Finn. Although he could not understand a single word, Finn suddenly felt like he was eavesdropping. As if he was witnessing something very intimate. Poe’s voice sounded so sad, so wonderful. Finn stood in front of the door perfectly still for a few minutes as he listened. Once Poe’s voice trailed off, Finn dared to enter the room. Poe was sitting on his bed cross-legged, plucking idly at the instrument he held. He looked up in surprise when he heard the door but made no move to stop what he was doing. “Hey Finn,” Poe greeted him with a smile and looked back down at his instrument. He kept plucking the strings slowly, seemingly lost in thought. “I didn’t know you played an instrument,” Finn said as he took off his boots and sank onto the bench in the corner opposite of the bed. “There are many things you don’t know about me yet, Finn,” Poe replied without looking up. “I enjoy playing when I’m grounded. It’s a nice change from all the flying and shooting and blowing things up.” “Can you sing something for me?” Finn asked. At that, Poe put down his instrument and looked up. He cocked his head to one side. The look on his face made Finn suspect it might have been the first time anyone had ever asked him for that. “Sure, I can,” Poe said after a moment and sounded almost surprised by his own reply. “But another time. I’ll find a good song for you.” Then Poe got up and climbed off the bed to put away the instrument in a case that had been stored under the bottom bed. At dinner that night, Poe introduced Finn to two of the pilots who served under him in his Blue Squadron: Jessika, a dark haired young woman and Snap, a sturdy man with a beard. Jessika had been the other pilot he had seen crash land at the base two days earlier. But unlike Poe, she had been lucky and only gotten a few bruises. It was obvious that Snap and Jessika strongly admired Poe. As soon as Poe had introduced Finn, the two pilots thanked him profusely for saving their commander’s life. Apparently they had already heard the whole story about Finn’s and Poe’s meeting on the Finalizer. Finn had a creeping suspicion that Poe might have slightly exaggerated the heroic details of their escape, though. It did not escape Finn’s notice that Jessika and Snap exchanged a look after seeing the name tag that Finn wore on his jacket. Both of them excused themselves soon after finishing their dinner to attend a late flight training session. As they were leaving, Finn decided he liked them both and was almost giddy about having met two more potential new friends. Back in their room that night, Poe was stretching out on his bunk and chattering on about the different kinds of spaceships he had piloted in his life while Finn was brushing his teeth. Poe seemed to be in a better mood than he had been the day before when he had seen the damage done to his X-wing for the first time. It made Finn happy to see his friend back to his usual excited chattering. Listening to Poe’s rambling, Finn stood in front of the bed, indecisively shifting from one foot to the other. Should he ask Poe? Was that awkward? He played with the hem of his shirt nervously while trying to make up his mind. Poe seemed to sense Finn’s unease and propped himself up on his uninjured arm to look down at his friend. “You okay, Finn?” Finn nodded slowly but could not decide what to say. Poe raised one eyebrow and patted the empty spot next to him, smiling impishly. “Would you like to sleep here?” Finn flashed a grateful smile and nodded again, more enthusiastically this time. “Yes, I would like that!” “Come on then, hop in.” Poe scooted closer to the wall and made sure his injured right arm was out of the way. Finn climbed up the ladder and stretched out next to Poe. The bed was just big enough for both of them to stretch out comfortably. “You know, you can sleep here whenever you want,” Poe said as he turned to face Finn. “No need to ask.” “I’m not used to this, you know?” Finn started a little awkwardly. “Used to what exactly?” “To… this,” Finn said and gestured between them. “Being close to someone. We weren’t allowed to do this…” He trailed off, not wanting to think about the First Order now that he was in a warm bed under a soft blanket next to the first friend he had ever made. “Well, you really missed out. Sounds like you need to catch up on a few things. Lucky you have me,” Poe said with a wink. “I’m really glad I met you, Poe. I could not have asked for a better friend.” Poe smiled at that and switched off the little reading lamp next to him. “I could not have asked for anyone better myself,” he said as he pulled the blanket around both of them. “Sleep tight, Finn.” Finn had already closed his eyes and was nestled in next to Poe. He murmured a reply and yawned. His hand found Poe’s and he laced their fingers together. Poe gave Finn’s hand a light squeeze and pressed a very gentle kiss against his forehead. “No more nightmares,” Finn breathed and sank deep into the land of dreams. Notes: These two keep getting sweeter and sweeter. Too much maybe? Ah well. The next chapter will have some action. (: If you have ever heard Oscar Isaac sing, you know why Poe needs to do this. Please let me know what you think so far. Thank you all so much for your sweet comments. I haven't had the time to reply to you individually but every single comment makes me so happy. Have a nice day you all! Chapter 6 : This is your pilot speaking Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Over the next week, Finn made it his nightly routine to climb into Poe’s bunk. They spent the evenings telling stories while enjoying each other’s company. To be fair, it was usually Poe who talked while Finn listened to the adventures of the pilot’s life. Finn fell asleep in Poe’s arms every night. He could not remember ever feeling as happy as he did then. Twice, he was woken by Poe’s nightmares. Both times he had stayed awake, sitting cross-legged with Poe’s head in his lap and talked about anything that came to his mind until Poe had fallen asleep again. He could tell Poe was grateful for the comfort but they did not talk about it the next morning. Finn often thought about Rey as well. He hoped she had found Luke Skywalker and that she and Chewbacca were safe. He hoped she would return soon. Thanks to Poe, his pilot friends and General Organa, the Resistance base felt like the home he had always dreamt of. Sometimes he thought of his old stormtrooper comrades Slip, Zeroes and Nines. Those times he remembered his first ground mission on Jakku and Slip dying in his arms. He had not been able to help him that time and the guilt still haunted him from time to time. Then his mind wandered to the destruction of the Starkiller base. Thousands of people dead, just like that. Most of them had been just like him. Taken from a family as a baby and conditioned all their lives. Finn knew he was not a hero. He was not special. And that came with the realization that there could have been others just like him. Maybe there had been troopers brooding over escape plans, wishing for nothing more than to leave the First Order behind. None of them had been given the chance and now they were dead. They would never learn what freedom, friendship and family meant. When he kept thinking about it too long, he felt frustration starting to burn in his chest. Did the Resistance really do the right thing? All his life he had been told they were evil, the bad guys. They needed to be destroyed. Now he had switched sides but he knew that not everyone working for the First Order was evil. The troopers had no choice. It was not their fault. They were being abused as tools, nothing more. Some nights Finn lay awake and stared at the ceiling above him. He listened to Poe’s breathing and felt the tickle of it warm against his neck. In those moments, his newfound happiness was tainted by his worries. But most of the time, Finn was grateful. He was grateful for the chance of living his own life. He had been more than lucky to make it out alive and he was not going to waste that chance. The First Order had to be stopped so that no young kid ever had to grow up like he had. Another habit Finn had picked up was to grab whatever article of clothing he felt like wearing, whether it was from his own side of the wardrobe or from Poe’s. Finn had never been used to the concept of “yours” and “mine” as the First Order supplied everyone with standard equipment and no one really had any noteworthy personal belongings. It had taken Poe four days to notice. “Hey Finn, have you seen that blue shirt I put here last night? I can’t find it anywhere,” Poe had called out from where he was rummaging through the clothes in his wardrobe after taking a shower. Finn had been absorbed by the story he was reading on his datapad and only hummed a distracted “hm?” in reply without looking up. “My shirt, Finn. It’s a lucky one. I wore it during a nasty run in with a krayt dragon last year,” Poe continued. When he got no reply, he turned around and looked at his friend. Finn was lounging on the bottom bed, wearing Poe’s lucky blue shirt. “Ah I see. There it is,” Poe huffed in mock annoyance and narrowed his eyes. Sensing that the other man was staring at him, Finn looked up, eyebrows raised. “Sorry, what did you say?” “Ah, nothing. I was just talking to myself,” Poe said and eyed Finn. Well, he had allowed Finn to borrow his clothes. He had just assumed that after Finn had picked up his own, he would wear those. Finn had already returned his attention to the datapad in his hands. He did not notice the smile that spread across Poe’s face at seeing him there wearing his friend’s favourite shirt. Poe decided he liked the look of it. It made him feel oddly possessive. Not of the clothes but of the man inside them. After Poe had chosen a different shirt, he clasped his hand on Finn’s shoulder. “What do you say, should we go get that old Y-wing started? The week is over; you’re allowed to come with me now.” Poe almost jumped up and down with excitement. It took Finn about two seconds to drop the datapad and climb out of the bed. Thanks to a week of physical therapy and the help of a few generous applications of bacta, his back was almost back to normal. He had been getting fidgety with all the excess energy he now had. “I’m ready when you are!” he exclaimed and grabbed the tan pilot jacket Poe had given him an eternity ago. As if on cue, there was a whistling sound in front of the door and BB-8 rolled into the room. “Oh hey buddy!” Poe greeted his astromech. “Are you here to pick us up? Your timing is perfect.” BB-8 beeped in a way that Finn would have described as “excited” even though he did not understand the slightest bit of droidspeak. Poe draped his arm over Finn’s shoulder and guided him towards the hangar. “Don’t I have to take some proper training lessons before I officially board one of the Resistance ships?” Poe waved a hand at that and kept walking. “Technically, this won’t be an official flight.” Finn groaned. “You’re not going to steal a ship, are you?” “It’s hardly stealing if I’m the assigned pilot anyway, right?” Poe replied, sounding unconcerned. “Let’s just say… I’m going to give you a private demonstration of your future duties. See if you’re fit for the job and all that.” The hangar and landing pad were still quiet. Only a pair of technicians was working on a battered old landspeeder. They looked up and called out a greeting before returning to their work. The old Y-Wing Poe had been given as a replacement for his X-Wing was parked on the southern side of the landing pad. BB-8 beeped and sped ahead towards the ship. As they got closer, Finn could see that the ship had long since passed its prime. It had its fair share of battle scars. “Are you sure this thing is space-worthy?” Finn asked incredulously. “Don’t worry, buddy. BB and I checked everything three times. This baby may not be a beauty but she is perfectly functional.” “If you say so…” Finn trailed off as he followed Poe up the ladder into the cockpit. Unlike the X-Wings, this ship was designed for two crew members. Behind the pilot seat, there was a small gunner turret with a swivelling seat not unlike the one in the Falcon. BB-8 had been pulled up and taken its position behind the turret. Finn got seated and strapped himself in. The controls looked slightly similar to the ones in the TIE-Fighter Poe and he had stolen from the Finalizer. Poe leaned over his shoulder and quickly pointed out how to use the different weapons of the Y-Wing. “Just to be safe. But I don’t plan to get us in trouble today. Just sit back and relax. I want to show you something nice.” When Finn asked where they were going, Poe just shook his head and smiled. “It’s a surprise.” A few minutes later, they were in the air. Finn marvelled at the green and blue planet below. It only took a moment for an angry voice to reach them through the radio. “Poe Dameron! What do you think you’re doing? No flights were scheduled for you today!” “Good morning Jeka, good to hear from you,” Poe replied cheerfully. “No need to worry, I’m just giving our newest team member a short tour. We will be back in time for lunch.” Angry swearing could be heard, followed by a few barked orders to return immediately and that Poe would be doing kitchen duty for two weeks if they did not listen. Poe switched off the radio with a flick of his thumb while Finn stared at him from above. “You are stealing this ship!” “Come on, Finn. We won’t be gone for long. And the general can never be angry for too long. Even she can’t resist this,” he laughed and turned around to flash his most charming smile. He looked outrageously handsome, Finn thought grudgingly. No surprise that he got away with way more than was good for him. They entered hyperspace shortly after and Finn wondered where they might be going. Thankfully the trip was short. As they left hyperspace, Finn saw a planet that looked not unlike D’Qar. “Where are we?” “This is Naboo. Have you ever been here?” “No. I have never even heard of it.” Finn admitted. “How do you like it?” “It looks beautiful,” Finn replied, looking at the planet below as they were descending. He could see snow covered mountains, expansive green fields and waterfalls that were glistening in the sunlight. Up close it looked very different from D’Qar. They were close to the surface when suddenly a jolt went through the small ship and alarms started blaring. Poe swore loudly as he pulled the ship to the side. A laser cannon shot missed them by inches. “What’s going on?!” Finn called out as he grabbed the gun controls and tried to spot the attacker to fire back. “I don’t know! This is not how I am usually greeted here!” Before either of them could say anything else, the starboard engine exploded with a deafening boom. Finn’s ears were ringing. The ship started spiralling towards the ground uncontrolled. The explosion had shattered part of the cockpit. Finn turned around to see if Poe was all right but smoke stung in his eyes and made it hard to breathe. Another explosion shook the ship and by then, Finn was sure they were as good as dead. The ship hit something with a loud crunching noise and shook violently. Maybe trees. Finn coughed. Breathing was almost impossible now. Somewhere far away Finn heard BB-8 beeping frantically. Then everything went black. Notes: Uh oh, the boys are getting into some real trouble now. I promised some action after all that sweet cuddling and you will get some more in the next chapter. Sorry about the lack of cuteness but I will more than make up for it, I promise! The next chapter is the one I have been looking forward to since I started. Please let me know what you think. Your comments make my day! <3 Chapter 7 : Kissed by shadow Notes: Oh, now it's getting exciting! Slight warning for torture. Hardly worse than the movie, really. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) When Poe woke up, he was being dragged across a landing pad by two people to his sides. Everything was blurry and his head ached. Slowly, he lifted his head and looked up to see that his two captors were wearing stormtrooper uniforms. Panic welled up inside him. No, no, no, no. He tried to pull free but the two stormtroopers were too strong. “Let me go!” He tried to yell at them but his voice came out as hardly more than a cough. Poe tried to dig his heels into the ground. Not even slowing down, one of the troopers turned and hit Poe across the face with a gloved hand. Poe could feel warm blood running from his nose and drip to the ground. Where was Finn? As much as he wanted to call out for Finn, he held back. Maybe there was a chance, even just a tiny chance, that the First Order troopers had only found him. Maybe Finn had escaped. Then Poe felt his stomach clench. What if Finn had died in the crash? What if he had been thrown from the wreck and was dying somewhere in the forest right now? Or maybe he would hear blaster fire in a second and the two troopers would drop dead and Finn would come running across the landing pad together with BB-8 to get him out of there. But nothing happened. Poe was dragged through a door in the side of a low concrete building. It had to be some kind of First Order outpost. He filed away the information but it took him only a second to realize that he would never have a chance to report back to the general. You don’t escape from the First Order. Not twice. He knew as a known Resistance fighter, there was not even hope for a swift death. They would torture him all over again to pry every last secret from him. Poe felt nauseous at the thought. He had always known what he was getting himself into when he had joined the Resistance. But only a fool would not be scared of torture. He remembered the time on the Finalizer all too well. No matter how much he had screamed and bled and begged for the pain to stop, he had not given away his secret. And then Kylo Ren had ripped it from his brain just like that. Maybe Kylo Ren would come again, take all the remaining information from him and kill him quickly. The stormtroopers dragged him into a cell and chained his hands to the wall above his head. In a desperate last attempt at defiance, Poe spit at the one who had punched him earlier. The trooper responded by kicking Poe’s side hard enough that the pilot thought he would throw up. When the door banged shut, Poe realized he was not alone in the cell. On the other side of the room, he could see a dark silhouette but the light was too dim to make out details. The other person seemed to be unconscious. When his eyes had adjusted to the dark a few minutes later, he felt like his heart stopped for a second. Finn. “Finn?” Poe whispered. “Finn, are you okay?” It took several long minutes before Finn stirred. He groaned and tried to move but his hands were chained up above his head just like Poe's. “Finn! Please tell me you’re okay, buddy,” Poe urged. He tried pulling on his shackles to get any closer to the other man but it was no use. He could hardly lean forward. “Where are we?” Finn asked, confused. “What happened? I remember that we crashed… and that’s it.” “They got us, Finn,” Poe breathed, sounding defeated. “The First Order got us.” Finn froze and stared at him in horror. Poe wanted to scream and cry and tear down the entire building. “I’m so sorry, Finn. We never had any information about a First Order base on Naboo. It’s all my fault. If I hadn’t been so stupid and reckless… I’m so sorry…” Poe trailed off and looked at the ground. He could not bear to see Finn’s face. Finn did not reply. He did not yell at him. He just sat there and said nothing. In a way, that was worse than being yelled at, Poe thought. They sat in silence for a long while, both lost in their own thoughts. Poe wanted so desperately to say something that would reassure Finn. Tell him they would be all right. They would find a way to get out of there. Someone would come to rescue them. Maybe BB-8 had been able to transmit an emergency message to the Resistance before the ship was destroyed. He hoped the little droid was okay. The thought of it possibly being blown to pieces pained him more than it should. After what felt like an eternity, the heavy door opened again and four strormtroopers came inside. They escorted Poe and Finn down a narrow corridor and into another, bigger cell. One of the stormtroopers kept his blaster trained on Poe while a second one chained him against a wall again. Swearing the entire time, Poe tried to kick them but it only earned him another hard slap across the face. Finn was still silent. Poe saw that his friend was staring straight ahead; jaw set, not even acknowledging that anyone else was in the room with him. He seemed to steel himself against what was to come. Probably not a bad idea but it was not in Poe’s blood to stay quiet, no matter how afraid he was. The stormtroopers who had escorted Finn into the new cell shoved him towards a chair in the middle of the room. Although "chair" was the wrong word, Poe thought grimly. It was the same kind of apparatus that he had been strapped up to during his capture on the Finalizer. The troopers left them alone with the interrogation droid afterwards. Finn’s silence lasted one hour. Then, after an hour of the interrogation droid’s precise work, Finn uttered his first strained “please, stop”. The sound of it sent chills down Poe’s spine and he started cursing at the droid, straining against his shackles, even though he knew it would do nothing. Finn’s pleading only seemed to motivate the droid now that it had gotten a first reaction out of the stubborn traitor in front of him. It took another thirty minutes until Finn started screaming in anger and pain. Poe knew their captors had chained him up in the same room so he would watch his friend and know exactly what was going to happen when it was his turn. As if he could ever have forgotten that. Poe could not take it for another moment. He could not watch what the droid was doing to Finn and just stand there. He kept cursing every curse in every language he knew and then some more. He threw himself against his shackles until his wrists started bleeding. Somewhere at the back of his mind, Poe could feel the hatred and the rage that Kylo Ren had left behind when taking apart his mind. That dark presence he had been trying so hard to suppress now gave him strength. Oh how he hated the First Order. How he hated that wretched interrogation droid. How he hated seeing Finn get hurt by anyone or anything. Poe felt a rush of power surge through his body. It was as if someone had given him water after being lost in a desert for days. With a loud screeching noise, the shackles tore out of the wall and Poe was free. He threw himself at the droid and punched the steel in blind rage. The droid fell over and let out a piercing alarm. Finn watched in shock as Poe yelled something unintelligible at the droid below him. Suddenly, the alarm broke off and it looked like the droid crumpled in on itself like a tin can under too much pressure. Poe’s rage did not stop there. He tore off one of the droid's arms and smashed it into the control panel on the wall. The restraints on the interrogation chair hissed and opened. Surprised, Finn fell to his knees with a loud groan. Poe stood there for a short moment, breathing heavily and staring at the destruction around them. The anger was like a red hot flame in his veins. Then he rushed forward to kneel besides Finn and carefully pull him up into his arms. The whole thing had only lasted a few seconds but he knew they did not have much time until the guards would be there. Are you okay? Poe wanted to ask but he knew It was the wrong question. “Can you walk?” he asked instead and Finn nodded, still staring at him as if he had just seen a bantha grow wings and fly away on a rainbow. “How did you-“ Finn started but was cut short when the door opened and two guards rushed in, blasters raised. Before they could shoot, Poe whipped around. “You can’t have us!” he snarled and the two stormtroopers were thrown backwards, slamming into the wall hard enough to crack their armour. They stayed down, apparently unconscious. Poe grabbed Finn’s hand and pulled him forward. They snatched the two blasters the stormtroopers had dropped and raced outside. Finn stumbled slightly, exhausted from the pain and blood loss. “Come on Finn, stay with me!” Poe called out and held onto Finn’s hand tightly. It seemed like the building was just a small outpost with a few members of security crew. The corridors were empty but Poe was sure they would not be able to just leave that easily. Sure enough, as they rounded the next corner, they almost ran into two troopers. Thankfully Finn was still an amazing shot and took down both of them before they had even realized what was happening. When they stepped over the bodies, Poe heard a familiar whistling from inside the room the two troopers had guarded. BB-8 was strapped down inside like someone would do to a mad rancor to keep it from lashing out. “BB! Oh, I’m so glad you’re in one piece!” Poe let go of Finn’s hand and freed the little droid. Finn stood guard at the door. Somewhere, an alarm went off. They had only taken down four stormtroopers but Poe hoped they would not encounter too many more on their way outside. “Hey BB, did you see which way they used to bring you in? Do you think you can lead us back outside?” The little droid beeped in confirmation and nodded its head before speeding out of the room. Finn and Poe raced after it. They heard steps following in the corridor they had just come from. BB-8 came to a halt in front of a small door. “Come on buddy, you need to help me crack this lock.” Poe lifted up the heavy droid, swaying slightly. BB-8 went to work on the electronic lock instantly. Finn looked around the corner and started shooting at their pursuers. “Five troopers!” Finn called out. “Hurry! I don’t think I can get them all!” “We’re on it, we’re on it,” Poe wheezed. They heard a “click” and BB-8 beeped triumphantly as the door slid open. Putting down the droid and grabbing the blaster, Poe motioned Finn to follow him. They exited onto the landing pad. Poe assessed the situation with a trained eye and spotted a fairly unremarkable spaceship. He pointed at it and called out to Finn, “That one! We take that one!” The raced across the landing pad as fast as they could. Just as they made it to the ship, the two remaining troopers that Finn had missed earlier followed through the door. Finn took out another one while climbing into the cockpit. The engine roared to life. The last remaining stormtrooper came to a halt and got out his comlink. “Uh oh, that can’t be good. Let’s get out of here,” Poe said as he strapped himself in. “Finn, BB, you two on board and ready to go?” Finn clasped his hand down on Poe’s shoulder as he slumped into the co-pilot seat next to Poe. “Always ready to get out of here.” BB-8 whistled a confirmation from behind the cockpit where it had been pulled up into the astromech slot. A moment later, the ship took off, speeding into space. It was not until Poe had disabled the automatic tracking with BB-8’s help and entered hyperspace that he allowed himself to relax a little. “Finn, I really-” he began and turned towards his friend who lifted a hand to stop him mid-sentence. “Poe, I know you didn’t want this to happen,” Finn said slowly and searched Poe’s face for a long moment before continuing, “It’s not your fault. I know no one who ever got to meet the First Order droids would ever want to go through that experience again. Not that anyone gets the chance to, really…” Despite Finn’s reassuring words, Poe felt terrible. But before he could say anything, Finn spoke again. “What did you do anyway… How did you do that?!” Poe looked down at his hands. His knuckles and wrists were covered in dried blood. He could still feel that strange power pulsing under his skin. “I don’t know,” he began. “I think… maybe that was the Force? I never felt it before. I didn’t think I had it. I was just so angry !” Poe said with a frustrated snort. “I couldn’t watch how that droid hurt you. It was like something took control of me, Finn.” He looked up and grimaced. “It was scary. I have never been as scared and angry in my whole life. I can still feel it now.” “You’re hurt,” Finn said and took Poe’s hands into his own and inspected them, gently brushing his fingers over the broken skin. Poe winced slightly at the touch. “Are you kidding me?” he blurted out incredulously. “You had that- that thing work on you. Don’t worry about these scratches. There’s a first aid kit right here. Can I check what it did to you?” Finn hesitated for a moment before he nodded. He carefully removed his tattered shirt while Poe got the first aid kit from under the pilot seat. The cockpit was just big enough to move around but not quite big enough to walk around freely. “Okay, come here, let me see.” Poe carefully inspected Finn’s chest and arms. There were dozens of cuts and purple bruises scattered over Finn’s dark skin. The bruises were hardly noticeable at first but when Poe touched them gently to apply some of the ointment he had found in the first aid kit Finn winced and sucked in a breath. “Sorry Finn, I’m trying to be as careful as I can. My hands are not made for gentle touches,” Poe murmured absentmindedly. He went on to clean the cuts and then bandaged them. None of them were dangerous and they would heal within a day now that they had been treated but they were deep enough to inflict a lot of pain. Once he was bandaged and dressed, Finn reached for Poe’s hands again. He lifted them to his lips and pressed two careful kisses against Poe’s knuckles. Poe’s heart began to race at the touch. He wanted nothing more than to lean in and kiss Finn. He wanted to kiss him until all their worries had vanished into thin air. He wanted to tell him how much he cared. How much his heart hurt whenever they touched so casually and naturally but nothing ever happened beyond that. Poe searched Finn’s face for a hint that he wanted the same. Finn smiled at him then, the warmest and most beautiful smile Poe had ever seen. The last remnants of the rage inside him slowly faded away. “We will be okay, Poe. We will be okay.” Finn lifted a hand to Poe’s neck and pulled him closer ever so slightly, the touch light as a feather. His eyes dropped to Poe’s lips just for half a second but it was enough. That was the hint Poe had been waiting for all this time. He leaned in and gently pressed his lips against Finn’s. Finn’s lips were soft and warm and sweet. It was a short kiss but it was everything Poe had wished for. When they separated a moment later, neither of them said a word. They looked into each other’s eyes as if they were waiting for something to happen. An excited whistling from behind the seats jolted them out of their stupor and Poe started laughing. “Yes BB, I know we are the cutest!” Notes: Better don't fuck with angry Poe! Yes, yes, I made Poe Force-sensitive because... well, why not? I thought maybe he could have had the Force the whole time (because you need some damn good reflexes to become the best pilot in the galaxy) and Kylo Ren's pushing and probing might have set it off. Now poor Poe got some of Kylo's anger management issues, oopsie daisy. I guess if an untrained Rey can use the Jedi mind trick, telekinesis and fight Kylo with a lightsaber, then bad ass Poe can use some Force pushes to get Finn out of trouble. Let me know what you think. (: And if you don't like Force-user Poe, well, I apologize.