Kylo sat near the door of the cell, staring at Rey’s sleeping form which was strapped to the interrogation table. She’d been unconscious for almost an hour; still, he wanted to be there when she woke up for maximum efficacy considering she had the information to Luke Skywalker, the legendary Jedi. He prided himself in carrying out his duty perfectly, proving his allegiance to the dark side, gaining internal strength from his tributes. And this would be the same as any other – a naïve prisoner claiming to be able to resist the dark side, only to discover how irresistible it was, just as he himself had found out in his younger years. All rebellion would be crushed. She drew air in with a start, and her eyes widened as she saw his form. “You know I could do anything to you,” he said simply, coming closer. She winced at the proximity of his body considering her own vulnerable position. “It’s hard to be afraid of someone who hides behind a mask,” she spat, obviously desperately trying to convince herself as well as him. Wordlessly, he removed his helmet, dropping it on some ash with a thud, rising to whatever challenge she presented no matter how weak it was. Amazement was on her face as she saw his features. She had calmed slightly at his angelic face; a reaction that he was used to. People always wanted to see good in him, to see him as some misguided kid. He’d learned to shut that doubt out, dismissing it as short-sightedness on their part, relishing in their surprise when he would go in for the kill. “You saw the map. I want it,” he stated simply, still marvelling at the way she was conflicted inside just because of his appearance. And was that a faint blush on her face? “I won’t give it to you so easily!” she shouted, terror in her eyes. “We’ll see about that,” he replied mildly. He raised his hand, starting the information extraction process. Initially panicking, bit by bit she calmed down as she started to use her newfound affinity with the force to protect herself. His hand dropped in disbelief. She was somewhat immune to his probing, even though he could tell she was untrained. He didn’t have the ability to expose every last bit of her to him, to splay every last part of her inner workings for him to use against her. And it awoke in him a feeling which he hadn’t felt in a long time. At least, he’d tried to convince himself it hadn’t been there, although he knew it was always lurking in the background. Fear. “I can see in you fear… fear that you won’t be as good as Darth Vader,” she snarled, relishing in the way she’d turned the tables so quickly. She’d hit the nail on the head, and he knew his face would show that. He hadn’t had the need for acting practice with a helmet. And, while he did feel constant pressure to prove to himself that he could meet every challenge and thus overcome his doubts, some part of him wanted to run and clarify with his master Snoke what was the best way to accomplish his goals. “You mean as bad as Darth Vader,” he countered, deciding to stay for the ensuing battle between them. She blinked, but still looked strong. “Congratulations on your little victory,” he said with a tinge of sarcasm, reminding her of her current position. Her eyes widened, and fear crept onto her features again, which he was happy to see. He moved close; his face hovering inches above hers. Her breathing increased at his close proximity. He could tell that she was attracted to him on a primal level – she looked away with a frown on her face. “Looks like I’ll have to resort to more traditional methods to extract information,” he whispered. She gasped and looked at him, horrified. Kylo activated his lightsaber and expertly slit her top down the middle leaving her skin intact. He brushed both halves to the side, exposing her chest. He stood back. “Now are you going to show me the map or do I have to rape and torture you?” She was shaking. “G… Go to hell!” she yelled. “I was hoping you’d say that,” he said with a smirk as he climbed on her. Bending down, he kissed her deeply, and to his surprise, she allowed him to do that even though she didn’t kiss back. He could see her clearly, and knew exactly how to get to her. Any cruelty on his part would just bring out her warrior spirit, and he could tell that her desire for connection made her easy to manipulate. He’d make it as pleasurable as possible for her, and torture her from the conflict that it would create within her. He slowly stroked her flank and circled one of her nipples with his tongue. “No… I…” she stuttered, writhing from the unfamiliar sensations. He sucked strongly on her breast, but not hard enough to hurt. “Ah!” she cried, her body arching. He liked playing with her. The natural prodigy, the one who could stand up to him even though she had no training, was complete putty in his hands. Everything he did, she responded to sensitively and intensely. Finally, he slid down the slab, pulling her pants down to her thighs, exposing her nether regions. She was dripping wet, which wasn’t surprising considering how much she’d been reacting, but it was still nice to have that confirmation. “Am I the first one to taste you?” he murmured as he licked her opening, savouring that sweet moment. “No! Please!” she shouted desperately. He moved back. “Then show me the map,” he said, laughing at her, not bothering to wait for a response since he knew what her answer would be. Leaning forward again, he sucked strongly on her clit, earning him an uncontrolled wriggle and a gasp of pleasure. “Mmmmm,” he moaned as he continued to lick like a wild animal. She was frantically moving but seemed to not be panicking as much. Glancing up, he saw her eyes wide at this new sensation. Smirking, he inserted two fingers inside her and began to scissor, stretching her quickly. She whimpered, and her hands reached out to grab something, but finding nothing, they turned into fists. He couldn’t wait any longer. Undoing his front, he positioned himself over her entrance. “This will hurt the first time,” he said gently, warning her. He thrusted so just the tip was inside of her, and grunted as she tensed. Her face was screwed up in pain. “Just relax – it will feel better as you stretch,” he said, running his hand over the side of her face. “Why are you being so nice?” she muttered in a daze, not really thinking straight, hoping to feel comfort soon. “Well, you don’t have to insult me,” he said dryly. With that, he pushed forward and broke her hymen. She gave a piercing scream. After waiting a few moments, he thrust deeply in a steady rhythm, knowing that she could sense his own pleasure which would mitigate the pain she was feeling. Tears fell down her face as he continued to fulfil his animalistic needs. He continued to lick, kiss and stroke various places, soothing her, bit by bit causing her to lose herself, lose whatever resistance she had to what was happening, whether physical or mental. Thrusting at different angles, he found a spot inside her which caused her to gasp, and he made sure to hit that every time. Her body was relaxed, and her eyes closed. He realised that she needed him to continue. Eventually, one thrust caused her to react strongly and intensely, and she gave out a strangled groan, opening her eyes to look at the cell wall, desperately reminding herself of where she was. “Surely you don’t want me to stop now, darling,” he murmured, stilling his thrusts and kissing a sensitive spot on her neck. She looked at him, exposed, letting out an almost inaudible whine, already feeling the deprivation. He was pleased at the extent of her pleasure. “Last chance. Show me the map, or I’ll make you come in rivers of ecstasy,” he said, smirking. Her mouth fell open at his teasing – it certainly wasn’t the typical threat. He thrust deeply and quickly until she screamed, her walls clamping. He’d intended to withdraw and come on her face, but it was so intense that he just had to fill her. He remained inside her, making sure he felt every one of the last flutterings of her orgasm. “Get off me,” she said, whimpering, completely undone by the experience, aware that he had been making fun of her. He leaned in and gently kissed her on her neck. “That’s usually what happens at this point.” He moved off and put his bloodied dick back into his pants, and pulled up her trousers. Suddenly, they felt a distant rumbling. He pulled the cloth pieces together over her chest and used the force to meld them back together. “Don’t want anyone else to get any ideas, now, would we?” Her eyes widened at the implication that he wanted her exclusively to himself. He smirked, knowing that any hint of a connection was desperately sought after by her, making her very easy to manipulate. Even from an enemy. Popping his helmet back on, he strode out to deal with the disturbance. -- He walked back quickly to her cell, not wanting the interruption to be too long. He knew that Snoke wouldn’t allow him to have children, as they were a sign of attachment. Which meant there was only one fate for the girl, considering he had lost control before and could have gotten her pregnant. He wasn’t sure how long he should toy around with her before he would deliver the final blow. At least he could be sure that she wasn’t playing him, as vulnerable as she’d been. Maybe he’d be rougher with her, crush her bit by bit as it was obvious any connection between them was an illusion, and just end it when he got bored. Assuming he got the vital map from her in the meantime. Turning the final corner, he could see something was wrong. She’d escaped. After all that . Her warrior spirit was one of the finest, and as much as he didn’t want to admit being weaker than her, he knew it to be true. Plus, she could now be pregnant, which would greatly test his fortitude if he had children... Deep down, he hated tests. Which meant he was weak. Which meant he wasn’t the invincible person he’d so desperately sought to be. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. Drawing his saber, he took his rage out on the flimsy machine which had held her, promising himself that the guard who had abandoned his post would get a worse fate. Slashing away the evidence of their copulation, he swore to himself that she wouldn’t get the better of him. He knew what he was up against, and could train to overcome it. And he’d take the power he craved, and prove that he was stronger by dealing with any offspring in a similar manner. Prove that he wouldn’t be ruled by anything in this universe. He smirked. He would rise to the challenge, and felt more focused than he ever had been in his entire life. Suddenly, becoming a father didn’t seem like such a bad thing. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Master.” Kylo stood before the enlarged hologram of Snoke. “You seek permission for something.” “Yes, Master. I want leave to track the girl, Ren.” “She has disappeared from our radar for many months, and the Skywalker threat still remains.” “Yes, I believe that if I find her, I will find Skywalker too. I can eradicate all at once.” “And you believe you can do this efficiently?” “If I dissociate myself from any distractions, yes.” Snoke paused, knowing that he would be out of contact. “Very well.” Kylo bowed. -- Rey sighed, putting her attention to chopping wood before the daylight faded completely. While the little planet to which she’d escaped to give birth was sufficient, she’d had to work hard to make sure her and her newborn had enough supplies. It was difficult when she’d found Luke, her father, and discovered after a few months that she was pregnant. She’d had to put her training on hold, and she absolutely refused to give him any insight as to who the father was. It was none of his business. She was intent on having this child, even going so far as to say she was excited about it. Luke didn’t look happy. Jedi weren’t supposed to have children, but here she was the living proof that there are exceptions – from one of the greatest Jedi to have ever existed. So far so good. She’d given birth three weeks ago, and was slowly regaining her strength, even though she didn’t feel entirely well . Part of her wanted to show Kylo Ren what they had created. She was proud of her son, despite any circumstances leading up to his birth. She wanted to share that with Kylo, to overcome their differences, even temporarily. But she knew how intent he was in exercising control, to the point where she wasn’t even sure if he was in touch with his emotions anymore, considering he was so used to suppressing them. If she were to guess what he’d actually do, he’d try to kill them both. As if on cue, a cloaked figure stepped out from behind the tree. She gasped and called her lightsaber towards her, activating it. Even in her weakened state, she knew she was fighting for the life of her child and she naturally became extra focused and alert. Kylo Ren activated his crimson cross-lightsaber and covered the distance between them with one leap. Despite the fact she’d blocked, she was thrown back by the sheer force. It looked as if he’d been training hard and had gotten much stronger. Dismayed, she realised she had much less stamina than she could have anticipated on this relatively comfortless planet. Her use of the force was limited as it drew her closer to unconsciousness each time. Fighting nausea and faintness as well as her enemy, she parried and thrust where she could, trying to gain an advantage from the terrain which she knew well. She managed to entice him over a trap, but he’d already sensed it and set it off harmlessly. Defeat was staring her in the face, but she couldn’t think about it. Not with so much at stake. She just had to find a way. Out of desperation, she charged, unleashing a volley of swings so fast that she wasn’t even aware if they even connected. Once she’d finished, to her horror, he was calmly standing there, unaffected and unharmed. He sliced open her shoulder and side with two deft moves, causing her to cry out in pain and fall to the ground. All she could do was pant and watch as the crimson beam came closer, stopping inches from her jugular. “Killing you would be like killing a defenseless child,” he said with disdain. “Perhaps I need a taste for that first. I won’t kill you yet. I’ll let you live long enough to see the mess you’ve created.” With that, he turned and strode towards her dwelling. “No,” she gasped weakly, forcing herself off the ground and stumbling after him. She couldn’t catch up, but she kept going as fast as she could. She heard her son crying in the distance. He entered the house and the cries silenced a few moments later. She stopped breathing. Desperately, she ran into the room, only to see Kylo standing there with his helmet removed and her babe in his arms. “Please,” she begged, keeping her distance as to not antagonise him. “It’s a curious thing, being a parent,” he said softly. “He stopped crying as soon as I picked him up even though I’d meant to harm him.” She could see that he was having a moment. Both he and his child were calmly gazing at the other. His extended index finger was being gripped by the baby’s hand. He continued in a low tone. “And I also know that if he were to kill me in the future, I wouldn’t hold it against him. I wouldn’t feel regret. I’d just want what’s best for him.” Ren frowned. Rey surmised he was thinking of his own father, Han Solo, and whether the feeling had been the same for him when he was killed. Probably, since Han had touched the side of Ben’s face even though he’d been mortally wounded by his own son. Kylo looked up at her. “What’s his name?” “I haven’t named him yet, for some reason,” she said, almost choking from relief. “Maybe you’d like to?” He smiled. “How about Niko?” She grinned. “Sounds good.” Suddenly her faintness came across her, and she collapsed on the ground. When she regained consciousness, she was on her bed, her side and shoulder stitched. Niko was giving little baby snores from his crib, and Kylo was sitting patiently nearby, looking at her calmly. Gingerly easing herself up, she looked at him gratefully. “Thank you.” He gave a small smile in response. She glanced down, bashful. “You know, I’m happy to have shown you our baby. I… know that you are what you are and I am what I am, but… still, I wanted to show you, to share this with you, even though that doesn’t make sense. I’m proud of what we’ve created,” she said, voice choking, happy tears in her eyes. His eyes looked distant. “Well, I wouldn’t have predicted it. You know what side of the force I’ve chosen. Feeling like a parent… it doesn’t feel dark, it doesn’t feel light… it just feels like me .” He stared off into space for a moment, then perked up. “And I’m surprised to hear you say I’m welcome. All things considered, we should be fighting or at least yelling at each other, but we’re not. It’s… nice.” She gave a sad, knowing smile, aware that Kylo’s parents’ fights had been legendary. “W-would you like something to eat?” she asked, a bit too hopeful to be neutral. “Sure.” “What would you like?” “Whatever you have.” She grinned, then her face morphed into shock. “I’m glad you said that, because I only have one thing at the moment.” Coming back from the kitchen, she handed him a plate of an unnamed steaming food. “Mm, looks good,” he said politely, scooping up a spoonful and putting it in his mouth. “Wait-” she said, alarmed. But it was too late. He choked, and swallowed despite himself. How could something that smelled so innocuous taste so terrible? He eyed her suspiciously. Surely she wouldn’t poison him… She gave a guilty grin, then ate a spoonful herself. Her eyes widened. “Er, this is an especially bitter batch.” “It’s fine,” he said with a faint smirk, and steeling himself to take another bite. “This is the best… pile of goop I’ve ever tasted.” She laughed, grateful at his graciousness. “This is Kyrmin mash, and they grow near the swamp. But it’s one of the more fertile areas.” He nodded, but didn’t respond verbally. A comfortable silence fell on them – at least, it would have been comfortable, but she suddenly found herself bashful. It meant so much to her to have this truce between them. It was one of few moments that made her feel civilised, rather than acting like a pack rat just trying to survive. And coming from her nemesis. It really was a fine line between love and war. She became morose as she wondered how long it would last, but then reprimanded herself – she should enjoy the moment as it happened. He ate the last mouthful. “That was nice,” he said, a gentle, encouraging smile on his face. She blushed at the compliment which was obviously aimed at her. She glanced down. She liked him. Being on good terms meant so much to her, and since his revelation, he’d been so kind. She wanted to say had things been different… if they could be different… but she wasn’t sure how to say it. Fortunately, she didn’t have to say anything. Picking up on her clear attraction, Kylo touched the side of her face with his hand. “You’re crazy,” he said, amused. She laughed, not being able to deny what she was feeling. She felt safe around him despite this. She looked at him longingly. He rose. “Then again, maybe I’m crazy too.” He pulled her towards him and kissed her. When they broke away, he looked at her, concerned. “Are you sure you want to do this?” he asked, implying that he couldn’t promise her anything beyond it. She nodded, understanding him. It seemed that both of them would enjoy the reprieve. He gathered her in his arms and placed her on the bed, climbing over while kissing her. They undressed each other carefully. Kissing down her chest, he sucked strongly on one of her nipples and spluttered when he got a mouthful of breast milk. Rey giggled. “Mm, dessert,” he said, chuckling. It felt magnetic, and there was a clear mutual trust between them. Both of them were giving into their attraction for the other. She couldn’t help but enjoy it all, both knowing they were doing something naughty but not thinking about the future too much. He was very passionate, touching her sensitively and desperately at one point, but making sure to not antagonise her wounds. They climaxed, clutching each other. Then he rolled off. Both were still panting. She gave a small smile, then huddled into her bedsheets. “Hey,” he said gently, smirking, drawing her into his arms. Her smile widened and a peaceful expression came on her face as she snuggled into his warm body, falling asleep. -- When she awoke, she was alone. Getting up, she saw a piece of paper on a side table. It said, ‘Got to go, but keep up the good work.’ There was a box of vitamins nearby. He had gone, and she was OK with it. Plus, the vitamins would give her much-needed energy. She didn’t know what this change meant for him and his safety, but she put her worries to rest and trusted that he’d stand on his own two feet. She had other things to worry about, anyway, as she got up to breastfeed Niko. Notes: OK, well, based on some... feedback I'd received on Chap 1, I'd like to clarify what I like about this scenario. I like it when there's an obvious attraction between two characters, they're "meant to be together" and they overcome their differences. Can this be in real life? No, because in a fictional world I'm the author, know the characters, and that kind of thing isn't something we should assume about someone else in the real world. Meant to be together, you say? We were in Kylo's head for chap 1, and he definitely had evil intentions. But hey, it's my fic, he's trying to be on the dark side, and he's powerless against subconscious desires, I say! He wouldn't tolerate any kind of conscious 'weakness' by saying he was attracted, so his justification is to be nicer than he could be and create some internal turmoil for Rey. Or to put it another way, he did this but in my mind he'd remember that he enjoyed it somewhat. Chap 2 does pretty much do a complete 180, but I'm using it as an exploration on the themes in Star Wars. I guess I'll post a better summary of my thoughts for the final chapter. (btw, I have the story mapped out, and I'm not adjusting it based on feedback - so I guess if you don't like this chap and the next, you could pretend that it's only Chapter 1 for this story) Thanks for reading! :D Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Father,” she said joyfully as she ran forward to embrace him. Luke hugged her affectionately, and a smile crept on his usually sombre face. “I came to warn you about danger in the area.” “Oh?” “Kylo Ren has been seen here.” “I… see.” Luke frowned. “You’re not worried.” Rey took in a deep breath. “He’s… the father. And we’ve already reached an agreement.” Luke’s jaw dropped in shock. “An… agreement ? With him ? Have you lost your mind?” She remained silent, but her eyes showed that she didn’t share Luke’s concern. “He likes the baby.” Without a word, Luke strode towards the dwelling. “Wait, where are you going?” she called. “Just have another one!” Instantly, she charged, hatred on her face. They both activated their lightsabers, energy crackling between them like never before. She moved into a volley of swings so fast that Luke was forced to move back. The instant she stopped, he retaliated, causing her to fall back. It was only her training plus her knowledge of Luke that allowed to escape unscathed. They fought for an hour. Luke’s stamina was flagging, but he could see that he was easily outmatched in determination. Her resolve and anger were unwavering, and far surpassed her physical ability. Despite this, Luke remained strong in his conviction that she was misguided. “Think about what you’re doing.” “I have,” she replied hotly. “You’re worried he will turn to the dark side, and I’m playing into some kind of plan of Kylo’s.” “The temptation is too great!” shouted Luke. “You’re making quite a few assumptions! And this is my child’s life !” she screamed. Luke remained silent, still unconvinced. Gritting her teeth, she lunged forward and managed to chop off his robotic hand. His lightsaber flew away. Defenseless, Luke lay there while she advanced, her lightsaber pointed at his throat. Luke looked at her with sad eyes. “If you kill me, you’ll turn to the dark side!” “Who cares!” she snapped. “Do you hate me now, father?” Luke glanced down, and shook his head. He looked tired and weary. She raised her arm and was about to bring it down on his head when she was suddenly gripped from behind – one arm snaked around her waist, and the other holding her wrist. “If you turn to the dark side, who will take care of our child?” said Kylo in her ear. Rey started to cry. She was physically too weak to resist, and had been running on empty for too long. “I’d still want to take care of Niko.” “Yes, but he’d have a better upbringing if you were on the light side.” Rey crumpled forward, falling to her knees, dropping her saber. Kylo looked at Luke. “I had a revelation when I was looking at Niko. I realised that we’re all pawns and that it doesn’t matter too much which side we’re on. There will always be the light side and the dark side. You got reminded of that when you thought there was only good left. I had intended to be a good Jedi, but you’d trained us wanting the darkness to be eradicated. And you were reminded that both sides were eternal, weren’t you? And who else but someone on the dark side who would produce children? At least, usually.” Luke’s eyes widened. It didn’t excuse the way Kylo had done what he did, but it was interesting to have this moment of connection between all three of them, and consider that there was something larger at work behind all their actions. Rey looked up at him. “Why don’t you stay? I know there’s still good in you.” Kylo smirked. “Of course there is. We’re all a mix, as you can see. But at the moment I still feel an affinity to the dark side. Maybe that will change. And I’m sure Niko will be on whatever side is necessary.” She wasn’t happy that he avoiding seeing if he could structure his experience, but at least it was a mutual understanding. Father and daughter looked silently on as he left. They weren’t sure what the future held, but at least it would be different. Notes: A bit rushed and OOC, but hey, wanted the idea of looking at the greater picture. Kids causing people who would not otherwise be together to get together. Hence Kylo falling in love with being a parent, which was quite a big shift for him. Also, wanted to playing around with the idea of good and evil and lack of delineation. Thanks to whoever's read! ^^