He'd put the piece of the map inside BB-8 and sent the little droid off. Poe Dameron could not sit idly by while he watched the village massacred. He shot as many stormtroopers as he could and just when he was about to shoot another one, the flash from his blaster froze in midair. Poe gulped. He thought back to a time, not long ago, when his first love had shown him how the Force could be used. Ben... He zeroed in on the dark figure standing behind the light. He'd memorized every wrinkle on the robes, how tightly it wove around the man, the way the mask reflected light off its eyes. He never forgot the walk: straight, regal, as if nothing could penetrate him. It was the same walk that had brought Ben Solo to him at the young age of twelve, and the same walk that would bring Kylo Ren back to him today. He knew this man like the back of his hand. Poe could still feel it: soft hair, smiles and stolen kisses when General Organa had not been looking, late nights outside in the sand under the stars. They'd had quiet talks and furious fights, but Ben always confided in him, happily showing him the latest thing he'd built. That was, until he turned against everyone. Poe had sensed it coming. Ben had grown distant; whenever he tried to ask Ben what was going on, the other man would simply grow quiet. He'd hear Ben and General Organa raging behind closed doors, and there was nothing he could do to help. He tried to be supportive for as long as he could, but Ben eventually cut off contact with him. It would be months later when he learned what Ben had done at the Jedi Temple. There was a price to pay as the one-time boyfriend of General Organa's treasured son: everyone was watching him. He hid behind a grin, the same one that his fellow pilots said should be on a recruitment poster, but let the tears flow whenever he was alone. Becoming one of General Organa's most trusted pilots almost made up for the fact that Ben was no longer with him. Almost. As Kylo Ren walked toward Poe in the darkness, he resisted every urge in his body to run toward the man and hug him, tried to ignore the lingering memory of heavy breaths and loving whispers. The stormtroopers forced him to kneel on the ground in front of Kylo. In his position, with Kylo towering above him, Poe was sorely tempted to crack a joke involving handcuffs. Ben would have blushed a furious Crimson, but he was not sure how Kylo would react, so he opted for, "Still hiding behind that mask?" instead. He saw the flinch. Nice to know he could still hit Ben where it hurt, Poe thought. "Where's the map?" Poe smiled ruefully. If there was one thing about their relationship that remained, it was that Ben cut to the chase. It was little consolation to him. Notes: I was really not expecting to write this, but I get the feeling EVERYONE knows Kylo Ren as General Organa's son. There's a paragraph I was originally saving for a piece on Han's love for his son, but I watched Star Wars and changed my mind.