The three of them seem to appear out of the blue all at once, caught up in a whirlwind of bruised sides, sooty clothes, and muffled laughter. There’s mud smeared on the sleeve of Poe’s jacket, blood speckled on Finn’s boots, and sweat making hair stick to Rey’s flushed cheeks, but they’re leaning in close, arms thrown around each other, looking like they’ve gone to hell and back and are ready to go through it again if it means all of them make it out alive. The majority of the hanger's occupants watches them walk out together toward the command center for new orders. A moment later BB-8 rolls out of the Falcon, beeping insistently; the droid is hot on their heels with no intention of being left behind, so it follows them out, oblivious to the stares of the smiles from the pilots and engineers. Poe came to the Resistance first as a boy, nearly fifteen years old, already handy with a blaster and a set of pilot’s controls. Years later, Finn and Rey stumbled through the blast doors out into the open world, the sun shining down from far above them, wind whispering through the green flanking either side of the Resistance’s base. Poe tugged both of their exhausted bodies off the Falcon with Han and Chewie trailing after them at a much slower pace. Their arrival, like Poe’s, was unexpected but not unwelcome; some people thought the trio made the sun burn a little brighter in the mornings. The three of them are always busy, whether they are separated in different parts of the base or huddled together in the briefing room around the holo-table. While they are separated, Rey meditates and trains herself to use the Force when she’s not out getting lost in the green with the children and their wide, hopeful eyes; Finn works in the armories, helping newcomers with their aim and accompanying defectors like himself to Resistance outposts and minor bases in the outer rim; Poe instructs new pilots and leads squadrons into First Order territory with BB-8 by his side. When they are together the General and the other leaders of the Resistance give them their orders. They send them on confidential assignments that take them to deserted systems and treacherous worlds, searching for ways to end the war between the remnants of the Galactic Empire and the Republic. Sometimes they come back with pieces of a possible solution; sometimes they come back with nothing to show for their journey but dust on their cheeks. They take the Falcon, their own X-Wings, or they hide in plain sight as civilians in crowded transports heading toward major space-ports within systems managed by the First Order. But they always come out of it together, sometimes not unscathed, but never apart. They go the extra mile and then some to ensure that they can save everyone they're able to. Limbs and lives are lost, but the body of the Resistance remains wholesome and well. And the three of them do, too, with their smiles resembling starlight in the dead of night upon returning to the base. In the mess hall there are wide, long tables meant for entire crews and squads to crowd around. Droids operate in the kitchens at all hours; their deft movements carry out the will of the generals and commanders, never stopping, always ready for an onslaught of hungry mouths in the morning or in the middle of the night. But there are also smaller tables, near the southeast entrance of the mess hall. The smaller ones are meant for hellos, goodbyes, and small, quiet, personal rendezvous. They are meant only for the eyes of those who ache to know all the secrets in the world, not their ears. They are set apart and spread out. No one gets the luxury of having a properly furnished room to themselves in the midst of this costly war, so this is the next best thing. Finn, Rey, and Poe occupy one of these private tables every once in a while. Most of the time they can be seen eating with the soldiers, pilots, the engineers, technicians, and strategists, and scientists, eyes wide with the loudness of the voices of their comrades, excited hollering reaching all the way to the guards posted patrolling the corridors outside. They are swept into the mess of bad jokes, long-time jeers, and ill-placed bets, the stuff bonds are made from and built upon. But there are times where the three of them can be seen bumping shoulders far from the rest, feet pushing under the table, competing for more room as elbows are shoved off the tabletop. They eat their meals and their eyes shine like sunlight on a lake, beacons of hope for the light. Their quarters are separate but close together. Each of them has bad dreams—terrible nightmares, sometimes, which always leads to them waking up in a cold sweat breathing hard—or they can’t sleep at all. BB-8 takes turns rotating between each of their rooms until they all, on a particular day in the middle of the week, find themselves conversing in low tones or simply sitting in silence on the floor, the sound of the ventilation system filling the space between them. Sometimes things need to be said and sometimes no one needs to speak at all. BB-8 softly beeps along with them until one of them begins to nod off and they call it a night, promising to say goodbye to each other in the morning if they have someplace to be before the sun comes up. And if there’s no goodbye to be said they accompany each other to the mess hall, waving to their comrades along the way. They might get pulled away in the throng of those still caught up in the process of waking up, but, sooner or later, they’ll meet up with each other again. They cling to each other like they are each other's lifelines and mean every word they’ll never say, the ones that lie in wait for the opportune moment to burst forth from the red depths of the vascular system, hearts beating together in a jumble of damp cheeks and relieved laughter, thankful for the simple pleasure of being whole and well in the best of company. On occasion, they come close to losing each other. Rey loses herself on the side of a mountain once; Kylo Ren, in an effort to get Anakin Skywalker’s lightsaber back, shoves his weight against her when they're caught an impasse, each refusing to move until the other breaks and steps back or to the side, hoping that she might drop it. But he pushes too hard and she goes too far over the edge to be caught in time. Kylo Ren, Finn, and Poe watch her lose her footing and fall parallel to the cliff side towards the rocky abyss below until she catches herself on a root clinging to the rocks. Sometime after that, Poe crashes on a world where dead, silent cities hang in the sky, desecrated bodies covered in dust, buried in the ruble; Finn and Rey scour six out of the thirteen abandoned sectors until they find him pulling himself out of the wreckage of his X-Wing, a nasty gash spitting dark red down his temple. Nearly a year after defecting from the First Order Finn is dragged back by someone who isn’t Captain Phasma, but much, much worse; they want to push him towards the edge of death before pulling him back so he can be sent to reconditioning, but Han flies Poe and Rey into the base before Hux or any other officer can blink. They get out alive with Finn and several new defectors, fussing over the scratches on his arms and the gaping, angry-looking wound stretching across his chest, mirroring the faint line of the scar running the length of his back. With surgery and the help of a team of med-droids it looks like no one had ever touched him. They hold hands and slip away sometimes, but they always come back—always, always, always. General Organa has told them time and time again that there is no such thing as leaving someone behind. But if you do, you always find your way back to them. They are a family that welcomes newcomers and old friends alike with open arms, each of them forming friendships outside of the three of them, meeting new people, collecting new battle scars. Rey lets down her hair and leaves for six months to go to Naboo to find a woman who was a descendant of a handmaiden of one of the past queens with a young Lieutenant Connix by her side. Finn and Poe part ways after going to the outer rim to search for remnants of a star map that could lead them to the end of the war, but they come together nearly two years later after hundreds of brief holo-conversations spent laughing in the dark of a dank cave or the ruins of an ancient freighter. After long periods of being away they return to the base together, out of the blue, tumbling out of the Falcon, falling over each other in their haste to find themselves on solid ground again. BB-8 follows in their wake, making all the noise it can as it rolls along behind them. The sight of them and their bright eyes and warm smiles brings a light forth from the dark all on its own.