The fact that Finn’s injury could be patched up at all with the limited resources on D’Qar was nothing short of amazing. The recovery, though, is estimated to take at least a month and a half, which Poe knew would feel like ages. It would be ages Poe couldn’t possibly spend constantly at Finn’s bedside, despite his desire to do just that. He was a damn good pilot, something the Resistance needed right now, while the First Order was spread thin and confused at the very least. Rey stopped on occasion to visit Finn. That’s where Poe officially met her. Their interaction, however, was short-lived. She glanced up when she felt another person approach the room, “Hello.” “Hello,” was Poe’s automatic response, but he focused on the point of his visit quickly, looking towards Finn. “Mind if I join you?” A quick nod from the jedi-to-be prompted him to pull another chair close on the side opposite of Rey and sit down. Taking Finn’s hand in both of his, he says “I can’t wait to show you around, y’know. I’ll help you feel at home here if it’s the last thing I do.” The duo sat together watching over Finn until Poe was summoned by General Organa for a mission to oversee a supply run from an allied farm planet. Poe was sort of glad there was still time until Finn was expected to wake. He couldn’t exactly say that he trusted anyone else to ease Finn through the transition of living life on the Resistance base. Heading out for Lothar with two new recruits flanking him, Poe looks back at D’Qar and makes a silent promise to return for Finn. See you soon, buddy. “Okay, newbies,” he communicated good-naturedly with the new pilots, “as General Organa covered, this should be a simple supply trip. Hop into hyperspace, I’ll catch you on the other side.” Two “Affirmative, Black Leader” responses later, Poe makes the jump into hyperspace and put all his effort into his mission. ------- Two months of reconnaissance and supply trips during Finn’s medical coma turn up virtually no conclusive evidence on what the First Order is planning next. Poe returns from a two hour mission to hear the news that Finn had awoken in his short absence. “About damn time.” He replies to C-3PO, who was relaying the message from the medical center. Without waiting for the robot to continue a conversation as he is prone to doing, he says “BB-8, c’mon, we’re the welcome party.” Starting off at a run, he began grinning ear to ear. “He’s going to be okay, BB.” After a series of beeps that Poe interpreted as ‘Are you going to tell Friend-Finn about your interest’ he shook his head quickly. “I’m actually not sure where to start. But I’ll get it out there. Eventually. Probably.” Turning the final corner that leads into Finn’s room, Poe suddenly finds that he’s not quite sure what to do with his hands. Running a hand through his hair once, hoping his helmet-hair isn’t terrible, he settles on wringing his hands together worriedly. Then Poe sets his sights on Finn, who already had eyes on him. “Poe Dameron,” Finn lets out softly when their eyes meet, “am I glad to see you.” He’s still flat on his back. He’s also hooked up to a heart rate monitor that beeped softly and an IV, which was for nourishment while he was unconscious, and surely would be taken away soon now that he’d regained consciousness. Making an unsuccessful attempt to move onto his side, he sighs. “Get over here, since I’m definitely not going anywhere anytime soon.” “Yeah, sure, Finn.” He responds earnestly, sitting close to Finn. BB-8 rolls forward as well and beeps rapidly, while Poe eagerly translated, wanting to provide Finn with any warmth he could. “BB is glad that you’re alright. He says you...wait.” Poe stops translating abruptly, looking down at the droid and frowning disapprovingly. BB-8’s literal translation had been ‘ It’s good to see Friend-Finn gaining functionality. His continued health stability has caused a positive mood change in you, Friend-Poe. Is it infatuation?’ “That’s not important, shut up.” He quickly turns away from BB-8 to glance at Finn in embarrassment. “What?” Finn’s brow furrowed. Damn he’s cute, too cute for someone who's been bedridden for two months has any right to be. Play it cool, Dameron. “Nothing, I think BB has somewhere to be, though.” Nudging the droid with his foot, Poe looks towards the chart at the end of Finn’s bed. Beeping irritably, saying ‘R2D2 is better company in any case.’ BB-8 rolls out of Finn’s room and down the hallway. ‘Tell him!’ is the last insistent beep that Poe hears before the droid is out of earshot. “So!” Poe exclaims, ready to change the subject. “What did the doc say?” Finn’s small smile falls. “It’s hard to say when I’ll be back to full capacity. The lightsaber did a number on my back initially, but it avoided the spine altogether which is a blessing. The thing is, although the damage is repaired and my reflexes are fine when they were testing it, being bedridden for as long as I have makes it difficult for me to move myself. My strength is pretty much sapped and I couldn’t stand when I first tried, even with assistance.” “Your body’s sedentary.” Poe mused. “Yeah, that happens when you haven’t moved in a while. Honestly, we’ll be able to get you up and about soon. I think your doctor may have overreacted or explained it more harshly than needed, you don’t need to look so worried.” “Oh?” Finn sounded surprised. “You want to help me sit up? My lower arm movement isn’t that bad but my shoulders are pretty stiff.” He lifted his right arm as proof. “Of course.” Poe stood, readjusting Finn and his pillows so that he’s sitting up, leaning back on the pillows for support. “How’s that, bud?” “Good.” Finn nodded. “It’s so much better switching it up, y’know? Being comatose gets old after a while.” “Don’t I know it.” Poe agreed. “Do you mind?” he asked, gesturing to the side of his bed. Finn looks towards the ground but said “No, I don’t mind.” Poe made himself comfortably seated on Finn’s bed, facing him and smiling. “Are you sure you’re alright? You look a bit pale now,” he sets his hand on Finn’s forehead, checking for a fever. “hmm, you’re a bit hot, but it doesn’t seem to reach a fever level.” He pulls his hand away, resting it on top of Finn’s. This, however, increases his pulse which triggered the machine to start beeping more insistently than previously. Finn went red. The machine persisted. So did Finn’s blush. “Oh God, I’m so sorry.” Poe pulled his hand away as quickly as he could when he realized what was happening, using it to rub the back of his neck in embarrassment. “Sorry that was so… that was... unnecessary. I shouldn’t have. Should I… should I go?” Could I sound any guiltier or lovestruck? “Wait. Don’t go. I mean… if you want. But it’s fine. I’m just getting reacclimated, you know.” Finn still didn’t meet Poe’s eyes, so Poe readied himself to leave. “To being conscious. And contact is a little touch-and-go.” “Got it.” Poe nodded curtly, settling himself again. “Sorry anyway, though.” A knock on the door disrupted the silence that had befallen the pair. They both looked toward the doorway, where a nurse was standing. “Visiting hours are over, sorry Dameron. You’ve got five minutes” Poe noted that the nurse hadn’t been addressing him. Once she left to check on the next room, he turned to Finn. “Dameron?” he asked with an amused expression and a quirked eyebrow. “Don’t look at me like that!” Finn put his hands up. “When I woke up they needed to have my chart filled out and I sort of panicked. I mean, you gave me my first name, but I guess I sorta took your last name.” “It’s fine, Finn. Finn Dameron, it has a ring to it.” Poe chuckled. Glancing at the hallway, he saw the nurse walk by with a pointed look so he stood, turning back to Finn. “Looks like I’m being kicked out. See you tomorrow?” “See you tomorrow.” Finn confirmed, watching Poe leave and letting out the biggest sigh he’s ever made. Poe made the same sigh once he was back in the barracks. BB-8 chastised him with a series of beeps and whistles for not saying anything before rolling under the bunk to charge for the night. “I know.” Poe sighed again. Notes: I'm expecting to end this at two chapters, since I've got the rest planned out, it's just a matter of making the words flow. Thanks for reading, consider leaving feedback if that's your style!