They’re in a dorm room, sitting on a bed, and it’s happening again. Finn reaches for Poe and Poe goes stiff. The only time Poe hasn’t been tense is during a chaste kiss here and there. So, Finn withdraws his hands from Poe’s shoulders, abruptly breaks a deepening kiss, and finally asks, “What’s wrong?” “Huh?” a puff of Poe’s breath tickles Finn’s face as the pilot’s eyes open. There’s a dark look in them. “You freeze-up when I touch you,” Finn says, his brain incapable of finding a delicate way to voice his thoughts. It refuses to work like it should so soon after a kiss from Poe. Poe puts a hand over his eyes for a moment, a rare sign of mortification from a man who does not seem easily embarrassed. “Sorry, you noticed.” He sighs. “Holding back can be… difficult, sometimes.” “Holding back?” Finn being confused around Poe is nothing new and Poe has never looked frustrated by his confusion, until this moment. “I just don’t want to move too fast.” Poe pauses. He’s choosing his words carefully, almost talking like a different person. “It’d kill me if I made you uncomfortable.” Finn is even more confused now. How could kissing Poe Dameron ever make him uncomfortable? Sometimes it makes his palms too slick and his heart too fast and his face too hot, but it isn’t an uncomfortable experience. It’s a lovely, wonderful--occasionally on the verge of life-altering--experience. Seeing that the meaning of his words isn’t sinking in, Poe wets his lower lip with his tongue and tries again. “I’ve done things you haven’t, and I don’t know how to do those things with someone who hasn’t done them.” Poe’s words are getting sharper. “I’ve never had a virgin, is what I’m trying to say.” Never had a virgin. Finn twists slightly away from Poe, his cheeks burning. “Oh.” “Yeaaah. Do you understand now?” Finn nods. He understands and feels like such a fool for not realizing what was happening sooner. He’s okay with more than this, he just never thought to initiate it. He was so happy just kissing, and he can’t believe he was so easily enthralled by nothing more than Poe’s lips against his, Poe’s tongue in his mouth. And how many times was kissing not enough for Poe, who let it be enough for Finn’s sake? “I… don’t hold back so much,” is all Finn can manage to say. “Does that mean you want more?” Poe presses. Another silent nod. “Can you tell me if it gets too fast?” Poe says softly. “I’m not sure how to tell if I’m going outside of your comfort zone. Like I said…” “You’ve never had a virgin,” Finn says, turning his face back in Poe’s direction. Poe’s cheeks are coloring too, not from lust for once, and Finn can barely believe what’s right in front of his eyes. “It’s easy for you to act, but you have trouble talking about this sort of thing,” Finn observes. “With you, I do.” Poe surprises Finn with an affectionate smile as their eyes meet. “Truth is, with you everything feels new. It’s like I’m a kid with his first boyfriend again.” Poe touches Finn’s cheek, strokes a warm finger against his hot skin. “What I’m trying to say is: you’re the first person who has made me feel shy and vulnerable in years. It’s a nice and not-so-nice feeling all at once, and I have no control over it.” This confession makes Finn swallow before he speaks. “And you don’t like being vulnerable?” “Yeah, that part of this isn’t very fun for me.” “So, maybe you’re holding back for two reasons?” Finn says, his voice nearly coming out in a whisper. Both their voices have gotten quiet as the conversation has stretched on. “Maybe. I’m not used to having strong feelings for someone I’m… It’s only been this way once before for me, and what I had with that person I was having for the first time, and for them it was just a fling. I didn’t learn much from it, outside of the bedroom.” “Which means you’re inexperienced too, in your own way.” Poe’s smile broadens. “I guess I am.” There’s a shine of satisfaction in his eyes, and Finn can tell Poe’s happy Finn figured this out so he didn’t have to say it. The kiss that follows is achingly sweet, and started by Finn. By the time it’s broken his pilot’s breathing is shallow. “I don’t want you to be afraid,” Finn breaths, talking about what he’s doing to Poe’s heart. “And I don’t want you to be afraid,” Poe whispers, talking about what he wants to do to Finn’s body. “Then we proceed with caution while we give each other more, and tell each other when it’s too much,” Finn offers. “That’s what we’ll do,” Poe agrees. And Finn wants to say, “I’m not going to break your heart. Be vulnerable with me. Be open and raw and don’t resist being mine.” But he doesn’t say those things, because a man has never loved him before--has never feared what that love could do to his heart--and since Finn’s not sure what to say to a man who feels like that it’s his turn to be careful. So, for Poe’s sake, he holds back.