“I didn’t think there was so much green anywhere, ” Rey sighed happily. Takodana College, est. 1882, sat at the foot of the Adirondacks. The campus, with its neat circle of brick buildings, was nestled between a lake and a dense forest. Eager for a clearer view of the landscape, Rey had trekked to the highest point on campus—Lookout Hill, which the student guide had helpfully pointed out during the orientation tour. Standing on the sloping grass, her hand bracketing her forehead, Rey could see that the trees stretched all the way to the base of the mountain. Some were already tipped with autumn colors. She had grown up in the middle of the Nevada desert. Miles had separated her adoptive parents’ home and their neighbors. No water close by—if she wandered to the edge of Unkar Platt’s property, she could perhaps see a shrub or two in the distance. Surrounded by all this lush greenery, she felt as though she had been transported to another planet. Yet already she had a tentative sense of belonging. Her grin faded slightly as she looked over at the campus where she would spend the next four years. Do I really belong here? Takodana College opened for the fall semester tomorrow, and it would be Rey’s first ever day of school. The Platts had homeschooled her, doing the absolute minimum to meet the Nevada state requirements. Being a voracious reader, Rey had filled in some of the gaps in her education herself; she’d also gained practical experience from tinkering with the cars in Unkar’s auto repair shop. Last November she had sent out college applications in the spirit of let’s-see-what-happens. She knew that the Platts had neither the means nor the inclination to pay four years’ worth of tuition. Their expectation was that she stay home and take on more responsibility in the auto shop, perhaps attend some community college classes in the evenings. It wasn’t a bad life—Rey could imagine herself being quite happy, remaining where all was comfortable and familiar—but she wanted to see whether she was capable of more. Then came the day when Unkar found her in the garage, splattered head to toe with motor oil as she greased the chain of her bike, and handed her a thick white envelope. “Takodana College!” Rey had ripped open the envelope, careless of her dirty hands. “I can’t believe it. They have the best engineering program—” She stopped and looked up at her guardian. “Sorry. I know it’s too expensive.” “It’s all paid for,” Unkar grunted. “What? How?” “…You got a scholarship.” “But I didn’t even apply for one.” Rey flipped through the glossy welcome brochures, which all featured beaming co-eds in fleece jackets. “There’s nothing about a scholarship in here.” A flush spread across Unkar’s flabby face as he stared at her. He was a skilled mechanic, but his intelligence was otherwise limited. Rey could practically see the cogs in his brain working overtime. “It’s a secret scholarship?” he said, his voice rising in a question. “That doesn’t make—that doesn’t even exist!” “Just decide whether you want to go, all right?” he said irritably, lumbering out of the garage. “Does this have something to do with my parents?” Rey hollered after him. But she hadn’t received an answer. Of course she had decided to go. And now, thanks to her secret benefactor, she was thousands of miles from home, in the land of fir trees and Birkenstocks. The mystery of it all didn’t sit well with Rey. She now owed a huge debt to someone whose name she didn’t even know. This person, whoever he or she was, would be footing the bill for Rey’s education, her housing and meals, even the textbooks that she had picked up earlier from the campus bookstore. She was determined to find out the truth, but for now it would have to wait. Rey turned and started trudging down Lookout Hill. She had made plans to meet her new friend Finn for coffee—she had a friend now, college was really a magical place—and she didn’t want to be late. Chapter 2 Rey was meeting Finn at Maz’s Café, which was apparently the place to grab coffee off-campus. She had not yet ventured into town and so was prepared to get horribly lost. Yet she needn’t have worried. Maz’s Café stood out among the plain brick storefronts that lined the town’s main drag. The coffeehouse was a blue and purple bungalow with a huge mural of daffodils painted on one side. A rainbow flag hung over the door, which had a plastic hand for a knob. The place gave off a decidedly funky vibe; Rey liked it at once. The bell on the door clanged as she stepped inside. A quick scan of the room revealed that Finn had not yet arrived. There weren’t many patrons in the café—just a few people dozing in chintzy armchairs, a pair of greybeards playing chess, and a dark-haired boy sitting alone near the back. Rey’s phone chimed in her bag. She took it out and read a text from Finn: Running late, go ahead and order. “What’ll you be having today?” asked the barista, a small black woman with short-cropped hair and thick-framed glasses. Rey moved closer to the counter. “A macchiato, please.” “Good choice.” The woman bustled over to the espresso machine. “You’re a freshman at Takodana, aren’t you?” “Yes—how did you know?” “I’ve been running this place for almost nineteen years. After a while you see the same eyes in different people.” The barista—Maz herself, apparently—poured in the milk. “The upperclassmen come in with these vacant, bloodshot stares—they’ve either been working too hard or partying too late. The sophomores are a little better, but they still have a jaded look, like they think they know everything. But you,” she set down a small cup in front of Rey, “have big, bright eyes, ready to drink in the whole world.” Feeling self-conscious, Rey slipped her wallet out of her bag. Her gaze fell on the red button pin affixed to Maz’s sweater. Proud Organa Donor. “Yes,” Maz said cheerily, noticing her look. “I worked on Leia Organa’s first campaign six years ago, when she ran for Senate. And I’m going to be phone banking and going door to door for her this fall. She’ll make a fantastic president. We can’t allow that bastard Snoke into the White House. Snake, I like to call him. Are you registered to vote?” Rey nodded. She had filled out the forms last spring, after turning eighteen. In truth, however, she knew little about national politics. Her upbringing had been apolitical; she suspected that neither of the Platts had cast a ballot in their lives. They never even watched the evening news, preferring to eat their Lean Cuisine meals in front of The Price is Right reruns. Rey knew who Leia Organa was, of course—she would have to have been living under a rock not to recognize the name of the four-star general who had turned to politics, winning a controversial runoff election in Vermont. But she wasn’t too sure of who Snoke was, though, or what made him snake-like. She had a vague notion that he was the ex-governor of some Southern state—Alabama, maybe—and was known for being extremely tall. “You should consider volunteering,” Maz said as she rung up Rey’s drink. “This is going to be the biggest election of your life—mine, too, for that matter. The good guys need all the help they can get.” Rey promised that she would think about it and then carried her coffee to a table near the back, where she sat down and pulled her orientation folder from her bag. She and Finn were going to figure out which classes to visit during shopping period, the two week stretch of time when students could attend different courses without committing themselves. She began flipping through the course catalogue, pausing from time to time to blow on her drink. It was when she was studying the philosophy department’s offerings that Rey became aware of someone watching her. Glancing up, she met the gaze of the dark-haired boy whom she had noticed earlier. He had his chair scooted back and his legs stretched out in front of him as he regarded her steadily. An empty mug and a half-eaten muffin rested on the edge of his table. Annoyed, Rey frowned at him and then made a great show of returning to her catalogue, flipping to the next page and circling a few random words with her pen. She read the blurb for Advanced Deductive Logic until the sentences blurred into meaninglessness, then risked a glance sideways. The boy was still staring. He was her age or a few years older, with a pale, angular face and a dramatic sweep of black hair, long enough that it brushed his shoulders. Not handsome, Rey thought, but certainly arresting—she knew that she would remember his face later, and not just because he was gazing at her in an increasingly discomfiting way. He was dressed entirely in black, his sweater a little heavier than the weather called for. Rey noticed for the first time that he had a book in front of him, his place held by a pencil. She was tempted to lean over and peek at the title, but that might indicate some kind of reciprocal interest. The boy’s gaze drifted from Rey’s face to her orientation folder, which still lay open on the table. His brow creased. Rey would have wondered more about this reaction if Finn had not suddenly appeared, dropping into the chair opposite her. “Sorry I’m late,” he said with a sheepish grin. “I got locked out of my room, and since my roommate hasn’t shown up yet I had to run over to Res Life for an extra key.” The dark-haired boy now seemed raptly absorbed in his book. Good, Rey thought, quelling an odd sense of disappointment. She focused her attention on Finn. “That’s okay,” she said. “It’s crazy that your roommate isn’t here yet. Classes start tomorrow .” “I know,” Finn said, frowning slightly. “The weird thing is I talked to Poe—that’s his name—last week. We were just texting back and forth about stupid stuff, like who’d bring the microwave.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “He didn’t say anything about arriving late. I guess something must have come up. Worse comes to worse, I’ll end up with a really big single this term. I can’t lock myself out of the room again, though. The fees skyrocket after the first time. So you’ve already started looking at classes.” He leaned forward, scanning the open page of the course catalogue. “Philosophy? I thought you wanted to go into engineering.” “I do, but I need a humanities course for the first semester. There was one class I saw…where was it…” Rey flipped back a few pages. “Yeah, this one. The Labor Forces, taught by Luke Skywalker.” A loud snort. Rey’s head snapped around, but the dark-haired boy was still staring at his book. “Cool,” said Finn, who didn’t seem to have heard anything. “You know, I think I’ve heard of Skywalker. He’s this kind of old hippie radical—he’s written a bunch of books on Marxism.” “Have you read them?” “No. But,” the corner of Finn’s mouth turned downwards, “my parents started a Twitter campaign to get his books banned from the local library.” This wasn’t the first grim allusion Finn had made to his home life. He was adopted, like Rey, and seemed to have been raised by parents even less warm and fuzzy than the Platts. Rey sipped her coffee to give him time to collect himself. The dark-haired boy had started drumming his pencil against the edge of his table—it was very distracting. “I’ll shop Skywalker’s class with you,” Finn said, coming out of his reverie. “Great,” Rey said. “I think I’ve got the rest of my classes figured out. ‘Mars, Moon, and the Earth’ in the Geo department, an applied math course, and then ENGN 101. I thought that a grad student would be in charge of the intro engineering course, but apparently it’s being taught by this really awesome professor, Han Solo. I’ve asked around and it seems like he’s a legend here—” There was a shrill scraping noise as the dark-haired boy pushed his chair back. He stood, shoved his book into his bag, and stormed out of the coffee shop, letting the door slam behind him. Rey caught Maz’s startled expression from behind the counter. This time Finn noticed the disturbance. “God, what’s his problem?” An excellent question. “No idea,” Rey said as airily as she could, and the subject was dropped.