Hunt Turning from BB-8 as he rolled through the underbrush, I began to run. I could hear the whirling of the First Order’s tie-fighters through the canopy of leaves that laced over my head. The sound only served as a powerful incentive to push my legs faster. Breath labored, lungs aching, heart racing, the forest around me rushed by in a blur. When I had first arrived in Takodana, I could not stop staring in awe at all the green, but now I could not afford to spare the alien beauty a second glance. The trees were thinning ahead of me and I could start to see the stones that made up Maz’s castle shining in the distance. As I came to a stop on a mound of dirt not far from beyond the boundaries of the woods, I paused to take in the scene before me. Stormtroopers were jogging on the lawn, and explosions were firing off large chunks of the cantina. Just as the welcoming statue of Maz’s outstretched figure toppled, I caught sight of a stormtrooper not ten yards from me. In a panic, I reached for Han’s handblaster, fumbling with the contraption stupidly. I raised the weapon and pulled the trigger. Nothing. Realizing my error, I mumbled and cursed as I flipped the safety off. At this point, the stormtrooper noticed me and fired off a shot. In a stroke of pure dumb luck, my reflexes were on my side and I dodged away from the hot red blast. Taking aim once more, I took down the trooper after two tries. Han was right. I did have a lot to learn. But now was not the time. Now was the time to get back to the Falcon. And fast. Growling at having to basically retrace my steps, I started to run back in the direction that I had come. I tried not to think of how Han was doing, seeing as, last that I had known, he had still been at Maz’s. However, I reassured myself, this was Han Solo. The same Han Solo who had helped defeat the Empire and had piloted the Millennium Falcon to complete the Kessel Run in fourteen parsecs. Or was it twelve? In any case, I was sure that he could take care of himself, just as I could. As far as Finn went, those worries took a lot more strength to silence. All I could do at this point was hope that he had already departed with his tickets to the outer rim. Lost in my thoughts, I had not been paying much attention to where I was headed. I stopped for a moment by some large rock formations to reclaim my breath and reassess what direction was the correct one. Living on Jakku for all my life, a place where it was sand, sand, and more sand, my navigation skills were exceptional. If I could get where I needed to go in a desert where everything looked exactly the same, I could handle this place. It took a moment, but eventually, I got a handle on my position and was delighted to discover that I was not all that far from where we had left Chewbacca with the ship. I only managed to advance an inch when a bizarre tug in my chest pulled me back. Astounded, I fell back a step and analyzed my feelings. It was only then that I noticed a strange aura around me. It was a low hum, one that was steadily growing stronger with every passing second. The way it made me feel was not unpleasant in anyway, but it was disconcerting. How had I not noticed this until now? Instantly, as that annoyed thought rolled through, a low, hot, crackle sounded off nearby. I halted, not daring to breathe through my already taxed lungs, as I took in the murmurs of the forest. It was not a second later that I heard a similar buzz fizzle somewhere to my left. It was a sound that I had never heard before, but I could tell that whatever it was was not something that I would like. It was too menacing. Too powerful. It was then that a close by crinkle of leaves forced me into action. I bounded forward, trying desperately to get something against my back in order to secure at least one of my vulnerable sides. Planting my back against one of the dirt covered rocks, I whipped my head around, blaster raised in preparation for whatever was coming. In my anticipation, I imagined firing off a few well-placed shots in a stormtrooper’s chest. With each passing fantasy of my approaching victory, I gained some confidence and readied myself to make my move. However, what ended up approaching me caught me off guard and had me absolutely terrified. A stormtrooper would have been a challenge, but one that I could have had at least some chance of winning. But this, this tall, black, figure who moved at me with surety and menace was an opponent obviously much more than your everyday stormtrooper. Those troopers were pawns of the First Order. This one was different. This creature wore a slightly metallic mask, long black robes, and, worst of all, carried in one hand, a blazing red lightsaber. I knew instantly, looking at the sizzling weapon, that I was faced with the decision to either fight or flee, so I chose something in the middle. Shoving off from the rock, I stumbled forward and away from the masked figure, at the same time turning back to deliver a few poorly aimed blasts. The large man avoided the ones that managed to land anywhere near him and continued to pursue me without so much as slowing down his measured stride. Seeing that I was not making any progress, I gave up the hopes of potentially winning and decided that evasion was the best strategy. I whirled forward and climbed up over a nearby rock, hoping to dash into the trees, when suddenly the hum of the lightsaber met my ears. I turned when I calculated just how close it must have been and was shocked to see that the creature had already caught up with me. In a desperate attempt at self-defense, now that it was obvious that I could not even run away, I raised my blaster and shot directly at the approaching form. With effortless skill, the figure deflected each ray with a twist of its weapon. Not even stopping the fluid motion, the creature reached out a spread hand to me and an immediate vice grip completely took hold of my body. More alarmed then I had ever been in my entire life, my breathing picked up and increased from its already rapid pace. What was this? I was helpless as the towering figure stalked towards me, staring through me with the expressionless face of the cold mask. At this close distance, I could see the marks and gouges that peppered the mask. The rest of the creature was pristine, however, and the coarse knit fabric of its scarf and hood acted as just one of the many variations in the uniform. I hardly had a full second to ponder these trivial details when a low rumbling timber of a voice issued out of the mask. “ You ,” the creature whispered out, almost too gentle for me to hear. He had halted immediately when he had come close enough to see my face and I was thankful at the pause in his stalking. What seemed like an eternity passed – an eternity spent with him just still, almost transfixed. Finally, he continued, his voice strengthened and firm now, “The girl that I have heard so much about." He continued to step around me and it was then that I noticed the aura that I had discovered earlier intensified into a frenzy of energy when his cloaked form passed by my frozen body, coming to stand behind me. “Where is the droid?” he asked, his voice a low grumble. Finding that I was physically able to move my mouth, despite not being able to move anything else, I found the strength to speak, “I don’t know about any droid.” Very convincing, Rey. Apparently, the masked man was not convinced either. “Don’t you?” I heard him say just before a glaring beam of red hovered beside my face. The heat radiating from the saber was unbelievable and I could not help but widen my eyes as my heart broke through my chest. Just as slight move of this creature’s hand, and my head would come clean off. Loyalty winning out over cowardice, I managed to respond. “I won’t tell you.” I bit out. Surprisingly, my weak attempt at bravery was followed by the removal of the saber’s wrath from my cheek. I sighed out in relief silently and immediately refocused my efforts on staying calm and collected in front of my new enemy. He circled around me once more and came to a stop, facing me this time. I had to strain my eyes up, as my neck was immobile, to meet the shielded ones of the creature. He raised his hand, outstretched once more, and kept it level with my head. At once, I felt a pressure against my skull. It was not particularly painful, but it was frightening nonetheless. The sensation quickly morphed into a focused push against the center of my forehead and I started to struggle against the feeling. Something was wrong. The pull in my chest was strengthening in its intensity just as the probing in my head was becoming more acute. I knew then what the creature was doing. He was trying to see inside my mind. Panicked, I tried uselessly to block him out. I was not sure how or where to begin but, being desperate, I grasped at whatever mental control I could muster. But it was too late. “ You. You have seen it. The map . ” The creature said it with such disbelief that, for a moment, I felt indignant, even through the discomfort. Straining to the point of tears, I tried in vain to stop the invasion once more, but found that I no longer felt the unique pulse radiating from the creature. While his gloved hand was still outstretched, he was no longer using his power against me. Instead, I watched as his hand hesitantly inched towards my cheek. The mask tilted slightly as the tips of covered fingers brushed my temple. In a flash, as if burned, the dark figure pulled his arm back and turned away from me. I, still tensely adhered to my place, shifted my eyes to see what had attracted his attention. A stormtrooper had quietly approached, a commander by the looks of the pauldron on its right shoulder, and stopped respectfully in front of the creature, who was, obviously, his superior. “Sir. We could not find the droid. But, the Resistance has taken out most of our tie-fighters and we are now outnumbered. We need more troops.” Turning back to me once more, the masked figure addressed the trooper, “Forget about the droid. We have what we need.” Before I could register what he had done while he had taken a step towards me with a hand raised to my temple, the world went black. A quick pulse and my whole body went limp, the last thing of any sensation was a firm but gentle grasp of hands around my shoulder and underneath my knees as I was swept up and into the creature’s arms, cradled against his chest. From behind my consciousness, I was vaguely aware that the now constantly present aura, that brought on a dry ache within my sternum, had calmed. Not weakened by any stretch, but had soothed. No longer was it raging. A peace drifted in me. A peace that I was sure, once I awoke, would instantly cease. Chapter 2 : Familiar Despite the peace given to me in the darkness now, I could not help but start to feel panic at a new revelation. In this forced sleep, I would have the dreams again. Back on Jakku, at night as I froze in the desert, I would struggle to find rest. More than that, I would sometimes fight against sleep, afraid of what a new night would bring to me. In my sleeping hours, my dreams were of some of the strangest things. Sometimes the desert landscape of Jakku would stretch out before me, heat waving off the miles of endless sand dunes as I trudged along - never going anywhere, never reaching a destination. Other times, I would dream of an ocean with a few islands dotted across the blue. Although, on occasion, I would have the most peculiar dream of all. At first, when I was much younger, I would see a boy, however, over time, the boy had grown into a man. Broad shouldered, large hands, but a thin face. He was not concretely defined, the edges of his being slightly bleeding into the background, but he was a powerful anchor to me. The dream itself never changed and was the most reliable thing in my world. The dream atmosphere was entirely black, like an endless vacuum ceasing everything around us. A glow around me and a dimmed one around him were our only sources of light, and the sounds of our breathing was the remedy for the silence. I would always be standing, facing him, as he faced me. Neither of us would move, sans the moments when one of us would tilt our heads or switch their gaze to a different feature of the other. By now, I knew the man’s face better than I knew my own. Even more intimate was my knowledge and memory of his eyes. Brown and boyishly curious. I was notably shorter than he was, but I was never intimidated by the difference in stature. There was no need to be anxious in these dreams. On the contrary, I had always felt fairly content when the man had come. I had a feeling that my “ghost” as I had come to call him, felt that same peace as well. When we would commence our mutual inspection, the look in his eyes that I received was always so humbling. His eyes would hold reverence and a what I read as a kind of respect. Being an orphaned scavenger on Jakku, I did not consider myself anything of any grand interest, but, in the dreams, I was made to feel as though I was some sort of secret treasure to the man. Like I was a good thing he was glad to have, and would hold on to in his head. Locked away for safe keeping. My panic started to subside as I considered the prospect of having that peaceful dream, one that was so much better than the hopeless desert or the confusing mystery island. But, apparently my mind wanted to drift back to the horrifying onslaught of visions that I had had back at Maz’s watering hole. Being foolishly curious, I had grasped that damned lightsaber and paid the price for it. I had had the wind knocked out of me as a corridor of lights crumbled into a scene of a hooded man with a droid. Next, a dark soldier rushed at me, weapon raised to strike, when a bright hot beam ripped through his chest, killing him instantly. I had looked up to see who had saved me and was met with the imposing sight of the creature who would end up chasing me through the woods not an hour later. I barely had time to take in his rain drenched self before he started to hastily march towards me. That dark scene flashed away to one much worse and I had found myself wishing to confront the creature again instead. I saw my younger self on Jakku as a ship blasted off, out into the atmosphere. Leaving me. Abandoning me. At the revived pain, I jolted. My eyes snapped open and quickly deciphered if what was happening was real or just another trick of my mind. A whisper of air hitting my skin, causing my flesh to raise in a shutter was the indication that I needed. I looked down at myself and bit back a low startled cry. I was imprisoned within some kind of holding chair, equipped with restraints and vital sign scanners. Each one of my limbs were encased in shackles, but, mercifully, the head strap had been left off. After a brief glance at the ceiling and walls, I noticed something out of place hovering on the floor. Raising my head slightly, I met the emotionless front of a mask. The creature was crouching on the floor in front of me, and had been keeping a silent watch while I had come to. I swallowed deeply and attempted to remain calm despite the fact that I was a prisoner of the First Order. Seemingly all at once, I mentally filed through all the different ways that I could be tortured. I knew I had to give myself a pep talk now, before any of the pain began. I could not give anything away. I could not be a coward. I would not. I wanted to take some control and speak first, if only out of spite. “Where am I?” the panic inside me leaked through into my voice more than what I was comfortable with. He tilted his head and after a moment rumbled, “You’re my guest.” I felt my brow furrow. Guest ? This thing was attempting humor ? Never mind that, there were more important answers I needed first. The faces of Finn, Han, Chewbacca, and even Maz came to me. “Where are the others?” “You mean the murderers, traitors, and thieves you call friends?” he asked accusatorially, “You’ll be relieved to hear I have no idea." I truly was relieved. That was at least one thing that I did not need to worry about any longer. Now it was just me. And it. “You still want to kill me.” My gaze snapped back to him, bemused at his statement. I thought my contempt for him had been fairly obvious. At least I had a good reason to hate him. “That happens when you’re being hunted by a creature in a mask.” With a flicker of hesitation, he raised two large hands up to the underside of the helmet. As the air in the mouthpiece hissed out, I almost wanted to yell out a plea to keep the shroud on. The tales I had heard of Darth Vader, a commander not so unlike this one, had all spoken of his masked face as an object of horror. A burned, scarred horror. I did not know if, upon seeing his profile, I would feel instinctive repulsion or pity. Pity would have been worse. Swiftly, too fast for me to act, the creature had slid off his disguise, revealing an unexpected form of horror. The boy-made-man, whose strange presence in my sleep had always brought me some sense of peace, was now staring back at me. I drank in the sight of him, in a state of conflicted awe that I could see was somewhat mirrored by him as well. My eyes failed as dams to my tears. His eyes, I noted, reddened and shined with frustrated ones, his brow pulling together. Overwhelming confusion. Self pity. Hatred. Betrayal. I did not know which of the many accurate emotions I identified with more at that moment. The ghost whom I had counted on, who I had held secret with me all my life as a source of bizarre comfort had turned out to be an enemy I wanted to destroy. What did all of this mean then? All was still in the holding cell - neither one of us taking a breath. I, lamely, felt the desire to have some kind of vocal confirmation that what was unfolding was not some sick joke. I could barely breathe through the tears and shock, but wanted to say something, anything. “I know that face.” I whispered out in agony. From where he now stood, he jolted as if hit, confused, nonplussed. Though the muscles in his jaw moved on their own accord, as if in rage, the man in front of me suddenly looked very much like the boy I had met in my first dream with him. Scared and confused. Lost. I watched as he shook, his Adam’s apple moving in a painful swallow, trying to understand, “You’ve had them too?”’ My lip quivered. So, he had dreams with me in them. Jointly shared dreams. A few more ashamed tears escaped me and I could only nod. I heard him step closer to me, his torso touching the left side of the chair. Wanting to keep directed at the wall panel in front of me, I was pained to feel my gaze slide up to his eyes. Eyes. Memories flooded back of all the countless times I had investigated those eyes unhurriedly in the calm of night. They were no different now, save for the tortured look inside the deep chocolate. His form was absolutely concrete as he stood over me. Edges ending in defined lines of black. So real was his presence, I was overtaken by the tension that accompanied him. Being next to him brought the curious aura back to life again, but his time the energy hurt me. I felt taunt and stretched, like a rubber band pulled too far. I continued to stretch impossibly farther with each passing second. I thought I would almost break in two when a gloved hand came to cradle the opposite side of my face. “You are not -.” he began shakily, eyes glazed over, speaking as if I were not even truly in the room. “I had to check. You are so much more real now…” I could see a similar struggle play out in him, writhing just as I was. As quickly as I had thought it, however, he retracted his hand and a mask of his own making came forth. Cool, stoic, and organic was his new disguise. Confusion blossomed in me again. “It doesn’t matter,” he whispered out to himself. He took a deep breath, eyes directed above him as if asking some entity for guidance. Shoulders squared, he determinedly looked down upon me once more. “Tell me about the droid.” Unexpectedly, rage bubbled within me. It didn’t matter? Quieting my vexation, I decided I too would wear a mask. I forced myself to become coldly defiant, jaw clenched. “He’s a BB unit with a selenium drive and a thermal hyper indicator -“ “He’s carrying a section of a navigational chart. We have the rest. Recovered from the archives of the Empire, but we need the last piece, and somehow you convinced the droid to show it to you. You. A scavenger." Although he probably tried to deliver the sentence with condescension and derision, he just ended up sounding lost. My mask hardened and I raised my chin to show that I would not be swayed. “You know I can take whatever I want,” he whispered to me before he leaned in, hot breath washing over my cheek and neck, and placed a hand near my head. Just like in the forest, I felt a strange pressure against my skull - like fingers massaging the scalp, trying to break through. And, just like in the forest, I scrambled to collect myself in order to fight back. Apparently, I was not any better at blocking him than I had been earlier. Familiar flashes of the island and the ocean played out in my mind’s eye. “You are so lonely. So afraid to leave. At night, desperate to sleep…you imagine an ocean.” he said, adjusting his position to get even more impossibly closer, “I see it…I see the island.” Tears streaming in rivers down my cheeks, I was helpless when his probing easily uncovered recollections of my dreams of him. I could hear his breathing stop as he stared at my cheek, concentrating hard on my memory. From inside my mind, I could see the two of us, just standing, as usual. As welcoming as it always had been, it caused me agony now. I never wanted to see these moments again. “Get out of my head,” I ground out of clenched teeth. With a small relieved breath, he actually complied and moved away. Stepping slowly, his wide back to me, I could see him shake his head, sending black waves trembling. An attempt to clear his mind. Stony exterior apparently securely back in place, he turned to me with an outstretched arm, hand directed towards my face. “I know you’ve seen the map - it’s in there. And now you’ll to give it to me.” Pressure impossibly greater now, I cried out against his attempts to penetrate. Fear coursed through me at the prospect of having to see those scenes of him again. It scared me almost as much as the prospect of him finding the map did. Rigid, twitching under the tension, I could not help look into his brown eyes once more. Even now, I could not believe that I had been betrayed like this. Each second was like a new blow to the stomach. What if this had something to do with what Maz had told me? The Force? The prospect frightened me beyond belief, and, summoned from the thought of it, the aura around me flourished into an uproar again. Reading the energy, his eyes shone back at me. “Don’t be afraid. I feel it too.” Chapter 3 : Identity Notes: AHAHAHAHAH I actually (no joke) spit my coffee onto my cat who was sitting on my desk when I read the comment from averypottermormon. And then I promptly started to sniffle and sob. Thank you so much. I am very happy that you like it. I am, however, sorry to tell you that this chapter is not very long nor is it very "romantically" (if you want to call it that) tense. A lot of college apps and personal issues have made sure I did not get very much fun writing in. Next chapter should be pretty interesting though so ---- heads up ;) “I’m not telling you…anything.” I bit out, tendons strained tight against his power. A deceivingly gentle look graced his face, “We’ll see.” I attempted to put up a barrier again, this time determined to be successful. Enough playing around, Rey. They will lose everything if he sees. So I pushed until I saw stars. I felt the strange probing fingers against my scalp once more and rallied my defenses. I picked certain strong thoughts to focus on just incase he broke through, but managed to utilize my anger at his betrayal and my hatred in a way that built up a wall. This wall proved to be enough. His brows knit together, jaw tight, as it dawned on him that his attempts were not as immediately successful as they had been the last time. After each new approach, he would tense again and stretch out his arm further, throwing another wave against me, trying to breach my dam. When I saw my face, as if looking in a mirror, I was so surprised, I almost lost my control and let him in. It took me but a half a thought to realize that I had done more than just kept him out. I had broken into him. In his head, which was not as sinister and disgusting as I would have expected, an image of my wild face shone. Acting quickly, I moved on, in the hopes of finding anything of value, but was forced into a cloud of thoughts that pertained to the girl who sat restrained in front of him. They were just memories of our joint dreams, from his perspective. First, a very small girl’s face peaked out curiously, next, a shy, awkward teenager bit her lip, and then, finally, an exact replica of my present self pleasantly half-smiled back. It was bizarre to see how detailed the thoughts were, as if they had been reflected and meditated upon often. However, as strangely fascinating as these visions were, I could not imagine that they were the most interesting things lurking in his brain. Ghosting forward, I somehow navigated to a new area of clustered thoughts. It was a breathtaking sight to behold – a grouping of interlocking memories; some were dim, some bright, others flickered like flames. I picked a few at random, just out of intuition, and read them. Layer after layer, more details were unfolding. There was a lot more to this man then he let on. This, of course, was done on purpose. I could feel my hold on him failing, and I did not want it to affect the security of my mind so I backed off. Slipping from his consciousness like coming out of a warm blanket. Cold air blasted at my physical body and I knew that I had fully let him go. All of this had only taken seconds to transpire, despite my mind processing it to seem like much longer, and he was still standing before me, hand outstretched, just as confused as before. I gasped for air when I felt him successfully penetrate in one area, and realized then that I had to use the weapon I had just obtained to put a stop to this - at least for the time being. “Trying so desperately to be just as strong as Darth Vader , is a mistake…” I said as calmly as I could, waiting just the perfect amount of time to deliver the final blow. “ Ben .” He reacted as if I had burned him, and perhaps I had in a sense. His arm whipped from me and I slumped back with relief. The sounds of our labored breathing mingled in the air while we stared each other down. As scared as I was at what I had just done, I was still intensely proud and a bit arrogant, and so I looked at him evenly. He, on the other hand, appeared so alarmed I almost thought he was ill. Hair tousled, face sheet white, he hurriedly donned his mask and swept out of the room. He did it in such a panicked rush, I barely had time to process the sight of his long black garb curling out and around the doorway. Over his thumping footsteps, I faintly heard a terse order for a trooper to man my cell door and watch me. That was the last thing I heard of Kylo Ren for what seemed like an age. The stormtrooper stationed at my door preformed just how any of them would, silent and stoic. He was behind me, but, if I twisted my neck around enough in the chair, I could manage to catch a glimpse of his helmet. Seeing the front of the mask instantly send pangs to my stomach as I was reminded of Finn. When he had told me that he had been a stormtrooper, I found it impossible to visualize. The genuinely caring and endlessly expressive Finn had, at one point, been one of these unfeeling soldiers of the First Order? As hard as I tried, I could not imagine it. But, such bittersweet musings could not be afforded right now – not if I wanted to see that boy again. I had to find a way out. Thinking back to an hour before, to when I had pushed into Kylo’s mind, something that apparently had to do with the Force, an insane idea came to me. If I could perform that mind trick, what if I could do other ones? I had heard stories about the Jedi while growing up on Jakku, tales that were usually just thrown around by drifters or old beggars. I had always assumed that they were myths, but ever since Han had told me different, I had started to genuinely believe in the long lost Jedi. Relying on a gut feeling, I decided to try my hand at a Jedi mind trick. I was, apparently, pathetically desperate to try this. Focusing energy behind me, but in reality being a little blind to where it should really go, I gave out a command. “You will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open.” “What did you say?” “You will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open.” I repeated, my voice quivering as I started to rapidly lose confidence. “I’ll tighten those restraints, scavenger scum.” In one last attempt, I tried my hand at a different approach. I cleared my mind and saw a vague face behind the white mask, picturing the trooper as an actual person. If I visualized someone who had a mind and will, it made it easier to take root, and so, expressionless, I unleashed another command. “You will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open.” Relieved from all anxiety, like releasing years of tension, the stormtrooper relaxed his shoulders, stood up straighter and looked forward, unseeingly. Knowing I had won, I tried not to let my petulant joy soil the victory and crumble my mind hold over the man. “I will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open.” Without the need for another word from either of us, he pressed the control on my restraining chair, unclasping the locks from around my wrists and ankles, and proceeded to strut out, unperturbed. On an a very poorly thought out whim, I quickly blurted out a final command, “And you’ll drop your weapon!” “And I’ll drop my weapon.” I almost wanted to laugh as the clatter of a gun echoed from behind. I did it. But now it was time for the truly difficult part. Chapter 4 : Chase Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Laugher echoed off every surface of the small craft I now piloted. It panged against each wall, ricocheted with unbridled delight in a symphony of chest heaving gasps. I did it. I got passed the troopers, stole a ship, took out a few of their guns, and got the hell out of there. As I flew forward, at lightspeed towards a destination I hadn’t even calculated yet, my eyes would scrunch up and I would erupt into a fit of cheeky giggles. The smiley child on Jakku who used to wear an abandoned X-wing pilot’s helmet was present within me as I thought about the First Order’s prestigious little base. They ran such a tight operation and yet a “ scavenger ” had made complete fools out of them all in a matter of hours. Even their heroic knight, the infamous Jedi Killer, Kylo Ren. Nothing more than the scared, beautifully vulnerable boy in my dreams. Chasing down my laughter with that bitter thought, I returned to the present and tried to get my head straight. The First Order had tracking devices on all their ships so, I would have to work fast to ditch this craft. Either I could land somewhere, get a new ship, and make my way back to Jakku, or just fly this thing straight to Jakku and pray that the First Order did not find me. Be realistic, Rey. They would find you in a minute, sure as death. Besides, would you even want to go back? What is there for you now? I leaned forward, palms pressed onto the console, and bowed my head between hunched shoulders. I could not make stupid plans like this. There was a war being fought inside my head between two halves of myself. One was my past self, and the other was my present self. My present self was much more enlightened. Maz’s words, the ones that she so gently imparted to me back on Takodana, rang through my ears like a torture. My laughter from a few minutes ago, so easily forgotten, was replaced by a swollen jaw and tears. My more realistic side wept for the childish part of me that clung on to the fantasy that I had some ghost-like mother and father who would come rushing in, sweep me up, and save me. It wanted it so badly – it ached for it. Desperate, hopeful, maddened – like dying lungs clawing for breath, my inner child was dying to hold onto her delusions. No. My family was never coming back for me. I had to accept that now. Nothing on Jakku was the truth. Not the family, not the hope. Not the boy or man in my dreams. Nothing was. But Finn, Han, Chewie, BB-8. They were real. And so was the map that BB-8 had. So, grasping at straws, I figured perhaps the Ileenium system was a good place to start. That’s were BB-8 had said the Resistance base was, and if I didn’t find Finn or anyone else there, fighting for the Resistance would not be such a bad alternative. However, the last thing I wanted was to lead the First Order to the location of the Resistance base, so I would need to get new transportation somewhere else before setting my course for the system. Shifting out of lightspeed, before I went too far out of range from my target, I consulted the digital map in the console to try and discern where a decent place to get a ride would be. I did not even have time to pinpoint my current location when a ‘ping’ from my weapons detection monitoring system warned me of an approaching ship. Apparently, I had been wrong about just how badly the First Order wanted to find me. Shifting into motion, I moved into what would be a very lengthy chase. It ended up being a game of wits for both parties. At times, when both our ships were neck and neck, when the game had turned into a confusing race and not even so much the usual “cat-and-mouse“that I had figured it would constantly be, I could see the First Order pilot maneuvering behind the glass of his ship’s cockpit. The familiar mask of Kylo Ren looked back at my sweaty, grimacing face as I fought to hold on. I could not tell if the man whose face I knew so well by then, hidden behind his metal cage, was just as disturbed and crazed as mine, but I hoped so. A strange part of me hoped he was having as much bizarre enjoyment at this whole thing as I was. I hoped sweat was pouring down his face as we pushed each other further ahead into the seemingly endless chasm of space. I wanted desperately for him to take off that mask and see the black hair matted to his forehead and his brown eyes ablaze. I needed him to be as pissed off as I was. Part of me was terrified of dying out here, part of me was terrified of being captured again by the First Order, but a large part of me was having so much fun - I never wanted to stop. Stars raced by me, adrenaline raced through me. I felt so alive, my chest ached – but in a good way. Maybe something is wrong with me. Apart from the brief experience of outrunning a few First Order tie-fighters back on Jakku in the Millennium Falcon, I had never raced anyone. I would not exactly call what was happening between Kylo Ren and myself at this moment a ‘race’, but it certainly felt competitive. I looked over at Ren, who eventually turned to meet me. We both knew, as much fun as I think we were both probably having, we could not keep racing and chasing each other forever. Eventually, one would have to win. Well, if one of us has to win, it sure as hell is going to be me. Determined to not be bested by my rival, I took a chance and dove towards a planet that I saw below me. I did not bother to check what planet it was, what system I was in, nor if the inhabitants were friend or foe. Whether it was arrogance or confidence that forced my hand, I did not know, but I felt that it might have been intuition – or perhaps the Force. Or sheer stupidity. Kylo Ren would follow - of course, but my goal was to lose him somewhere in the wilderness of this planet. Rapidly descending through the layers of atmosphere, I could see that the planet I had chosen was densely covered in mountains, pine trees, streams, and other similarly rugged geography. A glimpse of white caught my attention, and then, suddenly, fields of white started to pepper different sections of the landscape. Snow. I had only ever heard about it a few times and had seen it once in a digital rendering that a drifter had kindly shown me when I was a young child. He had told me a story about the planet Hoth, a planet entirely covered with the substance. As fascinated, and horribly eager to touch and experience the snow as I was, I knew what such an element meant for me. My thin, gauzy clothes would not be adequate, especially since my body itself would be very sensitive due to not being acclimated to the conditions. I would need to be in a lower altitude if I were to have any chance at surviving. Maybe there was a cave, or I could hide out in some trees? The whirl of Kylo Ren’s ship engine behind me knocked me from my thoughts. That will all have to be figured out later. You can survive anywhere. You have to. Both Ren and I maneuvered closer to the surface, getting out our weapons systems to prepare to fire on each on each other. Neither of us had previously armed our canons before this. On my end, this was due to wanting to focus on evading him. On his end… - I have no idea why he did not shoot me down long before now. Without a gunner to watch my back, doing the job of piloting and aiming was just about impossible, but I did not have the opportunity to see if I could achieve the feat of such multitasking. Ringing in my ears, a flash of white, and the sensation of flying. It was strange to momentarily experience the touch of nothing. By that, I mean that nothing whatsoever was in contact with my skin. For a moment in time, I was flying in the air, completely untouched by anything. I longed for that feeling soon after, when the agony of being thrown down onto solid ground met my bones. I landed on my shoulder, and, mercifully, did not hear anything crack in it. Around me, the sounds of large pieces of severed craft parts, whirling towards the surface, erupted through the air. It all sounded like explosions through my throbbing ears, my head echoing. I tried to stand up, but my eyes went blurry, all I could see was bright, flickering yellow and orange amongst a dark craggy landscape. At this point, not thinking clearly, or perhaps at all, I did not possess much concern for myself. I suppose that is what happens when you are delirious. You just exist, and things are simply there for you to watch. So, I rolled onto my back, for no particular reason, and looked up at the sky. It was devoid of any bird, cloud, or spacecraft - just a bluish, grey twilight sky – one that I was not all that familiar with. Perhaps it was a sky that one found only on colder planets. A spot of black came into my hazy view then, covering up the sky, and peered at me with interest. I peaked at it through half-lidded eyes, my consciousness was starting to ebb some then, and tried to find some more detail in its features. I did not have but half a second before it looked up at something far away to my right, and, with much haste, it grabbed me by the shoulders, and hoisted me up. Bending, the black figure caught me with its shoulder at my waist and threw me over its shoulder. Through this entire maneuver, the figure had turned on heel and had started to run, not taking any concern to how carefully it carried me. Before I completely lost consciousness, the rude jostling made me painfully aware of a deep laceration in my left side… …and the deafening roar of a most insidious beast. Notes: So, I tried to communicate in that piloting/chase sequence that Rey genuinely has a passion for flying that she just enjoys so much that, even though what is happening is dangerous, she is still having the time of her life. That is sort of like how, in TFA, Poe Dameron is "whoo"-ing the whole time in his X-wing and Finn and Poe are having a damn good time getting away from the First Order. She loves thinking that that frustration, rage, betrayal, and thrill of the chase is also happening to Kylo Ren only because that feeling is excruciating in a sense. So, hopefully, that was communicated okay. If not, let me know and I can do a re-write. If there is any kind of "imagine your OTP" sort of things that you would want to see, I sort of love reading those and would consider them if I find a few I like. Please review. Chapter 5 : Pride Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Don’t. Lose. It. Rey. Don’t. Lose. It. Every leap from the shadow that carried me issued a painful jolt. My head bobbed up, down, back and forth in pace with the severely panicked and labored breathes coming from my transportation. But, I did not focus too much on that - my bouncing line of vision was glued to the creature that was in full pursuit of my captor and I. It was well adapted to the climate of its planet, with an even coat of thick, wooly fur covering its massive body. As it ran, on all fours using its long arms to propel the rest of its body forward at a terrifying clip, I could tell that it was wounded – badly. The injury was not bleeding, appearing to have been cauterized. Lightsaber. I knew then, through the veil of my barely coherent mind, whose shoulder I was being held on. If the giant creature, out to rip me apart, hadn’t been racing towards me at full speed, I would have thrashed around like a fish when the realization dawned. But, just looking at the claws on the furry thing froze me stiff. That did not mean, however, that I was so scared that I could not start to make plans of escape. I did not doubt that Kylo Ren would survive this creature; to die at the paws of some foreign beast would just not be a fitting death for him. It did not seem dramatic enough. No, he would walk away from this fight – and would then have all the time in the world to focus on me. If I could get far enough away, perhaps I could lose him on this planet. But, where would I go then? Was my ship still flyable? Was his? My neck whipped to the side as Ren took a sharp left and entered into some extremely dark place. I had been so focused on my plan that I had not realized that my vision had started to grow clouded and my head had started to spin. I looked up and attempted to discern what I was seeing, concentrating on staying awake and letting my eyes adjust to the darkness. Ren had shoved us through a small opening that widened up into what I saw was a cave. He quickly bent down and let my body slide off his shoulder and onto the floor, not pausing for a single moment. Turning to face the entrance, Ren, who I now realized was not wearing his mask, yanked the lightsaber from the belt around his waist and ignited it, preparing for an attack. His coiled frame was ready to spring in order to end whatever greeted him. However, an attack never came. The sliver that made up the mouth of the cave, that had been plenty wide enough for Ren and I to easily fit through, was not nearly large enough to accommodate the massive stature of the animal. The dumb beast realized this itself as it tried to stick its wrinkly snout through the crack. It sniffed the air, and, smelling evidence of our presence, proceeded to issue out an ear-splitting roar. It was furious at being cheated out of a good meal, especially one that had given it the hassle of a lengthy chase. Apparently, it felt owed its reward for its efforts. In the moment when the creature had its ugly nose wedged between in the crevice of the rock, Ren took advantage of the angle and shot forward. Slicing downward, Ren’s saber cut a deep gouge in the tender flesh, leaving a jagged hole where the nostrils had been only moments before. The creature did not yet pull away, screaming in pain, before I was able to see that Ren’s blow had cut clean through and that now teeth were visible from even where I was laying on the stone floor. Gurgling and screeching were all that could be heard after as the thing dragged itself away. Eventually, all was silent in the cave, and the only light to be found was from the fissure in the wall and the eerie crimson glow of Kylo Ren’s lightsaber. At last, now the immediate danger seemed to have ceased, I took a breath and began a self-analysis. My skull felt like a plate that had been set on a table unevenly, and was now spinning slowly around its base. Each moment, the circumference of the rotation would get smaller, and I sensed that soon, when I reached the moment when the plate would clatter to lay flat, I would completely black out. Thinking back to the pain in my side, I looked down and was met with the sight of dark stains blotting my light tunic. I looked to Ren, still facing the entrance with his broad back to me, and noticed that he too was staring down at himself, assessing something, closely inspecting his free hand. “Blood… I don’t think I’m hurt. The creature wouldn’t have bled at all – not with this this,” he spoke, almost to himself, gesturing offhandedly to the saber in his right hand, “where is this coming from...?–“ He whipped around without warning, brows drawn in with suspicion, and looked down towards me. I shakily raised my eyes to his, lifting my blood-soaked palms to uncover my injured torso, my breathes now coming in deeply and uneven. Cold realization dawned on him, the lightsaber was promptly put out and tossed to the ground, and he bounded forward, onto his knees. Under other circumstances, I would have almost laughed. He looked so completely lost again, much like he had on the Star-killer base. I knew immediately, based off of the look in his eyes, that he had no idea how to help me. Apparently, any kind of medical emergency training was not apart of the curriculum when learning the art of killing people with the First Order. For some odd reason, I had imagined, in the back of my mind, that Kylo Ren would have had a bit more of a well-rounded set of skills. I watched with an eyebrow cocked, as Ren’s hands ghosted over my injured side, as if hoping for a miracle to occur. I was impressed by the calm that I now felt at watching him – maybe it was just an interesting distraction, seeing the poised and impressive charade melt off his imposing demeanor to reveal such insecurity. “You have no idea what you are doing, do you?” I asked between breaths Ren’s eyes, surprised, shot up to mine, his hovering hands paused above my torso. As vulnerable as his flesh-and-blood face naturally was, he still wore a mask, smooth and unreadable. It was his eyes, however, that gave him away. The next few moments seemed like they stretched for a while I watched as he fought the urge to be prideful, as he was accustomed to doing. It was a small thing, to admit such a trivial ignorance, but I could only imagine how big of a blow that would be for him. His flexing jaw muscles and Adam’s apple reinforced my musings. He wanted to lie to me so badly. Finally, he dropped his eyes to my wound, “No. I have never had to do this. I’m not…sure…-“ I interrupted, “ I know what to do. So you will have to listen to everything I say. Understood?” Ren stayed silent, seeming to weigh options in his head. I would have gladly prolonged the inevitable pain of cleaning and stitching the wound but, based off how soaked my clothes were, I could not possibly have much more blood to lose. “Look,” I forced through clenched teeth, “You want that map, right? If you try to take it now, I will force you out of my head with every ounce of energy I have before I die, and you will never get it. But, if you help me now, maybe you’ll still have a chance.” It took some mental debate that was clearly playing out inside Ren’s head, but, at last, he nodded. Notes: A/N: Alright, so not so romantic, but I thought it would be a bit OOC if I made them too compatible right off the bat. I tried to have Rey come across as the person who keeps their cool (shit) together when things go south, while Ren is the one that tends to lose it a bit (Which, I mean, have you seen TFA?) So, I think they will balance each other out in that way. Please let me know if I need to fix anything. Next one should be up soon since I have MLK day off and I am really sick. Yay? And, as always, love ya AVeryPotterMormon <3 Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Letting out a huff, I began to instruct him, “Alright. Apply pressure.” He blanked with a tiny shake of his head, “What?” Are you kidding me? I roughly grabbed his nearest hand, taking it in mine, and guided it to the puncture under my rib. He had his eyebrows screwed up in confusion as he watched me place his palm over the bloodied cloth, but never once did he rip his hand out of mine. I took a deep breath, preparing myself for what was to come, and forced his large hand down hard into my side. An involuntary groan escaped my clenched teeth when the pain coursed through me, my back arching from the sensation. When I could finally open my eyes, I was met with Ren’s, now larger and alarmed. What? As if this is the worse thing he has seen or done? “Now, tell me, what happened to your ship after you shot me down? Where did you land?”, I asked him, getting to the task at hand. Confusion graced his features, a seemingly constant quality to them anymore. “I didn’t shoot you down. My shipped crashed at the same time as yours.” For a second, I could not find it in me to believe him, so sure that he had been the reason that I had wrecked and gotten hurt. But, as his eyes truly did give everything away, I could see the truth within them. He too was just as puzzled by how we had ended up losing control of our crafts and plummeting out of the sky. Damn. This changes things. But, that will have to be dealt with later. “Okay, then. How bad is your ship, do you know?” “I…do not believe it is beyond repair. Why?” “Is there any kind of medical supply kit on board? Surely there must be something for emergencies?” He thought a moment, and with an exasperated shrug agreed, “Most likely. General Hux is very exact.” “You need to get that. Only then can anything actually useful be done about helping this wound. But first, you will need to tie this up, and then build a fire.” Sliding my hands underneath his, trying to ignore how badly I wanted to cry out, I took over the job of holding pressure. I instructed him to rip a portion of one of my tunic flaps, and then tie it under and around me. With a swift, tight knot, the tunicate was in place and Ren was free to start the fire. “There are trees just outside. I caught sight of them before I took us in here. I’ll be back in a minute.”, he murmured away from me as he stood up. Taking his lightsaber in hand, he bounded off towards the open air to retrieve some wood. He was, truly, only absent for a few minutes, and quickly returned with an arms full of lightly singed timber. Ren let it all fall to the ground in a cascade of ‘clunks’ before kneeling beside the pile. After a brief moment of hesitation, he looked at me, embarrassed. With so much reluctance, he simply gestured to the wood with his hand, his mouth open with words he could not bring himself to utter. He can’t do this either… Understanding, I walked him through the steps of how to ignite the fire using the laborious method of friction. He found it frustrating, but with some encouragement, he discovered that his efforts paid off. Before long the cave was filled with the flickering warmth of natural light. The whole time I had been giving Ren orders, I had been sensitive to how cold I was becoming. The pain that had been scorchingly severe, had become, not lessened, so much as numbed. This, I knew, was not a sign that I could take as positive. Ren had to get those supplies as quickly as possible. Once the fire was complete, I sent him off. He assured me that he knew the way back to the crash site and would return with whatever he could salvage from the wreckage. Before he left, he gave me a brief once over at the entrance and repeated, more to himself than to me, that it would not take him long. I curled up, mindful of the gash, and desperately attempted to sponge some heat from the fire. Frail and drained, I reflected on my situation. I was stranded on a planet, without a ship, with a murderer who hated me and wanted to kill me. Not the best situation. Especially considering that I was currently bleeding to death in a cave with my life resting in the hands of the aforementioned murderer. However, what also captured my thoughts was the glaring fact that Kylo Ren did not shoot me out of the sky. He had not fired upon me at all. I mused for a while longer, my mind resting on subjects, memories, and faces before I found myself drifting off peacefully to the flames dancing behind the membrane of my closed eyelids. Rey… Rey… Rey. Rey! “Rey!” Cotton mouthed, head filled with sand, I groggily sifted through the darkness covering me, trying to get to the sound of my name being called. It felt like what I imagined swimming must feel like. Weightless and suspended, and yet so difficult to maneuver to where you wanted to go. The farther up I swam, the more of a warm tint my consciousness seemed to take on. All around me, even in my bones, I was keenly aware of the electrical energy of the aura. Each time I climbed upwards, towards my name, the aura cheered me on. It roared in my ears like a rambunctious crowd, as if elated that I was reaching my destination. It spurred me on further, with greater intensity. Like a rocket, I hoisted myself up with a solid final effort and shot clear out of the dark. The shock of cool air against my physical body prompted my eyes to crack open. An image, one that I could not quite make out immediately, met my bleary vision. Still not completely sure where I was, or what was going on, I waited for my sight to clear while I felt two large, warm things touch my face and shoulder. One of them cupped my cheek, and the other firmly shook my shoulder. It was not long before I was able to draw logical conclusions, and it seemed as if the rest of my faculties reluctantly followed suit. Assessing, I took in the scene: Ren was on his knees, in a panic it seemed, attempting to shake me awake. Apparently, I had passed out, the loss of blood forcing me to lose consciousness. Just the thought made me almost drift back into the shadows again, remembering the reality of my injury making its presence impossible to ignore. “I’m still here.” I croaked out, the flesh of my parched gums sticking onto itself as I spoke. The picture came in clearly to my eyes now and I saw him, disheveled and frustrated. I could only assume he had been attempting to force me awake for a while. He huffed out, relieved, “I did end up finding a medical kit. I think it should have everything that we need. But, you’ll have to tell me what to do.” I was about to respond with an ‘of course’, but a fresh wave of chilling fatigue quaked through me. His face went hazy again, and the sensation of his hands dulled, only to sputter back to life once more – as if there were a bad connection over a communicator. As if I were travelling farther away from him. It was apparent to be that I would not be able to stay conscious long enough to guide him through how to save me. “Ren…” I said with a steadying breath, shaking my head gently. Frozen, he understood at once, fixing me with an unreadable stare and the cogs turned as he debated something difficult in his head. I briefly wondered if I would be able to stay awake in time to see if he had actually ended up deciding anything. The hand on my face shifted then so that the middle and index fingers were firmly pressed against my temple. My brows scrunched up as I tried to work out what he was doing, but when a probing sensation began to massage my cranium, a sickened, cold dread poured into my stomach. It washed through up into my sternum, making me nauseous. Betrayed again. He was trying to get the map. How could I have been so naïve, so juvenile? He knew, seeing how weak I was, that I could not fight him out now, regardless of what I had threatened earlier. That was all talk. Now that I was actually here, bleeding out onto the floor, I did not have a chance at mustering any kind of strength, mental or physical. But I will be dammed if I would not at least try. I brought my hands up to push him off while I wormed my torso away as best as I could manage. The result was pitiful at best, but it did get his attention. Fixing the monster with a glare that I hoped brought across every ounce of betrayed horror I felt, I shoved him once more. His confusion only lasted a second before he comprehended me, turning angry. “Stop!” he commanded as I pushed again, responding by engulfing both of my wrists easily with his other one hand. “Rey, listen to me. I am not trying to take the map. I am trying to find the instructions on how to mend you.” I’d say the same thing if I were like him. I did not budge. Ren’s face crumbled into an expression that I had never seen him wear before – one of regret. He knew exactly what I was thinking - he didn’t even have to read my mind. Perhaps he could see through me as well as I see through him. “You have no reason to trust me, that much is obvious. But, you are going to bleed to death, and you are of no use to me dead. You hate me, but you need to trust me – just this once.” Wants conflicting with desires, I felt myself being softly swayed by the emotional, but logical, appeal of his words. I swallowed down a sob as tears escaped the moment my tensed muscles relaxed in his hold, a clear signal that I was in compliance. Ren released my wrists and raised himself closer up to bring both hands to either side of my head, clenching my temple. It was not hard to let the control go, not as weak as I was. Nonetheless, I still hated myself the whole time, but I knew there was no other option for me. Lying back, I looked into his concentrated eyes as he worked to recover what I desperately hoped was just simply the way to stitch a wound closed and disinfect it. With no real boundary between reality and unconsciousness at that point, I did not notice when I faded off. The last memory that I could recall was that of Ren’s blurred face moving away, warm hands sliding off my cheeks while he murmured departing words to me. “I’ve got it, Rey. I’ve got it.” Notes: A/N: this one felt hasty? anyone else agree? Anyway, love the butterflies I get when I see a notification for reviews or fav's for this story in my inbox - so, that just means = I love you all. Tell me what you want and what is missing, please. I truly do like to hear it. averypottermormon, Enjolras123, Perry Downing ^ you guys are the jam ;) {:^) Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Tremors from a chilled wind wracked through me as the pale light of morning leaked past my eyelids. When I awoke, sore and stiff, the fire was smoking out and a bizarre chatter of an unknown bird was ringing from a tree just outside. Making the usual moans and groans that accompanied my morning ritual, this time amplified due to my pain, I cautiously stretched out my arms above me. As soon as the cool atmosphere came into contact with my skin, I dove back down under the cloth that covered me, desperate to find refuge in the warm haven once more. The scrap of fabric was a thick, black textile, tattered at the edges and had holes throughout, ones that appeared to have been formed from multiple burns. Instantly, I recognized it. However, in inspecting the now slightly offensive makeshift blanket, I had brushed over a particularly tender area on my side. Pulling back my shirt, my fingers met a sterile, white bandage, crisscrossed over my abdomen. It took some maneuvering, but eventually, I was able to peak underneath the surprisingly tidy wrappings and take a look at Ren’s work. The stitches were not done neatly - or even well , for that mater - but it was obvious that there was a lot of effort that had been put into the process. I could tell that he had at least been careful. Sighing, I covered the mess of mangled flesh with the bandage, rearranged my shirt, and laid down once more. But, suddenly, something felt off, and I had a feeling that I should be concerned and on the alert. Snapping my eyes to the corner of the cave, I found Ren sitting on a rock far too small for him. His entire attention was focused on me, and, apparently, had been for some time. Shocked to see his dark figure perched there, I was frozen with the embarrassment of having been so unguarded in front of another person, especially my enemy. Despite my mortification, he did not seem to be even slightly uncomfortable, instead his narrow face showed him to be just as haughty and self-assured as he had been the moment he took off the mask at StarKiller Base. He was right back to being Kylo Ren. And I was back to being the captive who had to escape him. Now that the wounds were being mended, the situation was still the same. Just a different interrogation room. But any hopes for my escape were resting on how quickly the pain in my side would ease. With no medication to dull the fire, it was difficult to ignore just how excruciating the simple act of breathing was – moving at all would prove to be a challenge. However, I could not just lay on the floor all day - especially not with Ren’s eyes glued onto me. Being in a more ‘equal’ position would at least put my mind to rest, even if my body hated me for it. As gingerly as I could, I moved out from underneath my blanket, hating the chill that came to attack me. The goose bumps that arose upon my flesh were not welcome residents on my body. It was quite a task to inch into a cross-legged position, but, with some time and many steadying breaths, I managed to accomplish a decent spot. Sweat beading on my paling face, I looked up to see Ren staring at me, expressionless. I ignored him and moved on to what I wanted to know, “What planet is this?” “I am not sure. Before we crashed, I had thought that my onboard mapping system had been faulty when I didn’t get a read out, but now I don’t think so. This is unlike any place that I have ever heard of. The creatures here are not ones that I am familiar with. It seems that this is an uncharted planet.” An excited glow grew within my chest, a childish one that I could not stamp out, and a slight grin spread on my lips, “We’ve discovered a planet?” One of Ren’s brows raised in confusion, almost barely enough for me to see. His reaction reminded me of whom I was dealing with, and forced me rein myself in. I had lived on Jakku for so long with no one around only to one day collide, literally, with Finn, a boy so exuberant and energized. Just thinking about how over-a-moon he would have been about the prospect of discovering a planet, and how far away Finn was now, made becoming sullen again much easier. But, Ren’s next words broke through my reverie, “When I went back to retrieve the supplies last night, the fires had died out in the wreckage. My ship needs some work, but is not beyond hope, however yours… yours might never fly again. Fortunately, it will only take one craft to get us both back to the First Order.” I fixed him with my coldest stare. Of course, he knew that I would fight against him, which is precisely why he was teasing me this way. It was not as if I was suddenly going to hand over everything that I had fought so hard to hide. “The same thing is going to happen if you take me back. I will resist you. Every time .” I bit out. His cool gaze did not waver, “It will not be me that you will have to resist. I will be taking you to my master. I am sure he will have no problem extracting the map from you.” I snorted and cracked a joyless half-smile, anger simmering, “ And no problem killing me after. Or will that get to be your job?” Suddenly, Ren’s face altered, a choreographed dance of tendons in his jaw, one that always seemed to commence whenever he faced a conflict, played out in his cheek. Brows furrowed, his line of sight shifted away from me, diverted, as he considered the sequence of events. Choosing his words carefully, he spoke with clear hesitation, obviously trying to convince himself of his own thoughts, “You need a teacher. The Supreme Leader is wise; he will not disapprove of utilizing your power. I could show you the ways of the Force.” At this point, my blood was boiling. I had never felt myself react this quickly to anyone before, and yet I was becoming enraged with every second. I could not grasp what was making me more irate: the fact that he wanted me to embrace the Dark Side, or the fact that he was playing into the hands of such an obviously evil master? Was he that blind? The next words to issue forth from my mouth were ones that I would come to regret, even if they were true. I didn’t know it at the time, but the look in his eyes, caused by my actions, was a look that I did not want to see in anyone again. “You would teach me to murder people? Like you do? To be a monster? " Pain. Shock. Probably more taken off guard at my choice of words than anything, Ren was only vulnerable for a brief second and instantly composed himself. True to character, to remedy whatever weak emotions he felt, Ren swiftly quelled them with taciturnity, and an unperturbed shroud graced his face. However, it was plain to see, the damage was done. With sharp eyes and tone, he turned back to me, “You will come to know the power of the Dark Side, just as I did.” The statement hanging in the air, he stood up, unfolding his long limbs, and strode out of the cave, hands in tense fists at his sides. It was hours before Ren returned; my time waiting for him was spent doing nothing in particular. I was intimately familiar with the art of waiting, but, usually, I had something to do. With the stitching in place, I had no hope of occupying my time with exploring, exercising, or really anything that involved motion. The only thing that I did end up doing, much to my never-ending irritation, was sewing. Using the needle and thread that was left over in the medical supply kit, I had made use of a good hour or so by mending some of the holes in Ren’s scarf. While I could not fix the horribly ragged, tattered ends, I had successfully managed to at least make the piece solid again. When finished, there was nothing left to do but start a fresh fire and sit back until night fell. Hours later, watching the flames caress the walls, I was distracted enough to not hear sounds, signaling an approach, until they were feet away from the entrance of the cave. Heavily spaced footsteps and a scraping noise rang out in a pattern until their maker appeared, breathing deeply, at the door. Ren, masses of black hair stuck onto his forehead, trudged towards the fire, dragging behind him a trove of objects. When he finally came to a stop, leaving his finds to rest in front of me, I was amazed to see that it was all food . Lying in a, what I realized was fur, bundle, was a plethora of different kinds of fruits, nuts, and vegetables that were native to the planet. At least he wasn’t off pouting for hours. This…was not exactly what I would have expected out of Ren, especially not after insulting him as I had. Of course, the food was not only for me, but, regardless, the act alone was shocking. Such kindness did not fit his character at all, and this fact was so glaring that I did not immediately dive in to the array, despite how absolutely hollow my stomach was. I was used to being hungry, I could hold out for the sake of my unease. But, the look I received from Ren, when he noticed I was not eating, fit the man that I knew perfectly and I was instantly contented. The food was simply means of keeping a prisoner alive - just like the stitches. Reaching out, I grabbed two items, both just as exotic as the other. The first, the strangest, was a fibrous, pyramid shaped object that I could not categorize as a fruit, vegetable, or nut. The other was a round, light red thing whose flesh was adorned with a coating of raised bumps. While inspecting the food closely, I felt Ren’s eyes on me. I was about to ask him what some of this tasted like, if he even knew, right before one of his hands came down to pick from the pile. Taking his piece in hand and examining it between his fingers, he confidently bit into the yellow sphere with a crunch. I watched him intently while he chewed, waiting to see if he spit it out in disgust – or, perhaps started choking to death on a toxin – but he finished his mouthful, pleased with the taste. And so, looking down at my first choice, the odd pyramid, I shrugged my shoulders and commenced gorging myself. Just like on Takodana, since I was no longer limited to ‘portions’, I was absolutely ravenous. Ren did not comment on my limitless appetite, probably having seen from my memories how precious food had always been for me, and let me have almost the entire pile. Throughout the night, I had been brave and bit into even the most peculiar looking items. Unfortunately, as I found out the unpleasant way, not everything he had scavenged was meant to be consumed. In some instances, as I tried to chew a morsel, it became apparent that the task was impossible, and I ended having to spit it out. During these times, while I was quietly coughing and picking bits of foreign objects off my tongue, I could swear I would see Ren in my periphery discreetly trying to appear disinterested. He would deliberately take a bite of whatever he had, and would direct his gaze at the ceiling, unsuccessfully killing off a smirk. I could not decide if it was unnerving or reassuring to find that he was capable of a somewhat positive emotion. When nothing but scraps remained, I began to grow tired again. Many times throughout the day, I had fallen prey to sleep – a side effect of being wounded, and now, having been properly nourished, my body was once again signaling me that it was time to rest. Sliding onto my side, I was about to reach for Ren’s scarf as a cover again when a nagging question made its way to my tongue. “Where did you get this?” I asked, pinching the fur Ren had dragged the food in with. “The animal that chased us? It died from its wounds and I found it collapsed not far from here. I needed to carry the food, so I skinned part of its arm with my saber.” My eyes widened as I looked down from Ren’s face to the large patch of fur, a chunk bigger than my entire body. Just the arm? “Use it. It will be far warmer than that scrap.” He said offhandedly, shaking me from my alarm. I picked up the scarf he was referring to, admiring my handiwork, and decided he was right. Folding up the black knit, I tucked it underneath my head, happy for the added comfort, and pulled my new, heavier blanket onto myself. Half an hour later, drifting off, I watched Ren sit on his rock by the fire, with his forearms resting on his knees. He was looking into the flames, lost in some deep daydream, so entrenched in his own mind he did not notice me unabashedly studying him from my cozy spot on the floor. Briefly, I mused, as shadows conformed to the contours of his brow, whether or not I would still dream of him, even though I had the real man right in front of me? Notes: A/N: Hopefully, not too OOC. I have this plot idea that will hopefully explain why he might be (if he came off this way a tad in this chap). As always, you guys are lovely. Thank you so much for taking the time to say stuff :). AVeryPotterMormon, Enjolras123, Perry Downing = constructive and amazing as always. I have a fab crew here.