You and Hux stand at opposite sides of the bedroom. A now familiar ritual between the two you. “Do you want to go first, General?” you say to him in a velvety tone as you slowly strut over to him, teasingly popping open the buttons of your uniform. “Oh Officer Y/L/N, when will you stop with your coy little act. The answer is always the same” He smirks as you wrap your arms around his neck and pull yourself against him. He rests his hand sat your waist. “Give me a refresher than” you hum against his lips “Gladly.” Is his final word before darting his lips to yours. The kiss is a mess of clashing teeth, swirling tongues and shallow panting. Hux lifts you up with ease prompting you to wrap your legs around his waist, guiding you two over to the bed. You swipe his heavy coat off his shoulder, letting it drop down at his feet. He detaches you from him and drops you onto the bed making you bounce on the mattress. You carefully eye Hux as he walks over to his dresser and pulls out a small unfamiliar box. He peers over to you before stalking back to the bed like a predator. “What’s in the box?” you ask with a curious eye brow raised. Hux replies with a warped grin as he opens it and pulls out a silk tie. “Open your mouth,” He commands while winding part of the tie around his knuckles, “and turn your back to me.” You oblige and slowly open up as you spin on your knees away from him. Your eyes flick up to see the tie being lowered in front of you until it reaches you mouth. You instinctively bite down on the bitter fabric as you feel it being tied at the back of your head. “Good girl,” Hux coos as he flips you over with your back to the mattress “you must’ve done this before.” You nod in response as Hux gingerly rips your uniform off of you, leaving you naked on the bed. “Now darling, I don’t know if you could tell but, I like to be in control even during my most intimate of moments.” Hux states as he peels off his uniform top “I also like to initiate punishments in those moments as well” You feel a familiar wetness start to pool down below as you watch him strip off his shirt. Hux grabs another tie from the box and grabs one of your arms, yanking it up a bit and tying it to the headboard. He repeats the motion with your other arm. “Don’t take this personally, Y/N, I just can’t afford visible markings of any kind on me.” you nod in agreement “But, you on the other hand. You’ll have marks that’ll stay for days” He purrs as he trails a cold finger down from your neck to your pelvic bone. You shiver in excitement and rub your legs together for some friction. Hux peaks down then back up to you before diving a hand between your legs. He slowly swipes a finger along your folds and encircles your hole causing a whimper to slip out. You tug at your restraints a bit as he twists his hand to spread open your legs. You quickly spread them as wide as you can for him. Hux’s face contorts into a grin “Eager, Y/N?” You retort with a muffled groan, bucking up your hips to feel his finger again. Hux’s grin grows as he jams two fingers inside you while thumbing your clit. You arch your back towards him as he pumps the digits, opening them up occasionally. You wantonly moan against the gag then shift to whimpering as he removes them. “One last thing.” Hux hums as he reaches for another tie in the box. You strain your neck trying to see what he has planned for the tie. Hux gives you one last grin before blindfolding you with it. Your eyes flicker under the fabric as they adjust to the darkness. You hear Hux’s pants shuffle while his belt clanks together. Hux places a flayed palm on one of your thighs, pinning it to the bed and he hoists your other leg around your waist. You immediately wrap it around, hearing he let out a small chuckle. “Keep that there” He gives one last command before ramming his cock into you. A choked scream lashes out against the gag. Hux starts with a rhythm of rough deep thrusts, as his grunts and your muffled moaning fill the room. You feel a familiar cold hand wrap itself around your throat as his name falls from your bound lips. He picks up the pace to a much faster speed with shallower thrusts as he squeezes his hand lightly around your throat, momentarily blocking your airway. You squeeze your leg around his waist pushing him into you further and he fills you up with each thrust. Hux squeezes his hand against you throat once more causing you to gasp for air. You arch your back once more and buck up your hips to meet his thrusting. Hux smirks down at you as he feels your walls clench around him. He gives your throat one last squeeze, much tighter than the rest. Your screams rip out from the gag as you feel your orgasm rip through you, Hux’s hand making it much harder to breath. He thrusts through it at a more erratic pace before burying his cock all the way into you with a loud grunt. “Y/N” He loudly groans as you feel his hot cum drench you. You two stay still for a few minutes panting to catch your breathe. Hux pulls out of you and undoes your restrains then blindfold. He lastly pulls off the gag, a small saliva bridge breaking and falling onto your chin. You give Hux a small smile as he lays down next to you and pulls you into him. “I think you’ll have to refresh me again later” You wink at him, making him smirk. Notes: Thanks for reading, feedback and comments are appreciated :')