Falling Notes: *Edit: I've edited the chapter to flow a little more smoothly, not so beat around the bush about them being thrown into a tie fighter. Thanks for the feedback, MikyAngel and 13oct Rey fought on instinct, letting the Force flow through her and guide her actions, pushing aside feeling to float in its serenity. She let it channel hidden depths of strength, not thinking, but moving. Kylo Ren fell at her feet, and the Force’s spell over her broke as she let the great swelling of relief flow through her. Finn. She had to get to Finn. Rey pushed herself forward, feet numb, teeth beginning to chatter. Her head was beginning to ache again, the colossal pain that had been temporarily ignored, and then forgotten, in the Force returning. “Finn. I have to get Finn.” she murmured, remembering Kylo Ren slashing his back. Kylo Ren. Hurt. The light within him she’d felt while she drifted in the Force, so small, but there, pulled at her. She stopped, and turned, reaching out in the Force for his light saber. It flew through the air and into her hand. With a curse, she tucked it into her belt and jogged back to him. She had to save him, she owed it to Han, to Leia. Oh, Han. Bile rose in her mouth, and disgust burned in her, red hot, but still she strode forward to stand above his bleeding form. He was still alive, she could feel it. Dizzily, she dipped her shoulder and did her best to drag him up and half onto her back. One laborious step after another she pushed forward, one hand forward, using the small bit of the Force still swirling in her blood to push the falling trees away. Her head ached and ached, and black began to bleed into her vision, but still she pushed forward, towards Finn. The ground shook beneath her, sending her to her knees, with Kylo Ren a crushing weight above her. Finn , she had to save him, FINN! FINN FINN FINN! She shouted his name as the snow turned black and unconsciousness claimed her. …… The pain felt like fire, fire burning across his face, in his gut. Kylo Ren pushed against it, but his strength was gone. A rough, strong hand grabbed his arm and pulled him up, up towards the smell of trash. He tried to flinch away, but didn’t have the strength, consumed in the pain rolling through his body, echoing in his mind. He can feel his Master twisting it, laughing, angry. He had failed. “General Hux, I have him. And the girl.” The words floated through to him, as if through glass. Even in his pain filled haze he recognized Captain Phasma’s voice. The sewer stench, however; was new. A small part of his mind warned of danger, but he ignored it, caught up in the disapproval, no, anger, his Master was feeding to him through the Force. His father, oh, his father. He’d killed him, he’d proven himself, couldn’t his master see his devotion? He felt his Master’s laughter tear through him. Yes, you killed him, but then you failed me. You lost. You are weak. There can only be one apprentice. That is the way of the Sith. You are weak, she is strong. You are dead to me. A scream tore out of his body as his awareness of his Master vanished. He felt alone, more alone than ever, and so exposed. Suddenly, it came rushing back, the sight of his father’s face, so open, love and sadness shining in his eyes. A cold metal floor beneath him jarred him to a higher awareness of his surroundings. His mind reeled, grasping at straws to place his surroundings. Sleek chrome walls filled with butons and displays, a back to back chair in a cramped space. Someone had dumped him in a tie fighter. A familiar sharp nose sneered down at him, and he struggled to pull himself together. “Oh, and don’t forget to take his lightsaber, Phasma.” General Hux said before turning on his heel and leaving, smug in his victory. “Yes sir.” Phasma said to his retreating back. His eyes opened again as she searched his robes, prodding carelessly at his hurt side, pulling him up to check the back of his belt. Anger surged through him. They couldn’t take his saber. His Master would never forgive him then. He harnessed his anger, using it to put strength into his command. “You will not touch my light saber.” “I will not touch your light saber.” “You will tell General Hux that you took it.” “I will tell General Hux that I took it.” Phasma repeated, woodenly, before releasing her hold on him, causing him to fall back to the floor. Kylo Ren groaned in pain as she stood and turned away. He tried to push himself back up into a sitting position, but the strain was too much. He closed his eyes in pain as the floor beneath him began to hum as the tie fighter took flight. The room rocked and he lost his grip on consciousness. …………. Rey drifted awake slowly, the softly incessant beeping bleeding into her dreams. Her head pounded, and she squeezed her eyes shut, trying to burrow deeper into the dreams of home and the future, of warm sand dunes and even warmer arms. Her brow furrowed in confusion when her eyes finally did open and she had to blink slowly a few times before anything came into focus. She was sitting in a cockpit, a tie fighter. A red alarm beeped on the dash in front of her, as a missile traced its way across the screen, a dangerous little red blip. Instantly, she went into overdrive, and moved to alter her ship’s course but stopped short, held back by cuffs chaining her wrists and legs to the chair. “No, no, no! Please, NO!” she screamed in frustration. A figure behind her moaned in response, causing her heart to beat even faster. “Who’s there?” she said, voice sharp. She received no response, but she did not need one as she began to register the feel of Kylo Ren’s dark presence through the Force. It was subdued, asleep. She could sense that he was hurt, physically and emotionally. “Kylo Ren! I know you’re there. Wake up! Ben, I need you! Please!” The console chirped again, giving a two minute warning. She held her breath, willing him to rise, desperately hoping he was not chained as well. Then she could hear him try to stand, moaning at the pain in his side. “Ren, you have to get up. We’re trapped in this fighter and there’s a missile trailing us, and two more tie fighters. We have less than two minutes, and they’ve bloody strapped me to the chair!” “We have to warp out of here.” he said between heavy breaths. “I can’t get to the controls, you idiot!” she screamed. To her relief, he dragged himself towards the console, half standing, clutching painfully at his stomach. “I don’t remember how to fly.” he admitted, fingers hovering over the controls, shame flashing across his face. “Fuck, fuck, ok. I need out of this chair. We can still do this. Here, look inside my head, I’ll tell you what to do.” He nodded and she pushed her thought forward at the same time she felt his dark presence pushing into her mind. She fed him a picture of the button she wanted, the one to speed them away, and the sequence of buttons she hoped would give the engine the needed power. As she relayed the information his fingers worked pushing and pulling the asked for levers and buttons. They accelerated, pulling away from the missile and Rey held her breath, anxiously waiting for the kick into hyperdrive, but it never came. “It’s not working!” “Damn! They must have disabled the drive capability. I need out of this chair!” Kylo Ren’s hand went to his belt, and he growled when he came up empty. “Here’s it’s in my tunic, left side, in the pocket!” Rey said, hoping she wouldn’t regret this decision. He eyed her warily for a moment and then took a wobbly step forward, his bloody hand leaving a crimson smear on her light tunic as he regained his saber. Rey knew a moment of fear as it sparked to life, one long red blade of energy, swinging towards her. She sighed in relief as he simply burned through her chains. Wasting no time, she descended on the control panel, throwing brief mental commands for help at Kylo Ren as she worked. He obeyed without question, and together, they regained control of the ship, keeping one step ahead of the missile. The two tie fighters hanging behind them quickly caught on. To her frustration, they had been remotely controlling the vessel and they kept trying to regain control. Gaining access to warp was futile; a brief systems check showed that the wires had been cut and a main component had been removed. “Kylo, I need you to man the guns,” she said as a blast from one of the tie fighter’s canons hit their shield, depleting it. She took over the controls as he stumbled to the seat behind hers. Thankfully, he did not need instructions on how to work the gun. Before too long, only one ship followed behind him. He began to target it as they continued their elaborate dance with the enemy ship and the missile locked onto their ship. Wait. Rey pushed another thought towards him, suddenly seeing a way out. Hold your fire. The missile is not going to blow until it hits it’s target- or a target. He caught on immediately. Get us closer to the other fighter, and drop speed so the missile is close, I’ll blast it towards them. Getting near the other fighter was tricky, but Rey managed it, dropping speed and shooting down towards the planet below, rotating their craft so their guns faced the other. True to his word, Kylo Ren blasted the missile, not the fighter, and as he did so, they reached out in the Force together, pushing the missile back, towards the other fighter. It exploded in a ball of fire, but not before their ship took one last volley of shots from their doomed opponent. They both screamed as their ship rocked, throwing them around the small cockpit. They fell, pulled into the planet's gravity. Together, they pushed out with the Force, hoping to slow their descent, pushing against the strain on their already tired bodies, fighting every second as darkness won. Chapter 2 : Stranded Summary: Rey and Kylo Ren find themselves stranded, bloodied and battered. The sharp sting of smoke burning in her lungs woke Rey. Coughing, she struggled to breathe, pain radiating through her body. She lay in the smouldering remains of a tie fighter, crashed on an unknown planet. Fear racing through her, she worked to calm her breathing, trying to use the Force to help push away a section of the control panel from across her back. Once free, she shakily stood, peering into the dark forest, not sure where to turn for help- if there even was help. Blood trickled from a cut in her arm, and bruises bloomed across her body, painful reminders of her survival. Carefully, Rey poked through the remains of the smoking, sparking, control panel, desperately hoping there was something of the radio systems to salvage. She worked quickly andt efficiently, but found little of worth, her progress impeded by an aching head and blurry vision. A loud moan drew her attention. Kylo Ren lay in the rubble a few feet away, half buried beneath one of the wings. Dropping her pathetic finds, she ran to him, worry pushing her forward. “Kylo!” she said as she knelt beside him, fingers desperately working at his throat to find a pulse. Unexpectedly, his hand gripped her arm with hard strength and she jumped. He took a ragged breath before addressing her. “I can’t… get up. My leg. It’s not right.” Kylo struggled with the words, knuckles white with pain. Rey wrenched free of his grasp, moving to push at the rubble pinning him down, It barely budged, and the small movement made Kylo howl with pain. “Sorry, sorry! It’s too big. I don’t know if I can do it.” she said, panicking. “Use. the. force.” he grit out, reaching out a shaking hand towards the metal, making it rock. With a deep breath Rey reached out as well, her fear and panic mixing with his pain in the Force. Together they focused their turbulent emotions, lifting the wreckage and tossing it away. Rey stumbles as it dropped, her head spinning. Sinking to her knees next to Kylo Ren, she struggled to stay upright. Slowly the world stopped spinning as a cool strength flooded into her. With the clear head came the realization that her companion was doing worse, having lent her some of his stregnth in the Force. “Can’t pass out now, Rey. Gotta get us out of here. Don’t sleep. Your head is hurt. Let’s go.” Kylp said, in broken panting gasps. Using the Force to the best of her ability, she half levitated, half dragged Kylo Ren out of the clearing and into the night. A sparse standing of trees bordered the clearing, but Rey hesitated to stay so close to the crash scene. A half lucid Kylo Ren agreed that it wasn’t wise to stay in the cover, they risked too much staying so close to the crash. He passed out as she moved him across a grassy field and down a rock strewn hill. To Rey’s relief a stream trickled by at the base of the hill and she dumped Kylo in an undignified heap, making sure his leg was stretched out, to drink deeply. Once sated, she sat next to him in the night’s twilight glow, struggling to stay awake. She’d hit her head, hard, when Kylo had thrown her against the tree during their fight in the snow on the Starkiller. By the throbbing pain pulsing through her, she was pretty sure she’d hit it at some point in the crash as well. Sleeping was bad when when you had a head injury. Everyone knew that, she thought as the darkness crept in once more. … Pain strengthens one’s connection to the darkside. It is a gateway to anger, and unleashes the dark flow of the force, giving one power untold. Kylo Ren had been taught to relish and nurse his pain; not to give into it in despair, but to nurse it into a weapon to use to his advantage. He was seriously beginning to rethink his relationship with pain, however. He woke to more pain than he’d ever felt before. It felt like every cell in his body ached from an uncountable number of bruises. His face burned where Rey’s lightsaber had scorched a path across his nose and cheek. He’d inhaled enough smoke to develop a sore throat. His left side throbbed and burned from the hit he’d endured from Chewbacca, and dried blood matted the cloth there. The pain from his right leg eclipsed his other discomforts. It bloomed bright and hot, shooting up his leg with each breath he took. Carefully, he reached out with the Force to ascertain exactly who bad the break was. He determined his tibia had cracked, a clean break, and his fibula had simply cracked. The larger bone, however, was not properly aligned. Steeling himself, he used the Force to nudge the bone back into place, screaming at the increased burst of pain. The bone slid obediently into place, and the pain ebbed, but continued to flow, leaving him panting. His scream had jolted Rey awake. The girl staggered to her feet, hand groping for her lightsaber, robes a torn, sooty mess, hair a wild halo around her face, spilling out of her buns. He had never seen anyone more ridiculously beautiful. She quickly realized that they were not being attacked, and relaxed, turning to him in concern. “Kylo, are you alright?” He laughed, the sound a broken rasp, causing every muscle pain. Her cool hand felt his forehead, testing for fever. She pulled away after a moment, relieved with what she found but wary of his reactions. More tentatively she reached a hand towards his leg, and he hissed as her hand tentatively brushed it. “Your wounds need to be dressed. We can’t risk your getting an infection.” she stated. “That wouldn’t be pleasant, no. Unfortunately, I haven’t exactly seen any med droids lurking about.” he snarked, breathing carefully, doing his best to draw in the shards of his pain. “I don’t even know where we are!” she said, head in her hands. “I do. Well, I have a pretty good idea, anyways.” Kylo said before pointing to the hazy purple band stretching across the sky. “Not too many planets have purple rings. We’ll need to wait until dark to be sure, but I think we’re in a pretty quiet, remote sector of the galaxy, on a pleasure planet.” “Pleasure planet?” Rey said, eyebrows pulling together in wary confusion. “Yes, a form of one, anyways. Some of the Galaxy’s richest own planets, or large shares in planets, that are used as resorts- pleasure planets. Some are used for hunting reserves, while others have more urban pursuits. General Hux’s family owns a share in one, and if I’m not wrong that’s where we are now.” “So, we’re probably not going to find a med droid anytime soon then?” she asked, hope fading. “No.” he said, tiredly closing his eyes. “I can do it. I can fix you.” Rey declared. Feeling the determination behind her words, his mouth turned down into a frown. She seemed insistent on saving him, on helping him, of seeing light where there was none, and he couldn’t make heads or tails of it. “Why?” Rey rocked back on her heels, shocked. “Why? What do you mean, why?” she asked. “Why are you so bent on fixing me? Why didn’t you run from me, let fall into the snow and die?” “Because you’re worth saving, Kylo Ren. I know you are.” she said. “Even after what I did to… Han.” he said, choking on the words. Through the Force, he could feel her sadness roll over him, coaxing out his own. She looked down at him, tears shining in her eyes, choosing her words with care. He waited, working hard to wrap his heart in a slippery armour of anger. It didn’t stand a chance against the onslaught of her own mix of anger, longing, pity, hope. “He thought you were worth saving. Han didn’t give up on you. I won’t shame his memory by giving up. It’s not what he would want.” Kylo had no response, suddenly worn out. He closed his eyes, but listened as she made her way back to the stream, kneeling to drink. To his surprise, she came back to his side, hands cupped carefully together, holding water. She patiently waited as he struggled back into a half sitting position, grunting through the pain. Gingerly placing his lips against her proffered hands, he sipped, letting the cool water sooth his throat, eagerly tipping his head back to catch each drop as she tilted her joined hands for him. Wordlessly, Rey made several trips back and forth from the stream, making sure that his thirst was quenched before moving to sit down next to him once more. “We need a plan.” “Staying in the sun all day wouldn’t be wise.” he agreed. “We’re too close to the crash site still.” Rey said, looking up the hill. “Yes, we need to move along. It wouldn’t be a bad idea for you to go scout the crash site for anything useful first.” “I can do that.” she said, and he suddenly remembered that she’d lived as a scavenger as he felt her relief at something familiar slide towards him through the Force. “Good. You’ll do that this evening, though if you approach the site and sense anyone else is there, clear out as soon as possible.” “Oh, believe me, I have no intention of getting caught.” she said with a toss of her head. “Then we can be on our way. Try to find me something to use as a crutch.” “I’m dressing your wounds before I go.” “Fine. And then once you’re back we’ll be on our way. If we’re lucky we’ll come across a lodge. We should follow this stream towards it’s source, see if we can find anything that way.” “Fine.” Rey agreed. Nervousness and determination pour off of her as she puts on a brave face and unwraps the bindings on her arms, splashing into the water just a bit down stream to scrub her hands and the cloth. Once clean, she comes back up the hill, pulling her hair back into proper buns, water dripping from her. Together, they work on undressing him. Rey works as gently as she can pulling off his right boot, but he still cries out, hot tears running down his face. Removing his pants almost causes him to blackout. He’s in so much pain that he doesn’t worry about being embarrassed. Pink blooms on her cheeks, but she makes no comment and steadily avoids looking anywhere in the direction of his black briefs. His leg is no longer bent at an odd angle, but it is not pretty by a long shot, bloody and bruised. The boot is repurposed as a water carrier, after it is rinsed out. Kylo grimaces at the thought of what germs and bacteria may be lurking in the smelly leather, but it’s better than nothing. He just hopes that there’s still a first aid kit in the wreckage with a good dose of penicillin. With the utmost care, Rey washes his leg, and uses part of her arm wrappings along with two good sized, sturdy sticks from a nearby tree to create a tourniquet. Once this is done, he feels wrung out, ready for a break, but to proud to ask. She is made even more determined by her success. With steady hands Rey removes his belt and cloak before helping Kylo peel off his grey tunic. It sticks unpleasantly to the wound in his side, making it ooze blood, turning the side of the fabric an unpleasant black. She takes this in stride, calmly rinsing it out in the stream, laying it on some rocks to dry in the hot sun. She spends less time tending to his side, rinsing it before wrapping it in the last of her fabric. Moving out of the sun and into the shade of a nearby stand of trees uses the last of Kylo’s strength. He watches Rey head towards the crash site with half closed eyes. She is barely out of sight as he lets a fitful sleep claim him. Chapter 3 : On a Planet Far, Far Away Summary: A peek into the life of post-battle Poe. He is tired, and preoccupied with a certain ex-storm trooper in the med wing. And General Organa is making plans for the future. Sleep leaves Poe feeling only marginally restored. He rolls out of his bunk and makes his way to the fresher with wooden, automatic steps, thinking instead of another man, still sleeping, in the med wing a building over. As he strips in front of the fresher stall BB-8 responds to his question with a series of chirps and whistles. Finn is stable, but still asleep. His surgeons believe the work they’d done to his spine was a success, but they wouldn’t know for sure until he woke. General Organa was requesting his presence, but ordered him to have breakfast first. Fifteen minutes later, dressed and feeling a little more clear headed, he took his rumbling stomach to the mess hall. More than one fellow pilot stopped him on his way for a quiet word, a fistbumb and loud exclamation, or a back thumping hug. His reception in the mess hall was just as colorful as fellow pilots, techs, and soldiers cheered for their favorite pilot. He took it all in stride, returning the hugs and handshakes, passing on words of praise and condolences as he passed through the crowded hall assembled for the morning meal. His heart hurt as he glanced around the room- full, but diminished after their great battle. A service droid handed him a tray with his usual fare, a steaming cup of caf next to a bowl of fluffy rice and beans with a small bowl of fruit on the side. A few of the pilots from Red Squadron waved him over to their table, and he ate in the company of his men and women, listening to their tales of battle with half an ear, his attention wandering again and again to a boy laying in the medbay. They were polite enough not to mention it, even if more than one of them sent him a concerned look. He did not have to wait long outside of the General’s office before her aide waved him in, shutting the door behind him. “Poe Dameron. Come in.” General Organa said, standing from her seat behind her desk. Poe gave her a smart, serious salute before taking the chair she motioned him to. “Good morning, General. What can I do for you, ma’am?” She gave out a short bark of laughter in response, a rare smile playing across her lips. He let himself relax, soaking in her pleasure. “Poe, you’ve already done so much for me, and for the Resistance. I wanted to personally thank you for your skill, heroic actions, and great leadership during the assault on Starkiller base yesterday. You have gone above and beyond in the last few days.” She said, patting the data padd holding the report he’d compiled before crashing the night before. “It is my honor, General.” “And your honor strengthens us, and our cause. I think you’ve earned a damn long vacation, Poe, but unfortunately there’s still so much to be done.” “Vacations can wait until we’re all safe and free of the First Order.” Poe said. “As you know, there’s been a new potential Jedi that has emerged in the last few days- Rey. She did not return with us.” Poe’s brows furrowed in concern. Rey was Finn’s friend, and a great potential ally. “Does the First Order have her?” “We don’t know. It’s only been 16 hours since everything went down, so our surveillance and recon teams are still monitoring comms and tracking the fleeing First Order ships. So far we haven’t come across any chatter on her, though we are looking for it. We know she and your friend Finn fought… Kylo Ren, on Starkiller’s surface. We were able to retrieve Finn, as you know, but Chewie and the soldiers with them did not find Rey or Kylo Ren in the short time they had.” “And Kylo Ren?” Poe asked. “Purported dead, according to the First Order chatter. We tracked a Tie fighter going in and then shortly out of their last known coordinates but were unable to track it further. My son is not dead, I’d feel it if he were. The counsel agrees, we need to find him, as soon as possible. I wanted you to know that we’re searching, and once we have even half a clue, we’re going to need to send out a search party. I’d like you to lead that mission.” “It would be my pleasure, ma’am.” “Thank you, Poe. I appreciate your service, and I want you to know that you have my trust. I know you've earned your rest, but this isn't a job I could give to just anyone.” “I understand, and it is my honor.” General Leia Organa smiled at him, a tired but heartfelt gesture, and he felt as if he’d just been given a benediction. After a reverent shake of her hand, he wandered back towards the room the other fellow pilot squadron leaders used as an office. He had condolence missives to write and personnel to oversee. He didn’t get the chance to go back to his bunk until late in the afternoon. Instead, he headed towards the laundry rooms. Bev, the dry cleaning clerk, had his - now Finn’s - jacket waiting, cleaned and mended. When Finn had been shuttled to the med ward, one of his friend’s there had the presence of mind to hold onto it, giving it to him when he’d stopped to check on Finn before bunking down for a few hours rest. Bev’s assistant had been happy to take the late night order, declaring the garment repairable despite the lightsaber gash. As he held the pliant leather in his arms he wished Finn was as easily fixed. The med droid made a minimal fuss before agreeing to let him into Finn’s small room in the intensive care ward. He entered with his heart in his throat, disappointed to find the younger man still sleeping. The droid helpfully informed him that his vitals were as steady as could be expected, but he’d yet to wake. The young stormtrooper was thoroughly bandaged but looked surprisingly peaceful as he slept. Poe stood over him, willing him to heal, to wake so he could see his intense, trusting gaze once more. Even though they’d known each other for such a short amount of time, the young man had impressed him with his bravery, his capacity to love, his strength of character despite his heavy indoctrination and conditioning by the First Order. Being a stormtrooper wasn’t just a choice, it was a hard, cold way of life that was hammered into the stolen youth’s minds, burned into their souls. And yet Finn had broken free. Poe was intrigued, absolutely captivated. After many moments, or many hours, Poe had lost track, the pilot felt the stirrings of hunger and tiredness press in. He gently draped the jacket on a chair in the corner before turning back to say good bye. A smile grew on his lips as he remembered a fairy tale his mother had once told him, of a princess woken by a prince’s kiss. After a moment’s hesitation, Poe took a deep breath, gathering the strength of his hope, and pressed his warm dry lips against Finn’s for just a moment. He straightened, looking down with his heart in his throat, fingers pressed against his lips as if to hold onto the brief kiss. Finn continued to sleep, peaceful and still. With a shake of his head and a shrug of his shoulders, Poe left in search of his dinner.