Hux angrily struts into his dorm and violently slams the door. He drops his backpack onto his desk with a growl before angrily pulling off his shoes. Hux flops down onto his bed, angrily curling up against the sheets. Kylo peeks out from the bathroom dorm way, snapping up the waistband of his sweatpants. “Are you mad because I’m letting the steam out into the room again?” He teases, closely watching the ginger man’s reaction. Hux lays unmoving with the exception of his ragged, irate breathing. “Are you alright? Did something happen in class today?” He pries as he towels his hair dry. Hux is unresponsive. Kylo slowly strolls into the room watching Hux intently. “Your mother gave me a F on my New Government paper in her Galactic Politics class. Said it has too much radical imperialist ideals.” Hux snarls without looking at Kylo. He sighs in response and tugs at the comforter on his bed before trotting over to Hux’s bed. “What are you doing?” Hux grumbles lowly as Kylo clambers into his tiny bed with him. He feels a strong arm wrap around his torso and a plush blanket drape over him “Is that your Vader comforter!? That thing is filthy!” “shh shh just shut up” Kylo hums as he runs his hands up and down Hux’s frame “I’m trying to cheer you up.” Kylo wiggles his other arm under the other man and pulls him against his body as he buries his head into Hux’s neck. Kylo stays quiet for a minute before he starts to quietly hum ‘Imperial March’ in Hux’s ear. Hux side eyes the other man without turning his head. “What are you doing?” “Trying to cheer you up” Kylo echoes his early statement before returning to his song. “Your wretched humming is not helping” Hux groans biting back a small smile. “I’ll leave you alone once you give me a smile” Kylo smirks, nuzzling his nose against the ginger’s ear “I bet I’m close” “Never!” Hux barks as he buries his head into his pillow to hide the large grin on his face. Kylo flops on his back, dangling a leg off the side of the bed to keep his balance as he screws his eyes shut and belts out the tune horribly off key. Hux buries his face further into his pillow to stifle a laugh. “I heard that” Kylo smirks while cracking open an eye to peak over at Hux “It’s physically impossible to laugh without smiling” “There are exceptions to the rules.” Hux points out, voice muffled by the pillow. The brunette snakes his hand out from under the ginger and hops up from the bed, kneeling on it now with one knee. Hux turns over and sits up a bit, sliding down the pillow enough to watch Kylo. He throws him a devious smirk and puffs up a large breathe before screaming the score at the top of his lungs. ‘BANG BANG BANG’ Kylo screaming is interrupted by a loud banging at the door making him stop in place. “Shut the FUCK up, Ren! You are not the only person on this floor!” Phasma hisses from the other side. Kylo and Hux stay in a dead silence listening to her make a loud huff and stomp off across the hall. Kylo peers over to Hux who’s biting down on his lip. They lock eyes causing Hux to go into an uncontrollable fit of laughter. He throws his pillow at the other man as a wide grin tugs at the edges of Kylo’s mouth. “What?” Hux inquires between giggles “Nothing.” Kylo mumbles falling back into the bed and cuddling up to Hux. He pulls the comforter over them again. “Tell me.” Hux demands as he pants for air. Kylo props himself on his elbow, wide grin still adorning his face. He leans up to the other man and gives him a soft peak on his lips. “I cheered you up.” Notes: Thanks for reading :))) Feedback & Kudos are appreciated