Beginnings Rey peered around the corner in the dark cave, tense yet knowing what was already there. Turning around, Kylo looked at her with a derisive tone in his distorted voice. “Look who finally came.” She gulped, more from the anticipation than doubt in her skill. Her years in training made her feel confident. Still, it had all been building up to this confrontation. “If you were so desperate for retribution, then maybe you could have done something about that yourself.” Kylo laughed cruelly. “Don’t think that I’ve been sitting around doing nothing all this time.” Both of them drew sabers and clashed. She could tell that he had been training – his moves masterful and deft. There wasn’t much room in the cave for acrobatics, and the blinding light from the saber made it difficult to see the dim surroundings. Rey lost awareness of the amount of time that had passed. Both of them were heaving, and looked like they were at the end of their reserves. Kylo chuckled. “Still so keen to deliver justice to me.” He removed his helmet. “Yet peering into my big, blue eyes, can you really go ahead?” She scowled. “I admit that I was surprised to see you at first, but don’t think I’d hesitate to kill you. I know you , now.” “Yes, you want revenge the death of someone whom you knew for two minutes. And some little kids you didn’t know at all,” he said with a cold smirk. “And… you want to kill me so you can deny that you were ever attracted to me.” “What are you saying?” she shouted. “That’s rubbish!” She lunged forward. The crackle of their swords echoed through the cave. Kylo laughed. “How could someone as pure as you have erotic dreams about a killer almost every night? Give up everything you’ve worked for, abandon everyone who is relying on you, abandon your father … all for just one night of fucking like animals with the handsome enemy? Poor neglected little whore .” She screamed, thrashing wildly, hatred embedded on her face. One of her attacks connected, and Kyle fell with a cry. His body twitched violently, then became deathly still. His body seemed to merge with the surrounding rocks to the point where she couldn’t tell if he’d ever been there. Heaving, Rey withdrew her lightsaber and walked out of the cave. The sombre expression on Luke’s face meant she had failed her test. “There is nothing more I can teach you now,” he said. “Learn from this what you will.” He kissed her affectionately on the forehead. “Thank you, Father,” she said, with tears in her eyes, giving him a quick hug back. This was a deviation from the ‘Master’ title that she’d used during her training. With a heavy sigh, she made her way back to her ship. R2-D2 beeped happily at her. She had plenty of things to think about on the way home. At least, the place she’d called home – the Resistance base. So unfamiliar was she with other people being nice to her on her desert planet, she’d immediately thought of them all of the rebel forces as family. And she’d failed. The Kylo in her visions knew exactly what her deepest desires and fears were, but was her attraction obvious to the real Kylo? On one level, it didn’t matter; it affected the purity of her resolve, of her stature as a Jedi. Was it true? Would she really give it all away for one passionate night with Kylo? Did she really want him, or was it some part of her that was a rebel, having the responsibility of a Jedi thrust upon her rather than her seeking it out? She’d have to learn from her mistake. She’d lunged out in hatred to Kylo… in hatred to herself . She’d lost all composure. Been weak under the pressure. So she resolved to do the impossible – to honour Han’s memory by bringing Kylo home, as Han had initially tried to do. And it didn’t matter what it would mean to her on a personal level, since she’d be trying to do what’s best for Kylo. “R2, let’s take a detour to the Veridian system.” Chapter 2 : Intervention It wasn’t easy finding him, but it wasn’t impossible, either. To her surprise, there wasn’t much of the garrison of the First Order around. He was definitely incognito – well, as much as he could be. She landed close to his cruiser, and could tell that he was in a nearby cave. Another bloody cave. Stepping through, she saw him meditating, his helmet to the side, his face peaceful. He opened his eyes, a frown on his forehead as his eyes adjusted to the person he knew was there. “I hear you’re still in training,” she said, wanting to start some kind of conversation so she could better gauge his intentions. “Oh, is this a social visit?” he asked, half-laughing. “Yes, I am in training, and you’re actually here.” She gasped as she realised that she must be his nemesis, his vision that he would have to overcome to emerge victorious. After a moment, he continued. “So I have a good reason for being here. What about yourself?” He looked like he was belittling her rather than genuinely asking the question. “I want you .” She gasped as she realised what she said. He raised an eyebrow. “N-no… I meant…” “Oh, you meant you just want my body,” he said, chuckling at the fact that any romantic implications threw her off completely. He fell silent, looking at her amused, waiting for her to make the next move. “So what are your intentions?” she asked bluntly. “Not exactly honourable,” he replied mildly, drawing his saber. “To kill you. And what are yours, again?” “To make you see the error of your ways, and entice you to come back home.” While it may not be the typical tactical thing to reveal her plans, she knew he’d be able to sense it, anyway. He burst out laughing. “Things are always more complicated on the light side.” He advanced, sailing through the air. Rey instinctively activated her saber to block. She quickly realised that she had to put her full attention on survival, leaving her goals to chance. -- Panting, Rey slowly backed away, only to find the cave wall behind her. Kylo was passively looking at her, unafraid. The difference in skill was obvious; while she had trained to give it her all and destroy the enemy, she hadn’t had practice in fighting where she wanted the other unharmed. Kylo’s attacks had been deadly; hers were delayed as she had to consider her range and force. Bit by bit she had sustained injuries, albeit flesh wounds. “Do you even have a plan?” he asked, taunting her, knowing that she wasn’t using her full fighting potential. She remained there, trembling, not willing to give up her goal. He cocked his head. “Do you want me to take pity on you and go home?” He deactivated his saber and drew close. “Do you… want me to realise some hidden feelings for you? Make you the reason I want to go to the light?” She knew that he was stating that her plan wasn’t working. But to be tormented in this way was too much. She stealthily grabbed a rock with her other hand and brought it to the back of his head. With a cry, he fell, unconscious. She didn’t care if his words were close to home or not. Now wasn't the time to distinguish her feelings from her fears. “Plan B,” she muttered. -- Kylo groaned, and opened his eyes. His hands were tied behind him. Due to the lack of a proper hold that worked, he was free to roam the ship. Glancing at the controls, he could see they were in hyperspace. He had no idea where they were. He had the option to test his restraints and try to break free, but he knew it wasn’t a good place for a battle. Wandering further, he found her in the mess room preparing their meal. Turning around, she tensed, trying to figure out if he’d intended harm. She relaxed when it was obvious they had a truce. She motioned for him to sit at the makeshift table and he complied. Setting down the two plates, she realised that she would have to feed him. She grabbed a spoonful of the mash and moved it closer to his mouth. “I don’t think so,” he said, looking less than enthused. Using the force, he levitated the spoon and fed himself. She scowled. “Ooh, big man, doesn’t want to be fed by someone else.” He would have facepalmed if he could. “You know, if Mother asked for me to be brought home, I believe she’d want me to do that willingly.” He eyed the spoon. “And to be honest, you’re reminding me of why I left in the first place.” She pursed her lips. “We’ll have to brainwash you,” she said flatly. Making sure to keep strong eye contact, she added “We’ve had quite a few technological advancements.” “We’ll see,” he replied sardonically. His eyes showed confidence in his own ability. Perturbed, she took a bite of her mash. He had a good point. What the hell was she doing? Chapter 3 : Closer Rey made sure to jump out of hyperspace close to her destination, using the force for fine tuning. She had put a bag over Kylo’s head so he wouldn’t recognise the location, just as a safe measure. Which meant she had to disguise her thoughts so he couldn’t pick up on them. Red leather, yellow leather, red leather, yellow leather… …black leather… Shit. Had he put that thought in her or did she think that herself? Hiding her flushing face, she raised the comm. “Rey and R2-D2 requesting permission to land. And we have a prisoner.” “I… see,” came the General’s response. Rey knew that she would have felt who the prisoner was, and the fact that he was unwilling would be enough information for the General to know how to act. -- The landing and the handover was rather informal considering the occasion. They had been led to a small room. Kylo’s bag was ripped from him once he had been put in the centre. Leia’s breathing quickened upon seeing him, but Kylo remained coolly gazing at her. She turned to Rey. “Thank you,” she said, with a small smile and dewy eyes. Then she raised her blaster at his head and fired. Rey gave a shout, out of shock. The laser blast halted in midair, hovering only centimetres from Kylo’s forehead – obviously through the use of the force. “You can’t stop the blast forever,” Leia said coldly. “You’ll weaken eventually.” “It’s not myself that’s doing it,” he replied, maintaining a steady gaze. Leia looked to Rey. Her mouth fell open as she saw Rey with an outstretched arm towards the blast, desperately holding it in place. Rey gave a cry and charged, shoving Kylo out of the way. The laser beam continued its path, igniting some explosive charges across the room, causing chaos. Rey grabbed Kylo and ran for the quickest exit to her ship. Glancing back, she saw Leia fall to her knees, sobbing. She managed to skilfully evade the Resistance fighters and make the jump to lightspeed. Taking off her helmet, she moved out of the chair and approached Kylo. He was on the floor, propped up against a wall, hands still tied behind his back. Rey broke down into tears. “I’m so sorry,” she said, crying into his chest and hugging him. “I didn’t know she would do that.” “You’re more upset about it than I am,” Kylo replied, amused. His indifference to his mother’s actions made her cry even harder. Mentally and physically exhausted, the warmth from Kylo’s body lulled her to sleep. Kylo let out a puff of air, frowning. -- When Rey awoke, she felt like her soul was lead. Shaking and reaching out on the steel grid floor, she regained her bearings and slowly pushed herself up. “What- what have you done to me?” she stammered, gritting her teeth and staring at him with rage, realising that he had freed himself. He gazed at her, not making any move to reply. With a shout, she collapsed again on the ground, writhing in agony. He knelt to her level. “I may not be your Master, but I can still teach you a thing or two. And tonight I shall claim you.” She looked confused by his statement. Was this was some kind of nightmare? He popped his helmet back on, and the outside hatch blew open. Instead of being sucked into space, Stormtroopers came through. She realised the ship had been captured. “Take her to my chambers and prepare her,” he ordered. The lackeys just stood there, neither of them wanting to make the first move considering how force-sensitive she was. “Or face my wrath,” he added through gritted teeth. They looked at each other, and stormed, relieved when she showed pain at just being touched. She was being carried by these troopers, each holding one of her limbs. And she knew she was in no position to fight. What had Kylo said before? Claiming her? Did that mean what she think that would mean? There was something about him that fascinated her, but then again, it might be the same fascination that one would have towards a poisonous snake. Having no clear options, she was curious as to what she would learn about him and was toying around with the idea of remaining captive. He seemed gentle, but then again, looks could be deceiving. Then again, she may not have any option at all, considering the way she was feeling. As curious as she was, she hoped that she wasn’t distantly descended from a cat. Chapter 4 : Over the Edge Rey had been lying in Kylo’s chambers for at least six hours. They’d given her some kind of flimsy garb that covered her chest and lower regions, but not much else. She felt exposed and weak, and some of her wounds were getting worse despite the basic medical treatment they’d given her. Kylo entered the room and removed his helmet. Why oh why did he have to do that? It was so much easier dealing with him as an object, a thing , rather than absorb whatever subtle emotion his eyes displayed. She couldn’t count on herself wearing a metaphorical mask in this weakened state – she was an open book. Despite this, she looked at him defiantly, trying to maintain that expression as she propped herself up with one arm on the bed while attempting to ignore the pain. “You’re looking better,” he said coolly, a small smile on his lips. He looked her up and down, and frowned. All she could do was remain leaning on one arm as he approached the bed and sat on the side. He took out some liniment from the bedside table and started to carefully dab it on her wounds. It had an immediate soothing effect. She was on edge from him being so close, in her personal space, but she had no option so just had to put up with it and pretend she wasn’t affected. He glanced up at her, taking in her emotion, then continued to tend her wounds without any change in his expression. It annoyed her the way he was so open and calm, while she was a nervous and tense wreck. The way he wasn’t treating her as the enemy was doing more to her resolve than perhaps anything else he could do. When trapped like a rat, she’d rise to the fight, but when given kindness, she’d dissolve like a sugar cube in water. He gently rolled her towards him, exposing her back. His eyes widened as he saw an especially bad wound there. Her breathing quickened as he raised his hand towards it, but then she realised that he was healing her using the force. She looked up at him with amazement and confusion; he certainly hadn’t learned that technique from Snoke. She knew she should regard him as the enemy, but she couldn’t help but be grateful for his help. He bent down and kissed her on the mouth. It took her a moment to register what had happened. “Wh- what are you doing?” she half-demanded, half-pleaded in desperation. “I know that you’re attracted to me.” He said it simply and knowingly. She knew he wasn’t trying to manipulate her, or using it as a bargaining chip against him. She actually felt relieved that it was out in the open. “Keep away from me,” she said, more out of distrust for him than anything. She knew he could go far beyond what she’d expect from a reasonable human. “It’s so weird when someone’s words and their body say completely different things,” he commented, amused. He trailed his finger over her collarbone to prove the point. For some reason, she didn’t tense, and just enjoyed the delicacy of his touch. “Why are you doing this?” she asked. He cocked his head and blinked. “Revenge on Luke, of course. How degrading for his only remaining pupil, and his daughter, to be my concubine.” She gazed back, tempted to echo his earlier words of someone’s words and body being disparate. She didn’t believe him at all – it was an excuse if she’d ever heard one. “This is new to me, too,” he said, smirking, knowing that she could see if he was withholding the truth, making it clear that he was offering something genuine. He slowly trailed a finger along her abdomen. “Why am I doing this? Because I want to. And you know I can take whatever I want,” he said, echoing his previous words when he’d first interrogated her. She looked at him and raised an eyebrow. “Yeah… except for my dignity, resolve, important information, and, of course, my lightsaber.” “We’ll see,” he replied playfully, again echoing his previous words. “How about your composure? Can you at least give me that ?” To prove the point, he pressed into her and rubbed her flank while kissing her neck strongly. She looked away, but there was no denying that it felt good – point to him on that one. At this point, anything he did made her react helplessly. As tempted as she was to kiss him, she just couldn’t take that step. Past memories, and subsequent distrust kept her frozen. Kylo let out a puff of air. “Fine. I’ll make it easy for you. If you don’t pleasure me, I’ll destroy planets until I get to one you do care about. I was thinking of starting in the zeta sector.” Her mouth fell open. That was indeed the place of the new Resistance base. Did it mean that he knew where it was, or he knew it was in the general area? “Come on,” he pressed. Having no choice, with great trepidation she reached up and pulled him into a kiss. As soon as their lips connected, it was electric. They were battling, albeit with their tongues and it felt nice to be fighting him in a pleasurable way, for once. She finally broke away, gasping for air. “Do I taste good?” he asked in a croaky voice. “I wouldn’t want to insult you by saying yes,” she hotly replied. The corner of his mouth curled up. He removed her top and nipped at one of her breasts, causing her to exclaim in pleasure. He then planted kisses down her chest, stopping at her stomach. He quickly pulled away her lower garments, completely exposing her. He moaned in approval, then moved off the bed to remove his clothes, dumping them in a corner. When he came back, she couldn’t help but notice that he was half-erect. “What makes you think I’m still in the mood?” she said dryly as he climbed on, commenting about his copious amount of clothes, especially compared to what she had worn. He chuckled, then kissed her. It was deep and sensuous – again, she lost awareness of anything else for a few moments. She blushed. She was surprised how easy it was to get along with him, considering he was taking her feisty remarks in his stride. Then she caught herself, and mentally reprimanded herself for complimenting the enemy. But, despite all protests, it was true – it was easy, as long as all else was forgotten. She lay there, stiff, as he massaged and suckled her breasts, gasping as his erection brushed against her sensitive nub. Something unusual was happening inside her, in her core, and her nipples were hardening. She yelped as he inserted a finger into her. When he removed it, he held the dripping finger in front of her face as proof of her desire, then rubbed it into her hair. She felt like she’d been anointed in some bizarre way. He positioned himself, then thrust, breaking her. She screamed and clutched him as a reflex. The pain was intense, and wasn’t the type she was used to. “Easy,” he breathed. “Just relax and you’ll adjust.” Taking a deep breath, she waited along with him. Finally, she noticed he was making slight movements within her. Her insides gave way and accepted him, allowing him to hit a spot inside her that made her coil up and see white. Bit by bit the pain melted. She could feel herself slip away from reality and reason, become more engrossed in the pleasure. A solitary tear fell down her face as she struggled to keep some semblance of herself together, looking at the far wall. A hand gently guided her chin so she was looking at him. “Now, you don’t want me to do all the work, do you?” he asked, catching her like a deer in the headlights. Her eyelids drooped slightly as she reached the exhaustion point inside her that wanted to stop fighting… stop fighting him . He leaned in close. “If you are to properly pleasure me, then you have to try to seduce me, as well,” he said intensely. She knew that he wasn’t just treating her as a sex slave as much as it seemed on the surface. He felt her desire for him, and was only asking her to give into it. By pressuring her, she just had no choice. She looked at him in a daze, breathing quickly, facing the inevitable. She didn’t need threats anymore. In one swift motion she pulled him in with her arms and wrapped her legs around him, forcing him close, submitting to her lust. He grunted in approval, thrusting hard, gripping her and kissing her so strongly she thought it might leave bruises. It felt so good. Not only was he her enemy, but it felt so erotic that there was a truce between them, and a fragile trust was building as they attended to each other’s needs. It was rough and raw, both of them releasing their pent-up frustration, neither of them being able to distinguish between their own pleasure and that of the other’s. She clung on for dear life as he pummelled her against the pillows on the bed head, losing control for a moment whenever he hit that spot. Breathing heavily, she extended her arm, pushing him away. Looking at her inquisitively, he could tell that she was close to the edge, and she’d reacted that way because it was unfamiliar to her. Giving her a knowing look, he gripped her and thrust hard. She shouted as whatever was coiled inside of her came flooding out in spasms of ecstasy, clutching him as so hard that she was almost biting his shoulder. Another thrust caused the feeling again, this time mixed with being filled with his warm seed. She closed her eyes as he rode out the orgasm, savouring the feeling. When they had subsided, he stared at her a moment, then rolled off. For an instant, she was disappointed that he didn’t kiss her, but what could she expect – she was just his slave and he was still the enemy, despite whatever attraction to her had been added into the mix. He smiled, then placed his hand on the back of her neck and drew her in for a passionate kiss. Breaking away, he maintained eye contact. They both lay there, gazing at each other. It felt comfortable. Whatever he was, he’d gone out of his way to treat her with care and sensitivity. “See, I knew you weren’t all bad,” she said softly. He chuckled, raising an eyebrow. “You’ve been trying to turn me to the light side – perhaps I’m trying to do the same and turn you?” “You know, when people say ‘seduced by the dark side of the force’, I’m sure they don’t actually mean-” she stopped short and her eyes widened. Did Snoke….? He laughed, a genuine laugh. “The answer is no to what you’re thinking,” he whispered in her ear, chuckling. “You’re so funny.” He stroked her cheek affectionately. Whatever they had, she felt it was real. And it confused the hell out of her. Her intellect couldn’t believe it, but all of her senses said that he actually cared for her. Not liking the chill of space considering the desert world on which she had lived for so many years, she inched closer, wanting to snuggle into him. And to her surprise, he let her – even going so far as to wrap her in his warm arms as she drifted off to sleep. Chapter 5 : The Hedgehog's Dilemma She woke before him. She instinctively stretched, but stopped when she realised how sore she was. Despite her physical state, she still found herself wondering if it had happened. Had she really done that, and enjoyed it? In some way, she was glad it was him – there would be no repercussions for sex if she’d been captured. Her dignity would remain intact – at least, in the eyes of others. If she’d ever get out of here, that is. She remained still, gazing at his calm, sleeping form. He drew air in quickly, then turned over. His eyes widened as he saw her, and he kept his face expressionless. She wasn’t sure how to take that. He raised his hand to reach for the back of her head, but she instinctively scurried back. “Easy, I just want to kiss you,” he said. “Then I need to dress and get to work.” “You mean you don’t get paid to do this?” she replied teasingly. “Quiet, you,” he said, smirking. He gripped the back of his head and then drew her in for a kiss. It was a simple one, but she was still on edge. He dressed, and was about to leave when he turned to her. “I suggest you get lots of rest. You’ll need it for what I’ve got in store for you when I come back.” She grimaced at his commanding tone and the innuendo. He didn’t seem affected by her reaction, and walked out the room. She decided to take a shower and put on a clean version of the rags they called an outfit. Well, it was in her favour to get more energy so she could have more options, however illusiory they may be. -- Throughout the day, kept thinking about her, which was new to him. He resolved to deal with the implications of that later, but for now, he just had to make sure the others didn’t pick up on it. A lieutenant gulped and approached him. “Sir, we’ve lost the Dalek droid we were tracking.” “Well, send the Doctor after it.” After a moment, he realised the lieutenant was just standing there, shocked. Was this so out of character for him? “Problem?” Kylo asked. The lieutenant spluttered, then saluted, dashing off just in case Kylo lost his temper and started violently slashing things. Damn. -- “How are you?” Ren asked nonchalantly, but Rey could tell that he genuinely wanted to know. “I’m feeling… stronger,” she said, almost cryptically. Then she sat up and looked him dead in the eye. “You will lick my pussy until I climax,” she said her strong force-commanding voice. Kylo looked surprised for a second, then froze, emotionless. A moment later, he mechanically knelt in front of her. Rey drew air in quickly as Kylo pressed his tongue strongly against her clitoris. It felt good, yet surreal that it was happening. Maybe it was because she was hypersensitive, but everything Kylo did made her core swell and nipples harden. She whimpered as he pushed his tongue inside of her, massaging her from within. He kept varying his technique in ways unexpected to her. He withdrew his tongue and moved back to her sensitive nub, causing her to gasp uncontrollably and squeeze his head with her thighs. Bucking her hips, he flicked his tongue quickly, and she coiled tight and orgasmed, juices spurting from her. She fell back on the bed, shuddering. It was only when Kylo started climbing on her that she realised she’d completely forgotten to maintain her hold on him. And she couldn’t remember when she’d stopped doing that. Recuperating, she looked at him strongly and said “You will suck my breasts. But gently.” Again, Kylo froze as his sensibilities got battered once again. “What, not even a ‘please’?” he muttered as he positioned himself and started to play with her nipples with his hands and tongue. She tensed as she realised she’d never had a hold on him. She trembled, panicking. “Um, never mind!” she said desperately, not sure what to do now as her commands before indicated her own desire and curiosity. He stopped, raising an eyebrow. A small smile appeared on his lips at her predicament. He climbed higher, his face hovering inches from her own. “My turn. You will suck my cock until I come.” He wasn’t even trying to use the force on her. Rey’s face fell – always one for one with him, wanting to prove his dominance. With a shout, she used the force to propel him away from her, and flipped him onto his back, pinning his wrists and ankles to the bed with the force. Initially getting ready to push back to fight back, he then relaxed despite his dislike for being helpless. Prowling forwards, she realised that he was allowing her to do this, to have control. She gripped his dick with one hand and flicked her tongue over the tip, then enveloped it in her mouth, earning a moan from him as he developed a strong erection. She hadn’t done this before, but she could tell what to do, what would give pleasure. She bobbed her head up and down vigorously, simultaneously increasing his pleasure while taking out her frustration of being a slave, and for what happened before. Even though she couldn’t be entirely sure that he’d intended to dupe her into thinking she had force-control over him earlier. “Mmm,” she murmured as she was sucking, feeling Kylo’s dick twitch in response. She let him go, and breathing heavily, she trailed her tongue along the vein at the back of his cock and finishing by teasing the tip in circles. He looked like he was simultaneously placated and tortured, wanting more. It wasn’t the type of control she wanted, but at least it was something . He was completely defenseless from his desire, and the way she was increasing and fulfilling it. The way he willingly gave up control for her. But he looked agitated, like he wanted to break out of his bonds and satiate himself. She instinctively deep-throated him, causing him to sigh in relief and go limp. She smiled as she bobbed her head up and down, going faster and faster, increasing his pleasure, knowing how easy he was to manipulate. Finally, he gave a strangled cry and emptied himself into her. She made sure to gulp all of it, and to stop moving because his cock would be uncomfortably sensitive. Panting, he looked at her, not liking the way he’d been overcome and relinquished control so completely. She sat back on her knees, passively looking back at him, almost challenging him to accept what he’d done. He tensed, and she knew he was planning to display his strength and break his bonds, so at the last second she released him, denying him that pleasure. Perturbed, he pushed her down on the bed. She was now on her back, being pinned from his body weight. “Don’t fight me,” he whispered intensely, frowning. “You won’t win. I’ll make sure of it.” There was something in his manner which told her that he meant it. Her mouth became a bitter grimace. “Do you really think that I could enjoy being your slave, considering how much I value my freedom?” “Freedom, you call it?” he replied incredulously. “Yes, freedom,” she spat, wanting to defend what little she had earned. “I had my own life before, and no one owned me.” “You were always a slave to your flesh,” he said harshly. “As a scavenger, you were spending every second of every day trying to get food and water. And you kept yourself in that life because you were a slave to your heart, wanting the ghosts you call family to come and collect you.” She was crying. “How dare you,” she sputtered, wanting to convince herself that she was stronger, and that he was wrong, even though she knew deep down that he’d picked apart her deepest emotional wounds. He almost looked remorseful as she basically had a panic attack. “Look, you’re my slave and you must do as I say,” he said in a neutral commanding tone. “But I’ll give you one thing,” he added, glancing to the side. “I don’t like to see you unhappy.” Her mouth fell open at the thought that he was emotionally attached to her, giving her some power, however limited that may be. “Then let me go ,” she pressed, knowing it wasn’t really an option but wanting him to take responsibility for how she felt, for any pain he was causing her. “But then I won’t see you at all,” he said wryly. Despair washed over her face as she thought how shallow his emotions were. How could he actively keep her trapped if he really cared about her? “You miserable bastard!” she shouted, lashing out at him with her fists even though she was too weak to do damage. “Hey, hey!” He grabbed her wrists. “Don’t do that.” Feeling helpless, she clung onto the one thing she had left. Her emotions. “You’ll never own me, despite what you can do to my body,” she snarled. He looked at her, displeased. Then he lowered his head and started to kiss her neck. “I don’t want to fuck you any more tonight,” she said, trying appear strong despite her quavering voice. He stopped what he was doing and looked at her, enraged that he was in a position where his slave would make demands and that he was supposed to go along with them. His mouth contorted, and he shoved her wrists away, letting go of her in the process. Then he grabbed the sheets and roughly pulled them over both of them, rolling to his side of the bed. It was a sleepless night for her. She couldn’t think straight, but she kept her rage going at how he’d treated her, callously tormenting her about her fears. Eventually, her rage morphed into grief, and she began to cry. She made sure to do it silently. Despite this, he moved towards her. She knew he could sense what she was feeling. He didn’t try to soothe her by touching her, which was a small blessing. There was no way he could seduce her through pleasure tonight. Slowly, she turned over and looked at him. He looked tired and weary, and that he was being torn apart from wanting her, yet being unable to act because he was the cause of her misery. “You took advantage of me when I was weak and seduced me,” she said angrily. “I can’t pluck these things out of nowhere,” he replied, eyes misting for a second, almost begging her to connect with whatever she’d felt before, when she’d wanted him. “All I need to do is remember what you are,” she snarled. “You’ve killed many innocents. You’ve killed your own father . How could anyone possibly love you ?” He tensed, reeling from her vicious attack, and his eyes looked distant. She had indeed guessed his hopes, perhaps foolishly using whatever bit of humanity he had against him. Seeing that there was no room for negotiation and not allowing himself to retaliate, he slowly rolled away from her. Just before his face moved out of sight, she could have sworn she saw his heart break. There was no way either of them would be getting any sleep tonight. Chapter 6 : Intimacy Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo hadn’t said anything or done anything to her for three days. He wasn’t ignoring her; everytime she caught a glance from him, there was no anger, just a mix of subdued sadness. Over time, she started to feel guilty. Surely everyone had the right to be loved, and therefore him also. Unsure of whether she was doing the smart thing, she decided to approach him just in case she had hurt him before. “Kylo… I… when I said before about how could anyone possibly love you, what I meant was-” the flood of tears started to come as the pain welled inside her “-what I meant was how could anyone love me?” she said sobbing. He looked like he couldn’t believe what he was seeing – that she would try to make amends or even care for him after everything he’d done, and also that she was showing her vulnerability. He gently embraced her and held her, letting her cry it out. “You’re not worthless,” he whispered. “But you’ve always treated me as worthless,” she said, wiping her eyes. “Preying on someone’s weakness and speaking the truth are two very different things,” he said with a sad smile. She felt energized in his arms, like there was a glow coming from him and healing her. “Why is it that the person most attuned to me is also my enemy?” she asked, laughing despite her tears. He looked softly at her and gave her a quick but tender kiss on the lips. A second later, his eyes widened and he looked at her, concerned that he’d done something she wouldn’t want. She smiled, lovingly brushing a thumb over his cheek. It was surprising to her how grateful he looked that they was on good terms again. He was maintaining a respectful distance, deliberately not making moves on her, possibly out of fear that her anger would be inadvertently triggered again. She was very flattered, but the only thing she wanted right now was to make love to him, be close to him. She stepped forward, desire in her eyes, then stopped – perhaps he didn’t want that? He smiled, aware of her conflict, and pulled her close, wanting her, craving her touch. With a murmur, he kissed her, gripping her, then eased off, looking worried that he’d lose control. She smirked. “I’ll give you a ‘get out of jail free card’, just for today.” He grinned, grateful that he didn’t have to worry about repercussions. He gently pushed her onto the bed. She was surprised that he still took great care with her, even though she’d given him permission to be as rough as he wanted. Every one of his kisses on her body said ‘I’ve missed you’, ‘I’ll make it up to you’, and once she even felt he was saying ‘I love you’. She started to cry, overcome from the myriad of emotions she was feeling. He looked up, alarmed. “I’m so ashamed,” she said, tears rolling down her face. “Don’t be,” he said, a small smile appearing on his face as he stroked her cheek. She could tell he was genuinely happy that she cared for him, and wasn’t even thinking about how much he’d been hurt. Which made her feel even worse. He leaned forward and planted a series of soft kisses on her mouth, soothing her. He then pulled back to view her, tenderly running a thumb through her hair. “I just want you,” she said, gazing intensely at him. “I need you right now, and nothing else.” Not needing anything else, he pressed into her, grinding on her and grabbing her, but still with some self-control. She responded by gripping every part of him that she could with all her free limbs. It was a long kiss, neither of them willing to break it. About half a minute later, they pulled away, panting, with Kylo continuing to place small kisses on various parts of her face. He then moved down to her body, trailing lower. She gently ran her fingers through his hair, wanting any kind of contact with him. He reached her privates and was just about to dive in when she said breathlessly “I’m already so wet.” Surprised, he looked up, then examined her, smirking when he saw that her statement was very accurate. He climbed back up her and his eyes opened wide as he realised she was tortured in her desire for him. Wasting no time, he positioned and thrust. She murmured in relief as he entered her, needing the pain, needing him . It was different to the grappling session they’d had before, where they’d abandoned control and gone wild – this time, they were both very careful to be aware of the other. “Oh God, Kylo,” she managed to say as he relentlessly thrust into her. He gripped her head and nipped her neck, addicted to her desire for him, which earned him another moan of ecstasy. He was almost desperately stroking her, satiating his craving as well as hers. She threw herself back on the pillows, gasping as she was beginning to be overcome by the sensation. He came forward, carefully lifting her arms around him, silently begging her to want to share this intimate moment with him instead of moving away. She understood and grabbed him, kissing him strongly. A second later, she broke away, shouting as her walls clamped, gripping him frantically. He joined her, grunting in relief as he emptied himself inside of her. Settling down, they fell back onto the bed. He continued to kiss her passionately for a few more minutes, then rolled away, tenderly stroking the side of her head, not wanting to break contact even though hit was time. “I don’t have any defense against you,” he said, smiling despite himself. She glowed, appreciating the sentiment. He kissed her softly on the forehead, then went to sleep. -- Over the ensuing days, she’d found herself becoming more relaxed in his company, and even naturally eager to see him. They had developed a new-found respectful way of interacting. It was too good to be true. Bit by bit, an unease began to surface within her. While he did look like he cared deeply about her, there just seemed something very faint lurking within him that she couldn’t quite put her finger on. She was so confused. Why would he seek out a relationship at all? Wasn’t that against his training? What was he planning to do to her, and anyone else connected to her? But maybe it was better to leave these fears to rest, and just go by what she felt, for once. Enjoy what she had, and not risk to change it or lose it all. On the other hand, she couldn’t really fake anything – she always had to be herself. Still unsure of what to do, Kylo entered the room. She got up and wandered over, as she usually did. “What’s wrong?” he asked gently. That settled that issue. She hugged him close, sniffling into his chest. Somehow, these tears had relief as well as sadness mixed into them. They remained a few minutes, him enveloping her in his arms, her enjoying his body warmth as if it were the last chance she’d get. Finally, she broke away. “I… just want to ask a few questions,” she said, smiling timidly. “Sure,” he replied gesturing for them to both sit down on the bed. “I just can’t figure out why someone on the dark side would want this ,” she said, “You’re my chosen companion,” he replied stiffly, uncomfortable at any implications that he was slipping from his path. She remained silent for a moment. “And you all have one?” “Will you stop asking about Snoke?” he replied, smiling. “I don’t know – all I can say, it’s not General Hux.” She smirked. “Probably,” he added as an afterthought. She couldn’t help but laugh. “Actually, I wasn’t sure if you and Hux were a couple when I first saw you.” He looked at her as if she was crazy. “Well, perhaps next time you’d better use the force to determine the truth,” he said, not particularly liking the thought of being thought of as in a relationship with a man he found irritating and uncomfortably competitive. She smiled. Something about her was more relaxed about their situation. He opened his mouth to speak gentle words. “You’re closer to the dark side than you think,” a wistful longing evident in his voice, wanting more reasons to think of their relationship as strong. “What do you know?” she replied abruptly as if she was a snake who’d been trodden on. “What do I know about the dark side,” he repeated in a monotone. She let out a puff of air, acknowledging the amusing aspect. “Self-hatred. Selfishness. Fear. Loneliness,” he said, his tone getting more thoughtful and subdued with each word. “What we have will never be part of the dark side,” she said hotly. His eyes widened slightly. Was it a tinge of fear she could see? Or something else? “Or not,” she added, remorseful about her fierce manner. “Forget I said anything if it’s not what you want to hear.” He lightly stroked the side of her head, glad she’d tried to make amends. “You’re looking tired. We should go to sleep.” She gratefully nodded, and they lay down. He entwined his fingers in hers, inviting her closer. She accepted, snuggling into his body warmth which she enjoyed so much, and drifting to sleep. Notes: Thanks to everyone who's been reading - really means a lot! Again, I've got the story mapped out, but when it comes to writing the chapters, they get longer. I've also just posted a oneshot fanfic for Star Wars: TFA which I'd appreciate if you checked out, since it might get lost in the flow. ^^ Chapter 7 : Revelation Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When she woke, Kylo was already looking at her. He leaned forward to plant a soft kiss on her forehead. She smiled peacefully. He rose to change into his clothes. As he was finishing, there was a knock on the door. “Sir, Supreme Leader Snoke wishes an audience with you,” the trooper said. Kylo’s face fell into an unrecognisable expression, and he nodded and left. -- When he returned, Rey could tell that he was troubled, even though he was trying to hide it. At once, her optimism vanished – of course, he wasn’t able to do whatever he wanted. And she was afraid of the dark side, making its followers do things she would consider unthinkable. The stability she sought was sorely lacking. She rose to greet him. “If you control me, you control my power,” she said, desperately wanting him to like her, to give into her own weakness and be wanted by him. “That’s deep,” he replied, amused by her apparent non-sequitur, even though to him her feelings were apparent. She couldn’t help but giggle at his playfulness. “There’s more in the world than just power,” he said, kissing her on the cheek, trying to soothe her. She would have been happy to hear it, but he seemed very distant, lost in thought. He sat on the bed and dragged her down. “We’re in the vicinity of an ancient Jedi temple which I need to visit… did you want to go sightseeing?” Initially taken aback by the unusual question, she agreed, not having a reason to refuse. -- Seeing the lush forests always invigorated her. To her it was her own fairy tale world, and would always be. Neither of them had said a word on the trip over. She wanted to know what was happening internally for him, but she also felt that he wasn’t going to open up. So she waited patiently. Finally, they came to an old circular stone formation, probably used as an amphitheatre. Turning around, she reflexively caught what he tossed to her. She was surprised to see it was her lightsaber. “Wh- what are you doing?” she stammered. “Killing a Jedi,” came the cold reply, as the luminous red shaft slid in three directions. Heartbreak threatened to overwhelm her, but she managed to steady herself by the thought that he had felt genuine affection but had been brainwashed into trying to destroy it. All those heartfelt kisses and loving actions - that kind of thing couldn’t be faked. Could it? She didn’t have time to muse as piercing red and ebony black came dashing towards her. Steeling herself, she activated and swung, deflecting his attack. For now, it seemed that both of them were venting their anguish and frustration in the battle. She wholeheartedly embraced it, hoping for an opportunity later where they could talk. She knew his skill; she attacked more vigorously compared to their first battle. There was still a part of her that wanted to save him, to save them … but she wasn’t sure if her reticence couldn’t be detected. After many minutes, they broke apart, panting. “You like what we have. You’d want me to win if it didn’t mean killing you,” he said derisively. “Yeah,” she said softly, distressed at the conflict within her – as a warrior of the Light she should eradicate those serving the Dark. Again they clashed, then broke away. “So all this time, you were just pretending,” she said, not quite believing her accusation but wanting to gauge his reaction. “I know that you’re very easy to manipulate as long as you believe you’re in control,” he replied, slashing again. Both of them looked like they were at the end of their reserves. “By the way,” he said, “my last battle before seeing you was with Luke Skywalker. If you ever wanted to see him again, don’t get your hopes up.” She gaped, fury spreading over her face as she tried to see the truth in his statement. How dare he try to seduce her when he’d done something as horrific as killing her own father? Initially enraged, she hesitated, then burst into tears. “All I see is more pain,” she said, sobbing, not willing to add to the destruction. Disgusted, Kylo strode towards her and struck hard. It took all her energy to try and deflect, and even then, she wasn’t entirely successful and sustained a wound. Again he attacked, and this time, she managed to hold him back, pushing back against his saber even though her arms were shaking. “You allowed me to have the lightsaber because you unconsciously wanted to give me a chance – you wanted me to survive!” she screamed. “Or it could be that I want to kill a Jedi knight, and their emblem is a lightsaber,” he replied, not liking her implications. She shook away his sword and the red tip hit the ground with a hiss. For a moment, she saw a vital spot that was clear, but then was flooded with memories of the time they had shared, and also her resolution in the cave, in her final training with Luke. The moment passed. Kylo may have been able to deflect an attack, but he was outraged that he’d even given the impression that he was vulnerable. Wanting to leave no doubt as to who was the stronger swordsman, he attacked with an angry warcry, again leaving her to push against his sword. “Do you deny that you have feelings for me?” she managed to get out through gritted teeth, as the lightsabers inched closer and closer to her neck. It was her only defense left, to appeal to the feelings that she knew were inside him. Her reserves were spent; her location not conducive to strategy. “I do have feelings for you. Very strong ones,” he hissed. “But that’s the point . I have to kill the one I love in order to complete my training towards the dark side.” “No!” she cried, face crushed as her drawcard evaporated. He’d been aware of his feelings and she’d been playing into his plan all along? With a shout of anger, he pushed so hard that she lost her balance and fell backwards. He managed to slash her leg as she was falling. Landing awkwardly on a pile of rocks, she knew she was at the end of her strength. Raising her head, she watched her executor approach. “Any last words?” he asked, a triumphant leer on his face. “Whatever makes you happy,” she said bitterly, knowing that he wasn’t going to derive happiness by going to the dark side and thus her sacrifice would be for nothing. And then she fell into unconsciousness, which, to her, would also mean the eternal sleep. -- She awoke to the peaceful sounds of Kylo’s expletives and a crackle as nearby objects were destroyed with a lightsaber. She pushed herself up and looked at him, confused. He realised she was awake. “I just can’t do it. Every fibre of my being says that the universe is a better place with you in it.” She could see that he was crying. “I love you so much,” she said, trying to stand up but freezing when shooting pain went through her body. He came over to help her. She looked touched, resisting his upwards pull and dragging him to the earth, wrapping her arms around him and kissing him. When she broke apart, he was staring at her, transfixed and overwhelmed. “And me?” she prompted. “Do you love me?” “Well, duh,” he said, sheepishly. She smirked. “I’ve heard your family lacks in the romantic department.” He rolled his eyes. “I know.” He tenderly gathered her in his arms and carried her to his shuttle, subdued at the knowledge that he’d caused her so much pain. When they were in lightspeed, he came to sit next to her, nursing her. “Where are we going?” she asked weakly. “Planet Horum in the zeta sector,” he replied. “I need to get you back home.” Her eyes widened as she realised he’d known about the Resistance base. “Come with me,” she said softly. He chuckled. “Er, OK,” he said, eyes moving side to side playfully. “You know what I mean,” she said, smiling. “When we get there.” His face became serious. “I’ve just thrown away everything. Again. I don’t know where to go or what to do.” “You’ve thrown away nothing . That’s the most the dark side could ever give,” she said passionately, then started coughing. He helped her get comfortable on the makeshift pillow. “Shh, shh… just rest.” Controlling herself, she said “Wait – I need to know some things. You’d been planning this all along?” “My task was to fall in love with you and then kill you. The Supreme Leader thought it likely you would seek me out.” “So you knew General Leia would try to kill you?” “I thought it likely.” “And that I’d protect you?” she asked incredulously. Even though she could be relied on for certain things, it was still precarious in her mind. He smirked. “I knew you were tenacious. I knew you wanted the best outcome and would cling to it like a banther attacking a tremolin.” She looked at him, still a lurking fear that he was unreliable because he’d learned to dismiss his feelings. “Don’t worry. I’ve never felt this way. You feel like home.” He paused. “I mean, home in a good way.” The corner of her mouth curled up. She didn’t need force-sensitivity to realise that his upbringing had been tumultuous. And it gladdened her heart to know that he was clear about it. Having a lack of doubt must have been a rare experience for him indeed. He kissed her. “I’ll see you soon. Rest.” “Kylo…” “I guess it’s Ben, now.” “Oh, just Ben, not Obi-Wan?” He raised an eyebrow at the weak joke. Obviously he’d been named after the legendary Jedi. She breathed in. “Ben… thank you.” The amount of gratitude emanating from her was extraordinary. Initially taken aback by her feelings, a faint smile eventually appeared and he bent down to kiss her on the forehead. He didn’t say anything, but there was a twinkle of happiness in his eyes, which said more than words ever could. Notes: I'd be very curious to know whether you could see the plot twist coming, or whether it was a surprise! ^^ I think there'd be one more chapter after this - thank you to everyone following the story.