“For fuck sake!” you swore ducking into a small gap in the wall as troopers marched past. Taking a second to regain your breath, you risked a look around. Despite the dull groan of machines and the distant echoing clank of troopers walking away, the corridor was silent. Brushing a hand through your musty hair you stepped out before rushing through the next corridor making sure that you didn’t make too much noise. There was a light static and a small voice came from one of your pockets. “Hello? Anyone on this channel? Respond.” A grin snuck onto your face as you recognised the voice. Poe! You brought out a small communication slip and pressed the button. “Poe! Thank God!” There was silence for a second and then broken static and slowly the voice came through. “Y/N? Are you okay, you’ve been out of contact for days.” You let out a small laugh as you clambered into a small room making sure that no one had seen you slip in. You then shut the door locking it with a click on the panel and grinned at the silent room. You hadn’t really had a chance to relax after infiltrating the underground base that the first order had created after the resistance had successfully destroyed their Starkiller Base. “Well yeah Poe, that what’s happens when one you’re undercover and two your underground on a moon which is constantly orbiting a planet which is always interfering.” You listed as you sat on a chair, and you could almost hear Poe roll his eyes. “You should at least try to report in sometimes! Some of us worry.” “Aww you flatter me.” You smirked however the look soon fell from your face as you hear talking getting closer and slow footsteps heading for your location. “Getting slightly off track here Y/N, how is th…..” “SSH!” You cut him off and looked around spotting the bed and squeezing yourself under it. Luckily for you, the communicator didn’t let out any bursts of static and Poe remained silent on the other end. Just as you had been taught you slowed your breathing so it was silent. Just as you had the door swung open and in walked two troopers and someone else wearing black trousers. “Did we get any information?” a distorted low voice asked and your heart rate increased slightly. Kylo Ren was standing just feet in front of you. “yes sir, we got sent a report that the resistance have sent spies to infiltrate the base.” you inwardly cursed, how did they always know. Eyes lighting up as an idea started to form, you gently pressed down the button biting your tongue hoping that there wasn't going to be any feedback, but there wasn't, but your tongue remained firmly clamped between your teeth. ““That is extremely promising.”Kylo Ren spoke slowly. “so the information is correct.” “sir?” the trooper asked obviously confused. ““The information is correct considering we have one hiding under the bed.” Shit. In a split second you pushed the device away but before you could reach for your blaster two rough hands gripped your shoulders and pulled you out of the head. Instantly you grabbed their shoulders and flipped out of their grip pushing off of their helmet. With a burst of adrenaline you rushed back towards the door however before you could turn the corner a sudden force stopped you in your tracks and applied pressure to your body which you desperately tried to fight off, but to no avail. With a slight flick you were sent flying into the room clanging mercilessly against the wall. Panting, you looked up and stared defiantly against your captors. “Hello there little spy.” One of the troopers sniggered but was quickly forced to silence as Kylo Ren shot him a look. You gritted your teeth remaining silent and for a moment there was no noise other than Kylo Ren’s and your breathing. No matter what they did to you, you wouldn't tell them anything, you promised yourself. You owed Poe and the resistance that much at least. Kylo Ren looked at you from under his mask and you stared right back at him. “Take them to the chair.” Once again the troopers grabbed your shoulders but this time you were too tired and weak to fight back, all adrenaline wiped from your system. However your capture wasn't completely in vain, as when you were being dragged along this ship you had free reign to look around and remember the route and as many various pieces of information as you could. At some point in the journey, Kylo Ren took a stride off to the left while you continued onwards to a small room. The room was bare apart from a metal chair that was centered in the middle, which you were quickly strapped to. As the troopers left you shook your arms and legs hoping for an weakness, but you couldn't find one so you sat back waiting for your interrogator to join you. *********************************** Kylo stormed to his quarters his thoughts streaming through his mind. As he entered the room he instantly pulled out his lightsaber and slashed in anger at the already burnt and scarred wall. Why were you here?! He had taken care of this problem years ago! Panting heavily he sat in the chair removing his mask to allow himself to take fresh breaths of air. “Is this you punishing me Solo.” he spoke looking up to the sky. “or is it you grandfather as a punishment for not riding myself completely of the light?” as usual there was no answer and Kylo sat in silence for a moment letting his anger calm. He then stood slipping his mask back on. Time to get to the bottom of this. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two- Interrogation Summary: In a desperate attempt to get you talking Kylo Ren delves into your mind but discovers something that should be left untouched. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You don’t know how long you were in the room by yourself as the door slid open and small clinking boots walked in, and the sound vaguely reminded you of your mother's high heeled shoes causing you to let out a small chuckle before you could stop yourself. “Something funny?” Kylo Ren asked stepping in front of you and you stared at him, shaking your head. Despite getting yourself ready for this the anger that seemed to radiate off Kylo Ren shocked all your thoughts out of your mind, and you felt yourself sink back as far as you could into the steel chair. You eyed the lightsaber that was hanging by his side and he followed your gaze and unclipped it causing you to flinch, but to your surprise he put it down to the side. “Don’t panic, I’m not going to hurt you...Well not physically at least.” Despite the fact that the sentence was supposed to calm your nerves it just increased them as your brain registered the underlying threat that laid in the distorted words. Kylo walked around your chair once before sitting on a stool in front of you. You two remained like that for a few minutes, almost as if he was testing to whether you would break eye contact but you didn’t. “So then, are you going to tell me about the resistance?” He asked and you found your mind wandering. That voice was extremely hard to focus on, the various layers kept peaking your attention and even though the words entered you were too busy listening to the different layers that you didn’t get to register the words. Unfortunately he took your silence for stubbornness and he stood and you were brought haltingly out of your own little world. “Pity. I was hoping not to do this, but no matter.” His hand rose and for a second nothing happened and you stared at the seemingly scary guy who looked like he was about to break into a dance. However you then felt the discomfort at the back of your head as if you were getting a headache. You turned your head away as the pain increased to a stabbing causing you to wince, memories suddenly rushed in front of your head. It was then you realised what he was doing, he was bringing up painful memories in an attempt to get you to talk. You remembered Rey telling you and the others about this before she left on her mission. You tried to wipe your mind of all thoughts like you had been told, but somehow here, in the moment it was a lot easier said than done. “You can try but you won’t succeed.” This time the voice appeared both outside and inside your head causing you to strain in your restraints wanting nothing more than to crawl into a ball and cover your ears. Then something strange happened, there was a momentary gap from the pain and there was nothing going through your head, just black. Suddenly someone screamed as if in excruciating pain, and you realised with a jolt of shock that it was you. You bit your tongue quickly to silence yourself and you felt blood in your mouth but you didn’t care you wanted the pain out of your head. “Get...Get out of my mind!” You yelled and all of a sudden the pain stopped and your head dropped panting heavily. Kylo Ren stood back watching you, and it took all your effort to raise your head and glare defiantly at him. Without another word he walked out of the room and as soon as the door closed behind him you relaxing your body aching. Kylo Ren was in thought as he walked back to the main control room, he hadn’t come up to resistance like that before. Even with Rey, when she had resisted it was because of her own accord using the force, but this had been something different. He knew for a fact that you had not stopped the interrogation yourself, as you were far too weak to do that, but someone strong put this place. General Hux instantly noticed his mood when he walked into the room and Kylo noticed a small smirk appear on his face. “Find anything from the spy?” He asked. “Yes. That they is useful to us and has a lot more infomation in her mind that I need to extract.” Kylo sulked over to a control station taking no notice of the trooper who quickly vacated the area. Hux didn’t need to know exactly information you were hiding, that was private. Thought Kylo with the sudden demeanor of a teenager who didn’t get his way. Hux seemed to sense his mood and for once decided to stay silent liking his ship to be in one piece. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- It was like this for a few more days, Kylo Ren walked in and sorted through your mind. Some days you were strong enough to push him out or clear your mind of useful information however others you were too mentally drained to do anything and allowed him to float through your memories. It was a day like that today, your eyes were closing and if it wasn’t for the searing pain in the back of your head you were sure that you would have fallen asleep by now. For some reason the memories weren't as bad as they always were. More like they were mildly irritating, it was if Kylo was getting bored. Whether that was a good thing for you was something still up for debate. As you laid there you couldn’t shake the familiar feeling, that someone had done this before. Not the violent stabbing through thoughts but the lazy turning as if looking through a book. Suddenly there was another black out but this time there was no pain, and you could feel Kylo press against the wall, and you rolled your eyes. And there was a sudden flash and you were standing in a small wooded area. “no way! You can't do that!” An excited voice cried and you recognised the voice to be your own. You were sitting in front of another boy who was wearing a smug look which sat under a mop of dark brown hair. “obviously I can idiot!” he said the term in joking manner. “I wouldn't tell you if I couldn't.” the smaller you laughed and scrambled up slightly. “do it to me then!” as you watched you suddenly realised that you didn't remember this ever happening. There was no doubt that you were watching a younger version of yourself but try as you might you couldn't remember this place or this boy. The boy smiled and gently placed his hands on your head and smaller you faces got a strange expression before smiling in joy. There was an echo of the sensation of the flipping of pages. The boy was smiling sweetly at your reaction and pulled back his hands. As soon as he had, the scene dissolved and you were back in the cold empty room. Kylo Ren stood over you and you could hear slight hitches in his normally calm breaths. Before you could react, he grabbed his lightsaber and you screamed as he swung it down but it missed you by millimeters stopping at your face. “You will forget that.” even when ordering people around you had not heard such anger in someone's voice so you nodded quickly and the lightsaber retracted allowing you to breath. “good.” and he walked out leaving you alone to dwell on what just happened. You tried to think back to the memory but this time you could only get whisps of the images and if you tried any further there was a shot of pain causing you to cry out and your concentration was pulled away. The only thing that remained was the warm safe feeling that the memory brought. Notes: GOD I WANT TO GET TO THE FLUFF ALREADY! But I do like to write realistic/ish relationships so here we go. I have an actual plot in mind and this introduced it so I hope you all like it. I'm enjoying this so much you get two chapters in one day. :-) I also have a tumblr so please if you want updates one shots or just wanna say hi, just pop over. CX http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com/ Chapter 3 : Chapter Three- Memories Summary: Kylo Ren instantly regrets delving to deep into your memories as they bring up some of his own. (Kinda gets deep, but hey thats wha you get for writing at one a clock in the morning! :-) love you guys!!!!) FLUFFF AND ANGST! Notes: Quick warning if the subject of bullying gets you upset, you might want to read this carefully. It's not in too much detail but I just wanted to let you know. Oh btw if you guys want updates or have anything you want to say to me (or fanart if you wish! I would honestly love you forever) come check out ma tumblr!!! http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com Sitting alone in the room allowed you to think back what happened with you and Kylo Ren. What he had seen had obviously upset him and appeared to have left in quite a mood, which confused you because from what you saw of the memory it didn't seem like a bad one. You laid back against the cold metal of the chair and let your mind wander. You found yourself unable to remember the majority of the memory but as your mind started to drift off another memory seemed to hang above you just out of grasp. Determined to find out what was going on you reached out for the memory, Almost instantly you were back in the wooded area but this time you noticed that you were alone. And crying. You walked over and went to place a hand on your younger self's shoulder but it passed through as if it was just a hologram. However before you could fully get a look and understand what was going on there was a crashing from the trees and the same boy from the earlier memory stormed out. “Y/N!” He yelled rushing over and younger you turned away but that didn’t matter as he ran to where you were facing and looked at you with concern filling his eyes. “Are you okay? They didn’t hurt you did they?” He asked anger creeping into his voice. Younger you shook your head and tried to blink away tears, the boys face softened and his hands came up and gently wiped away the tears that were falling from your cheeks. “Don’t listen to what they say.” The boy smiled as his hair fall into his eyes causing him to flick it away with a dramatic flair causing you to laugh which then, in turn caused him to also smle. “There we go. There’s the laugh I love to hear.” He smiled. The image of the boy smiling lingered in your mind for a moment as you were brought back into the room. You felt something fall down your face and you realised you were crying but there was nothing you could do about it. The hopelessness of your situation sunk in and you started to tear up again. You were never going to get out of here, not alive anyway. You were never going to see your friends like Poe and Finn and Rey, and you would just be another name that add to the many that had been lost for this cause already. You finally gave into your fears and started to cry. At first it started as silent sobs but they soon grew and within seconds you were sobbing, completely unable to stop yourself. You cried until you had no energy left, and your eyes started to drop, and you let the darkness take over. A small noise made you open your red and puffy eyes, and you found someone standing in front of you. In any other occasion you would have been creeped out at this stranger but something about him comforted you. His long dark brown hair was slightly curled and sat around his face perfectly. You noticed that a scar ran across his face but somehow that didn’t take away the fact that he was handsome. His eyes held a dam of emotions, worry graced those beautiful eyes as he watched you and his hand came to your cheek and he wiped away your remaining tears from .your face softly with his thumb. “Y/N...Don’t cry. I’m sorry.” When he spoke the voice hit you like a blaster when you realised. It was the boy from your memories. This had to be dream. His hand lingered and he gently leant in and kissed your forehead. Utterly exhausted, your eyelid fluttered down until you were in the dark realm of sleep once again. Kylo Ren remained there for a while just watching you. He had walked in a while earlier, fully intending to continue his research, but as soon as he had reached the door soft sobbing had reached his ears. For a second the sound didn’t faze him, but he was then taken back with a time before he turned dark. You had been being bullied for a while, he knew that, but whenever he was around you had always kept a smile on your face and pretended like nothing was the matter, so he had never intervened. Not until it turned physical. That was the day when he fully lost his temper and in a rage had beaten up a group of the boys before then rushing off to find you. You never cried, so to see you in tears was a shock to Kylo and that day he decided that he would never want to hear that sound again. But here he was, hearing you cry once again and this time he was sure that he was the cause of it. He softly walked into the room to find your sobs subsiding as you drifted off to sleep. Gently, as if not to wake you he pressed into your mind, and was shocked to see the memory fresh in your mind, and he found himself looking at a smiling younger version of himself. Something he hadn’t seen for a long time. Kylo Ren had remembered after that first memory, that it was the fault of his younger self that the blocks were in place. Despite his pledge to the dark, he couldn’t bring himself to kill you. So in a desperate attempt to protect you, he blocked off any memory of before that time, including the memories of all the good times you had had with each other, and sent you flying on a ship to another family. When he first first found you under the bed he refused to believe it was you, But a quick search through your memories confirmed it. That caused more anger than he expected, he didn’t want you here. You were his reminder that he would never truly belong to the dark no matter how hard he tried. But after more sessions he found himself noticing things. The way your E/C eyes lit up when you were determined or your snide sassy remarks. Everything that made him fall in love with you the first time. While he was sitting there thinking through everything you had woken, making small hiccups from your tears. Instantly he was up and by your side before he could stop himself. He always had hated to see your cry. His thumbs gently wiped away your tears. “Y/N...Don’t cry. I’m sorry.” Chapter 4 : Chapter Four- The great escape Summary: You release some pent up anger and start to make your escape. (P.S I'm writing this on a bluetooth keyboard on my phone so if there is any spelling mistakes I'm very sorry.) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Stuck in the room you had no concept of time meaning that you had no idea how long you had been in here. When Kylo Ren walked in one day you surprised him by speaking out first. “Would you make a notch in the wall?” Your question genuine, the black cast sith watched you for a second before then letting out a sigh. “Why?” He was trying to sound bored but you could tell that he was interested at the strange request. “Well. I am just dying to know how long I’ve been spending in this high class establishment, so I thought that a tally would be a great way to keep track. You know, so I can brag about it later.” Sarcasm was practically dripping from your words but you kept your steely eyes focused on Kylo Ren as he paced in front of you. As per usual, there was silence before Kylo Ren gave a small chuckle. The noise itself surprised you, it was a low and musical despite the different layers. “Okay then little spy, I’ll humor you for this time.” He brought out his lightsaber and made a small notch on the wall. You were staring in shock, not actually believing that he would do that. “Whoa, humor huh? Didn’t think that word had a place in your mind.” You knew that you had pushed it but the words had slipped out before you could stop yourself. Kylo’s head spun around and you looked down in an attempt to apologise for your words. Of course any time he had annoyed you these little phrases or insults always passed through your mind, as it was some way to keep yourself entertained, but you never had the intention of saying them out loud. You were just lucky that you had caught Kylo Ren on a good day. Later that day you were trying to get some rest when a voice reached your ears. “You have been spending too long with...with that spy! You haven’t even given us anymore information, just the location of the base! Which has since been abandoned!” You flinched as the voice voiced your one time of slipping up, as you were particularly tired you had ended up giving away the base location causing guilt to sit on your shoulders ever since. “That is because she is not giving anything away.” Kylo Ren explained his voice strained and on the brink of anger. After the amount of time together, or that's what you assumed, you could tell just before Kylo Ren was about to throw one of his legendary temper tantrums, and sometimes he just stormed into the room and attacked the wall while you watched. Shocked and scared for your safety. “Well you are obviously not trying hard enough!” The voice cried and then the door slid open and a man that you knew as General Hux walked into the room and stood over you trying to be intimidating. For a second it almost worked, but then Kylo Ren walked in behind him almost making Hux jump which kinda ruined the mood. “Hux. Do not intervene. This is my interrogation.” His words were slow and as if spoken through clenched teeth, but this didn’t faze Hux. Or if he did he didn’t let it show. “She is on my ship, therefore I have every right to interrogate her too.” He turned looking at Kylo Ren directly into his mask. “You know I am here and can hear you.” You spoke slightly fed up at the fact that they were talking about you as if you weren’t there. “Shut up!” Two voices spoke as once causing an echoing off the metal walls and both faces snapped to your direction causing you to flinch back. You really needed to keep your tongue in check. “You will not bother me now Ren, or I will tell of your diservices.” Kylo Ren looked like he was about to come back with something else but seemed to think better of it and instead made a small hiss of contempt. Hux then turned and focused his attention back on you. He stormed over and released you from the chair, which caused you to fall to the floor after being denied use of your legs for so long. However, before you could get up Hux sent a swift kick to your side and you rolled to your side with a short cry of pain. “well then spy? Are you going to tell us about the resistance.” You looked up at him, and his smirking face and anger shot up within you and grabbed hold of the chair pulling yourself up. “Go to hell.” You hissed spitting in his face. Hux’s face was enough to make you crack a smile but that was quickly gone as a cold hand was brought up and there was a crack of skin on skin as he slapped you. “Do not even think of speaking like that to me. I could kill you.” As if to prove that point within a second there was a blaster to your head, but you kept staring at him. “Go ahead,” You spoke your voice surprisingly level. “I’m not telling you anything so it’ll be better for us all if you shoot me.” There was silence and slowly Hux lowered his blaster. Before he could have a chance to relax you brought up your leg kicking him right in the death star and he fell to the floor growling in pain. Now you saw your chance. As Kylo Ren was still standing in shock at what had just happened you leapt into action running towards the open door adrenaline canceling out any pain you should be feeling right now. “GET HER!” Hux yelled from the room as you ducked around the corner and the thought hit you that you should have probably locked them in. “Hindsight is such a wonderful thing.” You muttered as you ran through the maze of the corridors trying to picture the map that you had spent so long creating in your mind. It wasn’t long until the troopers got word of your escape which then meant that every path you went you were met with a face full of blaster. However you kept running managing to dodge most of the blasts until one lucky shot clipped your shoulder leaving your arm feeling numb. You ignored this and kept running, you skidded to a halt in front of the hanger doors and your hand lingered on the handle for a moment before you pulled away. As much as you needed a ride out of here quick, that would be the easiest place for them to catch you so you kept running until you reached the hidden entrance you had used to first enter the base. Removing the cover you closed your eyes as the humid atmosphere hit you and you took a breath of fresh air. The stale air of the metal room didn’t really taste like normal air, so this was heaven. Clanging of footsteps and a purr of a lightsaber was slowly getting louder so you leapt through the entrance and crawled through covering your tracks. As soon as you were out of the base you made a break for the trees glad for your escape. You knew that you had to get far away before you stopped. It was a good call, because as soon as you had stopped to take a breather, in a small cave you had found, all the pain surged into your body at once and you fell to the floor passing out at the pain overload. Notes: Massive thanks to all you commenters and the lovely messages! (Whoopsimadeamess and Kylosskywalker I'm looking at you! :) ) I sometimes a little insecure about my writing so I'm glad you all like it! But if you have any ideas or helpful critism please let me know! Message me on here!! http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com/ (Shamless advertising is shamless, XD) Chapter 5 Summary: As you desperately try and escape from the base you stumble across an old secret. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When you next came too the light had vanished and you could barely see in front of your own hands. Shivering you pulled yourself into a ball your hands wrapping around your knees. To be honest you hadn’t thought through running out, but seeing as you had thought that was the only chance you were going on you sure as hell wasn’t going to miss it. In the distance cries of creatures in the forest sounded out and relaxed you. For the first time in a while, your mind was clear and didn’t have a stream of questions rushing through it. Now you had time to yourself however without the looming threat of Kylo Ren you could pick out certain questions to study. What were those memories? That was the first one, you certainly recognised yourself in them however the boy seemed like a stranger to you. But what was weirder still is the fact that his presence comforted you. However thinking about the boy for too long made your brain start to hurt so you dropped the subject. You risked a glance out of your cave and you noticed that the two moons where in the sky shining brightly and you could just about see your way. You pulled yourself up and slowly snuck out before making a break to the trees not wanting a chance to be spotted by others. Once you got to the cover of the trees you could finally relax fully, and you slowed your pace as you walked through the tall trees. Mist had already setteled on the ground and you shivered slightly pulling your weak jacket closer around your shoudlers. You wandered aimlessly until you reached a clearning, where small rocks where sitting in the middle and they looked a little worn. Walking over you felt a slight feeling of dajavou as you walked closer towards the rocks and you run your hand across them slightly. Then you found slight indentations in the rock and you moved your head to get a better look. Y/N and Ben waz here. You started at the words that had been carved deeply into the rock and your head spun with oun and you leant on your rock. Beofre you couls stop it another memory pushed into our mind. You giggled after carving your name into the rock before placing your lightsaber into your pocket. “Was the bad grammer really necessary?” The boy asked but his complaint was invalid seeing as he had a small smirk on his face. You shot him a playful glare but that just seem to increase his smile. “Of course it was ben! That’s the entire point!” You laughed again and Ben stood up before gently ruffiling your hair. “Come on then, we should probably get going.” He held out his hand which you took and he pulled you up, which may too mcuh force causing you to go flying forward and you stumbled onto the floor before you jumped back up before spinning around. “Oh you shouldn’t have done that.” A smirk grew on your face and an evil glint appeared in your eye. Before Ben could react you rushed at him leaping into the air at the last minute and flpping in the air pushing on his back so he flew into a patch of mud. You gasped and was ready to apologise to him when he stood up mud dripping from his hair but you couldn’t stop the giggles from slipping out. The giggles then turned into laughter and you doubled over laughing. Ben was standing his hands on hips mud covering his front, he stared at you trying to seem mad however he then started to chuckle which in turn caused to laugh even more. “I hate you.” He said between the chickles and you smirked at him mirroring his pose. “Of course you do.” The memory faded to leave you panting against the rocks. Now you had a name to the face. Ben. The thought of the name itself brought a smile to your face. But then you realised you used a lightsaber to carve that message into the rocks and had obviously used to the force to do that flip because there was no way that you were fit enough to use that move. “Am I a Jedi?” You wondered aloud and as you said it a familiar feeling washed over you. Pushing yourself out of the rocks you walked around the clearing at the other memories slowly fit into place and you remebered the place. If you where to walk you would be taken to a cliff with a waterfall on the other side, or that was what you remebered at least. You followed your thoughts and soon enough you were at the cliff which was slightly overgrown with a waterfall on the other side. You stood there for a moment just enjoying the sound of the waterfall and the creatures that sat in the dark. Somehow the ghostly moonlight made it an even nicer moment. If it wasn’t for your latest discovery you were sure th/at you would have fallen asleep. Another memory quickly rushed past through your head of hiding things in a small box under the roots of a nearby tree. Smiling you then started your hunt for the tree, using your hands mostly considering that you couldn’t really see but it didn’t take you too long. But you were sure that you had a few splinters now. You crouched down and dug around the large snake like roots of the tree and soon your hands brushed against a much smoother wooden surface. Grabbing it you pulled back and stuggeled with nature for a secnd before you were sent flying backwards a box in hand. You notied that your hands were shaling as you reached for the lock, which was opened pretty quickly and you slowly opened the lid. Inside was an assortment of personal items. Some were crudly drawn pictures while others where printed picture with people you didn’t recognise but you all seemed happy. Then there was a picture of you and Ben both posing stupidly at the camera. Gently putting it in your pocket you looked at the final item in the box. Cushioned by some paper sat a shiny lightsaber, you picked it up and you were shocked at how well it fit in your hand. You finger floated over a small button for a second before you pressed it down. There was a slight buzz in the air… Before a stream of (Your Favourite Colour) light illuminated the trees around you. And everything came flooding back. Notes: HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! Unless you're in australia then hello time travelers. I'm so gald you all really like this and this should be going strong for the rest of the year. Love you all!!! X3 Remeber to come and say hi and don't be shy!!! http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com/ Chapter 6 : Chapter Six- Gone Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) To say that Kylo Ren was furious would be an understatement. As soon as you had kicked Hux he stood there slightly amused at your actions, and Hux deserved it, however what he didn’t expect was you to then run out of the room. He took a few seconds to recover before he then stormed out of the room with troopers following behind. He could hear your footsteps as they rushed off into the distance and he found himself speeding up slightly. He was not allowing you to leave the base at any cost, there was too much at risk. It was bad enough that he kept you here, he should have killed you when he had the chance. But that was easier said than done, he had had many different chances to kill you but he could never bring himself to do it. At first he would have been glad to, he had almost forgotten about you and to him you were just resistance scum and if you hadn't been holding important information you would have been dead where you stood. However fate seemed to have other plans, as once he found the mind block he was determined to find out what it was. As soon as it had broken, you had invaded his thoughts as if his mind was absorbing the lost memories. That was when it had become an impossibility to kill you. Causing you mental pain had been bad enough, but he was still thinking of a way that he would be able to get out of it but.nothing came to mind. However the longer it took the worse it became. He would start to remember all the old times that you had. How you first meet, and how shy you were to meet everyone but didn't waste a minute to stand up for others and yourself.That was what drew him to you in the first place, boys sneered to see a girl training to become a jedi. You had quickly put them in their place with a snide remark and an expert throw of your lightsaber. However how hard he thought Kylo Ren could never think exactly when he fell in love with you, all he knew is now he hated it. He hated the fact that he was in love with you and he couldn't do anything about it. His thoughts were interrupted by a cough and he spun around. “What?!” he demanded, and the trooper took a step back. “uh…” he seemed nervous to answer and he looked down at the floor. “Spit it out!” Kylo Ren yelled his fist twitching getting impatient. “drones have found her sir.”that caught Kylo’s attention. He stormed out of the room, and after he jumped out of the way the trooper followed. Despite the silence,the trooper knew the information that was wanted. “they picked up a large life form exiting a cave to the west side before making it to the waterfall by the gorge.” This information caused Kylo Ren to sharply turn the corner and rush out of the base. He knew where you were heading and this didn’t mean anything good, he could only hope that he reached you before anything happened. He had made a vow never to step onto this side of the base as it brought both bad and good memories all of them he could use without. Deep down though he knew that he couldn’t deny that he needed you. Not just for infomation know, he needed you there, just in the base, not out here. Not out with the resistance. With him. By his side. He wandered into a clearing and looked around before a light sound reached his ears. Out of reflex he jumped out of the way and a you landed with your lightsaber after doing a jump from a nearby tree. Taking a step back he eyed you carefully, you stood determination in your eyes and the lightsaber illuminating your face. “I am not in the mood for the your game Kylo Ren.” You spoke with such distaste that Kylo was sure that you know remembered. He remained silent and the two of you circled for a moment not taking your eye of each other. “I have something to do.” “And what would that be?” Kylo Ren’s speech shocked you and your eyes widened slightly but you kept your form holding the lightsaber tightly. “I have an old friend to find. Someone, until recently I had no memories off.” Kylo Ren’s heart sank as you confirmed his fears. You remembered. “I must find him.” “I am afraid that is impossible.” Kylo Ren teased but his voice showed that he was telling the truth. You faltered slightly. “Y...You don’t know.” You watched him carefully, flinching slightly as he let out a laugh. “Oh I know, you are looking for Ben.” Your blood ran cold as he mentioned the name. You needed to find Ben, he left you sure but you sure as hell wasn’t going to leave him. “But again, that’s impossible. Ben’s dead.” Silence descended over the two jedi, and you let out a strangled sob. After regaining your memories your emotions were running at high speeds. When Kylo Ren looked at you you were shaking your head and had tears in your eyes. “No. No. He can’t be!” You cried out. “You’re lying!” This is time it was almost a scream, enough to stop Kylo Ren. Tears were now streaming down your face and as much as you hated it, you couldn’t think of a way to stop them. “He can’t be…” Kylo suddenly had the urge to take off his mask and pull you into an embrace, but he stopped himself. ‘Idiot.’ He cursed inwardly. ‘You are giving into the pull of the light and look where it’s leading you.’ “He is! Ben solo is dead!” Kylo yelled his voice a mix of anger and sadness, and you looked up sharply. “He is gone forever and you can’t reach him!” “But…” Before you could say anything, Kylo Ren raised his hand and you were sent flying forwards into his outstretched hand choking slightly. You started into the dark mask your sudden fear returning. All you saw was a slight wave of his hand and then your vision went black. Notes: Hey everyone! Hope you enjoyed this chapter! This is just a quick note to let you know thst my updates might not be as regular anymore due to the fact that I'm starting school again, but I will promise to continue writing this as I'm enjoying it to. As always thank you for all your amazing comments they always make my day. And if you have a question or have anything to contribute (ideas or fanart) come say hello on ma tumblr! http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com/ Chapter 7 : Chapter Seven- Caught Again Summary: After finding yourself returned to the bass you flick through your memories desperately trying to make sense out of them. Notes: Hey everyone! Number one, thank you all for the kind comments they always make me smile ans it helps cheer me up. Two, this chapter is more of a backstory chapter but it was fun to write so I hope you enjoyed it. Remember if you have anything to suggest you can comment it bellow or message (or ask) me on my tumblr. http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com When you next awoke you were surprised to find, that instead of you lying cold and uncomfortable on the chair you were lying on a bed. It wasn’t the most comfortable bed out there, you noted dryly in your head but anything at this point was better than a cave and a metal chair. You sat up slightly in the makeshift bed that been created on the floor of a room which looked familiar to the interrogation room, but this one had draws in the corner. Other than that it appeared to be bare. “Ah, you’re awake.” The distorted female voice made you jump and you turned to see a shiny silver stormtrooper. You seemed to recognise her but at the influx of memories you couldn’t seem to sift through your thoughts to find the correct one. As you sat there you just started up at the woman and she just stared back, you assumed, as you couldn’t see under the mask. You lightly felt around for a small metal object with no such luck. In fact you would have felt very disappointed in the first order if they had forgotten to take away your only weapon. “Do not try to look for your Lightsaber Jedi. It is under the careful eye of Kylo Ren.” The name brought a mixture of feelings to mind, the main three being anger, sadness and confusion. Despite your sudden recollection you had never felt so confused in your life. How could the general never mention how you knew her son, surely you would've met her. “I am Captain Phasma and I’ve been tasked to making sure that you do not get into trouble.” Somehow you could tell that she wasn’t pleased by the idea. You nodded to acknowledge her message but didn’t say anything else as you stared at a very interesting water mark on the wall. There was silence before the door slid open and then shut again and you were left alone. As soon as you realised this, you felt the silence close in and start to suffocate you. To keep yourself from going crazy at the ringing silence you laid back down under the woolen covers and thought. For the first time since it happened you had time to sort your thoughts and memories so you didn’t have a banging headache the entire time. The first memory that overlapped with your real ones was when you first arrived at the clearing your real parents had dropped you off before escaping to god knows where. You then waited while other children arrived they were a variety of races and different ages. You spotted boy who was waving off his mother who was fussing about leaving. “Are you sure you'll be okay with uncle Luke?” she cried buzzing around him. “I mean you can always stay with us, you don't have to come.” The boy ran a hand through his black hair and tried to walk away but was pulled into a hug. “I love you darling!” she cried and you smiled at her. The man you assumed was the father pulled the woman away much to the sons relief. “see ya later son.” the man smiled before climbing back into the ship they arrived in. The boy gave a halfhearted wave before turning around and walking over. “hey.” you gave a smile, he looked at you for a second before smiling. “hey! Name's Ben.”you shook his hand with a slight nervousness. “Y/N.” The memory froze for a second before it merged it into a different scene. You were running through the forest your trusty lightsaber in your hand your eyes covered by a blindfold and you tried to steady your breathing. As you tried to check around using the force all that was appearing in front of you was black. You stopped and took a deep breath and slowed your thoughts to a stop. Then small shapes appeared in the shadows marking out the trees, then small animals appeared and you let out a smile. Suddenly there was a flash of light and instinctively you leapt out of the way hearing a tell tale purr of a lightsaber. In response to the attack you pulled out your own a small buzz appearing in your hands. “well dodged.” a familiar voice commented and you could hear the smile in his voice. They had put you against Ben? Great. You thought sarcastically, before having to spin out of the way and bringing your weapon to meet his. There was a clash and sparks fell onto your face. This continued for a few minutes, the two of you dodging and attacking, until you felt a searing heat drag across your arm and force sent you flying backwards. “time!” You heard your master yell from the trees. “Y/N. You are focusing too much on sound and heat you need to relax your brain completely.” you nodded as you slipped off the blindfold blinking at the light. You noticed Ben was blindfolded too causing you to frown slightly, he always was better at duels than you. There was a stinging on your arm and you saw a shallow cut in the skin most of the force being deflected by the armour. Without that and you might of lost use of your arm. Ben slipped his blindfold off and rushed over a sheepish smile on his face. “sorry about that” he smiled, you nodded as he helped you up gently. “I didn't mean to hit you.” he explained as he slipped your arm over his shoulder as you both walked back. “obviously you just wanted to show off.” you joked a slight smirk on your face. The memory faded to black and you were brought back into the cold room. You looked around but there was no indication of how long had past. You sighed pulling the covers closer as you shivered. Before you slept you delved into your memories once again. Chapter 8 : Chapter Eight- Old friends Summary: Stubborn as always you are refusing to take care of yourself now on board, but that hasn't killed your rebellious spirit. Notes: OMREN GUYS I AM SO SORRY FOR SUCH A LATE UPDATE!!!! The finished chapter has been sitting around for days but I haven't had a chance to update it. Don't worry though I haven't forgotten it. Hehe I'm really sorry that this is short just I liked where it finished. Thank you all for sticking with me I love you guys so much! :-) Kylo Ren paced the length of the room as General Hux and Captain Phasma stood unfazed at his apparent rage. “What do you mean?” his voice was lower that it usually was, but despite the voice distorter built into the mask his anger was apparent to all. “Exactly as I said.” Phasma replies without any traces of emotion in her voice. “the jedi has been in their bed and refuses to eat.” Hux sneered at this information thinking it better that you died a nice slow painful death, but he wouldn't dare suggest it. Well not to Kylo’s face anyway. Kylo turned back and faced Phasma his hands crossed across his chest. “Give me their food.” While holding a plate of steaming food Kylo stormed towards your room a frown hidden by his mask. He would not allow you to die from starvation not yet anyway, for now you were not in the right state of mind and he knew for a fact that you would escape and hunt down Ben without a second thought. The name twinged in the back of his mind causing him to sigh quietly, unfortunately for you, you now knew everything and therefore it was only a matter of time before you discovered his secret. Obviously he would delay that by ever mean necessary but or know you had information and he needed to think of a plan. Phasma lead him to the room that you slept in. Without even knocking he stormed into the room and was surprised with what he saw. You were curled up in the makeshift bed in the corner of the room your back facing the door. “I'm not eating.” your voice was weak but there was some sort of steely determination in your voice. “I've told you this.” Kylo felt anger brustle and he took a step forward. “Well I say otherwise!” he watched as you flinched and turned around slowly fear in your eyes. “eat.” he ordered and he saw your wide eyes flick towards the plate of food in his hands. So you were hungry. You slowly sat up shuffling forwards and you reached out for the food. However before you grabbed it you stuck up your middle finger and looked up defiance on your face. “Do one.” you hissed. Almost instantly you felt a stinging sensation across your face as Kylo Ren fumed. How dare you speak back to him, he felt one of his rages build up inside and he wasn't calming down. “how dare you speak to me like that!” his voice was low but anger was defiantly there. Phasma knew what was coming but didn't make any move to stop it knowing that this anger had been building up for days and despite there being better ways of achieving the goal Kylo Ren needed to be rid of the anger. Kylo Ren reached to his side and his lightsaber purred to life the light reflecting into your terror filled eyes. For a moment there was silence in the room apart from the crackling sparks from Kylo Ren’s lightsaber. He turned sharply causing you to flinch and your food clattered to the floor forgotten, as he hacked and slashed at the wall. This was the first time you had seen the full extend of his anger and you shuffled back as you started to shake. After a good few minutes he had stopped and was breathing heavily, his anger still controlling him he whipped off his helmet and hair fell around his shoulders as he let out a light sigh. Deep down a small amount of mixed excitement and terror sat in your stomach as you realised you were about to see the face of the mysterious Kylo Ren. It was your turn to let out a gasp as he turned. There was a large still healing scar that ran down his face but the familiarity of the attractive face scared you the most. “B...Ben?!” Chapter 9 : Solution Notes: I am so sorry for not updating recently!! I've been really busy but I should be updating more regularly now!! Also sorry this is a really short chapter the next one should be a lot longer but I liked how this one flowed. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Ben?!” You cried with a gasp. Despite the scar that ran across his face the eyes were undeniably the eyes of your old friend that you had grown up with. Unfortunately as you searched for some sort of warmth you had been so used to seeing you noticed that there was nothing but ice in his dark brown eyes, which just fueled the fear that was setting into your system. He was breathing heavily his shoulders moving up and down and his lightsaber was still at his side. Unwillingly tears sprung into the corner of your eyes. “You said you were dead…” Your voice trailed off as he looked at you anger filling the room. Captain Phasma looked between the two of you silent, but her confusion was definitely there. “I did, and it was true.” Unlike his yelling in his rage a few moments his voice was slow and controlled. “Ben Solo is dead. I killed him.” You desperately traced for some sort of a smirk waiting for him to announce that this was a joke or that he was working against the first order by posing on their side and working up the ranks but nothing came just silence. You shook your head desperately not believing the information, that you're old friend would turn to the dark side...and from what you heard kill the other Jedi before Rey. You stopped for a moment. Why were you alive, surely he could of killed you easily but here you were. As you sat in silence Be...Kylo gave a small huff and turned sweeping out of the room. “come Phasma.” he ordered and she followed looking at you quickly before following. As they left your situation hit you and you rushed in an attempt for answers. “KYLO!” you yelled but your screams were cut short from the doors shutting and locking. Phasma followed Kylo until he turned around. “you will mention nothing of what you've seen or heard.” he threatened dangerously he then waited for Phasma to nod before then slipping back on his mask, as he walked back to the hub. as he walked back to the command room. Phasma stood watching as he stormed away and glanced at the door where you were screaming out muffled words and pounding on the door. Kylo walked in his room scowling. Why did he take off his mask? That has only made the situation worse and now you were never going to shut up and whine. He stormed around the room slashing at the wall with his lightsabers fuming. There was only one way he was going to solve this. You need to forget. Everything. Notes: Yet Again really sorry for not updating I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Remember hit me up on tumblr if you wish to say hi! I will reply! :) http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com/ Chapter 10 : This seems familiar. Summary: In a desperate attempt to stop you from ruining his resolve Kylo decides to help you forget. It all. Notes: Heyo guys hope you like this chapter!! I can say that from now feelings will being to blossom but don't worry it's not going to be straight in with the feelings I feel like it's better as a slow burn but don't worry there will still be small fluffy moments. as well as angst. XD on the corner of your eyes. The force of the conversation hadn’t hit you yet so you just sat staring into the wall with a blank stare. Not only had you just recently regained memories that for one reason or another you had forgotten you now learnt that your former best friend was actually the masked madman that killed everyone. Refusing to believe this you stood up with a jolt and gave a cry hitting the door with your hands. “KYLO REN GET YOUR ASS BACK DOWN HERE!!” You screamed at the top of your voice knowing that he would have to come back down if you were still screaming. You don’t know how long you were yelling but your voice was beginning to break along with your resolve. As you fell silent you jumped back with a shock as the door hissed open. But the masked man wasn’t there instead it was Captain Phasma and three storm troopers stood behind her. “You’re coming with us.” She said with an air of finality but you shook your head backing away and you heard a small sigh from underneath the mask. “I’m afraid you don’t have a choice.” With her words the troopers walked forwards and grabbed your shoulders not deterred by your struggling. For a while they ignored your cries and refusal to walk just dragging you along the floor before you realised that they weren’t going to get out of this you pulled yourself up and began to walk through the various corridors and kept looking around trying to figure out where you were going. You were lead to a large pair of steel doors that opened into a large steel cold room. Contrasting the bright interior stood Kylo Ren standing in the middle of the room facing you with his hands on a large contraption that filled your heart with fear. Kylo watched you as you entered the room your face turning white as you eyed the machine that he was standing in front of. “W...What’s that?” You questioned trying to step back but the troopers held you in place. Kylo thought it was best that he didn’t answer and just nodded as the troopers pulled the struggling you forward. Kylo frowned behind the mask as you approached the machine worry plastered on your face. There was a small part of him that shouted that he should stop this and for one second that voice almost took control and you looked in his direction your eyes almost pleading for help and he found himself taking a step forwards before he realised what he was doing and stopped standing up straight. Your struggling increased as you were loaded into the pod but you were soon placed inside and the lid of the pod was shut and you pressed against the restraints screams dulled by the sound proofing. “Leave the room.” He ordered spinning around as the troopers quickly rushed out of the room but Phasma remained. “Watch yourself.” Phasma warned as she too left. Kylo watched as you struggled and his finger reached out for the button that would start this progress which would make everything a lot easier, but something made him stop. He wasn’t sure if it was the voice in his head or the look that you were sending him from underneath the glass lid but for a second he paused. This was for the better. He reminded himself as he took a deep breath before pressing the button and you gave a silent scream as the pod filled with smoke. He took off his mask taking a breath of air watching you carefully. You quickly fell silent and he watched as the smoke slowly seeped out and you looked at him fear in your eyes. Crap. Had it not worked? Making sure you were still restrained he opened the lid but you didn’t move. “Where am I?” You questioned fear causing your voice to break as you looked around. “Who am I?” Kylo grinned. It had worked. Chapter 11 : New friends Notes: I AM SO SORRY YOU GUYS!! It's been so long since I updated, I have been so busy with exams recently and I have hardly had a chance to write anything but they're finishing soon (thank god) so expect more updates from this. If you're still reading this then I have missed everyones comments and thank you so much for sticking with me!) Remember if you want notifications for updates or just want to rant to me check me out on my tumblr! http://xsuperwholockruinedme.tumblr.com/ You looked around in panic at the machine you were trapped in the walls seeming to close in, a man with a scar across his face and dark hair leant in undoing the restraints that held you in place, he then offered you a hand which you took and you finally felt yourself touch the floor. Silence filled the room as you tried to think back but your mind came out blank, there was nothing other than opening your eyes to see the man with the brown eyes, speaking of which you turned and he was watching you carefully as if you were a dangerous animal, you looked down at your hands confused. There was a light sigh. “How are you feeling?” The man asked his voice low and steady causing you to become on edge, the lack of emotion in his voice panicked you, you didn’t reply instantly just watching him. “Where am I?” You asked your voice hoarse completely ignoring the mans question having far too many of your own, for a second you thought you saw a flash of anger in his eyes but it was gone just as quickly. “You’re in an infirmary of sorts.” You stood staring at him waiting for more explanation of the situation but he just looked back as you looked around, the room was full of equipment that was flashing and beeping so what he said was understandable but you couldn’t help the gut feeling that he was lying somehow. You sighed turning back playing with the hem of your shirt. “Why?” you pressed after a while of silence realising that this man wasn’t to tell you any information unless you asked for it. “You were in an accident while you were training.” The man explained simply walking over to the machine you had just come out of switching it off and an annoying buzzing you hadn’t noticed before suddenly stopped plunging the room into an even deeper silence and your hand reached up tapping the metal which gave out small noises that seemed to match the uneven tempo of your heartbeat. “If you can’t remember anything don’t worry, the doctor said that it was normal and you would regain them soon.” Suddenly you noticed a sort of kindness in his voice and sadness creeped into the corner of his eyes and you frowned slightly ignoring the gut feeling and deciding to trust him. “You said training.” Venturing in your voice had regained its strong edge. “What kind?” The corner of the man’s lips tugged upwards slightly indicating his amusement at the question. His hand delved towards the belt and he held a small silver tube and you looked at it curiously, as did the man, you noticed with keen eyes. Staring at it for a moment he chucked it over and you caught it quickly your hand moving of its own accord. You thumb rested over a small button which you pressed and a familiar sound opened and you were staring at a beam of light. One word floated to the surface. “I’m a jedi?” There was a huff and you looked over at the man who was glaring ever so slightly. “No. You are a sith, the jedi have long been gone.” There was a tinge in his voice and you looked at him trying to work out what it was but nothing was coming back to you and there was no reason to lie at this time. “Ah of course…..uh…who am I?” You asked with a sheepish smile appearing and the small smile non smile appeared again but the anger and sadness remained in his eyes. “You’re Y/N.” Your name rolled of his tongue and you felt yourself falling silent for a moment before you titled your head again placing a hand on your hip. “And you are?” You questioned and were suddenly hit with a full on grin, and you had a feeling that this was a rare occurrence for this man so you quickly remembered the face to your fresh memory. “Kylo Ren your teacher.”