It took Finn three months to fully recover. Lightsaber wounds were no joke, and learning to walk again had been an ordeal. But soon he was on his feet and smiling that brilliant smile at everyone who passed, while Poe followed around like a worried nursemaid. He was there the day General Organa called Finn into her office, and Finn had practically begged him to come along. He hadn't needed to; no one could say no to those big, dark eyes. Finn sat across from the General, fidgeting and nervous, while Poe wandered around the office, looking at the pieces of her life that she'd scattered around. He didn't understand any of them, but they all clearly meant something to her. “Finn,” the General said warmly, smiling at him from across her desk. “It's so good to see you up and about again.” Finn gave a smile that was crooked and a little shy, and Poe avoided looking at it. “Thank you,” he said, head ducked a little. The General folded her hands on her desk. “Now that you've been cleared for active duty, it's time to discuss your future with us.” General Organa paused, to give Finn time to speak. He didn't. Poe turned around and saw that Finn wasn't looking at the General anymore, he was staring fixedly at a point in the air in front of him. Organa's smile took on a confused tilt, but she continued, “Obviously we would be honored to have you remain as a member of the Resistance, however we do not want you to feel obligated. This kind of commitment is not to be taken lightly.” Poe frowned. Finn's hands were gripping the arms of his chair, squeezing so hard the leather creaked. There was a faint tremor to his body, and a fine sheen of sweat covered his skin. “Finn?” Poe prompted. No answer. Organa paused, and glanced at Poe. He gave a helpless shrug. She looked back at Finn and continued, a little more subdued, “Of course, if you decide to join the Resistance, you'll need a placement. We take our peoples' preferences into account when placing them, so you'll need to put forth some choices -” Her voice cut off as Finn stood so quickly that he knocked his chair over. “I can't, I -” Finn was shaking his head so hard that Poe worried for his newly healed spine. “I ca-” Finn was hyperventilating. He took a step back and started to trip backwards over the fallen chair. Poe lunged forward and caught him by the arms. He slowly lowered Finn to the ground as the General got up from her seat and came around to join them, face pinched with worry. Finn was shaking and choking out breaths, eyes unfocused. “Shhhhh,” Organa said, lowering herself down onto her knees in front of Finn. “It's alright.” Her voice was soft, slow, and soothing. Like she was speaking to a child. “Take a deep breath now. You can do it, son.” She took Finn's hand and lifted it to her chest, pressing it to the hollow of her throat. “Feel my breathing and breath with me. Nice and slow. In. And out.”Poe could see and feel Finn struggling to obey. His legs started to cramp and so he lowered himself down to sit behind Finn, watching Organa fix.... whatever had just happened. It took a long time. Poe kept his hands on Finn's arms, and eventually leaned forward to rest his forehead against Finn's shoulder. The General's voice was so monotone and soothing that it almost made him feel sleepy. Eventually,Finn's breathing slowed, evened out. His violent tremors became an occasional shiver. His tense muscles relaxed, and finally, he dropped his head letting out a huge, heaving sigh. “I'm sorry,” he said, voice cracked and raw. “No,” the General said, voice still in that calming place. “You have done nothing wrong. I should have known better. You... you are the first who has come to us from the Order. We should have been better prepared.” She leaned forward and cupped his face with one hand, still holding his in the other. “We're going to take care of you. Do you think you can stand?” Finn nodded quickly and tried to spring up, but both Poe and Organa used their grip on him to slow him down, keep him steady. Once he was standing on his own two feet, they both took a step back. Poe looked to Organa for instructions. She nodded slightly at him, then spoke to Finn. “Finn, you've been given quarters on in the fourth wing. Room 475. Do you know where that is?” At Finn's nod, she continued, “Go there and get some rest. Tomorrow I will... give you your assignment.” Finn nodded again and turned, hurrying out the door without looking at either of them. Poe turned immediately to the General. “What just happened?” he asked, hands out, eyes wide. Organa sighed, and she sounded so weary that Poe felt guilty for asking. “Storm Troopers are not just soldiers,” she said, going back to her desk and sitting down. “They are tools; cogs in a giant machine. When you met Finn, he had no name, correct?” Poe nodded. “There is no individuality in a Storm Trooper's life. They are not just trained, like you or I, but brainwashed. Dehumanized. Until you and he escaped, Finn had never made a single choice in his entire life.” Poe righted the fallen chair and sat down. “So, you're saying he panicked because you gave him a choice? But... he chose a lot of things. He rescued me. He fought the people who raised him.” “Choices in the heat of battle do not feel like choices,” Organa said. “Acting on instinct is not the same as having to think about your actions. He took control of his life when he set you free, but he has no idea how to actually wield that control once his life is no longer on the line. It's going to take time, Poe. He just needs time and support.” Poe nodded, eyes on the desk. “You assigned him the room next to mine,” he said after a long moment of silence. Organa gave a wry smile. “Well, you spent so much time at his bedside, I figured you'd just move rooms if I assigned him anywhere else.” She stood and Poe hurried to stand as well. “There's a lot more work to do yet, and never enough time. Tomorrow I'm going to assign Finn to our intel unit; he can tell them everything he knows about fighting Storm Troopers. Keep an eye on him, Poe Dameron. We don't want to lose this one.” Poe nodded and hurried out, his heart beating far faster than was necessary. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 Poe stuck to Finn's side for the next several weeks, watching his every move and trying very hard not to be caught staring. He could see it every time Finn was asked to make a choice – the wide eyes, the hitch in his voice, the panic. He was overwhelmed by even the smallest decisions. And Poe ached every time he saw it. “They secured a few new smuggling lanes,” the cook explained as Poe started at the new desserts lined up for dinner one evening. “Moral is gonna skyrocket.” Poe grinned and grabbed one of each. He glanced over at Finn and saw that he hadn't taken any of them. Finn had a sweet tooth; Poe knew that because the candy he kept rucksack kept going mysteriously missing. He looked at the desserts again then watched Finn sit down at their table, completely dessert-less. On impulse, Poe grabbed two more of the desserts: a chocolate cake and some sort of fruit thing he didn't recognize but that smelled amazing. He sat down across from Finn and held them up. “You forgot dessert,” he said. “Which one do you want?” He watched those dark eyes widen slightly, and the hand tighten on his fork. Finn didn't speak. “This one?” Poe asked, waving the cake. “Or this one.” He jiggled the other. When Finn continued to stare, Poe added, “Or neither.” Finn's eyelids fluttered and he seemed like he was trying hard to focus. “Or both.” “Both,” Finn said, and it came out like he had to force it. He took a deep breath then let it out slowly, but he gave Poe a small smile and reached for the plates. Poe handed them over with a bright grin of his own. They could do this. They were a team. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 He tried it again a few days later. They had a day off and Finn had asked what kind of music Poe listened to. Poe had taken no time at all to show Finn his entire music collection, playing all of his favorite songs while Finn sat on the floor of Poe's room, watching the lights from the holoplayer dance on the ceiling. Poe watched and noticed which songs Finn seemed to react the most to. He narrowed it down to three songs. “Which of these three is your favorite?” he asked, settling down on the floor next to Finn. He watched Finn's hands, clasped together loosely, tighten. Finn was silent for a long moment. When he finally spoke, he said, “I know what you're doing.” His voice was low, but Poe couldn't read any emotion in it. Poe bit his lip, looking down at his hands. “Do you want me to stop?” The last thing he wanted to do was force Finn into anything. Finn was silent again for so long that Poe had to clasped his own hands together to keep them from shaking. “No,” Finn said eventually, voice even. “I need this.” Poe sighed heavily and nodded. Then he lifted the discs again and gave a small smile. “So. Which one?” 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 Next it was books. Finn took to recreational reading like a fish to water, and ran through every single book Poe owned, and most of the library. He had several favorites, and eventually, Poe was able to get him to actually say what they were. He bought Finn a copy of each. Then it was jobs. Finn hated sanitation. Others might think it was because sanitation just wasn't a particularly fun or glamorous job, but Poe suspected it had a lot more to do with the familiarity of the work bringing up things Finn would rather not think about. The week he was on sanitation, Finn had nightmares every night. Poe could hear him in the room next door. He wanted to check on him, but had no idea if it was the right thing to do. So in the end, he stayed in his room and didn't sleep. Finn loved the greenhouses. They grew as much of their own food as possible, to cut down on traceable shipments and because it was a good place for recovering soldiers to work. Finn adored it. His face lit up every time he went in, and he always volunteered to get his hands into the soil. There had been nothing green in his life before the Resistance. Poe couldn't imagine living his entire life in space, only seeing the surface of planets when he was ordered there to kill. Finn talked about Rey a lot in the greehouses; apparently he thought she would love them, too. Some things were harder than others. Poe couldn't really figure out what made some choices easier and other more difficult; there didn't seem to be a pattern to them. Finn eventually took himself to General Organa's office and told her that he wanted to officially join the Resistance, with nervous pride in his voice. Two days later, Poe had asked him what his favorite color was, and Finn had needed an hour to recover from the resulting panic attack. The first time Finn actually refused to do something felt like a victory. Some of the soldiers had gotten permission to go hunting in the forests near the base. Poe wasn't interested, but Finn had been invited. When it had been explained to him what exactly they would be doing with their blasters out in the woods, Finn's eyes had gone wide and he'd shaken his head firmly. “No. Thank you.” The cadet had walked away and Poe couldn't help but wrap Finn up in a hug. “I don't like hunting, either,” he said, and Finn laughed in his ear, his hands curling into the back of Poe's shirt. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 Finn held Poe's hand a year after they first met, almost to the day. They were sitting under a large tree in the greenhouses, late at night. It was a holiday, Poe couldn't remember which one, but a lot of the crew observed it so everyone had the night off. Poe was looking up at the stars through the leaves and the glass, and feeling generally at peace with the world. He drew in a sharp breath when he felt Finn's hand slip into his, fingers twining together. He looked over. Finn was staring up at the sky as well, skin glowing in the low light. His eyes were shining and he looked... relaxed. Content. Happy. Poe squeezed his hand and returned his gaze to the sky and didn't say a word. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 A week later, a ship landed at the base. He didn't need to hear the reverent whispers that ran through the camp to know who was had returned. All he needed was to see the look on Finn's face. Finn took Poe's hand and tugged him outside, away from the card game he'd been playing with a few of the other pilots. “She's back!” Finn said, smile bright like the sun. “Yeah, she is,” Poe said, and he laughed a little. They skidded to a stop far behind the crowd that had formed to greet the returning hero. Poe watched the crowd for a moment, then turned to look at Finn. Finn wasn't smiling anymore. “What is it?” Poe asked, nudging him with his shoulder. “This is the part where you make me choose,” Finn said slowly. He released Poe's hand and slowly raised both of his. “You,” he said, lifting one hand. “Or.. Rey.” He lifted the other. Then his expression changed as if realizing something awful. “Or... or neither,” he added, voice dropping to a hoarse whisper. Poe stared at Finn's face. He had spent the last year doing this, and he would never get tired of it. He slowly looked at the ship, at the figure he could see clad in pale robes, descending the ramp. He wondered how long it would take him to learn her face the way he had learned Finn's. He wondered if she would let him. He looked back at Finn and knew that she would. “Or both,” Poe said with a smile. Then he took Finn's hand again and tugged him forward into the crowd. They could do this. The three of them were a team. And they had a whole year to catch up on.