Crash Your behavior is an infraction, FN-2187. Submit yourself for discipline. The words echoed in his mind as he lay awake, cold sweat dripping down his face. He could still feel the shockers against his skin from all those years ago. He couldn’t recall the pain, but he could recall the sting of their words when they’d told him he was wrong, that he was an infraction, that mercy towards him of any kind was something for which he should be eternally grateful. He shook and turned over in bed, ignoring the searing pain of his still-healing back wound. He could still remember the gratitude that he had felt when the man with the smile had deleted his infraction from the system, keeping his perfect score. He gripped the sheets. Everything always came with a price, but for some reason that man hadn’t subjected him to the proper discipline even though he’d committed an infraction. He tossed and turned with the kind man’s screams echoing in his ears when the man had later been taken away for his own kind of discipline, the Adult Disciplines as they had called them. He’d never seen the man again. He shook his head. He shouldn’t think about what had happened so long ago. There was nothing he could do about it now, even though he so badly wished he could have saved him. His mind wandered back to school. Top marks, cadet. Well done. You have exceeded expectations. He had waited his whole life to hear those words, why he had studied so hard, why he had worked to fit in with the others, all just to end up working in Sanitation. Working Sanitation as a Storm Trooper had never been that dangerous, all he had to do was carry out the tasks that most didn’t really want to think about. He’d never dealt with blood before, even though he knew that he had to. Blood had always made him feel sick, and he could feel the bile rising in his throat again as he remembered his fellow Stormtrooper falling and touching his helmet. Compassion had always been viewed as an infraction, so he’d always disguised how much he cared. Now it was tearing him apart. He cared so much that it felt like his chest would burst. He choked up a little and turned over and tried to get back to sleep. He could remember one of his fellow Stormtroopers, FN-2189, always offering him extra food, even though it was an infraction. 89 had always gotten extremely nervous before examinations, and the two had snuck off occasionally so Finn could comfort 89. Comforting people came naturally to him, so on 89’s bad days Finn would give him hugs or hold his hand. He never knew what became of 89. He hoped he was still alive out there somewhere. Finn sighed. He really wanted out of the med bay. / After a long night, Finn finally managed to get a little rest, although his memories haunted him, and the nightmares didn’t help a bit. He felt groggy, and he missed Rey fiercely. Her absence felt like a hole in his chest, even larger than the one in his back. The only person who had managed to fill that hole a little was Poe Dameron. He had been visiting every day, and the nurses had even started trusting him to bring food for Finn. He came today with a tray full of food and a smile that lit up the room like a star. “Hey champ,” he said, setting the tray down in front of Finn and taking a seat by his side. His energy this morning seemed to overflow, and Poe rubbed his hands together to expend some of it. “You seem super excited about something.” Finn smiled up at his friend and took a bite of food. “Let’s see...flying related? Or...cute girlfriend?” Poe choked and laughed and gently nudged his friend’s shoulder. “Haven’t had one of those in a long time, silly, it is flying related, but I also have a bit of an um, offer for you,” he said, a wide grin spreading over his face. “Once you come out of here, I was wondering if you wanted to be my roommate? I live alone and you know, might be nice to live with a familiar face.” A really nice face, too, Finn thought, and then shook the thought out of his head. “You’d really let me live with you?” he said, grinning, “like for real?” “For real!” Poe laughed and held out a hand. “Whattya think?” Finn took his hand and pulled him into a one-armed hug, and then almost regretted it due to a major pain in his back. He winced and his friend pulled away. “You okay, buddy?” “Yeah, I’m fine,” he said, feeling his face heat up a little when he met his friend’s eyes. He was unusually warm, and he could make out every detail in Poe’s face. His eyes were so dark and...he stopped himself before he starting thinking any further. He felt himself heating up a little more. “So what’s flying related for you today?” “I’m testing out a new prototype of X-Wing. They’re designed to be so much safer than the others, and their shields are state of the art.” He listened to his friend rant about flying for a solid minute before Poe caught himself. “Sorry man, just got a little excited.” He smiled sheepishly. “It’s fine man, I love listening to you talk.” He gave his friend a reassuring smile and there was a moment where they both just sort of stared at the floor. “Well, I’m um, expected to fly soon, but I’ll stay with you for a few more minutes if you want,” he said, offering to take a seat next to Finn. “You go ahead and do your job, you don’t have to hang around me all day,” he laughed, looking up at his friend. Poe bent down and squeezed his shoulder. “It’s my pleasure and joy to be around you,” he said, giving a warm smile before standing up and heading out, waving goodbye as he went. “Make sure you get enough to eat, buddy!” Oh how Finn wished he could have gotten Poe to stay. / “Let me see him! Please, he’s my friend!” “You’re not well enough! Lie back down!” “Is he hurt?” “He’ll be fine, just lie down!” Finn panicked. The crash had happened so suddenly, he had prayed to whatever was out there that it hadn’t been Poe’s X-Wing to crash but it had. It had almost exploded mid-air. The fact that they had managed to retrieve him at all was hopeful, but at the same time damning, judging by the burns covering his friend’s body. He begged to be able to see him once they had given him immediate medical attention. He waited for hours on end, dreading every nurse’s footsteps, praying, hoping that his friend would be alright. He couldn’t stand the thought of losing him, not again. He pressed his hands to his face, wishing there was something he could do. Finally the nurses let him in to see Poe. His friend was covered in bandages head to toe, and he was asleep, but he was alive. Disregarding the chair, Finn knelt and took Poe’s hand, the only part of him that wasn’t injured, and gave it a squeeze. “Come on buddy, you can pull through this,” he whispered, and held his friend’s hand tighter. “You’re the best pilot in the resistance, we still need you. I need you.” He stayed with him until the nurses told him it was best to leave him be. That night he slept in the jacket, holding it tight to him like it was his last hope. Chapter 2 : Care He couldn’t sleep. He couldn’t eat, he couldn’t do anything but worry about Poe. When he was allowed in the med bay, he waited there, ignoring the pain in his back and holding Poe’s hand like it was a lifeline and Finn was the one dying. No, not dying. Poe wasn’t dying. He was alive. He was going to be fine. He’d have a few scars here and there but Poe would be fine. Finn started panting. What would happen if his friend never made it out of there alive? He let out a dry sob and clutched his face. He had to go see him, now. He rushed down to the med bay, holding the jacket on tight, remembering it had used to belong to Poe and if it could escape from the battle with Kylo Ren in need of repair but still okay, then Poe could escape from this in need of repair but okay. He had to believe that. He was allowed in the med bay and he sat down next to Poe’s bed. He was still unconscious, but his heart was beating steadily. That was a good thing. That was a very good thing. He took his friend’s unharmed hand. “Hey, it’s me. I’m awful worried about you. I really hope you can wake up soon. I want to give you a proper hug again, maybe even-I don’t know what I’m saying, I just miss you so much. Please wake up soon. I want you to be okay.” He pressed his forehead against his friend’s hand and took a deep breath, trying to stay calm and collected. The nurse came in and gave him a pitying look. He ignored it and kept holding Poe’s hand to his forehead. Then he lowered his hand to his lips and pressed them gently against it. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered. The pain in his back increased, and he ignored it, gritting his teeth. He squeezed Poe’s hand and closed his eyes. He knew he had to rest, he just wanted to be there with Poe. / “You think the kid’s sweet on Poe?” the male nurse named Amel asked, smirking. “He’s in there almost every day, and he’s got Poe’s jacket, as in the jacket belonging to Poe I-Will-Kill-You-If-You-Touch-This-Jacket Dameron.” “The real question here is whether or not Poe is sweet on the kid then. Finn clearly cares about everyone, Poe being no exception.” His colleague, Mara, adjusted her clipboard and pretended to examine the contents of the papers more closely. She pretended not to like gossip or drama, but when either came up, she was always the first to know about it, along with Amel. “He’s in there holding his damn hand almost every day like they’re lovers or something.” “If they are lovers, what’s it to you? It’s not like Poe ever succeeded with you, you don’t really have a right to be jealous.” “I’m not jealous, I just don’t think Poe’s doing either of them a favor by getting with the ex-stormtrooper kid. He should be with someone a bit more, well, experienced, more stable.” “Like you?” Mara raised her eyebrow. “I hit the guy once, it doesn’t mean I’m unstable.” “Does mean he’s not with you though.” “Whatever! I’m just concerned for the kid, that’s all. I don’t want for the kid to be getting in too deep with somebody like that.” “Poe’s not a bad person, you know that right?” “I never said he was a bad person, I just think he’s aiming a bit, well, low.” “Are you saying he has bad taste?” “Well-no, that’s not what I mean,” the man flushed, remembering Poe’s prior interest in him and realizing that if he was going to insult Poe’s taste, he was going to end up insulted along with him. “You know you have no business messing with Poe, right?” “I’m not messing with him! I just don’t want him to get too involved with a kid like that, that’s all! I like Finn sure, but he’s not exactly the most stable boy, and I think Poe needs someone more experienced!” “You’re still not describing yourself, Amel.” He sighed. He hated it when she was right. / The light was too bright in the med bay as Poe opened his eyes. He was slowly stirring awake, and he didn’t know exactly what was going on at first. All he remembered was the joy of flying, and then the smell of smoke and the terrible sound of the aircraft exploding. His last thought before impact had been of Finn. Finn! He tried to turn his head, but he could only manage to move his eyes. He could see Finn coming into view. “You okay, Poe?” “Just d-dandy, how about yourself?” he sputtered before exploding into coughs. Finn held the water up to his mouth so he could drink it, trying not to stare at Poe’s lips as he did so. “I’m fine, been worried about you is all,” he gently placed the water down and took his friend’s hand. “Is this okay?” Poe felt his face heat up a little as Finn held his hand, and he smiled and gave a little nod. He could kind of move his head, but not really. He was stuck in this position for now. God he hated being held down like this. “Your back healing alright?” he whispered, trying to avoid falling into another coughing fit. That had hurt every part of his body, which was already stinging under the bandages that covered him from head to toe. “It’s a little painful, but it’s okay.” He gently lifted his hand and rested it on top of his friend’s head and stroked his hair. Poe could really feel his face heating up now, but it was such a nice gesture that he had to crack a smile. He painfully moved his arm up and pulled Finn’s hand down to his cheek. Finn smiled and rested his hand against his friend’s face. “How do you feel?” “Everything hurts but the company...it’s nice.” He whispered. Trying to be charming from a hospital bed is harder than it seems. Finn stroked Poe’s cheek and smiled. “I was so worried about you,” Finn whispered. “I was in here every day when I could be, I wanted so badly for you to wake up. I-I care about you, Poe, I really do.” “I care about you too,” Poe smiled and closed his eyes and kissed Finn’s hand softly. Finn’s face heated up, and Poe beckoned for him to lean in closer. “I can’t really move my head, otherwise I’d-” Poe blushed and just then, Amel walked into the room. “Having fun, are we gentlemen?” Amel said, pursing his lips and turning to Finn. “Please leave my patient alone now. You need to get back to your quarters.” Chapter 3 : Let Down Your Guard Finn sat alone in his quarters several weeks later. He had been visiting Poe every day, telling him jokes and holding his hand and keeping pleasant company with him. He really enjoyed it, but somehow he felt it was all just temporary. Like something was going to happen to shatter his newfound peace. There was also the issue of Amel peeking in and telling them to stop whenever he got the chance. The man was pretty good at ruining a moment. Finn couldn’t help but think of a few times when he and Poe had almost kissed and Amel had decided it was his business to butt in. He didn’t even know what had happened between the two of them. Poe had once told him that they were very good friends at one time, but now they just plain didn’t like each other. Poe never explained why. He decided to ask him when they were next lying together in the med bay, however, he never got a chance to go back to the med bay, because all of a sudden he heard a knock at the door. Poe, still bandaged but able to walk, opened the door and flashed him a grin. “Hey champ,” he said, “how are you?” Finn walked over to his friend and pulled him gently into a hug. Poe melted and wrapped his arms around Finn, careful not to touch his back too hard for fear of damaging the healing wound. “Missed me, did you?” “So they let you out of the med bay already?” He said, taking his friend’s hands in his and squeezing them gently. Poe smiled. “Yeah, they need me to do physical therapy and then I need to be back out there.” “Don’t you need to rest more?” Finn asked, puzzled. “Yeah, they want me to rest. No, I need to get out there for myself as much as for the cause. I need to feel myself in the air again, need to fly out there amongst the stars. Makes me feel alive, so energetic and...excited.” Poe smiled and bit his lip and looked up out the window, rubbing Finn on the shoulder. “The stars are so beautiful, my god, I have to take you out flying.” “You just got out of the hospital, we both did, and now you want to take me flying in one of those dangerous things?” Finn laughed. “Need to get in the air again, need to feel the motion, want to be in control again. I hate those hospital beds, and I hate being down, you know? Being held down by injuries? Makes me feel so vulnerable.” “We didn’t really have hospitals in the First Order, we were extremely expendable and no one wanted to waste materials on a stormtrooper when they already had new ones being trained and ready to be shipped out. I guess I got lucky that I never got too badly hurt while there, otherwise they would have just shot me.” Poe cursed and walked over to Finn and put his hands on his shoulders. “Those bastards in the First Order treated you like you’re nothing, even though you’re everything. You know that you’re everything to us, right? You’re not gonna be treated that way here, you’re very precious and none of us want any harm to come to you, understood?” Poe looked his friend intently in the eyes, trying to keep his eyes off of his lips. He raised one hand to Finn’s cheek and stroked it gently. Finn smiled and looked down at the ground bashfully. God, he was beautiful. Poe put his hands on his cheeks and rested their foreheads together. “You’re so precious,” he murmured. Finn flushed and felt a horrible feeling rising inside of him. He didn’t deserve to be cared for by this beautiful, amazing man. He didn’t deserve to share a room with him either. He deserved to follow orders, to be given only what he needed to survive. He never deserved anything like this. Finn was torn between walking away and sinking closer to Poe and holding him like he had never been held before. Finn settled for giving his friend a quick hug and then pulling away. “Are you okay?” Poe whispered. “I-I don’t feel good...I don’t deserve this. Being cared for like this, I’m not freaking precious, I’m just a cowardly stormtrooper who needed a way out.” “And I’m just a guy who likes to fly. Can you honestly look me in the eyes right now and tell me that you’re not precious to this whole cause, to everyone here?” “There’s nothing special about me. I got here based on my friend’s skills, not on my own. I wouldn’t be alive today if it weren’t for you guys.” “And none of us would be alive if it weren’t for you, Finn.” Poe’s eyes explored Finn’s and Poe took his hands. “You mean the galaxy to us, Finn, and we mean that. I mean that. You mean that much to me too. Especially to me.” “You’re too good,” Finn whispered and leaned in closer. He’d learned how to kiss before with 89, and he was hoping to God that Poe wanted to kiss him. Poe instantly proved him right. He was leaning in along with Finn and raising his hand to stroke his cheek. Finn closed the distance and kissed his friend softly, closing his eyes and savoring the moment. Poe wrapped his arms gently around Finn and smiled into the kiss. Finn was so so precious. “You’re so wonderful, Finn,” he whispered, his eyes fluttering open and a smile spreading over his features. Finn pulled him in for another kiss, and he felt his heart sing. No more interruptions from Amel, they could do this all day if they wanted. He kept kissing Finn, moving his lips softly from Finn’s own to his cheeks and all over his face. He wanted to cover him in kisses and let him know just how wonderful he was, how irreplaceable he was. Oh how Poe wanted to undo all of the damage that the First Order had done to Finn, his Finn. They had deprived him of so many experiences, so many things he could have loved. The mere thought of it made him want to kiss Finn harder and hold him tighter than before. “Finn, I-” he was cut off by a knock at the door. Both of them turned their heads to see who it was. It was Amel, standing there seething. “Dameron,” Amel said, “we need to talk.” Chapter 4 : Oh, Disarm Disarm Notes: Chapter titles comes from the song Razor by New Year's Day Poe shot a longing look at Finn before walking out to the door and greeting Amel stiffly. “Hello, Amel, what is it you need?” Amel grabbed his arm and shut the door to Finn and Poe’s room. “What the hell are you doing with him?” Amel gripped Poe’s arm tightly, and Poe had to fight to keep it out of the other man’s grasp. “I was just talking-” “No, you were kissing him. I saw that whole disgusting display. There’s a window on this door.” “So you’re stalking me now? How romantic! ” Poe scoffed. “What’s between us is over, Amel. You were the one who said no, remember? Not me! You can get off my ass if you had no interest in it!” “And if I do have interest in it?” Amel’s eyes shone darkly and mischievously. “It’s over, and frankly, I don’t give a fuck if you have an interest or not, because now I’m the one saying no, got it? Now if this whole conversation was about my love life...” “It wasn’t, Dameron, I came to warn you about something. Your X-Wing was sabotaged. I found the remnants of a detonator at the crash site. There was a bomb planted on it. I don’t know who in the Resistance might have wanted to sabotage you, but whoever it was, don’t trust anyone. Even that kid. You do know he’s a stormtrooper right?” “Was a stormtrooper, risked his ass to save me.” Amel raised his hand like he was about to ‘slap some sense’ into Poe. “Don’t you get it? Once a stormtrooper, always a stormtrooper! They fucked with your boy’s head from birth! You think that your pretty face is enough to change him? He’s a danger to the whole resistance!” “That’s what you think! You don’t know Finn like I do.” “I don’t think you know him at all. Face it Dameron, this kid is dangerous for you to be messing around with. Why not go for someone who has been loyal to the resistance, and to you, from the fucking start?” Amel ran his hands over Poe’s shoulders and leaned in to whisper in his ear. “Just watch, it’s gonna turn out that the kid planted the bomb, and your ass will come running back to me.” “I’d rather stick my dick in a Rancor, thank you very much.” He flashed Amel one of his brilliant smiles and walked back into the room. “What was that?” Finn asked. Poe cupped his face in his hands and planted a soft kiss on his lips. “Amel just wanted to talk. Listen, don’t tell anyone, I mean it, don’t, but he said my X-Wing was sabotaged. There was a bomb planted on it. There might be someone in the resistance who has been tasked with weakening us, and they might be targeting me.” Finn put his hand over Poe’s. “I won’t tell anyone, I promise.” “You’re so good, you’re just so good,” Poe whispered, kissing Finn’s nose and lips. “How did I ever come to meet someone as good as you?” “Well, I needed a pilot. And I got you.” Finn pulled him closer and kissed him, wanting him as close as he could get him. “You got me, that’s for sure.” He kissed him again and sat down next to Finn, kissing all over his face. Finn blushed and ran his hands over Poe, wanting to feel his body under his uniform but not wanting to do anything he didn’t know how to do. He pulled the other man down and kissed him passionately. Poe responded in kind, all tongue and teeth and fiery need. He wanted to show Finn how good he was, how wonderful he was, and if he couldn’t do it through words, he would do it through touch. The two of them rolled around on the bed, kissing and whispering to each other. “You’re wonderful, Finn, you truly are,” Poe whispered in his ear, moaning as Finn ran his hands all down his back. Finn’s hands grew more adventurous, and Poe bit his lip just like he had when they had initially seen each other again on the base. “I think-I was never taught about this but I had heard about it before and...I think I love you,” Finn whispered. Poe looked down at him, his eyes shining as he beheld Finn. “You’re so good and pure, my god, I love you too, Finn,” he whispered and kissed him again. “You’re my stars.” Chapter 5 : Dance “Wait, I’m confused, Poe. What is dancing?” “You’ve never danced before? Oh buddy, this is going to be amazing!” Poe grinned and pulled Finn along by his hands, interlacing their fingers and stepping out into the crowd of dancing pilots and resistance workers. “Just copy my movements at first until you get the hang of it.” Finn squeezed Poe’s hand and Poe pulled him along, spinning around in a circle. Finn twirled to match his movements, clumsily at first but then he started to awkwardly get the hang of it. “This is kind of fun,” Finn said, swinging to the music and laughing. “Do you dance often?” “Whenever I get the chance, buddy! I just don’t always get to,” Poe remarked sadly and twirled Finn. He made an odd noise at being twirled and then awkwardly pressed his lips against Poe’s. Poe made a happy humming noise at the kiss and pulled Finn close and held him there. He felt Amel’s eyes on him and proceeded to embrace him harder. This was their night, and nothing was going to ruin it for them. Jessika Pava cheered from the crowd and Poe couldn’t help but roll his eyes a little. A slower number came on and he pulled Finn close and interlaced their fingers. “Just follow my movements,” he whispered, and ran his free hand down Finn’s back. Finn clumsily stepped to the beat with Poe and he got the hang of it eventually, smiling and looking into Poe’s eyes. He kissed him softly and the two of them spun there, wrapped up in each other and kissing like they had all the time in the world. They orbited one another like a moon traveling around a planet, a planet around a star. This night was theirs. That night, as they lay wrapped in each other’s arms, Finn propped himself up on his elbows and whispered to Poe’s sleeping form. “Even if I never see the sky again, I could still stargaze with the stars in your eyes.” Poe doesn’t respond, but he does smile a little in his sleep and pull Finn closer, and the two of them fall asleep together. Chapter 6 : Morning There was something pushing its way into his head. It was forcing its way past all of his boundaries and wriggling around, trying to find the information it needed. It took what it wanted and didn’t give him anything back. It was ruthless and cold and inside of his head...it was inside his head... Poe woke with a start, cold sweat running down his cheeks. It felt like he was suffocating, like there was a massive weight on his chest and his heart was thumping, he was sure it was going to come out. He let out a sob and put his head in his hands. It had been so peaceful these past few nights. He hadn’t had any nightmares up until now. He had never told anyone about them, he just endured them silently. It wasn’t the strong way to handle things, but he’d be damned if he was going to let anyone know that the best pilot in the resistance was crying himself to sleep because of nightmares. He sighed and lay back down in bed next to Finn, whose arms were still resting like they were around Poe. He turned on his side and looked over Finn’s peaceful face. He was so beautiful, so handsome, so precious that Poe wanted to cry even harder looking at him in sleep. Finn stirred a little and let out a sleepy grunt, and Poe felt a grin spread over his face. God, Finn was such a comfort in these times, and he didn’t even know it. He reached out and ran his fingertips softly over Finn’s cheek, sighing a little at the feeling of his skin. Finn stirred a little and put his hand over Poe’s. “Oh Finn...” he whispered and gently stroked the other man’s cheek. Finn shifted in his sleep and pulled him close, and Poe leaned into his embrace, wrapping his arms around Finn as well. This felt like heaven, even though Poe knew that inside of his head was hell. He tried not to get any more sleep and just focus on being held, but that didn’t work for long. He was soon sound asleep in Finn’s arms. He kept going back to the same nightmare over and over again, but Finn just held him through it all. The next morning Poe woke up, finally having a break from the nightmares, and looked over at the sweet man next to him. He smiled and ran his hand over Finn’s shoulder in his sleep. “Wakey wakey eggs and bakey,” he whispered, and Finn stirred and looked up at him, bleary-eyed from sleep but a smile creeping up onto his face. “How are you buddy?” he asked. “Fine, how about yourself?” “Dandy as ever!” He grinned and stroked Finn’s cheek and Finn pulled his hand closer and kissed it softly. Poe felt a jolt of warmth at the touch, and he leaned in to press a kiss to Finn’s lips. Finn reciprocated and wrapped his arms around Poe. Poe kissed him harder and ran his tongue along Finn’s bottom lip. Finn moaned a little and pulled Poe closer, savoring every moment they shared. Finn was operating on pure instinct, Poe could tell by his awkward movements, and he knew they had to slow down, but he pressed several kisses down Finn’s neck anyway. Finn pulled their bodies together and Poe felt something very large and stiff against him. Finn was fully hard, bless him, and he was gasping against Poe’s touch, muttering something that Poe couldn’t make out. “What is it sweetheart?” he purred against Finn’s ear. “Want to feel you...c-can I?” Finn looked into Poe’s eyes and he nodded. “Don’t know how you’re putting up with my morning breath, but I’ll take it,” he whispered and laughed. Finn giggled and put a hand over his own mouth self-consciously. Poe lowered it and kissed him softly. “You wanted to feel me, darling? How do you want me?” “Just like this...” Finn took off his shirt and pressed up against Poe, letting out a soft sigh. Poe felt arousal building at the feeling of Finn’s bare skin against his clothing, and he made quick work of removing his shirt so he could feel more of him. He wanted him so much closer than this but this was quite enough. Slow down, his brain warned him but he ignored the warning and pulled Finn into his arms and kissed him hard. He ran his fingers over every inch of Finn he could touch, minding his injury but still exploring his body. He was even more beautiful like this, and Poe licked his lips. He wanted him badly. “Poe...” he whispered and looked up at him, his large eyes full of desire. “Can I feel more of you?” “Yeah,” he said breathlessly, and gasped a little when Finn’s hand went to the rim of his pants. “I’ve only ever done this with myself but I’d heard stories and,” Finn bit his lip, “I want to...with you. Only if you’re okay with it though,” he rushed and Poe kissed him. “I want to baby,” he whispered and then undid his pants. “If you want, I can touch you too.” “Yeah, I’d like that,” Finn whispered. Poe smiled and grabbed his hips and looked up at him. “This okay?” he said, and Finn nodded and Poe started rocking his hips against Finn’s, his breath catching as he did so. Finn moaned as well and whispered in his ear “can I take off your pants?” Poe nodded and Finn nervously undid his pants, slipping them down and grabbing his ass. Poe asked permission and did the same with Finn’s, moaning as their cocks rubbed together. “Love you...my god...love you...” he moaned and kissed Poe hard. Poe moaned and ran his tongue over Finn’s lip and chin and started kissing and sucking down his neck. He wasn’t going to last long, not with Finn wrecked like this. Finn clearly wasn’t either, and he took the initiative to take Finn’s cock in his hand and stroke him. He moaned into Poe’s touch and panted out a warning before he came hard into Poe’s hand. Poe rubbed his cock against Finn’s leg and came as well, breathing erratically. “That was...” he moaned and kissed Finn softly, “that was amazing.” “You’re amazing,” Finn whispered and smiled. Poe ran his come-free hand over Finn’s face and held him close. “You want to stay in bed a little longer, love?” he whispered and Finn nodded. Chapter 7 : Crash! Notes: I'm sorry The day found them making every opportunity that they had into a moment during which they could touch each other. Whether they were holding hands under the table or if they were hugging in the hallways, they were touching each other for the entire day. The others laughed at them, but they were all secretly happy that the two of them had found each other. Finn was overjoyed that he was actually loved and accepted by these people. It was a camaraderie that he had never known before, and it felt amazing, especially coupled with getting to spend his days staring into Poe’s dark eyes. Finn had also been trusted with other missions on the base. That day, he’d been tasked with helping to repair Jessika’s X-Wing. Janie, one of the engineers on the base, had given him a special part that he needed to put onto her X-Wing in order to help it run more efficiently. He was over the moon at the idea that he could help, and Poe had laughed at him only a little for it. “Here,” he said to Jessika, offering her the strangely shaped part, “one of the engineers asked me to put this on your X-Wing, she said it would help it run better. I don’t know much about engineering so,” he shrugged. Jessika examined it for a moment and then looked up at Finn as though demanding an explanation. “Finn, do you realize that this is an explosive?” “It’s a what?” “Don’t play dumb with me, Finn! You tried to sneak an explosive onto my X-Wing without me noticing. Are you trying to get me killed? Are you...” her eyes blazed, “are you the reason that Poe went down that day?” “No! I swear to God I would never hurt Poe! I wouldn’t hurt you either! Please, one of the engineers gave it to me. Her name is Janie.” “Oh, that’s cute. You realize I’ve known Janie all my life? You really think she’d sneak an explosive onto my X-Wing? You’re a kriffing piece of work, Finn, Stormtrooper through and through.” She stormed off, and Finn was left there with the explosive in his hands. He looked up at the doorway through which she left, and he saw Amel with his arms crossed and a smirk on his face. “Well well well, looks like someone got caught in the act. It was pretty cute, what you did, trying to seduce Poe so you could weaken us. But now, everyone is going to find out what you’ve done. I was right about you. Once a Stormtrooper, always a Stormtrooper.” “I didn’t do it! I swear to God, Amel I know you hate me, but please hear me out! I didn’t do it!” Just then, Poe came bursting through the doorway. “FINN!” he bellowed. Finn had never seen this side of him before. His beautiful eyes were full of rage, and it was all directed at him. Poe raised a shaking finger at him. “So you were the one who caused my X-Wing to fall. I trusted you! I trusted you, Finn! I had better not ever catch your face around here again!” “Poe please...” he said, but it was too late. He had already lost Poe’s trust. Amel followed after Poe, and he felt a twinge of jealousy that he knew he didn’t deserve. He felt a sob rising in his throat. Someone was out to get him and Poe and Jessika, and that person had just cost him everything that he loved and valued. His hands shook. Whomever it was, he was going to end them. Chapter 8 : This Whole World's Against You Notes: There is minor attempted sexual assault in this chapter, please skip it if that triggers you or even mildly upsets you, please stay safe “Amel, you shut the fuck up, I don’t want to hear it.” Poe’s eyes were blazing. He had to shut out Amel’s smirk, had to shut out Finn’s innocent eyes, had to shut out everything that had happened. He had to get to Leia and try to make sense of the situation. There would be hell to pay for Finn for seducing him and getting under his skin like this. He felt a twinge of pain at the thought of Finn. The situation was all wrong. “But was I wrong? Was I wrong, Poe?” Amel knew he was a bastard, but he was loving every second of being right about this. He knew Poe would come around. Eventually. They were meant to be together. Yes, Finn was a distraction, but he was no doubt going to be over now. He had to keep himself from rubbing his hands together. He and Poe could finally have what they had messed up, no, Poe, had messed up for them, (he had forced Amel’s hand, Amel hadn’t meant to hit him) so long ago. “Fine, you weren’t wrong, but it doesn’t mean you’re not an ass, and it doesn’t mean that I’m all of a sudden gonna drop to my knees and beg your dick for forgiveness. He meant the galaxy to me, and hounding me and saying ‘i told you so’ isn’t going to change that.” “Dameron, you have the worst kriffing taste of any pilot I’ve ever met. An ex-stormtrooper? Really? You’d go for that? He looks at you with those doe eyes of his and suddenly you’re in love with him? You make me sick to my stomach.” “The feeling’s mutual.” “Come on, Poe, don’t be like that.” Amel crowded him against the wall. “What in the hell--” he felt a hand over his mouth and Amel’s mouth against his ear and he panicked and tried to kick him off but Amel pinned him against the wall. “Come on, Poe, baby, you know we were meant for each other, don’t deny it, I feel it and you feel it too. We’re soul mates, you and I, and that’s something that Finn can’t touch. But you know what I can touch?” Amel never finished his soliloquy because Finn’s right hook landed against the back of his head and sent him down to the floor. Amel turned around and Finn punched him again, grabbing his shirt and growling. “How dare you?” he yelled, lifting Amel into the air and then slamming him to the floor. “How kriffing dare you try to hurt him!” Poe’s eyes widened as he watched Finn attack Amel. He had never seen this side of him before, although, there might be quite a few sides of him he had never seen before. What was all this? If Finn were truly the one trying to kill him, he wouldn’t be defending him like this. Poe felt sick to his stomach and steadied himself against the wall. “I didn’t hurt him! I was doing what was meant to be done! What was my right to do!” Amel spat in Finn’s face as he fought back. “You had no right!” Poe bellowed. “We are meant to be together!” Amel screamed and dug his fingernails into Finn’s face. Finn cried out and Poe, still queasy, entered the fight to defend him. He didn’t know if Finn was a spy or not, all he knew was that he was trying to protect him, right here and right now, and Poe would, on his honor, protect Finn as well. “I will never love a monster like you,” Poe growled in Amel’s ear, causing him to whimper. “Why? Why can’t you love me? Why did you have to go for that...that...traitor!” Finn froze. He’d only heard one person call him a traitor before... “What did you just call me?” “I called you a traitor...to the First Order!” Chapter 9 : It's Never Your Fault The First Order...Finn felt sick to his stomach. He hadn’t interacted with them in so long, and now he was practically back in their clutches. He couldn’t believe that a spy from the First Order had managed to work their way into the Resistance, let alone heal him and assault Poe. He was going to destroy Amel for what he had just done, he knew that for sure. “So you’re from the First Order.” Poe’s eyes blazed with fury. “And you dared to call Finn a traitor, dared to try to turn me against him. Or was that all some sick plan to get him away from me so you could get me alone? You’re fucking disgusting.” “You know what’s between us, Poe, you can’t deny it, it’s real, and it’s beautiful. You can scoff at me and tell me I’m wrong, but we’re meant for each other. It doesn’t matter what side either of us is on, we’ll end up in each other’s arms by the end of it. Your distractions” he glanced in Finn’s direction, “don’t bother me, you won’t end up with them.” “The only way you’re ending up in my arms is if I wrestle you to the ground and choke you to death,” Poe snarled. Finn looked at him in awe and fear. He had never seen this side of Poe before, and it was terrifying. He was just as angry as Poe was, but he didn’t have it in him to make threats like that. “Don’t be like that, baby,” Amel crooned and got a face full of Poe’s fist. “Shut up!” Poe growled and kicked him, sending him to the ground sputtering and cursing. “Don’t ever call me baby again, you fuck!” “Why, love? You uncomfortable?” Amel licked the blood off of his lips and smirked. Poe wanted to punch him again for it. He had never felt so much disgust for another living person. “Poe, we have to tell Leia about him,” Finn said, jostling Poe to his senses. He looked over at his friend, no his lover, who had worry etched into every part of his face. He looked afraid of Poe, but he also appeared fiercely protective. How had he ever mistrusted Finn? “Finn...I’m so sorry...” he whispered and reached out to him. “Not yet you’re not, Dameron,” Amel growled, and Poe only barely registered the flash of the knife before it came down and spilled Finn’s blood all over his clothes all over his side. “Finn! No!” He caught him in his arms as he fell to the ground and he growled. “You monster.” He rested Finn on the ground and wrestled the knife out of Amel’s hands and jabbed it into his foot. Amel cried out and fell over. “What have you fucking done!” he screamed at Amel and grabbed his shirt and slammed him to the ground for extra good measure. “It’s...how...we deal with...traitors in the First Order,” Amel bared his teeth. His cover was blown, and he knew that Poe was about to kill him, so he didn’t care anymore what anyone thought of what he was going to do. “The First Order is shit,” Poe growled and kicked him before kneeling by Finn. “Finn, stay with me, look at me,” he cupped Finn’s face and their eyes met. He felt his lower lip trembling and he leaned over Finn and wrapped him in his arms. “I’m so sorry baby, I’m so sorry,” he sobbed. “Poe, Poe look at me,” Finn said, running a hand over Poe’s face, “you have nothing to apologize for,” he wiped a tear off of Poe’s face, “it’s all okay,” he smiled and his eyes started to close. Poe picked him up and carried him to the med bay, not giving a damn about Amel behind them. He would need to soon, but right now he needed to focus on Finn. They got to the med bay, and just as they were about to open the doors, they saw Mara inside pulling something out of her pocket and looking at it quizzically. He screamed for her to throw it but she couldn’t hear him through the door. What? she mouthed and he screamed again and then the bomb went off. The blast sent the door flying and Poe covered Finn with his body to shield him from the debris. “Goddamnit Amel!” he screamed, tears streaming down his face. Now the one person who could help them was dead, and Amel was a murderer, and likely would be again if Finn died. He sobbed into Finn’s hair. There had to be another way to save him. There had to be. He went into the med bay to try and salvage whatever was left of the medical materials. He could only find a few bandages and some pain medications. He would be working with the basics here, but he would have to hope it would be enough to save Finn. “You don’t know how to use those,” Amel said in a sing-song voice, limping into the med bay, “and he’s going to di-ie.” “Bite me you bastard,” he growled. He desperately needed a nurse, but he knew Amel wouldn’t save Finn. “That’s kinky, isn’t it,” he said, leaning against the wall and chuckling darkly. “If only there were some way to save him.” Poe looked up at him, fury blazing in his eyes. He knew what Amel was insinuating. He wasn’t above making deals, but he wasn’t going to make one with Amel. Unless... “Amel, can you save him?” Poe whispered, his voice pleading. “Yes, yes I can. The materials are limited, but I can save him. But why would I? You stabbed me in the foot, and after all, you’ll never love me.” “I won’t tell Leia about you,” Poe said. “Not enough,” Amel said. “I’ll fly you back to the First Order.” “Tch, and tell them I failed my mission, and that my cover was blown?” “But you can tell them you got a pilot to work for their side. Think about it. Me and you,” he stepped closer to Amel, “working together, on the same side, nothing between us except First Order protocol, and they’ll be so glad to hear that you’ve brought a Resistance pilot over to this side, they’ll probably even let you have me for yourself.” “What’s that mean?” Amel could not disguise the interest in his eyes, and Poe could not hide the hatred in his. “Imagine me, anytime you want me, all pliant and submissive for you while still fiery, just like you like it,” he smirked and ran a finger down Amel’s chest, “you could fuck me in a TIE fighter if you wanted. It would be all...cozy for us. Just you and me.” Amel wanted to pull him into a kiss and just take him on the floor, but he knew better. Poe was playing him, and he knew he wouldn’t deliver on this promise. He loved this ex-stormtrooper too much to give him up for Amel. They were the ones who were meant to be together, Amel realized. He felt his throat tighten at the thought. He would never have Poe, and Poe would never love him. He realized this now. But he could make Poe suffer. Oh lord, could he do that. “I’ll save your friend,” Amel said, and Poe pulled him into a hug, sobbing gently. He knew those sobs were genuine, and it made him even sicker to know he would never warrant tears like that from Poe. He just wasn’t worth it to him. He got down on his knees and set about working on Finn’s wounds. He pulled a small container out of his pocket, playing on Poe’s trust. Poe didn’t know what the liquid was, and would believe it would help. How little he knew. He poured the liquid over Finn’s wound and wrapped the bandages around him and tied them tight. He smiled and looked up at Poe. “He’ll get better,” he said, putting his hand on Poe’s face. Maybe just this once... He leaned in and then Poe heard the sizzling of the acid eating through Finn’s flesh. “What have you done?!” Poe pulled away and stared at Finn’s body. “I lied is what I did.” Amel smirked and leaned back to admire his work. Finn was gasping in pain and Poe was gaping in horror. The bandages were collapsing and burning through as the acid ate them. “Finn!” Poe screamed and cupped his face. The acid was eating through his clothes and his skin, and he knew he didn’t have much time with his lover. “It’s called Acid 34, and it’s gonna kill him in about roughly 20 minutes, given that it hasn’t yet made it to his bloodstream. So you still have some time with him. You can even suck his dick if you’re fast enough. If it were anywhere near his vitals though, it would be bad news.” “I’ll show you bad news,” Poe growled and grabbed the vial of acid off of Amel’s belt and uncorked it and poured it all over his throat. Amel let out a soft gasp as the acid ate his skin and he screamed until it ate all the way through. Poe knew it was a cruel way to kill someone, but he was beyond mercy and kindness now. Not while he had a dying Finn in his arms. “Finn, baby, stay with me,” he said, holding Finn close, “I love you so so much, I’m sorry for not believing you,” he sobbed and held him tight, “this is all my fault.” He kissed the top of Finn’s head and cried. There was nothing left that could be done. He couldn’t wash off the acid with water, that would just carry the acid further along Finn’s body, and it was deadly even diluted. “Poe,” he whispered, “thank you,” he smiled and rested his head on his shoulder. Poe sobbed. “For what?” “For giving me my name for-” he coughed but kept going, “for showing me what it means to live, not just survive I...I love you.” “I love you too Finn, so much baby, so so much.” “Sing to me.” “What do you want me to sing?” he sobbed. “Just anything,” Finn whispered. “Okay...” he tried to recall a lullaby from his childhood, something sung to him back on Yavin-4. “Oh my love, you’re learning to fly,” he sang softly in his low voice, “and soon you’ll join your family in the sky,” Finn closed his eyes and smiled, “where the air has no care and no one ever cries,” he tried to keep himself from breaking down completely, “so sleep well my love, and fly behind your eyes.” There was no motion from Finn. “Finn...” he sobbed and pulled him closer, “please don’t go to the stars yet...I haven’t taught you how to fly yet...” Chapter 10 : Slow Down Before You Crash Into My Arms Poe was desperate. He couldn’t let Finn go. He couldn’t let him die on him like this, not after everything they’d been through together. He’d killed a man over Finn, he needed to keep him alive, otherwise the guilt would destroy him. He searched around the room for something that could help him when his eyes landed on the bottle. Base 34. An incredibly strong base, to be used only when counteracting the effects of Acid 34, it read on the label. Poe didn’t know if this would work or if it would make it worse. He carried the bottle over to Finn’s body and pressed his ear to Finn’s chest. There was still a light heart beat, and he clung to that beat like it was his last hope, which at this point, it was. Very carefully, he poured the base onto Finn’s wound, which was still being eaten away, and made sure that the base and the acid mixed completely before continuing. The desired effect took place, and the acid stopped doing its damage and the resulting mixture in the wound appeared to be a water-like substance. Poe breathed a sigh of relief and continued his work on the wound, making sure that he didn’t get any of the base on Finn’s unharmed skin. It wasn’t a perfect job that he did, but he’d managed to stop most of the damage from continuing. When he looked down at the wound again, he wanted to cry. It was too much, Finn was going to die. There was a massive hole in his side, and it had been eaten through to the bone. The damage had been stopped, but what had already been done was irreparable. Poe dropped to his knees and curled up next to Finn and began to sob and wrapped his arms around him. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered, “it wasn’t meant to be this way, Finn, I swear, we were meant for better things than this. You were meant for better. I’m so sorry. I tried to give you as much as I can, but I just gave you pain. Finn, I love you. Finn, I’m so sorry.” He kept whispering Finn’s name like is was a lifeline, like it was the only word he knew and he was saying it so he could remember how to speak. He heard footsteps in the doorway and saw the rest of the medical team standing there, gaping at the wrecked med bay and at the pathetic sight of Poe gripping Finn. “Where the kriffing hell have you been?” he shouted, and sobbed into Finn’s shoulder and gripped his hands in his jacket. “What happened?” said one of the medics, a Twi’lek, and sat down by Finn to examine the injury. He explained the situation through his sobs and the medic nodded gravely. “I understand. You need to let Leia know about the spy, and we will take care of your man. This is a terrible injury, and we’ve lost a lot of supplies due to the bombing, but that’s why we have an auxiliary storage unit for our materials. Talk to Leia about the situation while we operate on him and you can visit him after.” “I want to stay with him,” he whispered. “I know,” the medic said and put a sympathetic hand on his shoulder, “he means a lot to you, but you have to understand, staying with him will only make your emotional state worse. It’ll be better if you get out of the pain for a bit. So please go to Leia. We’ll take good care of him, I promise.” / He had never seen Leia this furious. “A spy? On my base? As a nurse no less? We’ll have to be more careful from here on out. Thank you for letting me know, Dameron.” Poe nodded and waited to be excused to leave, but she didn’t let him go yet. “Poe, are you alright?” Poe nodded and hung his head to hide the pain in his eyes. She put a hand on his shoulder. “I know what it’s like, Poe.” “Do you think they’ll save him?” he whispered. “Amel messed him up really badly, I don’t...know...” he started to sob into his fist and he was surprised by Leia’s arms around him and her gently rocking him. “I know they’ll save him. Finn is strong. People always are when they have something to live for.” She pulled away and patted his shoulder, and he wiped away the tears and smiled. “Thank you, General.” / It had been weeks now. The weeks were about to turn into a month since Finn had gone under the knife, and while he’d managed to survive the operation, Poe was now stuck waiting for him to wake up. Again. He was so sick of waiting like this. He’d done it once before after the fight with Kylo Ren, and now he had to wait even more after this fight with Amel. He was so sick of this pain. He just wanted it to end. Leia wasn’t letting him go on missions anymore after he had purposefully tried to crash his X-Wing, and now he was practically on suicide watch. He felt sick to his stomach all the time, and he never ate. He knew deep in his soul that Finn was never going to wake up, but he still was going to hope every day. He sang to Finn when he visited him, still kissed his hand and cheek chastely, still dreamt of his arms around him. He wanted him back, and there was nothing he could do to get him back. He debated if he should take a bottle of whiskey to his quarters and drink it till he passed out, or if he should spend his time waiting for Finn to wake up. Like the hopeless romantic he was, he decided to go spend the night by Finn’s bedside, wishing for him to wake up, listening to the beep of the monitor letting him know that yes, Finn was alive. / “Buddy?” he breathed, unable to believe that Finn was really awake. “Baby?” He smiled widely and gripped his hand tightly. “Oh Finn...my Finn...” “You sang to me...that’s the last thing I remember...” Finn whispered. “Yeah, buddy I did.” “Can you do it some more? Can you sing the song you sang to me?” “Anything for you my love.” / About a month of steady recovery and physical therapy later, Finn was stroking circles into Poe’s back as they cuddled in the bed that they shared. Poe sighed, the feeling of joy rising in his throat as he held Finn close. Their eyes met and their lips found each other, and slowly Poe pulled Finn up to him to caress him softly, and when Finn’s tongue ran over Poe’s lips, he knew that this was what bliss felt like. He sighed and pressed his kisses over Finn’s neck, and they continued in that way for the rest of the night, sharing caresses and whispers, and when Finn said he wanted for Poe to make him his, Poe was more than willing to do so. The night continued in gasps, moans and I love you’s, until they both lay there, dizzy off of each other’s love. He figured he didn’t need to teach Finn to fly for a while, not when they could make each other see stars as it was. They had the rest of their lives ahead of them, and that seemed as infinite as the reaches of space.