We'll Make It You And I *PoV Rey* Finn still hasn't woken up, I don't think Poe has left his side yet. He's there every morning when I visit when I come back every other evening to visit. After about a week I brought some cloth and needles in the morning. Poe was understandably confused when I started showing him how to sew until I reminded him that Kylo Ren had destroyed Finn's jacket. He understood immediately and smiled at me. I took that as a thank you. In the middle of training the next day he showed up brandishing the jacket, the stitching was sloppy and the color of the leather patch didn't match the rest of the jacket but it didn't matter. Poe's smile could have warmed all of Hoth, and I'm sure Finn would appreciate the gesture when he woke up. If he ever woke up. I'd never voice those doubts to Poe though, his heart would just break. I don't think he wants people to know but it's painfully obvious that Poe was in love with Finn. The way he was constantly by his side, how he looked at him, it was clear that he loved Finn very much. I gave Poe a quick thumbs up shooed him out of the room. Later that day I found him, near Finn's room as he usually was, and examined the coat closer. "Wow Poe, these stitches are about as straight as you." Poe looked at me with wide eyes. "Well I said that out loud didn't I?" He nodded. "Don't...don't tell anyone please?" "Don't worry man, your secret's safe with me. You're still straight to everyone else." "Okay. Okay that's good. What else do you know about me that I haven't told anyone?" "That you're in love with Finn." Poe looked at me, confusion and slight fear written all over his features. "How do you know these things?" "I had to get used to surviving by myself when I was really young, part of being able to do that learning to read people. Y'know to see if they would be safe or if I needed to avoid them. You, for example, grew up close to Kylo Ren, knew his birth name, how he trained, his favorite color, and somewhere inside you you began to suspect he'd go dark side as the two of you grew up. Especially with how easily influenced he was. Now you're angry that you were right. You're loyal to Leia, who was like a mother figure to you, indicating that your own mother probably died when you were young, you're kind of scared of telling people who you are because the first, and last, person you told didn't take it well." I finished speaking, Poe looked at me with his jaw hanging open and genuine fear filling his eyes. "Who told you this? Who told you this!" He shouted and pushed me against the wall outside the ward Finn was in. I understood his anger, I understood why he was scared. I'd just read him like a book with transparent covers. "No one told me this Poe, like I said I needed to get good at reading people to survive. You're only transparent to people who have had years of practice of looking for the subtleties in people's behavior and figuring out what they mean." "I don't believe you." Poe had released me now but he still held himself warily. "You don't have you, as long as you trust me to not tell anyone you don't have believe a damn word that come out of my mouth." Just then doctors and nurses ran past us and into the ward. Poe's demeanor changed instantly, instead of fear worry was etched into his features. He tried to run into the ward with the doctors but was shut out. "Rey, Rey I need to know that he's alright. I can't lose someone else Rey, too many good people have died I can't lose another." Poe slumped against the wall and held his head in his hands. "I understand." I spoke quietly, kneeling down next to Poe and gently wrapping my arms around him. He slumped against me and laid his head on my shoulder. "It's gonna be okay Poe, don't worry about it." Poe shook in my arms, quietly crying. It seemed as though hours passed while we were like this, in reality it was mere minutes before I felt someone tap on my shoulder and looked up. "Miss Rey, mister Poe, Finn has woken up. He asked to see you two." Poe stood up immediately, knocking me onto my butt, and ran into the ward. (PoV change bc fuck you that's why) *PoV Poe Dameron* I was still clutching the jacket when I ran into Finn's ward. He looked at me with a faint grin on his face. "Poe." "Finn." I slowly walked to his bedside. "I missed you." I took his hand in mine, warily judging his reaction. He simply grabbed my hand tighter. "Come on, it's only been a week and a half." "A week and a half where you could have died." "But I didn't." "No. No you didn't. It's your damn rebellious nature." "Oh I'm the rebellious one?" Finn chuckled. "Seems to me that you're the one who veritably came back from the dead for the sake of The Resistance." "To be fair so did you." "Yeah I guess. Uh where's Rey?" "I don't know, she was just outside with me." "Huh." "Maybe she just wanted to give us space." "For what, she's our friend too." "She kinda knows something about me that no one else does and I guess she wanted me to tell you in private because people like fucking with how safe I feel." I spoke quickly, only using one breath. "Well you're safe around me, I swear." "That's what the last person I told said. Uhm well a facet of it is that I'm bisexual." "Alright, cool, and?" "Well the most important part is that- that I'm...I'm in love with you, Finn." I could've sworn his eyes brightened. "I am too. In love with you! I mean! Not me..." Finn trailed off and smiled at his lap. "Really?" "This is all really new for me Poe, being allowed to experience emotion and all, I'm not going to joke about this." "Yeah yeah I get that I'm just surprised you know? Seems like you'd go more for Rey." "Eh, not really my type." "So what you like rugged and handsome?" "Nah. Just you." I felt warmth flood my cheeks and smiled at Finn. "Um, I fixed your jacket." I whispered. "It was your jacket first. Keep it." "No, no. I meant it, looks better on you." "Y'know you don't have to flirt with me when I've already said I love you." "It's fun though. So when you get out of here I'm taking you on a real and proper date, one hopefully without interruption from people who want to kill us." "That'd be nice." "Yeah, wouldn't it?" A knock on the door caused us to both look up. "So lover boys, we need to catch Finn up on what he missed." Rey sat down across from me, her eyes flicked to where our hands were still intertwined and she smiled. "You two are gonna make it, I can tell." She nodded affirmatively before launching into an explanation as to what The Resistance was planning.