“Coming, Anakin is,” Yoda croaked out, and yep, Obi-Wan could sense the equivalent of angry stomping that signified his former Padawan’s approach. Obi-Wan sighs. He’d been looking forward to relaxing, but he knows what’s coming. Anakin comes into view, and he looks even more pissed off than usual. “Oh, what did he do now ?” Obi-Wan asks. “I – they – remember the Death Star? Remember how it was a really stupid idea, both times, and killed a whole ton of innocent people?” Anakin replies. “Well, guess what the First Order and my idiot grandson think is an absolutely brilliant idea – making another fucking one! Only this one is an actual planet, and they’re planning on siphoning energy from the actual sun it’s orbiting and –” “I – no, this is – this is it. He’s not my grandson. I’m disowning him. Forget about – wait, what the…” Anakin trails off, looking somewhere into the distance. “Oh, you have got to be kidding me. That stupid little piece of sarlacc bait –” Without another word, he vanishes, and Obi-Wan just raises an eyebrow. “I just wish he’d turned out more like me than Anakin. They did name him after me, after all.” With a disgusted snort, Anakin appeared again. “He was asking that stupid burned-up mask for guidance,” he basically snarled. “Said he could feel my anger. Yeah – anger, at him , the ungrateful little – I swear, if I was alive, I’d Force-choke him, get rid of the stupid dyed hair, and haul him back to his parents. Then destroy that stupid helmet.” “Yours or his?” Obi-Wan asked. “Both,” Anakin replied. “Mine was there so people couldn’t see that my face looked like a bloated, disgusting puff, as well as help me see and breath, and he should not be acting like it’s some sort of religious object, and his is just stupid and useless and ugly. I would definitely destroy them both.” “If only he could see me, I would – yell at him. For the rest of his life. Such an idiot…” Anakin trailed off. “I’m just gonna – go and rage somewhere else. Bye.” With that, he disappeared again. “It is quite a pity he turned out like that,” Obi-Wan mused. “He had such promise.” Notes: My parents are dicks, but unfortunately, they're dicks I'm completely financially dependent on. Recently, they said that they wouldn't refund me for "non-essential" expenses, like using Uber. In light of that, I've set up a gofundme campaign (the link to which can be found here ). If you can donate, please do so. If you can't donate and have a tumblr, please help by reblogging.