//“Who hogs the blanket?”// Poe usually wakes up to find that Rey has taken the whole goddamn duvet and is curled up into a ball. Jakku may have been an oven multiplied by a thousand in the daytime, but sleeping out there at night without a blanket was like you were asking to get frostbite. Even after countless lessons on how Rey could control the temperature of the room via a little black pad with buttons on the wall, it was still natural instinct she would bundle herself with the whole blanket so no warmth escapes and no one steals it (which has happened before). Poe doesn’t mind, he carefully tries to take the some of the blanket back but this just leads to Rey nearly breaking his wrist, gracefully moving to straddle him, ready to fight for the duvet. It takes a couple of seconds for to realise that she wasn’t back in Jakku, fighting a blanket thief but in D’Qar, on base with Poe. Rey, flushing to a shade of light pink, mutters “I’m very sorry”, embarrassment flashing on her face as she settles back onto her side of the bed. Poe scoots closer her and putting one arm on her waist and rests into the crook of her neck, gently planting small kisses and mutters back “It’s okay.” //“Who eats the others uneaten pizza crusts?”// For the first time in her life, Rey has a choice in what she can eat and she’s chosen not to eat the pizza crusts. To her, it’s just plain bread and it’s just a more flavoursome version to the more dense bread she made back in Jakku. So after the first time Poe got them a pizza box, she tossed the crusts on the lid, thinking no more about it. “Do you not like the crusts?” Rey looked at Poe and shook her head. “The pizza bit is nice, though,” she said pecking him on the cheek as a way of thanks. “The crusts,” Poe started picking one Rey’s discarded ones “are like breadsticks attached to pizza. You can dip them in stuff like ranch or-“ “Okay then, I promise, anytime we eat pizza, you can have my crusts,” Rey said, grinning //“Who is the morning/night person?”// Neither of them are morning OR night people. After what Kylo Ren (or as Poe calls him, the “Darth Vader wannabe” douche bag) did to them, barging into their minds, their personal thoughts, they fell as if they let down their minds. Rey usually wakes up from a nightmare in a cold sweat and her hand automatically goes to where Poe should be sleeping. But he’s usually not. She lets out a sigh and pulls on worn out boots and walks in the direction of the hangar where a very tired looking Poe is 90% of the time working on his X-Wing. Rey hugs him from behind and mumbles, “Come back to bed,” in a whiney voice that makes Poe drop his tools and comply. "Wow, I’m must really be whipped", he thinks as Rey leads him back to bed yet another night. Notes: Hey guys! Hope you enjoy this. I enjoyed writing this! Follow my tumblr : maximoffsmjolnir.tumblr.com :) :* <3 Love ya!