Poe follows Rey toward the hangar where the Falcon is being repaired, listening intently as she excitedly details all the things she learned about piloting and repair from scavenging for nearly her entire life. He barely knows the woman, but he can tell Finn likes her, and he, well... he likes Finn. Quite a lot. They round the corner, and the cacophony that hits them as they enter nearly bowls Poe over. It's so loud it takes him a moment to process the visuals in front of him: His boyfriend—Poe's chest tightens at the memory of the night before, sitting close under the lush green canopy, sharing their first kiss, shy and chaste—his boyfriend blushing a deep maroon under his dark skin, eyes and mouth both incredulous and round. The wookie, once a figure more legendary than anything else, now come to toweringly tall life, shouting and wailing and gesturing emphatically with a wrench. R2-D2, beeping and whirring enthusiastically as he rolls over to greet Beebee. The two share what can only be described as a handless high five, obviously joking and congratulating each other. And lastly, C-3PO, looking more distraught than Poe has ever seen him, hopping awkwardly from foot to foot in his attempt to dodge Chewie's flailing arms, interrupting himself as he stumbles through translating for the increasingly agitated wookie, “Sir, he says—oh no, sir I cannot tell him that , it would be most—well, alright then, Master Chewbacca reports that Master Han once told him that it can feel very, ah, very pleasurable, sir, if done well.” “But—but—I—that's filthy .” Chewie roars, shaking his head in obvious exasperation. Poe hears a muffled snort behind him and turns to see Rey, Rey who he had completely forgotten about, turning redder and redder in a failed attempt to contain her laughter. “What did you do ?” he hisses, trying to decide if he's angry now, but she just thins her lips further and shakes her head. “He says, sir—and please do not be upset, I am merely translating—he says humans have hangups which are quite incomprehensible to him and furthermore, there is always bathing.” Artoo chirrups loudly, rocking back and forth a bit in his excitement. Understanding suddenly dawns on Poe and he can't hold it in any longer. “What are you doing? Who starts a sex talk with rimming ?” “Oh, excuse me, sir, we did not start there. Certainly not. We began, of course, with kissing, though when Finn reported he was already familiar with the practice, we moved on to manual and oral stimulation.” Poe whirls around to face Rey, eyes narrowing. “You did this. What did you do?” He wants to be angry, he thinks, but it's beyond ridiculous and Rey is laughing openly now, sagging helplessly against the hangar wall as huge guffaws wrack her short frame. He can't quite help the small smile quirking the corner of his mouth as he walks over to Finn to wrap the man securely in his arms. “I don't mind waiting,” he whispers. Things are loud enough he's not worried about being overheard, but he's not taking any chances, either. Finn turns in the embrace to nuzzle indiscreetly at Poe's throat, but the pilot, determined to get this out, keeps talking. “And we don't—nothing you're not comfortable with, we don't have to do that-” “But we could?” Finn asks, directly into his mouth. Oh. Notes: You can reblog this , if you're into that kind of thing.