… The eye-shield is of a decent enough quality, at least, no doubt getting its impenetrable black color from crushed manganese or chromium stirred in while the glass was still molten-hot. But the rest of the helmet is pure – “Scrap,” Rey announces. She swipes a businesslike thumb over its gouges, pings a fingernail off the dulled metal plating. “Plutt would’ve called this a battered old can and given me three rations for it.” “Then you might have informed your junkboss that unsolicited opinions are not an accepted form of currency on most planets.” “Most?” “I’ve heard it from a good authority that Corellia is an exception.” (His voice always has a certain close, deep-reaching quality, creating its own terse stillness like a gathered storm and sparking off the back of her neck. That must be something he’s practiced, Rey decides. It matches his savage temper far too well.) She tilts the helmet forward until its glass mirrors a pale face behind her, catching the humorless expression and the burn scar scything down between his eyes. He stands just outside her reach, far enough away that no loose threads from his mind or heart – some mechanical flaw has given it a stuttered, triple-time beat – will be erringly tangled around hers. He holds himself in an upright posture of well-disciplined pain, while all that black clothing makes him the only other dark thing in this bright room around them. (She recalls the lightsaber with its fractured crystal, its blade pulsing like raw nerves beneath the pressure of self-containment) “Ah. That reminds me –” Rey pushes a switch to watch the helmet unlock “—did you ever script out that ridiculous villain’s talk, beforehand? Nobody really tells their prisoner a line like ‘you’re my guest’ without having already planned to say it.” “No,” he answers. His reflection in the dark glass does not change. “I’m afraid reckless improvisation happens to be yet another aspect of the family legacy.” Rey turns toward him, then. The Jedi robes feel shroud-heavy where they hang off her arms and back, the lightsaber a strange weight on her belt. She looks away from the helmet in her hands, which he had once made to absorb any light that might’ve otherwise passed through it: why had he asked to keep this? They’d granted him permission, in that spirit of indulgent pity usually reserved for the condemned, but everything else had been burned at his behest. (“Take off that mask. You don’t need it.”) And freed from his brittle-black armor, Ben Solo – Kylo Ren of the First Order, descendant of Anakin Skywalker, recent slayer of Darth Plagueis under the rather unflattering pseudonym Supreme Leader Snoke – has turned out to be nothing but a gaunt, hollowed-out man who would be slightly too tall for his prison cell’s bed if he ever actually slept on it. (“What do you think you’ll see, if I do?”) Some days Rey will look at him and think of General Leia, of Master Luke, of Finn and Poe and of Han’s body falling away through soundless-empty space. She’ll think about closing her power around that defective heart like a fist and then holding it there as he dies. He’d probably let her do it. (”The face of my son.”) At such moments she will have to go out, lay down flat on one of D’Qar’s soft hillsides, and shut her eyes until she can feel its valleys rolling through the curve of her spine. She’ll root her fingers knuckle-deep in the moss and think, this is still here because of him. She has been able to keep her green and growing second life, assembled with various pieces taken from the first, and this is partially owed to the choices he’d made for himself in the end: he’d killed the last Sith Lord with her, after all, his sword driving in alongside hers, the space between their bodies seeming to shiver like the air above a fire. Afterwards, neither of them had been certain who’d struck first. They’ve both decided separately that it does not matter much. Then Rey will also remember how she loves General Leia, and she loves Master Luke, and she loves Han as her memory has preserved him, and all of them – for whatever mysterious, abiding reasons – love Ben. (“Your son is gone. He was weak and foolish, like his father, so I destroyed him.”) And she’s a Kenobi, whatever that’s worth, the last Kenobi and a Jedi besides: although no Jedi teachings have ever properly, formally answered just where between the Light and the Dark a repentant executioner might set down his despair. But she’s also Rey, and has been only Rey for much longer than she’s been anybody else. If nobody can show her, then she’ll simply have to figure it out for herself. So here she is. (At the very least, she might get the chance to crack a punch against that long, stately nose.) “…Well, obviously,” Rey says, finally. “That’s why my legacy comes down to the simple matter of keeping yours from doing anything too abysmally stupid – or doing too many stupid things at once, anyway. You’ve got to pace them out over a lifetime.” And wearing the terrible scar she’d opened across his face, his eyes still somehow masked from her despite all the light both in this cell and in his mind, a corner of Ben Solo’s mouth twists to form a smile. “Worthy advice, Master.” (Black glass, Rey thinks again. It starts out as sand and dust and metal, but then again a white-hot fire can change the shape of almost anything.) … Notes: I know there’s a 99.99% chance that Kylo Ren will die redeeming himself, if he redeems himself at all, but I am also 101% sure that I will go on a rampage if they make Leia Organa any sadder than she already is. So for now, I’ll live in a world where she gets some sense of peace eventually.