"She's really pink." Ben doesn't know what else to say. What else is supposed to say? She's really pink. She looks like a shriveled sun-apple. "She came a long way," Mom says, smiling down at Ben's new sister. "In under 12 parsecs," Father adds, grinning. Ben has never seen his father smile like that. He looks at his sister, trying to figure out what is so great about her, when she grabs his finger. It doesn't feel like much, barely the pull of a thread, but her tiny fingers are warm and Ben doesn't want to move his own to loosen hers. "That's your big brother Ben," Mom says, she sounds like she's smiling. "He'll look out for you," Father adds again, like they practiced it. Ben's baby sister keeps holding his finger, until finally Ben has to gently pull her loose. *** Ben doesn't like being on the Falcon. It makes him feel uneasy, but Bre likes crawling around in every hole she can find. Which is fine, except when Ben is watching her. If she were normal she'd be interested in her toys. Both their parents are gone, Mom on diplomatic garbage, and Father doing... something, Ben wasn't paying attention. He made a joke about leaving three children behind when he left the Falcon. Ben wants to kick something, but Bre gleefully sticks her finger in a grated vent and he has to scoop her up instead to keep her from electrocuting herself or losing a limb. "If you don't stop it, I'm going to make C-3PO babysit," Ben threatens. Bre blows her lips together and laughs and then tries to climb him like a tree. He puts her down and sighs, watching her scoot to one section and the next, until he hears grown-up feet on the gangplank. Ben doesn't think it's his father, but he isn't sure how he'd know, so he walks to check, peeking around the corner. There's another boy there, looking up at the interior of the Falcon with wide-eyed admiration, he's wearing one of the old Rebel Alliance jackets, that looks loose and weird like it was made for a woman. "Damn," he says and Ben fights a smile, because no one swears like that around him. "Damn, damn, damn ." "You know you're trespassing," Ben says and then finally the other kid notices him and laughs. "Shit, sorry, I--" He quickly reverts it back on Ben with a quirked eyebrow. "Aren't you trespassing?" "No," Ben says. "This is my ship." His smile is easy. "Pretty impressive for a kid." Ben frowns at him. " You're a kid." "Nah," the kid says and fluffs up his jacket a little. "I'm Poe Dameron." Poe's obviously older than Ben (a little), but not taller, except he seems to carry his height better than Ben's been managing. Lately Ben feels like every object in his path is aimed at his shins. "Ben," Ben says, and then forces himself to add, "Solo." "No shit?" Poe says. "I mean, no way. No way. No way!" "What are you doing here?" Ben asks, crossing his arms over his chest. "Visiting. My Dad's coordinating a resistance mission and I cut loose to check out the shipyard. Had to see the Millennium Falcon ." He skims his hand across the metal of the hull and smiles like he's remembering something. Ben feels suddenly warm. Poe turns towards him and smiles, bright and wide. "So Benji, can I get a tour? My friends back home are going to pee themselves when I tell them I've been on the Falcon." "My name is Ben ," Ben says, frowning at him. "Okay." Poe holds up his hands in surrender. Ben feels... weird, but he's not sure what it is and has no time to think about it as he hears a thunk from across the cargo hatch. He rushes to find his sister. *** "Stop it--stop it!" Ben tries to pull his sister off from the way she's fisting her hands in his hair. "Well if you didn't let it get that long, Ben," his father says with a throaty chuckle. "Get her off me!" Ben commands and his father takes a step like his foot has a mind of its own. There's a catch in Ben's throat and his father is looking at him like he's a new carbon score on the Falcon. Then Bre starts pulling his hair again and screeching in his ear and he winces and the chuckle is weaker now, but it's still there. The noise festers in Ben's chest worse than Bre's stupid screaming. *** "Ben." Ben's mother sounds like she's talking to politician. He hates that voice. "General," he replies. She purses her lips, cocks her head at him. "Ben." "Mom," he gives her, but still uses the same bite. "You have the Force, Ben," she says, but now she's talking like his mother and Ben feels himself give a little. He doesn't want to, but he feels like since he shot up half a meter, everything is awkward, not just the way he moves. "I..." Ben trails off, but it's Mom looking at him, not General Organa, so his voice stupidly cracks like its been doing lately and it all tumbles out. "I don't know how I did that, I didn't mean to, but Bre was pulling my hair and I just--" "You have the Force, Ben," Mom says, and places a hand on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze. "It can be a gift, but it's one this family carries like a curse." "Like Darth Vader," Ben says. "Or should I call him Grandfather?" "Ben," Mom says, but her hand doesn't leave his shoulder. "You--" He has too much Vader in him. That's what Ben's father said. Too much Vader. Ben wasn't sure if there was fear in his old man's voice or disgust. His lip quivers and he's angry and he wants to hit his fists into the bed, but his mother pulls him bodily into her arms and strokes the back of his head. "So did Luke," she says, soothingly. Somewhere deep in the Force, Ben feels the shift as she talks about his Uncle instead of thinking of her father. She named Bre after her adoptive mother Breha. It wasn't like anyone called Ben, Anakin. He only heard stories about him from Uncle Luke. Luke Skywalker had the Force in a way that spun toys around to make Bre laugh. Darth Vader had the Force that shattered mountains, destroyed planets... destroyed his mother's planet. He has too much Vader in him. Ben gripped his mother back, hiding the angry, hot tears in her clothes. "It's okay, Ben," his mother lied. "... you have the Force. I'll think of something." *** At first it's great. At first it's so great Ben doesn't miss his mother, his sister, his father, or even Chewbacca. At first, Ben feels like finally he fits in at a place and wants to learn every single thing that his uncle can teach him. At first it's great. Then it isn't. Ben feels like he did when he first shot up in height. The elation of being taller lasted only as long as his balance did. He couldn't seem to figure out his new limbs. They were always longer than he was used to, too tall for what he was expecting or prepared for. The Force is like that. Once Ben knows he has, once he uses it, it expands around him and becomes addictive--he wants more. He wants to feel the Force around him and bend it to his will... but then it's too much. Ben has friends at first, until he hurts one in a training session. It was an accident. Uncle Luke understands, spends more time with him, but instead of enjoying the attention, Ben hates it. He feels like he's the outcast kid who can't handle himself and needs extra help from the teacher. He feels like when his father gives him that look when he mixes up a hydrospanner with a crest-wrench. Ben feels like he's failing every time Luke frowns. Every time he's more his teacher than his uncle. Ben misses home. Ben hates it here. Ben tells no one. Because he doesn't have anyone to tell. *** Sometimes his father picks him up. Sometimes his mother. Once Uncle Lando. Ben feels out of place every time he steps down where they're at--it keeps changing. The Resistance is forming, his mother is needed. There's always a room for Ben, but it isn't his room. Not anymore. "How's it going, kid?" his father asks, and jostles his hair. He's trying too hard. Ben can tell something is wrong, it only makes him frown at him. "Fine," Ben snaps. "Ben," his father says. It's not a warning, because he doesn't know how to talk to him like that. Ben can feel that too, the more he trains, the more he can tell that his father doesn't feel like he can be his father. Maybe he doesn't even want to. "I need to practice," Ben says, "Jedi stuff. The Force." His father looks at him, frowning like he doesn't understand. And Ben tries to give him his best disappointed face, because Han Solo can't figure it out for once, and then turns away. *** Poe's been making Ben feel weird every time he crosses paths with him. At first its jealousy, Ben thinks, at the way Poe carries himself. He makes friends with everyone he meets, he learns their names, and is instantly invited into all the things Ben wants to go to. Except then he invites Ben too. Poe Dameron is like sitting next to the heater during a cold night. Step away and Ben's cold again. Ben's thirteen and Poe's sixteen, wearing a flight suit and training for the academy admission he's been yearning for, and then Ben gets it. Poe's nice and charming and it makes sense. And Ben wants to throw himself off a cliff. Luckily for him, he has to go back to Yavin. There are plenty of cliffs there. "Fwoosh," Poe says, imitating the saber that Ben still can't put together. He can flatten rocks, he can crack the foundation of a building, he can pull out fissures from the endless schism of the ceiling of a cave. Ben can do a lot with the Force, but he can't put a saber together. "It doesn't sound like that," Ben says, because it doesn't. "What color you going with? Orange?" Poe asks, smirking. He's already looking across the landing pad at a girl with short hair laughing. Ben wonders if he likes her, but Poe seems to like everyone. "Blue," Ben says. Like Luke's first saber. Like Anakin Skywalker. Sometimes Ben dreams about him, the way he held himself as a Jedi and then as a Sith. Anakin Skywalker was probably like Poe, at ease with everyone and everything, even both sides of the Force. Poe looks at him, squinting through one eye and then nods, and slaps his shoulder. "Suggest a uniform change too. Although not too cool, can't out style our pilots." "That might be difficult unless we switch to garbage bags," Ben says, although he regrets it. And then Poe laughs like it startles him and Ben doesn't regret anything. "Nice one, Solo," Poe says and nudges him. "Although don't try that twice. Might have to defend my honor." "Ben," Ben reminds him, fighting the heat on his cheeks. Poe nods. "You're going to be a great Jedi. Probably change the face of the war." Poe was probably going to be the face of the war. Ben could see him on posters. Before he can manage to say that, before he can get the words around the warm tight feeling in his chest, Poe turns his head and waves to the girl with the short hair. She makes an obvious scoff even if they can't hear it and then flips a rude gesture in his direction. Poe grins. "Have to watch for the competition," he says to Ben, like they're sharing secrets. "Yeah," Ben says. "I know what you mean." *** Ben's hands fumble with the saber hilt and it cracks at the base. His uncle, his master, his teacher, places a hand on his shoulder and squeezes. "Take it easy, Ben. You'll get there." He thinks he's helping, but he's making it worse. One of the other students giggle under their breath. Ben Solo, grandson to Anakin Skywalker, can't even put together his own lightsaber. Ben stares at him until Luke pulls back. Master Luke always gets this look on his face when Ben gives the silent treatment or moves a certain way. They all think Ben doesn't know why. *** "I can show you a thing or two, sure," Poe says. "Best pilot in the resistance, you know." "Like how my father's the best smuggler in the galaxy?" Ben's being sarcastic, but Poe grins at him. "Exactly." "He doesn't even smuggle any more," Ben says. "Then no one's beaten his record," Poe retorts, not missing a beat. He's better at everything. "You sure you want the competition?" Ben asks. He's trying to sound like he's not, someone Poe might want to spend more time with. Poe nudges him and nods. "I think I can handle it." Poe takes him through basic landing and lift off. He jokes less, but he's still as friendly, more serious as he moves Ben's fingers to the right position. "Must be genetic, you're a natural," Poe says. He sounds like he means it. Ben feels good at something for maybe the first time since he started training to be a Jedi. "I need to fly myself back and forth sometimes, maybe," he says, quickly before he can't get it out. "You should come visit me," Poe says. "I'll show you new moves and you'll be flying circles around those other Jedi." "Won't the best pilot in the resistance be too busy?" Ben asks. "Oh, Benji," Poe says, "I'll always have time for you." Ben kicks him in the shin and Poe slaps his leg in return and then they shove each other a little and for a brief second it feels like the rough housing could turn into something else, because Ben's taller now and older, and Poe's serious but smiling and maybe if Ben leaned down a little-- Then the moment passes. Poe gives him a friendly, but also hard, punch in the arm, and then points to the readout. "The trick with the fuselage is a little different on this model. Know your ship and all the troubles in the galaxy will disappear." "It's just that easy?" Ben asks warily, but finds himself smiling. "It's just that easy," Poe agrees. Ben believes he believes that, but that's as far as he'll go. *** Poe's hair is longer, it flips to one side when he shakes his head. "Your sister is a menace," he says. "I've been saying that for years," Ben says. His clothes itch. Uncle Luke doesn't make them wear uniforms, but Ben tries to get close to what the holocrons look like. He's trying. He's always trying. "Stop trying to dislocate the power converter," Poe says slowly, like that'll help Bre understand. "She's not stupid," Ben says. He doesn't like disagreeing with Poe, but his sister is smart. Smart enough that they think she's like Ben. That she might come to Yavin too. Ben'll need to look out for her. He might as well start now, it's the only time he feels like he fits in the family. "I'm not stupid," Bre agrees, crossing her small arms over her chest. She looks stupid, so Ben tries not to laugh. "You'll electrocute yourself," Poe says. "Then we'll have to call you the Power Array." Ben's baby sister makes that face, the scrunched up indignation that makes her look more like their father's daughter than Ben has ever felt as his son. "That's not my name!" Poe laughs, easy, limitless, his mouth stretching and all his teeth out, showing only the small expanse of pink tongue. "Why not? It's a good name. I like it, we could call you Arry for short." "Or Rey," Ben finds himself saying, accidentally. He hates himself for letting it slip, but then suddenly Poe is looking at him with half of that same smile. "Good one, Benji." Ben feels his own face make that scowl, although he's never been told he resembles his father when he's annoyed. "Stop calling me that." "Okay, Master Benji?" Poe teases and Ben shoves him. Poe laughs and slings an easy arm around Ben's shoulders and Ben wants to spontaneously combust, but stiffens instead. "Sorry," Poe says and drops his arm from around him. His smile is an apology. Do it again, Ben thinks, but nothing comes out. "It's fine," Ben says, instead. "Luke Skywalker is the only Jedi Master alive." "Oh," Poe says, and frowns. "I thought my arm bugged you." "No," Ben says. "I'm not..." "Bennnnnn," Bre says, tugging on his pantleg. "Tell me." She can say complete sentences (and does, all the time, and usually loudly), but if she wants Ben to tell her a story, she only says it like that. Probably because she knows it works. He wants to shove her off his leg, but that would probably look bad. "She wants a story," he explains. "I could do with a story," Poe says, smiling. This time the smile is easy and curls in a way that makes Ben's stomach twist. "I... haven't you heard all the stories?" "Tell me one I don't know," Poe says. Bre nods eagerly and keeps tugging on his pants, so hard that Ben has to grab them to keep them from going down. "Yeah okay, I... there's this one I heard, about my grandfather, when he was a Jedi." "Bail Organa was a Jedi?" Poe asks, he's still smiling like he's waiting for the punchline. "Anakin Skywalker," Ben says, "Darth Vader." "Is that a story she should hear?" Poe's suddenly serious now. It's as uncomfortable as when he's laughing. Ben thinks serious might be worse. "He's her grandfather too," Ben says. "Yeah, but... I mean, he's... damn, Ben," Poe says. "Can't you think of anything else?" Ben tries and fails not to look hurt or flustered, so then he gets angry. Bre stumbles a little as he leaves, as she still clings to the side of his pants and tries to keep up. *** Ben tries to show his mother and father around. His mother switches from being happy to see him and her brother to being swept away by all the pieces Luke's collected from the original Jedi. The ones of the tales. Ben's father spends the entire time with his arms crossed and Bre near him with her arms crossed too. He only smiles when he looks down and notices what she's doing. "What do you think, Breha? This your type of place?" Bre shakes her head, because she can sense that's the answer he wants. Their father chuckles, like he's won something, but Ben knows he's lost what he really wanted. *** "She's not old enough," Ben's mother says, when she thinks Ben's asleep. "Ben was too old," Ben's father says, "So looks like we can't win unless we send them away." "Han, that is not what I'm trying to do." "We already pushed away one kid, Leia. Why do we have to offload this one? I like this one, she can hand me the right tool already." "You can't even hand yourself the right tool." Ben frowns at the ceiling of the tent they've set up for the night (Master Luke likes them moving around a lot, to see all the planet for what it is). Bre fell asleep on his side, pressed into it and is breathing slow and steady. She's small like this. Fragile. Ben wonders if she hates being like that. "I'm not sending my daughter off to nowhere, she's not even five!" "I'm not saying now ," their mother says, "but maybe a little. To start her off, Luke says that if Ben had more time with him when he was younger then maybe..." Ben's heart pounds in his chest, angry tears prick at his eyes. He knows what her next words are before she even says them. "Maybe he'd be better at this." "Or maybe he'd be home," Ben's father mutters, but Ben can barely hear him. If Bre wasn't sleeping on him, he'd bring the entire tent down, tear it to shreds and throw the posts at them. That he knew he could do. *** Ben hears a voice one night. It's slow, easy, and inviting. He feels uneasy, but when he hears it the next night, Ben talks back. He closes his eyes and pretends he's talking to his grandfather about all the mysteries of the Force. For a moment, underneath the stars of Yavin, Ben feels good in a way he can't even remember. He feels right. *** The more Ben listens, the better he gets. He builds a saber, but never has a chance to finish it, before his work is disrupted by the other students--they still laugh at him, they have no idea what he can do. One night, sometime after the fuzz on his face starts to itch badly, Ben asks the voice how he can really get better... how he can be the best. "Do you really want to know?" the voice asks. "Do you truly wish to know what you are capable of and achieve the greatness you have earned? Do you wish to truly understand the power of the Force?" Sometimes the power felt like it was burning him from the inside out. Anakin Skywalker had burned. Somewhere his remains were buried in the soft soil of Endor. "Yes," Ben says, he's never been more sure of anything. "Show me." *** Falling is easy. Falling is drowning in air. Falling is letting go of the torment that carries him. Falling is shoving away the pain. The voice has a name now, and Ben's new master is true. He's right. Ben's new master shows him more than his Jedi master, his uncle, ever could. *** Bre's there. She's not supposed to be. Ben tastes blood, sweat, and hears tears. It isn't until they're hers that he takes her hand and walks up the gangplank of the ship. Kill her. Ben thinks. Ben knows he should. She's powerful. She's the granddaughter of Anakin Skywalker. "Ben," Bre says, and sniffs. Ben picks her up and puts her in a closet, ignoring the screaming as she bangs against the door. He takes off in the ship with ease, he's finally a pilot his father would be proud of. That thought makes him laugh. The laughing drowns out the screaming. *** "I'll take the kitty for this," the scavenger says. "I should charge you more, but you're--well, don't want to bother the Knights of Ren, do I?" Ben's hands shake and he can't get them to stop, but he has to, because--he can't be Ben. He isn't Ben. He'll have to be something else. Something... stronger. Better. Something that worked. Ben was weak. He didn't want to be weak and fragile anymore. "Kitty's not my name," his sister says, full of anger and fear. It fills Ben's senses, it feels the same as the Jedi who fell. It feels like power and strength and he should take her with him and train her--or end her as a threat--or-- "Rey," he finds himself saying, against all odds as he touches her hair and then shoves her into the arms of the dealer, "her name is Rey ." The Force is so easy now, it slams the word into her mind, erasing everything else. Ben turns away from her, his universe slipping back into ease and power and rightness. His legacy finally approaching. His sister screams for him. And Ben stays with her. But Kylo Ren leaves.