Captain Phasma “Now you’re a can opener: metal and shiny and taciturn.” -Tom Servo, Mystery Science Theater 3000 “Speech: Platform Posture and Appearance” She had sent FN-2187 for reconditioning, and really, that was all she could have done. Hux did not place any blame on her; even Ren did not fault her. Nevertheless, and although she made no statement claiming responsibility, Phasma felt as if Poe Dameron’s escape was somehow her fault. She should have had FN-2187 imprisoned until his reconditioning was complete, or she should have had him terminated altogether. She had known FN-2187 was weak, no matter what Hux claimed about the infallibility of his Stormtroopers. They were still human beings, not droids, despite how they looked in their armor. They could still be weak. She could still be weak, she knew, which was why she never stopped training, never stopped trying to better herself. Captain Phasma believed that a good soldier was never satisfied with herself, and she was a good soldier. A good soldier would not have allowed him to escape. She did not need any superior to tell her that; Phasma told it to herself often enough. It was not even FN-2187’s fault. He was deficient, thrown from a routine if distasteful position in sanitation straight into the task of decimating a village of people whom a weak man might see as innocents. (They were not innocent, of course, if they supported the Resistance. But a weak man might misunderstand, just as he might be swayed by a handsome Resistance pilot with restive dark eyes. Or a weak man might just need a pilot if he wanted to betray the First Order by running away.) Phasma should never have put FN-2187 in that position. She should have left him where he belonged, in sanitation. Working with the. . . trash compactors. (Damn him. Damn sanitation.) I knew better. I knew on Jakku. I knew when I saw him with his helmet off, without permission. She had known better, and even if no one blamed her and her superiors did not punish her, she got her retribution. Phasma believed in the Force. She had seen it answer the beck and call of Kylo Ren, but she had believed in it before that, too. Even Captain Phasma had been a little girl once, and she had heard fairy tales of fair maidens and handsome princes and dark villains. Fairy tales of the Force. She believed the stories, but she liked the villains best, and when Phasma acted out the tales, the fair maiden chose the Dark and spurned the handsome prince (who was always blue-eyed and rather like an older Hux if she were to be honest, while the evil overlord was the one with black hair and brown eyes and the snarky attitude that was deplorable in a Stormtrooper but quite acceptable in a Resistance pilot). In the fairy tales, the Force was always used by the Light, but then the little girl grew up, and Phasma saw that it could serve the Dark just as well. The girl became a woman, and the woman became a soldier, and the soldier became Captain Phasma who knew the Force was a tool, neither inherently good nor bad, Light nor Dark. But she still believed in its power, and in the spiritual balance of cause and effect which rewarded those who deserved it, and punished those who deserved that . Phasma saw herself as a tool of a tool, a minion of the Force, so she enjoyed being the one to punish on its behalf (such as, for instance, sending a recalcitrant Stormtrooper to reconditioning). But Phasma expected no less from herself than from those under her command, and she knew her own failure would be punished in turn. And it had been, by FN-2187 no less. The Force, blind tool it may be, had a sense of irony. But she accepted the punishment, the humiliation of being bested by a traitor and an old man and a Wookiee (a Wookiee !), because she would emerge stronger. Her punishment taught her something, chiseled another little sliver of weakness out of her so that when she escaped (the trash compactor and the base), she would never again be distracted. No man, however handsome and dashing and so like her ideal evil overlord except for being on the wrong side, would occupy her thoughts, so that she failed to check up on FN-2187’s reconditioning, to track him and make sure he was obeying orders. Yes, she had learned, and even this was part of her training, as was her escape. But Captain Phasma was not turning traitor, and she was not running away. She was being a good soldier, saving— preserving herself for the First Order. And she was not still thinking about those restive dark eyes. She had more important things to think about than Poe Dameron. Ben Solo Kylo Ren “And I’ve seen your loving, But mine is gone, And I’ve been in trouble.” -Muse, “Plug In Baby” Impressive. That was a good word for Poe Dameron. Impressive. He’d never shown fear—and that wasn’t just bravado, a show of cockiness before the pain started, either. Because Dameron hadn’t broken down with the pain either, hadn’t given up the map’s location then—hadn’t given it up at all until Kylo went in and took it. And he had liked taking it because there was just so much in that mind. Dameron wasn’t just a pretty face (although it certainly was) or a lunk-headed flyboy only following orders. He was fearsomely intelligent, inventive, imaginative. Impressive. There was no wonder why General Organa valued him most out of all her pilots. And Kylo did not want to think about General Organa. She had been there, in Dameron’s mind, but Kylo had brushed past her. She disappointed Kylo, of course, but not the way Han Solo had. After all, Leia was Kylo’s connection to his revered grandfather, and Vader’s blood beat in her veins. Kylo was able to dismiss her without the blinding hatred he felt when he thought of his father. (And when the Light, the longing invariably came, he was able to forgive himself for still loving Leia Organa. However, Kylo Ren’s love for Han Solo, as blinding as his hated, was unforgivable.) But when Kylo moved past General Organa in Poe Dameron’s mind, he found himself. Or rather, he found an awkward, dark-haired young man with features not nearly regular enough to be the child of Leia Organa and Han Solo. He had known who Dameron was, vaguely, and Dameron knew who he was: the son of his General Organa, near his age, quiet, rumored to be haughty but perhaps just shy. Kylo had studied the open, friendly face that smiled at him, especially the brown eyes with their low lids and black lashes, and the hair just a shade lighter than Kylo’s own. There was a slightly exotic tinge to Poe’s looks, but otherwise, he might have been Han and Leia’s child instead of Kylo. Poe had certainly been handsome enough. Then and now. So yes, Kylo had been jealous, had disliked Dameron on sight despite being made slightly breathless, and he had assumed Dameron disliked him in return, that the warm smile was a front put on to please General Organa. But what Kylo found in Dameron’s mind showed that that hadn’t been the case. Poe had liked him—or had wanted to like him. Kylo never let him. Kylo didn’t narrate Dameron’s thoughts to him. He liked to do that when he read minds. It reminded his victims— subjects of his power, and it often embarrassed them, hearing their innermost secrets spoken in Kylo’s deep voice (which didn’t sound so out of place spoken through the helmet, he had discovered) in the politely curious, wondering tone he adopted as he murmured to them. But he didn’t want to describe himself through Dameron’s eyes, or to see those half-lidded, space-dark eyes open wide at hearing the memory spoken. Instead, Kylo had plowed forward, not exploring anymore but instead shoving his way through Dameron’s mind until he found the memory he needed: the map leaving Poe’s small but strong hand (as well-formed as the rest of him) for its new hiding place within a little droid Poe loved. (His buddy, Dameron called it. He thought of his navigation droid as his buddy. He loved his droid like he might a particularly intelligent pet or a small child. Was there nothing about the man that wasn’t perfect?) And Poe’s lovely dark eyes clenched shut instead of opened wide, his lips drew back to reveal his (smooth and white) clenched teeth, sweat broke out on his brow and ran into the wounds on his face to mix with the blood there. The previous attempts to wrest his secret from him had hurt, and he hadn’t given in. This hurt too, but Dameron no longer had the option of resisting. Kylo took the knowledge he needed, and he left Dameron there for the Stormtroopers to deal with. (A mistake, in retrospect, but he couldn’t have known.) What if Kylo had delved further into Dameron’s memories? He did wonder what Poe had thought when he heard that the general had sent her son away for training. That something had happened. That something had gone wrong. Very few knew what had happened to the general’s son. Very few knew the true identity of Kylo Ren. Having only skimmed his mind, Kylo had no idea if Poe Dameron was among those few, and he wondered what Dameron had thought or would think of him now. Poe wouldn’t, didn’t like him now, and that had been all the more reason to keep the mask—the “apparatus”—between them. Even bruised and bloodied, Dameron was beautiful, as beautiful as the Light in all its seductiveness. And Kylo was not. He wasn’t as angry as he might have been when Dameron escaped—at least not angry at Poe. Poe was doing what anyone would have expected him to do. (The traitor though. . . . The thought that someone would leave Kylo’s command, would turn on him, was as infuriating as it was inconceivable.) Dameron had been angry at him though. Kylo thought about how those brown eyes had looked at him, smoldering with anger almost as they might smolder when filled with desire. Kylo’s own eyes never smoldered. They only glared. Poe Dameron was impressive. And then he was escaped, and then he was gone. The stolen TIE fighter had crashed on Jakku, and the traitor FN-2187 had found the droid and the girl, and perhaps Dameron was dead, and perhaps he wasn’t. If Kylo Ren had been a more careful man, he might have been concerned. Poe Dameron was in a superposition of states: at once dead and alive, until one state or the other was confirmed. If Dameron still lived, the First Order would have a chance to recapture him. There was little information they needed from him now, but he could still do plenty of damage if left free. (And if Kylo ever did want to delve further into that complex mind and explore the memories it contained, Dameron would be at hand.) But Kylo Ren was not particularly careful. Instead of being concerned, Kylo put Poe out of his mind and turned his attentions to the traitor and the droid and the girl, that damnable girl. He had more important things to think about than Poe Dameron. FN-2187 Finn “We are trying to find not errors but truths, and for this it helps to believe.” -Peter Elbow, Writing without Teachers He’d told Rey she was the first to look at him like a human being, but that wasn’t quite right. Poe had done that too—not quite in the first instant after Finn pulled off his helmet, but soon, right after Poe had neatly cut through his bullshitting, and Finn had admitted he needed a pilot. They were alike in those respects, Rey and Poe: both saw him as human, and both saw through him—and liked him anyway. And Finn liked them. Rey flummoxed him—he had never been around women before except for Phasma, and she was something completely different—but he felt comfortable with Poe from the start. They had worked well together in the TIE fighter, once they figured out the kinks, and Finn had felt like a part of him had been ripped away when the wreckage sank. All he had left of his first friend was that jacket. . . well, the jacket and BB-8, but BB-8 seemed to prefer Rey, and Finn still had a bit of a mark on his leg where the droid had tased him. Finn had never for a moment entertained the hope that Poe was still alive. He wasn’t even sure it was true when he was back at the Resistance base, looking right at Poe as the pilot climbed down from his X-Wing—that is, until BB-8 nearly bowled Finn over on his way to his master. Poe’s dark eyes had lit up at the sight of his little buddy, and he’d crouched down to greet him. And then he’d glanced up, and those eyes had lit again because he saw Finn. They’d stared at each other across the short distance between them, and Finn realized Poe had thought he was dead too. The expression of joy and sheer relief on Poe’s face cut through the anguish Finn was feeling over Rey’s capture. Poe was his first friend ever , even if they were only together a short while, and Finn felt a bit guilty that he’d forgotten it. But mostly he was just happy: Poe was alive. Then Poe was in his arms, real and solid and very much alive, and Finn felt guilty again, this time that he could be so happy while Rey was in danger. So he asked Poe for help, again. Every time he sees me, I’m asking him for something. And he always says yes. Another reason to feel guilty, even though Poe’s smile said he didn’t mind, said he’d do anything for the friend he’d accepted and trusted right from the start. Finn tamped down his guilt—he was getting good at doing that—and started explaining what had happened to Rey. He had more important things to think about than Poe Dameron. BB-8 “It's been a long day without you, my friend, And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again. We've come a long way from where we began. Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again.” -Wiz Khalifa, “See You Again” It was going to be all right. BB-8 had had his doubts. He’d trusted Rey immediately, but Finn. . . even after Finn explained, he was still wearing Poe’s jacket, and he kept wearing Poe’s jacket. BB-8 eventually trusted him because Rey trusted him, he wasn’t sure until Poe gave him the jacket, and then it was okay. Then there was the older man—the Solo—and the scary Wookiee. The Solo called him “ball,” and the Wookiee growled and snarled, but in the end, that was okay too. Because Rey trusted them, and then Poe trusted them. If Poe liked somebody, they were good as far as BB-8 was concerned. Poe had always made the little droid feel important and special. Not all the other pilots called their droids “buddy,” after all. But BB-8 had never felt more important than he did once Poe entrusted the map to him. Even BB-8 knew who Luke Skywalker was—master of those venerable droids C-3PO and R2-D2!—and his buddy had given him the map to where Master Skywalker was hiding. BB-8 had had doubts then, too, but Poe said he would come back, and that was good enough for BB-8. It had hurt to leave Poe, and it hurt even more when a large explosion made the droid stop and look back. What if that explosion was Poe ? But no, Poe had said he would come back for BB-8, and Poe never lied. Ever. It hurt, but BB-8 knew Poe wanted him to be brave. So he was brave. Then there was Rey and Finn and the jacket. And the Solo and the Wookie and the orange lady with the funny eyes, and then Rey was gone, and then home, and then—oh then, there was Poe! (BB-8 hadn’t meant to knock Finn in the leg, but Finn was in the way .) Then there was flying and fighting again, and BB-8 was a little worried but not doubtful at all, because Poe was the best pilot in the entire galaxy, and he would do his job and they’d go home. Then there was the map, and R2-D2’s bigger map, and BB-8 felt like a very important droid indeed helping his idol show them all just where to find Master Skywalker. (And it was nice hearing C-3PO call R2-D2 his “dear friend,” because Poe was his dear friend, and if BB-8 was in low power mode a long time, Poe would miss him too.) (Even though BB-8 would never call Poe the name R2-D2 called C-3PO, and even if he did, Poe wouldn’t hit him.) (And even though sometimes BB-8 didn’t think “dear friend” meant quite the same for those two droids as it did for him and Poe, but they were very old droids and he was very young, as C-3PO must have realized when BB-8 asked him about it, and the protocol droid said he would explain when BB-8 was older.) And now R2-D2 was going with Rey and the Wookiee to find Master Luke and bring him home. BB-8 was sad to see his idol and Rey leave, but he knew they would be all right. Because everything would be all right. Everything would be all right, because BB-8 was with Poe Dameron. And nothing was more important than Poe Dameron. -- The End Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the BenPoe Canon series Next Work →