no song for the choir Rey sputtered. “You tried to Force-choke me. To death , you dickhead.” “Come now, Rey,” Ben cajoled. “I’d never choke you without your consent.” The scavenger looked towards the ceiling, face calm but ears burning red. All Rey could do was wonder how this had became her life, and General Organa — the General Organa, Ben’s mother , her fucking aunt — exhaled mirthfully. Rey tugged at a loose strand of hair and said, “Yeah, I’m just gonna, um, go now. Thank you, General and —” Leia waved a hand in the air and all eyes couldn’t help but be drawn to it. “Pssh, don’t leave on my account, Rey. Just remember that he’s not allowed out of his,” — she made some sort of hand gesture to the cell her son was being held in — and Leia chuckled softly, adding, “And make safe choices.” Rey looked absolutely flabbergasted and Ben snorted. Still laughing to herself, General Organa leaves, her sensible hair swooshing on top of her head. Ben said to himself, “Yeah, thanks, for that, mother,” and Rey shot him an unimpressed look while mentally poking at his Force barrier, trying to read his thoughts. Much to her chagrin, the only images that came floating up were those of Ben talking to his mother about how he thinks Rey might be his everything and also the General making some sort of lightsaber pun. In an attempt to distract herself from the former statement, Rey spoke up. “So your mom — my boss and also aunt — thinks that we’re kinky as fuck.” Ben looked equal amounts exasperated and fond when he replied, “Last time I checked, we are. We're literally cousins, Rey. You domme the fuck out of me. We are the definition of kinky. Now, are you coming in or do I need to break out of here?” Rey shoots him a narrow look before turning to the single remaining guard, who looks apologetic before stammering various incoherent mumbles. “I’m really only here as back up and my orders say I have to be stationed here, or else—” The Jedi-in-training waved her hand in front of her comrade’s face and intones, “You are going to leave us here. We will be fine. Do not send anyone in until I say,” she racked her brain for an easy to remember word, “Jakku.” Rey huffed, and she turned off whatever Force magic she was doing after the guard left the room. “Even if you were to break out,” and the look she leveled at Ben clearly said that this would be a very, very bad idea, “it’s not like I couldn’t subdue you by myself.” Ben looks tentatively hopeful. “Is that a promise?” Which, naturally , led to Rey throwing her hands in the air. “I'm coming in, you animal, budge over,” was all she said while unlocking all of the various contraptions keeping her cousin in captivity. Come one, come all to look at the caged Asshole in his unnatural habitat, she thought wryly while shimmying into the nicely sized cell, for lack of a better word. It was a decent living space for a grown man. There was a cot big enough for the both of them and a soft pillow, a small restroom facility for those needs, a window (heavily guarded, yes, but it's still a step up than a lot of the pilots' quarters, something Poe was moderately bitter about) and Ben had access to most of his favorite people. His father had yet to visit, but, to be fair, Ben did stab him in the chest. One could understand why there might be a little animosity between the pair. Ben Solo, Rey reflected, was a lot like a puppy. Fluffy, energetic and seemed the type to probably piss all over your flowers and get away with it because he was adorable and kind of breathtakingly beautiful. He was also, she thought with a smile, a massive fucking nerd. The puppy in question looked put out. “I can hear you,” Ben pouted and Rey pretended to be shocked. “Really? So I'm not hearing voices? It's just my annoying other half pushing himself into my consciousness? Inconceivable ,” she remarked. He made grumbly noises and patted the side of the bed next to him in a silent invitation. She conceded, with the thought that it might be cruel to deny him anymore. At least for today, that is. “How was your day?” Ben asked tentatively, pretending that this was a normal relationship. Pretending that they were just an average couple, talking about current events and their feelings. Maybe he'd made dinner and Rey went off to be the breadwinner, and it had been a long day and he missed her. Actually, those last parts wasn't pretend. Rey would be the hypothetical breadwinner of the family they wanted, and it had been a long day. Not to mention, Ben always wants to be near her. I've been okay, Rey pushed into his mind. And you? Ben tried to look at the ground, but the woman next to him tapped his chin up gently. I missed you, is all he thought. Rey bit her lip and reached out for her companion's hand. “I’m here now,” she pointed out, looking him in the eye. “What are you planning to do about that?” Ben's eyes got all melted & obsidian-like, in true fanfiction-cliche style. “Well,” he began, “I personally was hoping to eat you out until I suffocate or drown, whichever happens first?” Ben phrased it as a question, hoping (knowing) his cousin would humor him. Rey blinked and whispered, “I think that could, hypothetically, be arranged,” while trying to disentangle herself from her Jakku-style lower bindings. “I was hoping that we didn't think in hypotheticals,” Ben began and shut up as soon as Rey stepped out of her pants, scars and tangled thatches of hair prominently standing out against her tan skin. “Uh…” He swallowed. Rey smiled at the man in front of her who seemed to be struck silent by the sight before him. Was she aware that she was a walking, breathing goddess? Yes. Did it hurt to be reminded of that fact? Abso-fucking-lutely not. “Well, I was hoping that you wouldn't be thinking at all, yes? Oof,” she added as Ben lifted her up on the bed and got on his knees in front of her. He was pretty preoccupied for what was probably the next three hours, devouring Rey like she was his deliverance, his last meal before his execution, someone he knew in his heart of hearts that he did in no way deserve. Shhh, Rey thought. None of that now. I hate you, she added wistfully before, probably, like, ascending into the heavens where she belongs. I know, he thought back with as much love he had left in his heart. An old saying claims there's no rest for the wicked, and, honestly, these two are just here to prove that it's correct. Chapter 2 Summary: just an additional author's note hi!! i've been thinking of taking this down, and just wanted to give y'all a heads up. if you like no rest for the wicked, i suggest downloading it using the lil button above because i'm most likely deleting this fic by august 15th, 2016 :^) jsyk! my reasons for this is that i'm slowly dropping out of reylo (can i be completely honest? the reylo fandom can be definitely.....polarizing at times) and while i'm not an anti (i'll always ship a lil bit of reylo in my heart) i don't really want these fics to be what i'm known for thanks for everything, genuinely, you guys :^) -- lilacs, l cubed, glittervoids, etc. Notes: .......i dunno what happened. this was supposed to be a crack fic. where did the crack go?? it is a mystery the title, no rest for the wicked, because they barely got any sleep. also they are Sinning (tm), so that makes them wicked. reminder that everyone is deliberately ooc and also comments & kudos make me feel brighter than the starkiller being powered up on the sun's energy xoxo