Ben In Treatment Sigmund Freud sighed, stroking his clipped white beard wearily. At 63, he was still the number one of his profession, the most highly esteemed one; The Top Dog. Curse Jung, Reich and all those foolish young disciples who had left him to set off on their own misdirected careers. Archetypes. Orgones. Primal shrieks. Shaking his head, Sigmund shuddered in righteous indignation at this heretic mess. Not only in his own mind, but also by professional reputation, Sigmund was the undisputed Master. The Master of the innermost mind; of the emotions and desires, conscious and unconscious, the dreams and fantasies of men and women, high and low. Inside his lofty, 65th floor Coruscant Office, reclining on their backs on the ancient velvet divan in the Herr Doctor’s office, his patients would divulge it all. The innermost secrets of the human mind; the secrets of the Galaxy and of the Universe itself. Yet, Sigmund did not consider himself to be a philosopher or a religious man. His clear bright mind was that of a scientist. A pure tool of laser blade sharpness. Yet, lately one question had kept creeping up on him with alarming frequency. Encroaching on his mind at hours late and early; even in his sleep. Indeed, he blamed that foolish bastard Jung for setting it all off initially. The man’s blatant flaunting of all professional rules, turning his most attractive female patients into his lovers, had released a dam of feelings in Sigmund’s mind. Indeed, these urgent questions had just been waiting to erupt. Ever since he was in his middle twenties, a brilliant and daring young society doctor inventing the so-called “talking cure”, it had all been building up to this. For some reason, people had always trusted Sigmund implicitly, allowing themselves to settle back comfortably and share their innermost thoughts with him. Their innermost thoughts and most secret desires. Frankly, it had been the most exciting thing he could ever imagine. A journey into the abyss and beyond, into heavens and paradises, hells and pleasures that he’d never even imagined could have existed. Force. It had all shook him to the core. At the age of 63, he was firmly addicted to it, shackled to his daily dosage of the hits of secrets. Still… Of course, being of an analytical and scientific bent, he’d attempted to systemize his newfound knowledge in any ways he could. There were patterns. Patterns, themes and questions. Some of his colleagues preferred to turn their study subjects into ‘zeros’, humans rendered null and void in terms of personal context and identifiable characteristics. However, Sigmund was the opposite. In fact, he’d always been something of a diehard romantic. Sigmund wouldn’t ever dream of turning his patients into ‘zeros’. Instead, he recreated them as his ‘Case Studies’, literary characters that embodied the Human Dramas that he wanted to display and paint. So far, this approach had been ridiculously successful. People loved to read them and discuss them; regardless of whether they were patients or colleagues. Indeed, many people had claimed to be an original Case Study patient, just in order to gain popular celebrity status. Such antics merely made Sigmund shake his venerable white head. Because let’s face it, apart from financially, he’d been caught up in a standstill. Trapped in a corner. Facing a mirror, and unable to obtain the answer. The Question that had haunted him ever since the outset of his career. 40 years of listening, of trying to get it all to make sense. Still, he couldn’t understand it. And from all that he’d ever gleaned, neither could any of his male patients. The Question echoed in them all, eternal and unanswerable. Was Will das Weib? What does a woman want? Oh, he’d listened to them all right. In practice a chaste man, he’d been impeccably faithful to his wife of 40 years. But then, his ears were quite another matter. They’d been fucked, gangbanged, seduced, raped and made love to more times than he’d put his cock in his wife’s cunt. There wasn’t a single cell of innocence left in his body, and it was all his own doing. Sigmund’s mapping of human desire had taught him all sides to a story. Except this. No matter how he reached out, he failed to conceptualize the elusive answer. Maybe she doesn’t want anything at all. Except possibly to be desired. Maybe only men are capable of desire. That would certainly be the cleanest, easiest solution. The thought had struck him more than once. Particularly at times like these, when a female patient was failing to make any sense whatsoever to him. “Ja. Frau Diershmied, it would appear you find your husband quite inadequate in bed. On the other hand, your current lover doesn’t treat you with the respect that you crave. In fact, none of them seems to understand who you are or what you want. We’ll stop at that point for today.” The beautiful blonde woman swung her long elegant legs down off the deep red velvet of the Freud divan. Rising, she adjusted the tight skirt of her perfectly tailored white suit. She paused briefly to wipe a surreptitious tear out of the corner of one large blue eye, careful not to smudge the black mascara of her long thick lashes. Then, she raised her head to flash the Doctor a warm smile. “Thank you, Herr Freud. I don’t know what I’d do without our weekly sessions. They’re so rewarding! That was real eye opener for me! I swear, it’s like you sense the very texture of my soul! Well, thank you yet again. I’ll see you next Thursday.” “Auf Wiedersehen, Frau Dierschmied.” Shaking his head internally, Sigmund watched the tight wiggling of the lady’s small, perfectly rounded ass as she exited his office. Laura Dierschmied was exactly the baffling type of woman who had made him start to pose these questions in the first place. Exhausting and exciting. What does a woman want, indeed. With a sigh, he turned his eyes to the yellow paper post it note that his wife had left him on the bathroom mirror this morning. Don’t Forget!!! Holiday Candles (the thick kind, with writing) Wrapping Paper & Ribbon (No, for Force’s sake no blue this time! Tell salespeople Holiday colours) Transparent cellotape (not matte!) Super Glue (empty all their supplies!) Bantha Baste (the liquid kind) Well used to receiving these directive missives each morning, Sigmund stared down at the yellow post it note in bafflement. Suddenly, none of the words made any sense. Was Will das Weib? Yeah, what the kriff do they want? Force. He could feel himself approaching some kind of revelation here. Or maybe a massive coronary. Something was rumbling, turning over deep inside his being. Something- “Herr Doctor, your 10 o’clock is here. Ben Solo.” The voice of his receptionist, Chrysella Klein, erupted through the intercom. Reaching for his notepad, Sigmund nodded to her invisible eyes. “Send him in, Chrysella.” Sigmund knew the signs. Whenever he was about to reach some kind of major scientific breakthrough or revelation, his thumbs would itch. Well, right now it wasn’t just a case of thumbs. Both of his hands were fiddling restlessly, wanting to write things down. Force. The Need. The Want. Oh yes. He was approaching that one perfect, crystal bright moment of pure revelation. The one he’d started to prepare himself for years ago. He- The door swung open, almost breaking off its hinges. Of course, Sigmund had had all aspects of his office security reinforced some 20 years ago, when he began to take on Force sensitive patients. The tall, broad shouldered young man stopped momentarily, allowing the door to swing back shut with a dramatic bang. He was staring down into the parqueted floor, his longish silky black hair falling down into his eyes. An angry red welt marked the side of his right cheek. Somewhat annoyed at the intrusion into his private world of revelation, Sigmund nevertheless acknowledged the presence of his current patient. Anything less would have been extremely remiss of him. Besides, he was still examining his new ideas and doodling them down on his notepad. “Welcome, Ben. The divan is yours.” Well, some of his patients always needed an invitation or acknowledgement in order to lie down on the divan. Ben Solo was certainly one of these. He‘d been seeing Sigmund regularly for some four years, but the process hadn’t been continuous. During the first three years, the young man had been a severely conflicted teenager, torn apart and unusually affected by the structure and heritage of his family. Abandoned by his mother, who’d been busy with her New Republic General duties, and his errant scoundrel space cowboy of a father, the boy had been prone to violent emotional tantrums on a somewhat reckless scale, causing Sigmund to further reinforce the walls, doors and cabinets of his office. At one particularly poignant moment, 14-year old Ben Solo had caused the entire left wall of Sigmund’s office to shatter, reaching out to push an unseen entity away while fighting not to cry over his father failing to appear as promised for his birthday. Now, that particular incident had caused Sigmund to have to relocate his offices to the 15th floor for an entire year while the original walls were being repaired. While recognizing the boy’s strong involuntary reactions and powers in the Force, Sigmund had still been, let’s face it, somewhat peeved. Still, a year ago he’d allowed the young man to resume his psychoanalysis. The reasons thereof were clouded. Maybe it was because Sigmund had had a secret crush on Leia Organa, the boy’s mother, some 30 years ago. Maybe it was because something about the boy had caught in him, embedding itself like a long sharp thorn. Or maybe it was because this time around, Supreme Leader Snoke was paying. A regular, dependable client, sending his young successor to Sigmund for emotional and cognitive alignment. Or maybe not. Maybe Ben Solo was paying for his psychoanalysis himself. The young man’s deep brown eyes flared dangerously. Still, he was following his usual procedure by unclasping his cloak and throwing it down on a red velvet armchair by the corner near the entry door. For a brief moment, he stood quite still, staring at Sigmund, breathing heavily as if being Force choked by some unseen entity. Then, he tore his black satin and leather tunic open to join the black utility cloak on the armchair. Unbuttoning his thin black silk shirt at the neck, he threw himself down on Sigmund’s divan. He was breathing heavily, his broad athletic chest heaving uncontrollably. The long strong fingers of his big right hand pushed his black hair away, tangling in it. Silently cursing this mental intrusion into the great revelation of his crucial intellectual insight, Sigmund nodded encouragingly. “Welcome, Ben. Please speak. I can tell that something’s happened.” Well, of course things always kriffing happen. That’s what life is all about. Still, you try to make them talk and not waste your time with nonsense. Sometimes you have to be direct. The young man was breathing heavily, clenching his hands into large fists. Twisting on the red velvet divan, he bit his lower lip. Contorting as if in unbearable pain, he lashed out and smashed his fist into the wall on his left side. Miraculously, the wall stayed put. “I… I met a girl.” An intense shiver ran through his muscular, athletic body. “Ah. What happened?” “She… she…” Oh, he was really struggling. Still, no words came out. Out of pure curiosity, Sigmund decided not to humour him. Silently, he doodled in his notebook. What does a woman want. “She… she’s always been there. I mean, in my mind! I mean, I sensed her! Oh, you couldn’t understand unless you met her… Those green and gold sparks in her eyes …” The young man was hammering his fist into the reinforced left wall repeatedly. Well, good luck with breaking though that, Ben. Somewhat annoyed, Sigmund nodded. “Ok, Ben, so you met a girl. Apparently, she made quite an impression on you. What is her name?” The young man twisted violently on the divan. “Don’t you kriffing call me that! My name’s not Ben! Not anymore. It’s Kylo. Kylo Ren. I told you so when I came here last year to resume our talks, old man. Ben Solo’s dead. I killed him myself. He was weak and foolish, like his father.” Sigmund’s white eyebrows rose a fraction. Doodling on his notepad, he considered the options. Hm. Renouncing the Name of the Father. That’s a tough one. Maybe I should refer him to Lacan; he’s an expert on that kind of stuff. Still, rejection might cause him to implode. Better focus on the girl. “Kylo. Tell me about the girl. How did you meet her? Where?” The young man had covered his eyes with his right hand. “I met her on Takodana. I was on a mission. I mean, I’ve told you, haven’t I? I tell you everything, Sigmund, and you tell no one. Right?” Force. The boy must really be scared shitless of his mother. Or maybe he just downright hated her for sending him away to a remote island to train with a bearded hermit in the most obscure kind of boarding school. Momentarily, a fierce arrow of pity shot up through Sigmund’s chest. It wasn’t the first time that that kind of feeling had surfaced in listening to the young man. Dealing with it in a purely professional manner, he noted it duly and then let it pass right though him. “I won’t tell anyone, Kylo. You know that.” Now, that at least was the diehard truth. The young man had torn his shirt open in some kind of fit of agony, exposing his bare muscular chest. His long black locks tangled around his face. His long legs were contorted around one another, clenching painfully. And then- And then, he just relaxed. His brown eyes opened to stare out into deep space. “I met her on Takodana, but it all started on Jakku. I received a message saying that… Well, I mean someone told me that she’d taken care of a droid that belonged to… the enemy.” He faltered, then resumed, turning over on his side to stare unseeingly into the left wall. “She was nothing. Scavenger, slum child, young trash chick who means nothing to nobody. They sent me the reports.” A stark tremble passed through his muscular body again. “You see, I had to find her, don’t you?” His voice rose in some kind of desperation. “Of course I do.” Sigmund nodded noncommittally. He was starting to relax, sitting by his patient’s head and staring straight into the wall opposite him. There, his own portrait gazed back at him serenely, making him sleepy. The image was starting to speak to him. Ok, Sigmund, let’s do this. What do women want? Our entire scientific career might hinge on this. Laura Dierschmied stretched out on his divan; her skirt riding up over her long elegant legs. The tight white suit hugging her curves while she lamented the deficiencies of her husband and lover. A discreet tear falling from one of her lovely blue eyes. His wife’s sharp, acid yellow post it notes plastered to the bathroom mirror every morning, with their absurdly specific messages. His receptionist, Chrysella Klein, who each Thursday went through a stunning and inexplicable metamorphosis. Upswept hair, bright scarlet lipstick. Her large green eyes edged in black kohl. Tight bright sleeveless dresses; black transparent silky stockings. High heels. The sudden unexpected flashes of cleavage, for Force’s sake. Usually, the girl would be conservatively dressed in a prim grey business suit. On Thursdays like today, she sat behind her desk looking like a high priced call girl. More than once, an accidental peek at her exposed cleavage had caused Sigmund to almost stumble on the threshold of his office. Come Friday, the girl’s looks would be back to normal. So, what in the Force’s name was going on? On the divan, the young man formerly known as Ben Solo was staring dreamily up into the ceiling. His voice was soft, almost a whisper. The casually unbuttoned shirt exposed his hairless muscular chest. His athletic arms were carelessly thrown back over his head, as if in complete surrender. Behind the round spectacles, Sigmund’s wise old gaze sharpened. Was that a significant hardon, bulging through the young man’s tight black trousers? “I found her there, alone deep in the woods. She’d been attempting to escape. Of course, we both knew it was futile. The girl I’d heard so much about. Oh Force, I don’t know why I said that! I mean, no one had mentioned her except for one of our commanding officers. She refused to turn and look at me, but I could sense the fear and hatred in her mind. Her… her mind was open to me. I swear Sigmund, it was kriffing beautiful! I hadn’t even seen her kriffing face, and yet I knew she was The One. So, I decided to ignite my lightsaber. You know, to show her my powers in the Force.” Sigmund flicked his bushy white eyebrows, staring distractedly down into his notepad. Briefly, he wondered what it would be like to carry a long fiery weapon like the one that his young patient had. Of course, he’d always known about the boy’s inferiority complex. For years, it had been one of the main themes in the psychoanalytic work. Now, it also appeared to be erupting into his relationships with the fairer sex. “Ok, B… Kylo. So, you hoped to impress the girl by flashing her your lightsaber. You told me six months ago that you have a new deluxe kind. I gather that you placed it in the Cabinet as usual on entering?” He cast a sideways leftwise glance at his prostrate patient. Of course, having them lying down flat on their backs had some decided security advantages. Apart from the sizeable bulge in his black trousers, the young man’s crotch area was indeed devoid of weapons. Sigmund nodded, satisfied. “Yes, yes. Chrysella took care of it, along with my other gear. Don’t distract me by asking crap questions like that.” Galvanized by irritation, the young man twisted restlessly on the divan. In his seat next to the silky black haired head, Sigmund didn’t even deign to answer. “So, I decided to take her. I mean, I just reached out and passed my hand behind her head. The Force did the rest. It’s like extinguishing a light, really, except of course it will turn back on again. She passed out, just like that. I caught her in my arms and lifted her. That was the first time that I saw her face. I swear to you, old man. That was the loveliest sight I ever saw. Her long dark eyelashes, shading her cheeks. That smooth pale skin, so soft to the touch. The pulse in her long neck, beating like a drum. Her full red lips…” The young man’s voice was hoarse. “Of course, I didn’t kiss her. You can’t kiss an unconscious girl. But Force, Sigmund, I really wanted to! I really kriffing… Never mind. So, I just carried her onto my spacecraft and locked her into the Interrogation Unit. We didn’t need the droid. The girl had all I wanted.” In his chair, Sigmund sighed with the world-weary wisdom of an ancient man. Really, his patient’s seduction technique left much to be desired. Here, clearly was another one as baffled as himself at the eternal question. Was Will das Weib? What do those kriffing bitches want? But clearly, the answer was close. He could sense it, with every fibre of his being. Also, something else was prodding him. The urgent mental push of his young patient’s need for verbal feedback. Distractedly, he nodded. “So, you met a young female and were attracted to her. You abducted her and locked her down in the Interrogation Unit of your starship. Then what?” The young man covered his face with his big hands. A sudden intense tremble of emotion shook his large athletic body. The solid foundations of the antique red velvet and ebony divan, built some two thousand years ago on Alderaan, creaked ominously. “I… I just sat there, looking at her. I can’t explain it, Sigmund! I just couldn’t tear my eyes away. She looked like she was sleeping. Peaceful, beautiful. I had a sudden wild longing to keep her there with me, forever. Oh Force. Whoever placed that crazy urge in my mind? Force. I just couldn’t stand the thought. So, I was kind of relieved when she finally woke up.” Women. Crazy, beautiful, elusive. Utterly incomprehensible. Whatever you do or say, it’s always somehow wrong. The mirror image on the opposite wall was speaking, nodding sagely. Writing something on his notepad, Sigmund nodded distractedly. Really, he had no idea what that one word was. Instead, he attempted to sharpen his mind and focus on his patient’s tale. “Ok, Kylo. Tell me what happened.” The young man was panting, staring off into the distance. On his right cheek, the angry red welt seemed to flare up. Something about the wound caught Sigmund’s sudden interest. Was that a laserblade injure? If so, his patient had better get into bacta straight away to avoid being permanently scarred. “She… She called me a monster. She said I was a coward not to show my face. So, I removed my helmet. I mean she… I… Ok, so Snoke would never, ever, understand. But you do, don’t you, Sigmund? I mean, I just wanted her to see…” The old psychoanalyst nodded sagely. “You wanted her to see the real you.” “NOOO!!!” The young man trashed violently on the divan, punching his fists up at the reinforced ceiling as if striking at an unseen enemy. “Fuck it, Sigmund! I just wanted to overpower her! I mean, if she would see I was a human being, just like her, she’d…” He faltered, attempting to get his breath under control. Bored by the human drama that he’d seen a thousand times before, Sigmund doodled in his notebook. This only proved his point. In spite of being young and possibly the most powerful Force sensitive being that the Galaxy had ever seen, the boy was floundering in the same impossible dilemma as himself. What does a woman want? Oh, screw it a thousand times over. Why wouldn’t blue ribbon do? He’d always liked the colour. In the background, his young patient’s voice kept droning on. “She… She was drawing me in, Sigmund! I mean, her mind was calling to me! Something about her…I mean… It’s like the first strawberries that you pick in summer. The kind my Mother used to give me, before she sent me off to Uncle Luke’s training camp. The taste is like a kiss and a stab at the same time. The sweetest taste, and yet you know it means she hates you and can’t wait to get rid of you. She…” The words were muffled underneath the big hands, covering the young man’s face like a mask. Unless Sigmund had known that the current occupant of his divan belonged to the First Order, he would have sworn that there were tears running predictably underneath those hands. But Ben Solo, or Kylo Ren as he was currently styling himself, was nothing but not unpredictable. Removing his large hands from his big nosed, slashed young face, he stared into the ceiling with a beatific expression. Suddenly, his big form was quite relaxed. The sudden change made Sigmund somewhat wary. “So… So I decided to enter her. Her mind, I mean. She’d give it to me, willingly or not. I told her so. ‘You know, I can take whatever I want.’ I… I wanted…” He closed his brown eyes momentarily. With the long black eyelashes spread out over his pale cheeks like twin fans, his face looked unexpectedly young and peaceful. “I saw her, Sigmund! Her parents had left her on that sandy dumpster of a planet when she was just 5 years old. Her mind kept crying out for them. Still, she’s a survivor. She knew how to take care of herself. I sensed the need in her. She wanted to return there to wait for them. It’s kriffing sad. I could sense they’d left her there, to go away and die for something that mattered more to them than their own child. They’d abandoned her for something more important. Well, that’s what parents are like. So, I told her it was useless. Just like her harking on to kriffing Han Solo. Apparently, she’s got some piloting skills. The old bastard picked up on that and offered her a job. She didn’t take him up on it. Smart girl.” His voice turned into a vicious snarl. Startled, the old psychoanalyst turned to examine his patient’s prostrate form. “This girl met your father, B…?” He checked himself hastily. Still, the unspoken name hovered in both their minds. On the divan, the big muscular young man stiffened. Then, he just nodded, his voice grim. “Yes. Apparently, she hijacked his old starship from a junkyard on Jakku. Yep, that’s the Millenium Falcon, Sigmund. Kriffing pile of junk. The first thing I drove while learning how to pilot things that move and travel in deep space. Anyway old man, we’ve been through that some 4000 times already. I’m not paying you 80 000 GCS per session for reruns.” So, the boy was paying for his psychoanalysis himself, instead of charging Supreme Leader Snoke or Leia Organa. Now, that actually meant that he was making huge progress and seriously invested in his treatment. Sigmund nodded approvingly. Possibly, this line of investigation might also lead him to some interesting revelations of the workings of the female mind. “Of course, B… Kylo. So, how did the girl respond to you reading her mind and revealing her secrets? You know, as a psychoanalyst I have to advise you to approach with extreme caution on that kind of road.” Something wild flared up in the young man’s brown eyes. The already impressive bulge in his tight black trousers expanded significantly. “I entered her mind, Sigmund. She yielded easily enough. However, I could feel her responding in an unexpected way. I mean she…” He closed his eyes momentarily. “It’s like my presence started some kind of reaction. As if I set her off. I mean, big time. She literally exploded, all around me. Stars and fireworks. Then, she set about to do the same to me.” Sigmund’s bushy white eyebrows flew up. “You mean you actually had intercourse with this young woman, Kylo? And that she… ehrm… penetrated you in some unladylike fashion?” The young man shook his black locked head wildly. “NO! May the Sarlac eat your stupid brain, old man! Haven’t you been paying any kind of attention whatsoever? The girl’s a Force sensitive, like me. She is exceptionally strong. When I entered her mind, she just retaliated, ok? She went into my head and sensed an ancient fear of mine by means of the Force. Excuse me? Which one? Oh, we’ve been through that one a thousand times already! Something about Grandfather and what he means to me. But shit Sigmund, she really scared me! I mean, I know that I’d removed my helmet for her. But she… She took it one step further. During those brief moments, she walked into my mind and saw everything about me. The girl’s a kriffing Force sensitive, Sigmund! That’s why I can’t get her out of my mind. She’s like me, just untrained. We’re two of a kind.” “Ah. You consider this girl to be your chosen mate?” In spite of himself, Sigmund was intrigued. Of course, he figured that with women being what they were, his young patient was in for some kind of unpleasant surprise. Then again, you never knew. Down on the divan, Ben Solo was clenching his hands tightly together as if fighting hard to avoid strangling someone. Then, he just relaxed and fell back, staring eerily into space. “She’s strong in the Force. If you don’t know what that’s like, you really cannot understand. I wanted to take care of her, to teach her how to use her powers. I… Ok, so I wanted her. It’s like an odd kind of hunger. Like it’s all been pre decided, by somebody else. I can’t explain it, Sigmund! I just knew the Force was pulling us together. It charged me up like lightning. And then, I made a mistake. Although in retrospect, I’m wondering if I didn’t set her up for some kind of test.” Ok, so Ben Solo had finally fallen in love and was now going about it in the same way he always did things; pure obsessive-compulsive style alternating with impulsive explosiveness. As far as Sigmund could tell, his chosen lady would be in for quite a ride. However, he himself had more important things on his mind. While the young man was talking, droning on in the background, he sensed the answer to his question pushing up through his unconscious, struggling to be recognized. What does a woman want? Maybe if he’d get her some yellow ribbons for this year’s Hanukka presents? Yellow is the opposite of blue. How would Martha react to that? Was that what she wanted? “I swear on the Force, Sigmund, I could only have been gone for like ten minutes. Call of nature. Ok, so I was embarrassed to have her see the state of me, ok? I had to take care of things to gain control. I can’t perform interrogations with a raging hardon. It’s difficult enough to have to suffer them in here, with you.” “That’s quite all right, Kylo. We all get them occasionally.” “Yeah, right. I bet when some hot chick lies down here on this very divan to tell you all about her sexual fantasies, you’re all raring to go, right? Force, forget I ever said that! I mean, that sounds like something Han would say! Anyway, he’s history.” “History?” A slight blush tinged the young man’s pale cheeks. “Yeah. He kind of, might have, you know…fallen onto my lightsaber.” “Fallen!?” The beautiful, slashed young face froze. The young man struggled, gaining control of his breathing with some amount of effort. “Snoke ordered me to do it. It was a kind of test, to check my strength. I did it, Sigmund! I passed the test. I proved my strength. Surely you see that, right?” There was a tinge of desperation in his voice. Sigmund frowned. “You actually killed your father, Ben? I mean, we’ve been through this fantasy of yours before. It’s not uncommon for young males with neglectful fathers to have dreams of killing them. In fact, it’s quite common.” The young man was twisting restlessly on the divan, as if attempting to escape. When he finally spoke, his voice was strangled. “Just can it, old man. Ok? Han Solo’s dead. I did it. If you don’t believe me, check things on the holonet. It’s bound to be all over the place.” For once, Sigmund was speechless. Speechless, but neither shocked nor horrified. In fact, the capacity for moral outrage had abandoned him a long time ago. Nowadays, nothing could surprise or shock him. Instead, there was just intense interest and curiosity. “How do you feel about this, Ben?” He’d dropped the pretences altogether. Clearly, nothing but addressing the young man by his given name would do. Oh well. You gain some and you lose some. After all, the 15th floor wasn’t _that_ bad. He guessed that in the name of science, he could endure another year there. On the red velvet divan, the young man had curled up in a fetal position. Sigmund couldn’t see his face. Still, without actually being a Force sensitive, over the years he’d developed a near preternatural sense of the feelings and emotions of others. Pain. Oh fuck. This was bad. Without seeing his face, he sensed the tears in the young man’s eyes. The pain and rage ravaging him, that had struck a core in Sigmund some 16 years ago, when the boy first began his treatment. Then, suddenly the large body relaxed. An odd sense of peace invaded Sigmund’s mind. On the divan, the young man was staring up into the ceiling. His face had gone ghostly pale. “He stroked my face, Sigmund. That bastard dared to caress my cheek. Even after he realized that he was a kriffing goner. He begged me to come home. What a kriffing joke. Where was he when I needed him? Out scouring the Galaxy, scoring a trade deal or another. Force. Snoke was a better father to me than he ever was. So were you, Sigmund. At least, you were both there. You still are. That’s… But he’s fucking gone for real this time. At least… I mean, in my mind he’s…” Frowning, Sigmund stared into the eyes of his own image, emptying his mind. His own personal trick of clearing his head of his patients’ pain, in order to be able to focus. “It’s all a kriffing jumble after that. Something hit me. A bowcaster shot, I think. The pain kind of woke me up. Someone was screaming at me not to do it. Her voice kept echoing into my mind. Nails were tearing the flesh off my bones. It… She… She saw me do it, Sigmund! And then, she just took that kriffing traitor’s hand and ran away. She ran away from me! I mean, I just couldn’t let her escape. Force, I need her!” The frown deepened. “Wait, Ben. Please, slow down. You’re losing me here. You’re talking about the young woman that you’d just interrogated? She saw you kill your father? How did she… Oh.” “Yes. It’s my own fault! I awakened her Force powers, and she used them to escape. Kriffing ironic, isn’t it? She saw me do the deed, and now she hates me for it. There…there was another guy there. A black dude. One of the stormtroopers, who had defected. Force! I sensed he was a traitor, even back on Jakku. They ran away together. Force! I just had to get her back, Sigmund! You understand that, right?” But maybe yellow ribbon is too Easter-ish. What about white? It’s no colour at all, yet encompasses them all. I bet Laura Dierschmied picks white ribbon for Hanukka. Hm. But Martha might… “Yes, Ben. You fell for a young woman and she ran away with another man, while you were at a particularly vulnerable moment. That must have been a disappointment to you.” On the divan, the young man was lethally still, staring out into deep space with his dark eyes. His features had gone deathly pale, like frozen snow. “I stopped them in the woods. The girl rushed at me to attack me, but I used the Force to throw her into a tree and knocked her out. Then, the guy attacked me with a lightsaber. A kriffing lightsaber, Sigmund! And not just any old blue blade. That weapon belonged to my grandfather! Yes, I know! That’s kriffing sacrilege. Force knows how he’d come by it. That blue blade is mine. And he kriffing dared to attack me with it! What a moron. Everyone knows non Force sentients can’t handle lightsabres.” Sigmund’s white eyebrows knitted in interest. “You felt attracted to a blue blade, Ben? Why, that’s…” The deep voice was a snarl. “Of course I kriffing did! That sabre’s mine, by birth! That filthy traitor had stolen it from me. That and my girl. So, I decided to teach him a lesson. His lightsaber technique was a joke. Complete disaster. I had him knocked out cold in 30 seconds flat. Stupid bastard passed out and dropped the weapon. I reached out to call it up into my hand. But then… Then…” His voice was trembling. Curious, Sigmund noticed the odd arousal in it. “The girl. She willed the weapon to her by means of the Force. Yes, of course she used telekinesis! Force, she’s so strong! When she ignited the weapon, I could see that strange gleam in her eyes. She’d found her calling. Of course, she’d never used one of them before. It was her first time. But brother, did she know how to fight! I know true talent when I see it.” He shook his black locked head in admiration. The bulge in his black trousers seemed to have expanded. “Still, I mean she was untrained. I kept driving her back through the woods, poking her just enough with my sabre to show her I meant business. Her reflexes were so fast, her movements so precise, so sharp… Whenever she stopped to face me, her thrusts and parries were kriffing perfect. Still, I was closing in on her. I knew I’d get her in the end.” “Hm. And just what had you planned to do to her once you caught up with her, Ben?” Sigmund realized that his own male organ had expanded alarmingly from listening to this somewhat sordid tale. At the outset of his career, this had occurred with a worrying frequency, causing him to arrange for his patients to lie down at his left side in order to ensure they couldn’t see him. 40 years later, he hadn’t gotten a rise out of a patient’s story for some 15 years. But here it was. Well, this might be significant. “I… I… I’ve no idea, Sigmund! I mean, I just wanted to bring her back with me. To keep her with me. I wanted to show her everything, to… You know, introduce her to all the marvellous parts of having powers in the Force. To show her all the wonders it might bring. So, when she stumbled back and almost fell over the edge of a precipice, I caught her and held on to her. Force, Sigmund! I had the hardon of a lifetime. Still, I… I mean, with a girl like that, you can’t just… Her lips were just so close, I…” “So, I told her the truth. That she needed a teacher. That she needed me.” Was Will das Weib? Poor Ben. Sigmund shook his head in a mixture of admiration and genuine pity. “You mean you told her that you needed her. Somehow, I doubt she heard you.” The young man’s brown eyes stared dreamily up into the ceiling. Doubtlessly, he was imagining the face and figure of his errant goddess. “She closed her eyes. And then, something miraculous happened. I mean, she just blossomed before my eyes. Her face, it… It turned so kriffing beautiful, it stabbed me through the heart. It was like a kriffing revelation. In that moment, I saw everything I’d ever wanted. I hadn’t even realized it before.” He was panting, tearing his black silk shirt down further to bare his broad muscular chest down to his spectacularly toned abs. Leaning back into his armchair, Sigmund was pulled with him into the dark snowy forest of a faraway planet, staring down at the pale beautiful face of a young brunette. Force. Ben Solo was doing it again. Pulling him into his mind by means of his Force powers. But yes, that girl was rather cute. Also, she looked like she was about to- Fascinated, he stared at the ecstatic face. “And then, she just erupted! I mean, she was like a force of nature! Threw me off and drove me back, lightsaber in hand. Those moves, the power, that technique of hers… Whew! She even did Juyo, without being taught. It’s in her kriffing soul. That girl’s a true warrior, down to the core. Force! I didn’t want to hurt her, Sigmund! But after a while, I just found myself fighting for my life. Fuck! She really tried to kill me.” He shook his head in shocked admiration. “Is that how you acquired that cheek wound, Ben? By the way, I think that needs some seeing to. You’d better ask Chrysella for some bacta gel on the way out.” Ben Solo shook his head slowly. A strange smile curled his full lips. “No. If she’s scarred me for life, then so be it. I’m keeping this one, Sigmund. She’s mine.” “All right, Ben. I think that just about concludes today’s session. Same time next Thursday?” The young man had flung his long legs off of the divan and risen, buttoning his shirt decisively. Now, he was pulling on his tunic, draping his black utility cloak around his shoulders and snapping the clasp shut. “Same time next Thursday, Sigmund. I knew I could rely on you. By the way, if some red headed fellow named Hux turns up here, just tell him that you’ve never heard of me. Bye.” As the door to his office slammed shut behind the tall exiting form, Sigmund rose and leaned back against one of his tall Chandrilan bookcases for support. Force. For the first time in some 30 years, he felt the urgent need for a cigarette. But no. His thumbs were itching, worse than ever. Yes. Of course. He had to turn Ben Solo into a Case Study. Just in order to make sense of things, to understand what he’d just heard. Leaning back heavily against the bookcase, Sigmund searched the floor for his lost notepad. The kriffing thing was nowhere to be seen. Shaking his head in frustration, he accidentally banged his right elbow against a heavy tome. The book fell out, hitting his big toe painfully. Cursing, he reached down. GREEK TRAGEDIES, Vol III. EURIPIDES Frowning slightly, he opened the volume. ___________________________________ As the door to the Herr Doctor’s office slammed back shut, Chrysella Klein’s eyes widened significantly. Futilely, she attempted to still her breathing. Underneath the large black ebony desk, her long silk clad legs contorted, twisting around one another. Her large green eyes flashed open, staring in pure adoration at the tall, broad shouldered young man. Reaching up with a long slender, bare pale arm, she checked automatically that her shiny, brunette upswept hairdo was firmly attached. One long silky strand of hair fell casually down over her smooth, pale forehead. “Don’t charge this to the Organa tab. No. Not to the First Order either. I’m paying for this in cash.” The young receptionist trembled slightly. Her large, kohl rimmed eyes focused on those of the tall, black clad young man. Luckily, the Herr Doctor’s 11 o’clock patient hadn’t arrived yet. Gazing into the brown eyes, she faltered slightly. “We… We don’t…” The young man frowned. “Is there a problem here, Chrysella? I’m paying you 80 000 GCS in cash straight up. There. It’s right in front of you.” Flinging the money down disdainfully on the receptionist’s desk, he pushed his long silky black hair out of his face to stare morosely out into the distance. The receptionist’s beautiful green eyes widened significantly. A sudden shockwave seemed to galvanize her, causing a brief shudder to run though her slender but curvaceous body. Oblivious, Ben Solo stared out at the heavily enforced hologlass exit area. Suddenly decisive, the girl nodded briskly. Taking the cash, she stashed it in a drawer of her desk. Force knew how she’d deal with this problem, but never mind. She’d just have to present it to her employer in some clever way. “Of course. Thank you very much. Do you want a receipt, Master Ren?” That earned her a brief look of approval. Momentarily, the brown gaze travelled down her long slender neck, losing itself in the dizzying topography of her cleavage. Yeah. You’d better look at them, you beautiful bastard. That’s a 32E bra size, and this very dress I’m wearing cost me 120 000 GCS. That’s three months wages, by the way. Just look at what you’re doing to me here. He flicked a black gloved hand at her. “Ok. I mean, whatever. I need my lightsaber, thank you very much. If you’d care to get it out of that thing.” “Of course, Master Ren.” Rising obediently, she wiggled over to the Cabinet. The skintight, bright red dress hugged her body like a glove. As she leaned forward to unlock the tall, security enforced hologlass case, her small round ass poked out at him suggestively. “Here you are, Master Ren. Do you want me to help you attach them?” Once more, young Ben Solo stared distractedly at her exposed cleavage. Then, he reached out for his lightsaber and clipped the weapon to his holster belt. “No, Chrysella. I’m ok. Thank you. I’ll see you next week, ok?” Reaching for his helmet, he pulled it on decisively. Chrysella Klein nodded briefly, a look of pain shading her face. “Of course, Master Ren. By the way, don’t forget this. Your receipt and our contact info. You never know when you might need it.” Behind the black and silver helmet, the young man stared down at the combination of letters and numbers. A holocam number. Unless it was invisible, there was no receipt info to be seen. You never know when you might need it. Ok. He pushed the note into an inner pocket of his utility cloak. “Make sure my booking for next Thursday’s there, Chrysella. Thanks.” The hologlass door swung back shut behind his tall exiting form. With a deep sigh, Chrysella Klein sank back into her comfortable office chair. Her heart was beating furiously. From behind the closed doors to the Herr Doctor Freud’s office, a triumphant shriek erupted. “OEDIPUS!” Chapter 2 : Rey Summary: Enter a new patient of Dr Freud's. Notes: This was originally intended as a one shot, but suddenly this girl banged on the door and demanded an appointment with the Doctor. So, I had to let her in. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Monday morning at the offices. After identifying herself by means of pressing her left hand to the metal pentagon set in the solid marble outer wall, Chrysella Klein set about unlocking the massive durasteel doors. Once inside the security reinforced hologlass entry area, she tapped her personal code rhythm on the control panel next to the inner entry door. It swung open smoothly, revealing the familiar sight of the Herr Doctor Freud’s waiting room. The majestic receptionist’s desk of polished ebony, which looked vaguely like a throne. Matching ebony and leather seats and chairs edging the room; luxuriously padded to lull nervous visitors into relaxation but still straight backed enough to ensure they didn’t fall asleep waiting for their appointments. The tall security reinforced hologlass Cabinet over on the left, built to withstand not only armed attacks but also impulsive rushes of Force induced rage. Tasteful antique carpets in muted jewel colours; soft crème coloured walls. Costly but neutral landscape paintings strategically placed to catch the eye. The waiting room of an expensive, renowned, cultured, aging psychoanalyst who specialized in taking on highly dangerous and troubled creatures, along with the usual mixture of wealthy neurotics and interesting charity cases. As usual, her desk was neat and spotless. Chrysella always made sure to tidy it up thoroughly and finish all her notes and administrative duties before setting off for home for the weekend. What she did in her spare time was nobody’s business. But when she returned on Monday morning, she wanted to be in control. Someone had to be. The Herr Doctor was brilliant but distracted, absentminded and continuously harrowed by the demands and daily post it notes from his wife. And the patients… Ah, each week they would reveal new levels of chaos to which the human mind and actions might descend. Doctor Freud might have to listen to their stories, but Chrysella was the one that actually had to deal with their real life behaviour. Hence, the need for planning and control. With a sigh, she sat down in her comfortable hi tech durasteel and leather office chair. Initially, her antique collector boss had wanted to place her in a straight backed, ancient ebony chair with graceful spindly carvings and a small flat brocade seat. She’d put her foot down firmly on that one. “But Chrysella! That chair used to belong to the Queens of Naboo. They used to preside in it when holding court!” “Well, Herr Doctor, I’m not a Queen receiving my petitioners surrounded by a swarm of handmaidens. I’m a contemporary professional woman attempting to do my job as efficiently as possible. If you think the chair is pretty, put it in the waiting room for the patients to sit in. I’m sure some of them could imagine nothing better than being ancient Queens. I just want to be able to do my job as efficiently as possible. I need this very chair. Right here.” She’d flipped the catalogue open and pointed at the desired model. Seeing the determined gleam in her green eyes, of course the Doctor had acceded. For once, a woman had stated explicitly what she wanted, no, demanded, of him. That chair, though hideously ugly in its gleaming hi tech functionality, would have to be incorporated into his waiting room, in spite of clashing blatantly with the refined air he’d attempted to convey to the interior designer. As soon as he’d agreed, he’d lost the battle. A matching hi tech clock panel telling the time not just on Coruscant but at 100 strategically chosen other places of Galactic importance had been installed in the wall opposite Chrysella’s desk. The installation of a computer console with several datapads and screens of the latest model had defiled the antique ebony piece of furniture. Sigmund had attempted to draw the line at installing a holocam transmission unit, and of course failed miserably. In fact, Chrysella Klein was indeed the uncrowned queen of the reception area. Well, in her own opinion she was more than worth it. Chrysella Klein hid more specific talents up her perfectly tailored, grey suit sleeves than your average 22-year old receptionist. Of course, that’s how she’d managed to gain the position in the first place, besting competitors with more than 30 years experience and top-notch references. Tapping the controls, she made the datascreens rise up from the console and flicker into life. Today’s patients. Let’s see. On the opposite wall, the time panel flashed out Coruscant time: 8.05. Chrysella always entered Doctor Freud’s offices at 8.00 on the dot. That gave her ample time to prepare herself for the day’s work. The Herr Doctor himself would usually appear around 8.30. She checked today’s schedule on the datascreen. Late Friday afternoon, she’d taken a message on the holocam receiver from a young woman requesting an appointment. Her name had been scrambled, incomplete. No surname. Usually, Doctor Freud required a full name from any patient who wished to book an appointment. However, sometimes the need to be flexible arose. Like with Ben Solo, who was currently passing under the alias of Kylo Ren. Force. A sudden twinge of sensations caused the young receptionist to cross her long legs involuntarily beneath her desk. But no. The week had only just begun. On Mondays she couldn’t afford herself to release control and unravel into private fantasies and desires. Usually, she managed to stave that off at least until Wednesday afternoon. Or lunchtime, which she’d spend perusing expensive Coruscant stores for low cut dresses, slinky stockings, high heeled shoes and makeup or perfume. Until then, Ben. Or Kylo. Then, I’ll think about you. Blowing her favourite Freud client a farewell kiss in her mind, she focused on the schedule. Yes. She’d booked the young woman who’d refused to state her surname for the Herr Doctor’s first Monday session. Partially because the usual Monday 9 o’clock patient, Zyrian Crax, had called in a late cancellation and her job was to fill any empty spaces in Doctor Freud’s schedule. Partially because- …well, she just sensed these things. Chrysella recognized the interesting patients, the ones with a special kind of urgency. She knew them, and it was her job to sniff them out and prioritize them. Yes. She’d done the right thing in granting the young woman an immediate booking, in spite of some 200 clients queuing for the famed Doctor Freud’s ears and time. Nodding decisively, she set about preparing the formal paperwork necessary for registering a new patient. _____________________________________ “Is… Is this Doctor Freud’s office? Have I come to the right place?” The young woman’s deep brown eyes were darting around the waiting room, her sharp gaze taking in every detail. Above her brunette head, the digital time panel spelled out the time in 101 Galactic locations. Behind the desk, Chrysella Klein nodded calmly. She was pleased to note that the young woman had arrived at 8.45 as instructed, which would leave enough time for filling out the necessary forms. “Your name is…?” “Rey. I called you on the holocam this Friday.” The young woman was clenching and unclenching her hands somewhat nervously. Slender but strong looking. Noting the weapons, Chrysella calculated swiftly. The lightsaber was of course standard equipment for Force sensitive patients, and the handle would fit easily enough into the one of the reinforced compartments of the security Cabinet. But the bostaff? At least 190 centimetres long, as far as Chrysella’s trained eye could tell. Ok, so unless it was retractable, it would have to go into the spear compartment at the back. But not yet. Asking the patients to relinquish their weapons had to be the last step in the procedure, after some kind of basic trust and formal agreement had been established. Nodding in acknowledgement, she indicated the comfortable armchair that she’d placed on the opposite side of the desk. “Yes. I’m the one who took your call. Welcome. I’m Chrysella Klein, Doctor Freud’s receptionist. Please be seated, and we’ll go through the formalities. Now, in order to register you as a patient of Doctor Freud’s, you have to fill in this mandatory form. I gather that you agree to this?” Force, this one’s on edge. Of course, she doesn’t know what to expect. They’re usually all kriffing jumpy the first time around. The young woman sat down warily. Unhooking her carved bostaff from one shoulder, she leaned it against the right side of the chair. “Ok. I’m ready. I might not be able to answer all your questions, though.” A deep clear voice that carried. Unconscious authority; a strong contralto timbre. An unexpectedly refined High Basic accent. Yes, Doctor Freud would be intrigued with this one for sure. Chrysella Klein flashed her a professionally reassuring smile. “Thank you. Now Rey, I understand that at this point, you do not wish to state your surname, but would prefer to be known by your given name. Is that correct?” “Yes.” The intensity of the deep brown eyes impacted in Chrysella’s mind. Adjusting her mental shielding skilfully, she nodded. “Ok. Your name is Rey. If you wish to alter or add something to this information, you may of course do so in the future. Now, I’ll tick this box here for ‘Force sensitive’. It’s a mandatory procedure.” A heated spark from the brown eyes. “I never said I was a Force sensitive!” She’d half risen from the chair. Chrysella made her sit down with a practised little gesture. “Please. I am aware of that. However, Doctor Freud’s been taking on Force sensitive patients for twenty years. He is the only psychoanalyst on Coruscant, indeed in the whole Galaxy, who does so. We are experienced enough to tell Force sensitives from non Force sensitives. There’s no need to worry. This is just a regular formal procedure.” The young woman was studying her with a frown, as if searching for something. A beautiful young face, with strong clear-cut features. A high round forehead, high cheekbones, sharp sculpted jawbone, a strong chin and a straight nose. Dark eyebrows, brunette hair pulled back into a peculiar hairstyle with three vertical buns down the back of her head. A determined expression that prevented her softly curving lips from smiling. Pale skin marked by freckles that betrayed some past exposure to the sun. Around 170 centimetres tall, slender but deceptively athletic. The manner of her dress caught the young receptionist’s interest. A sleeveless shirt wrapped tightly around her slim form, grey calf length trousers. Brown leather boots and a criss crossing brown leather belt that cinched her tiny waist. A form fitting sleeveless grey wool vest and long, fingerless grey gloves in a matching shade. The design of the gloves and vest actually had Chrysella raising her eyebrows. Bare shoulders, sleeveless top, somewhat provocatively offset by the long gloves. Flashes of bare skin, the feminine shape of her figure discreetly but still blaringly revealed. Ah. Doctor Freud would find this one intriguing. “Let’s continue. Age?” “19.” “Place of birth?” A sharp intake of breath. “I… I can’t tell you that.” Silence. “I… I was born on a starship, ok? Both my parents were pilots.” And maybe something else as well. Well, that’s up to the Herr Doctor to discover. Releasing her surreptitious focus on the young woman’s mind, Chrysella Klein ticked a box in the registry form. “Ok, so I’m marking ‘transient’ on that one. Current residence?” A wary dark stare. “Ahch-To. Part time. D’Qar, also part time. Look, this is confidential information, right?” The mandatory question. How many times had she answered it by now? Directing solid reassurance at the young woman, so close to herself in age, Chrysella Klein nodded. “Of course. Doctor Freud’s entire enterprise and professional reputation relies on his discretion. You needn’t worry. We will not disclose your whereabouts or personal information to anyone. Rest assured.” The green eyes were sincere. Also, there was a certain level of calming… influence issuing forth from them. Momentarily, the young armed woman frowned. Then, she nodded. “I believe you. Thanks. It’s just that I’m not used to… Well, to other people looking out for my interests.” Ok, so she’d managed to gain the girl’s trust. Now, she had to make sure she didn’t start to blurt out confidences before entering the Herr Doctor’s office. Which was tricky, considering the next question of the form. “Reason for contact? Please keep it short, you may elaborate it later with the Doctor.” The young woman drew a sharp breath. Her brown eyes flashed. “Anger issues. At least, my Master thinks so. That’s why he referred me here.” Ok, that was a common one. Chrysella Klein was briefly reminded of Ben Solo’s registry form, which stated ‘identity crisis’ and ‘internal conflict’ as major reasons for contact. Life as a Force sensitive in training was certainly no bed of roses. Shaking her head internally, the young receptionist congratulated herself on having cleverly avoided that particular kind of career choice. “Mode of pay? I’m sorry, but we keep a cash free office here. Security reasons.” The young woman flushed in some embarrassment. “General Leia Organa is paying. She said to tell you to charge it to her tab.” Chrysella nodded in professional recognition. “Of course. The Organa tab.” One of Doctor Freud’s most reliable cash cows. Stamping the registry form with Doctor Freud’s business seal, she added her signature and today’s date in ink. Then, she pulled out one of the desk drawers and stashed the document in a large plasticite file dated with the current year. Shutting the desk briskly, she rose and approached the young woman, adjusting her neat, perfectly tailored light grey business suit. With her brunette tresses coiled into a chignon at the nape of her neck and discreetly made up face, she projected a perfectly professional and impersonal front. Indeed, grim experience had taught her the necessity of that when performing this somewhat delicate task. “Thank you. Doctor Freud will see you soon. However, I must inform you that he doesn’t allow weapons in his actual office. Standard safety procedures. I’m sure you understand." Frowning, the young woman rose, clutching automatically at her bostaff. “I… I don’t understand. Master Luke has told me never to relinquish hold of my lightsaber under any circumstances.” A professional smile. “Ah. I’m sure that’s excellent advice while travelling in deep space and scouring the Galaxy on different assignments. However, psychoanalysis isn’t like anything you’ve ever experienced before. It might cause involuntary emotional and physical reactions that even as a Force sensitive, you could find hard to control. We just need to ensure our personal safety, as well as yours. So, if you’d care to come with me, we’ll place your weapons in this reinforced hologlass security Cabinet for the duration of the session. Afterwards, I’ll check them out for you. Preceding the young woman, she stepped briskly up to the shiny glass and durasteel construction to unlock a tall compartment at the back. The young woman approached, staring. “But… But what if we’re suddenly attacked? I’ve had that happen before, you know! Several times! I need my weapons at the ready!” Chrysella gestured reassuringly. “I’m sure you have. However, we are currently in the middle of the Central City District of Coruscant, and this building is outfitted with surveillance cameras absolutely everywhere. Not to mention the security staff at ground level, who are very definitely armed and routinely check the identity of everyone who enters here. Yes, I’m sure you saw them. Also, the reception area is outfitted with more surveillance cameras. I operate the entrance doors to the office from my desk. No one’s allowed to pass who isn’t on the list of today’s patients. Don’t worry. You’ll be safe.” Possibly, it wasn’t so much the words themselves as the strange atmosphere that she projected which provided the most effective mode of persuasion. Nodding, staring into the green eyes, the young woman, handed her the bostaff. As Chrysella placed it carefully in the tall back compartment of the Cabinet, the intense brown stare followed her every movement. Stepping over in front, the receptionist opened another, smaller compartment. One of the Lightsaber Boxes, as she liked to call them. Usually, this was the one where Ben Solo would place his weapon. “Your lightsaber, please.” With a sigh, the young woman complied. Chrysella reflected briefly that she had no idea whatsoever what colour this particular laserblade was. Something unfathomable in the young woman’s eyes told her that it might be red. Then again, if her Master had complained about her anger issues, she probably wasn’t a darksider. Maybe someone who actually ought to be just that. Another case of identity issues, just like Ben Solo, masquerading as anger. Oh well. Red or blue or green or kriffing rainbow striped. In it goes. She shut the compartment door efficiently with an automated little locking click. In Sigmund Freud’s office, the voice of his receptionist erupted through the intercom. “Herr Doctor, your 9 o’clock is here. New patient. Her name is Rey.” “Send her in, Chrysella.” ________________________________________ Well, Monday morning means the start of a new week. Fresh impressions, new insights. Ever since finishing the case study of Ben Solo, Sigmund had been feeling vaguely restless. After the Holiday season, he’d been unable to formulate any coherent theories on female desire. Also, frustratingly, Ben Solo had cancelled his last two appointments. The first out of sick leave reasons, stating on the holocam that he’d decided to go into bacta and get proper medical attention to his cheek wound anyway. The second time, he’d called Sigmund to state that the Supreme Leader had ordered him to enter a special training regimen that would exclude any contact with the outside world for an extended period of time. However, he’d also ensured Sigmund that he would return after his training period, and urged his psychoanalyst not to terminate his treatment. Even through the crackling static of the holocam, Sigmund had been able to discern the desperation in the young man’s voice. Indeed, it wasn’t the first time that Ben Solo caused him entirely unprofessional pangs of pain and worry. But never mind. Even if Ben turned up under a third alias to resume his psychoanalysis, Sigmund would be there. There was always room on the divan. The door opened decisively but soundlessly. A young woman was standing in the doorway. At first, Sigmund interpreted this as some kind of indecision about whether to enter or not. Then, he noted that she was scanning the room with keen deep brown eyes, registering everything before taking the final step. Before he’d had time to invite her in, she stepped over the threshold, closed the door and approached him boldly. The first thing that struck him was her strength. Then, the sheer seething sensations of feelings and emotions burning in her eyes. Oh Force. A trauma survivor. Or maybe a prospective killer. Possibly both. A warrior, no doubt. Stopping a meter in front of him, she inclined her head a fraction. “Doctor Freud. General Organa recommended that I see you. She told me that the two of you are old acquaintances.” Her voice was unexpectedly deep and musical. A clear contralto with a resonance. Also, the accent was High Basic, contrasting ludicrously with her functional but deceptively feminine mode of dress. So many layers to this one, his head started to spin. But most importantly, a female. Force. This one would undoubtedly make him pose ten questions for every single one she answered. Intrigued, he rose and reached out to shake her hand with a slight bow. It came out somewhat deeper than he’d planned. “Welcome to my practice, Rey. The General is indeed an old… friend of mine. We still keep in regular contact. I’d like to hear more about your connection with her, but first I’d like to ask you to lie down on the divan. It’s a simple procedure, that will help you relax and facilitate my concentration.” Her handshake was firm, her slender hand deceptively strong. He could feel the warmth radiating from it into his. Her brown eyes searched his own, similarly coloured, briefly. Then, she nodded and settled on the ancient velvet and ebony piece of furniture, staring up into the ceiling. It would have been a gross exaggeration to say that her posture was relaxed. Ramrod straight, she stared upwards at unknown vistas, crossing her long legs at the ankles. Still, her breath was regular and even. “I’m with the Resistance. That’s how I know the General. I mean, I didn’t meet her until a couple of months ago. But my parents were affiliated with the Resistance Forces. So am I, by birth.” For some reason, he felt the need to reassure her. “Before we set out, I want you to know that in my practice, I’m completely disconnected from any political and ideological faction, or any system of belief. In my line of work, one has to be objective. I believe this is the main reason why General Organa trusts me.” A light tremble passed through her. “I’m a Force sensitive. I only found out a couple of months ago what that implies. Your receptionist recognized it immediately. Force, it’s almost as if she- “Chrysella’s an invaluable asset as a co-worker. She’s really so much more than a receptionist. A large number of my patients are Force sensitives like yourself. I’m familiar with the peculiar difficulties of the condition. You may consider yourself in safe hands, both with Chrysella and myself.” A deep sigh. “All right. Anyway, I’m not here because General Organa thinks I have a problem. Her brother told her. Luke Skywalker. He’s my Jedi Master.” Ah. His interest was firmly piqued. “You are a… Padawan?” A slight hesitation. “I… I’m not sure. I mean, the General sent me with a message to her brother once she managed to locate him. She sent me, because I’m a Force sensitive and had retrieved his old lightsaber. However, once I got to the remote island where he’d been hiding out for the last ten years or so, he refused to leave and accompany us to D’Qar. I mean, he didn’t state anything explicitly. He just kept stalling, asking me to do him this and that little favour. He kept implying that once I succeeded with the tasks, he would return with us.” “Us?” “Sorry. That’s me and Chewie, a Wookiee pilot who accompanied me there and who knows Luke since way back. They were both friends of- Her throat constricted slightly. In his seat, Sigmund frowned. A wookiee named Chewie or something similar? The name echoed in his mind, calling for an ancient memory. So many voices. So many words. Force, so many years spent listening intently. And, let’s face it, occasionally dozing off. The young woman broke off hastily, changing track. “So, he told me to keep the lightsaber. He told me that it wasn’t his, that it had belonged to his father. It was blue, the kind used by the Jedi warriors. You know, the ones trained to do armed combat. The one he built himself is green, the colour of a thinker and negotiator.” “He judged you to be more of a warrior type?” “Yes. He told me he sensed that was my path. Well, I don’t disagree. That weapon calls something out of me that I’ve attempted to shut down. A certain mode of being. Suddenly, I’m faster, sharper, stronger. When I hold it, it’s like I’m connected to a live wire of pure Force. It’s me. It’s everywhere. It’s pulsing in me. I feel it in my blood.” Force! He’d never heard a woman express sentiments like these before. He’d never even realized that they were capable of this odd… hunger? The intensity and arousal of her voice was unmistakeable. “I love using it. I love to fight, to learn the moves, to explore all the things that I can do to my opponent. It’s just…” Frustration. Longing. She misses something. Someone? Still staring up into the ceiling, the young woman banged her fist into the left wall in frustration. “But Master Luke’s a lousy sparring partner! Every time I feel like I’m on the verge of a breakthrough, when I sense that I’m really developing and learning something new, he calls a halt! He keeps telling me I’m breaking into Juyo, whatever that is. He keeps telling me my mode of fighting’s wrong, that my temper is calling me to the Dark Side. I just don’t understand! I mean, what kriffing side? There’s the Force, and that’s it! Period!” She smashed her fist emphatically into the left wall for impact. Her strong young voice was a roar, the sound that battle cries are made of. In his armchair Sigmund stared down at her, wide eyed. Oh Force. This one could give Ben Solo a run for his money. “All right, Rey. Let’s see if I’ve understood this correctly. You were somehow informally assigned to a Jedi Master, but you’re frustrated with his principles and training methods. You feel that your Force talents and abilities demand a different kind of outlet.” She nodded, long dark lashes shading her cheeks. Suddenly, a wave of immeasurable sadness flooded Sigmund’s mind. “I… I mean, I felt it. Once. I… I almost killed him. I mean, he totally deserved it. I would have, if a kriffing chasm hadn’t ripped the ground apart between us. I… I was ready to make the leap. But then I came to my senses. Force, I had to save Finn.” Utter confusion threatened to drown him. Struggling to catch the disconnected jigsaw puzzle pieces in his mind, Sigmund raised his hand to call a halt. Of course, it wasn’t unusual for new patients to suddenly shoot out disconnected pieces of highly emotionally charged information. “Please Rey, wait. You’re loosing me here. Who’s he? Clearly, you’re not talking about your Jedi Master. Why did you want to kill him? And who’s Finn?” She was breathing quickly, almost panting as if running. Twisting restlessly on the divan, her slender body was spasming uncontrollably. “It’s… It’s him! Oh, Master Luke would never, ever understand! How could I stand the shame of telling General Organa, after all she’s done for me? Oh no! I mean I…” She was striving to control her breathing, fighting to ride the turmoil of emotions shooting up from where she’d evidently striven to suppress it. Gaining control over her voice instead of hurtling into full-blown hysterics, she proved her strength of character to Sigmund. “A young man. Strong in the Force. A Force sensitive, like me. He’s with the First Order. I saw him kill someone I’d only just met, but who mattered a great deal to me. My friend Finn and I tried to escape, but he pursued us. He hurt my friend. I made the lightsaber rise up into my hand and do my will. He didn’t try to kill me. It was all my doing. I just sensed this kriffing flow of fire enveloping me! I just couldn’t stop! Oh Force, I’ve never felt so alive! I mean, that was me! Me, Rey, the genie let out of the bottle! For the first time in my life, I felt awake! I wasn’t asleep anymore! And Force, he’s the one who set it all in motion! I need him here, here right now, so that I can…” Sigmund frowned. “…kill him?” She shook her head wildly. The brunette coils of hair were coming undone, spilling tangled tresses everywhere. “Yes! No! I mean, Master Luke says slaying a wounded enemy will make me fall into the Dark Side irrevocably! But I don’t know what else to do with him! He haunts me in my dreams, he…” “You kill him in your dreams?” “NO!” She was almost sobbing with exasperation. Her cheeks were red with something suspiciously like shame. Ok, so this was something of his field of expertise. “What happens in your dreams, Rey?” Her voice was soft, almost inaudible. “He ties me up or locks me down in shackles somewhere. A private place, where no one can reach us and I cannot run away. He cuts or tears my clothes away. Sometimes I’m naked from the start. He whispers in my ear. I know that out of all people alive, he can see me. He’s the only one who knows me. He’s the One. I see him, too. We struggle, but it’s really just a way to show each other who we truly are. Oh Force, I’m such a pathetic fool! To be drooling over a kriffing murderer like that! Yes, ok. So I’m officially crazy. I’ll admit it.” The old psychoanalyst's voice was gentle. Of course, he sensed that the young woman’s dreams and fantasies involved something even more wild and climactic. However, at the moment it was wisest to abstain from pressuring her on that point. Also, he had to show her that he wasn’t some kind of extension of her Jedi Master. “You’re not crazy, Rey. You’ve given me a very lucid and comprehensible description of a passionate attraction for a young man with abilities similar to those of your own. Encountering him must have been quite an intense experience for you, particularly as you say that it awakened your own Force powers. I have full understanding that this encounter haunts you. There is nothing wrong or crazy about it. Rest assured.” He was surprised to realize that he’d been somewhat more outspoken and actively verbal than usual. For some reason, the young woman appeared to be resonating in him. Twisting on the divan, she aimed her deep brown gaze at him. The look was incredulous, warm, full of gratitude. “You… You actually understand? Force! I didn’t think that anybody… I mean, if I told any of my friends, they’d be sure to condemn and shun me…” With a gentle gesture, he indicated that she should resume her original position. “I will neither condemn nor shun you, Rey. The sentiments that you express are very logical and comprehensible. I do not deal in moral correction. What this is all about is helping you retrieve yourself, understand what you really want and who you truly are. Of course, in the course of time all these might change and develop.” A sudden light seemed to have gone on inside her. A miraculous transformation, like suddenly discovering a forgotten piece of diamond jewellery that had hidden all these years inside the ancient divan. “Yes. Yes. I know it! But I mean, I’m so torn apart with it! At night, I dream of meeting him straight on, of kissing him and tearing his clothes off right at the moment when he thinks I’ll kill him. Either that, or him just… touching me, and… I mean, sorry… fucking me while he’s got me tied up. But that- …but that’s not the worst part. I mean, every night at Ahch-To, before going to sleep and right at the moment of awakening, I’d try to locate his presence by means of the Force and pull him to me. Once we finally relocated to D’Qar, after the General had managed to persuade her brother to return there for a visit, I checked the observations on the First Order movements very carefully each day. I needed to know where he was. So ok, I admit it. I was toying with the thought of taking one of the craft and setting out there. In case you’re wondering, I’ve got the piloting skills to do so.” A slight warning note in her deep voice. “I don’t doubt that, Rey. I’ve no prejudice against female pilots. Indeed, I have the utmost admiration for anyone with genuine piloting skills. Myself, I can barely manoeuvre a speeder without crashing into some building. I’ll leave the piloting to experts such as yourself.” Her tense body relaxed slightly. There was even a little laugh. “Yeah, I mean I had to kriffing learn, didn’t I? My parents left me at age 5 on the desert planet of Jakku to fend for myself. They told me that no matter what, they’d be back for me as soon as they’d finished their mission. They never returned.” Sigmund’s eyes widened in horror. “You mean they died?” Silence. Dead stillness, corpselike. “I assume so. An old space pirate on Takodana told me they’d never return. He told me the same thing, after he looked into my mind. Before this happened, I never reflected on it. I just trusted that they’d keep their word. But lately…” Her voice broke. Silence. Struggling to conquer her emotions. “Lately I’ve come to the realization that they just can’t be alive anymore. I mean, Master Luke tasked me with all these mental exercises and meditation. I spent most of the time searching the Galaxy for them. They’re just not there. They abandoned me here.” Sigmund and the girl were in a graveyard, underneath the earth together. “You wish they’d brought you with them. You wish that you had died with them.” Deep shivers travelled up his spine. “Yes. Sometimes.” Silence. “But maybe less frequently. I mean, things have changed. It’s like I just don’t think about them that much anymore. Not like I used to. Maybe it was all some kind of barrier, locking me inside another, limited mode of being. Or maybe I’m just a selfish, lousy person.” The old psychoanalyst frowned. “You’ve been through some terrible things, Rey. Things no child should be forced to suffer. Yet, you’ve survived. You have resources stronger than most sentient beings. You’re not a lousy person. You just need to allow yourself to live.” A minute flick of her right hand over her eyes. No telling if she was just shading her eyes momentarily or actually wiping something out of them. Anyway, she didn’t strike him as the crying kind. When she spoke, her voice was steady, resolved. “Master Luke wants me to return to Ahch-To with him to finish my training. I’ve told him that I cannot. I’m too conflicted. I don’t know what I want. I need to stay here, or on the D’Qar base, to explore my feelings and help the General as best I can. I don’t think I’m ready to become a Jedi. I mean, I know what that entails. Emotional detachment. Lifelong solitude. No emotional attachments. Compassion, but no passion. I don’t think I’m cut out for that. I just don’t know how to tell them. They all have so much hope and faith in me. I really don’t know how this happened.” Sigmund nodded. “I find that to be a perfectly comprehensible position. Rey, if you’d agree to engage in a long-term contract treatment here, you may refer to that if people try to pressurise you. In psychoanalysis, one recommends making no life altering decisions while in treatment. Of course, most of my patients choose to ignore that and do as they please anyway. However, it’s still a good guideline. If nothing else, if you want something badly enough to cross that line, you’ll know it’s true.” She nodded, her face suddenly calm. “Yes. I believe you’re right. Can I return here once a week to see you?” Sigmund nodded. “Of course you can. I’m looking forward to seeing you next week.” The young woman swung her long slender legs over the edge of the divan to rise. Stalking over to Sigmund, she took his hand in her firm warm grasp and shook it. A newfound resolution burned in the deep brown eyes. “Thank you, Doctor Freud. I will return.” Notes: Ok, so I'll admit to already having a fine candidate for the role of patient in Chapter 3. However, I'd be glad to take requests. Notes: Well. I really, really hope they don't make that scar turn out _too_ bad in the next film.