Hux, Phasma and Kylo are all in a meeting room in the Finalizer planning out their next round of attacks on The Resistance. About mid-way in Hux and Kylo start their usual head butting and bickering while Phasma watches with an unamused grimace under her helmet. "-use the starkiller? Are you trying to start a full blow war with the New Republic?! It’s not like the resistance is large, we send teams or Troopers and my Ren to destroy the bases and be done" Kylo hisses at the ginger man, firmly gripping his helmet sitting on the table. "You won’t completely stomp out the problem that way. They jump around between planets for a reason. Which is why I say we use the Starkiller to wipe out the one planet they use as a main base. The New Republic leaders won’t do anything besides kneel to the Order once they see the firepower we have" Hux retorts smugly, making the knight sneer at him. "We have a visitor." Phasma interjects as Kylo opens his mouth to respond Both men turn to the door to face you, making you jump a bit at their intense looks. "What is it?" Hux asks first in a calm tone. "I’m sorry for interrupting, General" you say nervously, "but-" "But what? Hurry and spit it out were in the middle of something." Kylo snaps at you while banging his fist onto the table, making his helmet shake against the metal. "-But, Supreme Leader Snoke requests your presence on the throne deck. Along with Kylo." You stammer out quickly while wringing your fists tightly behind your back. "Very well then." Hux says standing and straightening his jacket while Kylo rises in silence and puts his helmet back on. You step aside as they both pass through the doorway. You and Phasma stare at each other for a minute. "Business as usual" You awkwardly laugh as she gives a small, quiet nod. "I’ll go now" You mumble before scurrying in the back to your station on the control deck. ************************************** A little while later you go to you room on the living quarter’s deck. Whipping your hat off with a sigh and tossing it on the nightstand. You kick off your boots before heading over to the bathroom for a hot shower to relax. You reenter the room afterwards and sift through you dresser for something to wear to bed, only finding a lingerie nightgown from when you some of the other first order officers went to Coruscant during a night off. "I should really do my laundry" You mumble holding up the sheer and lacey black garment. You wiggle into the garment and slide on the matching panties. You wring out your hair until it’s nearly dry and tussle it a bit before flopping into bed, laying in silence for a while drifting into sleep. A knocking on the door echoes in the room and jolts you from your tried daze. "Who the hell could that be?" You grumble as you rise out of the bed and walk over to the door, pressing the button to open it. "Good Ev- are you expecting someone?" Kylo smirks as his eyes dart to the ensemble. “It’s all I had clean" You mutter in a quiet embarrassment as you look down to your feet. "Are you going to let me in?" He presses with a much more amused grin plastering his face now. "I don’t even know why you here, do you even know who I am?" "You’re the comms girl that stopped the usual fight I have with Hux today. That’s all I need to know as far as I’m concerned" He grins wider. "What do you mean?" You ask as he gently shoves his way into your room, setting his helmet on the dresser. You press the button again to close the door. "I mean, that if you, the lady, agrees to it, well make that night gown dirty like the rest of your laundry." He muses while pulling off his gloves and tossing them next to his helmet. "Just to warn you, I am quiet persuasive…" he jokes darkly as he set his lightsaber down. You feel your face drain of color. Another knock rings out once again "You’re a popular one" Kylo hums amused "I’m really not." You groan more to yourself than to him as you reopen the door to face Hux. "My, my, what a provocative choice in night wear." He coos before thinking of a more profession response as your face heats back up "Good evening, General" You embarrassingly greet as you tug down the skirt of the lingerie. "Do you have...company." Hux hisses the last word as his eyes fall on Kylo casually leaning against the bed post, the answer to his question. "I didn’t invite him, sir, I swear! He just came here! Like you just now!" You quickly defend yourself as they scowl at each other from afar. Hux motions you to step out the way of the entrance. You oblige, allowing him to walk in straight to Kylo as you shut the door again. "It seems we both got the same idea after this afternoon." Hux deadpans "So it seems" Kylo says through gritted teeth, casual demur seemingly gone. "Who did you threaten to find her room?" Hux snarls with a perfectly raise eyebrow "No one of your concern." Kylo snaps They both glare at each other without another word. "Uh, am I missing something?" You interrupt. "It seems that Ren and I can have a similar thought ever other moon" Hux vauge-splains as he removes his coat and lays it on the dresser "Which is?" You ask with a hint of concern "Do you think you can share for a night?" Kylo bargains suddenly, ignoring you question completely. "I suppose I don’t have a choice. Why subject her to our arguments and possibly scare her away." Hux grimaces to himself. They give each other a nod in agreement. Your eyes skeptically dart between them as they pull off their boots. "Come here" Hux purrs with a ‘come hither’ finger curl while sitting on the edge of your bed. You obey, walking over to the bed. Once you get near enough he tugs you in front of him. Using feather light touches, he grazes his hands across your bare flesh. You shiver at the feeling of his cold gloves on your rapidly heating body. "What’s going to happen?" You ask them quietly. "A night you’ll remember," Kylo coos as he walks behind you and presses his crotch against your ass "forever" Hux grips you wrists and pulls you into his lap away from Kylo. The brunette man teasingly ‘tsks” the general. Hux ignores him, running a finger over your jawline to your chin with precision. He pushes his hips up into yours with a smirk as you let a surprised yelp slip. "I think you can have that pretty little mouth first" Kylo grins at Hux "I see something else I want" The Knight runs a hand down your ass before sliding it back up and taking the garment’s skirt with it. Kylo grabs a hand full of cheek before removing his hand and bringing it back down with a harsh smack. You yelp in a pained surprise this time. The general rolls his eyes and swats Kylo’s hand away. "We want to pleasure her not bruise her tonight." Hux sternly scolds the other man. Hux gives Kylo a smug smirk as he drags a gloved finger along your core making you moan a bit. "Her noises are much more satisfying in that sense." Hux moves a hand under the panties of the lingerie and presses his still gloved finger into you. You gasp and grip his shoulders as he start to thrust the finger in deeper, teasing your wet hole with a second one. Meanwhile Kylo wraps his fist around your still semi wet hair and holds you in place for Hux. "You don’t cum until we tell you to" The Knight hums lowly into your ear. He takes the fist wrapped in your hair and tugs your head to the side, exposing your neck. Kylo dips down and starts to roughly bite and suck a trail down it, leaving deep purple marks where his mouth conquered your sensitive skin. You pant a bit as Hux alternates between slow and fast pacing with his now, two fingers. Kylo slowly drags his tongue up your neck while dragging his free hand up under the nightgown. His calloused fingers run up one of your nipples, gripping the perk bud and rolling it between his index and thumb. You rest your head against his shoulder and raise your hips a bit to changes the angle of Hux's thrusting digits. Kylo switches his finger to the other side, loosening his grip on your hair and looks over to Hux. Hux’s eyes dart to his with a glimmer in them. Without warning he removes his fingers making you whimper in sadness. "Don’t worry darling, there’s still more to come" Hux reassuringly purrs as Kylo removes his hands from under the gown and out of your hair. He slides them back down your body and drags your panties off, letting them drop to the floor. Hux sticks the soaking fingers up to your mouth. "Be a good girl and suck them clean for me." You nod and part your lips, sliding them around Hux’s fingers. You use your tongue to lap up every bit of wetness on his gloved fingers. You flick your eyes to Hux’s, now blown out eyes. "Can you taste you’re sweet juices?" He grins with a hum laced in lust. Kylo strokes your shoulders as he intently watches how your body reacts. "She’s practically gushing." He smirks as some of your wetness roll down your leg and onto Hux’s pants. The general removes his finger with a smirk. "On your knees" He commands You drift down until your knees hit the cool metal floor. Hux watches you carefully as he unbuckles his pants, gleefully grinning as your eyes widen and cheeks heat with a red tinge. Hux strokes himself a bit to get harder than he already is. "Open that pretty mouth of yours again." He purrs and once again your lips part. This time he wraps a hand into your hair and guides your mouth to his cock. You start to suck the head as he eases you down. Kylo’s grip on your shoulder’s tightening. You swirl your tongue around the bottom of the general’s shaft, felling him throb against your cheek. Hux lets out a noise of an approval as he bobs you head along his cock. Kylo slides the straps of the garment off your shoulders and lets it the top half fall to your waist. He spreads your knees and lifts your hips a bit. You grip Hux’s thighs for purchase as the Knight ducks down onto the floor right under you and runs his long tongue over your folds to your clit. You moan in shock causing vibrations to ring out against Hux’s shaft. He lets out a moan and bobs your head quickly, burying himself down into your throat. A gagged moan escapes you as Kylo starts to lick teasing circles around your hole. The brunette runs his tongue back up to your clit, lapping it. You whimper soemmore and grip Hux’s thighs harder as your eyes screw shut in pleasure. Hux buries himself deep into your throat before drenching the walls of your mouth with his hot cum. He groans your name to himself before pulling you mouth off of him with a 'pop'. You swallow all of the cum and lick any leftovers off your lips. Kylo crawls out from under you and helps you up. The lingerie falls to the floor completely. "Bed. Now" The knight orders as he and Hux both quickly strip down. You crawl on to the bed before feeling a pair of strong hands grip your hips and pull you back. "I think you’re plenty wet enough to take the rear" kylo muses to Hux as his lays down flat on his back on the bed. Hux makes a of disproval noise in his throat as Kylo positions your entrance over him. “I, uh, I have some lube in the nightstand, sir” You stammer as your face heats up. Hux reaches over to the stand, opening the drawer and pulling out a small bottle. Hux climbs onto the bed behind you. The general drizzles the slick substance onto himself, rubbing it around with his hand. He puts a little on his now gloveless fingers and lubricates your ass. You pant a little and bend over, laying on top of Kylo’s chest for him to get a better angle. Hux scissors his fingers until he feels you’re stretched enough for him. Kylo grips your hips, re-positioning you as he lowers you onto him after the ginger man removes his digits. You gasp little then sigh as he nestles himself into you. "Brace yourself" He murmurs while wrapping a protective arm around your back and using his other hand cradle your head You feel Hux grip your hips and push in. A whimpery scream tears out your mouth as Kylo soothingly strokes your hair. Hux stills a bit waiting for you to adjust. A minute or so passes before you nod in Kylo’s hold. They both pull out a bit then thrust back in making you moan loudly. Kylo starts a rhythm of slow deep thrusts while Hux sticks to quick shallow thrusting. Kylo loosens his hold on your back letting you sit up a bit. You splay your palms against Kylo’s chest while his hands dart up to play with your breasts and tug at your nipples once again. Hux’s hands grip your hips tightly. They both hold back their noises only letting out grunts while the room fills with your breathy moans. "F-faster Kylo" You pant out as the Knight picks up his pace to match Hux’s. He brings down hand and plays with your clit while Hux ruts deeper into you. You whimper a bit as you feel yourself inch closer to your orgasm. Hux smirks and buries his face into your neck on the opposite side of Kylo’s marks. He opts to leave one large purpleish mark at the base of your neck in contrast to Kylo’s small red ones. You arch your back towards him and sit up a bit. He uses his free hand to turn you face to his and plants a small tender kiss against your lips, making you blush a deep scarlet. "Please" You beg against his lips as he pulls away a centimeter. You feel yourself ready to burst if this goes on any longer. "Should we let her?" Hux grins at Kylo. "I think she’s earned it," The brunette smirks back as he wraps an arm around your back once again and pulls you down, “but, you have to kiss me first." Hux rolls his eyes as Kylo crashes his lips into yours with a rough kiss rolling your bottom lip between his teeth. You whimper quietly after he lets go and feel yourself go over the edge. You cum loudly moaning their names. Both men groan as your walls tighten around them and get slicker. Kylo does a few more hard thrusts before burying himself into you and cumming with Hux following him shortly after him shortly. Hux pulls out of your ass as Kylo helps you off him. You collapse onto your tangled sheets panting. You feel a mixture of cum from all three of you leak out onto your bed as you watch them clean themselves up and dress with half lidded eyes. "What did I tell ya’?" Kylo grins before planting a kiss onto you forehead "I’ll see you later." The Knight winks before slipping out your quarters while putting his helmet on, leaving Hux who’s straightening his jacket against his shoulders. He walks over to the bed. "Get some sleep Officer Y/L/N. You won’t be penalized tomorrow if you are late to your station" He says softly as you nod. He plants one more small kiss to your lips and pulls a blanket over you as you drift off to sleep before leaving. Notes: Forgive me Kathleen Kennedy, I feel like this was not intended when you, JJ and Lawrence came up with these new characters.