Poe Dameron had been six years old the first time he’d flown a craft. Granted, he’d been seated comfortably on his mother’s lap and his hands had barely reached the controls, but his inborn gift was undeniable; his mother had told him so. From there it’d been a matter of winging it (pun most certainly intended) –- mastering every flight technique known to man, learning every craft inside and out, gaining exceptional skill and rising through the ranks of the Resistance. There was something to be said for being a one-of-a-kind military brat prodigy. Weaponry came easy, nothing but taking aim and pushing a button, pulling a trigger -– Poe had never found any of it overwhelming. All that natural talent and yet –- There he was, slammed flat on his back onto the training mat, Rey hovering over him with the tip of her lightsaber thrumming at his neck. A few seconds of heavy breathing on both parts, equally exhausted from the sparring match moments before, then Poe sighed heavily. "That was a lucky hit," he insisted. Rey retracted her weapon. "Like hell it was," she scoffed. "As were the previous five, is that what you mean?" Finn was watching the show from a bench at the far end of the room, wholeheartedly enjoying Rey kicking Poe’s ass time and time again, and doing nothing at all to help. Poe had insisted, loudly and repeatedly, that he could handle himself. And Finn happily obliged. To top it all off, he helpfully threw in the occasional shout of moral support, along the lines of: get your ass off the ground, Dameron; BB-8 could do better than that , et cetera. Truly, love at its finest. "Fine," Poe pushed himself up off the mat, bruised and exhausted, driven by his stubbornness alone, "we go another round. One more." Rey could not believe what she was hearing, really -– rather than impressive, she thought it plain laughable that after countless defeats Poe would still drag himself to his feet only to get knocked down again. Iron will, sheer stupidity, could've been either. He was no match for her, in the end -- he wouldn't be able to sense the Force if it walked up to him and flicked him right in the nose. "Just stick to flying," Finn called out, saving Rey from an awkward Poe, you're bleeding from your head, please stop tirade. "You don't have to be good at hand to hand combat up in the sky, you know." And while Finn’s argument was rock solid, truth be told, Poe just couldn't stand the thought of being bad at something. It came with the territory. People congratulating him, time and time again: on a flight well executed, on a batle well won. It was intolerable to be anything less than praise-worthy. As was entirely expected in that moment, Finn read his mind, deciphering Poe’s tense, calculating silence as he dragged himself off the ground. "Come on, Dameron, you don't have to be ace at everything ." Poe side-eyed Finn, raised eyebrow and all, to convey that, no , he wouldn’t stop trying, not until his proverbial dying breath. Not even in exchange for -– hm, okay, maybe there were some things Poe would enjoy more, if Finn offered. Rey sensed Poe’s indecisiveness and cracked a sly smirk. She couldn't pass up the opportunity of having a willing sparring volunteer, however questionable his skills. "I suppose it would help if he were at least half decent. Say his fighter crashes and he's suddenly stranded and surrounded." Finn gaped, because Poe had already decided to give in to the teasing suggestion -- that much was visible -- suddenly very motivated to keep on going, and Rey was outright grinning. He glared tiredly at Poe, who was literally bleeding from his head, and sighed. "It's like you want to get your ass handed to you."