Today she found herself in the West quarter of Jakku. It was another hot day, dry with the ever present wisp of dusty wind. It was midday when she left her speeder behind, parked up next to two talking droids, a makeshift cloth bag swinging off her shoulder as she leapt down. Curious as ever, the girl found her feet carrying her off in the direction of the all too familiar marketplace. The marketplace was oddly quiet, eerie for this time of week and the girl wondered if something was wrong until she emerged onto a square where suddenly crowds were mingling and speeders were parked. She debated where to go first until she caught sight of the quietest shop situated in the middle between a bar and a cantina, and felt an unearthly pull towards the shop. Her fate was decided. The shop was small, dust filled and full of ancient things. The girl recognised bits of space junk she had sworn had left her hands many times before. The shelves were a zig-zag maze of relics and bolts and cables and wires. She ducked to avoid the swinging hands of a moving clock and stumbled into a shelf of goblets and glass. The seller remained unmoving, lost in his clean up operation of the counter of the shop. The wind was picking up again, blowing the girls hair away from her face and the man cursed under his breath as yet more dust trickled over his counter. The girl wondered why he even bothered. The entire shop was a mess and an organised chaos in the best of terms. The keeper was a small shadow of a man, lean with short receding hair and a pair of glasses that had seen better days (cracked and chipped at the corners) The girl wondered how the man could still see with broken lenses but knew that anyone who owned a place like this would have to be some kind of eccentric. Her eyes whipped back to the shelves, to the junk. Truth be told, she had no money to buy anything - she never did - but she always had something to trade if the chance gave way and on Jakku it often did. She saw gloves, metallic gloves. Bits of droids and old blaster guns. Nothing remotely took her interest until her eyes landed on a tall piece resting against the very edge of the back shelf. A staff. With excitement, she moved forward to grab the object, to feel it with her hands. It was perfect for her size and would probably come in handy when traders and dealers got too cocky or when rivals would try to steal her finds. "How much for this?" she called out suddenly to the keeper. The man glanced around, peering over his glasses at the staff the girl was clasping, watching as she weighed it up in between both of her hands. "Here's the deal, right?” the girl continued. “I have something you might be interested in" He turned back to the shelf he was washing, his sponge damp and dirty. A symptom of running a shop on Jakku. "I trade on my terms" None the less, curiosity got the better of him and he turned back around when the girl unhooked her make shift bag and watched as she placed the bag down on the counter. Her hands tore back the cloth to reveal the clinking items she hoped to cash in on. The keepers eyes recognised them immediately. "What would I need a handful of thermal imploders for?" "You tell me. But what I do know is that you have a lot of trouble here on market day and these kind of weapons aren't something I like or use, so either you take them or I'll find the next highest bidder. I hear there's a lot around here" "Technology like this hasn't been seen since the days of the Galactic Empire" The man said with a kind of awe and the girl smirked, knowing she had a sale. "Where did you find them?" The man glanced up, missing the grin of an obvious sale, as his fingers danced across the round objects. "Careful there. You ought to save them for a rainy day and as for where I found them, a scavenger never reveals her truth" "You want the staff, yes? Trading thermal imploders for a dusty old staff" The man shook his head and the girl made a face at the "crazy" motion he made with his hand. " Why not ?" The girl shrugged. "It looks cool" " It looks cool " The man let out a laugh. "I am not the one losing out on this trade so I will happily accept. Items are not returnable" The girl smiled at her new staff. " Likewise " The girl weighed the staff up in her right hand then her left. She waved it to the left then to the right. In a strange way, it reminded her of something else. The motion felt oddly familiar and for a moment, she was lost in trailing her finger down the object, across the ridges and bumps until the shop owner spoke up. The staff was missing some added details of course. She would add extra pieces of cloth to it before sunset. "What is your name, Scavenger Girl?" The girl glanced around. In the distance her eyes traced the declining outlines of passing speeders and people on the first ships out of Jakku, over dusty sand dunes and rugged land. She often wondered what it would feel like to reach that part of land and to know you were not ever going to come back. The trail was simple but tiring and one she had often visited to trade found items, space junk at the very edge of towns she had spent all her life getting to know. "I'm Rey"