Mine I want to be honest I want to be bad I want to destroy you He wasn’t a creature in a mask. At least that wasn’t what he wants that scavenger girl to think of him. Why he minded her impression of him was another troubling mystery on its own. He paces the interrogation room, waiting for her to wake up so that the process can commence. It doesn’t matter what this powerless little girl thinks of me. Granted, she was strong but still nothing against him, for even with the Force in her, a girl untrained was a powerless fighter. He wants her to know him, but without the added complications of being exposed. And at the same time, he wants the Resistance’s little bug crushed. That wasn’t what Snoke wanted. He wants her destroyed. And to be fair to himself, Kylo Ren wants a bit of it too. However, whatever bit of Ben Solo lingered was vehemently against it. “It happens when you’re being hunted by a creature in a mask.” I want to be faithful I want to be raw Ben wants her to see him as he was, naked and true. Why he wanted this girl to see him for himself was beyond Kylo Ren. Kylo would never allow that - it was tantamount sacrilege, to his doom. In that one moment of contemplation, Ben won. He takes off the helmet and lets her drink in his visage, defying her expectation of the blood thirsty disfigured menace behind a mask. A youthful, boyish face greets her, and he can see the look of mild shock, surprise and disappointment. I want what I ask for I get what I want He asks her politely to hand over information - she refuses, and even though that defiance annoys him to the core, it lights a spark of curiosity in him. The girl exceeds expectations by her attitude and feisty demeanour. “You know I can get what I want.” He wants to break her, so that’s what he does. It doesn’t affect her. And her blocking his attempts to probe her mind are just as surprising. Interesting. I think to be thoughtful I know that I'm not He’s rash and impetuous, and he knows he hasn’t thought shit through when he sees her break through his barriers and expose his memories, throwing them around like a pinch of salt. He’s an idiot, that’s what he is. You think I'm a fake And I know you're a fraud He plays upon her weaknesses, exploiting her fool’s hope of seeing a family, her (in his eyes) irrational attachment to Han Solo, her loneliness and her closed, cut-off self. He doesn’t realise he’s seeing himself till he she gets to his greatest weaknesses. They’re not so different, after all. I'll fucking digest you One kiss at a time Like the impetuous and reckless ass that he is, he takes the most unorthodox route to get to her, and if he’s true to himself, he enjoys that kiss way more than he lets on - he enjoys their connection, the electricity surging through his veins. He wants her by his side, wants to know every part of her better than she does herself. You wish I was yours And I hope that you're mine. So when they meet again, this time in battle, he puts the offer on the table, hoping that some part of her would be swayed. But she needs no teacher in her eyes, especially not him - not that creature with a mask. But what of the person behind it? She doesn’t seem to deny him when they meet again on a deserted planet three months later, their selves a mass of tangled limbs and thoughts, the Force surging through them as if in one being alone. Kylo Ren may hold no claim over her, but Ben Solo has taken Rey for his own. And only his will she remain. The fleeting, heated kiss given for a goodbye reminds him that she thinks the same too. Chapter 2 : Worth It I’m astonished to see the reception, to be fair - so here goes another chapter. Just as a note, each chapter will have excerpts from or revolve around a song (cause any song is a Reylo song if you try hard enough). This one is based on Halsey’s I Walk The Line. I keep a close watch on this heart of mine Kylo Ren is not a man of weakness - and self control is his greatest weapon. Many had failed to keep their emotions in check, and that was one thing he was pretty good at. Something I have Luke Skywalker to thank for. Admittedly, Jedi training was pretty handy a lot of times. However, his heart is as rebellious as a certain member of the Resistance, refusing to accede to his brain. So he decides to watch it closely, to keep it in line. I keep my eyes wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds Vigilance is Rey’s sole reason for survival. It is her alertness, quick-wittedness and her mantra of “eyes wide open always” that had pulled her out of some unsavoury and (in some cases) fatal scrapes. However, it doesn’t shield her from Kylo Ren. She’s still looking for her family, and often thinks of Maz Kanata’s words. She does have a family now - Poe and Finn and BB-8 and Chewbacca. She wonders if Kylo Ren is more than that. Ben Solo certainly is. Because you're mine, I walk the line He walks a thin line right now. Hux suspects his emotions, and tried to prise the cause for his frequent disappearances, which he quickly dismisses under the guise of recon missions. He cannot let anyone know that he’s trying to obliterate all her steps - he cannot let anyone catch wind of her. And I cannot let anyone know why I do this. So when Hux asks why he is so hell-bent on personally supervising everything now, he blames the General’s ineptness and tells him that the desert rat is his to finish. I find it very, very easy to be true Rey doesn’t find it easy to trust - however, she finds it easy to be loyal to the ones she does. A harsh upbringing like hers would do that to a person - you stick with the friends you have, the allies you do. You trust no one, and are loyal to the ones you do. That’s why she’s so loyal to him. She trusts him and the knowledge that he’ll always be back, with a battle or a long night in tow. She trusts the knowledge that he’ll always wipe her slate clean - I haven’t died at Order hands yet. She is loyal because she knows he’ll always be there to dull the loneliness and the pain, that his arms and lips and thoughts will find her, regardless of her location in the galaxy. She is safe in the knowledge that they will always have each other, in love or at war. So she’s fiercely loyal to him. I find myself alone when each day is through He’s always been alone at the end of the day, and when it gets to him, he isn’t. And no, the damn helmet doesn’t help matters. He ends up on whatever planet she is, tracing her location by their connection and the Millennium Falcon’s presence. He’ll ditch his jet and walk through the landscape, searching for that staff, the blue lightsaber or those hazel eyes that he could spot in a sandstorm. When she’s upset, he’ll find her in five minutes; when she’s pissed, a day, and when she’s playful, more. And when she comes looking for him, it’s the same game over again. He thanks the Force for having her to ease his loneliness. Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you They’re both fools when it comes to each other. On good days, they talk and learn more about the other; on bad ones, they fight and turn their back on the other, swearing vengeance on the next encounter (which somehow always ends in a kiss); on really bad ones, they ravage and destroy and break down in front of the other, laying themselves bare. They both know how vulnerable their true selves are, and they know how stupid it is to let the enemy have that knowledge. But we’re not enemies - we’re just two people working out a solution the hard way. They both know how relieved they feel when the other envelopes them in a hug, pressing a slow and tender, or a rough and passionate kiss on the other, knowing that of all the things in the world, this strange relationship will be a constant. They’re ready to be fools for it. You've got a way to keep me on your side You give me cause for love that I can't hide He has to admit she is good at negotiating. No matter how much he tries, her pleas tug at the light within him and gain purchase on the dark. In those moments, he vows to never see her again - her fierceness and tenacity make him decide the other way. There is no way in heaven or hell I will deny myself that. Some might think of him as a sentimental fool, but Rey’s inner self is what truly calls at him, though her pretty face and petite body, and those hazel eyes and soft lips do play a significant part. He doesn’t bother hiding his love and admiration for her. She doesn’t understand how he does it. She finds herself defending him in every argument with Poe or Finn, and they look at her, worried whether he has won her over. The battles reassure them of her allegiance to the light, but they have seen too many stolen kisses and hidden embraces to doubt her allegiance to him. She knows they know, and it makes her feel better, knowing she doesn’t have to hide his part in her life from her friends. And though she’d prefer the privacy, she loves the sparks that run through her when he kisses her when they’re watching, knowing that he is in too deep to care anymore. For you I know I'd even try to turn the tide He knows that Snoke’s wrath would be a small pain compared to losing her presence. He can bear the lightning and the sparks, and take all the lashing and punishment he can get, if it can spare her the agony of this. Hux smiles at the fall from grace, not even bothering to hide his glee - he tells Kylo how he knew the girl would be his downfall. And I’m proud of it, the Knight of Ren thinks before consciousness leaves him. Because you're mine, I walk the line Rey knew what she was in for the moment she fell in love with that young dark knight. So when she is dragged away by the General for her crime of corrupting the Supreme Leader’s favourite apprentice, she walks with her head held high and self assured, with the knowledge that if push comes to shove, they will both go down swinging, and if things go as planned, freedom and his companionship were hers forever. The hysterical laughs and the fervent kisses, mingled with their tears and blood and sweat as they fly away to some unknown world make all that torture and the pain worth it. Chapter 3 : Promise Well, here goes another chapter (although I feel the previous chapter's beauty cannot be recreated). This one has lines borrowed from Florence + The Machine's Howl. Hope you like it. If you could only see the beast you've made of me I held it in but now it seems you've set it running free Rey had never felt so powerless and yet so powerful. His touch makes her body collapse like ice, melting under his touch, but her veins crackle with electricity, making her feel alive and so full of power. This is when she feels the allure of the Dark at its peak - the unrestrained power, the beast set free. And she will be free, if not for the evil it entails, that holds her back from giving in. She would be free from her emotional bounds, but would she ever be free from her moral ones? She knows the answer is a no - so she walks away, leaving both of them frustrated and wanting more. Screaming in the dark, I howl when we're apart Drag my teeth across your chest to taste your beating heart Kylo Ren had never gotten used to loneliness. He feels the absence of his mother like a dull ache. His father, having been forever absent, makes little or no difference to him. A second without Rey, however, is a second in torture. He is frustrated at her stubbornness, her refusal to join the Dark Side. To her, joining him and joining the Dark Side are two different things - couldn't she see he and the darkness were one now? He hates to admit she has clearer sight. The want, the yearning that courses through his body is a pain that refuses to leave, and a pain he somehow loves and hates bearing. On the moments they are together, the pain leaves, replaced by a heady feeling of euphoria and ecstasy, like a potent drug that ceases to work the moment she leaves. And like the classic addict, he only wants more. My fingers claw your skin, try to tear my way in You are the moon that breaks the night for which I have to howl She could never have enough. Despite the scars and the injuries, the pain and the exertion she faces every time they fight, she keeps coming back, taunting and goading so that he has no choice but to retaliate. The circle continues, and doesn't cease when the battle does. It continues on their late-night trysts, their solitary discussions on a topographical feature common of the planet they've last fought on. She loves to talk to him, to know more, and even though he is unwilling, she manages to wrest details of his past life from the nooks and crannies he's shoved them into. It continues every time he touches her, every time their lips connect. The saints can't help me now, the ropes have been unbound I hunt for you with bloody feet across the hallow'd ground "We will meet again." He remembers the first time he told her that - the hatred and want and curiosity imbued in the words. The next time he said that, he was dazed and perilously close to drunk, without having drunk anything - she could do that to him. The next time it was uttered, it was Rey, who promised to bring him back to where he belonged. They hadn't seen each other till he had decided to attack Naboo just for drawing her attention. It had worked, and he remembers telling her the same thing just cloaked in different words. "I promise to never let anyone but me hunt you." She had replied with a searing kiss and a parting whisper of "neither will I". Be careful of the curse that falls on young lovers Starts so soft and sweet and turns them to hunters For them, Rey muses, it had never started soft and sweet, like everyone described it. It was rough and hungry and passionate and destructive and beautiful in all its dark and dangerous glory. And I would never want it any other way. The fabric of your flesh, pure as a wedding dress She is pure and untainted, and his darkness can only be balanced by her light. He isn't ashamed to admit he needs her. Until I wrap myself inside your arms I cannot rest When Poe had seen his black towering frame wrap its arms around her small white one, he'd given her a look that would best mimic an angry Wookie. "You're insane." She doesn't care - the peace and the safety he brings with him, the feeling of insulation, of being in a world alone is more than anything the Resistance can offer. And as toxic as they are together, fighting and wanting and depending upon the other, it is the most alive, the most real they ever feel. So she tells Poe that's what she is, and proud if it. The saints can't help me now, the ropes have been unbound I hunt for you with bloodied feet across the hallow'd ground So when he hears Hux heading a search party for 'that scavenger rat', the beast in him howls and he remembers his promise. Chapter 4 : Not About Angels This is a slightly different chapter when compared to my previous ones, yet, I hope you guys will like it. Here goes Birdy's Not About Angels. We know full well there's just time She sees him standing in a corner, saber lit. He's keeping an eye on the landscape, and with his parents not there, no one knows Kylo Ren is here, save for her and Finn, the latter glaring at the cream-cloaked man. Seeing him look back at Rey, Finn moves forward, but she holds him back. "Well hello, my lady. Care for a walk?" he extends a hand, a small smile gracing his lips. She nods, placing her small one in his, and they walk off into the sand, their steps erased by the wind, which could've been just him, she thinks. She can feel Finn intently gaze in her direction, waiting for that moment when she returns battered and broken and he can say "I told you so", Poe heartily backing him. "You chose your clothes well," she cheekily remarks, and he just smiles, pulling her forward. They reach an abandoned AT-AT that's not her home anymore. "Well, the occasion demanded," he answers as they walk around the place, him drinking its history in. He looks back and forth between her and the tally marks on the wall, his face showing guilt. Not that he is responsible for it, she thinks as she joins him. His nod answers her mute question, and he takes a hand, pressing it to his cheek. "How does my pain help you?" "You've always wanted know me - I need to know you." So is it wrong to dance this line? She wonders how a man with so much love could mercilessly murder thousands and not let it weigh on his conscience - but then, Kylo Ren and Ben Solo are worlds apart, and she has the good fortune of seeing the latter. "I'm sorry," he whispers to no one in particular, a stray tear making its way down her fingers. She doesn't know what to say. A few moments pass before he smiles, pulling her closer. "Have you ever danced?" he asks, even though he already knows the answer. They move to a tune only they can hear, the Force giving her access to those precious memories of Leia and him at the piano - an instrument she's only heard of. It's complex and beautiful, just like him. If your heart was full of love, Could you give it up? He claims to not have a heart. If only I really didn't. He curses himself for even thinking that every time he sees Rey smile up at him, the two illuminated by only the night sky. He's in a rusting AT-AT walker, wearing an old and battered grey robe, with only three hours before he returns to the monster the world knows him to be. This is the most beautiful moment he's had the priviledge to live, and he can't give this up. How unfair, it's just our luck Found something real that's out of touch Like all good things, she knows how real and temporary this is. These stolen moments are the happiest he's ever been. And like all stolen things, they must either be returned or destroyed. He doesn't have the strength to do either. But if you'd searched the whole wide world Would you dare to let it go? She just can't let it go. It would kill her to be the first to walk away from this, from him - besides, he's always been better at turning away. But today it seems like none of them can let it go, and she knows that if they do, they'll never find someone else like the other again. She can't be stupid enough to let go, and prays Ben isn't. He pulls her closer, committing whatever he can to memory, before he returns to that dark and desolate world which he chose as his home. I feel like a master of bad choices. And he is, for even when he knows how dangerous it is for them should he overstay, he does, and they dance through the night. Neither one dares to pull away. Don't give me up He's a desperate man. Every day, he revels and recoils from the creature that is Kylo Ren, and prays that Rey rescues him from the poison he concocted from himself, a poison that will help him survive, but stop him from living. The light in him grows stronger with every moment spent with her and try as he may, Snoke will sense it and she will have to pay. As much as he treasures her safety, he doesn't want her to give up on him. 'Cause what about, what about angels? They will come, they will go, make us special She wishes angels were rewarded too. Angels are the ones who get no recognition for their good deeds and are punished brutally for their bad ones. She has received none for any of her deeds, and he has suffered far too much, and wonders if what she can offer is enough. His smile tells her this is more than he could ever ask for. It's not about, not about angels, angels When they part ways, Rey is reminded of the cruel world they live in, which has no place for the goodness of angels, and looking at the steadily retreating figure now clad in black, she understands why he sealed a deal with the Devil. Because this world is not about angels. Chapter 5 : Perfect Well, this was the longest and the most difficult chapter I have ever written to date, primarily because of the intensity of emotions involved and because I wanted to get as close as I could to what they might really turn out like. I still ship Reylo with all my hear. But, a warning - it's nothing like the previous chapter, so be prepared for this piece centered around My Darkest Days' Perfect. I was fine right before I met her Never hurt and nothing could control me He was all he wanted to be before she came. He punches the wall in rage, trying to purge her from his memories - the fierce determination, those shining eyes, the Light pouring from her like a waterfall, turning him to snow, melting him with her brilliance. It's pathetic. He remembers her affection towards the stormtrooper, and the rage intensifies, burning through him like a cursed fire, consuming anything and everything that dares to come in its way. He wants to crush that traitor, make him see the agony his body and soul reel under. The outburst continues till his hands bleed, till flesh and blood part to make way for bone. He sees Hux pass his room and stare in consternation at the mangled hands - the general quails under the look he gives him and leaves, for he knows that in these moments, Kylo Ren is best left to his own devices. The hurt and hate coursing through his veins begins to fill his every cell like oxygen, invading every fibre of him till he feels and sees nothing but her. He now knows what burning feels like. You know I tried but I can't regret her He doesn't regret it. They stand facing the other, the blizzard raging thick and fast around them. They spar like wind and lightning, striking and blocking on instinct. She falls in the snow but gets back up in an instant, her fierceness intensifying the beauty she radiates, strengthening and weakening his resolve at the same instant. He wants to destroy her, to ruin her like she's ruined him - he wants her to reflect the darkness, the pain, the hurt, agony and the hatred in him, but the Force is all about balance, and he needs to preserve that light to maintain it. He has to, for his sake. She's the first, ask anyone who knows me She is the only to get past all his defenses. For years he has wondered whether he would ever find his equal, and now when he finds her, it surprises him to see how equal they truly are. He sees his strength, his passion, the loneliness, friendlessness, lack of affection and a childhood reflected in her. He sees the bitter cynicism, hate and the coldness in her older days, and the helplessness, brokenness and hurt in her younger ones. He sees her reflect his darkness in equal measure. He never expected himself to reflect her light. Terrified that she'd find my heart and break it He fears their every confrontation. He is scared of her strength, both physical and mental, but her emotional strength terrifies him. Her pain would've broken any lesser mortal, but she has grown stronger, feeding off the agony and building her will. The strength of her pain has made her who she is. He is terrified what the strength of her love will make her. Paralyzed by the thought of her with someone else His nightmares reflect his truest feelings. It starts off the way he would wish his wildest dream to be - him and Rey alone, in a beautiful land far away from the world and its distractions and worries. She holds his hand, eyes bright and soul brimming with happiness. Happiness that he has brought her. Her sweet lips caress his face, and her words soothe his troubled soul. She tells him her every joy and sorrow, and he lays himself bare. She looks at him, with pride in his strength and tells him how much she loves him for who he is. The words make his heart soar, and she embraces him, passion and love and desire and every emotion that makes him feel alive coursing through them, the Force uniting them. And then the nightmare begins. The traitor shows up, stealing his ray of hope and beauty from him and taking her away to a place he can never find her. He's lost and helpless and broken again, and the darkness threatens to drown him and suffocate him till whatever light she has shone on him is obliterated. He calls for her, desperate and dying, his last tie to himself snapping when she turns her back on him, the traitor leading her away from the darkness. The feeling chokes him, and he wakes up every night in cold sweat and silent tears, wishing he had killed that traitor, but he knows the pain it will bring her, and he cannot bear to see her suffer. So he wishes he had died instead. I shouldn't have fallen in love with her It's been nothing but trouble till now Emotions are a weapon the Dark Side twists until they have nothing good remaining in them. Which is why emotions like love are foreign and unknown to him. He has a bleak memory of it, visions which include a caring mother and a loving father, a doting uncle and the feeling that all things good bring. What the Dark Side presents is a twisted fantasy - visions of power and glory, of lust and desire, with tenderness having no place with them. It teaches him to seek and relish control, to twist himself into a being so base and carnal that if love ever makes an appearance, he is at a loss to understand what it stands for. He knows he hasn't been consumed by the darkness every time he sees her. But every time he sees what and who she stands stands for and what he stands with, he wishes he had been. What gives you the right To tear up my life? No one had the right to rule him. Not even Snoke, to whom he claimed everlasting allegiance and eternal servitude. Kylo Ren may be someone's servant, but Ben Solo was a master of his own destiny, serving and obeying no one if he didn't want to. And here she was, ruling him without knowing it. This feeling of unconscious servitude is liberating, he concludes. He doesn't feel pressed to do anything for her - he would willingly do anything, anything she asked for. But she never had, for what can a beast provide a beauty besides pain and suffering? He knows he's beyond redemption, and he wants to tear her apart just to show her what broken and destroyed feels like. How dare she be so perfect What did I do to deserve this? Fate, he concludes, is one's own doing. It was his choices that led him to betray his uncle, to kill the young children with whom he had spent moments that Ben Solo considers the best in his life. It was his choice to snuff the life out of his father so cruelly and leave his mother a living corpse. It is his choice to irrevocably fall in love with the light and chase it away by the being he had become. It was his choice to attack what the light held dear, just so that he could consume her in his darkness. So he doesn't blame her when she spits "Monster" at his face and gives him that scar which, even though it has externally faded, remains on his soul, a mark of what he's truly become. He realises that he's done all he can to deserve the hell he's condemned to. I tell myself that she's tryin' to test me She'd never leave, she still needs me to hold her He considers this one massive test. He has always thought that he is what she needs. They are one and the same, albeit on two different sides, which can be easily fixed. He can give her all the comfort, luxury, safety and love she needs. He can fill her empty hours with laughter and joy and love, he can challenge her as much as she wants and fulfil any desires she expresses. So he confronts and challenges her, waiting for her to realise that he has passed her test and that she need not put her lover through the fire anymore. It takes him a jab to the stomach with a lightsaber and a duel with the stormtrooper to realise she never needed him at all. Horrified 'cause she found my heart and broke it He dies inside when she says that. As they stand in the storm, the wind whirling around them like an angry swirl of their own emotions, she looks at him, tears staining her face. "I love you, Rey," he entreats, using the Force to show her how deep it runs. Her face slackens for a moment, shock washing over, and then looks down, tears of shame and guilt welling in her eyes. She seems incapable of confessing to the hopeful boy within him, to tell him that she has seen too much of the monster to truly come to care for him, but she does, for he needs to know. "I can't." Mortified when I picture her with someone else The sight before him finishes him for good. She walks hand in hand with the traitor, looking happier than she has ever been, and happier than I can ever make her. They pause to kiss, and she utters those words he had told her with all his heart. He waits for the pain, the hurt and agony and torture to kick in, but all that comes out is a deranged laugh, one that would send the Light and the Ben in him scurrying for cover, hiding itself from the monster it sees. But there is no Light or Ben in him anymore to care. You started the fire And made me like that When they meet again, she is livid and out for blood. She stares at his unmasked face, his emotions all for her to see. She focuses on physically hurting him as much as she can, but there is only so much she can do to a body if it has no one to care for it. The traitor steps forward to save her, but he cares nothing for a man who stole what truly belonged to him. So he kills him and watches Rey collapse to the ground, her tiny figure wracking itself with sobs for a man she loves. He wipes the blood off his hands, smiling at her in a manner that makes her blood run cold and fear grip her entire being. "Now you're really a monster," she whispers, and he inches closer, delighted to see the same emotions course through as they had through him. She stares at him with disbelief, hurt, fear, anger and pain, the shock and grief too debilitating for her to fight back as he takes her face in his hands. "Oh, but you made me this, my love." Who gives you the right To tear up my life? They are in the thick of it when it happens. Once the grief wears off, she is back on her feet, fighting back with uncontrolled rage, and he has to exercise his powers to their zenith to keep her from overpowering him. She hits him with every blow and profanity she has to offer, but it falls on him like the snow falling around them - thick, fast but doing no damage. She is slowly losing her strength and her courage, and he feels no need to fight her anymore if not for the death blow she tries to deliver, blocked by his crossguard in the nick of time. He pulls the weapon back and sees her hit the ground, rushing to take her in his arms. "Ben," he hears her voice call. The feeling of euphoria only lasts till her blood bathes him, horror and grief and deja vu consuming him before he even comprehends what really happened. Only this time, he wasn't trying to rip himself apart. What did I do to deserve this? He can't go on. Her pale and lifeless body are proof that whatever reason he has left to live is gone, and try as he may, neither Light nor Dark can replace the sense of purpose and that will to live that she had given him. With all he has destroyed by his own self, he decides to live his final moments through in peace and passion, uniting the two sides he was always torn between. He lays her down in the snow and shuts her eyes, and all he sees gives him the impression that she is asleep. if not for the crushing reality bearing down on him. He thinks of how a body needs a soul to continue, and how his body has no use anymore. So he lies down beside her and shuts his eyes, impaling himself with his own creation, bringing the course of his life full circle by destroying himself by himself. It's the perfect ending for a perfect tragedy. Chapter 6 : Together This chapter is based around one of the Reylo shippers and one of my favourite songs, X Ambassadors' Love Songs Drug Songs. Hope you like it. Alright, stay over She's lost count of how many times this has passed between them. Sometimes it's her, when he begs for a few more stolen hours with that cursed kicked puppy look which, let's face it, is harder to resist than mind manipulation. The smile that lights his face and the kisses and nuzzles that follow make up for the trouble she gets in with Finn and Poe every time. "I don't know why we haven't told the general yet," they threaten her everytime, and she knows they won't, because General Organa will more than just support whatever they are. Sometimes it's him, when she pleads with him, curling into a ball and pushing herself into his chest, and he just can only pull her closer and grumble that she can when she looks at him with wide, beseeching eyes. He knows his absence from the base is duly noted, but he makes sure that an excuse is always ready, her being nowhere on the list. And as annoying and inconvenient it is, they never regret stealing those extra hours of peace and completeness. Hey now, don't try to mess with me This too, is another common exchange that frequently passes between them, although mute and always in their heads. Sometimes the battles seem too real, and he wonders what could've possibly changed, what new revelation of his dirty deeds makes her so bitter and hungry for his blood. He needs her sincere smile to remind him that she's just messing around and no, nothing has changed. On fiercer days, Rey has to ask herself if Snoke isn't slowly poisoning the man she has come to love, feeding him words and thoughts that aren't and shouldn't be his. It's that sarcastic jackass smirk and the warm smile that follows it is when she remembers that he's Han Solo's son and kidding around is akin to breathing for him. Throw you underneath the bus if you understand She understands when he takes her prisoner for a second time. He's hard pressed, with Snoke and Hux and basically the entire First Order coming down on him to find her, for Force's sake. This time the interrogation happens before Snoke, and she's lucky to have him by her side since last night, because she doesn't know if she can survive those lightning bolts without him. His face has no emotion written on it for the entirety of her detention, with only a flicker of hope and sadness in his smile as she flees the base, Poe Dameron's X-Wing dutifully waiting for her outside the Finaliser, shielded thanks to his inputs on blind spots only he has noticed. She can't explain it to him and BB-8 why she's laughing, crying and abusing Kylo Ren for his stupidity at the same moment. We can get together if you think you know Play nice He has his reasons for repeatedly calling her over to the Dark Side. Not just because he wants to see her reach her full potential (although he knows fully well she'll do just as well with the Light), but because he wants her safe and sound. He's sick and tired of telling her why he can't leave. He doesn't need to explain why he needs her by his side. Baby think twice She knows he still stands a chance at redemption. Why he doesn't get it is the bane of her existence; she's frustrated with trying to drum it into his thick skull that the Resistance will take him back, maybe not with open arms, but they surely will. His mother will, and I already have. Still, he has to stick with the bad choices he has made, saying that he does it for her and for him, that she is safer this way, that this way, they cannot get to her. She wishes then that he wasn't half as stubborn as General Organa. And I looked you in the eye He's ashamed. He's ashamed that he cannot look her in the eye without showing how terrible a failure he is, how unlike his parents he can be, how he lacks the spine and the courage to do what he should, but isn't, doing. He's ashamed that he's let her down, that he couldn't live up to her expectations of him. She stops seeing him, and he feels more hurt and ashamed than ever, wondering if he can ever get her back. His thoughts often drift back to the traitor, and he wonders if he can muster that courage. He wonders if he can ever look her in the eye again. She cries and begs, but he doesn't listen, and she wonders if he really is too far gone for her to get back. I can't think that, she tells herself with a stubborn shake of the head. There are days when their lightsaber duels are coupled with shouting matches, and she can remember every occasion when she has asked for him to come back, to stop being such a coward, each time meeting the red glow of his crossguard and a hurricane of emotions through their Force link. "Stop being so weak, Ben Solo," she calls after him during one blizzard-filled battle, but he's decided to turn his back on her again, unable to look into her eyes from a decision they both know he is ashamed of. She prays for the day where he buries his pride and shame and does what they both know is right. You know, this is the last time I Am gonna put you back together She tries telling herself that every time. He comes to her on the days he's battered and broken and his people couldn't care less, and she tells him every time that she can too, and this is the last time she's putting him back together while bandages and splints are tied and gashes are treated, but every following battle is bloodier than the previous, and she cannot watch him die, not if she can help it. And since she can, she isn't ashamed to break that promise she makes to herself over and over again. Bail out? Baby you asked for it You don't desert of the First Order - it deserts you. He remembers the words, clashing with her advice and his head swims with anger, frustration and conflict. He can leave this place - I'm strong to take one anyone here, but her safety and the fact that Snoke might as well be listening into his monologue stops him. Bailing out? As he runs, he remembers that he asked for this the moment he made his choice. And I looked you in the eye He expected anything but this from her. As he runs across the dunes, Force and saber and blasters keeping Hux and his men at bay, he wonders how she will turn her back on him, how she will denounce him and leave him to the wolves. He senses her there, alone, and is disgusted by the glee that will radiate from the general if he finds out. Both his targets, taken out in a single hit. He stops short in front of her, his pursuers too far away to see them. She looks at him, reading his expression. All that escapes her are a few tears and a forceful nod, and he feels love, shame, gratitude and remorse wash over him in a torrent. Her saber is lit, a hand extended to him, eyes shining with fierce determination and love. Despite the three blaster wounds and twelve cracked ribs, he's never felt stronger as he faces off with his former employers. You know this is the last time I Am gonna put you back together It's all a blur to her. She runs like a madman across the sand, dragging a now unconscious and steadily bleeding Ben. Just a little longer, she implores while trying to find her way through the veil of tears blinding her. In the end, she settles on the Force to guide her. And guide well it does. She can see the consternation and shock on everyone's faces as she runs into the base and pushes a dozen pilots out of her way, smearing their pristine uniforms with the blood coating her hands. Finn and Poe and Chewbacca are all around him at once, carrying him while she is led in a daze by Leia, her arms soothing and shaking at once, telling her to stop weeping but she can't, she just can't as she watches the life slowly drain out of him, his pained whispers of 'Rey' killing her every time she hears him, his Force clinging onto her like a drowning man. For he is drowning, and she isn't sure she has pulled him out of the water completely unscathed. I'm gonna put you back together When he wakes up, all he can hear is crying and cursing. He hears his mother sob like a trainwreck, running her hands over her "poor Ben" and how she is so proud of him, how she knew her son would come back to where he truly belongs. He can hear Poe Dameron curse freely, abusing him and his stupidity and his inability to trust Rey's friends. He sees her at the door, standing shocked and unresponsive. His mother takes the cue and vanishes with the pilot, and Rey walks in, with red-rimmed eyes and a shaking frame that he curses himself to be the cause of. She takes a long look at him and then starts crying, punching every part that she can without causing him any long-term harm. He finds the sight hilarious and comforting, and soon he's crying and laughing with her, covering her small trembling figure huddled beside him with his arms. It's his turn to put her back together, and damn me if I don't do a good job at it .