Ben walked down the hallway of the unfamiliar building- it was simple building on an island in Kashyyyk. He glanced around the many doors with occasional markings to identify what they were. Medical, training, kitchens, and washrooms. In front of him walked his Uncle Luke, explaining casually some of the information in regards to the building-which Ben was only partially listening to. Ben couldn’t help but notice that he towered over his uncle by a good 5 inches now, with the last time Ben seeing Luke being years prior way before he hit puberty. Ben noticed some younger students walking around in between the rooms, they stared at him but he gave them no mind. “-kitchens for dinner provided by Lirri.” Ben heard as he raised a dark eyebrow to his uncle. “Lirri? That’s a bizarre name for a droid.” Ben stated as he continued walking behind Luke as they stopped in front of a door marked 6. Luke turned towards Ben, his bright blue eyes staring up at Ben’s dark brown eyes. “Lirri is actually my assistant, she assists with some of the demonstrations, but mainly is here as a medic and cook.” Luke stated before opening the door with a small wooshing sound. Luke walked in before Ben did- his head just below the doorway. It was a generic room. To the left corner was a bed with white sheets and pillows on the top. There was a desk along the wall with some stationary available. It sat under an empty window sill. Ben could see a trunk at the foot of the bed and from the corner of his eye a closet. His large duffel bag sat in front of the trunk from when it was taken off the ship. Ben looked around as his uncle continued. “Dinner is soon if you would like to join us. You can talk to Lirri in regards to any food allergies you may have Ben.” Luke said with a soft smile before he began to walk out and leave the room, stopping momentarily to look at Ben and pat him on the shoulder. “I hope your time here will be good for you Ben, I’m happy to have you training here.” Ben gave a simple reply before he was left alone in the room. Ben moved to lay on the bed as he contemplated about everything that happened. Ben knew he should have left to train almost a decade ago but his mother had been supplementing some training in order to keep him around longer- but he was almost glad that he was gone from his arguing parents. Lirri was bustling around the kitchen as she was completing the dinner for tonight. One of the youth training had been under the weather so Lirri was constantly running between the kitchen and medical room. Her short dark auburn hair was pushed back with a headband as she mixed the vegetables in oil and spices as she felt the sudden feeling something was happening in the medical. Cussing, she tossed the pan into the oven with the chicken on a different rack before running down the hall to the medical room where the youth was. The poor youth was trying to get out of bed, but nearly fell as they tried. Lirri caught them as she got them back on the bed. Lirri smiled at them as she looked them in the eye. “Now, you should lay into the bed until you are better. Master Skywalker knows you are ill. I have water beside you and will bring you food soon.” The young padawan nodded as Lirri moved around to put a cold compress on the padawan’s forehead. Once the padawan began to sleep, Lirri noticed the clock and time. How long has the food been in? She wondered before running down the hallway to the kitchen. SLAM! Lirri felt herself on the ground as she let out a string of curses before peeking her eye open and raising her head from the ground. There’s someone on the floor too. Immediately, Lirri crawled over to the boy as he rubbed his head. He had dark hair that was trimmed short ish as Lirri shook him. “Please don’t have a concussion.” She pleaded as the eyes open. “Oh thank heck.” Lirri blurted out as she pulled out the flashlight as he say up. Lirri shone the light into both his eyes, both eyes acting accordingly. She had to note that the boy had beautiful brown eyes. “Okay, you seem fine but do you know your name? Mine’s Lirri.” She started before hearing the boy’s quiet answer. “Ben. Ben Solo.” He said as she nodded with a smile. “Well Ben, I think it is safe to say you probably don’t have any head trauma but if you get dizzy or something feels off, let me know.” Lirri stated before standing up and grabbing his hand to help him up. Ben had soft large hands she noticed, and couldn’t help but notice the height, he was a good head taller than her and knew that he’d have to lean down to be face to face and ki-. Lirri flushed as she tried to decipher what brought that to her thought. She shook it off before Lirri slowly let go of his hand. “I’ll… see you at dinner.” Lirri said before briskly walking away to the kitchen and deal with the food. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been a few days since Lirri had crashed into Ben and any time she had was occupied with various tasks around to assist the young Padawan or Master Skywalker. It wasn’t until Luke strongly encouraged the young assistant to join everyone in an afternoon of relaxing meditation outside during a beautiful sunny day. Lirri was running behind as she ate her own meal- something she did once all the Padawans had ate, and Lirri had washed the dishes. She set the dishes aside as she began to stretch and walk towards the general meeting spot. Lirri was curious how Ben was doing with the other students, after all he seemed to be a few years older than them. Lirri had a gut feeling that Ben was going to have a difficult time making positive connections with his peers but she shrugged it off as just a concern. As she walked down the stony path, she noticed Ben looking very confused as he continued to dart his head down two different paths that forked out of the current path. Lirri slowed down as she could feel the anger and frustration rushing off the boy. Getting closer, strings of curses made their way to Lirri’s ears as she cocked her head deciding what to do before calling out. “Ben!” The pale boy shot his body around as an angered expression softened to one of annoyance. Lirri walked over as she smiled up at him. “Are you going to meditation with Master Skywalker too?” “I was debating it-yeah.” He proclaimed as Lirri resisted the urge to chuckle at what quite obviously was Ben trying to cover up his embarrassment. “Well, why don’t you walk with me? It’s nice to spend the time with the Padawan on occasion.” Lirri said as she figured this approach wouldn’t damage his ego any. After a moment, Ben responded. “I guess.” He responded stiffly as Lirri led him down the proper path. “You know the other way has a gorgeous spot to swim.” ---- Ben kept stealing glances at the shorter girl beside him as they made their way down the path. He knew that his temper was getting the best of him and that if Uncle Luke had seen him then Ben knew he would have been told to be careful of his emotions and anger since they wouldn’t help him with the Force. That just irritated Ben since no one as of late had faith in him- even some of the other Padawans questioned why he joined their rankings at such an age- he had at least three years on some of them. Then there was Lirri. She rarely partook in training and seemed older than the rest. The questions he had for her gnawed at Ben constantly until he decided to break the silence and ask her something. “Are you a Padawan or a Jedi?” This threw Lirri off step as she cocked her head and opened her mouth and closed it a few times. “Uhm.. no?” Lirri stated hesitantly before she continued. “I mean, I am Force-Sensitive and Master Skywalker brought me here to become a Jedi… but, I can’t bring myself to be violent. I don’t believe in violence can create peace.” Ben nodded as he noticed Lirri awkwardly shrug as her hand began to fiddle with some of her longer pieces of hair. She seemed to bounce back up within moments as she jumped around to face him while walking backwards. “Speaking of Padawan and Jedi, may I know why you started training so late? Most of the other ones are between 7 and 14, you have to be what- 15, 16?” Lirri asked as her green eyes stared into his brown ones. “I’m 17 actually,” Ben corrected her with a small chuckle. “I joined late because I was completing more of my training at home with my mother, Leia Organa.” Ben said but added in his head ‘They were working on managing my ‘temper issues’ before sending me to be with others.’ “Well, it’ll be nice to have someone around my age around to socialize with sometimes. Most of the younger Padawan only wish to speak about lightsabers and the combat aspect. The Force is so much more than that though!” Lirri said as she began to ramble about the other benefits of the Force, hands moving around happily as she occasionally glanced back to make sure she wouldn’t fall. Ben listened to her as he smiled softly, she seemed to be interested in knowing Ben for Ben and not for his family’s history. He looked past her to see the others scattered in a small clearing where it was surrounded by bushes of beautiful flowers and trees. The sun light casting on the clearing made it look more appeasing of a place to be. “Lirri, we’ve arrived.” Ben stated as he tapped her shoulder and pointed behind her. Turning around, Lirri glanced her head back as she smiled. “Thanks.” Lirri waved at some people as she left Ben to go speak with Luke for a moment. Ben took this time to find a seat towards the back hoping as the meditation continued the shade would come more his way to cover him and protect his fair skin. Ben took this time alone to examine the others. Everyone sat in rows with Luke facing them as he animatedly spoke with Lirri- probably about some activities for the Padawans while the rest were chattering amongst themselves, mostly about the earlier lesson with how to manage a lightsaber and make the proper movements with it. Lirri soon was walking towards Ben as she sat a few feet away from him and raised her face up to the sky as she closed her eyes and let out a relaxed sigh. Glancing over, he could see her embracing the warmth of the sunlight with a large smile on her face. Maybe it was the happiness Lirri seemed to emit, or perhaps just how the sun reflected on her tanner skin but Ben would almost say that Lirri had a soft glow to her skin. Ben could hear Luke’s voice as he was drawn back to the meditation. Notes: I hope you guys are enjoying this story so far- I'm going to try and update as much as possible in the next few days and I have some pretty interesting stuff planned for the next chapter. Chapter 3 Notes: I apologize, I didn't realize I posted the unedited Chapter 2 and then the edited version as Chapter 3. Here is the new chapter 3, and i hope to update soon when I don't have to hotspot using my phone data to upload. The sun felt warm on Ben’s skin as his muscles relaxed in the meditation, his uncle Luke had stopped speaking to the students quite a while once they seemed to be in a state of deep meditation. The sounds of the wind rustling through the leaves and the calm breaths were the only ones that could be heard. However, Ben felt a small churning in his stomach as Ben let his mind guide him to where it felt he needed to go. A chill ran down his spine that crawled through his body until he suddenly felt his eyes pry open. It wasn’t the grassy area where the meditations where Ben was sitting originally, instead Ben was standing in front of a large set of stone stairs with a chair that could easily fit three people comfortably not touching one another. Ben glanced around the room as he could hear a distant voice calling to him. Ben turned his head slowly but saw no figure near him. “Ben.” A dark voice said in a taunting tone as Ben stormed around the dark room, up and down the stairs. “Beeenn.” The voice drawled out. It frustrated Ben as he stormed around, trying to find the mysterious figure. “What do you want?” “What do YOU want?” the voice mimicked back as Ben twitched his eyes. His eyes narrowed as he climbed up the stairs to look around the stairs. “What do YOU want?” it kept mimicking at repeating at him as Ben grew frustrated and pounded his hands against the chair while screaming at the top of his lungs. Ben continuing pounding his hands against the stone as he let his anger out until he collapsed on his knees. Why was it mocking him? It treated him like a child and not a powerful soon to be Jedi. Ben could hear the voice again as if it was right behind him. “Well? What are some things you crave beyond all else?” Ben took a moment to breathe as he felt his throat dry up. His mind was unable to come up with an answer as he fell to his knees on the stone. Ben could hear the voice as his mind whirled in confusion and frustration. If Ben answered, perhaps then it would leave him be. “Peace and quiet!” Ben shouted aloud as the noise suddenly stopped. He looked around before sighing in relief, a calmness rushed over him. Closing his eyes for a moment, Ben let himself catch his breath as he leaned his head against the back of the stone. Opening his eyes once more, Ben noticed a dark figure in a metallic helmet and clock coming towards him. “Don’t you want something more? Power? Control? Infamy? Perhaps to satisfy your lust?” the figure spoke, the voice metallic and crackly. Ben stared at the figure as it drew closer, a slight fear overtook him as his back straightened against the stone tablet. It was walking up the stone steps with only the slightest sounds of clinking boots on it as his arm raised. Ben leaned as far as possible back into the seat as the hand moved to brush Ben’s cheek as he squeezed his eyes shut. The phrase “Sssnoke.” dragged out before Ben felt light shining in his eyes as he opened them see the he was back in the clearing. Taking in a deep breath, Ben peered around the area to notice that almost everyone else had left. There was only Master Skywalker, and a couple Padawan left. Standing up, Ben rubbed his temples as he walked up the path back towards the building. A good meal and a long night’s sleep sounded good although Ben was skeptical that he would enjoy either on that night. Chapter 4 Ben couldn’t sleep during the night, each time he tried terrifying visions would return to him. Deciding that he couldn’t stay in the room much longer, wrapping up in a cloak, Ben walked down the path as he stared up at the night sky filled to the brim with stars. At the fork in the road, Ben decided to explore the other trail. He recalled Lirri telling Ben about the water and felt it would be a great place to relax in peace. He soon arrived but was surprised to see a figure sitting on a log. Walking closer slowly, Ben noticed that it was Lirri herself, she seemed to be distracted rummaging through her bag. He sneaked towards her slowly as he stood behind her before moving to sit beside her. He glanced at Lirri as she glanced over and jumped from seeing the figure beside her. “Oh my gods Ben!” Lirri breathed out before putting her hand on Ben’s upper arm. “You startled me. When did you get here?” Lirri questioned to Ben as the other hand shut the bag. “A moment ago, couldn’t sleep. Why are you out here?” Ben responded as his eyes looked down at her hand still staying on his arm as a flush covered his cheeks. “Oh I was getting these herbs that are great for anxiety and restlessness. They glow in the dark which makes them the easiest to find at night.” She responded with a small smile before sighing and looking upwards. “It’s a great night to be out at least.” Lirri commented before crossing her arms over her chest while staring up with wide eyes and a smile. Her smiling was intoxicating- Ben barely realized that he began smiling as well. “I still find it amazing to think about how many lives are in the galaxy, planets that we’ve never been to or perhaps even discovered.” Lirri spoke before they rested into a comfortable silence. Ben occasionally glanced at Lirri to notice that she was shivering a bit on the cool evening. It was almost on instinct that he scooted closer to Lirri and wrapped his arm over her shoulders, the cloak falling around Lirri and Ben as well. Ben felt Lirri stiffen momentarily before she relaxed to his touch. Ben’s heart sped up a bit from this and he could feel it speed up more when Lirri rested her head on Ben’s shoulder as they watched the stars. Ben wasn’t sure how long it was that they were watching the stars but he began to feel his eyelids getting heavy as he felt his head falling against hers. Perhaps shutting his eyes for a bit would be nice. ----- It was dark outside and raining, when did it start raining this heavily? Ben questioned as he glanced around. The ground was muddy and his vision felt different. He was wearing a mask. Why was Ben wearing a mask? Ben glanced around and saw all the bodies laid around the ground. The faces looked familiar as Ben realized that it was the other Padawan’s but older. Glancing around, he noticed other figures behind him. A cloud encircled him before suddenly the scene changed. It was a metal room with some sort of chair in it that had cuffs at the feet, head and arms. The doors opened as a woman was being dragged in who was clearly unconscious and placed in the chair as Ben realized it was Lirri. She was bruised and multiple cuts on her face. Ben glanced at Lirri to see the differences in appearance, her hair was just above her shoulders now and the baby face had melted away and more adult curves had formed giving her a pear shaped body. Soon she was awoken and gasped. “You…” she whispered in fear while pushing her head back from him as his hand drew close to her face. Tears streamed down her face as Lirri sobbed “What happened to Ben? WHAT DID YOU DO TO BEN!?” A hand shot forward as Lirri began to make shallow noises as her head was leaned back. She was being choked as she twisted around in the chairs. ------ Ben shot awake with gasps as Lirri immediately was startled awake into seeing Ben panicking as she grabbed Ben’s hands. “Ben, look at me.” Ben glanced at Lirri with wide eyes as his breathing slowed down as he pulled her into a tight hug while burying his face in her neck. She was okay. He held onto Lirri as she hugged him back while softly whispering into his ear. Ben calmed down a bit as he let go of Lirri. “I think we should head back up.” He said quietly, almost as if he was out of energy. Lirri nodded and put the bag over one shoulder. Their walk up the trail in an almost awkward silence. “Hey Ben,” Lirri began to speak softly. “If you ever need to talk about your nightmares, or have something to help you sleep, just let me know.” Lirri was concerned about Ben, she knew that it would be something to keep track of in case anything were to drastically change in Ben. Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben couldn’t understand the sudden increase in Padawans at the temple, in the last two weeks they had ten more join their ranks- all around the age of 15. They were loud and annoying to Ben who got into a few disagreements during some of their more literary trainings. Each day had Ben growing more and more irritated as he struggled to keep his cool. He was lacking sleep with each vision causing his body to feel more exhausted to the point where he nearly passed out a few times. Ben sat against the building as he closed his eyes trying to think things over instead of going to lunch with everyone else. Everyone was annoying him and Ben almost wished to be back home with his mother and his quiet house. Ben was glad to be away from his father though, not that his father was ever around anyways. Thinking about Han irritated Ben to no end- all the tales of his father and mother nauseated Ben since they were overly romanticized and made Han appear to be a greater person than he was. He could feel a pain in his head as he groaned at the headache forming. Hearing a thud, Ben peeked open an eye to see Lirri holding out a sandwich to him wrapped carefully. Ben glanced at Lirri as he took the sandwich slowly- how did Lirri know where he was? Ben didn’t question it as Lirri drummed her fingers against her own knee while looking down at them before speaking quietly. “How are you Ben? You seem distant lately.” Lirri’s eyes glanced at him slowly before looking back down. “You also seem restless- I think you should have some chamomile tea tonight and let me monitor you.” Ben paused as he looked at the sandwich before looking at Lirri, hand going to rest on one of hers. “I guess I could if you are that concerned for me.” Ben smiled a bit as he noticed the flush on her cheeks, quite sure that he also adorned some himself. “Why are you so concerned for me?” Ben prodded as Lirri visibly stiffened before her eyes darted around as she stumbled over words. “I – uh- uhm,” Lirri began before breathing out slowly. “I just care for you is all…” she explained while her cheeks changed to bright red. Ben tried his best to smother his chuckle as his thumb tenderly rubbed Lirri’s hand. Ben smirked a bit from this revelation as he kept in place for a moment and gave her hand a squeeze before moving it away to eat his sandwich. “Well, thank you for the sandwich.” Ben quietly responded as he fell in a comfortably quiet silence with Lirri. ---------- Ben tossed and turned in his own bed while he thought over what Lirri said earlier as he pushed the sheets away from himself. Maybe Lirri would be awake and still offering chamomile tea. Ben decided that it wouldn’t hurt as he walked barefoot down the hall. Ben saw the door propped open a bit for the medical room, inside Lirri was reading a book that she was clearly interested in. Ben knocked as Lirri glanced over to him as she tilted her head. “Are you okay Ben?” Ben nodded as he walked in. “I was hoping to take you up on the offer of tea?” Ben asked curiously while Lirri stood up a rose on her cheek. “Oh sure, I’ll go get the tea.” Lirri responded as she smoothed her shirt before walking out of the room, a few minutes later Ben ventured to the kitchen in boredom as he watched her rustling around to make the tea, bending over to grab the tea and leaning up to try and grab the tea pot that was on the top shelf of the cupboard. Her fingers just were grazing the edge of the shelf. Ben went over in strides as he leaned over Lirri to move the tea pot down onto the counter as Lirri was pressed between Ben and the counter. ----- Lirri flushed as she felt the body leaning against hers as the pot was taken down as she turned herself around as simply as possible without pressing too much against the other’s body. Lirri looked up while she noticed the shirtless Ben in front of her as Lirri was cornered between Ben and the counter. Her cheeks were flustered whenever the thought of shirtless Ben popped into her mind. Ben’s head hovered over Lirri’s as she stared into his eyes. They were too easy to get lost in even with the bags under Ben’s eyes. Without thinking about it, Lirri’s hand gently went along Ben’s face, tracing his jawline as her eyes lidded shut a bit. Lirri moved onto her toes and without the afterthought Lirri pressed her lips against Ben’s. His were considerably softer than Lirri predicted. Almost as soon as Lirri kissed Ben, she pulled away in shock. “I’m so sorry Ben, I shouldn’t have done that- “Lirri rambled as the ducked under Ben’s arm while running a hand through her hair and cursing as she walked towards the exit to get away with her eyes almost tearing up in embarrassment. She felt her body freeze in place as arms encircled her frame and turned her around as she kept her eyes down from Ben’s. Ben’s voice was deep and almost commanding as he told her to look up. Lirri glanced upwards as she stared into his eyes as her hands pressed against his chest while lips moved down to hers. His kiss was more demanding compared to Lirri’s as she melted into his touch, responding to the kiss eagerly. Hands grasped at Lirri’s body, moving to grasps at her waist and hip while pulling her tinier body firmly against his own. Her mind was spinning in the kiss as her need for oxygen began to consume Lirri as she pulled away. Panting, she stared at Ben with a smile on Lirri’s face as Ben pressed his lips on hers again as Lirri breathed out. “So, chamomile tea?” Notes: So, what did you guys think of the ending? I was at first going to hold off but I didn't think keeping it until chapter 13 would be fair for you. I'm going to try increasing the words in each chapter, so look forward to that. Chapter 6 In the medical room sat Ben and Lirri. He sat on the bed while Lirri sat on the desk nearby. Ben seemed to be comfortable in the atmosphere as Lirri stared down at her cup, swirling the golden liquid- focusing on it instead of the boy nearby although thoughts of Ben continued to run through her mind. The way his eyes gleamed, the way his lips moved, how her name sounded in Ben’s voice. She suppressed the sigh as Lirri closed her eyes while leaning her head back against the wall as she tried to think of any way for her to not make this more awkward. The blush that covered her cheeks had been there nearly an hour while clicking her tongue a bit as Lirri continued to decide how to handle the situation. Her heart yearned to continue the affection and intimacy but Lirri knew that it wasn’t right to do- after all she was considered his superior, there was a power difference between them. Jedi weren’t supposed to be in relationships, it was a distraction, although Lirri was sure that Luke was more accepting than the Jedi of the past. Trapped in her own thoughts, Lirri was unaware that Ben drew closer until she felt a slight tug on her hair as she glanced up cautiously to Ben who was staring down at her while his fingers played with the strands of her hair. Her soft eyes made contact with Ben’s dark half lidded eyes as he leaned down to press his lips to hers again. The hand that was fiddling with her hair pushed back to grasp it around his fingers as the other slid under the back of Lirri’s shirt to rest on the small of her back. Lirri pulled away slowly as Ben’s rested his forehead while trying to keep the eye contact between them while setting her tea cup to the side. “What’s the matter?” Ben questioned as Lirri let out a sigh while looking towards the left while avoiding eye contact. “Ben, should we be doing this?” Lirri questioned quietly, as a hand moved to cup his cheek, before looking him straight in the eyes. “I don’t want to be some girl you just sleep with and leave.” Lirri quietly explained as she looked him in the eye before Lirri felt Ben pull her closer as he nuzzled the side of her head. Lirri wrapped her arms around Ben’s body as she pressed into the hug, leaving little space between their bodies. Time passed as the two continued their embrace with the only sounds of their breathing to break the silence. Lirri felt emotionally exhausted and she wasn’t sure how or when but Lirri felt the sudden urge to sleep take over. ---- Ben relaxed as he felt Lirri slump onto him as he scooped the small girl into his arms as he laid Lirri on the medical bed nearby. He made sure she was on one side as he slid on the bed as well, to lay beside Lirri. Sleeping over this would assist her, Ben knew this and he was relieved that he could beckon Lirri to sleep using the force. This trick that Luke was teaching the Padawan with no known success – until now. Ben heard mumbles as he glanced over at the sleeping girl who squirmed in her sleep closer to his warm body. Shifting his arm, Ben wrapped his arm around Lirri, moving her body to rest her head on his chest before he pulled the blankets over them. He shut his eyes while relaxing his own mind so he could sleep, which came faster than he predicted. -- Ben knew he was dreaming, it was clear to the unfamiliar location. It was a forest that was near a large lake and castle like building, but it was rubble and smoking. He was walking out of the forests with a girl in his arms, she was unconscious and clearly someone Ben was unfamiliar with. In front of him were Storm Troopers, they were listening to what Ben had to presume was their captain as he noticed the silver Storm Trooper captain holding a woman up by her hair. Her arms were tied behind her back and sobbing. She looked similar to Lirri with longer hair and a more mature figure. Some of the other Storm Troopers came to Ben and taking the woman from his arm as he walked over to the other captive. He raised his arm up as her face rose in sync. Green eyes stared back at him, filled with pain and heartbreak as the tears fell down her face. “Just end it already,” she whispered in anger to Ben. “Why would I do that? We have plans for you.” Ben unwillingly said out of his own control as a slightly mechanical version of his voice came out. “Captain, put her in a room with guards outside. Do NOT let anyone speak with her. Muzzle her if you must.” The mechanical voice added before Ben watched the scene leaving his vision. With another flash, the scene changed. It was the area where the Padawan were training, specifically near the water that was down a path. Ben stood at the edge of the cliff, as he could feel the anxiety of the figure which he presumed was his as he heard his own voice screaming out as he watched Lirri taking a running jump off the cliff following what looked to be a figure falling lifelessly into the lake. Ben’s body moved on its own accord running through the trees and bushes towards the path towards the water. Another sound of feet running on the path made Ben look back to see his Uncle Luke running as he turned his head back to focus on the path ahead of her. Arriving at the bottom of the path, Ben saw Lirri hovering over a limp figure. Ben froze in what felt like eternity to see the scene in front of him. Lirri was in rough shape, clearly suffering a head wound with the blood gushing from her head but she seemed more focused on the chest compressions on the limp body. It was almost like slow motion as he watched Lirri slip and fall as she moved up with each compression her movements getting sloppier and continuously slipping until she finally fell and didn’t move again. Ben cried out Lirri’s name before running forward. Ben’s eyes popped open as he looked around the room but relaxed to find Lirri curled up on him still, head having moved up to nuzzle the crook of his neck. Sighing, Ben gave her a light squeeze while staring at the ceiling hoping to fall asleep later to sweet dreams. Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Since that evening, Ben happily snuck between the lessons to steal tender moments with Lirri. Whether it was pulling her into the bush to kiss, sneaking out in the evening to share cuddles or assisting Lirri with the dishes. Ben felt better when he was around her, and it was almost like the visions and nightmares lessened with her. It was late evening as Ben peeked in the kitchen to see Lirri in mid conversation with one of the other Padawan. This one was a new Padawan, having been here for a few days, and he was very engaged in the conversation while leaning on the counter. Ben stared into the room as he focused on hearing their conversation, hoping to get a glimmer of what topic it was but with little luck. Reading the body language, Ben could tell Lirri was slightly uncomfortable with this and uninterested in staying. The Padawan didn’t seem to get the hint as he moved closer while Ben watched Lirri give the other Padawan a fake smile before excusing herself as she went to walk out. Ben pulled away from his spying position to make it appear as though he was walking down the hall. When it took longer than expected, Ben peered in to see the process of Lirri shoving the Padawan away before storming out. Anger consumed him as the thought of why Lirri was pushing the Padawan away as he stormed out of the room keen on releasing the anger before Lirri saw him. Ben will admit that he hid more of his anger and temper from Lirri as much as possible. After all, Jedi were to have a control of their emotions and put it aside, but it was hard for Ben, he knew it was a reason that his mother sent him to be with his uncle. Right now he fought the urge to turn back and teach the Padawan to leave Lirri alone but he knew that wasn’t best. Storming out of the building, he marched towards the training area to release his frustration and let his anger out on the other Padawan the moment that he knew Lirri would not be aware. ---- Lirri found Ben panting heavily as he continued punching a handing sack in front of him. The sack hung about half a foot from the wall. He was drenched in sweat and clearly in need of a break but continued. Lirri grew concerned as she moved slowly over towards Ben calling out his name nervously. He still continued without any sign of stopping as Lirri moved a hand to tap him on the shoulder while saying his name again. Everything happened in a blur as Lirri felt her arm being grabbed as she spun around and felt her back slam onto the wall pushing the air out of her lungs as she kept her eyes closed waiting for a reaction. When nothing occurred she peeked open an eye to see Ben holding her arm against the wall with a confused look on his face. They both stood in the awkward silence and close proximity of each other- both taking the time to process before Lirri whispered out. “Feeling better?” Lirri looked up at Ben as he stared down at him, eyes trailing from making eye contact to her lips and back again. Lirri didn’t care at the moment why he was angry but simply that he was no longer feeling anger. He nodded slowly as Lirri smiled softly. Ben was distracted by something else on his mind- that much was obvious as Lirri moved onto her tip toes to be closer to his height before she felt his lips press against hers. It was familiar by this point and almost bruising, like Ben was taking the final amount of his frustration out in this. Eyes shut as Lirri let her free hand move to run from his neck and up through his hair- something that she enjoyed happily to do. Lirri felt her other hand being let go as she moved it to run up and down Ben’s upper arm as his arms moved to rest on her hip and thigh. Her back slid up the wall with her shirt bunching up slightly, causing her smooth skin to press against the wall as Lirri gasped out from the sensation of the cold wall against her warm skin. Ben took this opportunity to slide his tongue into her mouth to trace over hers quickly before his hands moved Lirri’s legs around his waist. Ben pressed his lips roughly against hers before pulling them away. A whine escaped Lirri’s mouth that turned into a gasp as Ben’s lips trailed her jaw and down the center of her throat. He occasionally sucked on spots as it made Lirri squirm a bit from the sensations. Her hands tightly grabbed at his hair and upper arm. The noise of a nearby voice caused both to stop as Ben and Lirri stared at each other before Lirri’s legs returned to the ground and let him go as Ben stood staring down while catching his breath before moving to give Lirri some distance. Although they hadn’t thoroughly discussed it, Lirri was aware of the secrecy of their relationship and it stung to her that she couldn’t openly share this happiness. ----- Ben was at training with the Padawan, they were going over training combat as Lirri sat on the sidelines checking on everyone afterwards. There was a few people with burns from lightsabers, and black eyes. Everyone else was sitting around the edges. Ben was the next to go and he was anxiously waiting this chance to release his pent up frustration. The dreams were getting worse, and as of late the figure known as Snoke was asking him to make a choice to join him and be powerful. Ben was considering it but he wanted to talk with Lirri to see if she would join him. He was pulled from his thoughts as he heard his name called as he entered into the center. Grabbing a lightsaber, he eyes his uncle’s lightsaber knowing in time it would be his, but instead grabbing his typical lightsaber from the pile. Standing in the center of the mats, he watched as a Gungan stepped onto the mat in front of him and stood taller than Ben. This Gungan was known as Telera, who had his ears tied back from his face. Ben turned on the lightsaber as he thrusted his arm straightly to his side as his feet spread enough to give him a sturdy footing. Telera took the offense first as he swung from his left in an attempt to hit Ben near his chest, but was easily deflected as Ben pushed Telera away from his body with the lightsaber before spinning it and taking a step forward before swooping under with his lightsaber only to make contact with Telera’s. The fight continued in blows and deflections, as per the norm with these fights. Ben could tell that Luke was watching intently as was Lirri. Ben was feeling the urge to impress both as he pushed forward. Telera had created some distance between themselves as Ben began to move forward when the image around him changed. The once clear mats were now covered in a dark cloud and the sky had turned to night. Where Telera had been was now a blur that was heading closer to him. It was a figure covered in black cloaks and a hood masking their face. They swung their lightsaber at Ben as he defended himself. Ben was confused where he was and unsure what was happening as he defended himself, swinging the lightsaber in an attempt to his the handle and remove it from the assailant’s hand. “Weak.” He heard as Ben’s attack was deflected and pushed him back. Anger seethed through him. “You don’t deserve the Skywalker name.” Ben’s nostrils flared as he balanced himself and held his lightsaber with both hands. Ben was the strongest Padawan in this group- in his opinion anyways. “ Yessss, let your anger flow. ” Ben heard the familiar dream voice of Snoke say as he let himself charge at that point. --------- Lirri and Luke were enjoying the afternoon with the spars, and were proud of the progress from the Padawans. Ben and Telera were fighting and it was proving to be interesting to see how much they had grown when suddenly Ben’s demeanour changed. The feeling of the air around them shifted as Ben charged at Telera and began swinging viscously. He screamed as Ben twisted and moved with his lightsaber fluidly- he seemed to change styles as Ben attacked at Telera while Telera was trying to defend himself while moving away to no luck. Ben was mumbling something that sounded like garbled words as he viscously swung each time, a murderous glint in his eyes. Ben let out cries of anger with each move of his lightsaber. Telera was clearly overwhelmed by fear as he could barely keep up with the movements while using his own lightsaber. With each connection of the lightsabers got closer to Telera’s skin. Concern overwhelmed her for both Ben and Telera as she immediately ran onto the mats trying to get Ben’s attention by yelling. “BEN!” she screamed as he continued moving forward towards Telera. Lirri didn’t want to use violence, she didn’t believe in it personally but in this moment, there was someone in trouble and Ben wasn’t listening. Ben’s lightsaber was in his opposite hand as she swallowed her fears and personal beliefs before running towards Ben, hitting him square in his chest with Lirri’s shoulder as they tumbled to the ground. The lightsaber collided momentarily with her thigh as she screamed out in pain, tears welling up as Lirri’s back was pressed to the ground as she made contact with Ben’s eyes. The anger in his eyes terrified her, it look like a dark cloud in his eyes, infecting Ben to his core. However, it was the flick of a switch as Ben’s eyes returned to normal before he collapsed on Lirri. The pain was incredible as Lirri choked out sobs and felt herself being carried but unsure by who. It took quite a bit of time before Lirri was able to think clearly from anything other than the pain. Finally, Lirri noticed that Luke was cleaning Lirri’s wound tenderly. On the bed in the room was Ben, he was unconscious still and seemed to be mumbling. Luke was clearly concerned, his eyes squinted as he continued cleaning, working on the task at hand but clearly worrying over Ben. The only noises in the room were that of Luke as he tended to her leg. The silence was at first comfortable but began to feel suffocating. Lirri was unsure how to break the silence though. Luke, as if he could tell that Lirri was pondering how to break the silence spoke first. “Something on your mind?” he questioned as Lirri nodded. “Ben… he…” Lirri began before sucking in a deep breath. “He hasn’t been sleeping well and his physical health has been poor- it’s like Ben has been haunted.” Lirri rambled before burying her face in her hands, upset with herself for not telling Luke this sooner. “Perhaps he has been, but right now you don’t need to worry about that, take care of yourself first.” Luke responded as he began to wrap up her leg, the cool metal of his hand sending shivers along Lirri’s skin. “I want to help Luke, I don’t want Ben to be without either of us through this.” Lirri muttered before they returned momentarily to the silence. Glancing at the corner of her eye, Lirri could see Ben stir slightly as he muttered something. This time, thanks to the silence, both could hear “Snookkeeeeee”. Lirri saw Luke visibly tense before finishing up the wrapping. “If you would like to help Lirri, perhaps I could ask one thing. I must look into something- could you please stay with Ben?” Lirri nodded as she pulled her wrapped leg up onto the chair with a slight hiss as Luke left the room. Lirri’s watery eyes stared at Ben’s figure in the bed, hoping soon he’d awake. Notes: Woo hoo, finally getting into some drama. I really hope you guys are enjoying this so far! I am sorry for the delay but I am excited to write out the next few chapters. Let me know what you guys think! Chapter 8 Notes: Hey, I just wanted to say thank you for all who have read it and commented, it really means a lot to me. :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben awoke slowly, his head felt foggy, throat felt scratchy and his vision was blurry. Sitting up slowly, Ben cough a few times as he let his brain slowly begin to process. Ben glanced around as he saw he was in the medic room, which confused him. There was no stiffness or aches registering to him on his body as he glanced up to see Lirri curled up over two chairs, sound asleep with a cup of tea on the floor beside her with no trace of steam near it. Ben’s eyes glanced on her figure as his eyes stopped at the fact she was wearing small shorts- a blush rose to his cheek before pausing on the white bandages with a rosy hue in some area, a contrast to her tanned skin. He could just remember seeing Lirri’s face in pain before everything went dark. Was he to blame for this? The pit of his stomach made him believe so. Ben climbed slowly as he moved carefully towards Lirri, making sure to not cause too much noise. Kneeling in front of her, Ben brushed the hair from her face. She looked squished and uncomfortable on the chairs as Ben began to move his arms to lift her up when the door began to open. Glancing over, Ben saw his uncle entering the room carrying a tray with various foods on it. Ben paused as he made eye contact with Luke before turning and putting his focus back on sliding his arms under Lirri’s body to scoop her up and carry Lirri from the chairs to the bed. His hand moved over her head and petted her hair softly before turning to face Luke. It was an uncomfortable silence as Ben eventually began to mumble. “I don’t know what happened.” Luke nodded before gesturing to the chairs, moving them to face one another. “Ben, can you explain to me anything you remember?” Luke questioned as Ben sat in the chair opposite, slumped into it as he stared at his hands. “I keep having nightmares,” Ben started in a quiet tone. “When I was fighting everything suddenly changed. There was a dark figure going to attack me.” His fingers were knotted together before adding. “They said I wasn’t worthy of being a Skywalker. I’m the most powerful Padawan here!” There was a sudden anger in his tone when he mentioned the worthiness of his namesake. Luke noticed this as he sucked in a deep breath. “Ben, I hope you know that no matter what you are a Skywalker and everyone is proud of your accomplishments, even if it doesn’t seem like it sometime.” Ben nodded as Luke smiled before continuing. “Power isn’t everything Ben, it all depends on how you use it. Great power is nothing when used foolishly.” Luke said as Ben nodded before sighing and leaning back. Luke gave Ben a few moments to process before glancing at the resting Lirri and then to Ben and leaning forward. “Ben, is there anything you would like to tell me?” Luke questioned softly as Ben stiffened for a moment before shaking his head. “Alright Ben, if there’s anything else let me know. You probably should go rest a bit. Training doesn’t begin for a few hours but I think today would be best for you to relax.” stood up as Ben glanced at his uncle. “How bad is Lirri’s injury?” Ben asked with a heavy tone of guilt laced in his voice. Luke leaned over and with his flesh hand, patted Ben’s shoulder reassuringly. “She’ll pull through, just may take a while and scar.” Luke gave Ben a reassuring squeeze. “These things happen, everyone will keep their limbs and we understand there was no malice behind it.” Luke turned and left Ben to ponder his words. -------- Ben returned to the medic room after he had showered and clean. A spare set of clothing was in his hands as he sat them down near the food. Lirri was awake and attempting to collect supplies for tending to her wound. She limped around trying to get something off a high shelf and clearly struggling. Ben took a deep breath before saying Lirri’s name and grabbing the bandages for her. “Go sit down and tell me what you need.” Ben said as he ushered her over to the bed with Lirri protesting heavily before caving and limping to the bed. “I need the green bottle from the next cupboard on the second shelf.” Lirri directed. “As well as gauze and a bowl.” Lirri asked as Ben moved around collecting the supplies before sitting beside her awkwardly. Ben was clearly uncomfortable in the situation like he was afraid of hurting her. Lirri unwrapped the bandage as Ben stared horridly at the wound while gulping. Lirri seemed to be calm as she began cleaning the wounds and cringing slightly. Ben’s hands fiddled with his clothing, tugging and twisting the hem of his shirt. Ben was distracted by making himself be distracted and letting himself process his emotions. Lirri had noticed that Ben was distracted. To the point where Lirri had completely cleaned and dressed the wound once again and crawled towards Ben. Sitting in front of Ben, Lirri was waiting for Ben to notice her to no avail. Slowly, Lirri moved her hands to grasp Ben’s hands in her own. Ben looked up at her as Lirri’s hand gave him a soft squeeze before Lirri leaned over and let her lips hover in front of Ben’s to let him decide if he wanted kiss her. It took Ben a few moments but he pressed his to hers while moving his hand to rest against the side of her neck. This was surprising Ben that Lirri would kiss him after her injury but here she was. Knowing that after his screw up, Ben was still accepted for himself and that filled him with delight as Ben pressed his lips more passionately against hers. Ben pulled his lips away when the need for air became great as Ben stared at Lirri. “Aren’t you mad at me?” Ben questioned, before looking down at his thigh. “For hurting you?” Lirri shook her head as she glanced at Ben. “I… Ben, you didn’t seem yourself at that time. I don’t believe you would ever intentionally hurt me.” Lirri replied as she let go of his hand and set it in her lap. Ben was grinning ear to ear as he leaned forward to kiss Lirri again with his hand running through her hair. Lirri’s hands pressed against Ben’s chest, fingers gripping into his shirt. Ben put his hand on her hip and with a mild pressure to have Lirri’s back lay against the back of the bed with his body hovering over. Ben was purposefully being careful with not laying on Lirri due to her leg. The kiss quickly went from one of tender love to passion and an underlying need for more from both parties. Ben’s hands were quick to run down her body before running up her shirt and push it up her skin. Lirri gasp in surprise when she felt his cold fingers on her bare skin as her back curved upwards towards Ben before Lirri’s fingers tugged Ben’s shirt upwards. Both of them parted ways just to remove their shirts. When both their shirts were pulled away Ben pressed his forehead to Lirri’s. Neither had gone far in their intimate situations yet, so their cheeks were both covered in blush. Lirri made the next move. “Ben, do you want to continue?” Ben took a moment to pause before he smiled and whispered out “Yes” before giving her a kiss on her jawline before his lips descended down her neck with a smile on his lips just thinking about the intimate moment they were about to share. Notes: So, originally I was going to write smut for this story but I just keep feeling like it'll take away from the plot or something. What do you guys think? Would maybe writing side stories for any smut be preferred so that if you aren't interested you don't have to read it? Chapter 9 Notes: Sorry guys, life happened and I was struggling to find time, motivation or even an idea on how to write this chapter. But it is here finally! It was simple times like this that Ben was grateful for, where he wasn’t concerned with training or the offer that was given to him the night before. Ben had barely slept the last night after the ‘dream’ he had – in fact the only time he had been relaxing was right now. Fingers ran through his hair and massaged Ben’s scalp as he let out a soft sigh. In the secluded section of the forest was Lirri and Ben enjoying a few moments of peace. Ben earlier in the day had feigned a headache and was relaxing in the wood and have a moment of peace from the others and his thoughts. Lirri found him after a bit of time and immediately relaxed with him. Ben was thankful she did not question him about anything but instead simply laid on the grass beside him and curled up with him. Ben had nodded off quite a few times during this and barely could tell you what time of day it was other than it was still day time due to the light trickling through the trees. It was peaceful. Ben’s hand rubbed Lirri’s shoulder gently as she curled closer and let out a slightly confused noise to being awoke. “What’s up Ben?” Lirri finally spoke as she squirmed to press her head on his shoulder. Ben shrugged a bit. “Nothing, I’m just… content here with you.” Lirri gave him a sleepy smile that he saw from the corner of his eye as she leaned over to kiss his cheek. Ben drew her closer and shifted more on his side so he could stare into her eyes. Ben was content here as he tried to not think about his stress. That ‘dream’ was constantly in his mind as he tried to not burst. He was given the option from Snoke. It was too good to resist. All the power he could have, leading his own group of people in missions to better the world and to make his grandfather proud. Ben had a week to decide this. In this moment though, he only wanted to focus on the girl curled into the grass with him. Ben could feel her hand on his side rubbing it tenderly as his eyes roamed, hovering on her thigh where the slight lump of the bandages were still. The pang of guilt had been lessened for him about this- but still slightly present. As if sensing the tension, Lirri shifted again to curl up against Ben, with her head resting on his neck, her soft breath tickling his neck as he chuckled lightly and held her close. Ben’s eyes shut in content before letting himself nod off again. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- The next day, Ben and Lirri sat themselves in the grass again across from one another. Ben was getting assistance from Lirri on some of the training he had missed as of late. They were staring at each other with great concentration as Ben began to prod into Lirri’s brain. He was testing how to do this, as well as learning how to work with someone who was resisting. At the moment, Ben was having no resistance from Lirri as he was telling her what he saw. “I see you relaxing on the edge of a beach, your feet are dangling in the water.” Ben said as Lirri nodded before he began to feel a slight pressure on resisting him. Ben pushed forward as he could feel the vision slipping slightly until it became clear again. “Okay, it’s clear again, you’re slowly dipping into the water. You are giggling, and it is adorable. You think the water is cold, but you are enjoying it.” Ben stated as Lirri nodded once again before she leaned closer and pushed Ben a bit more out of her mind. He made a groan in annoyance before he tried pushing forward, his forehead feeling sore. Lirri could see the stress as she touched Ben’s knee. “Okay Ben, I think this is enough for today.” Lirri began as Ben nodded before he let himself relax, and lean forward to grasp Lirri’s hands as he tilted his head. “How did I do?” Ben questioned as Lirri gave him a large smile and a reassuring squeeze. “Really well Ben, you are probably ahead of the others, by a few days of work.” Lirri began, before continuing to hold his hand. “I think with a lot of practice you could be good at this.” Ben let out a sigh of relief before standing up and bringing Lirri up with him before pulling her into a hug as he whispered quietly in her ear. “Maybe you could give me some private lessons?” Ben heard Lirri laugh as she buried her face in his shoulder to hide the blush on her cheeks. “Perhaps,” Lirri said as she moved to look up at Ben. “Although that may be on the backburner.” Lirri began before sighing. “Luke’s sending me on a mission for him sometime- it could be in a few days, or a few weeks.” Lirri stated as Ben immediately began frowning as he moved away. “For what? Why?” Ben questioned while clenching his fist. His emotions were soaring as he was waiting for a response. “From what I guessed, a supply run or to pick up new recruits.” Lirri said as Ben unclenched his hands before walking away. Lirri could tell Ben was upset, but was unsure exactly why he was provoked by her leaving. Running after Ben, Lirri cringed from the pain her thigh as she called out his name before finally catching up and trying to grab Ben only to trip in the last moment and fall over onto Ben. Both tumbled on the path as Lirri fell onto Ben’s back. “Sorry.” Lirri mumbled before moving backwards to get off of Ben and look at him, “I just want to figure out why you are mad. Like, I’m not leaving for long Ben.” Lirri said as Ben shifted his body to move and face Lirri. “It isn’t you- it’s just things are going so right at the moment and I don’t want you to leave.” Ben confessed as he looked at her. Lirri nodded slowly as she looked to him with a small smile. “Don’t worry Ben, just know that I’ll always come back.” Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben was annoyed and couldn’t sleep since his mind was racing. Ben accepted Snoke’s offer as soon as he was alone from Lirri. If he had unlimited powers, as Snoke promised, he could keep things from changing. Ben also knew that he could prove himself as a worth member of Skywalker clan. After all, around this age, his grandfather was this age when he had been married, his uncle became a Jedi and his mother were at war with the Dark Side- mind you, Ben definitely had always seen the world as shades of grey rather than the black and white of good and evil. Ben knew that ever since he was a child and had dreams of the terrible things that the ‘Good Side’ did. Ben had not expected there to be a catch with the offer though. Ben was given a task to prove his willingness for Snoke. It made him shudder and grow concerned on how he could possibly complete the task. He was charged with disposing of one of the in training Padawan. Murder. Ben knew this was a task that was so dangerous and he wouldn’t be able to do well with it. Ben was processing it again when there was a quiet knocking on his door. Sitting up he looked around before Ben heard the soft knocks again. Walking towards the bedroom door, he opened it slowly to see a girl, she resembled the limp figure he saw in a vision earlier. The one Lirri tried saving. Was it a sign? Ben had to take it as such. She was one of the few Twi’lek training – the only female one at the very least. Her name was Igni, he believed? “Yes?” Ben questioned as she smiled to Ben. “Master Luke told all of us to join him at night for a relaxing night under the stars. He believes there may be shooting stars quite visible to us and it could be a great moment to relax and meditate if we wish.” Igni said as he nodded, pretending he knew anything she had been talking about. She was quite bubbly, and eyes continuously observed him with an obvious flush on her face. “Oh, right. “ Ben glanced down as his bare torso. “I’ll meet everyone out there.” Ben said before flashing a smile and shutting the door. He could hear the girl saying “Oh…okay.” Before he left to change his outfit. Ben knew that he should attend so that everyone would see him as being social and friendly- although he wasn’t going to be around for much longer. Pulling on a long sleeved shirt and slipping on shoes, Ben left the room when he felt the hallway was empty. As he was walking by the kitchen a sweet smell hit his nose. Glancing into the kitchen, he noticed Lirri attempting to juggle a large bag on her shoulder, and a tray overflowing with all the requirements for hot drinks. Her one hand was inching towards the large container to carry hot water as Ben swooped in knowing it would be right to help. Grabbing the container before she could, Ben smirked and looked at her. “You know, you could use the Force to help you.” Ben stated as he saw Lirri stick a tongue out at him. “That requires concentration for a long period of time, with the hope I don’t get distracted.” Lirri retorted before walking out of the kitchen with Ben following behind slowly. “Oh distractions? Like what?” Ben questioned cheekily as she looked over to him purposely so he could see her roll her eyes. “Students wishing to speak, an animal, or being distracted by a boyfriend. “ Lirri responded as she shifted her hands to open the door for Ben and usher him out before her as Lirri immediately heard a chuckle. “Oh boyfriend? We have titles now?” Ben question as Lirri sped up her stepping so that he could see her nodding. “I thought so, after all what else would you call us?” LIrri questioned in returned as she took the lead down the path. “That’s what I’d call us, I just haven’t heard you say it.” Ben responded, happily enjoying the moment. It was nice to hear her call him that even though they were keeping this a secret. Lirri constantly brought him into a delighted mood even after the torment he was dealing with. Ben looked at her before pausing. “Are you wearing my shirt?” Ben questioned as he saw Lirri flushed immediately. “Maybe, I don’t know.” Ben chuckled. “I just grabbed a clean shirt in my room.” Lirri responded as they could hear voices slowly becoming louder. “Well, it looks good on you.” Ben told her with a wink before walking ahead. They arrived at the beach where blankets and logs were strewn around a fire. Luke sat on a log with extra blankets beside him as Lirri immediately walked over to Luke’s area to place the tray down on a blanket. Ben handed Lirri the container of water as her hands overlapped his for a few moments before she slipped her hands up and took it from him with a thank you. Ben moved away as he looked around to see where was available. Igni was leaning on a log that was pretty empty and she seemed pretty eager to have him sit near there. Everywhere else was either tightly crammed seats or he’d be sitting out of the circle. Taking it as his option, Ben sat on the far side of the log from Igni and as close to LIrri as he could who sat with Master Luke. Ben noticed that out of the bag was different treats,that everyone was surrounding to grab at with a cup of tea. It seemed like eternity before everyone had sat down and Ben had a chance to grab his own cup of tea and some snacks before sitting down again, confused at the proximity of Igni being much closer now to his seat. Shrugging it off, Ben listened to his uncle speak. Luke was telling them about the tales of his life as they asked. The one that was currently being told was about how Leia and Han fell in love. It was a wonderful story to those that only had the glimmer of the spun words from Luke, but Ben felt different. He did earnestly believe his parents were at least some point in love, but Ben also knew about the arguments they had and the amount of times Han left and Ben honestly believed he wouldn’t return and sometimes, Ben wished it since whenever Han was home, there was a brief moment of happiness before an argument ensued. Especially between himself and his own father. Ben glanced at Lirri who was intently listening the story, her eyes wide as she had a similar love struck look on her face as many of the others did, only she kept glancing at Ben with a small smile. Lirri was a romantic, who knew? ----------------- Slowly all of the Padawans began to leave one by one with a few requiring a light nudge by Lirri or Luke to head to bed after they fell asleep out there. Each was ensured that they would be taking it light tomorrow after all the amazing progress that had been occurring. They deserved breaks after all. Soon it was dwindled down to have only Lirri and Ben left after they ensured Luke that they’d clean up and let him take it easy as well. Lirri was grabbing all the blankets and leftover supplies- thankful it was a lighter load with most people having taken their cups back with them. The fire was glowing slightly as Ben helped Lirri collect things into the bags nearby. Lirri stood back up as she looked at Ben with a smile. “It was great to hear everyone’s stories tonight.” Lirri said beaming. “I think that we should do this more, to help everyone open up and form better emotional relationships between one another.” “If I remember the Jedi Code correctly, it says ‘ There is no emotion, there is peace. There is no ignorance, there is knowledge. There is no passion, there is serenity. There is no chaos, there is harmony. There is no death, there is the Force” Ben stated as he pulled Lirri close against him as he looked down at her. Lirri wrapped her arms around Ben’s neck with a hand rubbing the back of it as she tilted her head. “I grew up with the variation of that. Emotion, yet peace. Ignorance, yet knowledge. Passion, yet serenity. Chaos, yet harmony. Death, yet the Force.” Pausing for a moment Lirri continued. “The world could never be black and white, so the way of the Force must adapt to this.” Ben was in shock when Lirri mentioned the shade of greys as he pulled her face up to kiss her softly. “That’s one thing I love about you, you understand. There isn’t just a light side or a dark side. It’s an old fashioned system.” Lirri smiled softly before shutting her mouth in an obvious attempt at suppress a yawn. Kissing her forehead, Ben pulled away to grab the container and dumped the remaining water on the fire to smother it. Gathering the tray and container, Ben left Lirri with the blankets. “Let’s head back now, or else I may have to carry you too.” Ben said with a chuckle as she grabbed the blankets and followed Ben in a slow pace up to the temple. They shoved everything in the kitchen with glasses soaking. Ben saw Lirri in her tired state trying to clean the mugs. Ben knew she was going to try and clean everything before going to bed. He also knew that she would be likely to fall asleep over the sink and wake up incredibly stiff. Ben went behind Lirri and scooped her up bridal style. Lirri went to protest this as Ben looked into her eyes, focusing and telling Lirri to sleep. It was almost instantaneous as she fell asleep with her head against his shoulder. Ben knew that it would be simpler if they stayed in the same room that night- and he enjoyed the idea of being able to cuddle her in the morning was a great bonus too. Notes: I am so happy to give you guys a second chapter in the last twenty-four hours! I am on a bus currently between where my friends live and where I live/work so I wrote a nice chapter that is getting closer and closer to my ideal length. I hope to have the next chapter up by the 10th, so look out! I hope to bring in the suggestions I heard more and more through the chapters. Chapter 11 Notes: Okay, here is the newest chapter. Sorry for the delay, it was one hectic month! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben stared at his reflection as he tried to build up the courage to go complete his task. Earlier that day, he asked Igni to speak with him at sundwon near the cliff. Ben has also planned for Lirri to be distracted so she has no chance in getting in their way. Sucking in a deep breath, Ben walked out of his room. He walked past the medic room as he heard the shuffling inside of Lirri hard at work dealing with the inventory count and creating a thorough list of supplies. Stepping in, Ben took a seat on the bed as he waited for Lirri to acknowledge his presence. She was crouched in a cupboard while murmuring various numbers as Ben glanced over as his girlfriend with a smirk before he saw Lirri slowly scooting her way out. Sighing, Lirri stood up and wrote down on a chart before hearing a cough. Glancing around, her eyes widened in surprise. “Ben what are you doing?” She questioned while walking over to stand beside the bed. The man in question sat up as Lirri raised an eyebrow. “I thought everyone was busy with training toda-“Lirri stated before she let out a squeal as arms wrapped around her hips and dragged them down. Ben held Lirri closed to him as he nuzzled his face against her neck. Lirri laughed as she whispered to Ben. “What if someone notices you are gone or comes in? I don’t want your uncle finding out through a rumour.” Lirri said as Ben groaned before he kissed her neck. “I don’t care, aren’t you tired of following rules?” Ben questioned as Lirri laid on him with her fingers grazing through his soft hair. Her eyes stared at him as she shrugged. “The rules are here for a reason Ben. If you want, we can tell all after I finish the inventory and regathering supplies?” Lirri questioned as Ben stared into her eyes with a smile. “That sounds nice.” Ben said as he knew this had not gone in the way he had planned but Ben appreciated spending quality with Lirri. Ben pulled away her headband as the short hairs fell around her face. Letting out a quiet sigh, Lirri nuzzled into Ben while he held her close. This is what he wanted to remember and keep close always. Lirri stayed like this for a few minutes before she moved her hands to cup Ben’s cheek, causing his lips to smush a bit. Lirri giggled at this as she leaned down and pressed a quick kiss to the lips. Ben chuckled as he imagined how his own face looked in the instance. Eyes met one another as Lirri finally asked. “How much free time do you have Ben?” Smiling, Ben took a moment to think before pecking her lips and answering. “Enough to show you how much I love you.” Lips reconnected with Lirri who happily reciprocated. ----------------------------------------- Ben tapped his foot while leaning against the tree. To his left was the cliff and far to the ride was the trail. Ben had skipped dinner in order to arrive before Igni. The rustling in the bushes drew Ben’s attention as he noticed the girl he was waiting for finally arrived. Igni was grinning ear to eat at this secret rendezvous as he glanced towards the cliff again. Igni stood in front of Ben as she rocked on heels and fingers fiddling with her sleeves. “So Ben, what is it you wanted to talk to me about?” Igni questioned as Ben looked down at her. She seemed pretty unaware as he shrugged and decided to play it out a bit longer and build the trust. “Well, what do you think?” Ben prodded as Igni began to ramble about what the girls she had thought it meant and what she hoped. He almost wanted to break her spirits immediately and say he was happily taken but Ben continued on the charade. Igni smiled as she began rambling more. He was waiting for just the right moment. The moment Igni made eye contact, Ben waved his hands. “You will cease talking.” Ben stated as Igni stiffened before repeating what Ben stated before being silent. Smiling, Ben waved his hand in front of her face. He spoke slowly and calmly. “You will walk towards your right and keep walking.” Igni repeated his words before turning towards her right and began walking slowly. He was anxious about how slowly Igni was walking as he waited. Perhaps he should have said to run or go jump. Watching this was almost surreal, he knew what he had told Igni and the actions, but he didn’t want to believe it for himself that Ben was actually going to end a life in a mere moment. His blood was pumping and Ben couldn’t help but stare at Igni as she walked. Igni was around two metres from the cliff when he heard a gasp. Looking over, Ben noticed Lirri, before he could react, Lirri was already at a running start towards Igni. Anger flared as he tried to knit pick every moment of today trying to figure out where Lirri could have clued in. He knew what was happening as he ran down the path on the opposite way towards the beach as glanced back to see both Igni and Lirri go off of the cliff. ----------------------------------------------- Lirri had never intended to listen into the Padawan’s conversations at dinner but when Ben’s name came up, she couldn’t help but listen while clearing up the dishes. Lirri put the tub she was carrying dishes in on a nearby table as she began to gather the plates and other dishes. Lirri listened carefully. “Ben as in Ben Solo?” One Padawan said as Igni nodded her head in delight. “Yup.” Igni began, making sure to add the emphasis to the ‘p’ before she continued. “He wants to meet me in in this exclusive area that overlooks the lake.” Igni let out a bit of a squeal before she stood up. “I need to go get ready, we are meeting at sundown. Don’t wait up for me, I feel like we are going to have fun all night long, if you catch my drift.” Lirri felt the intense jealously coursing through her as the glass in her hand slipped and shattered on the ground. Gasping, Lirri jumped back as Igni looked at Lirri in confusion. “Are you okay Lirri?” Igni walked over and began to help Lirri pick up the larger chunks. “Uh yeah, just tired from inventory is all.” Lirri said as she put on a fake smile. “I have this Igni, don’t worry.” Igni put the pieces she had into a bowl and nodded. “Okay.” Igni stood up and looked at Lirri once more before leaving. She rushed to pick up all the pieces before taking the container into the kitchen and setting it on the counter. It was hard to breathe, and think straight. Lirri wanted to go straight up to Ben and demand an explanation but half of her wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt and Igni was just confused. She couldn’t let herself be mad at Igni, but Ben however, she could be furious with. Storming out of the kitchen, Lirri rushed out of the building. When she saw Igni leaving, she stopped herself and looked around trying to appear innocent before she felt there was enough space. It wouldn’t hurt to follow, after all she was protecting Igni. Lirri made sure to keep far away and duck whenever she felt like Igni was going to be looking back. Upon the clearing, Lirri noticed Ben as she tensed up before hiding behind a tree to spy. If she got any closer Ben may notice her and she’d be ruined. Squinting her eyes, Lirri bit her lip trying to remain quiet. What confused her was Igni suddenly freezing. Igni was out of character being still… and well quiet. When Igni began to walk towards the cliff, a feeling of dread washed over her. She needed to save Igni. Bolting forward, Lirri chased after Igni who was practically at the edge. Ben flashed by her vision but there was other priorities. Igni went over as Lirri cried out and jumped off the edge as well. As soon as she jumped, Lirri realized that there was probably better methods to have done this – lick the Force for example. The water hit her hard as Lirri gasped, her lungs burning from the sudden lack of air. Her head knocked against something and it dazed her. Looking around under water, Lirri couldn’t seem to focus as there was two of everything. Seeing Igni face down under the water she swam towards the center of the two blurs and used her hands to feel for what would be Igni. Grasping it, Lirri pulled the body closed as she kicked upwards towards the surface. Her eyes burned and lungs screamed for oxygen. Her head was pounding like a rock and made it hard to concentrate or keep open her eyes. Breaking the surface, Lirri gasped for air before dragging herself to the shore, her one arm clinging around Igni. When she felt the sand, Lirri tossed Igni to the side and crawled over to her. Her eyes were heavy, and head was spinning. Checking for a pulse, Lirri cursed as she didn’t feel one on Igni’s. Lirri began what she hoped would work. CPR. Lirri’s hands were pressing down on Igni’s chest, trying to restart her heart while staying awake. It became harder and harder to focus as Lirri continued to try and revive Igni. “C-co-come o-o-on Ig-ig-niiii.” Lirri stumbled out as she continued the compressions even when she fell and pushed herself back up. Lirri’s eyes finally closed as she fell onto Igni, not realizing the faint coughing come from Igni or the barely moving chest. Notes: Dun dun dun! I suck at suspense. Next chapter should be up soon and it'll be the last one of backstory before we get on the main event. Chapter 12 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben saw the two girls collapsed on the sand as he drew closer to them. Both were showing signs of breathing and that wasn’t okay. He knelt beside the two as he let his fingers gently stroke Lirri’s hair as he bit his lip. She wasn’t supposed to get involved and yet here she was, bruised and unconscious at the very least on top of Igni- a girl who was to be dead. Ben had already done too much to back out of the power he was to have, the future that was just near his fingertips. Staring at Igni, Ben could feel his blood boiling with rage as he raised one hand. He focused his attention on Igni as a small sputtering noise started coming out of Igni. Glaring, Ben closed his hand slightly. Igni’s sputtering noise became more of a choked gasp with her body stiffening before suddenly going limp. Ben held his hand where it was for a moment as he felt the calmness slowly washed over him. Ben turned his attention to Lirri. He would have to leave her, after all, Lirri was still in the light and Ben wasn’t at a point in his life where he was powerful enough to woo Lirri from this. Ben was careful as he leaned down and pressed a kissed to her head, eyes prickling with tears before he pulled away. His steps were quick and shaky as he made haste to the meeting spot. ------------------------------------------------------------- Luke hated to bring bad news, especially when he was having difficulties processing the information himself. His own nephew left with Igni’s bizarre death as a coincidental distraction. Now his apprentice was searching for answers after she awoke from being unconscious nearly two weeks. Lirri turned and looked at Luke as her shaky hands clung to the tea cup as her legs hung off the bed. Her eyes were red and puffy as her brain tried processing everything her master told her once again. “Bu-but why?” was all Lirri could get out as Luke leaned over and put a hand on her knee in an act of empathy. “I’m afraid I can’t answer that Lirri,” Luke began as he spoke softly. “But just know that you did all you could.” Luke knew that Lirri was quite close with Ben, no matter how discreet they attempted to be. Luke didn’t mind as long as training was not interrupted. They say in silence for a bit, it wasn’t comfortable but also not awkward. Lirri’s fingers tapped against the cup as Luke glanced up to see the tears streaming down her face as she tried to choke back the sobs. Luke took his hand back as he let Lirri let out these emotions as he sat there patiently. Finally, Lirri broke the silence. “Lu- Luke I need to go find him. I need to find clues.” Lirri said as she set the mug nearby and stood on her feet before wobbling as Lirri tried to get grounded. Luke lurched forward to catch Lirri but she put out a hand to stop him. “I don’t think that is wise Lirri, we don’t know where to look.” Luke responded as she turned to look at him, arms flailing. “I can’t just sit here though- he’s out there.” Lirri wanted answers but most importantly, Lirri wanted to be away from this place since it just reminded her of everything. Most importantly, it reminded Lirri that she let Igni down and was too late pulling her out of the water as far as she knew. That whole day was blurry, other than Igni going over the cliff with her trying to be the hero. “I understand, but just wait until you’ve recovered Lirri.” Luke began as he stood up with her. “You can’t very well run a ship in your condition. Besides, this can’t be the last we see of Ben, have faith.” There was a tension in the room, Luke could feel it but it seemed to break the instant Lirri nodded her head as Luke embraced her in a hug. __________________________________________________________________ When Luke left Lirri that night she was sound asleep- although he knew it would only be a matter of time before the dreams took over. Luke knew Lirri, her dreams would become excessive when she was under emotional duress. He sat outside the building and watched the stars. Deep down, Luke had a terrible feeling of what was to come but he couldn’t bear to think about it after all that happened. Wherever Ben was, Luke hoped he was safe. __________________________________________________________________ Lirri left around a month later, after ensuring that the training grounds were in working order for Luke to run by himself. She was prepping a small one man ship that she could take to get more food supplies, herbs and if possible, inspect a possible lead. Her trip was one that felt lonely, but Lirri began to get used to the feeling. When Luke met her at Maz Kanata’s, she was terrified. Luke wouldn’t have left the Padawans alone like this without either of them. He seemed rather beat up himself, with some cuts and bruises hiding under the edges of cloth. Both of them sat at a back table until Luke spoke. “Lirri, they’re all gone.” His head was hung low and eyes squeezed shut. Luke mumbled afterwards. “The Knights of Ren came and killed all the Padawan.” Lirri stared at Luke for a moment as the thought sunk in. Her body going from its relaxed composure to tensed. “Luke, there had to have been some survivors we’re Jedi being trained by you! The older Padawan should have been able to defend themselves and the young ones.” Lirri was going through a flurry of emotions as she stood up and slammed her hands on the table suddenly. “We’ll go back and check for survivors. Then we can make sure we can protect them and any other force sensitives we find!” Lirri’s brain was going 14 parsecs a second trying to solve the issue not full realizing the circumstances. “Lirri, we can’t.” “What do you mean we can’t?” she asked hesitantly before sitting back down. “The whole training grounds… they’re destroyed. All of it. The other force sensitives were killed before we were attacked.” Luke explained. He stood up as he ushered Lirri to stand up and walk with him as he tied his cloak back on. When they got outside, Luke walked them towards the lake, hoping the calm atmosphere would make this easier for both of them. Lirri stared at the water while making some glances towards Luke. “Lirri, we aren’t safe and being around myself won’t protect you.” Luke began as Lirri looked at Luke in shock. It was clear that she was confused to what he was going to. “That’s why I’m leaving to a place no one can find me.” Luke turned to place his real hand on Lirri’s shoulder. “Please be safe- go to the Resistance with my sister Leia if you must. Just keep ear out for the Knights of Ren and avoid them.” Lirri nodded, as the words sunk in before springing forward to hug her mentor. “Luke… thank you.” She choked out before she pulled away and smiled sadly at him. “This isn’t a permanent goodbye Master Luke. We will meet again.” She promised as Luke left her staring at her reflection in the water. Notes: Time to skip forward to get you guys more Kylo Ren! Chapter 13 Lirri walked across the dessert of Tuanul, stopping at some of the vendors to grab fruit and other little things that caught her eyes. Her hair was covered in a hood, and a scarf around her neck to pull up when it gets much too windy. Her green eyes scanned the dessert until she noticed the old man watching Lirri from the other side of the market. Lirri knew it was her contact. Walking towards the exit, Lirri glanced back to see Lor San following her as she moved to lean against a wall until Lor San got towards her. Lor San smiled as he waved Lirri to follow him to a small hut. Lor San offered her a seat as she took it as she pulled down the hood and smiled at the elderly gentleman. “Mr. Tekka, thank you having me.” Lirri said as the older man sat across from her as he nodded. “Yes, well after you and your master’s communications, I wanted to get in touch as quickly as I could.” Lirri nodded as her hands anxiously shifted in her lap. “Yes, it’s been quite some time since Master Skywalker had sent communication to me until this came in saying he wanted you to be given this.” Lirri’s hand shifted to a small hidden pocket in her jacket to pull out a small drive. Lor San put out his hand as Lirri took a moment before putting it in Lor San’s hand. It felt strange for it to not be physically touching the drive anymore. “I’m already working on finding a secure contact to get in touch with the Rebel Alliance and General Organa. With how things are going with the Order, we may need Luke soon.” Lirri nodded as she sighed. “Well, it’s almost been ten years.” Lirri responded as she ran a hand through her hair. Lor San could see the woman in front of him was exhausted from her journey. From what he had heard, Lirri rarely was in a place for long enough to settle, at most a few weeks. “Anyways, I’m afraid I should leave Mr. Tekka.” Lirri added before standing up and bringing her hood up. “Trouble sometimes follows me.” Lirri gave Lor San Tekka a soft small smile as she left the hut. It felt as if she was missing a piece of herself leaving without the drive. Lirri flew away from the spiritual village on Jakku as she let out an anxious breathe that she had been holding since the moment she landed on Jakku. Lirri felt the urge to breathe as she finally saw Odem. Lirri landed the small ship on the island making sure to have it covered under some trees. After landing, Lirri took a walk around the planet, still close to the ship as she breathed in relief feeling a moment’s peace. There was no one else anywhere nearby as she sat under a tree, allowing herself a short few minutes to mediate and calm her mind before going back into her ship and collapsing on the cot in a restless sleep. Lirri woke up with a strange feeling in her gut as she rubbed the back of her neck. Even after eating, she still was racked with this unsettling feeling as she decided that just after a day she would need to leave Odem and head towards Maz Kanata’s at Takodana. The young woman knew it would be a long travel and she needed to fill her pouch with water. The trip to the faraway stream seemed to take forever but as she walked back a heavy pressure filled the air. It was nothing but dread. Quickening her steps, Lirri was focusing on getting to the ship and leaving the planet before her eyes landed on the Storm Troopers up ahead. Lirri hadn’t seen Storm Troopers in a few months, and even then she evaded them. Hoping for the best, Lirri chose to try and evade them again. She found a large tree with heavy foliage as she hastily scrambled up it and hid in the leaves; ignoring all the sticks and raised bark that scratched at her skin. The Storm Troopers turned to look in the same direction as Lirri saw a silver Storm Trooper. Cursing to herself, she hated that unlike usual it wasn’t the typical flock of basic Storm Troopers. Moving towards the middle of the tree, Lirri took calming breaths as she sipped some water before pulling her scarf up to cover her mouth and have the hood hide her hair. Leaning forward again, Lirri tried to judge her situation as she took in a dark clad figure with a cape flowing behind him. Kylo Ren. The murderer of the Jedi Padawans. Her heart was pounding and her brained raced in hopes of coming up with a plan that would get her at least to a place where she could get a ride to Maz Kanata’s. It seemed like they were discussing a plan, with all looking away from her tree. Taking the opportunity, Lirri climbed down the tree slowly in hopes that she could keep it quietly. A yelling could be heard as she saw Storm Troopers looking at her tree. Instinct took over as she heard the blaster go off, Lirri turned and immediately raised a hand to stop the shot in its track about 10 feet from the tree. Lirri gasped as she realized that if Kylo Ren hadn’t realized she was Force Sensitive, they would now. Which was almost like her signing her own death sentence. Taking the chance when the Storm Troopers were shocked, Lirri jumped the last few feet out of the tree before running for it as the sparks and leaves fell down on her. She ran in a zig zagged pattern between the trees- thankful for the thick forest as she could hear the shots hitting around her. Her lungs were burning and brain racing so much, she wasn’t even sure how her legs were moving this quickly. The shots were getting closer to her as she glanced back to see the Silver Storm Trooper pointing at something ahead of her as Lirri made a sharp right turn, nearly crashing into a tree. Her instincts were almost screaming at her for doing the wrong thing as she felt the energy getting stronger as she moved. Lirri glanced and saw the left was about to open for her as she moved her body to turn when a sharp force drove against her shoulder, driving Lirri to the ground and rolling into the trunk of a tree. Crying out in pain, Lirri stood up as her right hand moved to touch her left shoulder, feeling a wetness on her fingers as the smell of copper invaded her senses. Lirri began to run again, as her senses felt like she were all in overdrive. Lirri passed a tree as black and bright red flashed in the corner of her eye with the buzz of a lightsaber- her body moved to go right but arms snatched around her waist and pushed her against the tree with a single hand around her throat that dragged her up the bark until she was eye level with Kylo Ren and her feet were dangling. The lightsaber was in her peripheral vision. LIrri kicked at his legs as her hands clawed to his hand around her throat. She wasn’t going out this way- not by choking or lightsaber. Kylo Ren leaned towards her as she could feel the fear overcoming her and her ability to handle the Force. “Sleep.” He commanded as her eyes immediately shut and body went limp. He scooped her up in his arms. Kylo saw Captain Phasma nearby as he pointed back towards the ship. “Search the ship.” He commanded before walking away with Lirri. -------------------------------------------- Kylo Ren watched as they returned Lirri to her chair, making sure the restraints were in place. He sent the guards away as he let out a deep breath. When the door was shut, Kylo removed his helmet and stared at this familiar face unconscious in front of him. It had been ten years almost since he saw her and he could see how she had aged. Her body had filled out to have a more defined pear shape. Her skin was still sun kissed but did nothing to hide the dark circles under her eyes that were framed by her grown out hair. She looked at peace in the moment without the stress lines and closed eyes. Kylo couldn’t deny she was still as beautiful as the last time he had physically seen her this close even with her injuries from being on the run and the Storm Troopers interrogating her. He continued to observe her for a few more minutes before he put his helmet back on before she saw his face. Kylo knew that it would be something that may shock her enough to give him the upperhand if necessary. Kylo could hear the soft groan escape her lips as he stood in front of her. It took some time for Lirri to open her eyes as he watched. Lirri let out a cough as he noticed some blood trickle onto the side of her lip. His hands were folded together with under all emotion hidden under his mask. Lirri’s eyes ran up Kylo Ren’s form as her eyes landed on his mask before cussing her breath and closing her eyes as she leaned her head back. “Just kill me now.” She muttered as Kylo stepped forward. “Now why would we do that?” Kylo asked as he watched her body language –shoulders tense and eyes squeezed so shut it looked almost painful. “Because you won’t get any information out of me.” She replied with a hint of honesty in her voice. To her this was the truth. “I will admit, I am impressed that no one has gotten the information out of you on who you gave the map to. It’s been nearly a week.” Kylo said calmly as he brought a stool closer to his prisoner. Lirri smirked as she leaned her head up. “You think I’d give away information to mind washed soldiers who hide behind masks or any members of the First Order?” Scoffing her green eyes looked towards the mask. Stepping forward, Kylo tilted his head. “Of course I do. Everyone breaks eventually.” Looking down a bit to the bruises that littered her skin, with the cut marks and her red shoulder- it seemed angry with irritation. Taking his hand, he pressed it on Lirri’s shoulder. A painful gasp escaped her lips as she tried shaking her shoulders to get his hand off. Kylo’s hand pushed harder against it until her shoulder was firmly against the metal. He continued for as he stared at Lirri’s face; seeing that she was biting her lip to suppress the noise, Kylo knew it was causing her quite a bit of pain. He continued pressing until he finally heard Lirri whimper. Pulling his gloved hand away, Kylo took a step backas Lirri caught her breath. “I- won’t break and tell you.” She whispered as Kylo nodded before hearing a knocking on the door; as he stormed over to open it. On the other side was General Hux, standing impatiently. “We have a meeting-“Hux began as Kylo cut him off. “I’m busy.” “It’s with Snoke.” Hux added as Kylo sighed; it was not something to put off. Glancing back to Lirri, he smirked before leaving the room and sending Storm Troopers in to continue. ------------------ Lirri’s teeth were chattering as she was placed back onto the board like thing she spent most of her time in. Her damp clothing sticking to her skin as she felt the braces around her ankles and wrists, digging into the raw skin of her wrists. She was left alone briefly as the exhaustion began to take a hold of as she decided to rest her eyes for a few minutes. A blaring noise brought her awake as she glared to the Storm Trooper that had appeared. “No sleeping.” They declared before walking away. Closing her eyes again, she heard the blaring noise as her eyes opened once again as the Storm Trooper stared at her and came to stand beside her. Lirri was quite annoyed at this situation. She hadn’t been able to eat in a few days, had only been given a small cup of water a day and now wasn’t allowed to sleep. Glaring at the Storm Trooper, she took a deep breath. “You will let me sleep.” Lirri declared, feeling the power behind the Storm Trooper’s words. The Storm Trooper stiffened their posture. “I will let you sleep.” “You will guard the door so I can sleep.” “I will guard the door so you can sleep.” The Storm Trooper spoke before walking to the door as she relaxed. Her body craved the rest. She knew that if she had tried to escape, it would be destined to fail since her body lacked the energy. Closing her eyes again, Lirri let sleep overcome her. Lirri awoke to her body feeling stiff but also a new bit of energy and clarity in her mind. Rolling her head a bit to loosen up her neck as she began to hum an old tune that the Padawan used to sing by the fire as she waited for someone to drag her away or talk with her. As if it was a cue, the door swung open with Kylo coming through, anger seeping from him. He stormed up to her before she felt the pressure in her head. He was trying to go through her thoughts as she cried out and resisted. Her bran focused on any memories that would keep her thoughts from the drive that had the map. The bonfires came into her mind as she thought about everyone spending time with each other as people slowly left. Being left with Ben and sharing a tender moment. The pain in her mind was incredible as Lirri focused on the memory. She wasn’t sure how long it lasted until she felt the pain stop as she glanced to Kylo Ren. She could tell he annoyed by his clenched fists but they slowly relaxed as they raised to touch his mask towards the back. The helmet hissed before Kylo removed it- revealing long waves of dark hair and a face that Lirri could recognize in a heartbeat. Biting her lip, she stared at Kylo’s chest- trying to not think about his face or personality. His voice was more natural to her, and it made her heart hurt. “You’re resilience at this point is nothing but fruitless. We are already tracking your journey from that ship of yours.” Kylo said as he leaned forward and grabbed her face by the chin to yank her face up to look at his own. The expression on his softened as Lirri leaned a bit forward. “If you just give in Lirri and tell us the information you can stop running. Join the First Order. You would have a bed, shower, and people to do as you ordered.” Kylo offered with a polite tone as his hand softened its grip. Lirri’s eyes connected with his as she forced them to close as she shook her head. “The First Order needs this information Lirri one way or another. We need to stop those Rebels.” He explained while staring at her, hoping for her eyes to open once more. “No; you’ll have to pry that information out of me. Master Skywalker is needed to help when the newest Force Sensitives are born or found.” She whispered before her face was let go. “Fine; if you want it the hard way, we’ll do it the hard way.”