“My jacket really does look good on you-” Poe says. “I…” Finn is tongue-tied. The way Poe is staring at him… looking Finn up and down with a hopeful little half-smile… Finn has never been on the receiving end of a look like that, certainly not from someone as handsome and funny and cool and just… just GREAT as Poe… and his face is burning. “I bet it would look even better…” Poe continues, biting his lip and cocking his eyebrows playfully, “On my bedroom floor.” “Oh!” Finn stammers, “If you want it back I could always go toss it in your room, I didn’t mean to keep it too long– at least let me mend it for you first, it’s–” As Finn babbles, he sees Poe’s look turn slowly to one of confusion, then dismay as he tries to reassure Finn that “No, no, buddy, that’s not what I meant, I want you to keep the jacket, it was a gift…. I just… I was just…” And the two of them end up blushing furiously and pounding eachother manfully on the back, both talking over one another and saying things like “Cool buddy,” “Thanks man,” “Think nothing of it” It’s not til later, when Finn is recounting the situation over again to Jessika and she smacks her forehead and cries “He was flirting, dumbass!! That’s the oldest line in the book!!!” …that he realizes what a blunder he made- Chapter 2 : Hey Buddy Summary: NSFW Sheets twisting in his hands, bed creaking and thumping the wall of his room- Poe moaning “Yeah, buddy, that’s it– come on, come on…” Finn groaning “Is it a little weird to call me that while I’m fucking you? It sounds so…” “Mmmm, you want me to call you Baby instead? Baby?” Poe croons smugly, kissing Finn’s face and running his hands up his back. “That’s it, baby, come on-” “Cute…” Finn says, then changes up his angle and hooks Poe’s leg up over his elbow. He’s rewarded by Poe’s gasp, followed by strangled yells of “Oh fuck, Finn.. FINN-” “Yeah— Finn… that sounds good.” Finn quips, forehead beading with sweat, and a little smile tucked into the corner of his mouth. “I like it.” Chapter 3 : Case of the Ex Poe running into an ex— maybe a handsome officer, and they laugh and talk and trade familiar “hello” kisses that verge on PDA Poe introduces the man to Finn with the adoring, slightly awed reverence he always has when he’s talking about Finn… As usual, the clear signs of Poe’s enormous esteem and love escape Finn’s notice, he’s too humble, or too self-deprecating to see them, and he finds himself terribly jealous of this handsome older man who obviously knows Poe VERY well… “So… he’s an old friend of yours?” Finn asks later on, trying to be casual. “Old flame.” Poe says brightly, “We dated for… wow, about a year. He’s still a good friend, it just didn’t really work out. He wanted to play the field, we were never exclusive… and I guess at heart I’m a one-man kinda guy.” Poe smiles, just a touch wistfully. “Different people. You know how it is.” “Yeah… Completely.” Finn nods in sage understanding, having absolutely no idea “how it is.” He’s not as ignorant about these things as some of the Resistance seems to think he is (someone had actually asked him the other day if he knew what sex was, imagine…) But he’s NEVER seen someone talk so frankly about a same-sex relationship, much less one that didn’t seem to follow any rigid rules of conduct and propriety. Poe’s words “I’m a One-Man Guy” keep repeating themselves in his mind over and over until they don’t even sound like words anymore. What must it be like to know yourself so well? And why do the words make him ache with both hope and despair? He feels now, more keenly than ever, his difference from Poe, from the rest of the people in the Resistance… He has no fucking clue what Normal People’s lives are like, how to have a regular relationship, what people DO… He wishes Rey were here, for all that their upbringings were so dissimilar, he knows she would be able to understand. He imagines Rey WERE here, and not pursuing her destiny in far-off lands. Then he would ask her what Poe MEANT when he said this or that, if she thinks Poe might… like him… the same way Finn likes Poe… He can just see her face, the cartoonish, horrified grimace, and her laughter: “How am I supposed to know that, you moony twit, ask him yourself!!!” Chapter 4 : Sick Finn getting sick, and Poe taking a few days off just to nurse him- Getting him fizzy drinks and encouraging him to eat something, even though Finn woozily protests that he isn’t hungry, “I know, buddy, I know… Just try to get something in your stomach if you can, you need your strength–” Finn, who growing up never had anyone to care how he felt, or baby him when he was sick, thinks guiltily that he wishes he were sick all the time, since it means he gets all this- Poe and BB8 making sympathetic cooing noises and bringing Finn hot drinks and warm blankets- Poe letting him rest his head in his lap, stroking Finn’s hair and softly singing an old lullaby to him in a language Finn doesn’t recognize.. “You’re sick, so you decide what we listen to.” Poe says when Finn expresses the desire to hear some music. “Can you sing again?” Finn asks, and Poe smiles so fondly and murmurs, “Of course, honey.” (He probably said “Buddy" Finn rationalizes later: Not “Honey…” Finn was so out of it and dizzy he probably misheard… right?) And it’s so different: in Finn’s experience with illness, you were usually accused of malingering first, subjected to harsh tests and harsher remedies if it was determined that you WERE sick– quarantined by yourself away from the rest until you could function again. A liability, a burden: not someone to be humored and catered to and cared for- He's definitely not used to a handsome man (who he's a little... okay, a lot... sweet on) kissing his forehead to see if he's still burning up with a temperature, and then calling his squad to say "Finn's still not feeling well, I'm gonna take another day off just to be sure--"