From childhood's hour I have not been As others were -- I have not seen As others saw -- I could not bring My passions from a common spring -- From the same source I have not taken My sorrow -- I could not awaken My heart to joy at the same tone -- And all I lov'd -- I lov'd alone -- -Edgar Allan Poe, “Alone” -- Poe wanted to be alone for a while. Normally, he was pretty social, and others liked being around him: he managed to stay cheerful and optimistic, and he knew how to have a good time. Normally. Things weren’t exactly normal right now. He felt helpless at the moment, with nothing to do but wait . Wait for Rey and Chewbacca to return, hopefully with Luke Skywalker in tow. Wait for Finn to wake up. ( He will wake up, Poe—cheerful and optimistic—told himself throughout the hours he spent by Finn’s side.) And if he wasn’t waiting, he was trying to keep everyone else’s spirits up, something that wasn’t easy with Han Solo not only gone, but gone by the hand of his own son. Poe knew it. Everybody knew it now. Ben Solo was Kylo Ren. And that was why Poe wanted to be alone, although the having to wait and the having to be cheerful had a lot to do with it too. It wore a man down after a while, being the one everyone relied on. That, and not having anyone to talk to about it. Everyone liked Poe, and everyone was his friend, but no one was his close friend. . . except for BB-8, but BB-8, prince among droids though he was, wouldn’t be able to understand the complex emotions Poe was wrangling. Poe wasn’t sure he understood them himself. The only people who might have understood were unavailable. He desperately wanted to talk to Finn, but Poe felt guilty even thinking about his own troubles when he looked at his comatose friend. If— when Finn woke up, there was no way Poe would say a single word that might vex him. Poe might have even confided to Rey, were she there; he knew little about her and had barely spoken a handful of words to her in the brief time they’d known each other, but his usually-reliable instinct told him she was something special. There was only one other Poe would have trusted with his feelings. . . on any other subject besides Kylo Ren. But he couldn’t stand to so much as look at General Organa right now because of the pain evident in her eyes and every tired line on her face. She had lost her son, her brother, and her beloved—and had lost two of them because of the other. Poe believed in the Force, he really did. . . but it was hard sometimes, because the universe could be so cruel. He trudged outside of the base, alone. Finally. Poe really wanted to go far away, where no one could find him or interrupt the thoughts he knew he needed to sort out. But of course he couldn’t, because he was Poe Dameron, and he was always going to be there when someone needed him. Poe settled for wandering out to his X-Wing. He ran his hand along its side and thought about getting in, just to sit; then he changed his mind and sat on the ground beside it instead. A wan smile crossed his face as he thought about how silly he probably looked, but silly was kind of welcome right now. Maybe anybody who saw him would smile too. But Poe wasn’t alone for long. He’d only been out there a few minutes, looking with unfocused eyes at his own boots as he hugged his knees to his chest, when a whirring sound reached him. A whirring and a crunching, the sound of a very round droid rolling toward him. Poe’s smile returned, a bit wider and more genuine, as he looked up. “Hey, buddy,” Poe greeted his droid. “I should’ve known you’d find me.” BB-8 tilted his dome-shaped head to one side, chittering. “No, I’m okay. Just. . . wanted to be alone for a while.” The droid’s vision sensors peered at him an instant; then BB-8 gave another whirr that shifted into a lower pitch, and his head slumped forward. He turned his whole body around 180 degrees, slowly, so that he faced away from Poe and back toward the base. Of course, BB-8 could simply have turned his head around if he wanted to return the way he had come, but shifting his body conveyed his emotions much more clearly. Poe chuckled in spite of himself, a bit proud of his droid’s exaggerated reaction because it meant BB-8 was getting better and better at acting human. Poe liked that. “No, wait, buddy, I didn’t mean you ,” he reassured BB-8. “C’mere.” BB-8’s head shot back up to its normal position at the zenith of his round body, and the droid rotated again, back to face Poe. He rolled over to the pilot and bumped up against his side affectionately. Poe draped an arm over the little spherical droid and leaned his head towards him. BB-8 shifted his own head to the side just in time for Poe’s temple to rest against it. It was another gesture the droid had picked up on his own. I don’t care what anyone says, he’s as capable of emotions as any organic is, Poe thought as BB-8 gave a contented trill. And then Poe thought of something else. He still doubted BB-8 could comprehend all the complexities of the human heart. . . but he could empathize; that much was clear. And maybe talking to a non-judgmental and sympathetic ear—er, auditory sensor was just what Poe needed. “Hey, BB-8. Can you help me with something?” BB-8 gave a questioning beep then chirped his acquiescence. “I’m going to tell you some stuff, okay?” Poe murmured. “But you don’t have to say anything, or try to help me. . . or even really understand. Just listen. Do you think you can do that?” There was a long, potent silence. Poe didn’t move his head to look at his droid; there wouldn’t have been any puzzled facial expression to see anyway. He just waited. Then BB-8 beeped. Poe smiled again. “Thanks, buddy. You’re the best, you know that?” When the droid trilled with pleasure, Poe continued to speak, although it was hard to get started putting his feelings into words. “Okay, well. . . it’s—it’s about Ben. I keep thinking about him.” Despite being told he didn’t have to understand, BB-8 was trying. He chittered in a questioning tone. “Um. . . Ben Solo. Kylo Ren.” BB-8 beeped something that meant, basically, “!” “Yeah. I just. . . I don’t understand , BB-8! How it could have happened.” Poe closed his eyes and tightened the arm around his droid’s body. “He had everything . His parents adored him, he had this power and ability, and he was going to have the best training anybody could get. . . . He threw all that away.” Poe took a long breath and let it out again before continuing. “Maybe I can understand that, maybe . But—BB-8, he killed Han Solo. He killed his own father. How. . . .” Poe felt his voice strain, near to breaking, and he stopped again. BB-8 sat very still. Just listening, what his buddy had asked him to do. Poe tried again. “I’m glad I didn’t see it. I’m glad I was with you—and you did such a good job, buddy. But Finn and Rey saw it. Rey told me before she left, and I wish she hadn’t. What he did— how he did it. . . knowing what it would do to General Organa. . . .” Poe sighed again, deeply, drawing air in as far to his lungs as he could, then forcing it all out again. “There’s no one else I can say this to, because Rey’s gone, and Finn’s—Finn’s sleeping right now. And everyone else. . . I have to be the strong one. Everyone expects me to be strong all the time, and to tell them it will all be all right.” BB-8 made a complicated series of chirps. Poe opened one eye and chuckled. “Thanks, buddy. I’m glad you think so. But I’m really not strong, not on the inside. I worry just like everybody else.” He stopped, thinking, then made himself think out loud. That was the whole point of this, wasn’t it? “And it would be okay, if I was just worried about General Organa and Rey and Finn. But—I know it’s not about me. It has nothing to do with me , but. . . .” Poe broke off again. He felt terrible and selfish saying it, even to a droid who adored him. “I keep thinking about how he treated me,” Poe finally muttered. “How he let the Stormtroopers hurt me, and then when I still wouldn’t tell them about you, he. . . he read my mind, BB-8. He was in my mind .” Poe turned his head face-down, so that his forehead and the bridge of his nose were pressed against BB-8’s smooth, glossy side. “I know, I know,” Poe replied in answer to his self-recrimination. “He could have killed me, or hurt me a thousand times worse than he did. But. . . but he knew exactly who I was, and he let them hurt me, and then he hurt me. He didn’t care about me at all.” Poe exhaled sharply, feeling the warmth of his own breath reflecting off of the droid’s surface and onto his face. “But that’s stupid of me—of course he doesn’t care about me. He killed his own father .” BB-8 chittered softly. “You’re a little biased, buddy—not everybody in the entire galaxy is going to like me,” Poe said, surprising himself with a faint chuckle. He sat up and twisted his neck from side to side, cracking the stiffness out of it. He shifted on the ground and turned away so he could lean back against BB-8. The droid allowed this and waited for his partner to continue. “I wonder what he looks like now,” Poe mused, more to himself than to the droid. “I wish he’d taken off the mask. He did for Rey, she said when she was telling me what happened to Han Solo, but she was already almost crying again, so I wasn’t about to ask her, ‘Hey, what did he look like?’” He said this last bit in a goofy, self-parodying voice that made BB-8 chirp with laughter. Poe leaned his head back against BB-8 with a soft clunk. Poe was quiet for a long time after that, and BB-8 stayed quiet too. Then, softly: Whirrrrrrrr? Poe started, and his face flushed. “Hey, wh-who’s been talking to you about that stuff?” Chirp, beep. “R2-D2? Since he came out of low-power mode? How would he know about being in—” Clonk. “ C-3PO? ” Poe snorted with laughter. “Okay, but I’m going to have to have a talk with Artoo when he gets back here. You’re too young for that kind of thing.” He sat up and turned to face BB-8, who spun his head to the side and tilted it to look up at Poe. It was the kind of discussion you had to have face to face. “But to answer your question, because I promised I’d always be honest with you: I. . . I don’t know.” Poe felt a faint heat rising in his cheeks, but he kept his dark eyes focused on BB-8’s vision sensor. “I. . . do you know what a crush is?” BB-8 turned his head from side to side and made a negative, grinding noise. “Well, it’s. . . it’s where you like someone, and you’re, um, physically attracted to them. But you don’t love them.” Poe’s eyes drifted down to gaze, unfocused, at one of the orange rings on the droid’s body. “Even though you care about them, and you. . . you could love them, one day. . . if they’d let you. If they hadn’t betrayed their parents and everything that’s good and you .” BB-8 extended a thin arm from the smooth orb of his body and put the little grasping claw at the end under Poe’s chin; then he tilted the pilot’s head back up so that Poe had to look him in the vision sensor again. The droid beeped. Poe put a slightly shaky hand on BB-8’s side. “That’s not even what hurts me the most. The weird thing is that when you care about somebody, it hurts you to see them hurt. What he’s done to himself, that’s what feels so awful. I would have done anything to help him, back before it was too late. I would have been his friend when he didn’t have any. He didn’t have to be alone. But he chose to go on suffering, instead of letting me—or his parents, or anyone—help him. Just like he chose that Snoke for his training, instead of a Jedi, his own uncle. Why? ” Poe and the droid looked at each other until Poe was sure his lower lip was no longer trembling. Then he leaned forward and rested his forehead against what served as BB-8’s, the curve just before his dome flattened slightly on top. “Organics are weird, buddy,” Poe murmured. “We don’t make sense like you droids do, even the most logical of us. Ben. . . he made some dumb choices. And so did I, I guess, because—because I still care for him. But then, I didn’t really get to choose at all, it just happened . Maybe he feels that way too.” BB-8 whirred gently. Poe sat up again and stretched his arms; then he smiled at his droid. “Thanks, buddy. I do feel a little better.” The droid gave a more cheerful beep and flashed him a thumbs (lighters) up. Poe chuckled and rapped his knuckles affectionately against BB-8’s dome. “Finn taught you that, didn’t he?” Poe got to his feet, wincing a bit at the stiffness in his legs. “C’mon, BB-8. Let’s go back inside and check on him. I’d like to be there when he wakes up.” -- The End Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the BenPoe Canon series Next Work →