The summer air is thick when Finn slides out of the car, his feet landing with a solid ‘thud’ against the sidewalk. He glances around, taking in the quiet neighborhood, the new one that he’s being sent to, but doesn’t have long before the representative from the Orphanage starts striding up to the house. It’s painted a light blue and healthy shrubs line the front with smatterings of red and yellow flowers planted in the ground, giving it all an inviting feel, but Finn knows better now than to trust just the look of a house. He waits a beat for the man to walk further away before he turns to bolt, just like he always does. But Finn turns and stops. A pair of hard green eyes stare him down instead of an empty road. This doesn’t look promising in terms of escaping. A girl, no older than him, stands there with her arms folded and a scowl on her face. “Who’re you?” The girl asks. She tilts her head, messy buns flopping around on top. “Finn,” he answers automatically, unsure of what else to do. Finn squints in confusion and takes a step backward, but the girl only ones a step forward to match him. “Who’re you?” Finn throws back, but his voice squeaks with fear and he coughs to try and cover it up. “Rey,” she spits, studying his face. “And that’s Poe,” she nods. Finn follows the line of sight and flinches again. A boy, perhaps a year or so older, stands there with a grin on his face and a toy spaceship clutched between his hands. “Hi,” he grins. “Are you going to live here now with Rey? Do you wanna play with us?” “No, you’re supposed to--” Rey sighs, stepping back from Finn. “You have to make sure he’s cool first, Poe. You can’t just invite him to play with us like that.” “Why not?” Poe asks. A dark look passes over Rey’s face quickly. “You are staying, right?” she asks, voice softer now. It takes Finn by surprise as her whole posture slumps. “Like, you’re moving in and stuff with Mrs. Organa? And not leaving?” Finn isn’t sure what to say other than, “Yes,” because that was indeed what was planned, whether or not he had hopes of running away from yet another foster home. Rey’s face lights up and Poe looks just as excited. “Cool! You’ll love Mrs. Organa!” Rey exclaims, looking like she’d just found the prize in the cereal box and got to keep it. Finn thinks, with surprisingly no hesitance, that he wants to keep that smile there. Rey runs up towards the house. “C’mon, I’ll show you around!” Poe steps up next to Finn. “Here,” he says, holding out his hand. In it sits a small rock, light grey and jagged with a faint green shimmer to it. It sparkles in the sun. “It’s for you.” “It’s… a rock?” Finn points out. “Yeah!” Poe says, his face excited. “It’s a really cool rock, and I thought you’d like it,” he barrels forward. Finn looks back down at the rock and picks it up, turning it over in his hand. It looks like any other rock he’s seen on the side of the road, but the thing is, nobody’s ever given him anything. He’s had two foster families in the past already, each one supplying him with a bed, a room, and some clothes, but those weren’t his. Those were necessary, those were things that they had to give him. Poe, however, did not have to give Finn A Really Cool Rock. He beams at it, grinning up at Poe with his wild curls and soft eyes. “Awesome!” Is all Finn says, pocketing the rock. “Now we should catch up to Rey before she gets upset,” Poe laughs, tugging Finn along by the wrist. Finn, more than happy to follow, goes right along. Any thoughts of running away have been dispersed, replaced instead with an excitement he can’t remember ever feeling. Later, once he’s settled into bed and exhausted from a long day of introductions and questions and being led around the neighborhood, Finn remembers the rock in his pocket and takes it out. He falls asleep with it in his hand, smiling. --- F inn settles in fairly well within a few days, adjusting to the rules Mrs. Organa has laid down for the two of them. No tracking mud in the house, no wandering further than the Dameron’s house (which is only two houses down), and bed by eight o’clock. The rules are mercifully more lax than from when Finn was at the orphanage, and he almost doesn’t know what to do with all the freedom. Rey, however, is always pushing at the boundaries of those rules, and Poe certainly doesn’t help dissuade her. Despite this, the trio takes to one another instantly, and June quickly slips into July, and Finn’s rock collection has grown. Now and then, when Rey’s off with Jessika or helping Mrs. Organa with something, Poe has taken to slipping a new rock to Finn, presenting it proudly like a rare treasure. Finn loves hanging out with both Poe and Rey, but by July he’s learned to get excited whenever it’s just Poe and him, even for a moment, because he knows he’ll be given a new cool rock to stick on his shelf. (Later, Finn will look back at his younger self and laugh, both amazed and amused at how clear things seem nearly twenty years from then.) For now though, his rock collection grows along with his friendship with Poe. Rey, of course, notices this. “Why do you have so many rocks?” she asks one night, sitting on Finn’s bed with him, comic books scattered everywhere. “Poe gave ‘em to me,” Finn answers, waving a toy spaceship around and making ‘whooshing’ noises as he dips it towards Rey. She giggles and swats it away. “Stop that,” she huffs, but her smile gives it all away. “But Poe gave you them? All of these?” Rey asks, unwilling to let the topic drop. Finn sits up, straightening himself. “Yeah,” he nods, unsure of what else to say. Rey gives him a thoughtful look before smiling wide. “That’s cool,” is all she says. Finn knows there’s more there, but, honestly, he really doesn’t care at the moment. One of his best friends is sitting there beside him, and he’d personally care to talk about something more interesting. “Yeah,” Finn nods again. He lifts up the toy spacespace. “So I thought of a cool new adventure we could play tomorrow,” he grins. He launches into a detailed description of Rey being a spacepilot and Finn as her trusty weapons guy, ready to shoot down all the bad guys and save the world, and Poe needs to be rescued by both of them. (They fall asleep side by side on top of the covers, the mess having been pushed to the floor, and Mrs. Organa has to dig deep inside herself to wake them up and get them to brush their teeth. She lets them crawl back into Finn’s bed however, sleepy faces tucked side by side.) --- Poe, Finn realizes, likes to tug him around by the wrist. He’s not sure what it means other than the fact that Rey doesn’t like it when either of them try to hold her wrist or hand. (Finn knows because he tried once, just to pull her along to show her something, and Rey had told him quite plainly to stop. Finn didn’t mind.) But with Poe, he’s always reaching for Finn’s wrist, and it’s only when Finn starts to move before Poe grabs him that he realizes. Their arms bump at the mismatched motions, and Finn scrambles to fix it while Poe ends up grabbing his hand instead by accident. “C’mon,” Poe says, not looking down at where he gingerly clasps Finn’s hand. “Rey’s gonna be mad if we’re late again,” he laughs, tugging a small Finn along and down the street to his house where Rey has already raced off to. Finn squeezes back, smiling for a reason he can’t place. --- The rocks become a bit of a problem, Finn supposes. His shelf isn’t exactly the most spacious surface, and mid-way through August, Finn realizes he’s run out of room for more rocks. Rey, standing next to him, agrees. Her arms are crossed as she tries to think up a new way to keep them, tongue poking out between her lips in thought. Without warning, she bolts out of the room and then comes racing back with a plastic pencil box. “Here,” she says, snapping it open, “you can stuff some of them in here.” Finn can only acquiesce, and begins scooping them into the pencil box. “Thanks, Rey,” he says, dropping a handful into it. " No problem,” she replies, jiggling the box to make room for more. “You know...” she starts, and Finn knows that tone. It’s a tone that, primarily, is one of concern for Finn. Rey may be less rowdy than Poe, but she’s easily just as mischievous, and it’s precisely that tone that precedes many of Finn’s more embarrassing moments. “What if Poe’s giving you these rocks for a reason?” she asks. Finn stills. “What do you mean?” “Well, what if he has a crush on you?” Finn drops the handful of rocks he’s holding on to the floor, eyes wide. “What?” “You know, what if he like-likes you?” Finn opens his mouth, but then snaps it shut. He isn’t entirely sure what to say, so he bends down to pick up the fallen rocks, shaking his head for really no reason other than to look busy, hopefully to end the conversation. Rey, of course, presses on. “Do you like him?” Finn drops the rocks all over again. “I don’t know, Rey,” he sighs, standing up. “Maybe? I’ve never thought about that.” He stands there for a moment, letting the thought percolate. It isn’t wholly unpleasant he realizes. Poe was nice. He’s cool, likes the same stuff as Finn, always makes Finn laugh. “Do you really think he likes me?” Rey grins. “We can find out.” --- R ey, it seems, is not one for subtlety. To be fair, neither is Finn. Or Poe, for that matter. In fact, the three of them put together are commonly quite obvious in their machinations, leading to Mrs. Organa putting a halt to whatever half-formed idea they’ve hatched. Which was perhaps why one afternoon, after a lunch of sandwiches and juice boxes, Rey stands up suddenly and walks away, leaving a confused Poe and Finn behind her. “Rey? Where’re you going?” Finn scrambles to ask, sitting up. She turns around with comically-wide eyes, looking between him and Poe, her lips pressed into a thin line of concentration, as if speaking would give it all away. Finn just wishes he knew what it was she was trying not to give away. She squints harder at him, trying to convey something, but it’s entirely lost on Finn. “The rocks!” Rey finally says, throwing her arms up in the air. Finn’s face drops. “ Now? ” He asks, everything clicking. He looks between her and Poe, his expression frantic. Poe, however, sits there with a polite smile on his face. “Yes!” Rey exclaims, rolling her eyes. She all but dashes away towards the house after that, effectively leaving Finn and Poe alone on the lawn. A beat passes. “Is Rey alright?” Poe asks. Confusion mars his brow and Finn can’t help but mirror that expression. “Yeah, she’ll be right back.” “Oh, okay,” Poe says, nodding. He fiddles with the spaceship in his hands. “What did she mean about the rocks? Are they the ones I give you? Do you guys think they’re stupid?” The questions come unbidden and Finn panics, putting a hand on Poe’s shoulder to stop him. “No! We both like them, really! I love them!” Poe slumps a bit in relief at Finn’s words, muddled as they may be. A pause. “We just wondered why you kept giving me rocks,” Finn quickly adds, avoiding Poe’s eyes by choosing to pluck handfuls of grass from the lawn. He feels more than sees Poe’s utter relief. “Oh!” Poe says in such a bright voice, Finn can’t help but look up. “Because I like you!” He says it like it’s the easiest thing in the world, and it catches in Finn’s chest and resonates. It’s a pang of something pleasant , like a tuning fork; subtle in its presence but undoubtedly there, filling his chest with warm noise. Finn really can only sit there while Poe reaches into his pocket, fishing out another rock. When he plops it into Finn’s palm and leaves his hand there, Finn thinks his face might break from smiling so hard. (Rey, staring out the window, has a manic grin on her face, and wastes no time at all rushing back out there the minute she sees them sitting side by side smiling. Maybe finally Poe will stop giving Finn so many rocks. She’s running out of pencil boxes to give to Finn for them.)