Chapter 1 "Those whom we most love are often the most alien to us." ―Christopher Paolini The heavy-handed grip of this place was menacing, its energy stifling (there could be little doubt about that), and yet, it felt peculiar to her senses, like a luring, enticing pull on the untapped trappings of her mind. She knew it to be dangerous, but its call piqued her curiosity, not for what the Darkness softly offered in her ear—she had never held much ambition for power—but for the person residing over this base who so strongly carried it on his shoulders, and shouldn't any longer. She suspected what her mother might say. Yet there was no need at this moment, so her commentary stayed silent. Her light acted as their protector, rays of indigo and violet fluttering across the edges of the girl's mind, softening the violent reds that poked and prodded ever so gently, wishing to engage the young Padawan in their midst...should she choose to grant them an audience. Amidala blinked to re-centre herself, plucking long, black curls out of her eyes. Breathe , she cautioned; or was that her mother speaking to her again? Inhale through the nose, exhale through the mouth. Yes... Breathe. Calm waves on the shore; the smell of fresh grass; Mum's favourite spiced cakes; Dad's restrained, sometimes sad laughter... 'Do not be afraid, Ami.' Mere minutes ago, she had twitched and tried to swallow her fears at those words. 'I'm not as strong as Mum...or you,' she confided to him, her voice quivering despite her best efforts to show no fright. 'You are just as strong and more capable than you have yet to realise.' His shoulders suddenly straightened. She, too, sensed the distress. The hunt was gaining, and there was little time. She couldn't read his face, but, even with that seemingly impenetrable contraption that veiled his face and altered his voice in place, the care with which he addressed her was clear; as clear as if they were conversing back home, in a sheltered oasis where no such Darkness could touch her. 'Follow your mother's lead. Look after your siblings. Stay out of sight. 'It will be all right.' That addendum had been an afterthought, meant to alleviate her nerves or his, Amidala wasn't certain; but, again, there was no time to ponder. He turned around and stalked to the blast doors, which opened with a understated wave of his hand, and her mother, who stood just out of range of the doors, leapt forward to grasp the man's wrist. Her clutch was so tight that his feet actually gave way and staggered side to side, though the temporary lapse in balance was subtle and went unrecognised by the others. Amidala was older, however; more intuitive and her senses far keener than her brother's and sister's. The darkly cloaked figure and her mother locked eyes on one another, an unspoken communication passing between them that Amidala could sense but not penetrate. 'You'll come?' her mother whispered; there was a twinge of apprehension in that question Amidala didn't like hearing. He hesitated or paused. Either way, it put Amidala and her siblings on edge, including their mother. 'As soon as I am able,' was his vague response, which didn't alleviate their nerves. It seemed sufficient enough to satisfy her mother. For now, anyway. She gave a curt nod but dithered another moment about letting him go. Then her hand reluctantly recoiled its grip, the Light—her energy—filling the space but most especially his own. It gracefully furled and curled about him, swatting at streaks of red, whisking them further and further from the room, though not eliminating their presence fully. The masked individual stepped outside the blast doors and was greeted by a pair of Stormtroopers who had been tasked with scanning the lower confines of the base, searching, chasing, their prey nearly in sight. Amidala and her siblings lurched backward, all praying they hadn't just doomed themselves, but the Force was already working to their advantage, Amidala the only one of the three aware of its attendance. The Darkness tugged at the fringes, however, toying, wanting to alter their predicament and bend it to a far more horrifying conclusion. 'They're not here,' the masked man spoke through that voice manipulator Amidala disliked; his back was turned to the inside of the room. 'Report to General Hux your findings.' 'They're not here,' one of the Stormtroopers repeated, his voice monotone, automated. 'We shall report to General Hux that the area is clear.' The two Stormtroopers turned on their heels and marched off, followed closely by their commander. The blast doors closed, and he was gone. Half tempted to call after him, Amidala reeled in her flighty emotions at once, no doubt with her mother's steady, quiet aid. Such an act would have been utterly foolish at this time, not to mention secure their recapture. 'Come!' her mother commanded of the children, beckoning them to her with a frantic wave. They all rushed to her side, each looking to their self-assured mother for guidance on what to do next. The youngest let out a fretful whimper before going silent of her own accord. Having her mother take her by the hand seemed to reassure the little girl—at least, for the time being. 'This hanger is empty,' their mother deduced after a short lapse of silence in which her mind wandered, channeling the energy to spot anything sinister. She then looked to Amidala. 'You sense it?' 'Yes,' Amidala agreed. The Padawan's heart was pounding like a caged bird wanting to break free of this god-awful place. It was too onerous for her keen senses, the Darkness that lurked in every corner tempting and encroaching upon her thoughts, playing on her fears. 'Stay close,' her mother hissed to them and, still grasping the littlest's hand, led the way through the blast doors, swerving to the right whilst keeping her back to the wall. The children mimicked her swift, precise movements, with Amidala bringing up the rear. She kept one hand on the lightsaber attached to her belt, allowing her instincts to guide her direction and determine whether it should be used. A half hour later, Amidala found herself and her brother parted from their mother and sister, though somewhat unwillingly. The plan was simple enough—well, in 'theory' anyway: surprise any Stormtroopers and personnel stationed at the entrance to the base where their ship resided. It had been taken into the enemy's custody upon the family's arrival two days before and, according to 'Kylo Ren', it hadn't been moved. Now, they had successfully found their way back to the runway, where Amidala and her brother were to await their mother's instructions from across the room before putting their surprise attack into motion. Only once she gave the signal would they fight back, making a (hopefully fortunate, painless) escape. So far, her mother and sister were nowhere to be found, but Amidala reminded herself that she and her brother had only just arrived to their hiding spot a minute ago. That hadn't deterred the Padawan's racing thoughts from drawing the worst possible conclusions, however. It's the Darkness. Leave it alone. What if her mother's and Astrid's efforts had somehow been intercepted? No... You'd have felt it. What if they had been injured or were trapped and unable to get to the entrance? No... You'd have sensed that disturbance, too. 'Trust your feelings.' That's what her mother and father kept reiterating to her over and over again, anyway. Amidala tried to collect herself, taking several calculated, deep breaths. The Darkness felt quite like suffocation here, impinging upon her every effort to clear her head and find her centre. Dad... At least when he had been close by, the atmosphere wasn't so unbearable; of course, that hadn't meant it was comfortable or a pleasant experience either. That sour note pained Amidala to think on, so she pushed it as from her as she could. Besides, she tried to thoughtfully consider, they would never have made it this far without him. In fact, they owed any chance at an escape entirely to him. They would still be locked in their holding cells, waiting on pins and needles to uncover what was to become of them, and not knowing if the rest of the family was safe, being interrogated, or, worse, dead, had he not intervened. Amidala drew out a long, hopeful sigh. With any luck, they just might pull this off. Crouched behind a series of supports and wires, Amidala brushed a hand through her hair, now messy and in disarray after being aggressively manhandled. She made a thorough scan of the entrance. Four Stormtroopers stood just feet away, casually conversing with one another and entirely unaware of their presence. Three more stood at the opposite end, from whence their mother and sister were to appear at any moment. Other officials of the Proclamation—pilots, fighters, and the like—hustled and went about their business. Still not having glimpsed eye or hair of the others, Amidala looked to her brother, who was turning over a blaster rifle in his hands. It had been stolen off of an unfortunate Stormtrooper the family encountered shortly before splitting up. "You remember how to use that thing?" she questioned him, surveying the boy with a wary expression that should have deterred his confidence...but didn't. He turned his shaggy head of dark brown tresses towards her, and a rather cocky smirk emerged at the corners of his mouth. It was the kind that regularly set her teeth on edge, and he knew it. "Yeah. Safety's off this time." Amidala rolled her eyes. Her brother was far too reckless— And a damned idiot! Always has been! —especially when it came to perilous instances like this when one wrong move could put an end to more than just their aim of safely returning home. No wonder he hadn't developed any awareness in the Force. With any luck, he never will! Amidala shifted her emotions, reverting back to that serene centre she had been struggling to find ever since they had arrived at this wretched base. Thankfully, her mother's and sister's silhouettes materialised across the room, and Amidala quickly chucked her own meditation to the back of her mind. " Han ," she snapped and yanked hard on his ear; the boy cursed and scowled at his older sister, " get ready !" Their mother inched forward, though not far enough to be discovered, and made a gesture with her left hand that indicated to move. Amidala stepped out of hiding first, with her brother close on her heel. Her mother's lightsaber vibrated to life, blazing a bright blue that began tearing through the space, and Amidala's followed suit. Suddenly, the room ignited with the sound of firearms and jets of light flying in every direction. Shouts for backup were barely registered above the commotion. Some ran for cover whilst others stood their ground and fought. Amidala wielded her lightsaber according to the Light of the Force, bending and trusting in its direction. Visions of turquoise and azure passed before her eyes, guiding her instincts. 'Trust your feelings' replayed like a beacon as she spun her lightsaber at one target and then the next. Two shots aimed at her and Han combusted when met by her trusty lightsaber, barrelling back at their shooters and striking one in the chest and the other in the face. Both were instantly knocked down, dead. Han pelted another shot at a Stormtrooper with his blaster rifle, knocking the female cadet in the shoulder but not enough to cause a fatality. The Stormtrooper cried out in pain but took another shot at the boy, missing him by inches. "NO!" Amidala cried. Another blast that would have surely struck its mark charged after Han but was redirected by an invisible hold that Amidala knew to be coming from her mother. The blast ricocheted sideways and tore through a glass overhang where officials were attempting to intercept the attack now in play. Amidala searched for her mother, catching her mid flight as her lightsaber sliced through a Stormtrooper's armour, killing him on impact. She spotted her sister next, making a dash up the ramp to their ship. She charged forward to block a firearm that would have otherwise knocked Astrid out cold, and her sister successfully disappeared from view. Han followed closely behind, leaving Amidala and her mother to reach the ramp last. Having overpowered the Stormtroopers, more were unfortunately entering the runway and blasting at the Jedi and Jedi-in-training, hell-bent on putting a stop to their getaway. Although Amidala had been able to occlude her opponents so far and send any shots spiralling back at the enemy, if they didn't get out of here soon, they would most certainly be overrun. And all of Dad's efforts will have been for naught. They'll surely find out he helped us. " GO !" her mother bellowed over her shoulder, as if drawing the same conclusion. She wrenched her daughter backward by the hood of her cloak. Amidala delayed her retreat, wanting to ensure that her mother intended to follow. Only once she spun around did Amidala do likewise, and, together, they bolted up the ramp and onto the ship. Astrid, pinned against the nearest wall, clapped the button that locked the doors, securing everyone inside. Their mother wasted no time and sprinted for the pilots' chair at the front of the spacecraft. " GET THIS THING IN THE AIR, HAN !" she exclaimed, and the ship grumbled and thudded to life beneath their feet. Amidala left her mother and brother to pilot them safely out of this mess. Instead, she hurried over to Astrid, who had remained huddled against the wall, trembling with adrenaline and fear. A severe cut on her bottom lip had drawn blood. She was far too young for any of this, and Amidala tried to slowly extract a rifle the girl was clasping too firmly to her chest. She prayed her six-year old sister hadn't been forced to use it, but both her shrewd senses and the little one's haunting expression indicated otherwise. "It's all right," Amidala whispered, speaking in a level, calm tone she hoped might help. "Don't worry, Astrid. Everything's going to be all right now, I promise." "But...wha - what about Daddy?" she asked, blinking and breathing rapidly. "Is - Isn't he coming with us?" Amidala gulped down her reservations before answering, keeping her voice as even as possible, "No...but he'll be along, I'm sure. He promised he would." The ship abruptly jerked, sending the girls off balance. The sounds of blasts pounding against the spacecraft prompted them to hastily make their way towards the cockpit and strap themselves securely into seats. This thing always was a piece of junk , Amidala grumbled to herself as she helped buckle her sister in first. Her thought was apparently loud enough for her mother to overhear, for she whipped her head around so fast that Amidala thought it might spin straight off her shoulders. "This 'piece of junk' is the only thing saving our hides right now, Amidala! I suggest you say a little prayer instead!" Why does everyone always get so defensive over this thing? "Say what?" Han probed, even as Stormtroopers continued to fire at the front of the ship. Hastily surmising his sister's inner dialogue, he shot daggers at her from the co-pilot's chair. "Grandfather would turn over in his grave if he heard you say that!" "Oh, buzz off!" Amidala groused under her breath and crossed her arms. "Grandmother will have your arse, for sure!" " That's enough ," their mother warned, and the promise in that threat was enough to silence both siblings. For the moment, anyhow. Amidala's last thought before the Millennium Falcon catapulted into Lightspeed was a quiet, sobering one that she could feel her mother sharing, for the father and husband who was sorely missing from their crew. It consisted of one desperate plea: Hurry home. Please... Chapter 2 Notes: A/N : Okay, so it's extremely rare for me to pull together another chapter in such a short span of time (and it's nearly 5k!), so I should warn ya'll: this will NOT be the norm. I'm going to strive for at least one chapter a week, so any reading material beyond that is considered a bonus! More Important Notes You Should Read Before, Erm, Reading : This story will move around a lot. As previously mentioned in my first A/N, there will be lots of flashback material as well. Events will pull together eventually, I promise, but don't expect everything to be presented in sequential order. Thank you so, so much to the three of you who reviewed the first chapter of my new story! I do hope more of you will consider leaving me...something? Otherwise, I feel like I'm just screaming into the void here and no one's really listening... If you want more of this story, and want me to turn out more chapters like this one, please review! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 2 "The most confused you will ever get is when you try to convince your heart and spirit of something your mind knows is a lie." ―Shannon L. Alder "Ben, please , what is it?" His stare had been weighty and troubling all evening. He had also been stubbornly occluding her from his thoughts, too. Now that she and he were alone, tucked up in bed with their arms wrapped securely around one another, Rey sensed that she wasn't going to deride much pleasure from whatever Ben was about to divulge. "He reached me today..." His deep voice barely rose above a whisper, sounding oddly fragile and even a touch fearful. Rey's soft eyes widened in alarm. At once, she bolted upright in bed, sending a portion of the sheets flying away from their warmly entwined, naked limbs. " What ?" she gasped and clutched him by the arm. "Are you certain? When? But how ?" "I..." he began but was able to explain no further. "That's impossible!" Rey openly turned over past events in her mind, flickers of intense images from years ago that Ben, too, received passing flashes of. "We - We watched him die! I saw it!" Ben's mouth tightened, contorting into a grim line. The words were on the tip of his tongue, and yet, he seemed reluctant to share them. Rey's shoulders fell, eyes narrowing in challenge. She had a hunch as to what was coming. "What?" she pressed him through gritted teeth; she had already tried prying at his mind but his thoughts were still purposely shutting her out. "Well...if you remember, Rey, you were knocked unconscious..." "You don't believe me! Still ! After everything—" " Of course I believe you ," he spoke over her, though in a quieter, even register. He covered her dainty hand with his much larger one, offering a reassuring squeeze in the dark. "I just..." His eyes levelled and bore deeply into his wife's, willingly transferring the faint, eerie message he had received earlier that day whilst at Proclamation's Star base. When the ghostly pictures faded to black, Rey looked worse for the wear, pale and near sick with dread. "It wasn't a dream; it wasn't a hallucination. He spoke to me, Rey. I can feel it. He... He's alive." Rey discerned the light in Ben's energy as it swaddled around her like a thermal blanket, alleviating rays of ocean blues and soft lavenders washing over her, meant to encompass and will away some of the panic that was so swiftly overpowering her senses, like a tide that flows back out to sea. Neither of them could afford to lose their heads, not now. "All right," Rey breathed in and out several times; her grip on Ben's arm remained tight, "we - we'll deal with this. I don't know how, but we'll figure something out. We - We'll need to devise a new strategy for how to handle..." She didn't want to vocalise the demented creature's name—that would make it all too real—and only forced herself to with some of Ben's lingering, encouraging energy, "Snoke." 'Snoke.' The name was bone-chilling, entirely evil; it's very mention dripped with Darkness, even in this most cherished, protected space of love and light, tainting the night and the air around them with the most wicked and vile energy of which nightmares were made. These days, if ever mentioned, it was supposed to sound dead on the tongue, not something that lived and breathed and still crawled amongst them, like a virus unable to be eradicated. Ben and Rey stared at each other for an extended period of time without speaking after that, listening to one another's nervous intakes of breath, trying to instil some much needed clarity to a disturbing situation neither of them was at all prepared to confront. Eventually, Rey was the first to break the silence. Her fingers had loosened their hold on Ben's arm and, instead, had begun grazing over the raised goosebumps that had settled upon his flesh. It wasn't on account of the cold either, for the spring air was pleasantly comfortable on this night, but for the dreadful news that had been so unfairly dropped in their laps. "Do you know where he is?" "No..." It was the truth. Rey nodded. "Do... Do you suppose you'll be able to find out?" "Perhaps... He doesn't trust me; it would take an extraordinary act on my part for that to ever happen again." "But... He must know you're with the Proclamation, though?" "I'm sure he does." Rey gulped down the uneasy lodging at the back of her throat. It didn't ease any of her discomfort, however. "Do General Hux and others know he' s alive?" "I haven't figured that out yet, but I intend to do so soon enough." Rey's thoughts immediately turned to their friends with the Resistance, and she perceived Ben's mind weaving in that fond direction as well. "We'll have to inform your mother first thing in the morning..." Ben's lips cracked a small, strained smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Already have." * * * * * * One and a Half Years Before the Solo Family's Escape From Proclamation's Star Base Rey stepped outside of the hut to soak in the fresh morning air, in need of a few precious moments of respite from the ugly commotion that was playing out indoors. Ben might have chastised her for not handling the situation more efficiently— Well, he's not here, damn it! —but to hell with whatever personal complaints he might have regarding her parental duties later on. The chaos was giving her a maddening headache, and the sun had only been in the sky for less than a half hour! At present, her eldest daughter, Amidala, was grappling with her son, Han—the pair of them arguing obnoxiously loud over some damned thing or other that, frankly, was too early in the day for Rey to give any proper consideration to—whilst their littlest, Astrid, shrieked at the top of her lungs every so often, mostly just to make her small presence known to the others. Not that she didn't already receive ample observation from her parents and big brother, but the insecurity in her was already pining for more of her siblings' time, even at such a tender, young age. She liked getting in the middle of their often heated debates, if only to garner their awareness for a couple moments. Rey supposed it must be typical of that age range, the third child wishing to establish where she belonged amongst the family dynamics. She had expected that more from Han, though, the middle child, not from her littlest. Amidala screamed at Astrid to "Shut it," which made Rey cringe. She loathed how her eldest tended to go about ignoring Astrid. The moody ten-year old might dramatically carry on about how she had 'too much to do' all the time, what with her intense Padawan studies, but that didn't lessen the ache in Rey's heart at seeing how badly Astrid yearned for so much as a fraction of her older sister's attention. Rey would have easily given up her scrap of a home back on Jakku had she been so fortunate as to be given the gift of a sister. Life would have been a lot less lonely for the first two decades of her life had she had someone like Amidala or Astrid—or even a brother like Han—by her side. They have no idea how fortunate they are. One day they'll realise it; or so help me... Rey withdrew a long, drawn out sigh and turned to the serene, pink skies above. There was hardly a cloud to be seen, and all was quiet and still on this early morn, the occasional rumbling of a passing spacecraft not withstanding. Rey craned her neck as one suddenly soared overhead, its wings gliding towards the reformed city that lay to the East, roughly ten miles from here. A neutral ship, Rey determined, though not with the Resistance, probably on its way to meet with Maz Kanata or some raider of less reputable standing. It didn't matter to her. She, Ben, their entire brood, even her mother-in-law, were indebted to that wise pirate's charitable, good graces. And her reliable secrecy. Takodana may not have boasted of the most principled lot of travellers—or even permanent residents—but Maz openly denied any and all Proclamation sympathisers. It made her trustworthy, though there were other factors to her credit as well. Rey appreciated the planet's natural, sacred, feral beauty, which was unlike any she had encountered in her travels. And she had visited and resided on many planets since leaving Jakku so many years ago. Her family could have taken up residence virtually anywhere in the galaxy, but since their arrival on Takodana two years prior, their latest dwelling felt oddly more homey and fitting than the last. Hers and Ben's roles in the Resistance meant relocating every few years was the norm, not that they enjoyed having to force their children to pick up and start over. Amidala and Han had successfully adapted to their latest habitat, but, for Astrid, it was the only home she was able to put to memory—yet. Maz had offered Takodana as a safe-haven for the Solos when the time had been paramount, and, though Ben was reluctant, Rey was more than agreeable. Now, it was the closest to a proper home she could have ever hoped for her family. Their hut was well off the beaten path, isolated from the town centre and set back amongst a stunning array of one thousand-year old trees. If anyone was searching in these parts, they would have to make quite an extensive hike to uncover the Solo family's whereabouts. A perfect refuge. A (near) perfect spot to hide from the Proclamation. It was a vision the former scavenger-turned Jedi Master would never grow numb to: vast, dense greenland as far as they eye could see, the smell of salt water, the soothing ripple of running streams... " OUCH !" came Han's affronted cry from inside the house, disrupting Rey's mediation. "You did that on purpose!" "Serves you right!" Amidala snarled back. A chair screeched against the floor like the sound of irritable nails on metal. Rey unconsciously chewed the inside of her cheek. "What the— And that, too! MUM !" " Amidala ," Rey exclaimed from where she stood, like a stump defiantly rooted to the earth; she refused to lose her nerve but wouldn't hesitate to raise her voice, " you quit using your powers on your brother this instant ." "HE STARTED IT! NERF HERDER!" "AT LEAST CHEWIE LIKES ME! HE CAN'T STAND YOU!" " Shut it, both of you, or you'll spend the rest of the day in your rooms ." Angry stomping and a few choice words were exchanged before the rowing finally receded, making all abnormally quiet for a change. Too quiet . Rey's senses warned her that this small glimmer of peace and tranquility wouldn't last but a moment. She rubbed a hand down her tired face, letting forth a long-suffering groan. Sometimes it was completely mind-boggling to realise that these three beings, dependent upon her and her husband to thrive and survive in this ever-increasingly unbalanced Universe, were not only a part of her everyday life but living, breathing extensions of herself and Ben. Not that Rey had any deep-rooted quibbles about motherhood. She merely wished her children, whom she loved as fiercely as she had loved anyone, could have been conceived and grown up at a time of great peace and prosperity in the galaxy. Alas, that couldn't have been farther from reality. Would their children ever truly know real peace; a world without the constant threat of a dictatorship or a vile Empire intent on leaving the entire galaxy in Darkness and despair? I hope so... I pray so... "Mummy?" came the sweet, innocent sound of Astrid's tiny voice. Rey turned around and removed the sour look she had been donning. It was trying to stay in a bad—or even pensive—mood when Astrid was fluttering about, filtering hers and Ben's days with credulous questions about the world and unguarded remarks that sometimes left her parents bereft of words. A three and a half-year old, curious youngster with plenty of spunk and personality to rival her siblings, Astrid stared up at Rey imploringly. Her smile was polite and hopeful, her hazel eyes wide and as wondrous as ever. Today, her wavy black curls remained knotted into frizzy rolls perched on top of her head, more akin to loose, disjointed ponytails rather than what were intended to be two smooth, perfectly-shaped buns. Nicely done, Ben , Rey humoured herself over the monstrosity he had left her to deal with. When the man was home, Astrid preferred that her father fix her hair, though he was useless with such a task, never ceasing to come up with some wacky alternative that required Rey's fixing. Astrid hadn't allowed her mother to alter this latest hairdo, however, and had kept it intact for nearly two days running. "Yes, little star?" Rey replied, bending down to be closer to the child. "We see Grandma today?" Rey's warm smile fell. "I'm afraid not, Astrid. Grandma's busy, Mummy has to take Ami to train with Uncle Luke, and Han's going with your father to D'Qar." Astrid's crestfallen eyes lit up. "Then I go, too, Mummy?" "It's too dangerous, Astrid—" "But Han's going!" She stomped one of her miniature boots into the ground to emphasise what she considered to be a grave injustice. "My little star, you can accompany Daddy to any Resistance-friendly planet in the galaxy when you're older ." Still dissatisfied, Astrid pushed out her bottom lip. "It's not fair," she whined softly. "I never get to go anywhere..." "You will soon enough, Astrid, I promise. But you can come with me to visit Uncle Luke for a bit?" "We always see Uncle Luke." Astrid did not wait on a response from her mother this time but, instead, sulked back into the house, dragging her feet and with her head hung low. She disappeared into the kitchen, mumbling her displeasure of today's uneventful plans under her breath. Well, that's partially true , Rey agreed with a muffled chuckle. She and her children had seen a great deal more of Master Luke lately, since he had become temporarily stationed at Takodana for over a month. The severely reclusive Jedi had yet to reveal to anyone his reasoning for spending so much time on Takodana of late, including Rey and Ben. His appearance certainly hadn't turned out to be of more regular use to his great niece, Amidala, and her Padawan training, though, much to their aggravations. As for his secrecy, as far as Rey was concerned, there were no secrets to be had amongst those in the Resistance, of which Master Luke, she, and Ben were all equal members. Her Master's covertness was tiresome. It had been Rey, after all, who convinced the hermit of a man to return to his sister, and the Resistance, years before. Yet, since the fall of the First Order, and the rise of the Proclamation, Master Luke had become more withdrawn than ever. His time spent on Takodana had shown little difference in those characteristics, unfortunately. The elderly Jedi had agreed to train their daughter, Amidala, from the time she first began showing indications of a connection to the Force at around age five, but his instructions were too often infrequent and unreliable. His training lessons with Rey had been much the same: scant and exasperatingly vague to the point of absurd sometimes (well, to her they were). Rey had hoped he would prove a more effective instructor with her daughter than he ultimately had been with her, but he had yet to fully illustrate that capability, and even spending so much time on the same planet as his great niece hadn't forced Master Luke to act any more dependable. 'I fear it's because of me,' Ben would sometimes carp to Rey, though only in private when Amidala wasn't around to overhear. 'He doesn't trust me, so, naturally, he keeps his distance from Ami, too. He shuts her out because of me. It's completely unfair to her.' 'I don't think it's a conscientious thing, Ben,' Rey would thoughtfully counter him, making a point to gently press his hand. 'You know how he is... How he's long been. It pains Luke to get too close to anyone anymore.' Ben's returning expression was stoic and somber, unflinching in his feelings. 'I, too, have a great deal of responsibility in that, Rey. You know why...' Rey shook her head to rid herself of that recurrent conversation. There was no reason to let her feelings get the better of her so early in the day. She would mediate and reflect on them later, perhaps when Astrid was otherwise happily preoccupied. Uncle Luke had made a promise to teach Amidala today, and Rey intended to hold him to that promise. Or so help me... Rey tensed, though only for a moment. She hadn't heard his ship arrive, though it had landed a good mile or two away. If the Proclamation was to ever raise their suspicions about their 'faithful' commander and decide to follow him, whether it be to Takodana or somewhere else, there was 'no way in hell' (according to Ben) that his ship would be discovered anywhere near the family's residence. Rey was perfectly satisfied with their arrangement. " Daddy !" Rey heard their youngest squeak, unmistakable joy in her address as she skipped a few steps to greet him. There was a tender, affectionate exchange that struck up between the two in the kitchen, a short conversation Rey could overhear with her sensitive ears, even at the back of the house. "I see you've still kept your buns in place, little star." Astrid giggled. "Mummy wanted to take them out." "Good girl. Don't let her." Rey snorted but refrained from rolling her eyes outright. There was the familiar sound of leather boots trudging through the house, out the backdoor, and straight for her, but she didn't so much as turn her head. The footsteps stopped directly behind her, and, even without their mutual link to the Force charging and playfully tugging at one another's energy, or the man's heavy-handed footwork, Rey would have guessed it was her husband for a number of wonderful reasons, all of which made her privately grin: his tall silhouette suddenly engulfing her in shadow; the clove waft of his aftershave that penetrated the back of her neck; the feel of those well-acquainted, enormous hands, which wielded the power to break someone's neck with remarkable ease, brushing along her skin with such delicacy and warmth that it too often left her inarticulate during said ministrations. "You're back," she murmured, the smile easily spreading to her rose-tinted cheeks. "Only for a little, I'm afraid." Rey refused to allow such anticipated news to dampen his arrival. She spun around, not losing her balance, and landed comfortably within his sturdy embrace. Those stark, black robes, that hair-razing mask, all of it had been discarded, abandoned to the ship he had arrived on, as was routinely the case. Here, he wasn't permitted (nor would he ever wish) to be the debauched, twisted other half who had so ruthlessly claimed his soul decades ago, Kylo Ren. Here, he was simply Ben, a Solo clad in plain, unremarkable brown robes, a notable scar that ran the length of his long, angular face, though his wife and children didn't so much as register it anymore, and (mostly) open, kindhearted features to those he encountered, though the eyes... The eyes, they say, were terribly dark and haunting, plagued by what must have been a tumultuous past, perhaps even a conflicted present. Ben wove Rey into a possessively snug hug, trailing his fingers across the smallness of her back and pulling her tightly to him. His lips pressed against hers, sensuous and explorative, their greeting an expression of all-consuming need. "Hello," she hummed in return and kissed him again. An ambience of tranquil sea greens and serene corals spurred their connection deeper, its energy powerful but nonintrusive. Not in this space. Yes , Rey deduced without any real need to do so, her mouth smiling appreciatively against Ben's, he had indeed left the Darkness behind him. It loomed everywhere, of course, always lurking in the shadows, no matter which mask he wore or where he went each day, following and tempting its one-time eagerest of students like an owner dangling a bone in front of its most starved, depraved pet's nose; but, for now, and in this place, it was nearly wiped from his side, as if resigned to patiently await his return to the ship that had brought him home. Its sinister presence lay as far removed from the Solo family as possible, something he consciously stove at every moment to keep at bay. Here, in this quaint hut on the outskirts of Takodana, Ben Solo could be his imperfect, tainted, yet, ultimately enlightened—and lighter—self. He was Rey's, and he was benevolent and openhanded, conflicted, yes, and often times melancholy, but, at his heart, good. "Hello," he returned once their lip-locking ceased. His returning smile was soft, though not as far-reaching or as strong as hers. "Is he ready?" "I believe so," said Rey as she hesitantly unfurled her arms from around his neck. "You'd best be off soon or you're likely to have a stowaway on your hands..." Ben arched a questioning eyebrow, followed the sudden amused expression Rey was projecting towards something that lay beyond his sights, and cautiously turned around. Their youngest stood leaning against the doorway, still pouting and appearing thoroughly put out by everything. "You can come another time, little star," he pledged to her with a certain childlike enthusiasm that Rey found endearing. He only received an overdone sigh and a woeful cry for that promise, though. "Erm, we'll just be leaving then." Ben gave an awkward grunt, pecked his wife's cheek, and returned to the house in haste, summoning their son with a few urgent calls of his name, whilst Rey looked on, still smiling. * * * * * * "Shields are up?" "Yep!" "Compressors shut?" "Check!" Han stood up straighter in the co-pilot's chair, hungrily awaiting further instructions that might put his young piloting skills to the test. He enjoyed the thrill of these assessments, mostly for the proud looks they garnered from his father whenever he victoriously accomplished one of his more difficult assignments. Ben gave his avid co-pilot a thoughtful smile and nodded towards all the deep space that lay beyond their small starfighter. They had been in the air only minutes, but this wasn't a feat his seven-year old son wasn't accustomed to undertaking. Not only did Han live for flying, but he had proved himself time and again unusually cool under pressure, particularly for a child. He had been testing his flying skills ever since he was first able to sit on Ben's lap and successfully reach the various piloting gadgets. It was important to keep expanding Han's knowledge of various spacecrafts and routes, though, so, per usual, Ben relinquished control the moment their ship took off. "I'm entrusting you to navigate," he told Han, who didn't so much as flinch at this obligation. Ben could sense the exhilarated energy his son was putting out into the space around them, and, in turn, those feelings brought him tremendous joy. After all, it was the 'little things', he reminded himself, like spending quality time with his son, which made up for...well, all the rest. "By my calculations, it shouldn't take us—" "More than ten minutes to reach D'Qar," Han finished for him, catching the gratified expression that crossed his father's gaze. He settled his small hands at the controls, ready to take the reigns with Ben's permission. Ben granted his consent with another silent bow of his head and fell back in his seat, stretching his long legs as far as they might go in such cramped quarters. The pilot's chair of this ridiculous contraption didn't suit his towering frame. A kink was forming in his lower back as a result, and Ben grunted and wished it away. It wasn't a good time for mediation either, though his entire being was practically screaming for its practice. The pounding pressure on his skull was agonising; it was slowly receding with time but only just. Shutting himself off from the Dark Side once he returned to his family was never an easygoing or straightforward chore. It was an endlessly painstaking process, one that regularly wore his mind and body down. He could use a short break right about now, and Han taking over flying duties afforded that window of respite he so desperately craved. He trusted Han to get them safely to D'Qar—the boy had flown this course once or twice before—and yet, still, as was always the way of things in Ben's too perilous-driven life, he couldn't afford to let his guard down. That's when all hell will break loose...or worse... So he settled for intense focus; or as much forced concentration as his weary mind might enable him. With little effort, Ben closed his eyes, placing an emphasis on his breathing for a time, listening to the unfailing will of the Force—of the Light; always that precious Light that, at times, seemed to allude him, just out of range. The reverberation of the engine flying them steadfast and true towards their destination relieved much of the tension that had been pressing on his chest and shoulders. He could reach that Light. Those heavenly sky blues and sea greens were well within his grasp, tauntingly close, yet flapping above or behind him, inches away and never directly in front... " Son of a —" Ben's eyes shot open, the shock of his body rattling about knocking him forward, though a mere moment or two passed before his sharp senses came 'round. He sat up in the pilot's chair immediately and looked around. Somehow, despite all of his meticulous efforts, he had dosed off mid-flight. He squinted in protest to the sunlight that poured into the front of the ship, moaning at its harsh luminosity. "Erm, sorry, Dad," Han mumbled to his right, prompting Ben to turn his head; his neck was stiff from having fallen asleep at a rather poor angle. His son had a sheepish, apologetic look about him as he proceeded to hurriedly explain, "I tried to land the stupid thing without waking you, but the wind picked up at the last minute and then I didn't see that brush there until it was too late. I - I think I took out a tree..." As long as it wasn't a human, I'm satisfied , Ben thought to himself, smartly keeping that remark under wraps. "It's all right, son," he insisted with a reassuring pat to the boy's shoulder. Han was already dashing down the ramp to inspect the damage before Ben could properly stifle a yawn behind his hand and unstrap his seatbelt. He instantly felt the faintest pull of the Force as he made to stand up. The feeling was minimal but effective, protective and welcoming. Mother . From inside the Resistance's headquarters, standing within a rotunda-shaped room where she was busily examining the details to a far-off solar system, General Organa lifted her head in composed, quiet acknowledgement. "Ben." Notes: A/N #2 : Please, please review! Type away, my little stars. :) Also, le Tumblr is here if you wanna come keep me company until next time... Chapter 3 Notes: A/N : Erm, well, here's your 'bonus' (another almost-5k chappie!) I was talking about in my last A/N...! (I don't know where the heck all the sudden outpour of writing is coming from, and I can't guarantee it will last, but thanks be to the Star Wars fandom, more particularly the glorious ship that is Reylo, for lighting a much-needed fire under my Muse's butt!). Remember : this story will jump around a lot. Hence, the need for times and locations now, italics for flashbacks, etc. If you have questions on this, feel free to ask, but no Jedi mind tricks! ;) And, just a thought, it might be worth refreshing yourself with a reread of the last chapter before moving onto the next. Also, I just wanted to give a shout out to my reviewers: anon , angiedc , ashotofjac , Hellstenglow , anon , morri , Vacilando , and Carowen for your wonderful feedback! Your reviews were so encouraging and got this chapter up even faster! :) So, if you're following along and enjoying this story, please let me know! I'd love to hear from you; or even a Kudo will do. No, really! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 3 “Toil without song is like a weary journey without an end.” ―H.P. Lovecraft Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) From the control centre on Proclamation's Star base, Kylo Ren watched with suppressed trepidation as the Millennium Falcon disappeared into deep space, carrying his heart aboard with it. Well, perhaps not this heart—blackened and soiled by so many wrongdoings, swallowed by Darkness and spit back out again—but the better half of that blemished heart, invisible to all in this part of the galaxy, travelled with them. He hoped Rey and Amidala could sense it, faint as its beat may be. There was room for a speckle of hope. Family had brought that to him. She had given him back that belief. From what he could secretly pick up from the Force, his wife and children were on board and accounted for. That was of little relief, however, for three tie fighters had been deployed from base and were in route. The leading pilot's voice buzzed over the intercom, reporting that they were about to make the jump to Lightspeed and follow the Millennium Falcon's trail. That meant only one thing to Kylo: Rey and the children weren't in the clear yet. His hands balled into fists and his breathing grew more and more erratic as each second ticked by, audible only to those who happened to be within earshot. Any nearby crew, who easily misinterpreted the warrior's tense body language to mean an explosion was brewing, tried to shuffle out of harm's way. No one desired to be the unfortunate bastard when Kylo Ren finally unleashed his vicious temper. " I want them alive !" Kylo vaguely heard General Hux growl to a seated control operator. Issuing several angry huffs, the scruffy, overweight, redheaded commander paced at the front of the highest level of the control centre, passing behind Kylo's immobile silhouette that stared determinedly out the window. He ground his teeth as they awaited further news from their tie fighters, with his chubby hands clasped behind his back and sweat breaking out on his forehead. A damn fool . Kylo ignored him. The general's emotional antics and desperate strategies to catch Kylo's family hadn't changed much since the fall of the First Order—a humiliating, crushing blow to the power-hungry leader of their political and military organisation—they had merely made him more determined, though increasingly reckless and less competent, than his younger years had afforded. He was a loose cannon nowadays, flighty, easily rattled and irritable, not to mention in relatively poor health. Years of constant stress and working around-the-clock for a Supreme Leader whose thirst was never fully satisfied would do that to you. Kylo understood that all too well. It was a miracle that Snoke hadn't done away with Hux yet, as far as Kylo was concerned. Then again, he had a hunch that Snoke and Hux might be in on some beneficial arrangement that he wasn't privy to. It was the only rational motive for keeping the general around, despite all his failures in the past to lead their militia to victory against the Resistance; or to deliver Rey and their children to Snoke. That was Kylo Ren's persistent, most terribly grave misstep to date as well, an unfortunate shortcoming his Master showed no leniency in making him pay for over and over again. He had yet to deliver the one Jedi his Master desired above all others, or her 'bothersome offspring', who, too, had captured his ghoulish, bottomless curiosity; but they also terrified him, and Kylo sensed that fear. The one person who posed the greatest threat to their plan to rule the galaxy had conceived not one child but three, and Snoke recognised, through his own deeply-rooted, Force-sensitive connections, that the eldest, Amidala, was gifted in the ways of the Force as well, much to Kylo's horror. So far, Kylo and Rey had been dealt a fortunate hand. Snoke hadn't made any connection to his long-standing Apprentice and 'the girl', as Rey was only referred to. To the Supreme Leader, she wasn't worthy of a name nor were her children. The fact that Kylo was still alive, however, having not turned over his family in what had been a years-long, relentless pursuit, was remarkable, most especially to himself. He could only surmise that his exceptional Force-sensitive skills, as well as the unshakable loyalty he had proven to his Master, the First Order and, subsequently, the Proclamation time and time again, were what was keeping him from having his food poisoned or being murdered in his sleep. So long as Kylo Ren was useful, he wasn't expendable. So long as he continued to show his trustworthiness would he not be left out in the cold—well, not entirely. So long as he continued to pursue 'the girl' and the 'offspring', he had a chance at staying alive. And he would tread that perilous, threadbare line to the end, so long as it meant keeping the Supreme Leader from what he so desperately wanted, and what Kylo Ren—Ben Solo—cherished above all else in this world. If Snoke wanted to take his family from him, he would have to pry every one of them from his Apprentice's cold, dead hands. "We're losing them!" came the lead pilot's sudden transmission over the intercom. General Hux sputtered several colourful words and grabbed the nearest operator by the cuff of his dress shirt, yanking him out of his seat. "BLAST THEM, YOU IDIOT!" Kylo turned his head, watching, waiting. This was a treat. At least he might derive personal enjoyment from what had been two extremely horrendous days of witnessing his family suffer under the enemy's torments by witnessing one of Hux's more embarrassing breakdowns. "But - But, Sir," the operator stuttered, "if we - we strike too hard, we risk killing the captives—" "I know that, you insignificant fool! Give the order! Tell them they are not to return here without the fugitives— intact !" Hux threw the scrawny operator back into his chair. The poor lad fumbled to strap his headset and microphone back on top of his head, shaking all the while, and stammered Hux's command into the mic. A few seconds later, a more frantic report reached them from the leading pilot's cockpit. "Sir, we can't get to them without taking out three of their four—" Hux leaned down, ripped the mic from the operator's ear, and screamed into it, "FIND A WAY, YOU IMBECILES; OR CONSIDER YOURSELVES EXPENDABLE!" From behind his mask, Kylo Ren allowed the thinnest, gleeful smirk to slide across his mouth. This day hadn't turned into total fodder after all. Rey and the children were safe, skidding further and further outside of the Dark Side's clutches, and Hux looked like he was about to be sick, cry, or faint. Perhaps, if Kylo Ren was lucky, the general might succumb to all three. My luck is never that fortunate. 'I require you,' a raspy voice suddenly summoned from afar, its familiarity one that regularly invoked dread, uncertainty and terror, even amongst its most faithful of servants. Kylo straightened and answered, 'Yes, my Lord.' He left Hux to stew over their lost fugitives and headed for his ship. No. My luck is never so fortunate. * * * * * * One and a Half Years Earlier (D'Qar, Resistance Headquarters) "Mother." Ben inclined forward to embrace her with warmth, wondering if he would ever grow accustomed to the much fiercer hug he received in return. She may have been a petite woman whose height stopped at his chest, but her hold on him was surprisingly strong for someone so small. When he reared back, she was beaming up at him, ethereal brown eyes welling up with tears. She was nearly always brought to tears these days when she saw him. How, for a time, had he forgotten how beautiful she was? That caring, natural affection that so earnestly stared up at him—a mother's unbreakable love that he was certain he would never glimpse again upon his return to the Light, and how could he have blamed her had she denied him?—still caused him unspeakable pain, and he did his best to ignore the pangs her nurturing energy was enforcing on his heart. How vicious a struggle it surely must have been for his mother to smile again; to laugh; to find a scrap of a reason to carry on in this life? He had never had the heart to ask her about her struggles. It was probably for the best; the subject matter was too damaging to unearth, like throwing salt on an old, festering wound. Looking into her eyes, though, Ben was reminded of all the joy he was responsible of robbing her of over the long years he had been away. The guilt crippled him—enormously—and would have very well consumed his soul years ago were it not for Rey. Rey . She had taught him how to cope; how to move past the overpowering anguish that came with regret, shame, and loss. Yet learning to forgive himself was a daily struggle, and his mother one of a handful of sore remembrances for past reprehensible mistakes. Ben reeled in his guilt-laden thoughts, not wishing to grant them attention, particularly in his mother's presence. She would only sense the gross misery that accompanied him, and he had no desire to ruin this visit with any of his own personal woes. "I was beginning to worry," she said, speaking low in the hopes that her grandson wouldn't overhear. She needn't have worried, though. Han was happily occupying himself with the 3D solar system map General Leia Organa and her military personnel had been inspecting, a system Ben was well acquainted with but his son was not. He and the general watched as Han hammered her staff with question after question, running from spot to spot on the map and itching to know more. "I'm sorry," Ben apologised and bowed his head, regaining the general's attention. A few dark hairs swept over his equally dark eyes. "I was...delayed," was all he gave by way of an explanation. Her smile faltered. She seemed to understand the truth behind his tardiness and didn't pry for more details, as if the awareness would only bring her physical harm to know. "I stopped at home first to see Rey. And Han's been wanting to fly together again for some time so..." At that, Leia's smile rebounded. "I'm glad you brought him. I know how important it is to you and Rey that he feels involved in our efforts." Ben allowed his lips to crack the slightest smile. "He and Astrid hear enough talk of the Force at home. They deserve certain attentions of their own." "Of course," Leia readily concurred and stole another loving glance at her handsome grandson. "How is Ami? Astrid?" "They're well." "And Rey?" she pressed, to which Ben considered how to answer for a short pause. "Frustrated." "Aren't we all?" Leia let forth a ponderous sigh, the gravity of that reply steering their conversation towards a far more serious topic that both had been dancing around since Ben's arrival. Her voice lowered again. "I assume he sent for you?" Ben's nod was quick and self-effacing. "Yes." "Did he tell you anything? Anything useful?" "No, I'm afraid not. He spoke mostly of...Rey and Ami." The reminder of his and the Supreme Leader's last conversation left a sour taste in Ben's mouth that he made to will away. "Nothing of his plans?" His mother's eyes bore into his with more desperation than before. "Nothing of where he's harbouring this new weapon of his?" "No, and I can't afford to prod it out of him. He senses everything; it's too risky." "Then perhaps you shouldn't..." Ben raised his chin, suspecting where Leia was headed with that unfinished thought. The caution that marred the graceful, aged lines on her face, too, gave every reservation away she had been trying to withhold from him. Ben's temperament rose, simmering towards anger and resentment, though he tried to squash the ugly feelings. He knew how to channel them into positive energy—towards light, patience, and understanding—but denying the bad chemistry only made him feel worse. He reminded himself that he was far too exhausted right now for a row with his mother. "No," he managed through a clenched jaw, "I can't." "Ben—" "He's only now beginning to let me in again. It won't be long before I'll have something; something compromising that the Resistance can use against him. You have to give me more time." " Time ," Leia lamented, issuing another one of her sad, begrudging sighs that unnerved him. "Time is working against us, Ben. Even now, the enemy expands across the galaxy, regaining its strength and buying it's time for war. Time, Ben, is something we don't have ..." Ben started to retort but the words that slipped out weren't what he intended nor what Leia expected to hear. "You don't think I can deliver on my promise." There was a pause, an uncomfortable bout of silence that followed. Of course she doesn't , he determined with ease. How had he been such a clod as to think his mother would actually trust him to do something right for once? Ben's emotions flared again, flashes of seething red and outrage passing behind his eyelids. He tried to diffuse their power and provocation, but they wouldn't go willingly. To make matters worse, Leia hadn't jumped to speak to the contrary. The forthright emotions playing out on her face confirmed the unpleasant words he hadn't meant to utter aloud: 'You don't think I can deliver on my promise.' "Ben," she started, consciously choosing her words carefully, "Snoke's monstrous hold on you last time was...detrimental. You spent years recouping and coming back from that Darkness. I... I never wanted you to take this on in the first place, and neither did Rey, but you insisted." "Just say it," he interrupted, his tone now oozing with repressed acrimony. Leia hesitated, and her eyes turned watery once more, their expression beseeching the son whom she loved to hear her reasoning. "I do believe in you, Ben—I've always believed the good in you, you know that—but... I just don't think you should do this anymore." At receiving her son's stone-cold glare of a reaction, Leia moved closer to touch his arm; he flinched. "It's taking too long, Ben. How much longer can we afford to wait?" She added an emphatic, "It's not your fault." Those words were meaningless to him, though. He whisked his arm forcefully from her grasp and shot her a heated, wounded stare, though Leia didn't back down. She stepped into his personal space, sensing the volatile emotions whirling about him, wanting to play; thirsting to get the better of the son she had once thought lost to their debilitating influence. "We all knew it would take a miracle for Snoke to fully trust you again, including you. You've done everything you possibly could, Ben. No one's blaming you. We're so grateful—" "Are you dismissing me?" he snarled, shooting the general—his mother—an affronted glare that made her cringe. "No, my son, I just think you should consider pulling back from the leash that demon has on you." "So you are dismissing me—" " Before it's too late !" She chanced a glance at Han, hoping the boy hadn't just overheard her; he was still otherwise engaged in discussions with her military personnel, however. "You forget, Mother ," said Ben, his tone containing a certain level of bitterness now that recaptured Leia's attention, "it is too late. I cannot go back." Leia opened her mouth to respond but the words had gone, evaporating like smoke on the tip of her tongue. The air felt stifling and frigid all of a sudden. The finality of Ben's remark chilled her to the quick, sucking the oxygen from her lungs. She didn't want to believe it—that her precious Ben, who had struggled so hard to come back to her, had only one choice before him: a precarious, potentially fatal path that she and others had allowed him to set in motion—and yet, there was no denying the grim, resigned determination he carried nor the quiet, insistent will of the Force that wistfully whispered in her ear. The message it spoke wasn't comforting: her son's role was set. Whether the Resistance received anything useful from Kylo Ren's assiduous efforts to regain Snoke's confidence, his efforts would continue, with or without her support. "Go home, Ben," she pleaded, trying to control the sudden quivering of her bottom lip. She patted his arm and held onto him tightly, despite his attempts to move away from her a second time. "Please... Go home and rest. Rey and I can take care of things from here. Luke, too." " Luke ?!" Ben shocked her by throwing back his head and laughing, though it really wasn't laughter at all but something akin to a choking, loathsome contempt. He hardly noticed the various pairs of eyes that had settled on him and Leia, curiosity luring them towards the argument that was unfolding between General Organa and her most trusted Dark spy. "You actually expect him to provide the Resistance with what it needs to defeat Snoke?" "Ben—" "Don't hold your breath, Mother. Luke's become as secretive and suspicious as our enemies." Leia reared back. "That's harsh, Ben. He's your uncle." "And the brother who abandoned you when you needed him most!" he threw back at her, the fury building from within having reached his intense, murky eyes. "Rey had to beg him to come back to you. Beg ! And, even then, he didn't want to fight! He still doesn't want to fight; the old man believes in nothing !" Leia wanted to contend her son's coarse words about Luke, particularly with the unwanted audience they now had listening in, who were depending on her and her family to offer them hope, not discouragement; but the altercation between her and Ben had turned personal. She laid a hand on Ben's cheek to soundlessly plead with him to calm down, to really look at her. He struggled to still under her touch, but, within moments, the disconcerting ire swarming in those tortured eyes finally faded. The trembles subsided, too. Only once she was certain Ben was gazing upon her as himself again did she speak, and this time in an urgent whisper, "This is not a war between you and your uncle, do you hear? The moment we turn on each other, we lose. Enough of this, Ben. I spoke out of turn before; I shouldn't have asked you to stop what you're doing. The mother in me worries about you and just wants you to be safe, all right? Don't hate me for it." Ben was brought up short by those words. "I... I don't," he assured her without hesitation. A relieved Leia leaned in to embrace him whilst the last of his anger receded. "I... I'm sorry, too," he added once he had completely mollified his emotions. He caught a glimpse of Han out of the corner of his eye, who was staring on at his father and grandmother with confusion and concern, and briskly drew out of Leia's arms. "We should go." Leia was unable to mask her disappointment but understood it to be the best course. She didn't like the way her son was looking these days—haggard and paler than usual—and it was obvious that their short but vehement disagreement was taking its toll on him. She scanned him over with care, and her hand found purchase again against Ben's right cheek. Worn, slightly cool fingers stroked the ridges of the scar that jutted diagonally across the skin; she hardly saw that scar anymore. She started to reiterate her plea from earlier, but Ben, in anticipation of the words, took Leia's hand in his and offered a soft, "I will." Somewhat reassured, Leia allowed Ben to kiss the top of her head and call to son. Han skipped over to Leia, threw his arms around her, and sped off to keep pace with his father's much larger strides. Her consolation floundered once her son and grandson were out of sight. There could be no rest for Kylo Ren. Hopefully, with any luck, there might be respite in Ben Solo's future. * * * * * * "You're not concentrating." "I'm trying ," Rey griped out of one corner of her mouth, barely moving her lips. She kept her eyes closed, listening to the Force around her, and detected her Master sighing not far off. She had no idea why, though. If she was mucking up, he wasn't providing her any guidance or direction; instead, as per what had become his usual manner of communication (or lack thereof), he was leaving the girl to flounder of her own accord and guesswork. In fact, all her Master seemed to ever do since Rey had arrived on this god-awful, remote planet one month ago was offer the occasional criticism regarding her stance, where her mind wandered, or how she wielded a lightsaber. Anything else, including anything about her personally, and the old man was decidedly mute; or, she supposed, he didn't care and had lost any level of decorum when it came to interacting with other human beings. Without a doubt, though, Luke Skywalker was an oddity. Rey thought he would at least 'look' the part of a legend whose remarkable story had been passed down from generation to generation, across the farthest reaches of the galaxy. This unshaven, ruffled, somewhat maddening individual didn't at all resemble the great Jedi warrior who had brought down the whole of the Galactic Empire. Han Solo may not have been a Jedi or brought down Darth Vader with the stroke of a ligthtsaber, but he had carried himself like the fabled hero Rey heard mentioned from time to time, like a whisper on the wind—that roguish outlaw turned soldier, aged by salt and pepper hair, whose deeply-etched life lines confirmed the extraordinary rumours that turned out to be very much his real story. Luke Skywalker, on the other hand... Well, he was just another enigma to be figured out, but thinking on her Master only served to aggravate her, and reflecting on Han Solo fuelled her heart to gall and anguish, seeping into her veins like a poison. Rey tried to push all feeling away. Evidently, she wasn't trying hard enough, for the two-ton stones she had been stacking on top of each other toppled to the ground, meeting gravity with a great thud, and so did she. "Damn it!" she spat and opened her eyes. Much to her dismay, Master Luke was leaning against other stacked stones that were acting as a convenient wall from whence to observe. He appeared to be put out by her blunder; or, perhaps, he was simply bored. Rey didn't care. He was suddenly the last person in the world she wanted to be around, so she spun on her heel and stalked off towards the ocean. "Attachment leads to suffering," he called after her, halting the Padawan learner in her tracks. Maybe it was the emotionless tone with which he so frankly spoke of someone she had very quickly come to regard like a father, or maybe she had just grown tired of how irritatingly vague and unhelpful he was, but, whichever side she settled for, Rey snapped. She whipped her head around and stared the Jedi down, unapologetic in the rage and tears that now knocked her senses far off kilter. "He was supposedly your friend, and your brother-in-law, and that 's your response?" It was the first indirect reference to Han Solo the two were having since Rey first came to the island. She had an inkling that Master Luke already knew Han was gone when she had arrived; there was no need to declare it, unless he asked for confirmation. Yet there was no further request for elaboration on his part. Rey thought he might, at the very least, wish to know how his sister was coping with the loss of her husband, but Master Luke hadn't so much as asked after her either. Even now, Master Luke's face was unresponsive, aloof. He merely repeated his message to her again, "Attachment leads to suffering. You must learn to detach your emotions from others, from what is the natural way of things." "'The natural way of things'?" Rey could hardly believe her ears. She blinked back tears that abruptly stung her eyes; or was it Master Luke's lack of empathy towards someone who should have meant something to both of them that was causing her blood to boil? "He's DEAD!" she choked out, hands sweeping to her sides, as if that would help stress the point. "He died by his son's own hand, murdered in cold blood by Kylo Ren's lightsaber! Is that the 'natural way of things', I wonder?" Master Luke didn't respond, only stared at her for a while, eyes introspective but evasive. Unsurprisingly, his thoughts blocked hers. He ended his bit of meditation and turned his back, he and his walking stick making their way down a deep hillside and out of sight. Rey threw up her hands in resignation and dropped to the ground, landing in a mess of sobs and tears. She wanted to scream, throw something, perhaps hurl one of those two-ton stones at Master Luke's head and watch him roll the rest of the way down the other side of the island and into the sea. 'Steady, Rey,' her conscience warned. It wasn't like her to have violent thoughts. She hadn't even let her emotions spiral this out of control since... Well, since fighting Kylo Ren in that snow-covered forest at Starkiller base. 'Kylo Ren.' Rey furiously wiped at her wet cheeks. She had been trying not to think of him; he didn't deserve a space or a home in her head. She hated him. Hatred wasn't supposed to be attached to any part of a Jedi's character, but Rey couldn't help it. If there was one person in all the galaxy who had earned her malice, and plenty of others' as well, it was Kylo Ren. 'Or Ben Solo...' The name made her shudder. And nauseous. Han Solo's and Leia Organa's own son! How had two such good-hearted people given birth to such a monster? How had she stared into the cold-hearted, lifeless eyes of their child and not been able to spot so much as a glimmer of their grace? 'Simple. They can't be related.' Of course, that wasn't the truth, but she felt better denying it on principle. Ben Solo may have been Han's and Leia's son at one time, but, it was like the wretched fiend himself had told his father on that bridge right before he ran his lightsaber through the poor man's chest: that son was 'gone', replaced by Kylo Ren. There could be no Solo left in such a soulless heathen. No way. "You're a monster," Rey reiterated aloud to the darkness, just as she had to Kylo Ren at Starkiller base the day she fought him, and won. "You. Are. A. Monster." Rey's sight fluttered into focus. An overly excited Astrid was tugging at her hand, demanding that she stand up. "Mummy! Mummy!" she apparently was shouting, and had been for several seconds. "They're back, Mummy! They're back!" Rey traced her daughter's adamant pointing to the back of the hut, where two familiar faces were entering the premises: Master Luke and Amidala. She smiled encouragingly to her youngest, and Astrid rushed out the back door to greet them. Rey held back from joining them, however. Her smile fell as she turned away from the doorway, not wishing to gaze upon her Master just yet; the one who, for good or ill, was and would remain irrevocably linked to her and Ben. An apprehensive frown emerged, and it wouldn't be so easily removed. It was in private moments such as these when Rey found herself sometimes regretting having asked Master Luke to train their daughter. Those painful, distant memories—and often times accompanying unpleasant emotions—the Jedi's presence could evoke visibly shook her, as was the present case. Having become paralysed in the middle of her kitchen, Rey gathered her wits—seeking that relaxed, quiet centre she knew well—and shook the last of the memory from her mind. The grisly hatred she had felt back then towards the man she now loved with every part of her being wasn't welcomed here. Ben . It had been Ben, after all, who had helped her to tackle those viler emotions that sometimes plagued her mind, despite the ever-present abundance of Light that followed and embraced her wherever she went. It was a long time ago , she told herself as she walked towards Master Luke and Amidala, and he was so different then. You both were. Times have changed. Notes: A/N #2 : ...Or have they? *waggles eyebrows* *cackles ruthlessly* Anyway, feedback is welcomed! And the Dark Side aka my Tumblr is here if you care to come join me in hell. Chapter 4 Notes: A/N : I confess, I do feel a lot of that numbing, 'screaming into the void' sensation here now, but anyway... Onward, I suppose... Many, many kudos to the few of you who commented last time; I value your feedback and you have my love! *HUGS* (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 4 "I would enter your sleep if I could, and guard you there, and slay the thing that hounds you, as I would if it had the courage to face me in fair daylight. But I cannot come in unless you dream of me." ― Peter S. Beagle "Concentrate, Ami. Feel its will. Don't think so hard." "Mum, stop ," her daughter droned and brought her dark eyebrows together in frustration; she was unconsciously drawing the negatives of the Force closer to her rather than away, "you're distracting me!" Rey smirked as the ten-year old gave one of her more dramatic huffs and squeezed her eyes shut, shimming back and forth on her bottom to sit up straighter and refocus. The intense, albeit exasperated, look on her scrunched face echoed of the girl's father to the point of uncanniness. It gave her mother pause, who couldn't help but to regard her outright for a long, measured moment. Amidala was much like Ben; it was too easy to connect the dots, really, both in physicality and in personality. She was lanky and considerably tall for her age, with wavy black hair and near onyx-tinted eyes that were set off by a predominantly long nose and full lips. Her features might be considered more 'sharp' than delicate, alluring but in a 'handsome' way rather than overtly feminine. Rey considered some of that aesthetic her contribution to Amidala's makeup as well, if only to herself. Rey had never deemed herself very feminine anyhow; or what she considered to be generally 'feminine'. She was physically and mentally strong, fit as any healthy man, and more than capable of looking after herself (she had done so sufficiently for nearly twenty years before discovering the Force), and Amidala was leaning towards those physical and mental traits as well. She was remarkably self-sufficient, even for a ten-year old, and a bit of a loner who derived enjoyment from figuring things out on her own. Ben and Rey had been astonished by her skills with a lightsaber the first time she used one around age seven. For a fresh Padawan learner just finding her footing, she was 'advanced', according to her father. Even Master Luke had to contend with his nephew, validating that Ben hadn't been able to wield some of the moves Amidala was completing in practice till he had been older than she. As parents, the Solos prided themselves on their daughter's astonishing accomplishments...and privately worried for her, too; but, for all her flourishing and growth, Amidala was still a child, and, with that, came its own set of challenges. Their eldest would soon be entering her teens, but she already had plenty of Ben's moodiness to keep them company. Her emotions flared and fluctuated often, tirelessly wavering between happiness and tears, grievances and unmitigated anger. Today, she was in one of her stable-er frames of mind, but, as Rey knew all too well, anything could tip the scales. She smartly shut her mouth to allow Amidala to concentrate. The Padawan soon stilled on the floor in front of her, her eyelids rotating and her lashes fluttering every so often as her mind engaged with the surrounding energy. Rey remained in a cross-legged position opposite her, collected and centred but acting as a passive observer. She, too, detected the darker aspects of the Force at work, though with her eyes opening, as they plucked playfully at Amidala's mind, trying to appeal to the girl's sensitivity. It wasn't necessarily sinister—the Dark Side only ever fully illustrated its awe when a Sith or warrior already inclined to its disposition was near a Jedi; or able to penetrate a far weaker minded individual at greater distance—but, so far, Amidala had proven herself sufficient in combating its influence, though she had only ever gotten a taste of its flavour. That didn't mean the protective streak in Rey didn't crave to swat it from the room whenever it chose to appear. It was usually at its worst when Ben first came home after an intense period away at Proclamation's Star base, playing to the Darkness' commands and acting the faithful role of Kylo Ren to Supremer Leader Snoke. Some of that Darkness could loiter, drifting in and out of their home despite Ben's utmost efforts to keep its reach at a considerable distance. Its presence normally dwindle over the hours, but sometimes it proved itself more persistent and feisty than at others. Today, Rey understood that she had to allow Amidala to make the call. It was a part of her Jedi training, after all; an ongoing test in becoming a capable Knight of the Light. Sometimes her daughter invited the Darkness in a little, if only to assuage her innocent curiosity, and sometimes she denied it the moment it turned up. This morning was a tossup, apparently. Amidala's intrigue over its presence wavered, dithering forwards and back, hesitation mixed with daringness wrestling towards a decision that might satisfy. Rey waited with somewhat baited breath. Amidala flinched, feeling the faintest prickling on the back of her head that shouldn't be there. "It's...insistent," she confided to her mother, a hint of uncertainty coming through in her voice. She bore her teeth and commanded it to return to the centre, towards the beacon of Light that spun contentedly between the two females, where, naturally, it had no desire to dwell. It panicked and fought back, pushing against the young Padawan's will. "Be strong," Rey urged her, sensing its fight. "You know what it wants. Deny it." "I'm...trying..." Amidala's breathing accelerated. "Mum...something's wrong..." Rey's confidence waned as she observed the struggle forming on Amidala's face. The girl was applying her entire body now to cast out the negative energy, which had grown considerably in mere seconds. Her arms were held up in front of her, shaking, and perspiration was breaking out on her forehead. Her eyes were still closed, but they rotated faster than before. The air had grown thick and uncomfortable, forcing Rey's adrenaline to kick in. Her uneasiness with how rapidly matters were spiralling out of control weren't ill founded, though. No... The hairs on the back of her neck suddenly rose to attention as she found herself whispering into the void for her husband, "Ben..." Rey gradually turned her head and her reservations were confirmed by his presence. Ben was standing in the doorway, for how long she knew not but he had evidently been observing their training session. Distress was written into the harsh lines on his face, and, with the confirmation he tried to communicate to Rey non-verbally, the energy abruptly turned on an axis, whirling out of order. The Darkness expanded, hissing like a defensive, coiling snake about to go on the attack, and then it reached for Amidala with far more boldness and aggression than before. Amidala jumped back and shot her eyes open, just as Rey, who reacted on instinct, thwarted it like a parent might slap a misbehaving child's hand. It turned on the girl, goaded by Rey's unwanted interference, and made a rush for Rey and Ben instead, deciding to toy with its much more experienced provocateurs. Rey's defences were up, so it took minimal effort to keep the Darkness from gaining any strength and penetrating her space. It tired of her shields rather quickly and moved onto Ben, keenly aware of the one person in the room who would be most inclined to bend to its power. Amidala startled. Her body felt incapable of moving, as if each limb had become one with the floor. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion, and yet, her delicate soul could sense the Darkness' thirst immediately: it knew her father, assessing him like an old friend, and intended to retrieve something from him; something that would affect them all. Ben stumbled sideways and latched onto the wall, in need of something for purchase in order to keep his balance. His eyes pinched shut as a series of petrifying images began crossing his sight, intent upon showing him visions—indescribable horrors—that made him want to crawl out of his skin: Rey slipping away in the darkness, fighting helplessly against the shadows that closed in on her and suctioned the Light—and life—out of her poor, turned-frail body, until he could no longer hear her screams; Astrid crying out to him as the Darkness electro-shocked her tiny, defenceless form, until she was limp and no longer moving; Han gasping for breath as he tried to outrun a fiery red lightsaber that struck him hard in the back, knocking him to the ground where he no longer drew air; Amidala bowing before an imposing creature who appeared more wraith-like than living and declaring her undying loyalty to his service... " BEN !" Ben jerked and his eyes rolled back into focus. Why was his voice hoarse; had he been howling or had that been all in his head? The room was rotating far too fast, the horribly vivid, gut-wrenching images of his family being tortured and killed still fresh in his mind. I think I'm going to be sick , was the last thought Ben had before he staggered forward, knocking straight into Rey's arms, and sunk heavily to the floor. The next moment Ben came to, Rey had his face cradled between her palms and was lightly smacking his cheeks to stir him awake. Somehow, he had managed to land on his knees but passed out, for how long was uncertain. Rey's Light was with him, though, bathing him in its warmth and serenity, swaddling his damaged, blackened soul like one of Astrid's nap-time security blankets. Ben could senses that the Darkness had gone, but a hefty, strained silence had descended upon the room. If Rey and Amidala had exchanged any words whilst he was out, they weren't talking now, and Ben wasn't the only one breathing hard and unwilling to so much as blink for fear of enticing the putrid images to return. Their appearance had paralysed them all, making everyone too stricken to move. It would seem the silence became too great for Amidala, though, who, at last, stammered out, in a choked whisper from where she still sat on the floor a few feet away, "Wha - What just happened?" Slowly, Rey turned to her daughter. The colour had all but drained from her face and her large, inky-coloured eyes darted from Rey to Ben and back again, demanding and, at the same time, fearful of an answer to that question. "Nothing, Ami," Rey managed to reply, though her quivering voice betrayed her; she still held Ben's face in her hands. "Just... Just nightmares. Yes, nightmares. That was all." Rey locked eyes on Ben and eventually relinquished her grip. Her hands came to rest on top of his trembling arms. Over time, both his breathing and the shaking eased with her steadfast touch, but the marring expression they both wore remained. Amidala watched them, trapped in her own petrified contemplations. Whatever silent messages were being transmitted between her parents, Amidala wasn't permitted to hear them, but she could sense with all of her shrewd instincts that they, too, were frightened, and that what they had all witnessed wasn't mere 'nightmares' but...something else. Perhaps something far more sinister. * * * * * * (Cont.) - One and a Half Years Before the Family's Escape from Procalamation's Star Base (D'Qar, Resistance Headquarters) "Dad?" Han chanced piping up as he struggled to keep pace with his father's rapid-driven steps. "Is everything all right?" "Hmm? Yes, Han, everything's fine," Ben dismissed the boy's inquiry, perhaps a touch too harshly. He purposely slowed his stride to allow Han to catch up as they reached the bottom step outside Resistance's headquarters, where they then turned to the right and headed off towards the direction of their awaiting starfighter. "Ready the ship, won't you? We need to get back to your mother and sister." Han nodded but eyed his father sidelong, still highly curious over the testy conversation he had peeked between Ben and his grandmother. He hoped it was nothing, but his instincts told him otherwise. His father looked tired, distracted, put out by whatever words had been exchanged, though, which only heightened his suspicions that it must have something to do with his father's involvement with the Resistance. That was another mystery unto itself Han hadn't uncovered—yet. Han's short legs broke into a run. His father clearly had no interest in sharing the details of his and General Organa's conversation, so there was little point in attempting to pry...for now. Perhaps he might be able to unearth more details about what had gone down between them later on. Ben, on the other hand, ceased walking entirely, allowing his son to forge ahead of him. He pinched the bridge of his nose, as if to ward off an impending headache. She wants me to quit ? How in the hell does she even think that's possible at this stage? Ben snorted and rubbed a hand down his severely drawn face, annoyed. As if I could! Kylo Ren would be the most hunted man in the galaxy. And how in the hell would that be intuitive to keeping my family safe, Mother? Ben sighed long and hard, watching from afar as Han's floppy, brown mop of shaggy hair entered the cockpit and bounded about, preparing their ship for take-off. He hoped his son hadn't overheard too much. He and his sisters were still so innocent, so naïve to the growing dangers happening in their Universe. They had a general sense of it, of course, but, as far as Ben was concerned—and to a lesser extent, Rey—it was more than acceptable that the children remain tuned out to much of the threatening Darkness that was spreading across the galaxy. No need to pull them into the harrowing knowledge that their world was in danger of collapse until it was absolutely necessary. If their luck prevailed, this war might end well before it began. Amidala, however... Ben's chest constricted as his hypersensitive considerations turned to his eldest. These days, she was getting a much brighter picture of the treacherous state of the galaxy—she was a Jedi-in-training, after all, with a number of questions on her clever brain of late that hinted at such an awareness—and where it was likely headed: in the wrong direction. As long any future enlightenments from his children didn't include knowledge of his own role in this fight then Ben figured he could come to grips with their eventual awareness; of the loss to that precious unworldliness they carried. After all, it was only a matter of time before fun-loving Han and credulous, little Astrid recognised the Darkness for what it was; for what they all were potentially facing. But hopefully not too soon... A delicate breeze picked up around him, flittering, caressing him like a faint whisper as the wind lightly swept through his shoulder-length hair. Ben found himself turning his gaze to the left, towards an immovable, square-shaped object of white marble that stood erect off to the side of headquarters' establishment. He paused to acknowledge its call, for it regularly spoke to him when he visited this place, and he had never failed to answer. Ben's legs unconsciously stepped closer, striding like a current glides with the ebb and flow of the tide, towards the towering remembrance that had been assembled many years ago in tribute to his late father. The ordinary, though impressive, white stone dominated over his considerably tall frame by at least two to three feet, catching the faintest rays of sunlight that seeped down to land in between the clouds. It shone brightest across the etching of the man's name in the centre—Han Solo—and Ben unwittingly extended his fingers out to thoughtfully trace each letter. He felt compelled to do so, as he had many a time before, his delicate senses wanting to reach across that Great Divide that separated them—Life and Death—to reconnect, somehow. And he always wound up feeling foolish for trying. How long had Ben been waiting for his father to pass through; to speak to him? To tell him how sorry I am... Ben found himself regularly on the cusp of connecting with the man, but his spirit always managed to allude him, fading in and out like floating memories in space; as quickly as he might appear he would vanish. And why shouldn't he? Ben would reason with his undue disappointment. The man was dead because of him. He couldn't blame the guy for not wanting to hang around the person responsible for bringing an end to his life: his no-good, wretched son. Steady, Ben... 'Han Solo.' He read the name over and over again. It looked so final, so terribly complete engraved into that cold, dense marble. Below the name was a recording of Han's date of birth, date of death, and a simple inscription: 'Killed in the line of duty fighting for the Resistance. We will never forget your sacrifice.' No... We most certainly will not. That pondering wasn't an acid one, merely a quiet reflection charged by unremitting heartache and regret. So much regret... Ben clenched his jaw as his hand slipped back to his side, his soul unfulfilled and numbed. He both despised and valued this sacred spot, finding its presence both a comfort and a curse that only he could fully appreciate. As well you should... You're responsible. Ben felt the feeble sting that such rancid, ever-present reminders inflicted on his soul, but he kept decidedly mute about it. Waring with his conscience wouldn't change these ill feelings of his nor would they alter what was. He stared at the stone testament a while longer, lost in his thoughts and never detecting Han approaching from behind until the boy spoke. "Dad?" Ben's eyes flickered and turned to his son, who was now eying him over with fresh apprehension. "The ship's ready." Ben nodded and, for another lingering moment, he turned his attention back to his father's monument. Han stepped forward to stand by his side, leaning into Ben's arm to gaze up at his grandfather's inscription. "I wish I could've known him," he confessed all too quietly, the purity of those words worsening Ben's agony. He easily brought his son into a warm embrace. "I wish you could've known him, too, Han..." A strange, thin tug on Ben's free arm told him that his father, wherever he was, was gently concurring with the tragedy of his tortured son's and guileless grandson's tough reality. And you would have were it not for me... * * * Later that night, Ben stared into his wife's beautifully open, kind face and released a heavy, burdensome sigh that, without words, she patiently disentangled. That understated, understanding reaction of hers included a broad smile; that was nearly always Rey's breathtaking response after a reading of the more carefree inner workings of her husband's mind. (Her reaction to his more frequent, considerably darker and far greater discomforting thoughts, however, continuously locked away in the most guarded recesses of his mind where invaders as skilled as Snoke had trouble penetrating, was quite different). He was grateful that his wife evidently had little interest in delving further into those debilitating thoughts this night. Rey settled her head against her pillow, wavy, long brunette locks fanning out all around her like a goddess, and pulled Ben close, beckoning his brawny limbs to roll over top of hers. He did as she wordlessly commanded, allowing her dainty, well-acquainted fingers to brush sweet circles along his lower back, teasing the sensitive flesh that stirred and awakened under her touch. Her endearing connection was tempting, consuming, arousing him like an irresistible beat. Ben bent down to capture her lips, and the feathery, light energy that had been drifting around the edges of their intertwined bodies suddenly swelled, strengthened by the coming together of two fractured souls to form a complete whole. It's brilliance left Ben momentarily short of breath and, after several moments, he reluctantly pulled back to draw in more air, and was taken aback by the exquisitely contented look that now marked Rey's countenance. "I love you," he breathed into the darkness, his arms mindlessly looping tighter around her naked body. "You know that, don't you?" Rey blinked. "Of course I do. And I, you." She inclined her neck to playfully skim his lips. "Don't be afraid," she insisted softly and kissed him again, though with more fervour than before, enticing her fellow warrior's torn, grey life force to become one with hers. "I'm not," he confessed against her warm mouth, encourging another one of her sensational smiles to appear. " You feel me ." It was a statement, not a question, and one he would happily rise to answer. " Yes ..." he hummed and closed his eyes, gladly submitting to her will. He did feel her link, all of her grace and fervid regard; utterly, completely, unequivocally. Rey's response was uniformly embracing, absolute, " And I, you ." * * * * * * Present Day (Deep Space) "Mum, they're gaining on us!" Han tapped at the decreasing odometer reading amidst the cockpit's many buttons and apparatus. "Traction's slowing us down!" Rey fumbled to unbuckle her seatbelt. "Keep an eye on that odometer while I check out the hyperdrive!" With that, she bolted out of sight and down a ladder to fiddle with the controls. That left Han to steer the Falcon on his own as they sped through hyperspace, desperately trying to outrun three tie fighters who were closing in on their tail. Amidala sat rigidly in her seat, feeling the inveigle of the Darkness gaining friction on them, and made a last ditch effort to meditate in order to keep it at arm's length. So far, her attempts were proving rather futile. To her left, Astrid whimpered at the eerie sounds of the tie fighters' blasts, which hit their freighter over and over, causing the ship to rattle and quake. The power flickered on and off, escalating the suspense. Amidala reached over and grasped her sister's hand, wishing to instil calm in the five-year old, but none of them could deny the peril of their situation, which seemed to be worsening by the second. The children weren't aware of holding their breaths until their mother suddenly shouted to them from down below, "What's the odometer reading now?" "Uhhh," Han stammered, having taken his eyes off the meter when a particularly forceful blast sent the Falcon nearly spinning onto its side, "still slowing!" From the control room, Rey uttered a curse word or two, but whatever she said was lost amidst more heavy firing from the enemy. "I'm going to have to reset the hyperdrive!" Rey hollered to them, which did little to ease their nerves. "Just hang tight! Han, hit the safety lights!" An abrupt, powerful blast had triggered an alarm, and the Falcon was suddenly immersed in darkness. Han staggered to find the safety lights' switch and turned it on as instructed, but the ship was now slowing to a crawl. " You !" he exclaimed to his sister in a panic, pointing determinedly at Amidala. "Go use one of the gunners!" Amidala's mouth dropped open, aghast. "Are you mad ?" " JUST DO IT !" Another vigorous hit from the tie fighters had them all fighting whiplash in their seats. Astrid began to sob and covered her face with her hands. "All right, all right! Fine !" Amidala consented and, once the ship ceased shaking, she hurriedly unstrapped her seatbelt. With trepidation, she wobbled her way out of the cockpit and down a level into one of the cramped gunner stations, taking a seat in its accompanying chair. She glanced over the contraption nervously, skimming over its various buttons and features that she had no clue how to use, and fastened the headpiece to her head. Han really was off his rocker; she hadn't any idea how to use this ruddy thing. It would probably jam and not work anyhow. Her mother and father had never taught her, her brother, or Astrid how to properly shoot down a spacecraft. That had never seemed like a sensible thing to teach one's children, did it? In any case, there wasn't a chance she would be able to take out one tie fighter, let alone three . 'Trust your instincts, Ami,' a deep register unexpectedly spoke to her inside her head. Amidala's spine stiffened and her heart thumped quicker in her chest. 'Let them guide you. Feel it, don't think.' Dad? she desperately wanted to respond but then one of the tie fighters zoomed into view, thrashing her senses back to reality. She located the blast button, got herself into position, and began firing several rapid shots at the ship, which dipped to the right and spun out of sight, evading her clutches. "Damn it!" she muttered in frustration. "Keep going, Ami!" Ami whirled her head around just in time to spot her mother securing herself into the second gunner station on the opposite end of the Falcon. "Aim for their engines when they make to turn around!" "They're too fast!" Ami called over her shoulder as another tie fighter flew to her left, just out of range. She fired a couple shots but he soon disappeared, his speed proving too advanced for her gunner to keep pace. She then heard Rey begin launching an attack as well, perceiving how her mother was relying on the surrounding Force to guide her. Amidala eased up on the controls and closed her eyes. Renounced to do as her father had instructed, she opened her sight and ears to the Force's call, listening, trusting i his direction. It wasn't long before her sharp hearing picked up on an approaching tie fighter. Before it appeared in range, her gunner was in position and ready to fire. She felt the energy bend to her determination, encouraging the Padawan's quick-thinking reflexes, and she began shooting before the tie fighter fully materialised. Within seconds, the spacecraft erupted into flames, the ship and its pilot evaporating into deep space. Amidala couldn't stop herself from cheering with glee. Rey joined in on her daughter's rousing elation momentarily, but then their quest to bring down the remaining two tie fighters resumed. A minute later, Rey had successfully struck down their second target. The third and final tie fighter, however, kept eluding their grasp, and soon ceased fire and disappeared altogether. Neither Rey nor Amidala were convinced of its supposed vanishing act, however, and held tight to their controls. "Han," Rey called up to her son, hoping the boy could locate the pilot on the Falcon's tracking system, "where's that blasted third tie fighter?" No one answered. Rey spun around in her chair, as did Amidala, and mother and daughter's pale faces matched in their expression of dread. Sudden scuffling from Han and faint cries from Astrid echoed from upstairs. Rey leapt out of her seat in a flash, followed closely by Amidala, who chanced a passing glance out the window before joining her mother at the ladder. At least ten more tie fighters were suddenly surrounding the Falcon, waiting, not attacking. Her throat dropped into the pit of her stomach. This wasn't good. Rey snatched her daughter's hand as one of the tie fighter commanders abruptly appeared at the top of the ladder, along with four other unknown, masked faces that resembled Stormtroopers. They each carried heavy weaponry in their hands, and Amidala surmised at once that any attempts at overrunning them would be unwise, especially without knowing where her brother and sister were. 'Ben,' she could sense her mother's frantic call to her father across the galaxy, 'they have us...' Amidala's heart sunk. They had been so close; so terribly close to leaving that dreadful Proclamation Star base behind. What would they do now? And what might her father face if the enemy uncovered that he had aided in their escape? Did they already know? To make matters worse, no immediate answer from him came through. Amidala's grip on her mother's hand tightened as one of the enemy commanders ordered them none too kindly to ascend the ladder...or risk Han and Astrid being shot dead. Notes: A/N #2 : More Reylo-centric moments and flashbacks are coming...if anyone wants 'em; but you'll still have lots of family moments, too. Thanks to anyone who reviews... Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter 5 "But you, children of space, you restless in rest, you shall not be trapped nor tamed." ―Kahlil Gibran Present Day (Deep Space) Rey ground her teeth together at the eyesore that was a newly botched hole in the ceiling of their beloved Millennium Falcon, thanks to one of the damnable Proclamation's aggressive transporters that had taken the family by surprise, storming their freighter at full speed. Before Rey or Amidala had been able to sense more of the enemy coming, the enormous, dense transporter had attached itself to the top of the faltering Falcon, blasted through its roof, and taken them captive. Now, Rey and her eldest daughter found themselves being shoved against the wall and jostled by Stormtroopers searching for any hidden weaponry they might have in their possession. Unfortunately, their lightsabers were the first items stolen off their persons. The panic that swept across Amidala's eyes as she furiously glanced to her mother for counsel worsened Rey's own inner dread regarding their predicament. It seemed that there was little to do but wait for an opportune moment to get away, though the odds were highly stacked against them. Sure, she and Amidala could fight without their lightsabers—Rey had little doubt her daughter would be of enormous help in taking out the ten to twelve Stormtroopers who had crammed themselves into the Falcon's main hall—but a surprise attack likely wouldn't get them far. As it was, they were quite outnumbered, their freighter was surrounded by more heavily-armed tie fighters outside, the Falcon's hyperdrive had failed them so outrunning the enemy would be utterly futile, and Han and Astrid were already aboard the transporter, secured within the Stormtroopers' grasps. Rey heard Han hollering a number of insults at their captors for the poor state they had put their trusty ship in, whilst Astrid wept and repeatedly cried for her mother. " I'm here, kids !" Rey shouted to them as loudly as she could, earning her a sharp smack to the face by the leading Stormtrooper. Amidala startled at such brutality. When Rey's sight came back into focus, she could taste blood on her upper lip. Still, she made a point of staring the Stormtrooper down, making sure not to show any hint of fear, either to the enemy or for her children's sakes. "Quiet, you traitorous scum!" the male voice snapped at her, though it did nothing to silence Rey's feisty resolve. "It's me your damn general wants!" She glanced imploringly from the head Stormtrooper to the head pilot wearing a midnight chrome helmet, who was obviously in charge of this operation. "Let my children go!" "Not a chance," the head pilot scoffed. He nodded to the two sets of Stormtroopers who had Rey and Amidala firmly by the arms. "Put 'em on board." He then turned to the head Stormtrooper—the one responsible for clouting Rey—and commanded that he alert General Hux and Kylo Ren of the recapturing of their fugitives. At the utterance of that second name—a name that, before only two days prior, had meant nothing but sheer disgust and loathing to Amidala—the girl's blood began pumping excitedly. She should have felt relief; reassurance that her father, in all his intimidating disguise work for the Resistance, might be able to pluck them out of this god-awful mess (albeit a second time), but, now, it only invoked terror in her. He hadn't answered her mother's telepathic message, so there was little knowing whether he was all right, trying to strategies a Plan B for them, or had already been found out by their foes. 'If they're alerting him to our capture, Ami, then that's good news for him and for us,' she heard Rey speak collectedly inside her mind. 'Keep calm. Don't give them the satisfaction of seeing your fear. We'll figure something out, I promise.' Amidala turned to her mother as the pair of them were roughly hustled onto the transporter. Somehow, she wasn't convinced that all would turn out all right. Her father might be in the midst of being informed that his confidential loved ones were headed back to Proclamation's Star Base, but what then? They had already tried to escape once, and the penalties for doing so were likely to be more volatile than the first round had been. The mere thought of being trapped in the confined, stale holding cell she had been encased in for nearly two days was enough to make Amidala's skin crawl. Their chances of pulling off another remarkable break, too, were probably slim to none. 'Stop it, Ami,' Rey commanded; the urgency and apprehension in her mother's voice wasn't lost on the young Padawan. 'You mustn't resort to this manner of thinking. Don't.' Amidala stilled her thoughts as the transporter began its eerily quiet, rocky route back to its base, but seeing her smaller brother and sister being cuffed in front of her, with blaster rifles aimed squarely at the back of their innocent heads, made quieting her nerves damn near impossible. 'Please,' she found herself praying, pleading, to her father as the pilot reported the family's status to their Star Base, 'help us!' * * * * * * "This is hardly sensible!" "Quiet, my young Apprentice—" "You can't honestly think that luring Kylo Ren here is a bright idea?" Master Luke turned to his exasperated Padawan learner and offered her one of his long, pensive stares that did little to provide her a clearer answer. Rather, it was the sort of vacant expression that had regularly made Rey want to rip her hair out ever since she had first come to this remote island so many months ago to train with the experienced, elusive Jedi. "He'll surely kill you; or, at the very least, take you hostage! The whole galaxy is looking for you, you know, including the First Order!" "I don't think that will happen." Rey detested the typical vagueness in that response. Her accompanying expression informed the old man as much, too, though Master Luke was now gazing off towards the sea rather than at her. "What makes you so sure?" she demanded and crossed her arms over her chest. Master Luke's conveyance was still aggravatingly abstract when those wise blue eyes fell back on her. "Because if Ben truly wanted to find me, he'd have done so already. His guilt and regret has kept him away. He's as much afraid of me now as he claims to be so insistent on finding me." 'Afraid'? 'Guilt'?' Rey stared on, utterly bewildered. "Your nephew had no trouble killing his own father. I doubt he feels any shred of culpability for your sake. The Padawan learner you taught all those years ago? That man's dead, I'm telling you." Master Luke's stance was firm, however, for he didn't so much as flinch at Rey's harsh words. "We shall see," he whispered, turned away from her once more, and proceeded to meditate, though whatever about was blocked out to Rey. With an aggravated roll of her eyes, Rey glowered and stalked off, giving her master whatever space he desired. He was infuriating, Master Luke. It made no sense to her whatsoever why he should send Kylo Ren a telepathic message and tell that crazed man his whereabouts. Did her master have a death wish? Did he want to send his young apprentice over the edge and bait her into another fight with the evil cad? Because that 's where things were headed if Kylo Ren showed up. Rey wasn't about to let him step foot onto this island without a fight. Then again, the last person in the entire galaxy Rey wished to ever encounter again was Kylo Ren. The mere thought of him left her seeing murderous, blood-thirsty red. If he did come, Rey wasn't so certain she wouldn't make good on her utmost desire to avenge Han Solo and kill the wretched son of a bitch. If Master Luke truly wanted his Padawan learner to reel in her hatred for Kylo Ren and for Kylo Ren alone, which, otherwise, was a most certain path to the Dark Side should she allow these ill feelings to keep gnawing at her soul, then he was failing dismally. Meditate , her conscience pressed. Clear your mind. Thinking of stabbing your lightsaber through Kylo Ren's chest won't absolve you of your grief. Remember what Master Luke said... That's what the rational part of her brain was advising, anyhow. The stirring quench for vengeance was far louder, though. * * * Less than twenty-four hours later, it was an absolute shock to Rey to discover Kylo Ren's command shuttle touching down at the farthest, most upper part of the island. Rey's blood ran cold at spotting the familiar black ship breaking through the clouds and descending towards them, like a hunter about to claim its doomed prey. Master Luke was already ahead of Rey, hiking his way up to the top of the hill with his walking stick in tow, as though he was marching towards certain death. Rey struggled to keep up as her legs had suddenly turned wobbly and unstable, working against her with every forward step. "Be mindful," Master Luke spoke to her over his shoulder, not turning back once. "The Darkness he carries with him is remarkably strong; much heavier than I'd hoped." 'What did you expect to encounter?' Rey wanted to exclaim and bit her bottom lip to keep from shouting. "I'd thought the shame and grief might cushion him a little," Master Luke acknowledged in a soft, heartsick manner; those fragile words drifted away on the wind, leaving Rey afflicted. She couldn't respond to that. She had warned the old man numerous times that his nephew was no longer the eager, goodhearted little boy he had told her about shortly after her training began. From what little information she had coaxed out of him, Ben Solo was a stark contrast to the monster he had fashioned himself into. Besides, he had wound up murdering his own father. Rey had witnessed it with her own eyes. Wasn't that enough validation that the man's soul was blackened and rotted for good? Master Luke had had the same mind-boggling response that General Organa had afterwards, however, much to Rey's astonishment: 'There's still Light in him. The goodness is there, desperate to return. I felt it. He just needs help.' Well, if that was really the ruddy case, why couldn't she sense it, too? Master Luke had told Rey that her hatred was blocking her from the truth, but she thought that a bunch of codswallop. Kylo Ren was the epitome of evil; of Darkness; of everything that was wrong with the world, and Master Luke would gauge that for himself soon enough. Rey hastened her pace as they approached the top of the hill, both she and her master somewhat breathless from the steep climb. Unsurprisingly, Kylo Ren was waiting for them, and the haunting sight of that towering, dark figure, in his imposing black robes and inhuman mask, made Rey halt dead in her tracks, and Master Luke as well. "Luke Skywalker," said that deep, unfeeling voice, breaking the eerie silence that hung heavily in the air. "At last. I've been anticipating this moment." Master Luke's subsequent response was remarkably coy, "Have you?" "Indeed." Kylo cocked his head, robes sweeping alongside the fierce, seaside wind, and Rey knew he was assessing her person. Had he expected her to be here? Had he not? "The girl who would be your new apprentice, I presume?" Master Luke gave Rey a quiet look over, one that she returned. Then they both stared back at Kylo, resolved. Kylo stepped away from the ramp to his ship and approached them, striding cautiously, purposely slow. There appeared to be no one else with him, which Rey immediately thought peculiar. "You are alone," Master Luke spoke for the pair of them, as if reading her mind. "Yes." "Why? Didn't bring any of your goons with you?" Rey was unable to bite back her tongue. Kylo provided her no answer, though Rey could feel the Darkness radiating off of him like a heinous virus, even from such a distance as the length that the top of this hill afforded them. She squared her shoulders, her fingers tingling to reach for the lightsaber stowed in the leather pouch attached to her belt. She quietly noted that Master Luke showed no indications of reaching for his to protect himself. "You haven't been able to help your apprentice curb her anger and animosity," Kylo appraised, giving a cocksure snort. "Perhaps there's hope for her yet. The Supreme Leader will be pleased to hear this development." The fire within Rey was set aflame by such a notion. "I'll join that demented leader you worship when we're both good and dead!" she snarled, clenching her hands into fists at her sides. "We shall see." Rey could sense the vile smirk in that reply, as well as the unnerving one plastered on the handsome face that lurked behind the mask—a combination that both hypnotised and abhorred her—and the rage within Rey seethed. She wrestled internally to tone down her emotions as Master Luke stepped forward. "Ben—" "I no longer answer to that name." There was a prickling to his tone now, a slight alteration that Rey instantly picked up on. She was glad she apparently wasn't the only one so easily goaded. "I will address you by no other name than the one of your birth; the name your family gave you." At once, Kylo's Darkness surged but the Jedi and his apprentice expanded their Light to meet its antithesis, ready, awaiting his next move. His fiery red lightsaber emerged from inside his cloak and spluttered to life. Rey stiffened. He was too far away from Master Luke to make a proper swing yet, but the unveiling of his deadly weapon still hadn't prompted the experienced Jedi to reach for his own. "I have no family," Kylo growled. His grip on his lightsaber tightened, his fury spurring it to crackle and pop with ferocious intensity. As far as Rey was concerned, Master Luke had expended enough stock at the hands of Fate. He had tempted Kylo Ren, an utter madman, to his long-standing hideout and was now attempting to approach him unarmed. Either he truly did have a death wish or was as deranged as Rey had feared. Her astute judgement told her that this showdown wasn't going to end well. "Yes, you do," Master Luke insisted, speaking with such patience, even understanding, that Rey was left dumbfounded and numbed to the quick. "You cannot deny the truth of who you are, Ben; of what you are. You are a Solo—" " Stop it !" Kylo snapped, and Rey startled at his outburst. Master Luke didn't desist, however. He took several defining steps closer, speaking in a calm voice, "You're the fiercely loved son of Han Solo and Princess Leia Organa. You are my beloved nephew and I, your uncle, Luke Skywalker." " Enough, you —" "You were a Jedi once." Master Luke refused to put his guard up, prompting Rey to carefully approach from behind. If the old man insisted on getting himself hurt—or, worse, killed—she would at least be close enough to try and stop it. "And you would have become a great one had I not instilled you with more confidence; if your father had tried to better understand you; if your mother had told me of the torments you suffered at night... "We could have done so much more for you, Ben. You held so much promise...and we failed you; all of us. You hold such promise yet." Kylo jolted, and Rey reached for her lightsaber. " You're a damn fool! Your words are poison! " "A fool I may be, yes, but I can sense the good in you, Ben; the conflict between the Dark and the Light. You needn't continue to suffer so needlessly." Although obviously agitated, Kylo seemed torn between running his uncle through now that the Jedi was close enough to engage in a duel or allowing this emotionally-charged spar to carry on a while longer; to hear what the old man had to say. Rey hesitated to unleash her weapon, confounded by Kylo's sudden reluctance; or was he merely biding his time and waiting for the opportune moment to strike, perhaps when she least expected it? Yes... That must be it. Be ready, Rey. "You're wrong about me!" Kylo jeered, pointing his lightsaber at his defenceless uncle. "You always were wrong about me! You never understood! And you couldn't possibly understand now!" Master Luke stared at Kylo Ren for a long, measured moment, no doubt stricken by the unrecognisable horror and degradation his nephew had become. His words were wistful when he finally replied, "But I do, Ben. I do understand. You feel it, don't you? The pull to the Light." Kylo went still as stone, not so much as daring to breathe, from what Rey could tell. "Even now, it's not too late. Accept the Light, Ben. You can turn this all around; it's within your power. You can finally be rid of this pain you carry. Please... Just let it in—" " ENOUGH !" That ruthless, guttural cry was the final straw. The hairs on the back of Rey's neck instantly stood on end and her hand made to curl around her lightsaber. Seeing the flash of red flame that suddenly rippled through the air, she pounced forward in front of Master Luke, her weapon striking Kylo Ren's in the nick of time and preventing his lightsaber from running the Jedi through. It stunned Rey that Master Luke hadn't so much as attempted to get out of harm's way. She saw Kylo raise his arm to strike, as if in slow motion, but her master, in turn, had done surprisingly nothing. He stood precisely where he was, as though paralysed by what was coming his way, and stared, downtrodden, at the lifeless mask of Kylo Ren, grasping for some glimmer of his nephew's old self beyond the veil he wore. As Rey could have told her master a dozen times over and it probably wouldn't have had any impact, there was nothing there; no lingering shadows of the man's former self. There could be no good in Kylo Ren, and she was about to prove it to Master Luke tenfold. Having taken Kylo by surprise, Rey was able to successfully swing her lightsaber again and send him stumbling back a step or two. She half expected Master Luke to leap to her aid but was too caught up in her own chagrin to take note of the sore fact that he wasn't doing a damned thing to help. She swung again and again, knocking roughly against Kylo's lightsaber whilst dodging his equally violent strokes. One such swing nearly grazed her cheek and, instead of turning fickle under such pressures, Rey twirled about and shot Kylo's lightsaber a tremendous blow—one that left him struggling to keep his balance. Vibrant shades of red and blue combusted, sending mad sparks flying every which direction. Rey's arms trembled as she fought Kylo's superior weight and strength. The flaming cross in his lightsaber inched towards her, shaving a bit of fabric—and skin—clear off her right shoulder. She screamed but tried to summon the pain inward, hell-bent on using it against Kylo as much as her petite body and energy would exhaust. A vigorous shove caught Kylo unprepared. He swayed and tried to right his feet, just sparing his himself what would have resulted in an amputated arm had he not raised his lightsaber in time. Rey's lightsaber collided with Kylo's again, Darkness and Light wrestling for dominance, both physically and Forcefully. Rey could feel her strength depleting rather quickly, though. The fuming hatred she had unleashed in her short battle with Kylo was rapidly to take its toll, something she hadn't experienced last time they duelled, and its release was not only draining her Light but stealing what physical strength she had. Her own anger frightened her enough that she worked relentlessly to recede it, and as fast as possible. The Darkness—and Kylo—clinched the Padawan's fears at once and played them to their advantage. When Rey's energy waned for but a moment, Kylo struck hard, knowing she wouldn't see it coming. He swung his much longer arm in a circle, spinning Rey's lightsaber right out of her hand, and the impact was such that her feet flew out from underneath her. She landed on her back, colliding with the ground and igniting a flaring pain in her lower spine that momentarily blurred her vision. Suddenly, Rey realised that she couldn't move, and not of her own accord. Kylo was using the Force to keep her immobile. She felt betrayed by her own body; her back was throbbing, her Light was diminishing, and, no matter how hard she battled against his might, he maintained the upper hand. All she could see above her was a black face—the callous mask of a cold-hearted killer—who's lightsaber was waving with the intent to crucify. 'HELP!' she wanted to bellow but her throat had gone dry. Then something unexpected happened. Kylo paused mid-swing, and not from her combating energy or even Master Luke's, which apparently was non-existent. The resistance was entirely of his own volition. He was peering down at Rey, though, of course, she couldn't see his eyes; but the mask was staring, nonetheless, the breathing coming from beneath its hold ragged and spent. Was he stalling? Did he want to draw out her impending demise in order to terrorise her some more before the end? No... Even Rey, petrified and unable to move, sensed that there was something else at play; something that had nothing to do with the Darkness. He was confounded, dithering between the decision to finish her off here and now or to let her go. Rey wasn't sure what frightened her more in this moment: that Kylo Ren was actually considering letting her live or that these might be her last seconds. Finally, Kylo lowered his fighting arm and the blaze of his red lightsaber extinguished. He slowly stepped back, and his free hand curled into a ball at his side. His entire body was quaking and, still, he wouldn't move to strike her again. Rey warily raised herself onto her elbows, flinching at the shooting pangs in her lower back. She waited with baited breath, uncertain and afraid, wondering if the maniac would allow her to rise, perhaps even let her retrieve her lightsaber; or if this was all a twisted game on his part. All of sudden, Master Luke was hauling Rey to her feet, pulling her up by the pits of her arms. She stumbled and tried to maintain her footing, not taking her eyes off of Kylo Ren the whole time; of that emotionless mask. He remained rooted to the ground, panting but otherwise static. "You've both taken your first steps," Rey heard Master Luke address them, hardly believing her ears. He fully turned from her to his nephew, and Rey caught tears in his eyes. "Ben, I... I knew you could do it." Kylo Ren said nothing. * * * * * * Present Day (Deep Space) "Kylo," the soft voice drawled to its kneeling servant, its tone dripping with malice and discontent, "my ever foolish Apprentice, you disappoint me." Kylo bowed his head lower to the ground. His shoulders inadvertently tensed in anticipation of what he knew was coming: punishment. "I'm sorry, my Lord," he issued ever so quietly, keeping his mask directed at the dark, hollow floor, his tone level. "Apologies are about all you and Hux can ever offer me, aren't they?" Kylo knew better than to provide his master's question with an answer; it would only serve to provoke Snoke's anger and land him, the 'foolish' apprentice, in more trouble than he already was. "You let the girl escape!" Snoke proceeded to snarl, his voice suddenly flaring with intensity. "And her offspring, too!" "I wasn't made aware of their escape until after the fact, my Lord. Had I but known—" "The girl would still likely have evaded you! It's a pattern of late that baffles me! Why is that ?" Kylo gave a slow, steady shake of his head. The blood was rushing to his ears and his heart was thumping furiously in his chest, but he kept the panic restrained, tucking it away in a hypothetical drawer so that his body might not cave in on itself. He hadn't gotten this far in deceiving his long-term master, turned-greatest adversary by letting his emotional instincts get the better of him, particularly when the Supreme Leader was so close and able to sense every thought and emotion that crossed his path. "She doesn't evade me, my Lord." At the edgy pause that ensued, Kylo chanced a peek up at the phantom-like, pallid ruler, who was eyeing him incredulously from atop his high chair. "She's been...fortunate thus far, but—" "'Fortunate'?" Snoke murmured, the threat in that cold, low response as unshakable as his motives. Kylo stiffened. "We shall have her soon, my Master, I can assure you—" " Enough ." A stabbing pain flared at the back of Kylo's head, sending his solid upper body staggering forward onto hands and knees. He struggled to regain control of the simmering, underlying panic that wanted to explode, thereby giving Snoke his crooked satisfaction of conjuring pain. His gloved hands clawed helplessly at the cement, desperate to dig into something that might mitigate some of the agony. Oh, but the pain... It was acute, as if his mind was being meticulously split wide open. It took every ounce of Kylo's threadbare will not to scream. In a frenzy, he resorted to meditation; to reach that far off place in the recesses of his mind where he might dodge the worst of the torment. Yes... A lush green island on a far off shore that had been his first home away from everything he knew, where he hoped to prove himself the awe-inspiring warrior that had been whispered and promised to him ever since he was a small boy. It may have been a far-stretch, seeing as the voice who had accompanied him all those years ago had possessed such such ill intent, and yet, the island... The island . If he could reach that sacred place, he might shield himself from Snoke's wrath. "You cannot hide from me," Snoke gave a calculated laugh that was uncomfortably gentle; it made his apprentice nearly wretch. Nearly. " I see you, Kylo Ren . You are mine ." The pain enhanced and Kylo's seemingly indestructible body was resigned to uncontrollable fits of seizing. "And the girl... The girl and her offspring shall also be mine . You will see that it's done, my Apprentice. Do not fail me again." Notes: A/N : Thank you to those who review... Chapter 6 Notes: A/N : Hello to my couple of faithful readers, if you're still out there! *waves* Firstly, I have two exciting pieces of artwork for this fic I want to share with you! I recently commissioned a piece from the insanely talented elithien on Tumblr, and she not only fulfilled my request but gifted me with a bonus artwork as well! She is divine and, if you love this pairing, you ought to be following her anyhow. To view the artwork, be sure to head over to her Tumblr account . They're absolutely stunning, and she captured not only Ben/Kylo and Rey perfectly but my beautiful OCs as well! :') Secondly, I don't want this story to lag for two more months before I update again, and I'd like to think any readers out there who are actually enjoying this story don't want such a long wait either, so, if you're following this fic, please offer up a little something in that Review Box to keep me going... Just to know I have interested readers is such an encouragement... (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 6 "Love is written in our instincts, yet erased by our actions." ―Gayle D. Erwin Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) "Gehr'off me!" " Easy, would you ?" Rey exclaimed to the two Stormtroopers who were so viciously mistreating Han right in front of her eyes. The Solo family had made their unfortunate return to Proclamation's Star base and were just exiting the enemy's transporter when the children began their unsuccessful attempts at warding off their not-so-kind captors. Despite Rey's pleas to them to desist, and with repeated exasperated messages transmitted to the children in their minds, Han and Astrid were too wound up—too terrified, rather—to obey to their mother's advice. They kicked and pushed back against the merciless hands that bound them, Han throwing insult after insult and Astrid screaming in fear as they were led through the main hanger. It didn't take long to put a fiendish stop to the younglings' combativeness, however. One of the two Stormtroopers shoving Han forcefully along a corridor suddenly turned on the boy and grasped him tightly by the throat, hoisting him off the ground and into the air. Han's berating was immediately censored. The female Stormtrooper's hand coiled so firmly around his neck that Rey feared she might snap it right in half. "Stop! STOP IT! PLEASE !" Rey begged, bringing her gait to a crawl. Her wide eyes frantically veered to another Stormtrooper marching in front of her who was now hoisting Astrid against his hip, carrying her much like a duffle bag. The petrified five-year old had ceased putting up a fight herself after another accompanying Stormtrooper jabbed the little girl squarely in the ribs with his blaster rifle, leaving her bent over, nursing her side, and gasping for breath. Amidala had gone into a heated diatribe over her little sister's maltreatment after that, spitting her own series of threats at the enemy that apparently weren't lessening their cruelty, whilst Rey tried to reason with everyone. " Quit manhandling my children !" she demanded of them. "Can't you see, she's frightened? What has she ever done to you? AND PUT MY SON DOWN THIS INSTANT BEFORE YOU KILL HIM!" That , at the very least, drew the Stormtrooper strangling Han out of her homicidal stupor. In an abrupt haste, she brought the boy's dangling feet back to the ground, pointed her blaster rifle at his head, and, when he wouldn't move forward straight away, she gave him a decisive push. Rey breathed a sigh of relief, however, grateful that the Stormtrooper had come to her senses. Once more, she quietly urged each of the children in their minds to stay calm, cooperative, and alert. She was most desperate to transmit another telepathic message to Ben, but it would have been far too dangerous a risk. Her shrewd eyes kept searching for him, though—for any sign of that steely, unflinching mask of his that, many years ago, would have been anything but whom she wished to stumble upon—but there was no glimpse of her husband anywhere. Please , she begged, making sure not to utter his name in such a compromising place as this, help us... We're here... The Stormtroopers fiercely continued thrusting the family around corner after corner, corridor after seemingly endless steel corridor, for several more nerve-wracking minutes until they came upon an empty elevator. The Stormtroopers not in possession of any of the hostages cleared a path for their comrades who did, and they shuffled them onto the lift with barely room to spare. The doors noiselessly closed behind them and the elevator rumbled to life, ascending several flights up. 'Mum, where are we going?' Amidala spoke to Rey in her mind, sounding agitated and nervous. 'I'm not sure. To see General Hux, I would imagine...' 'What for? What does he want with us?' 'I'm not sure of that either,' Rey lied, keeping a sharp eye on Han and Astrid in front of her, both of whom were (thankfully) not offering up another baiting word to their foes. 'Where is Da—he?' her daughter started and quickly corrected herself. 'I don't know, Ami. Stay calm. We'll know more soon enough.' 'Shouldn't we try to reach out to him again?' 'Not here.' The elevator doors burst open, bringing mother's and daughter's conversation to a standstill. They were hurriedly hustled off the lift into what Rey ascertained to be the ship's navigational control area. The place, dark and forbidding, was flooded with Proclamation personnel, and the only two amongst them who even spared a glance in the family's direction was a beefy-looking redheaded officer hovering over a curious operator a few feet away. The general terminated their conversation, straightened at once, and gave Rey a particularly menacing sneer that left her holding her breath. She knew who this vile man was, of course, though they had never properly met until two days ago. His disdain for their kind—the 'loathsome Resistance' as he called them—made him a considerably unforgettable fellow from both the previous war and the one now brewing. "Well, well, well," he murmured as he fast approached the Solos, the sickening smile lining his thin lips spreading across his pale countenance. "Sir," addressed the head Stormtrooper, who issued a firm raise of his arm in salute to General Hux, "we've recaptured the family as ordered." He and another Stormtrooper shoved Rey to the front of the line, and she purposely put up no resistance. "This is the mother who claims—" "I know who she is, Captain." The head Stormtrooper lowered his helmet in shame, whilst General Hux took a long moment to appraise Rey fully, scanning her up and down with contemptible flair before moving onto her children. When his frigid eyes fell back on Rey again, she noted that they were devoid of what too often never accompanied members of the Proclamation: compassion. "So...the 'girl' the Supreme Leader has been searching for." " What ?" Amidala blurted out before Rey could so much as move her lips. "Silence, you little scum!" the head Stormtrooper snarled at Amidala, placing the hood of his blaster rifle under the girl's chin. "You are not being addressed by his Leadership!" Rey tried to turn her head but was aggressively prodded by another Stormtrooper to keep herself facing forward. She detected minor scuffling from behind, though, as well as some harsh kicking that had Amidala groaning before going silent. Astrid whimpered softly at Rey's side whilst Han made an audible gasp, leaving the Jedi mother to only imagine how badly her daughter had just been jostled about. "Please," she beseeched General Hux, sensing her pleas would likely go unassuaged, "don't hurt my children. They've done nothing for which you should treat them so poorly." "Considering their assistance in aiding your escape—" "I'm their mother ," Rey hissed and clenched her teeth. "Of course I wasn't about to leave without my children—" "Yes, yes," General Hux chuckled unnervingly, taking a pause to toy with his leather gloves before his chilling stare drew back to her, "well, I'm afraid, Girl , we will offer no favours to the likes of you and yours. We won't tolerate any more shenanigans either; not from you or your... precious offspring ." He completed that ominous remark with his nose turned up and his lips pursed together, as though mere mention of Rey's 'offspring' left an unpleasant taste in his mouth. "My family—" Rey tried again, keeping her voice steady, but the speed with which General Hux so easily lost his cool brought her severely up short. " SHUT UP !" He huffed heavily through flared nostrils and bore his teeth; his face turned a shade that was nearly as red as his hair. "You're finished, do you hear? Finished ! We've searched the farthest corners of the galaxy looking for you, you idiot girl, and we'll tolerate no further nonsense! You'll be brought to the Supreme Leader as commanded, and I'll hear nothing more about your wretched pleas! Captain !" The head Stormtrooper startled but quickly recovered. "Sir?" "See that the girl and her offspring are locked in Sector 12 and that they stay there !" Before the Stormtrooper could make a move, however, he added with ominous promise, "Your life will be forfeited if anything should go wrong this time, I can assure you. Understood?" "Yes, sir," the Stormtrooper replied, though the trepidation in his voice wasn't lost on any of the Solos. He clutched onto Rey's arm and started to drag her away, ordering the others under his command to do the same with the children, when another voice, far deeper and more commanding than the general's, suddenly rang out, halting everyone in their tracks. "Just a moment." That sent Rey and the children's heads spinning in the male voice's direction. As they fought to turn around, they spotted Kylo Ren emerging off of the same lift. He paused as he stepped from the elevator, surveying them—his family—in silence with that same unwelcoming air that General Hux carried, only his mask camouflaged any hint of expression. He stalked forward to stand side-by-side with the general, who appeared entirely unravelled by Kylo's unexpected presence. "I require a report." "Oh, for fuck's sake, Ren—" "Why was I not informed that the girl and the offspring had been recaptured?" " Because there wasn't time, damn it !" General Hux countered in the form of a growl. He puffed out his chest, making him—to Rey—more ridiculous looking as he tried to stand his ground before the far more towering (and threatening) Knights of Ren commander. "It would seem the Supreme Leader had enough time to inform me of this chain of events whereas you 've failed. He sent me back here straight away to confirm the information for myself." General Hux's fury deflated like a struck down tie fighter at that, his red beet complexion diminishing to an almost sickening grey. "You wouldn't be trying to take matters into your own hands now, would you, General?" " Of course not !" he hissed at Kylo, glaring on, affronted. "I told you, there wasn't time to send word! Not all of us can use the blasted Force to communicate around here!" "Most unfortunate...for you ." Kylo stretched the tense pause that followed, seeming to take substantial delight in the general's growing uneasiness, before stating, his voice low, yet baleful, "For your sake, General, I suggest you start falling in line. We can afford no further hiccups. The Supreme Leader is most displeased as it is." General Hux went decidedly mute, though his eyes were swarming with unmitigated animosity for his colleague. Unaffected, Kylo turned away to assess Rey and the children. "Where are you taking them?" he inquired, to which the head Stormtrooper awkwardly spoke up when General Hux proved unforthcoming. "Sector 12, sir." "No. Sector 12 is all too familiar to them now. We wouldn't want another escape on our hands, would we? Take them to Sector 15." Rey and the children caught the indignation that flashed across General Hux's disgruntled face, but he didn't contend with Kylo in changing their prison cell location. Instead, he bound his lips securely together. "Yes, sir. Come along, you scum!" Rey and the children found themselves being forcefully taken from Kylo Ren's presence. Astrid started to cry out to him, much to the others' abrupt panic and concern, but a wild startle in the Force left the youth stunned and shutting down, as if an invisible door had been slammed in her face. Rey detested seeing the mixture of hurt and confusion that broke out on poor Astrid's face, but she sensed that Ben despised it—and himself—even more for having to do so to keep his cover in check. Astrid's lower lip quivered but she went quiet, lowering her watery gaze to the floor. 'It's all right, sweetheart,' Rey urged the girl soothingly in her mind. 'It's going to be all right. But not here, Astrid. Not. Here.' Rey and Ben locked eyes on one another for a short, desperate moment, though, to them, it felt closer to an angst-ridden eternity. Then the head Stormtrooper clasping Rey's arms whirled her around and shoved her, along with the children, back onto the lift, breaking the secret couple's contact. Rey eyed her husband over her shoulder and caught a parting glance of his off-putting, sable form just as the elevator doors shut. Although she couldn't read the expression he wore behind that grim mask, his subtle, rigid body language that no one else detected but her spoke for itself: he was petrified. * * * * * * Kylo Ren hadn't emitted a word in hours. Had it been multiple hours or closer to one? Rey had lost track by now; not hard to do when you're sharing a confined space with a known coldblooded killer. He hadn't so much as removed that damned mask of his either, which only perpetuated her unsettledness about the whole situation. In fact, Kylo Ren hadn't stopped her from recollecting her lightsaber up on the hill where they had duelled nor did he attempt any sudden violent moves to overrun Master Luke or herself a second time. To Rey's utter shock—and growing befuddlement—he had slowly, cautiously, and quite simply followed her and Master Luke down the steep hill that led to the hut where Master and Jedi apprentice resided, not conveying anything to either of them or putting up any sort of resistance in the process. He had gone willingly; or so it appeared. Rey made sure to keep a lengthy distance between herself and their cloaked, twisted company, however, refusing to turn her back for so much as a second should Kylo Ren choose to strike. She wouldn't put it past him, after all, even if Master Luke was evidently willing to put his trust in his deranged nephew after nearly being struck down by the loon mere minutes before. What the hell was happening? How had they arrived at the present moment? Had the one-time scavenger stepped through a void and finally entered the realm of Insanity? 'Beats me,' she soon gave up contemplating. Why had Kylo Ren not finished her off up on the hill earlier that evening? Why would he let her live? More to the point, why in the name of Jakku was Master Luke being so trusting of his maniac nephew after just having watched the grown man and his apprentice duke it out for their lives? Rey had prevented Kylo Ren from killing Master Luke, after all, and now her trainer had casually invited the psychopath into their home as though nothing earth-shattering had transpired. 'Insanity!' she concluded, scuffing her boots on the dirt floor as they entered the hut together. Now, she was meticulously chewing her food and staring Kylo Ren down from across the small wooden table that divided them. Master Luke sat at the opposite end, in between them, with his legs crossed and seemingly perfectly at ease. Kylo Ren hadn't touched the platter of food his uncle offered him. In fact, all he had done since entering their home was to stare on at both of them without speaking; ogling without visibly drawing breath. Whatever he was thinking or conspiring over, his mind was—unsurprisingly—closed off to Rey and Master Luke. The Darkness radiating off of him had markedly reduced, too, but it most certainly was still floating about, tapping at the ridges of Rey's mind and putting her more and more on edge as the minutes crawled by. Rey was ready for any sudden moves. Her trusty lightsaber remained nestled at her side, apt to be drawn should Kylo Ren decide to go in for another kill. And a kill Rey was certain of, even if her own master wasn't. Kylo Ren knew of nothing else but to take, take, and take. 'Bastard.' "Will you not drink something, Ben?" Master Luke prodded, disrupting the uncomfortable silence that had become the atmosphere inside their toasty hut. The soft crackling of a nearby fire was the only reply. Kylo Ren gave a slight turned of his head, and Master Luke pressed him again. "Surely, if not hungry, you must be thirsty for something by now?" Again, there was no response. That dome-like mask turned to Rey once more, and she felt the presence of the Force draw near, debauched and ill-intended, prickling at her senses. Her smart eyes narrowed as she swallowed the last remnants of her food before she hissed, "You won't get inside my head." She shot him a bitter, cocksure smile as well. "Not this time. Not ever again." Master Luke let forth a small noise but Kylo didn't offer his own retort. Rey gave up their staring contest with a roll of her eyes. She scooted onto her knees, intending to clear hers and Master Luke's plates from the table, when, to both of their amazements, Kylo finally addressed them. "You think I consider that a misfortune of some kind?" Rey stilled at once, feeling the heat in her cheeks rising. "I think you'd consider not being able to torture someone a most terrible misfortune, yes." Kylo tilted his head and, after a pause, posed an unexpected question to her, "You presume I enjoy it?" "Oh, yes," Rey didn't hesitate to fire back. She knew she ought to placate the emotional uprising this Knight of Ren was feeding her but, at the moment, she was too spent to dispatch the energy needed to do so. "You really think people to be so one-noted?" "Not people, just you." "You seem to have given me a lot of thought." Rey shrugged. "I don't give you much thought at all, to be honest." There was the suggestion of a smirk to Kylo's tone when he responded, his rich voice oozing with disdain, "That feeling's mutual." "Good." Now boiling with rage, Rey scurried to her feet and stomped out of sight, throwing back the threadbare curtain that led into a tightly compacted kitchenette, though it hardly functioned as such. She deposited hers and Master Luke's plates into a bucket, and the grubby water splashed her pants. 'That wretched, vile, odious, no good monster!' she cursed internally. She grasped the ledge of a table with both hands to still her ragged breathing, closing her eyes and listening to the calming will of the Light. 'Oh, for goodness' sake!' It was useless to meditate with Kylo's negative energy hovering so close by. She would have to leave the premises in order to reground herself, and yet, chancing leaving Master Luke alone with this unhinged creature was most definitely out of the question. Resigned, though thoroughly disappointed, Rey returned to the sitting area, where Master Luke and Kylo still resided, not conversing with each other but seated on the floor in their same positions. Kylo's head turned upward towards Rey as she re-entered the room, but she averted his uneasy gaze. Merely glancing at the man was enough to send her emotions into a tizzy, so she exercised caution as she resumed her spot on the floor across from him. She stared determinedly at the various grooves and grains in the wood, listening and connecting to the energy around them, feeling its dramatic fluctuations. She had noted earlier how the Force never felt as restless as it did with Kylo Ren hanging around. His energy was stormy, torn, agitated; it seemed divided between accepting the Light that otherwise occupied this cosy space or asserting his Darkness further. Perhaps he was merely testing the wavelengths... 'Biding his time, more like,' Rey surmised as she bit her inner cheek. "Well, if you won't eat or drink anything, you must surely be in need of rest?" Master Luke piped up after a couple more uninterrupted minutes of awkward silence. Rey peered across the table but found Kylo's attention diverted towards his uncle now. "I'll make up the spare bed for you. Come." With some difficulty, Master Luke shifted out of his cross-legged position and, leaning on the aid of his walking stick, rose to his full height. Rey flinched when Kylo suddenly stirred as well. Her hand grabbed her lightsaber, prompting Kylo, who saw the Padawan learner start and reach for her weapon, halt on one bent knee. He stared hard at this strange, fascinating young woman who was coming into her own, and only beginning to test her powers, though she, in turn, couldn't ascertain whatever facial expression lay beyond the fallen Jedi's façade. He gradually stood, which Rey allowed, and it was then that she realised that he hadn't drawn his own weapon to defend himself. Her fingers loosened their grip around her lightsaber, but she wasn't foolish enough to let go of it completely. Gracing her with one last lingering stare, Kylo retreated from her presence, following Master Luke as he pulled back a curtain on the opposite end of the room and headed to the back of the hut. Rey released a groan and rubbed at her forehead. This evening had sparked a turn of events that were more than Rey had ever bargained for. Not only would Kylo Ren be staying the night, but there was no telling what might develop from here. 'Great! Could things possibly get worse?' Rey's conscience came down hard on her own rhetorical question. 'Of course they can get worse, Rey, and, if that be the case, Kylo Ren will most definitely have everything to do with it!' * * * * * * Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) Ben marched down the stairs, trying not to hurry or appear as if he had any covert reason to rush. That sort of behaviour would only raise suspicion from those around him, not the least of which any of General Hux's modest selection of intelligence personnel at Star base, whom Ben was keenly aware of being their primary person of interest. That power-hungry, paranoid cretin was so thirsty to catch 'Kylo Ren' in the wrong—so desperate for anything he could potentially use against him at a later date—that it was imperative for Ben to stay three lengths ahead at all times. He slowed his pace a little more, though his steady steps didn't match the spinning wheels turning over and over in his mind. Rey, the children... Hopefully the stairs would afford his reeling thoughts to figure things out; to form a solution to this most dire of problems that now lay in his hands. The odds were heavily stacked against them, of course, which didn't alleviate his racing heart or heavy breathing when he thought of all that was at stake...should he not free Rey, his son, and his daughters from their terrible fates. How could he not fret outwardly, if only a little? His family's lives were up for grabs. How the hell did they wind up back here? Ben had been certain the Falcon would outrun their tie fighters by hundreds of miles. All had appeared to be in Rey and the children's favour when he had been unexpectedly summoned away from Star base to answer Snoke's call. Ben hadn't expected to return carrying the distressful news of his family being retaken by their foes. This wasn't how matters were supposed to pan out. They should never have been anywhere near here in the first place, damn it! Ben started to coil his fingers into fists as he reached the bottom step but, luckily, caught his stressing conduct that was simmering to the surface and stifled it as best he could manage. He inhaled several calculated, deep breaths, trying to relax the nagging tensions in his neck, shoulders, and back. They were persistent. He hadn't thought much on the niggling pains resulting from Snoke's latest dissatisfaction session; not since his master's Force-sensitivity expertise had intercepted news from Star base regarding the status of the Solo family and ordered Kylo Ren to return to his ship, which he had done whilst practically crawling on his hands and knees. He wouldn't see to his own hapless needs now, however. They could surely wait; there was nothing for it. The same objective that had been running through Ben's mind days before, when his family had first been handed over to General Hux's forces, was stuck on repeat as he glided around a corner and took off towards Sector 15: Get them out of here. Get them as far away from here as possible. Get them home. 'I'm coming,' he spoke softly into the void, hoping that not only his wife and eldest daughter could hear his words but that his two younger children, who weren't Force-sensitive, might perceive them as well. If anyone else was listening in, Kylo Ren's call would have sounded cold, without feeling, possibly (hopefully) threatening. 'I'm coming for you...' * * * What does Snoke want with Mum? Does Dad know? Surely, he must! In her desolate cell not far away, which consisted of nothing but steel grey, supposedly impenetrable barriers and no viewports, Amidala's back stiffened against the farthest wall where she sat. That voice... The hairs on the back of her neck stood on end. She had heard that voice before—at a variety of times in the past, well before she ever discovered her Force-sensitive gifts. In fact, she had thought she heard him coming through earlier that day when she had placed her trembling hands on one of the Falcon's gunners for the first time, telling her to trust her instincts and when to strike. It sounded like her father, of course, but then... Why don't I trust it at all? Was it because of who Kylo Ren had turned out to be, a horrifying and life-changing discovery Amidala and her siblings had only uncovered days ago? The shock had been acute and excruciating to come to grips with, and it hadn't fully sunk in yet. Still, the prickling on the back of the young Padawan's neck wouldn't placate. Her arms inadvertently looped tighter around her long legs, which she hugged protectively to her chest. She couldn't explain away the bad feeling churning the pit of her stomach. She had felt it before, when she first came to Proclamation's Star base; but there had been no time to ask her parents questions. They were all too busy fighting to free themselves of this hideous place. Amidala's frown deepened as she felt the negativity in the Force closing in. No... I definitely don't trust it at all. Notes: A/N #2 : Your feedback is greatly appreciated... And, again, my Tumblr is here if you care to come join me! Chapter 7 Notes: A/N : Between a really hectic work schedule and my seven-month old nephew winding up in the hospital with pneumonia, this chapter took longer to write than anticipated. However, I appreciate everyone who has reviewed and expressed an interest in this story so far, and that 's what's kept me plugging away at it, so please don't stop leaving me your thoughts ! Also, be sure to check out a lovely collage of images by cosette-giry on Tumblr that were put together of my dear OCs, the little Solos, in this story! They're absolutely wonderful and I so appreciate them! Disclaimer : Star Wars is copyrighted to and belongs to George Lucas, Disney, etc. I'm just playing with one of their cruisers and enjoying myself. No money, just fun. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 7 "Because of love, of course. The more you love something, the harder it is to lose." ―Ava Dellaira Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) Rey had her head raised and her eyes firmly glued to the hefty metal door before it flew open at the touch of his command. She knew Ben was approaching her cell; she had sensed his coming footsteps before they made themselves audibly known to her listening ears. She didn't require the telepathic confirmation either that he would be with her soon, but it had been immensely comforting to receive, nonetheless. Now, 'Kylo Ren' stood before her, as emotionally stunted and still as someone frozen in carbonite as the door shut behind him and whiffed at the bottom of his tattered robes. That stark, heavily guarded ensemble was something Rey had long despised, but she had learned many years ago to let the particulars of Ben's compromising role go, no longer permitting their appearance—or, in this case, reappearance—to creep under her skin as they so often used to. Even with his mask solidly blocking his expression, Rey could visualise what lay beyond the veil: fear; horror; disbelief that she and the children had been recaptured after such painstaking efforts had been made to escape Proclamation's Star base. Rey quickly scrambled to her feet and dashed into the man's arms. They wrapped themselves around her back, long and sturdy, and cradled her possessively to his chest. Rey didn't mind. She heard him take several rapid breaths through the communicator behind his mask and waited. At first, Ben said nothing, seemingly content to merely tighten his all-consuming grip around her petite frame, as if terrified that loosening his hold on his wife might render his arms suddenly empty. "I'm sorry," Rey whispered and craned her neck to nuzzle against his; he was practically hunched over as his towering figure strained to embrace her with all of his might. "I'm sorry, Ben... We tried." " What happened ?" he demanded in that deep, robotic voice that was his mask's communicator, managing to sound both exasperated and shocked. Rey reared back, but Ben wasn't about to relax his posture. She stared up at his masked countenance, still sensing the alarm and panic that wasn't being shown. "The Falcon's hyperdrive failed us. Ami and I tried to fight off the tie-fighters but... There were just too many of them." Ben peered down at her, not speaking or audibly breathing, so Rey carried on, pressing her dainty fingers into his rigid lower back as she spoke calmly, "The kids were banged up pretty badly. They kept putting up a fight—" "And you..." he interrupted, his voice soft and restrained. His gloved hand suddenly appeared at her face and gently brushed along the gash in Rey's upper lip. She had all but forgotten being struck by the Stormtrooper earlier. "It's nothing," she made to insist, feeling the Force-sensitive anger manifesting from her husband's side. " This cut is hardly 'nothing' ," he hissed defensively. "Ben, easy. It's just a cut—" " What else did they do to you ?" "Nothing! I'm fine!" She snatched up his hand that was holding fast to her and gave it a strong, reassuring squeeze. " I'm all right ," she maintained, though in a much softer register this time. Ben's stiff upper body began to unravel. His hands, arms, and shoulders visibly shook, and Rey heard him issue a couple more strained, quivering breaths before he lowered his head. Rey dug her fingers further into his back and, again, pressed his hand with the other. "And you," she murmured after a short pause, surveying him up and down with care; upon closer inspection, she noted how poorly he was carrying himself, "you're hurt." He tensed at her observance, and Rey knew she had hit a nerve; she felt the force of his mental shields pushing her backward, prompting her to press him to communicate. "What did he do to you this time?" "It's nothing," he stated, unemotional, repeating Rey's exact words but with a hint of mockery that saw her glaring heatedly up into his mask. "That isn't fair, Ben..." "You needn't concern yourself with me. We need to focus on getting you and the kids the hell out of here, Rey—" "Ben, please, tell me what he's done?" "Later. It's not important," he insisted and seized her by both arms. "You need to get as far away from here as possible. Snoke will be coming soon." A shiver shot down the length of Rey's spine at the utterance of that foul ghoul's name. Ben's words repeated like blasters in her head: 'Snoke will be coming soon.' Time was suddenly slowing to a crawl, leaving Rey feeling utterly powerless to speed things along. She, too, reached out and clutched Ben by his arms, sucking in an unsteady breath as she tossed her concerns momentarily to the back of her mind in order to focus on their next crucial steps. "What are we to do? The Falcon won't run, Ben." Ben thought for a moment, Rey's inwardly terrified, yet outwardly fearless expression reflecting upon his mask where his face ought to be. "My ship," he finally declared, catching the reservations that flashed across his wife's eyes. "You'll seize my ship." * * * * * * Rey bundled her blanket tighter around herself and shut her eyes. Less than a minute later, the blanket was wrestled free of her own grasp and kicked down to her ankles. She huffed in frustration and shot upright on her lumpy mattress on the floor, with a deeply-etched scowl and sleep-deprived look about her person. It would have easily sent anyone nearby scurrying for the hills. Perhaps anyone except Kylo Ren. What's the point in trying to sleep? Rey wondered. She wouldn't get a wink's rest with that deranged commander supposedly 'sleeping' in the next room over from her. If Kylo Ren was to be staying feet away from her and Master Luke then she would remain awake for as long as humanly possible, not taking a chance on a few minutes' rest if it meant the difference between life and death. Being assassinated whilst she slept wasn't exactly appealing nor desired, so Rey easily renounced sleep for the time being and settled for glaring at the frayed curtain that separated her from her potential killer for the remainder of that first unforgettable night in the hut. Why is he staying? she kept going over and over in her head, though to no satisfying conclusion. What's his angle? Why would he give up the fight so easily? There must be something ! Kylo Ren had retired to the extra mattress in Master Luke's quarters hours ago, and yet, Rey hadn't heard a thing coming from that room since. She could detect faint snoring, but that was all. Was Kylo Ren actually asleep; or was he awake like her and waiting for her to let her guard down so that he might finally finish them off? Didn't he intend on killing her and Master Luke as had surely been his original plan? At the very least, wouldn't he plan on taking them back to Snoke? 'Change of plans,' came an unexpected, low voice in her head. Rey startled. In a second, her lightsaber was in her hand and bursting with blue light, and her heart was thumping twice as hard as before. 'Put that away,' he replied with an irritated growl. 'I have no intention of assassinating you in your sleep, girl.' 'Good to know, but I'm not a gullible fool and I sure as hell don't believe you!' she shot back, unnerved that he had heard her private musings. She had thought her mental shields were considerably tough to penetrate, but apparently Kylo Ren had been able to get inside her head without so much as making himself known. She felt both suddenly terrified and exposed. 'Your loss of proper sleep then.' He sounded bored, which aggravated her further. 'I'll take it!' She added, giving a perceptible huff into the night air, 'And stay the hell out of my head!' 'With pleasure, but you should better occlude your thoughts if you don't wish for me to hear them. Your mind is rather loud and obnoxious.' A far more colourful remark came to mind but Rey refrained by biting hard on her lower lip. After getting her heart rate back to a more reasonable rhythm, she let her lightsaber snuff out but stayed upright and rooted to her bed, watching the threadbare curtain feet away through suspicious, slit-like eyes. If it was Kylo Ren's intention to drive her to paranoia and utter madness, Rey begrudged that, so far, he was succeeding. * * * * * * Two Days Prior to Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) "Y - Y - You !" Amidala stammered, breathless, whilst pointing a quivering finger at the formerly masked, evil commander who had revealed his identity in her holding cell. The sudden exposure had sent the young Padawan toppling backward against the wall, stunned and appalled by what she saw. She heard him gently call her name in that loving, kind-hearted register she recognised as belonging to her father and blinked hard to will the horrid image away. It wasn't working, though. He still stood a few feet from her—her father—only he wasn't her father at all. Instead, he was dressed as that deplorable monster known throughout the galaxy as Kylo Ren; as the sinister, fallen Jedi whose ruthless deeds gave children nightmares and kept parents up at night, watching the skies lest he should come to terrorise their families. This isn't real! her mind was shrieking. THIS ISN'T REAL! "Ami, listen..." He started to take a small, cautious step towards her, but Amidala skidded and pressed her back further against the durasteel wall, though there was nowhere to go. "NO!" she exclaimed, her round, dark eyes practically bugging out of their sockets. "St - Stay back! Stay away from me!" "Ami, it's all right," he tried to reassure her, easing another step forward with his hand outstretched. Amidala kept her head bravely raised but the rest of her body visibly trembled as he approached. It gnawed Ben's insides to see his eldest child retreating from him, and yet, he didn't—and couldn't—condone her ill reaction to seeing him this way for the first time. "It's all right," he repeated quietly, desperately wanting to reach her. "It's me, Ami. It's me ." "NO! GET AWAY!" Staggering sideways, Amidala backed herself into the farthest corner of her cell, eyes petrified with fear; but there was something else surfacing that forced Ben to halt in his tracks. He could easily put a name to it, for it was a debilitating struggle that had plagued him for most of his life (that was, until Rey came along and changed his outlook on everything): anger. Consuming, uncontrolled, wild rage that was not only materialising on Amidala's contorted face but also penetrating the confined room they shared, intent to alter the mood and make matters worse. Much, much worse. "Ami," Ben tried once more to reach his daughter, speaking in a low, collected tone, "please, don't be frightened. It's your father; it's me. I promise, I won't hurt you." "NO! You - You - You're him !" Her voice suddenly broke and it took all of Ben's willpower not to rush at his daughter and scoop her up in his arms. "All this - this time, you - you were him !" Tears prickled her eyes, which frantically darted back and forth between his distinguishable face—a face she had thought to be warm and compassionate and loving all her life—and the bone-chilling mask of Kylo Ren that was slung beneath his arm. Her mind was scrambling to make sense of how the two men could possibly be the same individual and Ben noted her mental struggle, wishing nothing more than to alleviate her pain and confusion. "Ami, it's all a cover—" "BUT IT'S YOU !" she shrilled, pointing at the mask more determinedly. "You're... You're Kylo Ren!" Her mouth drew open in shock and dismay, and the sore expression that soon took shape left Ben nearly shattered. "How could you?" The question was small, terribly quiet and fragile, like a faint star burning out. In that moment, Ben could only stare; stare at the silent tears trickling down Amidala's handsome countenance; at the stabbing sense of betrayal being projected in her watery eyes. A combination of reds and blues danced before his sight, playing on his daughter's anguish and injury at being so horribly deceived. And she has been betrayed; they all have , Ben lamented to himself, thinking painfully on his two other children whom he had yet to disclose this identity to. How was he to go forward from here? It had been absurd, and yet, absolutely necessary to Ben to reveal himself to the children when they were taken hostage. Rey had been reluctant with his decision but supported him, nevertheless; he only wished she could be here now, occupying this cell with him at this very moment instead of being locked up where she was, to help their daughter understand. Get them out of here , his conscience reminded him, willing him not to crumble. Get them home. They have to trust you. Revealing the face behind Kylo Ren hadn't been in Ben's plans, but with his wife and children unexpectedly snatched by the Proclamation, a dire situation forced the double agent's hand. It was the only way to gain their confidence—or so he had told Rey when he first suggested the idea—and he had had to keep reiterating that end goal to himself before entering Amidala's cell. He had thought Amidala might take the news better than the younger ones, though, and if this was the gut-wrenching reaction he was to expect from the littler ones he so loved as well, how could he possibly tell Han and Astrid, too? Ben clenched his jaw and finally replied, his voice soft and subdued, "I... I did what I had to do, Ami." Amidala's brow furrowed, not following. "So...you became this - this monster? You became Commander of the Proclamation? You joined the Dark Side? How could you, Dad ?" "Ami—" "They're evil! YOU 'RE EVIL!" Brought up short by that acid remark, Ben saw no point in contending it. His daughter may be young and naïve about most things, but she was correct on this one: he was evil. Well, Kylo Ren was evil. "I..." Ben started to explain, but the words he needed were nowhere to be found. He struggled to keep his gaze steady and on Amidala; to keep his mind on the intent. "You're right, little star," he bemoaned and slightly slumped his shoulders, "Kylo Ren is evil but... But I'm not. I promise you, I'm not..." "That doesn't make any sense!" she choked, pushing her back tighter into the corner. "Ami, what I do I do to protect you, your sister, your brother, and your mother." "Protect me?" Amidala startled Ben by cracking up. The laughter was crazed rather than her usual whimsical sort; the kind that normally made the reformed Jedi's heart lighter to hear. "By plotting Darkness and destroying planets and—" "Ami, listen—" "—and killing any of those who stand in the Proclamation's way?" she screamed over him. "Kylo Ren is an enemy of the Resistance and a murderer! YOU 'RE A MURDERER!" " I'm not that person, Ami !" Ben beseeched before going abruptly quiet and still, barely able to utter a soft-pleading, "Not... Not anymore." He lowered his gaze at last, unable to bear the hate and resentment that was swarming in Amidala's eyes. "How can you say that? Just look at you!" She gave a defining jolt to the negative energy that was churning about the room, prompting Ben to swiftly raise his eyes. If her emotions spiralled out of control, there was no telling what her Force-sensitive powers might unleash, and that was the last thing Ben wanted. Amidala gave a dramatic sweep of her arm, too caught up in the trauma of seeing her father dressed as Kylo Ren to notice the fluctuating energy, emphasising the fragmented black robes he wore; that unmistakable mask that had, for so long, hid his true identity; the deadly lightsaber positioned in its' hoister on his right side. She stared up at him, disbelief and fury flashing across her features. "M - Mum said you were on our side! You both made me believe—" "I am on your side, Ami! I swear it!" "NO, YOU'RE NOT! YOU'RE A LIAR IS WHAT YOU ARE!" Deflated, Ben sighed and turned away from her. He flung his mask with more force than he had intended, and it landed on the duracrete floor with a deafening series of thuds; but Ben didn't care if his disguise was further damaged. He needed to get his family to safety; he needed Amidala to put her fears and anger aside long enough to simply see this escape operation through. "Yes, I'm a liar," he confessed without meeting her hard gaze, clenching his jaw as he spoke. "I'm not who you thought I was, Ami. I have a past that will disgust and disappoint you. I've done horrible things; things you don't yet know about. Kylo Ren is a part of my past. I... I've changed, though, Ami. Of that, I swear to you it's true!" He turned his head towards her, detesting the revulsion still present on his eldest child's face. Still, he couldn't blame her. "I'm sorry, Ami... I'm so sorry for not being the father you deserve. I've tried to be; I've tried to be better, honest! "And I'm sorry for springing this on you but...it was the only way to get you to follow my lead. Without my help, you, your sister, your brother, and your mother will never make it out of here, do you understand? I know I don't deserve it but I need you to trust me one last time! I want to get you out of here, but you and your siblings need to see who I am or there would be no way I could convince the three of you to go along with the plan! Can't you see?" "We don't need your help!" Amidala snarled through gritted teeth, crossing her arms over her chest and scowling at him with such loathing that Ben found it alarmingly uncanny; had he not thrown his mother and father that look of pure hatred on more than one occasion? Now you can surely understand how they must have felt , he lamented, finding the similarity excruciating to swallow. "Yes, you do , Ami," he tried to reason with her. He drew closer, ignoring Amidala's growing distemper. "This Star base is too vast and too polluted with personnel for you to get far on your own. You'd never make it to the main hanger. Not without me as your guide." Amidala pursed her lips, obviously vexed by that point of contention, and looked away. "I'll do whatever Mum wants us to do," she consented, though bitterly. "Not you." Ben sighed. He would take it. It was a start—a meagre acknowledgement of (somewhat) compliance—so he chanced inclining closer still. Amidala kept herself firmly rooted to the corner of her cell, refusing to meet his face. "I need to speak to your brother and your sister, and then your mother and I will devise how best to get you out of here, all right?" Amidala stubbornly abstained from answering him, however. Ben, quickly tiring of his daughter's negative energy, and the fact that she wasn't doing anything about it, used his Force sensitivity and lashed out at its advancement. It immediately curled up and backed out of the room, much like a person who had had been unexpectedly smacked across the face. Amidala started, blinked, and drew her heated eyes back to her father, taken aback by his aggressive swipe at her energy but also that she hadn't noticed how out of control it had gotten until now. "All right?" she heard him repeat to her in a much stricter tone. After a tense pause, Amidala offered a defeated-sounding, "Fine. Whatever." Ben wasn't finished, though. "Ami," he whispered, yearning, hoping against hope that he hadn't permanently damaged his relationship with his daughter. She stared at him, waiting for him to speak but without any lesser hostility. "I know you're angry with me... You have every right to be, but I need you to put that aside for now and not let this cloud your judgment. Please... Until you're safe and far away from this place, you're Force sensitive powers can get you into a whole lot of trouble; trouble I may not be able to get you out of, do you hear? You must stay sharp and... And listen to your mother, if not me. Do you understand me?" Amidala wavered, leaving Ben momentarily uncertain if she would get fresh with him again, scorn him for being a 'monster' (which was no less than he deserved in his mind), or readily comply as he hoped she would. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, she lowered her arms and let a few lingering tears trickle down her cheeks. She appeared defeated and deeply upset, but she silently nodded her head, giving her quiet consent. It took all of Ben's willpower to turn on the spot and leave. He had hoped to hug it out—to offer his daughter the comfort and confidence she so desperately needed—but she didn't seem to want anything from him now but his absence. He forced each foot backward and, with tremendous difficulty, turned his back, picked up his mask, and made for the door. Her choking sobs stopped him short of exiting her cell. At her soft cries, he spun around, distressed, and found that Amidala had sunk to the floor and curled herself into a protective ball. She began furiously sobbing into her chest, her tortured face hidden from view; but her anguished cries spoke for themselves. Ben rushed forward and knelt down before her, pushing his mask aside, though Amidala was crying too hard and too forcefully to detect how close he was to her. Without any painstaking caution this time, Ben eased his hands around her small, quivering shoulders and left several fervent kisses atop her head. "I'm so sorry, Ami." He pushed the words out, finding his voice hoarse and the process of speaking trying. "I never wanted to hurt you. I promise you, I'll explain everything. There's no time now, but I will make this up to you. You have my word, all right?" He heard her sobs quiet a little and stated, in a throaty, stricken whisper, "I love you...so much..." Ben pecked the top of her head one last time and reluctantly pulled away from her, only to find his efforts suspended by Amidala, who yanked at the fabric on his arms and pulled him back to her. He quickly wrapped his arms around her and let her continue to cry into his chest. A minute or so later, she replied tearfully back, "I love you, too, Dad." Ben burrowed his own tears behind all of his daughter's long hair and gently rocked them back and forth. * * * Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) Amidala leaned her head back against one of the walls of her cell. Perhaps she should attempt meditation. Her mind and body were understandably anxious and tense. She unconsciously chewed the inside of her cheek and rocked herself back and forth. Neither coping mechanisms put her any more at ease, though. Relax. Mum's here... Da— He's here... Everything's going to be okay. Amidala let forth a long sigh and closed her eyes, loosening her shoulders and wringing her hands before resting them on top of her crossed legs. Think of the ocean... Remember how they always described it? Clear, azure waters... Clean, fresh air... The wind serene and soft as it blows on your neck— 'Ami?' Amidala's breathing stilled and her eyes flew open. She inadvertently searched the room for any signs of life, knowing full-well that no one was there; but something was there. She rolled her shoulders back and straightened her seated posture. 'Go away,' she commanded as assertively as possible. 'Why?' it answered back, sounding fraudulently crestfallen and weak. 'What have I done now?' 'Nothing. Just... Just go away.' 'You have no need of me?' 'No.' She wasn't aware of holding her breath, which wouldn't allow for proper concentration—at least, not for long. 'I've told you: I want nothing from you.' 'Yes, you do... Search your feelings.' 'Go away,' she ordered again, sensing an uneasy pressure against the tip of her mind. 'I'm always here, Ami. I'll always be here. You can't so easily send me away. Not this time.' 'You can't threaten me.' 'That wasn't a threat, my dear. Shall I give you an example of one of my threats?' Amidala inched backward, though her back was met by impenetrable durasteel. 'No, please,' she begged, her heart racing like a speeder. 'Then don't speak that way to me again.' She gulped and waited, the dreadful silence caving in on her like a shadow swallows light. Finally she asked, 'Wha - What is it you want?' 'You know what I've come for.' 'No! I... I can't! I can't deliver what you want, do you hear? I've told you already! Just leave me alone!' An eerie, quiet snarl met that remark. 'My patience grows thin with you, little Padawan.' 'I've never promised you anything!' ' I 've promised you everything you could ever want, you ungrateful little brat!' 'Ungrateful? How can I be ungrateful when I've told you that I'm not interested!' 'Then why do you keep me hanging about, girl ? Why won't you rid yourself of me once and for all?' 'I... I can't.' She frowned, shivering at the uncomfortable chill that now contaminated the air. Darkness smiled, prodding at the girl's mind and teasing her will. 'You need me,' it snickered triumphantly. 'You want what I'm offering you. No more stalling, Ami. No more games. I've tired of them.' 'I... No. Please...' 'Let me willingly in, and no harm will come to you. Deny me this time, and I can assure you, it won't be pleasant.' Amidala forced back tears. She always suspected it might come to this; it was why her instincts had pleaded with her from the very start to get as far away from this base as possible. Now, she was stuck, unable to break free, and in isolation, far removed from her parents who might otherwise be able to free her of this mental prison. Her impulse was to cry out to them—to beg for their help—but, ultimately, how much good would it do? None , her mind concluded, resigned. It will only hurt them more that they can't prevent it. Amidala sucked in a nervous breath and brought her knees to her chest. 'F - Fine,' she surrendered, relinquishing only some of her mental blocks to the Darkness, which responded with glee. Violent reds twisted and bent before her sight, and then the pressure on her mind grew heavy and as sharp as a blade. She gasped and tightly hugged her knees, cringing as it rummaged abusively through her mind, hungrily probing for what it wanted. It soon let forth a frustrated growl. 'TELL ME,' it hissed, causing her to shake and cower, 'WHO IS YOUR FATHER?' Notes: A/N #2 : Please review, leave kudos, whichever and whatever you're willing to provide... Chapter 8 Notes: A/N : Thank you kindly to those who have and/or continue to review. You encouraged this update more than you probably know. Enjoy... Disclaimer : Star Wars is copyrighted to and belongs to George Lucas, Disney, etc. I'm just playing with one of their cruisers and enjoying myself. No money, just fun. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 8 "He folded his fear into a perfect rose. He held it out in the palm of his hand. She took it from him and put it in her hair." —Arundhati Roy Rey awoke with a powerful jolt, as though she was spiralling downward through a timeless blackhole. She bolted upright in bed, panting madly, and whipped her head back and forth, finding nothing abnormal or askew in her darkened bedroom. As gravity quickly caught up with her fuzzy sight, however, she groaned at the wave of dizziness and sleep deprivation that suddenly hit her like a blaster aimed at the centre of her skull. She gingerly rubbed her forehead in protest. Damn it. How long have I been out? An hour? Maybe two? Rey wasn't sure when exactly she had finally dozed off, but she was certain that the sun had been starting to rise when her heavy eyelids succumbed to sleep. She had meant to stay awake all night, though, and sighed in annoyance. Well...you're still alive and breathing, aren't you? she reminded herself, thoroughly surprised to find that to be the case. Shuffling coming from the next room over forced Rey's weary eyes to reopen. The mouth-watering aroma of breakfast cooking, the light scraping of utensils against tin platters, and Master Luke's soft chattering infiltrated her senses and, with that, Rey was struggling to stand. She grumbled as she staggered and swayed her way to the kitchen, throwing back the curtain to inhale another whiff of that divine breakfast smell. To her utter surprise, Master Luke and Kylo Ren were sitting cross-legged on the floor again in front of the wooden kitchen table, with the small fireplace in the corner emitting some much needed heat into their cosy, tight-knit quarters. Master Luke halted whatever he was in the midst of muttering to Kylo and both men turned their heads to stare up at Rey. "Ahhh, Rey," greeted Master Luke, ushering her forward with a wave of his hand. "I was just about to fix you a plate. I'm afraid there's not much left. I gave most of this morning's meal to Ben here, seeing as he never ate last night. Come, sit. I'll dish you out what's left." Rey conveyed her appreciation with a low grunt and plopped herself down opposite Kylo once more, grumpy and scowling but otherwise diverting her attention to anywhere but his maddening presence. There wasn't much for her eyes to look upon, unfortunately. Master Luke's hut was utterly plain and devoid of personal belongings, containing only the essentials and not much else. "I see you didn't get much sleep," Kylo pointed out once Master Luke had disappeared into the nearby kitchenette. Rey blinked and ogled her adversary, put off by that mechanical voice of his. Why was he even addressing her? "I see you still haven't seen fit to remove your mask," she countered, giving an off-putting nod towards his cold, chrome-shaped cover-up. "Why? Afraid to look us in the eye, perhaps?" Kylo spat nothing sarcastic in return, which Rey admittedly found a tad shocking. He kept his intense gaze on her, though, his Dark energy simmering and swerving about but remarkably tame as compared to when he had first arrived. Even her slight provocation hadn't wobbled his spitfire energy—yet. When Master Luke ambled back into the room a minute or so later, Rey was unnerved that Kylo still hadn't diverted his attention away from her. The aged Jedi, on the other hand, seemed entirely oblivious to the new tension that now hung in the air; or, if he was aware of the fact, he was purposely avoiding paying it any mind. Instead, he encouraged Rey to "eat up!" Rey didn't hesitate. She had just taken up her fork and first bite of food when Kylo made a sudden move that had her eyes instantly dashing back to him, this time with heated suspicion. She didn't snatch up her lightsaber this time, however, for he quickly revealed both gloved hands, neither of which were armed. Rather, they were reaching for his mask. Its mechanisms warped and clicked out of joint at his light touch before he was able to pull the seal away from his face, revealing a startling sight that turned the meshed spoonful of oats seated on Rey's tongue to ash. The scar... Rey had forgotten all about the facial laceration she had given Kylo the first time they had duelled each other months ago on Starkiller base. How could you forget about that scar? "Lucky for you," came his snippy reply to her inner thoughts, his hard, pale countenance void of any emotion. "I, on the other hand, am not so fortunate as to conveniently forget this." He gestured to the unsightly, brutal marking that ran diagonally across the length of his face and then turned to his full platter of food, ignoring Rey. That made Rey even more uncomfortable. Was that why he had kept his mask on: because of his scar; a scar she had tainted him with? A pang of guilt began eroding away some of the hatred that had been bubbling and building up within the walls of her chest, and yet, his snide remark also reinforced to Rey why she had been forced to do what she did. It had all been in self-defence, after all, and Rey reminded herself of that sobering fact as she finally swallowed the first bite of her breakfast. "What do you want?" she baited after she had recovered from her start; those hair-raising dark eyes flickered back to her in a flash. "An apology? After trying to kill me, you expect me to feel remorse for the scar I left you with?" Her bright eyes narrowed as they bore resentfully into his. "You deserved what you got." Kylo's complete lack of a response took Rey farther aback, for he merely stared at her, neither with outrage nor incredulity. She blinked several times before binding her lips together. Their quiet exchange was far too discomforting and she wound up blushing despite herself. She wanted to say something else but held back her tongue. She could only hope it wasn't more unnecessary guilt keeping her words at bay. Kylo Ren was the last individual in all of the wretched galaxy who deserved an ounce of her pity. Rather, if anyone should be apologising, it should be him ! Rey told herself, huffing internally. Finding their stare down increasingly uneasy, Rey resumed chewing her food with more severity and only chanced a brief glance or two at Kylo after nearly a minute had passed by in awkward, tense-filled silence. The only sounds that occasionally broke the stillness were the clanging of utensils against plates or mouths softly nibbling on food. Master Luke cleared his throat and moved his meshed oats around his platter but didn't eat much more. Kylo had reluctantly begun grazing his breakfast before tearing into it without any sense of propriety. Evidently, his empty stomach had gotten the better of his stubborn resolve not to accept Master Luke's former offerings and Rey quietly snorted at that. She had no idea what Master Luke planned to serve their unwanted guest next, but she could only pray that it wouldn't include her. No, thank you! * * * Apparently, Rey's desperate prayers weren't to be granted. She groaned as she followed Master Luke and Kylo out of the hut and onto the fresh, rolling hillside, the fierceness of the ocean breeze thrashing like frozen fractals against any exposed skin. Rey ignored the icy chill on this morning. Master Luke had something in mind to teach her today and, though she was most reluctant to go along with the befuddling man's plans, especially if they were to involve Kylo Ren in any capacity, she reservedly tagged along, forcing each step forward. They didn't have to walk far. Master Luke stopped near the start of the hill, prompting Kylo and Rey to halt as well. Rey took several additional paces sideways, sharply glancing at Kylo out of the corner of her eye. He had placed his mask back on his face as they exited the hut but still appeared entirely out of his element, probably confounded and uncomfortable by the looks of his slanted, clamped up stance. He stood like an airtight compartment compromised strictly of black robes that rippled and billowed as violently as his flighty emotional state had proven. "Now then," Master Luke piped up rather jovially, placing his walking stick against one arm so that he could clap his hands together. Rey raised a perplexed eyebrow. What the hell was there to be cheerful about? "I want you to practice channelling one another's Light energy. Rey, you've been working on this for some time; you know what to do." He turned to Kylo and his conduct turned stiff. "Ben, um... I know it's been some time since you've, erm, well... Since you've attempted any use of the Light side of the Force but—" "I have no need of your lectures, old man," he interrupted with churlish disregard. "I've heard them all too many times before." Master Luke lowered his eyes a fraction. "Yes, well..." he croaked awkwardly before settling for silence. "Then what are you waiting for?" Rey proposed, purposely goading Kylo on, which earned her his direct attention; his mask slightly turned towards her. "That is, if you know everything there is to know then let's get started, shall we?" There was a short pause before Kylo answered, his deep register both provocative and baleful-sounding to her ears, "As you wish." "Just a moment!" Master Luke made to butt in, throwing his hands up in the air, but he was too quickly overruled by his younger company. In the next suspenseful seconds, Rey had raised her arm, Kylo following marginally thereafter, and the two were suddenly grasping at air, their straightened arms quivering and their fingers furling and unfurling as they stared, fixated, on the seemingly empty centre between them. Although Kylo's face was unreadable, his posture was now anchored and concentrated, mirroring Rey's focused, twisted expression and furrowed brow. At first, Rey sought to clutch Kylo's Light as her master had instructed, but she soon drew back, stumped by its near invisibility. Its luminosity was about as effective as a few specks of dust captured under a full ray of light, and both its miniature size and lack of brilliance caught Rey entirely off her guard. It paled in comparison to Master Luke's Light Force, the only other Force-sensitive person with whom she had ever practiced this exercise on. Shouldn't you be more shocked that he has any Light left in him at all? her shrewd mind advised her, countering the initial shock of her discovery, to which Kylo hissed with displeasure. On the other hand, Rey's immense ball of Light easily overpowered the gap separating them, dancing like the sun itself about the space as it effortlessly fed off of Kylo's far less positive energy, much like an adult might allure a cantankerous child with the promise of sweets. Every time Kylo drew a touch closer to Rey's brilliance, her Light would evade him, fluttering away like taunting laughter on the wind. It wasn't long before Kylo tired of this mental game. With a blood-curdling growl, he suddenly lurched at Rey's Light, wrestling her for a mere fraction of its brilliance. His parched, deprived energy was thirsty for it, clawing at her Light and wanting to wrestle it into submission. His energy had rapidly spiralled into a wild, untamed beast, startling Rey and heightening her mental shields. She fought back. Her lips curled back like a ferocious Nexu, her teeth bared and clenched. Her Light pawed at Kylo, striking him with such force that he physically lost his balance. He teetered backward a few steps and dropped his hand to his side. Their connection was instantly severed, and Rey's Light skidded to be by her side once more. Both she and Kylo were panting heavily, their bodies rigid and on edge as they stared down one another, motionless. Sweat had broken out on Rey's forehead, but she wasn't yet aware of how challenging a mental exercise she had just undertaken. She was too distracted by Kylo—or what she could discern from that emotionless, cold-blooded mask of his—listening to his perturbed, erratic breathing and pointed glances that reverted from her to a pensive-looking Master Luke and then back to her again. "Well..." Master Luke's voice penetrated the uneasy silence after a pause. Rey's eyes fell on her teacher, waiting, but he was gazing at the centre between them and stroking his grey, bristly beard. "That was...not what I wanted, Ben..." Rey didn't miss how Kylo's broad shoulders drew back and his hands fisted into two tight balls. Otherwise, he remained perfectly still. Master Luke blinked, as if coming out of a trance, and turned his attention to his nephew, issuing a critical frown Rey recognised; she had been on the receiving end of that look more times than she cared to recount. "The idea was for you to channel Rey's Light, not try to steal it from her." "I wasn't trying to 'steal' anything!" he snarled back, clearly nettled by such an accusation, which Rey couldn't help finding amusing. Despite the foreboding communication device coming from the man's mask, that full-blown exasperation made Kylo sound more like a petulant child on the verge of a temper tantrum than the highly feared Commander of the First Order. Evidently, she was the only one of the three to find it humouring. "Then what were you trying to accomplish?" Master Luke pressed, exercising a level of patience that Rey knew not. "I..." Kylo sharply turned his head, facing Rey head-on, but whatever he intended to say was abruptly lost. "Forget it." He waved his hand at her dismissively. "This has been a complete waste of my time." Rey easily rose to Kylo's instigating words. "Oh, yeah? Then why are you still here ?" Kylo's fists coiled tighter still. His negative energy seethed and resurfaced but with an enhanced fury not previously unleashed. "It's no concern of yours , scavenger scum!" Rey's eyes were ablaze. She recklessly hunched forward, as though she was about to pounce. Kylo, too, threw back his shoulders and squared off against her, at the ready. " 'Scavenger scum' ?" she growled and started to glide towards him. "Why, you stuck up, hideous, vile—" " That's enough !" All of sudden, Master Luke's blue lightsaber had been drawn, blistering the crackles and sparks that had ignited between his nephew and his apprentice. His arm reached out in front of Rey to both protect and halt her advance. After floating back to reality from her angry stupor, Rey realised that Master Luke's lightsaber was what had also inevitably stopped Kylo from taking her on. Their fight would have surely been dealt with by use of their bare hands, which made Rey feel all the more foolish for her reaction. Kylo projected what Rey could only describe as another one of his ruthless stares, with that vulgar mask of his, before he spun around and stormed off in the opposite direction. Rey crossed her arms, content to watch him go. Hopefully he'll actually leave the island! she all but sputtered aloud. Master Luke lowered his defences and gathered up his walking stick. Rey was glad that her somewhat senseless teacher had at least decided not to go after his mental case of a nephew this time. He, too, watched Kylo march to the edge of the cliff, where he stopped and stared out at the open sea, unmoving. When the Jedi spoke up, he sounded both gutted and sympathetic, uttering to Rey above the relentless roar of the wind, "Well, that could've gone worse..." Rey snorted and eyed him, dismayed. "You should've let me have a go at him." "And risk you falling prey to his Darkness?" he took her aback by retorting, giving her another one of his disapproving look overs. "No, I don't think so, Rey." "But I wouldn't!" Master Luke's obvious lack of faith brought Rey up short and made her feel considerably smaller than before. "Sometimes your hatred clouds your ability to see, young Padawan. You're very capable, Rey, and you've come far in only a matter of months, but you have a long way to go before you will ever truly be free of the Darkness' seduction. Don't underestimate its power." "I... I won't—" "And don't overestimate your own competence. Overconfidence is a weakness and can only lead to trouble." Rey tightened her jaw defensively. "And what about your nephew?" she challenged, nodding towards the stark, swirling silhouette gazing out at the horizon where the overcast sky met the stormy sea. "What about him ? You saw how he tried to take my Light from me! He was unruly and out of control!" Master Luke's face fell. It was so remarkably sombre and sad that Rey inwardly cursed herself for speaking at him with such frankness. "He didn't want to take away your Light, Rey..." he whispered; she blinked at her master, confused by his assessment of what had happened. "You see, Ben wants so desperately to be a part of it again; a part of the Light. His soul has been deprived of it for so long, and yet, it desires it; he craves the Light. There's a difference." He stared thoughtfully at Kylo's shadow in the distance. Rey, too, fixed the fallen Jedi with her own gaze, one that was now riddled with doubt. "I... I was trying to get him to admit that for himself, but he's just not quite ready yet to face the truth. This will take time; more time than I bargained on." Master Luke slowly moseyed away from Rey's side, his idle steps eventually leading him back inside the hut. Rey's feet rooted themselves to the soft ground, however, her eyes hooked on the colossal contour of Kylo Ren, who seemed to have no intention of moving from his spot near the ledge of the hillside. Was what Master Luke had said true? Had her own animosity and distaste for Kylo Ren genuinely prevented her from differentiating between a man's yearning to return to the Light versus wanting to swallow it whole? For the first time in pondering the disturbing persona that was Kylo Ren, a man whom Rey believed to be a true monster and nothing more, she couldn't decide. That didn't mean she was convinced of Master Luke's sanity; or that Kylo Ren had had an abrupt change of heart in his short time on the island. 'There's a difference,' her master's words kept ringing in Rey's bewildered mind. Yeah, well, best we find out sooner rather than later what Kylo Ren's 'difference' in character and intentions really are...before we wind up as bait for Snoke! * * * * * * Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) Astrid shivered and pulled her tiny, bent legs more securely to her chest. Her holding cell was freezing and hollow, but it wasn't the frigid temperature in the room that saw the skittish five-year old snaking her arms around her petite frame in order to give herself a protective, reassuring hug. She would have preferred the warm arms of her mother or her father, but they were nowhere to be found. Mummy... Daddy... With a troubled frown, the little girl settled her head on top of a small durasteel bench attached to one of the corners of the wall and unconsciously chewed her bottom lip, waiting. There seemed to be a lot of waiting involved in this horribly mean-spirited place where her father resided, and its adverse energy gave Astrid what her brother tended to call 'the creeps'. Occasional eerie squeaks and strange, soft noises caused her heart rate to jump and her frightened, wide eyes to dart about the room, searching for the source of the sounds; but she never found anything—or anyone—there. As soon as she allowed herself to relax—well, at the very least, chanced loosening her self-embrace—she would hear another unwelcoming noise and the panic would snowball all over again. Footsteps came and went but never stopped in front of Astrid's cell. Voices trickled in and out of focus but never resembled someone she knew and loved. The voices so far certainly hadn't belonged to her mother or her father, nor Han or Amidala. Where were they? Where her sister and brother all right? When would her parents come for her as her father had before and get her out of here? Like last time , Astrid bewailed, curling herself into a compact ball whilst whimpering faintly against the bone-chilling silence. She was sorely tempted to cry out to him, though she wasn't even sure how; but then she remembered being in that scary control room hours ago and seeing him disguised as that 'other person'—that haunting, macabre character with the black mask that contained no relatable eyes—and having his ghostly, angry energy shut her down. That had spooked Astrid to her core and she smartly chose against making another go of it. Is he mad at me? What did I do? She tried to recall what her mother had instilled in them quietly as they were led away, about how everything was 'going to be all right'; but she also remembered her mother's committed order not to engage with their father at the time. But why ? she wondered with less and less clarity. Astrid stared at the large shadows that lined her cell, ominous as they intently blocked much of the light. Why had her father done that to her? Her parents and sister often spoke about something called 'the Force'—an energy that one couldn't see, only feel—and her father's own energy, as it came down hard upon her in that moment, hadn't felt at all good. There was none of his warmth or attachment or avid regard. In fact, its aversion and coldness had terrified her, for its forbearance was entirely unlike the last encounter she had had with him before the family made their first blunder of an escape. 'Kylo Ren' had unexpectedly entered Astrid's cell, sending the girl scurrying into a corner in fear. As soon as her cell door closed, however, he promptly removed his mask, and Astrid was startled out of her terror and, rather, soothed by the surprise relief of recognising her father. "Daddy!" she squeaked and instantly crawled out of the shadowy corner to which she had retreated. Ben knelt down before her as Astrid pounced into his mighty arms, which enveloped around her with ease and hoisted her off the ground. She squeezed her much daintier arms around his neck and inhaled a comforting whiff of his scent; a masculine, snug fragrance she well knew and understood. Ben was the first to rear back and survey his youngest. Astrid's innocent face was understandably addled once it met his, her arms remaining loosely folded around his neck as her curious eyes scanned him up and down, not comprehending his attire. "I don't understand," she said simply, citing his sombre disguise, "why are you dressed like this, Daddy?" Ben brought his face close to hers and whispered, in all seriousness, "No one knows, little star, and I'm afraid it must stay that way." Astrid's eyebrows came together, intrigued. "But Mummy? Astrid? Han?" "They know, little star, but no one else can know about this." "Why?" She exercised a hushed tone as well, drawing closer to him. "Why are you dressed like him, Daddy?" Ben couldn't have been more grateful to have Astrid so unknowledgeable about his counterpart, Kylo Ren, than he did at this moment. Confronting Amidala had been detrimental, Han less so but still a touch unfortunate, whilst Astrid alone was the only child of his who was entirely oblivious to the most ruthless and merciless tyrant in the galaxy, with the exception of Snoke himself. That didn't mean that his littlest wasn't clever enough to perceive on her own that whoever Kylo Ren was, he wasn't at all a man to be trusted nor was he on their side. Her disquietness and confusion continued as her wholesome eyes bore into his. "It's a cover, little star," Ben tried to explain for her in simple terms, though Astrid didn't appear keen on letting him so readily off the hook. "A cover for what, Daddy?" "For the Resistance." "Oh!" Astrid's face broke out in a smile at the mention of the Resistance. "That's good! Mummy and Grandma are with the Resistance!" "That's correct, little star, but it's imperative that no one here know that I 'm a part of it, too. Do you understand?" Astrid nodded emphatically. "Okay!" Unconvinced, Ben eyed the youth in his arms over with more earnest. "That means you cannot refer to me as 'Daddy' in this place, Astrid. Not in front of anyone else either." Astrid's grin flopped. "Oh... It's a secret?" "Yes," Ben stated and emphasised, "a very important secret. If anyone was to find out who I really am, little star, I could get into big trouble." Astrid's eyes widened with concern. "'Big trouble', Daddy?" "Oh, yes," he stressed, and the gravity of his words seemed to stick. "I won't tell, Daddy, I promise!" "Will you keep my secret safe, little star?" "Yes, Daddy!" She hugged him fiercely to stress her commitment. Ben leaned in to affectionately nuzzle and peck Astrid's small, button nose in appreciation. "Thank you, little star. Thank you ." Astrid's frown deepened. The silence was deafening, suppressing. She needed to get out of this depressing room. She needed her father's reassurance more than anything; perhaps one of his tight, all-consuming hugs or hearty kisses that had lifted her spirits. Like last time. Then she felt it—that tingling, uncomfortable sensation of phantom-like fingers trailing over her face, tugging at her ears and tapping at her forehead. She couldn't see them but she could feel them, nonetheless, and her skin broke out in goosebumps. Da - Daddy... Astrid softly whined into the darkness, despite the heavy warnings that had been conveyed to her over and over in recent days; she covered her ears with both hands and forced her eyes shut. Maybe if she kept her eyes closed, she considered, she wouldn't lay sight upon the horrifying Evil that haunted her cell, waiting for its chance to grab her. Da - Daddy! Can you hear me? Mu - Mummy! PLEASE! HELP ME! To her stunned horror, a strange voice, low and foreboding, responded to her cries, coercing her startled eyes to open and her heart to pound with increasing alarm, 'Tell me, my little wonder,' it whispered and Astrid could practically sense it smiling at her from somewhere beyond her vision, 'who is your father?' Notes: A/N : Please review... And a reminder that I have a Tumblr where I welcome hearing from you, too... Chapter 9 Notes: A/N : Happy Easter to any who celebrate... Longest chapter so far... Disclaimer : Star Wars is copyrighted to and belongs to George Lucas, Disney, etc. I'm just playing with one of their cruisers and enjoying myself. No money, just fun. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Chapter 9 "I am terrified by this dark thing that sleeps in me." —Sylvia Plath Present Day (D'Qar, Resistance Headquarters) An unsettling series of images yanked General Organa from her post, disrupting the grave conversation in play between her and her high-ranking Resistance major and officials. Her eyelids fluttered and, feeling suddenly disoriented, she stumbled forward, trying to catch her balance. In an effort to keep from crashing to the floor, she grasped onto the circular worktable in front of her, clutching its edges with both hands. Her entire body trembled for a few stress-filled moments before stilling, catching everyone in the room off guard. Head Major Brance, one of Leia's closest friends and confidants in recent years, was immediately by her side, one hand lightly touching the back of her shoulder. "General?" he asked, glancing over her with obvious concern. The others surrounding their work station, too, looked on with worry. Leia quickly dismissed their wide-eyed expressions with a brisk shake of her head. Slowly, she drew upright again and inhaled a deep breath, though Brance noted that she didn't look much at all improved. Her complexion was pasty, almost sickly, and there was a panic that had settled in those soft, brown eyes that had materialised out of thin air. "Are you sure you're all right?" he pressed her quietly, keeping his hand still on her back. "Yes, I - I'm fine," Leia tried to assert, though her voice was trembling. She swallowed hard and insisted, this time in a much stronger voice, "Continue with your preparations, Major. I need to step outside for a moment to clear my head." Although not persuaded by Leia's excuse, Brance politely nodded to his boss and gave a compliant, "Yes, Ma'am." He turned to those closest to him and they hastily resumed their heavy-handed discussions regarding their next plans of attack whilst Leia stepped out, unseen. Leia shuffled down a short hallway and out the front door, taking a solemn moment to catch her balance and to appreciate the gentle breeze that lightly feathered her face. It soothed some of the angst that had swept over her so unexpectedly, though only a little, and she drew in another slow, steady breath to calm her nerves. When she opened her eyes, she was startled out of her reverie to discover that she wasn't alone. " Luke !" she gasped, a warm smile at once lighting up her face. Lingering beside Leia in front of Resistance's Headquarters was none other than her elusive brother, standing silently in his signature beige cloak and hood that was draped over his face, concealing most of his identity; but Leia would have recognised her brother in any attire he donned. Master Luke swiftly removed his hood and greeted her like old times, with a fierce hug and a welcoming smile. "You all right, sis?" he questioned after pulling away from her, eying Leia apprehensively. "You don't look so good." "I..." Leia found herself shifting back and forth, uneasy with the disturbance that had recently hit her. Master Luke apparently sensed the words that wouldn't come, for his expression turned dark and pensive. "Then you felt it, too?" he whispered, to which Leia didn't hesitate to respond this time, though her voice was softer than before. "Yes... A disturbance in the Force." Reading her rattled energy, Master Luke asked his sister, expressing with some urgency, "What did you see?" "I... I saw Rey and the children. They were in trouble, Luke." "What sort of trouble?" Leia unconsciously wove her arms around herself as she explained, her nerves heightening as she spoke, "Rey's Light... It - It seemed to be being sucked out of her somehow; it was horrifying to watch. Astrid was crying out in the darkness and something was attacking her. Then she just stopped moving. Han... He was being pursued by someone with a lightsaber; someone whose face I couldn't see. And Ami, she..." Leia paused to hitch a shuddering breath. "She left us, Luke... She abandoned the Light to...to him ." Master Luke stared on, seemingly reticent and unforthcoming. "And Ben?" he inquired after a rather pregnant pause. Leia's frown hardened. "I don't know. I couldn't see him at all in any of this. But I did see..." "Go on, Leia." To Master Luke's recollection, Leia had never looked more disturbed, and that raised his concerns several notches. "His lightsaber,—Luke, the lightsaber he carries on him as Kylo Ren—it was the same one that...that was going after Han." Master Luke diverted his gaze towards the ground for a long moment, clearly lost in his thoughts, before eventually offering in a hushed, painful whisper, "I see..." that brought Leia no reassurance. Leia swallowed her anxieties and stepped closer. "Had you any sort of vision like this?" "No... Just a sensation; a terrible feeling that the family is crying out for help." Master Luke's eyes briefly scanned the area. "Where's Ben now?" "As far as I know, at the enemy's base. He hasn't checked in for three days, but that's normal for him." "Would he alert you if the family was in trouble?" "Of course he would." "You're certain, Leia?" Leia's eyebrows came together, her expression darkening. "Are you insinuating something, Luke?" "Nothing at all." The words sounded indifferent rather than accusatory, but Leia didn't care for them one bit. She watched him give the area another general sweep with his shrewd eyes. "And where are Rey and the children?" Leia blinked, perplexed. "At home, I would presume." The worry that flashed across Master Luke's eyes answered Leia's internal fears before he replied, "I've just come from there. No one's home." Leia stepped back, still hugging herself and quite visibly alarmed. "Rey was running a short drop off for the Resistance two days ago, but she should have gone directly home after that." "Has she checked in at all with you?" "No, but she does have three kids to see to, Luke—" Master Luke put up a hand to calm Leia's defences. "I would think nothing of it either, Leia, except Amidala and I were supposed to have a training session this morning and she and Rey never showed." Leia ceased moving side to side, staring on at her brother with utmost dread. "You don't think...?" Maintaining his cool far better than Leia could, Master Luke reached out to squeeze her arm. "Your vision may be a warning and nothing more, Leia, but I fear Rey and the kids may be with the Proclamation now." Leia skidded backward out of her brother's reach, her trembling arms collapsing to her sides. "Well, then we need to get them out of there! I'll ready our fighters—" " Leia, no ." "What?" She gaped at the collected Jedi as though he had gone spare. " Why ?" "If Ben hasn't communicated that he wants our interference, he may be trying to get them to safety himself. We don't want to mess with his plans until we know more." Anticipating Leia's next hard-hitting questions, he hurriedly carried on, "Let me see what I can find out before we send up any of our attackers to wage a fight." " How ?" Distress flickered across her features. "You're not suggesting going to Proclamation's Star base alone, are you?" Much to her misgivings, Master Luke lips broke out in a smirk. "You know me too well, sis." " Luke, that's absurd !" she exclaimed, throwing her hands up in the air. "You'd never bypass their security clearance!" "As if we haven't found ways around that before..." Leia's gaze sharpened. Master Luke sheepishly looked away; that hard expression carried the same gravity and admonition as the kind she used to so heavily give her late husband. " Don't, Luke ," she begged rather than warned, sensing her efforts were probably futile. "It's worth a try." "And if you get caught?" Master Luke shot her a small, encouraging smile. "Then we may be declaring war on the Proclamation sooner than we'd anticipated. Have your fighters at the ready." At Leia's upholding reservations, he reached out once more and took her by the hand. "I'll be fine, Leia. We need to try to help Ben and Rey. Hopefully he already has matters under control." Leia exhaled long and hard, unaware of having held her breath, and slowly nodded. "Yes, of course. Just..." "I will," he finished for her, comprehending what she couldn't bring herself to utter. "And don't..." "I won't." Resigned, Leia nodded towards the inside of their headquarters at her back. "Take Chewie with you. He'll insist on accompanying you anyhow. There's no reasoning with him anymore." Master Luke's smile broadened. "Very well. I could use the Wookie's help." Leia shook her head and climbed the steps to the front glass doors, calling over her shoulder, "I'll tell Chewie you're here and have staff ready a ship for you." "My cruiser works just fine." "That thing's a piece of junk," she insisted as she threw open one of the doors. "Wait here." Master Luke offered an appreciative bow, threw the hood of his cloak back over top of his head, and strolled around the front of the concrete building to await further preparations for his departure. His attention was momentarily diverted towards a grand marble monument that stood along the side entrance to Headquarters, where the majority of the Resistance's ships were kept. It had long ago been erected in Han Solo's memory and Master Luke trekked closer, thoughtfully meditating on the simple letters that were etched into the exquisite limestone. It was a considerable moment or two before he made a sound. "I miss you, my old friend," he murmured and the wind reacted by catching on his cloak, lightly rippling at the worn material. Master Luke wasn't aware for how long he stood in front of Han Solo's monument, thinking on their past harrowing adventures—and rows—in quiet contemplation, but he never heard the individual who next crept up behind him until its arms—gigantic and covered in fur—suddenly whisked around his front and shoved him into a compact, immensely affable hug. Its familiar vocals, which sounded like something akin to a moan and a soft cry, greeted Master Luke's ears and he smiled warmly against the Wookie's fur coat. "Hey, Chewie." " Narrggghhh !"replied his old friend. Master Luke affectionately patted his arms. "You ready?" " Rrrrhhmm !" Chewie released Master Luke so that he could turn around and face him, still all smiles, though the strain in his eyes wasn't lost on the sharp Wookie. "It's going to be dangerous," he cautioned Chewie, who bore his teeth and met his warning with laughter. Master Luke shook his head in defeat. "I should have known. C'mon." * * * * * * Kylo shivered against the frigid cold and bundled his long, tattered scarf across his mouth and reddened nose. The air felt like whiplash against his alabaster skin, piercing the sensitive flesh repeatedly with its fury-driven opposition to his presence. This place will be the death of me , he reflected with sour humour before scoffing at his own morbid thoughts, and that wouldn't be such a terrible thing, would it? Despite his protesting stubbornness to remain where he was and keep his mask off, Kylo's teeth clattered. This island was dismal, not to mention a spoil to his precious time and energy. Curse it! he all but snarled aloud, mirroring the wind's ire. Kylo knew he should never have come here. He should never have surrendered to Uncle Luke's telepathic call in the first place, and so easily at that. He was made of stronger stuff than this; or so he kept reiterating to himself when he was alone with his nonplus thoughts. He hadn't informed his master of where he was—yet—but there was still time. Still time to tell him that I've uncovered Luke Skywalker's and the girl's whereabouts... Had it been thirsty curiosity that had led Kylo to this secluded island from years' past in order to bear witness to how his aged uncle was now thwarting away his golden years in isolation and ruin? No... Kylo knew well the reasons behind what had brought him here to this moment in time, though he wasn't yet ready to acknowledge the turning point at hand. It was too frightening; too surreal and precarious to wrap his brain around. Kylo's paranoid conscience wanted to believe that he was somehow being led astray against his will; that his uncle and that headstrong apprentice of his were setting him up. Perhaps they were. Yet, if that was truly the case, it didn't matter to him, even if his heart insisted that it wasn't. Kylo wasn't about to take a chance on that , though. His heart wasn't in use anymore. The Darkness had no need for sentimentality and affections. It thrived on emotions, of course, but they were not to be wasted on triviality such as those who weren't worthy of them. If Uncle Luke and the girl wish to end this here then so be it. Kylo squinted in the darkness, trying to make out the horizon, though night had fallen and he could no longer spot the water's edge. Uncle Luke... To Kylo's recollection, the now elderly, grey-bearded man hardly resembled his old self, and it wasn't mere age that seemed to have worn him thin. No... Uncle Luke had once been quite the presence, particularly in Kylo's life; someone whom he greatly admired and looked up to as a Jedi mentor but also as a parental figure of sorts, especially when Kylo's own mother and father up and left him—at least, that's how he saw the matter. Upon laying eyes on his uncle for the first time since he was a teenager, Kylo was admittedly taken aback by how hollow Uncle Luke appeared. His eyes were devoid of much of their former brilliance. There was a heaviness in their stead, a deep-rooted sadness, and also an unfamiliarity that Kylo couldn't pinpoint. Still, he partly understood the Jedi's despondency, and yet, he wasn't ready to face that sobering basis either. No... Kylo blinked, temporarily startled out of his musings. He hadn't thought on Uncle Luke or his childhood in years, and yet, small, fragile fragments of it were coming back to him, flashing before his eyes like faceless thieves in the night. Life had been tormenting, confounding, and utterly broken back then. During what should have been the most carefree days of his life, Kylo had spent the majority of his childhood grappling the Darkness alone, all whilst watching the disintegration of his parents' tumultuous marriage. Neither of them had understood their only son—or the overwhelming, negative energy that pursued and haunted him daily starting from when he was a mere five-years old—which didn't make any of their lives easier to bear. His father was absent half of the time and unable to connect to Kylo when he was around, whilst his mother, to her credit, had tried to make better sense of his troubles; but, ultimately, they had given up and sent him away. Kylo never fathomed he would return to this remote place, where he had once resided (somewhat) comfortably alongside Uncle Luke, though the scenery had been much different then. There had been a grand temple and multiple huts constructed from the local stone. Now there was only one, and the temple was gone. Had Kylo been gifted with the knowledge of foresight, he would have spared his uncle any of his painstaking efforts to tame the then-boy's Dark Side sensitivities. After all, as Snoke had so fondly been reminding Kylo since he was young, he was a man 'destined for Darkness'. His uncle, as skilled a Jedi as he was, would prove no match for snuffing it out of him. The Darkness had claimed Kylo Ren's soul long before he arrived at his uncle's Jedi Academy. Long before Mum and Dad sent me away... Long before they ever tried to stop it... Kylo shivered again. His smarts told him to return to the hut at once, but he couldn't bring himself to be around certain company—well, one far more than the other. Gazing upon Uncle Luke was agonising enough, but the girl was a whole other matter entirely. Rey. He had finally learned her name; he had never cared to know it before. But now... Her Force powers were remarkably strong, and even greater than when Kylo had first tested their endurance on Starkiller base. Snoke would not be pleased to learn of this development, particularly on top of discovering with whom she was engaging in such impressive skill work. Kylo had noted Rey's improved Force strength during their second duel on the island and thirdly only earlier that day in the midst of their channelling exercise. The girl's Light— Her Light... —had been overpowering to behold, its rays near blinding Kylo's eyes and causing them to water and sting. He was never more grateful to be donning a mask than during that ridiculous drill, for the last thing he desired was for that wretched Padawan to glimpse actual tears streaming down his face; tears that he felt utterly helpless to control. It was the luminosity! he emphasised, feeling his Darkness twist and curl in abhorrence to his earlier reaction to the Light. It was simply too bright! That's all! Then why had it been so damn affecting? Even now, it felt as though the remnants of that Light were burning holes in his retinas. His eyes prickled and hurt— Her Light... —clouding and obstructing his vision. It's the fucking wind, Kylo! Claiming defeat (to the blasted wind, that was), Kylo growled lowly, spun around, and stomped back towards the stone hut, carrying his mask under his arm. The rising chimney smoke and warm lights flickering from within served as necessary beacons in the darkness and Kylo shoved the negative energy forcefully from his side, feeling the sudden urge to outrun it in as far as his legs might carry him. He picked up his pace and sprinted through the front door, gasping as he entered the plain, yet comfy, establishment that had become as much of a sanctuary as a hindrance over the past forty-eight hours. Master Luke and Rey were present, sitting on the floor in front of the small wooden table per usual, though evidently not conversing with one another. Both sets of eyes glanced up at him curiously but offered no warm welcome; not that he would have expected it. Especially from her, he hissed in passing, gathering his cool and stalking towards the spare bedroom. "Just where do you think you 're going?" came that scathing voice of hers that stopped Kylo in his tracks. "To bed," he ground out between clenched teeth, keeping his back to Rey and Master Luke. "Now?" Master Luke gestured to his apprentice to let Kylo be, but Rey wasn't interested in abiding her teacher's wishes; it was all highly suspicious. "We haven't even had supper yet." She eyed him up and down with overt mistrust, though he wouldn't so much as budge or rise to her goading. "I'm. Not. Hungry." "Won't you at least warm yourself by the fire?" Master Luke beckoned him, sounding far more sincere and hospitable. "You're shivering, Ben." Kylo looked down in stunned silence, realising he was indeed quivering from head to toe and quite noticeably, too. He made to still the tremors convulsing through his body by centring himself but the shakes proved rather persistent. He really had spent far too much time in the chilly outdoors. Whilst warming himself by the fire might have been perfectly suitable, Kylo refused to cave into anymore of Master Luke's gentle attempts at coaxing him to lay down his guard. He and the girl obviously didn't trust him— Especially the girl! —so why should he foolishly open himself up to more of their provocations? You know why you have to open up , the sensible part of his mind argued, prompting Kylo to fist his hands and take several deep breaths. "I'm fine," he muttered. He ignored Rey's follow up remark, brushed past the curtain, and disappeared from view. Rey had shot to her feet as he left. "Off to inform your homicidal leader that you found us," she was shouting after his retreating silhouette, "or did you already do that earlier whilst you were alone? No matter! We'll be ready!" She threw herself back on the floor and huffed, crossing her arms over her chest. "Rey..." Rey turned to her passive instructor, unable to maintain her cool. "You may be content to let that perpetrator do whatever he wants with us, Master, but I 'm not going to sit around and wait for him to strike!" "Rey—" "He's up to something, Master! I know it! If you would just listen—" "No, you listen, my young Padawan! You !" Rey quieted under Master Luke's unexpected acerbic tone; he had also lunged forward on the ground and was pointing his mechanical finger at her. Surprised by his own emotional outburst, Master Luke took a moment to collect himself before addressing Rey again with more patience. "I know you don't trust him, Rey—you have your reasons, no doubt, as do I—but your anger is grossly clouding you from the awareness of just how tremendous a feat it is that Ben's even here!" Rey's brow furrowed. As far as she could surmise, Kylo hadn't done a ruddy thing yet to warrant Master Luke's praise. What exactly had he accomplished that should be earning him an ounce of either of their trust? As if sensing her internal conflict, Master Luke pressed Rey at a gentler level, "He came when I called him, didn't kill you yesterday at the top of the hill, and dropped all of his defences. He's had ample opportunities to strike us again and again and he hasn't done so. He's become stunted; unable to accomplish what, for the Dark Side, is too often clear cut and simple. He's changing." "Oh, yes," Rey laughed off with a dramatic roll of her eyes, "cheers to the man, who tried to kill me once before, for not killing me a second time! Bravo!" Master Luke brought his lips tightly together and shot his apprentice an acute glare rarely bestowed on others. Rey went silent, blushing, and awaited the Jedi's next words, though not with any grain of eagerness. "Your animosity and hatred will be your undoing, Rey. I'm warning you, if you're not careful, you're going to wind up just like the person you most despise: that broken man two rooms over." Rey felt her throat drop into her stomach, not only at the unsettling notion that she could fall prey to the Dark Side, as Master Luke had put to her more than once now, but also that he had the audacity to compare her to Kylo Ren at all. She opened her mouth to retort, but Master Luke kept her from contesting his soul-searching remarks by raising his mechanical hand in the air. "Don't claim to know the Dark Side as I do, my naïve Padawan, because you don't know it as I do. You haven't the wisdom yet to stake the claims of which you speak. "You didn't witness the horrors of what the Darkness did to my nephew; how it robbed Ben of all good sense, of his gentle demeanour, of his capacity to love, of his very soul! He had warmth and compassion and a bright future before all this. Oh, yes. You may shake your head all you like, but I've seen it! You've glimpsed only what the Darkness has claimed over him; the aftermath of all its suffering, treachery, and deceit. "That could very well be you , Rey. Make no mistake: you're as susceptible to the Dark Side as any inherently good person in this world, including my fallen nephew." Finishing his tirade with a long-winded sigh, Master Luke looked away from Rey, who had all but sunk into the dirt floor beside him. She had reared back as he spoke with such off-colour passion and a certain authority, soaking in every word and finding it a touch too disconcerting. Between their bewildering exchange during their channelling exercise, Master Luke's definitive statements about Kylo's desperate yearning for the Light, and his brutally straightforward commentary this evening, Rey's mind was spinning too rapidly for her emotions to keep pace. As much as she wanted to believe in everything her wise teacher was telling her, she still couldn't grasp his unyielding faith in his cold-blooded nephew or the fact that he was, in fact, 'changed'. Kylo Ren may very well want to be a good man going forward, but, to Rey, he was still a killer, still with the First Order, and still an unstable, mistrustful man who carried his own warped agenda. The subsequent silence became too stifling for Rey, so she quietly excused herself and bolted for her bedroom, where she easily collapsed onto her mattress, absentmindedly toed off her boots and pulled her knees to her chest. She was no longer hungry or desired anyone's company but her own, and, thus, she rocked back and forth, thinking, considering, analysing everything she knew from her own observations of the exasperating puzzle that was Kylo Ren to the umpteenth degree; but she wound up no closer to a clarification. After a half hour or so of intense contemplation, Rey groaned in defeat and plopped down sidelong on her mattress. Her mind was terribly overworked from today, and it vexed her deeply that Kylo Ren had occupied so much of her thoughts. She shut her eyes and tried to focus on her meditation, concentrating on each slow, even breath her lungs absorbed. It was going to be another rough night, though, she determined soon thereafter. Despite spending every waking moment on a secluded island for many months, with only Master Luke for company, Rey hadn't mastered the art of sleeping yet—at least, not on any sort of consistent, beneficial basis. Too many nights, the restless scavenger in her had tossed and turned about as she had since she was a little girl, unable to shut her mind down and fully rest. Sleep was an allusion; it had been for as long as she could remember. Thinking on that misfortune only served to bring Rey's mind back to that malignant interrogation with Kylo Ren when he had taken her hostage. Before Rey could stop him once more from consuming her waking thoughts, Kylo's unpleasant words had slithered through the weakened cracks in her conscience, repeating to her over and over again as if she hadn't already committed them to memory. "At night, desperate to sleep..." "You'd imagine an ocean..." "So lonely... So afraid to leave..." Rey squeezed her eyes shut tighter in the hopes of blocking out Kylo and his resounding words. She had exhausted the day thinking about him; she wasn't about to allow him to devour her much-needed restful period as well. 'Need some help?' Rey's eyes flew open. That confident, unnerving voice was no longer the result of a memory but very much present and coming from feet away, barred from her by only a thin wall. Her body coiled in on itself, shielding and cushioning against her adversary in the next room. She answered him with a defensive, snarling, 'No.' 'For both our sakes, you should reconsider my offer.' 'I want nothing from you!' He sighed in annoyance. 'The feeling's mutual. It's simple meditation, though, and we'd both benefit from it if you'd just let me in.' Rey snorted, insulted. 'Fat chance! What do you take me for?' 'Someone who's so damn headstrong that she'll keep herself and the man she despises awake for the rest of the night just to spite herself.' 'And with good reason!' 'You've got me there.' A short pause later, 'But unless you'd prefer to have me stuck in your head and aggravating you for the next several hours...' Pondering that possibility for only a matter of seconds was more than enough, and Rey bit down hard on her tongue to keep from uttering a few choice words. Instead, she projected a growl, much like a disgruntled animal, and propelled herself upright into a sitting position. She stared heatedly at the curtain to her left, waiting. Seconds later, Kylo drifted into her personal space, his enormously tall frame mostly engulfed in shadow. His long, angular face abhorred even the opposite of daylight: the moon and stars. That was both haunting and arresting to her, but Rey pointedly said nothing. She sensed the negative energy that accompanied him, always at his side, though it was passive and quiet for the time being. This is a mistake , her conscience was screaming as he carefully approached her bedside. Kylo halted in front of Rey, peering down at her as if he expected the skittish, yet fiercely protective girl to lash out, perhaps kick him in the shins or summon her lightsaber that he knew was conveniently stowed beneath her pillow. Determining at a glance that he was safe, Kylo slowly lowered himself to the ground, where he awkwardly crossed one long leg over the other and met Rey's wary gaze. At such a close distance, she could now better discern those onyx-like eyes and ambiguous, pale face. Hearing him speak in his normal register in the stillness of her room, too, would prove oddly alluring. He shifted a bit and cleared his throat first, openly displaying the same level of discomfort as Rey. "I won't enter your mind as... As I did before. This exercise is meant to be gradual and hypnotic; it's helped me fall asleep when I've needed an extra push." Somehow, Rey deduced that Kylo didn't manage much sleep either, especially if his rather war-weary appearance was anything to go by. Kylo hesitantly reached for her but Rey instantly drew back from him and he stopped. "Why are you helping me?" she hissed through narrowed, glimmering eyes. "Because I have no interest in staying awake all night thanks to you." Rey scrutinised him closely. "What else?" she pressed, to which he dismissed her with an impatient grunt. "There's nothing else." "You're a liar." "And you're unreasonable and pig-headed—" "' Pig-headed '?" she gasped. "—when it's completely unnecessary." Rey bore her teeth. "Coming from you , that's rich and I'll take it as a compliment." Much to her displeasure, Kylo shrugged and showcased little reaction. "Suit yourself." Rey began grinding her teeth together, and sensing that they weren't about to reach any sort of peace offering, Kylo pressed on in haste, "Now, do you need me to call my uncle into your room to oversee what I'm about to do; or will you cut us a break and let me get on with it?" "If you 're involved then yes, I'd like Master Luke here." Kylo's reaction was discouraging, for he smirked suggestively. "No, you don't." Rey eased forward and squared her shoulders. "Don't I?" "You're afraid?" "Hardly." "Then prove it to us both." Rey's face slumped. "That's just what you'd like me to do, isn't it?" Kylo gave her a classic eye roll, enticing her anger. Aware of the growing hostility in play, for the Darkness on Kylo's end was beginning to stir, Rey reeled some of her emotions back and rubbed her hands nervously against her thighs. "Fine," she curtly acquiesced, though she still reclined backward a little when his hand extended towards her again. Kylo's hand lingered in mid-air, allowing Rey's body language to guide his next moves, and then, when he was certain she wasn't going to thrash him, he eased his hand forward. His bare fingertips lightly made contact with her forehead, and Rey froze. She knew the touch was his, of course—the evil First Order Commander whose hands were metaphorically soaked with the blood of the lives he had so gruesomely taken, including Han Solo's—and yet, his touch was not at all what she anticipated. Rather, his fingertips were surprisingly gentle, the act itself of stroking small circles across her brow sedating and tranquil. A series of soothing blues and greens emerged before Rey's sight, washing over her like a stream, starting at the top of her head and trickling down through her toes. She sunk into her mattress, heavy eyelids fluttering closed. This Light that danced around her was small and strange but magnetic, nonetheless, its calm pull easing her into a comfortable slumber she hadn't managed in many, many years. The last thing Rey remembered was this unfamiliar Light dousing her shoulder-length deep in a warm pool of solitude, and then everything faded to black. * * * * * * Present Day (Proclamation's Star base) Rey raised a dubious eyebrow and searched her husband's weary demeanour. "And how precisely do you plan to pull that off, Ben?" "It's a thought that only recently came to me, Rey," he snipped in return, shooing away her concerns with a small huff. "But if we take your ship, you'll surely be blamed for our escape—" "Not if I play my cards right." Rey reared back, her worries mounting. "Ben..." "The particulars will be dealt with. Don't worry, would you? We need to see to getting you and the kids there as discretely as possible." "We'll manage." "It's not going to be easy..." Rey's warm, humoured smile, brief as it was, not only consoled some of Ben's stricken nerves but seemed to lessen the tension around them. Her hand roped tighter around his arm, tugging him closer to her as well. "When have things ever been a breeze for us?" "Point taken," Ben returned, and Rey noted the faint amusement in that reply. A serious frown soon replaced her endearing smile. "You're not well," she whispered, perceiving the twinge of uneasiness that stirred upon the face concealed beneath the mask. "I told you, Rey, I'm fine ." "When was the last time you slept?" she pressed him collectedly. "Recently." Rey's hazel eyes became sad. "You're lying to me." "When did you last sleep?" His questioning came across as aggressive and clipped, but Rey remained calm for both their sakes. "I slept off and on over the past twenty-four hours. Not much else to do in here when you're waiting around to be rescued." She added gently, placing a comforting hand on his chest, "And I don't mean it like that ." "I know," said Ben, letting forth a weighty sigh that sounded considerably tired and distressed. Suddenly, Rey turned her attention to the wall. There was nothing there to draw her eyes away from him, but Ben followed the trail of his wife's troubled gaze, sensing, too, the dreaded feelings now racing through her. The hairs on the back of his neck rose to attention whilst visible goosebumps broke out on Rey's flesh. Both turned back to each other, and the alarm materialising on Rey's face mirrored Ben's covered anxiety. He broke away from her first, whipping around and heading for the locked door, stating as he went, "I'll see what's going on." He wanted to alleviate the state of worry she carried but couldn't keep the quiver out of his own voice. Rey's shaken expression was stuck in Ben's mind as he exited her cell and made for the children's chambers next to hers. Notes: A/N #2 : Thank you to those who review and offer kudos. It's what keeps this story going... Chapter 10 Not an update, I'm afraid... I'm deeply saddened to say that I will likely not continue posting this story - at least, not for the time being. I'm not sure if I'll bother continuing it on FFN either. I should have known the brief fluctuation in feedback two to three chapters back was too good to last, and the mostly silent reactions that this story has garnered since it began a few months ago has been hard to stomach for me. It's just becoming too painful to want to continue and has presented me with more questions than answers, such as whether my writing is any good at all in this fandom or in any other. It's also made me painfully aware that my efforts, and this fic, are just not interesting enough to readers of this pairing. That, too, has been a difficult pill to swallow. I thought it was pretty engaging material...but apparently I don't know enough. The general 98% silence has been pretty absolute. If the story isn't wanted, it shouldn't exist. I deeply thank the few wonderful readers who left reviews as they read. From the bottom of my heart, your encouragement was more uplifting to me than you'll ever know. I just wish the silence wasn't so deafening and hurtful to me that I might continue with all that I had planned for this fic and my dear ReyBen family in future chapters. I'll likely write and explore them as I've been doing, but it will have to remain with myself at this time; or, at least, until I feel that I can bear the silence some more and continue with the story. I don't think that's likely, though... My sincerest best wishes to other writers of this pairing. I hope your efforts won't go unwanted or unappreciated. To any readers who may stumble across this note: please leave feedback for your fanfic writers. It's all they have to cheer them on through what is a very grueling and often lonely process. They want to hear from you. That is all. Addendum: The story is continuing over on FFN - https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11709535/1/Seeds-of-Redemption Chapter 11 I thought I'd give the head's up to any interested readers that several more chapters have been posted on FFN. This story will continue over there: https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11709535/1/Seeds-of-Redemption Notes: A/N #2 : Here we go! Thoughts? Theories? Please type away, I'd love to hear from any interested readers! Also, my Tumblr is here if you wanna drop a note or say hello.