Concrete Jungle ** Underground of Baltimore, Maryland, Fall 2015 ** Time. Pernicious…Unrelenting…Merciless. Yet trite; stale, like nature as it shrivels into itself. Rock to sand; fire to ash. Nature too faces the burden of time as it rots away like the rest of us, each day trapped in a paradox of hope and agony like an artificial pulse on life support. Through one eye, the opportunity of life is a sign of brilliance…beauty…regardless of if that life becomes intertwined with machine more than man. But through the other eye, each beat is a plague of unending misery beckoning the dying to stay dormant on this earth until the plug is pulled and the pulse ceases to pound for pretend existence. Of course, that depends on who gets to pull the plug. Who holds the power to manipulate time? In the world we live in—this world my grandfather left twisted and distorted on the doormat of the selfish and the damned—only “we happy few” get the pleasure to play Father Time, to play God, to play Satan himself… “This New Ager ready?” Poe startled me with his inquiry, causing me to lurch forward slightly with nerves across the cramped concrete floor of the containment center. “Were you lost in your pretentious inner monologue again?” “Yes. I do believe I may have quoted Shakespeare for a bit this time.” I did not realize how lost I had become in my own grandiose ramblings about the state of the world until very recently. Luckily, Poe was always there to take me out of them before I started listening to my own bullshit. I didn’t have time to create a cocoon where I could remain secure, observing each and every little thing that had brought me to this point in front of…who was it this week…oh yes, Gial Ackbar. Gial was yet another example of what we here in the Psychosociological and Medicinal Research Unit of the First Order called a “New Ager.” They were the unhappy few who came into this world with this perturbed, displaced notion that they had access to the admirable, rather profound ideal of “free will.” Each month, a few of these unfortunate souls would slip onto our radar with word that they were conspiring against our covert underground fraternity that had been carefully assembled since the dawn of World War II. I suppose like other orders before us…the Soviets…the Nazis…the Mongolians..., we did not pride ourselves on public examples of death and tyranny. The world knew who we were. That was all we needed. So, we took to stealing those who would fight against us in the middle of night like a corny vaudeville villain, only to escort them down to our containment center and check them off on Santa’s list of lucky children fortunate enough to receive the gift of a memory wipe for Christmas. Mr. Ackbar was the latest victim. A tech wiz, the geek had devised a website on the deep web that attempted to compile what exactly it was that the First Order did across its worldwide reconditioning and control facilities.He called for recruits, even attempting to spread the myth that the dreaded Resistance was still alive and ready to strike. Regardless of Gial’s attempt, the man was really no match for Lando Calrissian. Give him a sleepless night and a box of Avengers fruit snacks and he can trace anybody—even a rat hiding under some serious ghost proxies and a network of re-routed IP addresses. I wasn’t always proud of the work I did. I wasn’t lying when I said that my grandfather, Lor San Tekka, helped fuck up the world. However, I found little refuge in looking beyond the life I was given. Somehow the brainwashing and tyranny seemed simpler; more grounding. But there were some days—like this one—where refuge called like a siren on the sea. It beckoned me to walk away and recede within myself to the vision of calm I had created before an ocean front. It coaxed me to go back to the small white house on a bed of grass, the sea breeze whistling through the tall blades around me and…No. I shouldn’t think of her now… I could hear Gial in the containment compartment banging on the walls and shrieking for help. He was held in a small white room, no bigger than a broom closet, sealed by a black metal door. The door was rusted and rotted from the constant leak of Baltimore’s sewage pipes. The room was surrounded by a swell of concrete with a single drain in the middle of the floor to keep the facility from flooding. See, unlike Azrakel’s lofty special ops unit and the stately walnut walls of the infamous financial analytics unit, my unit was caged below the First Order’s compound in the recesses of the eastern city. Gial—besides the obvious agenda to oust our secret club—was a good man. He had a wife named Magdalene, two kids, probably a golden retriever. He was bound by morals I could never live up to, nor that I could afford to abide by. He was a fighter. A soldier. And Poe and I had him locked up like a monster howling in tiring agony to enclosed white walls. “Kylo, it’s been more than 24 hours,” Poe said to me. He handed me a scalpel—my best friend, so it would seem—and patted me on the back. He knew I wasn’t in the mood to systemize another victim. Poe was probably the only other operator in the First Order besides Azrakel who understood this constant battle between the life we were meant to lead and the moral obligation to drop the scalpel, help the poor man out of the containment compartment, and let him go back to his kids and wife and fluffy dog. But we both knew that wasn’t possible. Gial didn’t get to choose whether or not he could pull his own plug. I sighed, grasping Poe’s shoulder. “I can keep time, Poe. Thanks.” My friend smiled. “Then, let’s systemize this bitch.” I reached into my pocket for my cell phone. I had to call Azrakel. I would need his team to carry Gial out into the operation unit while Poe and I prepped for surgery. Before I could dial my brother’s extension, however, Hux—everybody’s least favorite surgical assistant—waltzed into the containment center holding a banged up metal fold-out chair. The chair made ungodly clanging noises as he placed it in the middle of the containment center in front of the door, a Miller in one hand, and a copy of the latest Penthouse in the other like this guy had never heard of Internet porn. The sizzling sound of the beer can echoed across the desolate room as he cracked it open. He placed the can to his lips, taking an obnoxiously loud gulp of beer before spatting it out onto the concrete. “This is disgusting. I’m telling you, we see all the blood, we deal with all the screaming, and the whining, and the gore, and what do we get? Warm fucking beer? We have the whole world under our thumb and we have warm beer? Does this make sense?” Poe glared at Hux, clearly attempting not to just strangle the obnoxious bastard. If anybody could care less about the temperature of beer at this very moment, it was Poe Dameron. “Then why don’t you go complain to Sno—“ “Don’t speak his name in front of me, Poe. Never speak his name in front of me.” “Oh, everybody’s hatred for the big man in charge. Get the fuck over it! Do you even understand the severity of this occupation? What—“ “Gentleman! Please!” I barked, breaking off their superfluous cat fight. “Hux, get into Room 2187. We’ve got surgery to prepare for.” “Try again, Kylo,” a voice spoke from the corner of the containment center. In Hux and Poe’s bitch fest I hadn’t noticed Kor Sella enter the unit. Kor was one of Azrakel’s employees. She was very good with a gun but very bad with authority. I never exactly understood how Azrakel dealt with her up there in special ops. She must have been a nightmare on kidnappings. She stood in the corner of the room, wearing a black suit with an ice blue silk scarf around her neck and a pair of mid-level black heels. She clearly was not here to take Gial away to surgery for me. “Another New Ager already? This department is becoming as effective as maintenance. You know the lights in Hall Q are still inactive?” Kor complained in her unfortunate British accent that sounded worse than whatever the hell that shit was that Neil Young came out with in the 90s. She walked towards me, closing the distance between us. Things had admittedly gotten a little awkward for her and me since we hooked up four months ago. She was always trying to make it seem like the dynamic between us had not changed when we had really just become even more like antagonistic animals towards each other, taunting one another to attack. “The only thing ineffective is your inability to catch up on news around here. Hall Q was quarantined after a diazomethane leak four days ago, sweetheart,” I replied, approaching her until our bodies almost touched. For a split second, the anger in Kor’s eyes was replaced by the sweet, sweet look of fear. I knew it. The brain-dead British bimbo probably walked right into it. “It was the job last Monday on the CEO of Republic Enterprises that finance was so adamant about. Compounds of the diethyl ether used to slow her cardiac muscle to decrease blood flow to the brain leaked before treatment,” Poe quipped, clearly suppressing a smirk at the brief flash of fear in Kor’s eyes. “That is a job that is a little bit out of maintenance’s pay grade.” “What idiot allowed it to leak… Kylo ?” Kor asked. She took a step back from me as if to take back her personal space. So, I may have had a reputation around here for not being careful with the chemicals. I was Hannibal without the cannibal, not Walter White. “That information is disclosed. In fact, I don’t even think Azrakel knows,” I answered, closing the gap between us again. Yeah, so, I was playing with her a little bit. Maybe if I could make her think that even just setting foot in there would kill her, she would stop parading herself around my unit. Of course she wouldn’t die and, to tell you the truth, the leak was probably pretty well contained by then. But seeing fear in Kor Sella’s eyes was a rarity that should be treasured. “Kylo, I think you should consider sharing information like toxic gas leaks with the rest of the building!” Kor shouted, pushing me away. “Holy shit, did you walk into Hall Q?!” squawked Hux who had apparently decided to fall out of his drunken stupor. Hux leaned against the metal chair in a deep laugh, his warm Miller dropping to the ground and breaking into pieces on the concrete. “No!” Kor shouted, the fear returning into her eyes, her cheeks growing uncomfortably hot. Oh God, it was just too good. “Shut the fuck up, you were fucking there! Dude, five grand right now that you fucking fall dead flat on your ugly-ass conceited face before this pathetic New Ager in here does.” Hux banged on the metal door where Gial was contained. The deep dinging sound Hux’s fist made against the door only made Gial shriek from inside the compartment. Muffled cries for help slipped into the containment center, causing Hux to laugh harder. “Oh yeah? Done.” Kor shook Hux’s hand. Her all-too-familiar snarky smile crawled across her face as she did so. “Okay, enough with this bullshit,” I spat, realizing that—our fun and games put aside-- this was our job and it sure as hell was not being done. “Did you need anything Kor, or did you just come down to be a bitch as always?” “Oh, don’t jump to the punch line, Kylo. I was just getting to that part.” Kor released Hux’s hand to grab the standard black 9mm from the inside pocket of her suit jacket. She stormed right past the three of us to the containment compartment. Before I realized what she was up to, she dialed the four digit passcode into the compartment and flung open the door to Gial’s holding block. “What the fuck are you—“ BANG I couldn’t finish my sentence before Kor had put a bullet through Gial’s skull. The man didn’t even flinch as he sunk to his knees. His head slumped below his shoulders, the blood trickling down his plaid shirt and on to the concrete where it pooled at his feet. The loud rip of the bullet through the barrel of Kor’s glock silenced the room. Even Hux’s laugh had subsided and grown quiet (though, I am guessing it was only because he realized he had just lost the bet). Kor shoved the gun back into her jacket pocket before she strutted past the three of us, leaving Gial’s limp body stone against the concrete. “You owe me five grand,” she purred in her obnoxious accent as she strolled past Hux out of the containment center. “Yeah, fuck you,” Hux shouted back. I doubt Kor could hear him now. Poe walked out into the hall where he picked up the landline telephone on the wall. I couldn’t read the expression on his face, but I could guess that part of him was relieved that he didn’t have to perform an operation today. He dialed the extension to sanitation. These poor guys spent most of their time sitting around dark rooms playing black jack or some shit until they were called to clean up whatever mess we had made during surgery. The surgical procedures Poe and I carried out under the prestigious guise of the First Order was as horrid as it was satisfying. On one hand, there is nothing glamourous about pumping some poor bastard full of harmful chemicals, drilling into his skull, and placing a network of brain-computer interfaces into their cranium, pre-programmed with whatever settings we needed to keep them silent and complacent. However, on the other hand, there was a certain high in playing God. The world was a mad-house made up of a whole herd of suppressed sheep, whether by their own doing or ours. They were useless. They lived because we wanted them to live. For without his subjects, what is a God to do? A few men from the cleanup department clad in yellow hazmat suits entered the containment center. I laughed under my breath. They had acquired the hazmat suits three years ago after a gas leak in the operations unit and refused to take them off when they were around me. It didn’t matter if all they were doing was dragging away a corpse. “Kylo!” shouted Poe from the landline. “Phone call.” He held the phone out to me. I pressed the outdated wired telephone to my ear. “Yep,” I spoke into the receiver. “We’ve acquired information about another New Ager. She’s somewhere around Peru. I am not sure if she is being sent here or to a closer facility, but I thought you should be aware.” My brother’s voice was rough and groggy as he spoke. The man clearly got no sleep again. “Alright…” The statement was odd. If the New Ager was in Peru, she did not have to come up to Baltimore. The First Order had facilities all over the globe. While headquartered in Baltimore, a simple New Ager should not require this facility. I found it frivolous to ask questions now. It was likely nothing. “Wait, Azrakel,” I caught him before he hung up on me. “Why did you send Kor?” There was silence on the other end of the phone. “Kylo, it wasn’t my order.” I could feel my muscles clench at the realization that the special operations unit didn’t call in the kill. And if it wasn’t Azrakel, there was only one other man in this entire organization that had the authority to make that kind of order. ** 20 miles outside of Baltimore, Maryland Winter 1995 ** “Suck it up, kid. This rat was a threat to everything our grandparents built,” commanded my childhood enemy. His breath spilled hot down my neck where the harsh winter air stung the exposed skin. “He wasn’t even your fucking friend!” “Yeah well neither are you!” I screamed back at him. He was taller than me by almost a foot and I had to stand on my tip-toes just to attempt to meet his eyes. I was twelve years old when I was forced to bury Finn Wexely in that corn field outside of Baltimore, Maryland. Escorting me on the job was my virulent neighbor whom I had grown to hate over the last few days. At seventeen years old, the boy was more than a playground bully. There was something inside of him that wasn’t quite right, just like his mother, Padme Amidala. Unfortunately Padme and my old man were good friends. I was convinced that after my mother died when I was four that they were in some kind of disgusting secret relationship. The two grew up together, you see, so there was no escaping her son, no matter how many times I screamed to my dad that I couldn’t spend my time with any creep whose prized possession was a journal filled with intricate details on ways to dissect the human brain. “You didn’t know him,” I pleaded, tears forming around the lids of my eyes as Padme’s son picked up the shovel. To be frank, I didn’t know Finn either, but he always seemed like a nice kid. After all I thought, at that time, that he wanted to help me escape the life I was born into. “Don’t be such a dumbass, Kylo! He’s just another rat. He was never working with your dad!” I flung my fist forward at him, trying to reach for his jaw. But I was too weak, my arms were too short, and I was too young to be messing with the prized grandson of Sheev Palpatine. He grabbed my arm with little effort before it made contact with his body. He twisted it around, shattering the bones in my left arm as he shoved my body against the frozen ground. Face down on the dead field of corn, stained now with the blood that trickled from the gash on my forehead, I felt the back of the shovel scrape gently across my scalp, through the strands of my curly black hair. “Bury him or you’ll be buried with him.” **** Azrakel’s firm grasp on my shoulder brought me back to where I was. The containment center had grown quiet. Poe was nowhere to be found and the cleaning crew had erased all evidence that Gial was ever in the place. All the blood staining the floor of the compartment had disappeared as if it had been a mirage. I turned to meet eyes with my brother. God, he really hadn’t gotten any sleep. Hidden behind his chestnut bed-head hair were two hazel eyes, bloodshot and wild with a desperate need for rest. “Azrakel…” I sighed with disapproval. “Kylo, it’s nothing. Forget about it. What does this mean?” I knew Azrakel would be as concerned as I was. If the big man upstairs was involved, then something more unsettling than I was prepared to deal with was about to go down. I wasn’t sure if I cared to know what it was. I grabbed my cell phone from my pocket. Azrakel’s face tightened, worry flooding through his bloodshot stare. “Don’t give him what he wants.” “I don’t like him either, but we’re the best working cogs in this machine. He’s always had our best interest in mind because we’re of best interest to him.” I nodded, knowing my brother was right. I looked into my contacts to find his extension. I very rarely called the leader of the First Order. I never had anything to say to the man. So it was no surprise that my stomach tightened as I came to the name he had adopted when he was officially sanctioned into the First Order. It was one word, like his grandfather’s before him. I hit dial on my phone before I could second guess myself. “Kylo,” cooed a deep voice on the other end of the line. “You have my attention, Snoke.” I could imagine the prick now sitting at his mahogany desk in the financial analytics department with his expensive Italian loafers propped up on top of his spreadsheets and statistical analyses. He would be leaning back in his black arm chair, his black short hair slicked back, not a single hair out of place. A soft chuckle entered my ear. “Not my best, I admit. Maybe a little too abrasive, but, a bullet through that New Ager’s skull was inevitable.” I clenched my fist to keep my anger from boiling over. I needed to stay professional. I looked over at Azrakel who was staring at me with concern. He could hear Snoke through the phone, waiting as impatiently as I was to find out what exactly it was he wanted from me. “What do you need?” I asked curtly. There was a long pause on the other line. For a second I thought he didn’t hear me until I finally heard a small sigh escape Snoke’s lips. “ She knows.” I slammed the phone into the receiver before Snoke could elaborate. I didn’t need to hear anymore. I placed my fist to my temple as I struggled to hold back the fear beginning to form inside me. It was not possible . “Who knows, Kylo?” My brother pleaded to me. I met his exhausted eyes, anxiety distorting the angles of his face; a face that, in that moment, must have been a mirror image of my own. “ Rey ,” was all I needed to whisper. Chapter 2 : Asphalt Angel *** Baltimore, Maryland. September, 1995 *** It was a grey Wednesday afternoon when I met Rey. She didn’t have a last name. Rey appeared in my life the same year I buried Finn Wexely. To my despair, the perfect features of her seraphic face have been forever inscribed into the fissures of my brain. Sometimes it would return to me in fleeting images in my dreams, taunting me and coaxing me to find her; to hunt her. Time and time again, I would have fantasies that our first meeting had gone differently. Instead of gripping tight to her light grey trench coat while bawling my eyes out, I should have taken what little strength I had left and ripped her throat out until her blood dissolved into the black of the asphalt. I should have killed her. It would have saved me so much pain… I can remember very few things more vividly than I can remember sixth grade at Federal Hill Preparatory School in my birthplace of Baltimore, Maryland. I can still see the classroom I sat in with the haggard Mrs. Organa hammering away on the importance of diligence and discipline while the vapid and shallow rich boys were already slipping each other wads of their parents’ cash behind their backs. These boys bet on anything that fed their raging hormones. Cody once bet Greedo that he could feel up Mrs. Organa’s daughter, Beru, who also taught at Federal Hill (Cody lost). Greedo’s brother, Dokoo, once bet Agen Koler that he could sneak in and take a video of a slumber party at Sola Nabarries’ house for her birthday. His attempt landed him under house arrest for two months. Sola’s father’s house was very well protected by the First Order given his tremendous financial support of the operation. A few of the First Order’s troops caught Dokoo before he could even get over the property’s gate. While I usually did not get involved in their games, I admit that I did chip in on who would be Laura’s first kiss. Laura was the cute, glorified saint who never put a toe out of line and never waltzed into any of Cody Walker’s famous parties looking to play seven minutes in heaven. For my own amusement, I put my money on my little brother, Azrakel. I didn’t even have to win for the boys to fork over their side of the bet. “Just take it, man,” Greedo had said to me. They knew who I was—a decedent of the original First Order. Mostly every student’s parent at Federal Hill Preparatory School was a financial benefactor or combat fighter for the First Order. And while their families were fairly well protected as long as they did their jobs, nobody wanted to mess with Han Solo’s kid. My father was the child of Lor San Tekka. He was a brilliant scientist in World War II working for the American base of a Nazi chemical conglomerate called American IG. He was also a member of a secret underground financial community entitled the American-Germanic Fellowship made up of American and German money moguls including Sheev Palpatine, head of the Reichsbank of Germany and Hego Damask, head of the Bank of New York. Fueled by fear during the war, the group began to amass an incredible amount of global market interests using my grandfather to launder weapons, commodities, and chemicals through American IG. The illegal dealings between America and Germany eventually caught the attention of President Roosevelt, who had otherwise sanctioned American businesses from doing business with Germany. With their fortune threatened, Sheev and Hego placed the burden on my grandfather to generate a psychological manipulation device that would forcibly sway Roosevelt into allowing the group to rise further into power. Assassination was out of the question. They needed a figure head to hand the group control over the United States if the fellowship had any hope of gathering the trust of the public. In 1945, at the end of the war, Lor San Tekka emerged with a chemical that when placed into the septal region of the brain would allow any new information that would be filtered into the brain to become the victim’s beliefs and thoughts. The fellowship used the chemical on Roosevelt, demanding that Roosevelt introduce the fellowship as the supreme rulers of the United States. In subsequent years, the fellowship spread across the world, systemizing and brainwashing political rulers and publically murdering any citizens who dared fight against the fellowship. This included a rebellion in the 1980s. They called themselves Contrivice. After a blood bath that lasted two years, the resistance forces of Contrivice were defeated and the First Order rose to power, flooding the world with its rules and regulations, its fighters and protectors. It has become the job of the original trinity’s offspring to devote their lives to protecting Lor’s, Sheev’s, and Hego’s creation. My father, Han, of course, tried his best to live up to the task. He was a seemingly gentle man, despite his title. Well, that is what I gather from early photographs and the brief, very fleeting memories I have of his smile as a toddler. After my mother died, though, he had the ability to pen up his anger inside of himself until even the smallest thing would set him off. The television would stop working; his glasses would fall from his face; the fire left burning in the grand oak fireplace in the living room would smolder to ash; or a teacup would shatter across the thick mahogany floorboards of our Baltimore home (always far too large for simply Azrakel, my father and I) and he would fly into a fit of slanders and screams. As a young boy, I never quite understood what caused these outbursts but his moments of rage will forever paint him within my memory as a troubled man, whose eyes were too soft for all they had seen. *** Baltimore, Maryland. Winter, 2015 *** “Kylo, it’s so nice for you to actually come up from the sewers.” Snoke was sprawled across his desk just as I expected him to be. Coupled with the black suspenders, clean white shirt, pinstripe pants, and slicked back hair, he looked as greasy and disgusting as his grandfather. Snoke and I were equally capable of tearing down our own empires. Unfortunately, though, this man held more of the power than I did. A lot of it. He only sort of tolerated me because I was engaged, to my misfortune, to his sister, Phasma. “What’s your play?” I cut straight to the point. I wasn’t going to flirt around the subject with Snoke. He wasn’t worth my time. “We have new leads on—“ Snoke had only begun to speak when the office’s long mahogany doors crashed against the walls of the office. Strutting through the room was a very pissed off Anakin glaring at Snoke with disgust. Anakin Damask was the head of the First Order’s management. We all had to deal with him at one time or another as he oversaw every single thing we were doing. Nobody particularly liked the guy, but he did keep the entire organization in line. He was always the first to tip off Azrakel to what New Agers were threatening our security. Anakin was the grandchild of Hego, whom the First Order referred to only as Plagueis. He was in charge of the same operation as his grandson once the First Order had begun its quest for world domination. From what I hear, Plagueis was as difficult to deal with as Anakin was. The difference was that Sheev—whom the First Order referred to as Sidious--wouldn’t deal with Plagueis’s outbursts. Snoke, on the other hand, found Anakin’s ball-busting comical and often instigated his pathetic tirades for his own personal amusement. “I told you you incompetent little shit not to fuck with the coffee futures until I sweetened the deal in Columbia’s facilities. How many fucking times do I have to tell you?!” Anakin snarled as he shoved me out of the way to get to Snoke. He slammed his palms down on the desk right beside where Anakin’s feet were folded over a stack of excel spreadsheets and a biography of Franklin Roosevelt. “Annie, baby, I—“ “Undo it. I don’t care what you do. You’re about to fuck up this entire operation!” Oh how we all hated the classic commodity ops. I was never involved in these because we usually didn’t have to systematize anybody to ensure coffee futures or options on frozen orange concentrate given that all commodities were controlled by some branch of the Order. The commodity trades where simply games played between facilities. Snoke would purposely fuck it up just to see Anakin tear through the financial department like a bull at a Rodeo. “Mmm. What do you think, Kylo?” Snoke asked me. I hate when he dragged me into their squabbling. They were worse than Azrakel and I and we had somewhat of an excuse. I mean, at least we were related. “Don’t bring him into this. He’s a doctor. He doesn’t run the numbers.” Snoke ignored Anakin. “Kylo, should I give any minuscule shred of my time right now towards coffee beans in the South American base?” Snoke was making me play along because he knew that in order to stay alive in this organization, I had to remain in some way subservient to him. And he knew I despised frivolous battles. I drew a deep breath through my nostrils surpassing the urge to shout my intense apathy for this situation at his smug face. “No, not particularly, Snoke.” Anakin rolled his eyes. I didn’t owe him much. He was just another head of another department. He knew my devil-may-care attitude, my distaste for Sidious’s prodigy, and my frankly innate ability to tell somebody to go fuck themselves. Anakin walked towards me, a smirk growing on his face. “I know why you’re here. I know they found your pathetic girlfriend.” “ How dare you !” I snarled. That woman meant nothing to me. She couldn’t mean anything to me… *** Baltimore, Maryland. That Wednesday, 1995 *** Finn Wexely had been glaring at me since the start of Mrs. Organa’s class. The kid was Mrs. Organa’s teacher-in-training who came by occasionally. He was quiet; reserved. I am guessing, however, it was because he had no ties to the First Order and knew the connections that many of the students had. Finn looked to be around twenty years old, probably just out of college. Not once had I ever spoken to him, not once had I ever gotten into trouble with the guy. But there he was, staring me down as if I had ran over his dog on the way to school or insulted his mother. After class, Finn grabbed my shoulder and dragged me into another hallway. His grip was firm, but he did not seem hostile. “Who the fuck do you think you are?” I screamed at Finn. As a legacy of the First Order, nobody handled me that way. Who the hell did this simple citizen think he was? “Listen to me,” Finn whispered, his words muddled together. “I don’t have much time.” He slipped me a piece of paper. “Meet me here.” He let go of me then and ran off down the hallway. He flung the door open with full strength in his haste, the door making an ungodly noise against the school’s brick wall. First, I scoffed. Seriously. Who the hell did this punk think he was? Was he a New Ager? Then I stood perplexed at the strange meeting. My twelve year old self became so intrigued by the event that I could barely feel the piece of paper between my fingers. “Hey, Ben.” My enemy called to me from across the hall. His voice was deep and stern, as if I had done something wrong. Ben had been my name before I was fully sanctioned into the Order’s ranks; an honor that occurs when a legacy member reaches 16 years of age. That being said, however, I had always known my enemy as Snoke. He probably had a name like I did, but nobody ever told me it. “What are you doing here?” From what I knew from Han and Snoke’s mother, Padme, Snoke was about seventeen years old. His presence here was odd. He approached me, flanked by Anakin and Anakin’s friend, Hux. Hux wasn’t a legacy member but his family had bought their way into high ranks in the First Order. I knew that both him and Anakin were around the same age as Snoke. Aside from that, my knowledge of them was limited. My father wasn’t exactly the most social of the legacy members in the Order. The menacing glaze coating Snoke’s face disturbed me. The harsh stares shared by Hux and Anakin did not help to settle my nerves either. Snoke slammed his fist on the lockers right next to my face causing me to jump. Snoke chuckled a slow, deep laugh. “Give me that piece of paper, Ben.” Without thinking, I dipped under Snoke’s arm and ran towards the door Finn had disappeared out of earlier. I could hear the three teenagers’ feet stomp behind me as they ran after me. I flew through the school door, the fear pooling in my gut when I didn’t hear the crash on the wall. Snoke wasn’t far behind me. I didn’t make it past the parking lot before I could feel strong arms grasp me from behind and shove me down onto the concrete. I flailed against the boys’ arms, Hux grasping me from one side and Anakin from the other. “Let go of me!” I shouted, thrashing back and forth. The boys laughed. I could see Snoke’s black sneakers in front of me. I watched as small bits of white paper began to float gently across them. He had torn up Finn’s letter. I did not even notice that he took it from my hand. Snoke’s two fingers pressed firmly against my chin and forced my head up to look at him. His blond hair covered a part of his face and I could only see one angry green eye from behind it. “Listen to me, Ben. You ever talk to that prick again and I will kill you and him.” Snoke seethed. I could feel tears pierce the sides of my eyes. What had I done? Mixed emotions began to swell inside me. I was torn between defeat and sadness and rage; pure and unadulterated, threatening to take Snoke down with me. But I was outnumbered. If I tried anything, Hux and Anakin would make sure I didn’t’ get away with it. I simply nodded my head. Snoke pulled his fingers out from under my chin. Instead of letting go of me however, he grabbed my chin firmly in his hand. He softly caressed my cheek, a smirk growing on his face. Then his fist collided with my cheek, a punch like iron that left me dumbfounded, bruised, and overcome with pain. “I shouldn’t expect any less from the son of Han Solo.” Snoke’s fist met my nose. He knocked me against Anakin and Hux who were still holding me back, enjoying the entertainment. I wanted to react. I wanted to tell them all to shove it up their ass. I wanted to fight back. But my face was beginning to fall numb and my limbs had grown tired from fighting against the bullies tethering me to one place with human chains on the blacktop. I didn’t notice how much I was crying until Hux jammed his finger into my eye to take one of my teardrops between his fingers. “Awww maybe you should stop Snoke. I don’t think the little guy can take it” laughed Hux. “Stop,” I whispered under my breath, exhausted. “Stop.” My voice was weaker every time I attempted to plead with them to end their torture. Behind me I could hear the laughs and comments about how bruised and bloody my face must have been. The voices began to fade into a distant murmur as I began to black out. My eyes fluttered close. “Stop…Stop…S-“ “STOP!” A voice, soft but passionate, rang out across the asphalt. I could feel my broken body collapse to the black concrete as the boys scampered off in different directions. I could sense the pressure of two small hands encircling the tops of my arms. They shook me slightly, jostling my body gently in the stranger’s arms. “Ben,” the soft voice pleaded, calmer now. Her voice was oddly distraught and panged with worry. “Ben, answer me!” The voice tried to coax me out of the blackness I wanted so desperately to cave into. “Don’t do this to me. We need you to be okay. Come on. Ben!” The two hands shook my body with more force now. My body danced back and forth within her arms like an ocean wave rumbling across the sea, threatening to crash upon the shore and dissipate into the sand. But the voice wouldn’t let me crash. It wouldn’t let me disintegrate. My eyes peeled open slowly. Light flickered into my vision as my senses slowly returned to ground me to reality. I could feel the black asphalt hard against my lower back. I could sense the sting of my cracked lip and the throbbing pain all around the left side of my face that must have been purple and swollen from Snoke’s fist. But what was more important was what I could see . Her eyes were hazel and bright like a rock in the sun. They were worried; cautious. Her skin almost seemed translucent and frail to touch. She appeared old to me then, but, looking back she must have been in her early 20s. Her face was round, but all traces of childhood had been overshadowed by angular cheek bones and a small crease along the top of her forehead. Her hair was dark brown and long. One half crept down her shoulders while the other half was swept behind her ear. It was slightly damp as if she had just rushed through a rain storm to save me. Her full lips were open to let out the loud gasps of air that heaved through her troubled lungs stricken with panic that I could not understand. “Ben!” Her gentle voice cried when I met her forlorn gaze. She hugged my small body closer to her until my cheek was pressed firm against the crook of her neck. I reached out, fisting the sleeve of her grey coat in one hand. Dad had told me not to trust strangers, but at that moment that stranger was more of a guardian angel than a resistance fighter or New Ager in an alley. I did not know how she had found me or how she knew my name. I just remember her taking me home and laying me down on my bed. She stayed with me by my bedside until she somehow knew Azrakel would come home from school. I remember feeling so guilty that I wasn’t able to help him off of the bus. I lay in silence in my room. I could hear her shuffle against the back wall and I could feel her concerned gaze upon me. “Wh-o are you?” I finally had the strength to ask. The stranger did not speak for a few moments. We lay there again in silence. Finally, her soft voice spoke almost in whisper into the silence of the room. “I’m Rey.” “Rey.“ Rey . Like the rays of the sun, warming my timid body as it began to sink into unconsciousness. I wanted to ask the stranger more questions or even just thank her for what she had done. I even attempted to show her a ghost of a smile--any small token of my appreciation for the strange girl. But I was fading into the sea now, letting myself dissolve. The last thing I heard was the stranger’s soft hum of a beautiful melody wilting into the distance as I crashed into the sand on the shore. *** Baltimore, Maryland. Winter, 2015 *** Anakin’s palm thumping the backside of my head as he exited Snoke’s office took me from my memories. Before the doors to Snoke’s office slammed shut, I could hear his high-pitched staccato laugher flit through the air. “Did you disassociate again, Kylo?” Snoke asked, feigning concern for my tendency to retreat so far back into past memories that I would forget the present. I began to wonder how many times Anakin actually hit me upside the head before I realized that he was doing so. “What memory was it this time, mm? Which memory of her?” Snoke almost seemed interested. His eyes were staring intently into mine but his voice trailed off as if he was just keeping small talk for the sake of small talk. “Where is she?” I whispered. Snoke sighed and rolled his eyes. He pushed himself away from his desk and approached me slowly, each footstep making each one of my nerves twist in my gut. He stepped a few inches from my face to grasp my chin in between his fingers so that he could pull my face up to meet his. He glared at me intently for a moment. He knew I would not retaliate against him or try to push him off. We both knew I couldn’t afford that. “You could never let go of her for killing your father, could you?” Snoke’s voice was even, almost soothing as he teased at the rage boiling up inside me. I grabbed his wrist, holding back the urge to twist it or squeeze it until my fingers cut off his circulation. But I knew that twisting Snoke’s arm off was not going to help me. No matter what pain I caused the monster, it would never be worth the pain it would inevitably cause me. And it certainly wouldn’t pain her . “I knew you would be excited to know we found her. After all this time, after all your brooding Kylo, I knew you would want to get your hands on her.” “Then let me,” I snarled. Let me kill her. “Unfortunately, this has become bigger than whatever personal vendetta you have against the girl. It turns out that your friend has been very very busy.” Snoke let go of my chin. He waltzed back towards his desk where he leaned against the edge of the wood. His eyes were still fixed intently on mine. “She’s their leader?” Snoke merely nodded. Of course. Of course she would lead them …Contrivice. We had received word from Azrakel’s unit that whispers of the resistance army’s return were spreading around the western hemisphere. We knew little about their state now. We only could go off of what we knew of their first rebellion and run ins that we had with some of its members the night my father was killed. We knew they were highly intelligent, very secretive, and expertly trained freedom fighters. To date we had only uncovered three: Rey--who we were never able to catch--, Finn, who is laying somewhere six feet under in a corn field, and a rogue First Order member code named Delilah Blue who murdered Snoke’s father in the 1980s rebellion. She was killed by Padme before she could escape from the base. “How many did you find?” “Eight. Maybe more. Rey included. They have come to the states from Peru after doing some minor damage to the facilities there. Why they failed to finish the job, I am not sure. We have tracked their location to here in Baltimore under the alias Luke Skywalker. Unfortunately, the base that certain intelligence of ours had led us to had been compromised. The place was cleaned out. But according to recent data from Lando, we know they’re close,” Snoke continued. “Who got this information?” Before Snoke could answer me, there was a loud knock on the office door. “Phasma, darling, is that you?” called Snoke. “Yes, sir,” spoke a mild-mannered female voice from outside the door. “Just the lady I needed to see.” Snoke said under his breath as he strutted over to open the door for one of his favorite operatives on the team. As the man’s sister, he was closer to no other person in this hell-hole. “Kylo, sweetheart, what are you doing here?” Phasma leaned in and placed a small kiss upon my cheek. She was rather fond of me, despite my dislike for her. Everybody said I was a lunatic to have bad feelings towards the girl. She was intelligent, yes, charming, and I admit she was attractive with her big blue eyes and long blonde hair. However, there was something about her that made her appear to me as a mirage. I could sense that there was more to her beneath the visage she wore day in and day out. Her sweet demeanor seemed too commonplace for a woman of her history and bloodline. I, respecting my own judgement, could not trust her. Yet, I was arranged to marry her in order to sustain the original First Order bloodline. “Kylo and I were just discussing our little situation from last night,” Snoke commented. Phasma swung her arms around my neck, pressing our bodies close. She gave me a quick chaste kiss. “Did you tell him?” She asked, turning to her brother. “Tell me what?” “That little Annie is the rat and Azrakel’s busy with some other stuff right now so you’ve been elected to do a little snooping. You can do that, right, babe?” “Hold up,” I protested, “you want me to spy on Anakin?” What the fuck was going on here? “We have very good reason to speculate that Anakin was the one who told Contrivice that we were coming for them. Now, I need to know if he can tell us where Contrivice relocated to. He gave away the first location pretty easily when Azrakel’s unit was listening in on his phone conversations. I just need you to follow him tomorrow, see what happens, and report back to me. You do brain surgery for a living, Kylo. I think you can handle this one.” I wanted to fight this and tell Snoke that I’ve already drenched my hands in enough dirt and blood for this fucker on a daily basis. Why did I have to get involved in this? Especially with a dick like Anakin? But I knew I didn’t really have a choice. Snoke’s orders were final. “Okay, sir. I’ll track him.” Snoke smiled a brilliant false smile that was greatly unnerving. It was as if he was hiding something. Of course I did not know then that I was missing something…that I was missing something the size of a black hole. At that moment I was only concerned about staying alive and surviving the monster’s orders. Chapter 3 : Out of the Lion's Den ***Baltimore, Maryland. December, 1995*** Rachmaninoff’s Piano Concerto no. 2, Adigio Sosustunu, became the lullaby rocking me away from every paranoid thought and every pang of fear in my stomach that arose whenever I thought of Finn and the shreds of paper torn up around Snoke’s feet. It was the song from the hazel-eyed girl that she had gently hummed as I slipped into a comfortable unconsciousness. At the time, I did not know what melody the stranger in the grey coat had used to lull me to sleep, but I heard it, by chance, playing from my father’s record player when I stumbled in the door on the anniversary of my mother’s death. It did not strike me as odd that the stranger and my father happened to know the same tune. Classical music was classical music, after all. So, as I stumbled into my living room that day I thought that it was merely coincidence. By the time December rolled around and the ground began to freeze over in a white-glazed mist, my anxiety had almost but diminished. I was able to draw myself away to a place where I could feel safe. In a field by the sea surrounded by tall blades of billowing grass and tall flowers colored blue, peach, and blood red, my unusual brown-haired savior would lie next to me in the field, the waves lightly crashing against our feet. She would hum me the melody in C minor until I was at peace. It worked to settle the fear that Finn may return. And when Finn did return for me, my artificial sanctuary by the sea could not save me from him. **Luray, Virginia. Present Day** While I hate to give the girl credit, Kor was able to track Anakin to a small café in Luray, Virginia. Of course she had some much needed assistance from Lando, but I must admit she was good at what she did. Now if only she could be here now watching paint dry instead of me… Anakin was clearly waiting for somebody to join him. He was dressed conservatively in blue jeans and a flannel shirt sipping black coffee from a ceramic white mug. Lando had been able to tap his cell phone, but so far we did not have luck finding any incriminating evidence that Anakin was, indeed, a rat. Though why else would he come out to fucking Luray, Virginia? The town was charming, I suppose, and that was exactly the problem with it. I sat in the corner of the café. My curly black hair was covered in a dirty blonde wig. I wore matching facial hair and contacts were placed in my eyes to change them from chocolate brown to a faint blue. I wore a trucker’s cap that read “Sweet Home Alabama,” torn blue jeans, and a checkered red and blue shirt. I should probably have smelled of gasoline or something but unfortunately I think I smelled of Armani Code. I was a brain surgeon. I was no spy. An hour had passed and Anakin was still sitting by himself in the corner staring at the wood paneled walls. I would hate to know what would be going on in that guy’s head. I knew very little of where he came from or who his parents were. When I met Anakin he was living with Snoke. I never did find out what happened to his parents. I always speculated that they were causalities of the 1980s rebellion and were killed by Contrivice. The First Order buried it to mask any fear that Contrivice may have the strength to tear down the Order. If that was the case, I don’t necessarily blame them. Contrivice were evil and lying traitors and their name should not be honored with fear. I curse myself every day for even trusting them…for trusting Finn…for trusting her … **Baltimore, Maryland, December 1995** I met Finn Wexely again on a Monday after school in the middle of December. The snow had really begun to fall earlier that day and the ground was slathered with a thick blanket of white. I was face first on the frozen floor, the snow sneaking up my nostrils and chilling my bones. I had tripped like an idiot when I saw him standing on the other side of the school’s parking lot. I hadn’t seen the kid in months and I was grateful that he seemed to have disappeared. I began to drift to the sea where the ground below me was not a patch of hardened snow freezing the patches of exposed skin below my winter coat. Instead they were blades of soft grass tickling my elbows, my wrists, and my cheeks and the hazel-eyed stranger swept them away from my eyes. Though I could not hear it, her body and face moved as if she was laughing. The Russian composer’s beautiful sonata played faintly in the background of my vision. I reached over to the stranger, wishing to fiddle with the black buttons on her grey coat. But before I could place one of the buttons between my fingers, a firm hand on my shoulder dragged me away from the girl by the sea. “Hey! Ben!” Finn flipped me over so the snow was no longer running into my nose. “Listen to me!” I attempted to back away from him. I wanted nothing to do with the boy and the pain he had caused me. “Ben, please! Please! We don’t have time.” His voice echoed the fear building inside of me. “Please leave me alone!” I shouted. “Shhh! Ben, please. I need to talk with you before they see us.” “Who? Snoke?” Finn simply nodded. There was a sincerity in his eyes that, at twelve years old, I could not quite understand. Looking back at it now, I think there was something I saw in Finn that convinced me to grab his hand. I was a foolish child after all. I always said it was my fear of Snoke, but I think the truth is that I liked Finn. I somehow trusted Finn. I let Finn pull me to my feet. On instinct, I shoved my arms close to my chest to keep in the heat. Snow was still caught inside of my jacket and it was melting slowly on my skin. “I’m sorry they were such assholes. You don’t deserve that.” Finn told me as I followed him behind the school. I tucked my head down, partially embarrassed by the generosity of the student teacher I never talked to. “Th-thanks Finn,” I answered. I didn’t know what else to say. I was also slightly embarrassed that he must have seen me getting beaten to a pulp out on the black top. I wanted to get mad that he didn’t help me, but my anger was caught by a rather irrational thought. If Finn had helped me, I may never have met my stranger. Finn appeared more paranoid than I was as we were walking. He was always checking behind his shoulder. At one point on our walk down foreign Baltimore streets he sharply grabbed my elbow to lead me down a small alley way as if the movement was meant to throw some other party off that may be following us. Eventually we got to a small brick seven story apartment building. We walked up the stairs in the lobby to the third floor. The apartment was in better shape than I would have guessed given the rotting exterior of the apartment complex. We entered a room at the end of the hallway that led into a tiny living area with a blue couch whose arms were duck tapped together and a small television fixed upon a worn out wooden table. The living area led into a small kitchen straight out of the 80s and a single bedroom with a twin bed and a dresser. “Is this yours?” I asked Finn as he closed the curtains and turned on the overhead light in the kitchen. “Yes.” I nodded. I felt slightly uncomfortable standing in some foreign man’s apartment. “How long have you been here?” “It’s not important,” was all he said. “Okay…SHIT!” I screamed, seeing the digital clock on his microwave. “Is that the time? My little brother is going to wonder where I am. He waits for me to come back from school.” I couldn’t worry Azrakel. I owed him that much. He had been the best little brother to me—always trying to avoid making my stupid mistakes or when we would attempt to take care of each other when dad would disappear for days and days on end. “Azrakel’s fine. You’re fine. Relax” “What do you mean? I won’t be home! What if he calls my father?! What if Snoke finds out? Wait…How do you know my brother’s name? Who are you?” “Shh. Ben please calm down and please please be quiet, little man. Okay. I handled it.” “What the hell do you mean you handled it? And Little man ? What the hell do I look like to you?” “Ben. Ben. Listen to me. Calm down. You’re fine. Trust me.” And there were those words. Trust me . As if words could somehow mend all the chaos in this moment. He wanted those words to calm my racing heart and my accelerated pulse. He wanted those words to muffle my fifty questions and make me silent, complacent even, to what he needed to say. And I took them. I took those two words and I folded them within my brain. And with a nod of my head, I let those words flow through my body like blood and like water, seeping further into every cell until I was, indeed, complacent to the strange baffled boy in front of me. I sunk into the couch feeling overwhelmed and terrified. Finn notably relaxed as he watched me fall on to his shredded couch. He took one more moment to spy through the peep hole before securely locking us into the apartment. The click of the lock sounded like a firecracker in our silence. Finally, Finn looked at me with only fear and sadness in his dark brown stare. “What is going on?” I asked, tears pricking my eyes. Finn went into the kitchen where he grabbed a white envelope from the top of the refrigerator. He handed it to me. “Open this when you’re in your house and alone. Do not let Azrakel see it. This is for you and for you only, do you understand me, Ben?” Finn spoke slowly and in a hushed voice. I timidly took the envelope from Finn’s hand. I wanted so desperately to rip it open and see what it was. “You took me here just to give me an envelope?” I asked. Surely, he could have just slipped it to me in the school parking lot… “You know there are eyes everywhere. You of all people know that.” Finn responded. I admitted, he was right. My brain was spinning. I didn’t know I was breathing heavily until Finn’s hand was rubbing my back, pleading to me to calm down. “Who are you?” I needed to know. “I can’t tell you yet. But soon. Soon you’ll know everything.” We sat in silence for a long time. I was so overcome with fear and confusion that I could not retreat to my seaside sanctuary. Eventually Finn began to stress that I needed to leave and get home. I remembered Azrakel. Finn said he had handled it, but I did need to get back to him. I stood up and walked to the doorway with Finn. I watched him unlock the deadbolt and then the safety locks before opening the door. He stuck his head out in the hallway, searching in all directions for a sign of life. When he seemed sure that nobody was watching us, he motioned for me to follow him out the door. We walked about a mile away from his apartment before Finn called me a cab to get me the rest of the way home. Before the car pulled in front of us, he sunk down to his knees so that he was eye level with me. “I’ll see you soon, Ben, “Finn told me, “you’re going to be alright.” He hugged me then. His embrace felt comforting despite the worried lines creasing both of our faces. Finn disappeared before the car arrived. It was the last time I ever saw him alive. *** Luray, Virginia. Present Day *** I was rocked from my flashback when a tall figure dressed in a dark green sweatshirt, dark wash Levis, and a long curly beard shook Anakin’s hand. I watched Anakin, finally with some amount of interest, as the man handed Anakin a manila envelope. Anakin opened it and pulled out a black cell phone. It was old and basic; a simple flip phone with a camera. But more importantly, it was likely our evidence. The tall bearded man turned on his heel. Before he could walk away, however, Anakin grabbed his hand, slowly entwining their fingers together. He gave the bearded man a very devious wink before he let go of the man’s hands, letting his fingers drag across the length of the bearded man’s palm to the tips of his fingernails. It was an odd exchange. Almost intimate, even. I preferred not to think too much into it, though. Understanding Anakin’s sexual preferences was not my mission at the moment. Anakin stared at the blank walls of the café for another 20 minutes before exiting. I was surprised when he left a decent tip on the table for the waitress whose table he had monopolized for what seemed like hours. I waited another 15 minutes before exiting the café myself. As soon as I got into my car (well a borrowed car. I drove Aston Martins, not whatever American pickup this was), I drove out of Luray before calling Lando. He picked up on the first ring. “Watcha got, bro?” “He has a cell phone. A different one. Some guy, tall, black beard, gave it to him in the café. I think that’s your best bet.” “What kind?” “I think it was a Samsung. Very basic. Like it flipped, it wasn’t new.” “Color?” “Black.” “I’m on it.” The line went dead before I could say another word. By the time I returned to base, a hit had already been placed on Anakin. Apparently Lando was able to track the phone down in a matter of minutes. The First Order recruited the best and brightest, after all. Lando was laughing to himself and a few of his co-workers about Anakin’s stupidity when I returned. “Who the hell gets such an old phone like that? It’s harder to track down the iphone that everybody has!” He cackled as I approached him. “Kylo!” He shouted as he threw his arms around me in a bro-hug. “You’re fucking awesome, man! You’re going to give your brother a run for his money.” “I sat in a café, Lando. Surgery’s harder,” I scoffed, embracing him back. “What did you find?” “Well, ha, can’t tell you. Snoke says you’ll get that sad puppy dog look in your eyes and that you’ll get all “revenge-Kylo” on all of us. Okay, he didn’t completely say that. But that was the gist.” “’Sad puppy dog look’? What did Snoke actually say?” I demanded. This was ridiculous. I had done work for another department with little notice and no training and I wasn’t even allowed to hear the results. “Well. I mean. Kylo, it deals with…” he sunk his voice down into a whisper, “ her. ” “Lando!” Snoke sang, his arms above his head in artificial joy. “How is Azrakel’s research coming along? Will that prick Anakin be gone by tonight?” He wore a smile the whole time he spoke, laughing through every other word. I could feel my face tighten as Snoke spoke. I knew everybody had some inkling of what my fleeting relationship was with the girl who killed my father, but I never knew everybody realized how much she grated at me. I didn’t realize that they all knew that I pictured her everyday lying in a pool of her own blood, breathless. I could hear the laughs continuing around me. “Tonight?” I broke in. “What the hell did you all uncover?” “Oh Kylo you know this isn’t your department. Don’t you have somebody’s brain to pick out?” Snoke’s voice was almost mocking. I felt like slamming him down onto Lando’s desk and strangling him. “Snoke, what the fuck did you guys uncover?” “Now, must we swear? Your dear mother taught you better, didn’t she? Certainly your father did, may Palpatine rest his weak soul.” And with Snoke’s words I snapped. I grabbed Snoke by his throat, not giving a damn what consequences there were for doing so. I pushed him back into the wall. I could hear the gasps from the other agents in Lando’s unit as they watched me force his body violently against the plaster. Snoke tried not to seem like he was uncomfortable but it became harder and harder for him to keep his composure with my hand pressing into his throat. “Don’t you dare bring my family into this you son of a bitch,” I snarled through my teeth. Snoke tried to laugh as he began to gasp for air. “Now, tell me,” I enclosed my fist tighter around his windpipe, “what was on Anakin’s phone?” Snoke stretched his neck, pleading with his gasps for air. “KYLO!” Two hands gripped my shoulders and tried to force me to let go of Snoke. I glanced to see who it was and noticed the petite and pale blonde-headed girl, her eyes wild with concern. I loosened by grip on Snoke’s throat. He heaved for air as I allowed it to return to his lungs. “Sweetheart, unhand my brother.” Phasma’s voice was calm. I glared at her and I could feel my nostrils flaring in my anger. How dare she speak to me that way? Just because we were getting married did not mean I had to enjoy it. It was strictly political. Did she truly think she could calm me down with such a simple word as sweetheart ? For years I had been alone in my vision by the sea, beckoning for somebody to come in and save me from the hate I felt towards so many in the First Order and elsewhere. And Lord fucking knows it wasn’t Phasma. I unhanded her brother despite my ferocity. Snoke quickly collapsed to the floor. Phasma was smart enough to move in between us before Snoke could jump for my throat. “Snoke, I don’t want this shit from you,” she hissed at her brother as he picked himself off the floor in an attempt to lurch towards me. “What is going on between you two?” “This dick—“ I began. “Kylo!” Phasma shouted at me. She turned around to scowl at me as she did so. “Your brother,” I amended, “isn’t sharing important information that I think we all should know.” Phasma looked at her brother with a troubled look. “Is this about Anakin?” As I exclaimed a resounding “yes,” Snoke spat a furious “no,” which did nothing to calm Phasma’s rage and concern. But she was too smart to lose control and lash out at both of us. “Brother, what is going on? What did you find on Anakin’s phone?” Snoke and I both balked at his sister. She never took anybody else’s side but Snoke’s. “We can talk about this in private.” “No,” Phasma growled, “you can tell me in front of your future brother-in-law. If you don’t, I will tell him myself. We’re getting married in less than a month and you should probably start getting used to this, brother.” I cringed slightly when Phasma mentioned our upcoming wedding date. Snoke drew in a large breath as he slowly clenched and unclenched his jaw. “We found out where Contrivice is. Turns out they aren’t far. They’re staying in a small house outside of Luray.” Snoke turned towards me, his eyes almost burning into mine. He wore a smirk that made me want to punch him in his clean translucent face. “We confirmed that Anakin had been working with their leader, Rey.” Snoke let my hazel-eyed enemy’s name roll off of his tongue. He lingered on her name as he stared me down. “So we strike tonight before they can get away again.” I didn’t show an ounce of emotion as I spoke to Snoke. I could not let him know how much Rey’s name burned me; how much her name left me craving for revenge. “Klyo, Kylo, Kylo,” Snoke chuckled, “do you think I didn’t think of that first, silly boy?” I tried to ignore his mockery. “So is Azrakel’s team going in?” “Kylo, it’s done. She’s all trussed up and waiting for you downstairs.” Snoke smiled a toothy smile, menacing and conniving. I could feel my face go white and the blood in my veins freeze as my body fell cold. All of these years waiting for her…waiting for the moment to see her again…for the moment to make her feel the same pain she made me feel…and here I was. There was no more waiting. Revenge was right below my feet. Snoke slithered around Phasma and moved beside me. He bent his head down slightly to whisper in my ear. “You’re welcome,” he cooed, “just don’t kill her yet. I have plans for her.” Snoke stalked out of Lando’s unit. I could hear from the distance the slam of his office door. I didn’t know I was shaking until Phasma grabbed my hand. “Sweetie, maybe we should go to bed.” I didn’t pay any attention to her. How I could I drift off into sleep like a lamb, defenseless, when the lion was ready to devour? No, I could not sleep. I needed to get downstairs. I needed to see my hazel-eyed angel from hell. Chapter 4 : Daniel **Baltimore, Maryland. That Night. 1995** My hand was steady on the doorknob for too long. I was afraid to open it. I knew that as soon as I stepped inside, I would need to slip away upstairs and open the letter. I knew that nobody had a gun to my head beckoning me to open it, but inside I understood that I could never resist seeing what was inside. I opened the door slowly. “BEN!” Azrakel shouted at me when he heard the door slam. He scampered into the foyer, throwing his arms around me. “Hey, Azy,” I said with little emotion in my voice. I should have been more enthusiastic. I didn’t want to draw attention to the secret I kept tucked away inside my winter jacket. Additionally, it concerned me why Azrakel couldn’t know what the letter said. Whatever it was, surely he would find out eventually. We were both heirs to the hierarchy of the First Order. Granted, he was the youngest child of a legacy. More burden and prestige was placed on the older child. For starters, Azrakel wasn’t required to adapt a new name when he came of age. Only I was to adopt a new name. I have a theory that that is why my mother gave him such a bad ass name like Azrakel while she simply named me after one her best friends. Younger siblings also did not gain leadership rank. Azrakel, of course, would become the exception when he would later be recruited to head the investigations unit. Even the First Order was not dumb enough to follow a blind rule over legitimate talent. The rule seemed to follow Palpatine’s grandchildren, however. While Snoke was the leader of the financial analytics unit, Phasma, the younger of the two, was a simple operative in the financial unit alongside Snoke. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t back earlier. Are you okay?” I asked Azrakel as I pulled us out of the hug. Looking at the kid’s face, I wasn’t too concerned. Azrakel seemed very happy. Nothing seemed to be out of place…. “There was a woman here,” Azrakel answered, “she said she knew dad. She didn’t really talk much. She just sat in the corner and hummed a bit.” The sound of that uneased me. She hummed . Surely it couldn’t have been her … “Did she tell you her name?” “Um….Fey? No wait…” “Rey.” I answered for him. “Yeah! That was it!” I blanched. Finn said he had taken care of my little brother. Of course it would be the hazel-eyed stranger that had helped me. Did that mean Finn knew the odd trench-coated girl? I wanted to ask Azrakel a million questions, but I didn’t want to trouble him. “Do you know her?” Azrakel was oddly excited. “Yeah. Met her a few years back. One of dad’s old friends,” I lied. I quickly needed to change the subject. “How’s that maybe girl friend of yours? Have you seen her in a while?” We talked about Azrakel’s life while the envelope weighed heavily in my jacket. He was four years younger than me and too young to fully understand who he was in the world and what his life would be. Perhaps that is why Finn did not want Azrakel to read the letter. But his innocence was calming in that moment. His simple tribulations and often thought-less actions existed in such contrast to the fear and terror I had experienced today. So I let myself drown in a snapshot of Azrakel’s life story, letting myself forget about Finn and the letter and the First Order. I hadn’t realized that I had listened to Azrakel go on for an hour when Snoke appeared on my door step not long after the sun went down to tell me that Finn was dead and lying in the back of his trunk. I needed to go with him to a small town outside of Baltimore to bury Finn’s remains in the frozen ground. I recall feeling a subtle painful pull in my chest when I first heard that Finn was dead. A small hole began to form in the pit of my stomach, but it was shallow and artificial. The less civilized majority of me allowed the immense relief to flood through me and trickle through my bloodstream until not even the brief rush of guilt could shroud my thankfulness for the strange boy’s death. If Finn was dead, that meant I didn’t have to face the letter still bearing a foreign weight next to my chest. I didn’t ask Snoke any questions when I told Azrakel that Snoke’s friend was going to watch him while I was away. I didn’t want to know the answer. I assumed that they had observed one of our exchanges or traced my cab ride back to his small 80s apartment. I stopped my thoughts there. Each time I tried to press further, the small tug of guilt in my chest would swell. It would threaten to overcome my comfort with the thought of how they killed Finn and what his face looked like when he died. After about 45 minutes, Snoke stopped his car on the side of the road by a desolate corn field somewhere in Maryland. He opened the trunk where Finn’s body was bundled in a white sheet tied together with thick string. He told me to grab his feet, but I was suddenly struck with the actualization of the scene in front of me. The comfort I had felt was finally overcome by that small shallow hole that opened up quickly, sucking in my relief until I felt nothing but shame, disgust, and fear. I knew that below the thin fabric was the boy who had seemed so desperate to help me for whatever the reason was; a reason that was still pressing against my chest within my coat. I suddenly could feel the blood on my hands, knowing the body in the trunk was my fault and, in many ways, mine alone. I stood shaking as realty overwhelmed me. I closed my eyes hoping that I could return to the field by the sea, but I couldn’t focus. I couldn’t breathe. Snoke noticed my hesitation. “Get over it,” he sneered, “at least you didn’t have to put the bullet through his eyes.” I shivered at Snoke’s words. The hole was breaking through every inch of my skin and taking me inside of it. Snoke shoved me, yelling at me to pick up the body. Like I was on autopilot, I grabbed Finn’s feet as Snoke took his shoulders. We carried his body through the stalks of the corn field. Each towering plant seemed as if it was ready to devour me for the crime I had committed. I wished to the world that they would have. We finally reached an open patch in the field when the moonlight had disappeared behind a dark passing cloud. Snoke dropped the body on the ground in the formidable blackness. His body hit the thin white layer of snow with a thud as Snoke reached into his back pocket to retrieve a flash light. A thin veil of faint white light enveloped Finn’s encased body and tears began to blur my vision. I kept trying to return to my sanctuary, to her, to the one woman who had ever comforted me in the face of something traumatizing. But, like before, she couldn’t guide me away from my fate this time. Snoke handed me the shovel. “Start digging.” Time pressed slowly while Snoke and I dug deeper and deeper until we had dug about 5 feet in. The ground was just beginning to freeze up and each dig, while manageable, was underwhelming compared to how much dirt the shovel could have churned. Luckily, we had not yet hit the New Year when the ground would become rock solid. I hated to think of how we would have disposed of Finn if we couldn’t bury him. Somehow a burial in a Maryland corn field appeared the most respectful way to erase the boy I barely knew. I did not know that I was practically sobbing until Snoke shouted at me. “Suck it up, kid. This rat was a threat to everything our parents built!” His breath spilled hot down my neck where the harsh winter air stung the exposed skin. “He wasn’t even your fucking friend!” I whipped around to glare at him. “Yeah well neither are you!” I screamed back at him. He was taller than me by almost a foot and I had to stand on my tip-toes just to attempt to meet his eyes. “You didn’t know him,” I pleaded, tears forming around the lids of my eyes as Snoke picked up the shovel. And when I said that I knew that I didn’t know Finn either, but his life was on my hands at that moment. “Don’t be such a dumbass, Kylo! He’s just another rat. He was never working with your dad!” And there it was for the first time… Kylo . While I was not called that name again until I became of age, the sound of it from Snoke’s lips was still a bitter memory. I didn’t bother questioning it. I knew that it would eventually be my name if I did not perish in that wasteland that night. It only made my heart sink further when I realized that this moment was a milestone for me in my journey towards becoming a legacy of the First Order. What pained me even more was the voice in the back of my head that told me that I belonged here, burying this boy in the dirt. I let the feeling subside as rage boiled up inside me at the mention of my father. “What about my dad?” I shouted at Snoke. “You didn’t read that letter, did you kid?” Snoke asked me with a smirk. I reached inside my jacket, lifting the weight from the inside pocket. I stared at the sealed envelope with shaky hands. Snoke snatched it from my fingertips. “How do you know what the letter says?” I queried as I attempted to take the letter back from Snoke. “We’ve had his shitty joint bugged for months.” “What does it say about my father?” “It’s all a lie, Ben. This letter doesn’t matter. We knew his plan. He was going to trick you just as she tricked you!” Snoke took a lighter from his pocket and I watched as the letter ignited in glorious flames as freeing as they were damning. But I was too focused on the anxiety and anger raising inside of me at the mention of her . “She?” I played dumb. “The girl on the black top. We knew who she was. It wasn’t the right time then to kill her, though, ya know? But, let me tell you, it was funny as hell watching her comfort you…lull you into a false sense of security. And Azrakel, too. Yeah I know she was at your house today. You’ve got a lot of learning to do, brother. And I’m going to help you as soon as we bury him and kill her. You just gotta cooperate.” “LIAR!” I flung my fist forward at Snoke. How could he say these things about my stranger? I couldn’t believe him, even though, in the back of my mind I knew he was right. It was all too convenient. What, both Finn and Rey showing up at the same time…both far too interested in me…. I had never seen either of them in my life. Despite the tiny voice of rationality, I still prayed my fist would hit Snoke’s jaw. But I was too weak, my arms were too short, and I was too young to be messing with Snoke. He grabbed my arm with little effort before it made contact with his body. He twisted it around, shattering the bones in my left arm as he shoved my body against the frozen ground. Face down on the dead field of corn, stained now with the blood that trickled from the gash on my forehead, I felt the back of the shovel scrape gently across my scalp, through the strands of my curly black hair. “Now, bury him or you’ll be buried with him.” Snoke’s voice was low and gruff. “Then bury me,” I spat, “I don’t want this!” I was sobbing. My world was collapsing. I was waiting for Snoke to clobber me over the head with the shovel. In my attempt to accept whatever fate awaited me--whether it be death in the corn field buried next to Finn Wexely or life in a twisted world where I felt somewhat satisfied burying boys in dirt-- I faded into my sanctuary with the trench-coated girl. I forced the rational voice inside of me telling me that Snoke was right to retreat and to surrender. I couldn’t bear to lose her now. I imagined her taking me in her arms like she did when I first met her. I imagined her sprouting wings like an angel. Her wings would cloak us in ice blue feathers, shrouding us from the terrors that lurked just outside of the small field by the sea. She would take me away, somewhere, anywhere. She would take me someplace where she knew we could both be safe. “Ben, do you hear me?” I could hear her whisper. “Ben!” Her voice grew louder. Why was she so concerned? Why was she so afraid? We could be safe anywhere she chose to take us… “BEN!” The shout of my name awoke me. The brilliant colors of my sanctuary transformed to the bleak and melancholy darkness of the corn field. The first thing I saw was Snoke, lying nearly motionless on the ground next to Finn’s body. The shovel was still in his hands. The next thing I noticed were the worried hazel eyes staring into my own. “Rey?” I whispered. I reached out for the black buttons on her trench coat, hoping to God she was real. I could hear her laugh under her breath. I peered up to see her beaming a smile that made my heart sink. It was a smile unlike one I had seen, even from my father before Mother had passed away. I couldn’t put my finger on it. I just knew I felt comforted, whole. I wanted to reach out to touch the stranger’s face. I wanted to make sure she didn’t stop smiling. I moved my hand slowly to her cheeks before Anakin, whose presence in the corn field went unnoticed by both of us, put a bullet in Rey’s arm. And just like that, her beautiful smile vanished. Rey grabbed her arm. I could see the blood begin to seep into the fabric of her trench coat, but I noticed that it was faint and light, as if the wound did not greatly injure her. She used her remaining energy—although quite a lot despite the bullet in her arm—to grab a glock from her coat pocket. I instinctively covered my ears as my hazel eyed stranger began shooting at Anakin as he retreated into the blackness of the corn field. Before he could scramble off, Rey managed to shoot Anakin in the knee. “You bitch!” Anakin yelled. Padme appeared at that moment from the stalks and took Anakin into her arms. She shushed him and motioned for other men to come out from the shadows of the field. As they appeared in the clearing, Rey ran off in the other direction, leaving me alone in the chaos. There were three tall men each with dark hair and suits. One attended to Anakin’s wounds while Padme went to check on her son. “He’s fine. He’s just unconscious,” she explained to another one of the men. The third approached me. “You must be Han’s boy,” he stated blankly as he offered his hand. I hesitantly took it as Padme turned to the third man. “Get him back to his home. She could be coming for Han. We’ll finish up here.” Ice rushed back into my veins. “What do you mean she is coming for my dad?” I couldn’t lose him too . Padme came over to me and put her hands on my face. “Ben,” she began, “that woman you call Rey is against us. She’s been trying to comfort you, to comfort Azrakel, to gain your trust, so that she could get close to your father. She’s a liar, Ben. She’s deceptive and she will murder your father if one of us doesn’t kill her first. He will go with you,” she explained, pointing to the third man. “I will not be far behind you. We will take care of this, Ben. Your father is going to be fine.” I could feel tears beginning to prick the corner of my eyes as the small rational voice dropped its white flag and proceeded in a fully-fledged battle charge, canons, muskets, drummers, fifers, and all. Hearing the truth from Snoke was somehow mocking. That kid owed me nothing and the most time I had spent with him was when he was smashing my face to pieces. But now the truth was coming from my father’s best friend. She was a woman who cared for him probably more than I did and a woman who had been the one thing to move him forward once our mother died. She had saved his life once and all she was trying to do now was save it again. Sickness twisted inside of me at the realization that the woman I trusted—the girl in my seaside sanctuary—was going to kill my father. I felt betrayed and broken as I began to realize how much of a fool I had been to trust Rey, to trust Finn. I could feel violent anger rise within me. It was a rage that I had never felt before and a rage that I have felt every day since. It was burdened with shame and regret and vicious abhorrence for my once glorious angel who had now fallen swiftly and suddenly from grace. More importantly, the rage was also alight with a new hope for my destiny and for the First Order. It was a sign of a new life and a new mission. I was my father’s son, and, as such, it was my legacy to protect the First Order and everybody in it. And in that moment I allowed fire to spread across my seaside sanctuary. Each blade of grass burned into the ground. The sea shrunk up within itself until I was alone in a desolate wasteland, the hazel-eyed traitor’s charred body lying lifeless at my feet. **Baltimore, Maryland, 2015** Looking at Cell 2187 was like looking upon your own grave when you are, at that moment, willing to live. It was a tomb wherein I could already see myself enclosed inside of it, lifeless before a false God. I did not want to admit that she could cripple me like I was allowing her to do. I should not have seen the cell as my final resting place. This is not where I was to die, drowning in my past shame and hatred for the woman. This is where I would finally see to my revenge that I so desperately wanted for twenty years. I could feel Poe watching me from the other end of the hallway. Until this point, I had not turned to look at him, but when I finally did I was slightly unsettled by what I saw. I expected perhaps sympathy or understanding from my long-time friend. Instead, I saw in his eyes echoes of confusion and terror, as if he was a specter at my funeral, looking in awe at my dead corpse for the first time. “You sure you want to do this?” Poe eventually whispered after a long pause of silence. His voice cracked even through his hushed tone. I nodded. It was the only reaction I could muster. We locked gazes, again allowing a long pause of silence to fill the space between us. I was desperately trying to understand what truly lay beneath his sunken, horrified eyes. I wish I could read his thoughts. “H-how…old…was she when you last saw her?” Poe finally asked me. His face had become a mask of his uneasiness. “Early 20s, maybe.” Poe nodded. He lowered his face from my view and stared at the floor for several moments. Without looking at me again, he turned on his heel and walked the opposite direction down the hallway. “Poe!” I shouted after him. He didn’t answer me. I hadn’t thought about how old she would be. She must have been in her 40s. I expected her false angelic face to be faded and marked slightly with wrinkles. But Poe had concerned me. I wonder if she got into an accident, or perhaps she had not grown older with grace. I had never, however, in my time with Poe seem him that hardened by an event. We had screwed open innocent peoples’ septal regions. What made this woman so different? I laid my hand upon my tomb. I let my nails drag across it attempting to claw into the metal as if that would do anything worth-while. With my free hand, I let my fingers caress the key code. They threatened to dial the simple four digit code to open the door. My finger was poised on the first number, trembling. With a deep and painful hole in my heart, I let my finger put pressure on the first number…and then the second…the third… When my finger ghosted over the fourth number, I pressed it before I could second guess myself. The click of the lock sent my heart racing. The door slide open slowly and I watched it with anxiety and fear like Jesus’s disciples rolling away the stone from his resting place. I stepped inside and allowed the door to shut behind me, locking me in. In the darkness of the cell, I waited for a noise…anything to prove that I was not alone and locked within my own self. To my despair, I heard nothing but my own heavy breathing. I slide my hand against the wall beside me until I felt the light switch between my fingertips. The switch felt like it weighed a hundred pounds when I flipped it on. The lights in the containment unit flickered on one by one until all four overhead lights dimly illuminated the cramped space. When my eyes adjusted, I was forced to look at her sitting with her legs bent slightly in front of her and her back against the gray wall. Her hands were tied behind her and her head was hanging low. I saw only the sweaty mess of her long dark hair covering her face and running along her neck, down across her navy blue tank top. Through a tear in her dark wash jeans, I could see a scar marked with a thin layer of dried blood. She didn’t wear any shoes. As I looked upon her frail figure, every muscle in my body clenched with my detestation for this abhorrent creature in front of me. In that moment, it would have been so easy to reach down and place my large hands around her tiny, pale throat. The desire overtook me, as I dropped down to my knees. I reached forward towards her face, my hand trembling with rage, to grab her chin from behind her curtain of straight chocolate hair. I forced her face up to look at me. When I saw her face, all urgency to destroy her dissipated for one fleeting moment. I dropped my hand from her chin and gazed in awe at the impossible vision before me. Her face was like a snapshot from my memory; the defined bones on her flushed cheeks, her slightly rounded chin, her small nose, the overwhelming worry amidst her hazel eyes. There was not a single part of her face that had been altered by the fate of time. She had not aged a day. I reached out to stroke her face, needing to touch the smooth skin of her face to believe that what I was seeing was true. As I ran my hand far too gently across her cheeks, she seemed to relax. The lines on her face subdued and her eyes softened into an expression I couldn’t quite understand. It was if she had received good news after hours of waiting in fear of something terrible that could have happened. “Ben,” she whispered, her voice soft, but groggy. My childhood name pulled me out of my trance. As quickly as it had disappeared the rage began to rise within me once more. “That’s not my fucking name,” I growled. She seemed to ignore me. “I’m surprised they let you of all people come here. I know they don’t want me dead. Not yet, anyway,” Rey laughed, interrupted by several coughs into the cold air. “So you know I mean to kill you?” My voice was shallow and as frozen as the air. I looked intently into her eyes. My hand dragged slowly across her face again, down her neck to her collar bone. She did not divert her gaze upon me even when I looked away from her eyes to stare at her neck. It would be so easy at this very moment…As she stared at me, her face suddenly grew very sad again. Her eyes were once again concealed with worry and grief, just as I had remembered them. Signs of her laughter had vanished and she grew very silent. “Ben,” she whispered again. The fire grew within the pit of my stomach at the sound of that name. I knew I couldn’t kill her but I wanted nothing more than to just squeeze. I jumped up as far away from the strange never-aging girl as I could. I turned to the grey wall in front of me and slammed it hard with my fist until my knuckles bled. “Don’t fucking call me that!” I seethed again, turning around to face her. “It’s your name. I will call you by your name.” I got down on my knees in front of her once more, reaching my hands towards her throat. I stroked the soft skin at the base of her neck, the blood from my knuckles avoiding her and trickling only down the side of my wrist. And as I held her throat, knowing that I could not kill her, that I could not finish the one thing in my life I wanted so desperately to end, my head collapsed into the crook of her neck and I began to cry on the skin of my father’s murderer. **Baltimore, Maryland. That Night. 1995** The third man stopped the car in front of my house. In that moment, the house was overwhelming. Its grand stone exterior and multiple windows appeared dark and desolate as if nobody had lived there for hundreds of years. I ran inside with the third man, calling out first for my father, and then for Azrakel. The third man wondered into the kitchen and around to the house’s second stair case, looking for any sign of life. Azrakel came running down the stairs first into the foyer. “Azy, where’s dad?” Azrakel looked confused. “He’s upstairs. He told me to shut you up and go get you.” “Is he alone? Who has been with you?” “Well, first some man came over. And then dad came home. And then Rey came back!” “Rey…Rey, Azy, where is she?” “She’s upstairs.” I didn’t think as I bolted up the stairs. I was unarmed and rather untrained and I wouldn’t know how to defend myself. Despite my lack of preparation, I was moved by the madness carrying me up the stairs through the darkness to my father’s room. I heard faint screams in the distance. There was a man’s scream followed by a woman’s, but it seemed too far away to be coming from my father’s bedroom. When I shoved the mahogany door open to his room, there was nothing but his furniture and an open window. I looked within the bathroom, in the closets, thinking of anywhere that the devil could have hidden my father’s body, or, more optimistically, anywhere my father could be hiding. It wasn’t until I heard Azrakel’s scream float in from the open window that I realized I had been searching in the wrong place. I ran back down the stairs and rushed out the door to the backyard where Azrakel was standing in the blackness of the night. He was on his knees and crying over the body of my dead father. My father’s eyes were wide and fearful, echoing his final emotions. His neck was bruised and bloody where the traitor had strangled him. Clearly it was more than just her hands with all the blood. I took Azrakel up into my arms, cradling him as I did the night we were told Mother had died. I reached down with my free hand to close my father’s eyelids. I couldn’t bear to see the terror in his eyes, especially when I knew that this was my fault. I trusted too easily the kindness of a beautiful face and a soft touch; the same touch that had brutally slain my father. Three men in black suits, none of whom I recognized, came sprinting into the back yard. The third man appeared from the rose garden. “We couldn’t catch her, sir,” reported one of the new men. The third man nodded. He did not acknowledge myself or Azrakel or my father’s body. Time again appeared meaningless. I could feel the moon’s light move around me and I could feel Azrakel drift asleep in my arms. By the time Padme arrived, I don’t know how much time I had spent wasting away in my guilt and grief. Padme fell to the ground beside me when she saw my father’s lifeless form. She laid her hand on my father’s body and cried into his chest. I wanted to comfort her, but I couldn’t find the will to move. Snoke appeared shortly after her. A bandage was wrapped around the back of his head where he had been clobbered by the edge of the shovel. As I saw him, the fire within me began to rekindle. “You knew who she was and you didn’t try to stop this?” I sneered through my teeth. “We’re not doing this now, Ben.” I gently moved Azrakel’s body to the side so that he was lying now on the grass beside my father. I stood up and, despite my lack of height, attempted to stand up to the eventual leader of the First Order. “If you knew everything, why didn’t you take her down sooner!?” I shouted, tears streaming down the sides of my face. “We didn’t have any intelligence on where she would be. We knew she would be here tonight but she threw us off when she came to the corn field. Ben, we weren’t dealing with some soldier.” “Then who was she?” “We believe she’s Contrivice. The same Contrivice that killed your mother and now your father. The same Contrivice that killed my father. You really think I didn’t want to see her dead? Maybe even more than you?” “BOYS!” Padme screamed, putting space between us. “Not here. Not today.” Padme spoke to us through her tears. I looked away from Snoke to see the men in black suits picking up my father’s body. I ran over to his body before they could carry it away. I placed one kiss upon the top of his forehead, my tears rolling over his skin. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I will do better, Father….I….” I didn’t say it out loud. It didn’t seem necessary. I knew that until I killed her, until I saw her dead at my feet, I would feel the burden of my father’s ghost upon my shoulders. The men walked away from me then and I watched as they carried my father’s corpse through the shadows of the rose garden.