An Unexpected Meeting The weather that day was windy and chilly, yet she sat in the same spot, waiting for her mentor to reveal the details of the final trial, the one that would decide if she deserved to be called a Jedi. Soon, the aged Luke Skywalker took his place next to her on the grass then looked up at the sky in silence. Patience was a value she had had to learn during the training, which was helpful in enjoying the peaceful, quiet moment. “You will go to Endor, child. Take this map and meditate at this spot. When you gain the knowledge you need, come back to me.” He handed Rey a piece of paper that she hid behind her robe, and she slowly rose from the ground. “I won’t disappoint you, Master Luke. I’m grateful for your teachings and I will always remain loyal to you.” As soon as the words left her mouth, the sound of a familiar junk ship filled the air. It was easy to guess who it was, and the pilot could only be one furry and tall creatur, so seeing the Wookie stepping outside the ship once it landed, coming to greet them didn’t surprise her at all. “Chewie, when was the last time you actually shaved? Look at your body, it’s so hairy!” She joked, and the Wookie responded with a friendly groan. “I need a lift, but you probably know this already. Endor is my destination.” They both bid farewell to Luke, then disappeared inside the Millennium Falcon. Endor was a planet covered with a forest, which irritated Rey, she was not used to such environment, all these bugs, roots, shadows, and cold. Leaving Chewbacca in the ship was probably a bad idea, but it was necessary, in case they got company. Losing a ship would be the worst scenario, someone had to guard it. She wondered where the others were, maybe planning something against the First Order. A bug sat on her cheek, so she slapped it violently. Master Luke reminded her not to give into anger, that it was a quick way to the Dark Side, and her weak point. She was quite a violent person for a lady; living in an unfriendly environment on Jakku taught her to defend herself with her physical strength, since as a female, she was constantly in danger of being harassed by savages. Most times men were intimidated by a strong woman, so the strategy worked flawlessly, even against Kylo Ren, who could have defeated her easily. Why had she won the fight? Was it just because of his wounds? She doubted it, it was just a blaster shot, and he could also use the Force on her. Her anger had almost killed the young apprentice, it had only been a lucky coincidence he’d survived, she decided. Where was he, at that particular moment? It had been quiet for too long, since they won the fight against the enemy. Soon, she found the spot marked on the map. It was a small meadow, with a hillock right in the middle of it. That had to be where she was instructed to go; after letting go of her bag, Rey sat on the grass and began meditating. A few seconds later, a voice could be heard, “I haven’t been visited by anyone for so many years? Why is that? I can feel the Force in you. Open your eyes and answer.” In front of her, a young man was standing, yet through his transparent form the forest in the background could be seen. He was a ghost of someone dead, but who? “Master Luke Skywalker sent me here, to finish my trial. My name is Rey, I’m about to become a Jedi.” She got up and walked closer to the other, whose face was a little familiar. “You remind me of someone.” “Of who? My son, probably? No, he must be old already… I also didn’t die at my age, or I almost did, because of my immaturity, I just like this face…” His way of speaking was relaxed and informal, as if he was a bored, young man in the middle of the forest. “Your son?” She didn’t mention any name except hers. “Are you Darth Vader? But you can’t be, he wore a mask, he was evil. You don’t remind me of the legends I heard about him.” “I was born as Anakin, died as Anakin. Darth Vader died soon before my death, when I understood my mistake of turning to the Dark Side. I may understand why my son sent you here, he probably thinks I’m the one, who should explain you the consequences of not resisting the temptation.” He walked around Rey, looking at her curiously. “I’m always scolded for being impatient and angry, but it is difficult to get rid of these emotions. I feel like I don’t control them, at all…” Disappointment could be heard in her voice. “Yes, now I know why he told you to come here. When I was a young Jedi, I always did what I wanted, I craved excitement, craved love, my Padme… despite not being allowed to bond with anyone, I married her. Then, my visions showed me the future, when she was dying. I wanted to do everything to save her, but in the end my weak mind became manipulated by Darth Sidious, who was only pretending to be my friend. How stupid I was… I lost my beauty and my Padme. She died after giving birth to our children.” Anakin sat on the grass and looked at the girl with sadness in his eyes. “No matter what happens, never go this way. Accept your feelings, but don’t use them for your own advantage. Your power should come from peace, not from destruction.” Rey listened to him attentively, nodding her head all the time. She knew that story, which was sad, she could never make the same mistake again, neither had she wanted to involve herself with the First Order, who were on the Dark Side. They had to be destroyed, especially Kylo Ren, that monster, who killed his own father. “Thank you for your lesson. Don’t worry, I want to bring peace to the galaxy again, even if it’s temporary. We should always keep guarding the weak and defenseless from the evil that keeps coming back.” She looked at the sky, thinking of all the lost lives when the couple of planets were destroyed. “A few months ago I felt a huge disturbance in the Force, it was very familiar to me, but much stronger than what I experienced. They are back, I know this. I can also sense the hatred in you, which is not a good sign. Maybe some of them could be saved, like I was. Do not hate them, young Jedi. They only chose the wrong path.” A particular scene immediately came to her mind; Kylo Ren talking to his father for the last time. He was torn, between the Light and the Dark, she knew it was true, because of the moment of weakness during the interrogation. He was weak… and his evil acts were probably meant to hide that from the public eye, maybe he just wanted to be respected, feared. It was difficult to interpret his actions without getting to know him better. “There actually may be someone. Your grandson…” Rey suddenly realized who Anakin reminded her of, it was Ben Solo! “He chose the wrong path, killed his father, Han Solo… I really, really hate him for it, but at the same time I have a feeling he doesn’t know what to do. His mind is weak… and he isn’t evil to the core, but how do I save him?” She frowned. It was a difficult goal to achieve. “I do not know, but you have to be strong. When I let the anger won, I hurt others, hurt them deeply. I wish I could see them again, but I’m stuck here. I have a request. Please move my remains somewhere else, either next to my old mentor, Obi-wan Kenobi, or my beloved Padme. It’s lonely in here.” After saying that, he suddenly disappeared. The face of the legendary Darth Vader was surprisingly much more human than she thought. While everyone kept repeating how evil the Dark Side was, the meeting confused her. Did something like that even exist? Maybe there was both good and bad side in every living being; even if one of them won, the other one didn’t disappear completely. She was capable of getting angry and destroying all the obstacles in her sight, while Kylo Ren could actually be kind, or at least the imitation of it, sometimes. She had to open her mind, in order to stop hating. That was probably what Master Luke wanted to teach her, since he couldn’t prove it himself. Deciding to grant Anakin’s wish, she removed the dirt, to find an urn with all the remains stored inside, then came back to the ship. When Millennium Falcon finally left the planet, a small ship was quietly followed it. Its cloaking field made it invisible to the eye, and to the old junk’s scanner, as well. One of the passengers, a tall man dressed in a black robe, approached his pilot, “Did you install a tracking device on it, just in case we lose them, like I told you?” He asked the other. “Yes, sir. Everything is going as planned. The girl is supposed to go back to Luke Skywalker, so soon we will finally know his whereabouts. I’m scanning their computer right now, they’re about to jump to light-speed. I think we don’t need to track them, I got their destination. It’s a planet called Ahch-To.” The pilot flicked the switch that turned on the hyper drive. “No. We need the girl, no matter what. Luke Skywalker won’t escape as long as no ship lands on the planet. Only my master is strong enough to face him. Send backup to guard the planet. No living being, even an insect, will leave without my permission.” Kylo Ren tightened his fists when the ship finally stopped. “Make sure they don’t see us and approach the ship as close as it’s possible. We’re taking it over. She mustn’t meet Skywalker again.” “Yes, sir.” The man carried out the order. It was very quiet around, when Rey and Chewbacca jumped out of light-speed close to their destination. Somehow, she had a bad feeling about this, that they didn’t see any ship around them, both near Endor, and that planet. Soon, the controls stopped working, and she knew what exactly had happened. They were caught by another ship’s tractor beam, which was invisible to their radar. “Not this again… Couldn’t you install any newer technology in this piece of junk, Chewie? They must have been spying on us for a good while.” This time she didn’t want to hide from the unexpected guest, especially after the training she received. There weren’t many people in the galaxy who were stronger than her at that moment, and Rey hoped they didn’t meet one of them. “Grab your weapon, we’re going to have company soon.” A long tube connected the entrances of both ships, and they both opened. Kylo Ren entered the Falcon first, two stormtroopers accompanied him. Seeing that, Chewbacca fired at once in his direction angrily, but the shots were stopped in mid-air. “Hide your weapon, you mountain of fur, I didn’t come here to fight.” He walked by the furious Wookie and approached Rey. “I need you to come with me.” The girl’s reaction was to draw out her lightsaber and point it at her opponent’s throat, which wasn’t anything unexpected to anyone present in the corridor. “I’m not going anywhere, but you’re going to die! You’re a disgusting piece of scum, I’ll feed your corpse to banthas!” “Banthas don’t eat meat, silly girl. Just because you heard an insult somewhere else, it doesn’t mean you may repeat it.” He didn’t even take out his weapon, just stood in one spot, hoping he wouldn’t be sliced by her blue blade again. The wounds he had received had been difficult to heal, especially the one on his shoulder, which left a bigger scar than the cut on his face. “Stop playing around, Kylo Ren. I defeated you once, so I can do it again!” Chewbacca’s growl of agreement accompanied her angry shouting. “It is pointless now. We already know Luke Skywalker’s location. Even if I die, my master will come here and defeat both of you. I am not going to fight, I only came to talk.” His calm tone and the mask were irritating Rey even more than his mere presence, she wasn’t about to take commands from someone else. “Snoke’s dog, how low are you in his hierarchy that he sends you to do the dirty work? Is it the same level as the dirt I walk upon, or maybe even under it? I don’t believe in a word you say, I’m also not going to talk to this mask any longer. You have one chance. Leave, or die.” The talk with Anakin’s ghost was useless when she encountered the actual person she hated the most. “I… all right.” The tall man slipped off his mask, to show his pale face, with an angry pink scar dividing it in two parts. It was clearly embarrassing for him to reveal the mark she made, but controlling her anger was as difficult as dealing with his tantrums. “If you don’t believe me, I will let you look inside my mind.” He offered, hesitating a little. Rey looked at him for a moment before closing her lightsaber, yet she still held her thumb over the button, prepared to switch it on within an instant. She closed her eyes and focused, there was no barrier at all in his head, and then she saw it. The force of the Republic in flames, the enemy flooding the planets and killing everyone opposing the First Order, and Snoke… Snoke commanding Kylo Ren to kill her. ‘ He has to be defeated, but he is so strong… I’m going to need help .’ The invisible voice spoke to her, or maybe it was just a loose thought of the mind’s owner. Suddenly, a different image took her attention instead. “Mom and dad said they will come home today, but it’s dark and they aren’t here. Nanny, I miss them…” A small boy grabbed at a long skirt belonging to a woman babysitting him. “I’m sorry, Ben. They sent a message that they can’t be here today, but they also sent a present for you, a new speeder.” She smiled and stroked his hair. Little Ben Solo was disappointed, but he followed her to the garden, where the gift was waiting. “It’s the newest mo…” “Why is it yellow? I WANTED THE RED ONE! GIVE ME THE RED ONE, RIGHT NOW!” He laid on the ground and began screaming really loudly. “I’m sorry, Ben. I’ll call your dad and tell him to get the red one instead.” The woman tried a few times, but no one was picking up, so she sighed and sat next to the boy. “He must be busy right now. We’ll go to the repair shop tomorrow, to have it painted, okay?” “I DON’T CARE!!! I WANT TO SEE THEM, WHY ARE THEY NEVER HERE???!!!” The boy couldn’t calm down. Soon, it was replaced with another memory. “Ben, hide, quickly!” The nanny locked the boy in the basement, seconds before a group of armed men broke into the house. “Where is Han Solo? He owes us money!” The voice was angry and Ben felt scared. Why were they arguing? He hated it. What had dad done? Ben wanted these men out of the house, immediately. His father was a good man, these people were horrible. Soon, the nanny screamed and her blood was dripping all over the boy, who was crouching near the hatch. Rey didn’t know how much time had passed, and if the visions were just flashing through her mind, but she couldn’t stop herself from digging into his mind even deeper. “Mom, where is dad? Is he safe?” Ben was hugging Leia, as if he hadn’t seen her for a long time. “Yes, sweetheart. I really wish he would stop being a smuggler, it was all right when he was young, but he has responsibilities, a family, to take care of now. I’m so sorry I couldn’t come, working for the Republic is hard work… we have to make sure the Empire doesn’t rise again.” She explained it to him. “If you fight for the right thing, then why is dad doing bad things? I thought he was nice… Why does the Republic allow this? I hate the Republic, because you’re never here!” He began crying very loudly. “Your dad doesn’t do anything bad. You were not supposed to experience it all. It will be only better from now on.” Later that day, Ben Solo was practicing the speeder racing in his own garden, destroying all plants and grass in his sight. He was the winner there, the green weeds lost against him, every time. Being the best was his goal, to show everyone who the boss was. It’s not like the gardener wouldn’t let it grow back, so the boy could make the mess again and again. In his own house, he did everything he wanted, as Leia and Han spoiled him to the extreme. Once he got tired, Ben went back into the house, leaving muddy steps everywhere. “Han, I think it will be better if we send him to Luke’s academy.” His mother’s angry voice reached the boy’s ears. “Why? He has everything he needs here. All the kids love him! He doesn’t need a nanny anymore.” Han Solo sounded rather defensive. “They love these expensive toys you buy him! You can’t replace love with presents! I’m sending him away tomorrow, no matter if you want it, or not!” She argued. “Woman, it’s a bad idea, but I guess you have to have what you want. I have work to do, anyway. If I don’t deliver the cargo in three hours, I’m a dead man.” The girl wanted to see more, but a harsh slap brought her back to the reality. In response, Chewbacca pointed the weapon at Kylo Ren angrily, but Rey placed her hand on top of the gun and pushed it down. “No, Chewie. You have every right to hurt him, but I will give him a chance this time. It doesn’t mean we’re allies, okay?” “It also means that you didn’t have permission to dig in my private memories, witch.” The tall man could barely control himself. It happened again, she basically mind raped him, so the most he could do at that moment, was not to attack her and focus on controlling his wild thoughts. Rey, on the other hand, wanted to know more… her enemy’s mind was fascinating and she wished she could look inside again. “We will talk in private, Kylo Ren. Your men are to remain outside the ship.” She informed him coolly her conditions. “Fine, as long as this murderous carpet does the same.” The Wookie fired again, unconsciously Rey supposed, but it was stopped by the Force at Kylo’s hand. When the stormtroopers were left alone with Chewbacca, the shots hit the ship’s wall, shaking it slightly. Chapter 2 : Space and Ash Summary: Rey talks to Kylo Ren and ends up on his ship against her will. They land on Malachor III, a planet where they're going to meet the Supreme Leader Snoke. Notes: Using Malachor III as a copy of Malachor V is my own idea. I just really liked that planet in KotOR 2, but it was destroyed :( Thanks again to my beta reader. She did a great work on editing my text! Slap! That was the first thing that could be heard, right after they went to another room, then another slap, and a third. Rey rubbed her throbbing hand on her thigh and looked at the man in front of her, face etched with fury. “The first one was for offending Chewie, the second one was slapping me. Do not EVER touch me again. Is that clear?!” She yelled. “But you slapped me three times? What was the third one for?” Kylo Ren’s face was actually pouty, since he didn’t know why he deserved it, in the first place. There was a good reason why he stopped her from reading his memories, but a woman always had to be right. “The third one is because you exist. Now get to the point, why did you follow me here and why I shouldn’t kill you?” Rey leaned on a wall while crossing her arms, as far from him as it was possible. “You probably spent all these months training, so you have no idea what’s happening in the galaxy right now. There is chaos everywhere; thousands of people are dying every day in the war between the Republic and the First Order. The only way to stop it is to kill Snoke, as soon as possible, he’s the one supporting this chaos. When he’s dead, I will negotiate with the Republic and stop the fighting.” Ren was rubbing his face and sounded a little shocked, as if he could hardly believe his own words, his anger was completely forgotten. Suddenly, a blue-ish shape stepped through a wall, to stand between them. It was the ghost of Anakin Skywalker, who was interrupting their little chat, complete with a smirk on his face. “Kylo Ren. Aren’t you a fool? She knows perfectly well that power is what you want, but you’re too weak to defeat your master alone, so you lowered yourself to ask the enemy to help.” He looked straight into the other man’s eyes. “Who are you even? A ghost of some Jedi Master?” Rey got the impression he’d never seen anything like Anakin before in his life. Rey only laughed aloud, not bothering to explain anything. The irony was practically killing her. “Well, if he’s so weak that he has to come to me, I have an offer for him. When we defeat Snoke together, we will fight. The winner’s side takes over the planets.” Even if she hated the monster that was Kylo Ren, he could be useful for helping get rid of the First Order’s Supreme Leader, and then she would just defeat him properly and end the war for good. “You’re quite confident about your strength, girl.” Anakin replied. “I almost killed him once. He was lucky the ground cracked and separated us, or else he would be like you now. I also think you should actually tell him who you are, because he apparently doesn’t realize yet.” The girl sat down on a stool and watched them both, amusement sliding across her face. The first time she had visited her opponent’s mind, it had seemed Darth Vader was a role model for him, someone he admired and wanted to copy. That was why that showoff wore the foolish mask Rey hated, but without it he probably couldn’t even scare a fly. “I am Anakin Skywalker, your grandfather.” The ghost admitted, but Kylo Ren looked at him with skepticism. “Are you really? He wore a mask and I’ve never seen any records of him without it, so you must be a liar.” “Oh, but I can choose to look as I did during any stage of my life.” He suddenly changed into the masked villain he used to be. “What if you can change into anyone? I don’t believe you! My grandfather would support me with my mission to take over the First Order! I’m going to finish what he started, so stop interrupting me, ghost!” He slashed the image with lightsaber, but the blade only went through, without harming the ghost. “You fool. Don’t you know that before death I returned to the light?” Vader turned into Anakin again, the face and body that was his real self, the good person he had always been deep inside. “No! Darth Vader was murdered by that traitor Luke Skywalker, who’s going to die soon!” Ren was angry again. How could that ghost lie to him, to his face? “I don’t know who told you these lies, but Luke wanted to save me. I refused and chose to die, but it was Darth Sidious, my master, who did that to me. I only protected my son.” “Lies! Go away! I don’t want to see you again, ghost!” Kylo Ren threw his helmet at him and Anakin disappeared, as it was pointless to continue that conversation. The girl only chuckled quietly; that man couldn’t be taken seriously and his inner weakness was showing. How could a person like this rule the First Order? It was impossible… they must have been suffering from the lack of the Dark Side Force users, if someone like that was the second powerful person after Snoke. “Was it true, what you said?” Kylo suddenly asked her. “Yes, but first I have things to do. We could kill Snoke later.” She had to come back to Luke, and then find a tomb of Obi-Wan Kenobi, or Padme. “No, you don’t understand!” He almost yelled, but the girl was so unpredictable, it was wise to control himself around her. “It’s more important than everything else! Your plans may wait.” “Oh no, you… I fucking hate you, Kylo Ren. I won’t allow this.” “You will have to.” He moved his hand and suddenly she fell onto the ground unconscious. That girl underestimated his powers; they both were potentially of equal strength, yet she definitively lacked experience in a Force based combat. While his men held the Wookie, he took the girl to his ship. She was finally his, and no one was going to stop him anymore. Right before he started the engine, Kylo approached one of his men and took an urn from him, smirking. “Good job. The Wookie was not easy to control, but we have what we wanted. Make sure the girl doesn’t know anything. If my grandfather’s ghost gets out of control, knock her out again. I don’t want to hurt her, so be careful.” He told the stormtrooper, who only responded with a prompt “Yes, sir!” and went to the part of the ship where Rey was being held, while Kylo Ren looked at his new and precious possession with pride. The most important part of his plan was already completed, as he acquired Darth Vader’s ashes and the girl. Manipulating her was easy, the ghost only guessed his reasons, yet he knew nothing about what the Knights of Ren were planning to do. That was too huge a secret, no one could know yet– not until they were finished, at least. “You’re a liar, do you know that?” Anakin suddenly appeared again, as if he’d been watching Kylo the whole time. “I have done what is needed for the cause, grandfather. I apologize for my attitude, but it was something I had to do. You’ll thank me for this later.” The last sentence didn’t sound vicious; he honestly meant what he said. “What are you planning, Ben ?” He used the other’s old name just to tease him, to draw a reaction, which was successful, as discomfort appeared on Ben’s face. “I’m not Ben anymore, so please don’t use this name. As for my plans, you will see. If you really want to know what I’m going to do, please don’t tell her.” He pleaded, not sure which side Rey would ultimately choose. It was an uncomfortable truth, but the man he admired had decided to come back to the path of light right before his death, and Ren hoped he would change again. There was so much he could still gain as Darth Vader, not Anakin Skywalker. “We will see. You’re asking me to choose between the Light and the Dark Side again, it seems. Your plan is in my hands, is it? If I decide to tell her, it won’t work. Is that right?” He wished ghosts could touch items and people, which would show his grandson what power he still had over him, even as a dead person. “Not exactly. The girl won’t change it in any way; I just don’t want to lose her. The Supreme Leader Snoke said I have compassion for her… and it would also be a great loss, if she fought against the First Order. I would rather keep her by my side.” Kylo sat down and sighed; Rey was difficult to control, which was frustrating, she could turn against him easily. “I understand. ” Anakin smiled warmly as he was reminded him of his lost love, whom he still greatly missed; it was that feeling that could never be forgotten or let go of. “ Be patient and treat her well. Show her the best of you, while you hide the things she wouldn’t like to see. That’s what I should have done, but I lost Padme due to my recklessness.” “I think I’m starting to like this side of yours, as well, grandfather.” Kylo admitted, clearly surprised that some simple advice from an experienced relative suppressed his doubts towards the part of the plan that included placating Rey. “You rejected your old self, treating it as an abomination. That’s not a good way to seek your true self, Kylo Ren. You may be both, and still the same man. Isn’t it Ben , who shaped you? Without him you wouldn’t become this person, so don’t reject your past.” Before the young man could say anything, Anakin disappeared, leaving him with many new ideas to contemplate on. The room’s design was very minimalist, as there was only a bed, a console in the wall, and a small window with a view of space behind it. Rey sat up, rubbing her aching temples. This time Kylo Ren didn’t tie her up, neither had he waited for her to wake up, but she was pretty sure there was still a guard behind that door. She could use her powers to manipulate him, yet she chose not to do it; it was completely pointless, there was no place, where she could run away. It was lonely, to stand there completely alone, with nowhere to go. Even Jakku seemed more pleasant than the place she was currently staying in, she had known the area, where to go, how to survive in the desert, but here? There was no one with her, just the enemy. She sat on the bed and took a pillow she had been sleeping on, to bury her face in. It would be embarrassing, if someone heard her cry. Suddenly, the door opened, but Rey didn’t even have to look at the person, who just entered. She could feel the disturbing change in the Force around her. “I apologize I had to do this again.” Kylo Ren said, unsure what to do about her emotional state. “Is there something you need? I’m not going to treat my guests like prisoners, so don’t be afraid to ask.” Rey removed the pillow and looked at him with her sad eyes, wet with tears. “I hate you, Kylo Ren. Yes, I agreed to work with you, but it didn’t mean you had to isolate me from my friend! That’s not how you treat someone you basically beg for help! I’m NOT your property!” The pillow flew towards him and hit his face. “It’s the most efficient way, if you want us to win. We have to work together and your ‘friend’ was trying to kill me.” He tried to stay calm, as fighting with her would lead nowhere. “Soon, we will meet the Supreme Leader Snoke, but we can’t kill him, yet.” “Wasn’t Snoke’s order to kill me? That’s what I read in your mind.” She was completely confused by the whole situation, nothing made sense anymore. “What? No… you must have read it wrong. It must have been one of my fears…” Kylo sat on the floor and closed his eyes. “I’m not a monster, Rey. You don’t know anything about me. As for the Supreme Leader, he asked me to find you and bring you to him. Don’t be afraid, he’s like a father to me.” “Then why do you want to kill him?” The mind of the Knight of Ren in front of her was too complicated to understand. Maybe it was just too corrupted by the Dark Side. “I disagree with his methods, also he’s using me for my powers. That’s something I can’t accept anymore. I want to be free of it all and decide on my own.” It seemed like the young man was in pain, but he had also murdered his father, who hadn’t deserve it. “Remember, I’m not going to help you get any more power.” Rey reminded him. “Now tell me what we’re going to do when we meet your master.” “He probably wants me to train you.” Kylo opened his eyes. “I’m aware you don’t want this, but please consider it. Learning about the dark powers doesn’t need to make you evil. You should do it for the sake of the knowledge. Open your mind, Rey. The decision will be always yours which side to choose, and being familiar with the whole variety of the Force may only help you to choose wisely.” He smiled a little and got up. “If you’re hungry, just let us know. You may ask one of my men to prepare a meal for you.” Food. Her stomach suddenly started to roar for it, so she just nodded. The last time she ate was right before the Millennium Falcon landed on Endor. She avoided Kylo Ren until they landed on the planet called Malachor III. It seemed completely lifeless, scary, and the occasional thunderstorms unnerved her. All her life she’d just known the desert, which was the cause of her intense feelings that accompanied the new experience. Kylo Ren’s offer still kept her mind busy, and when she stepped on the ash and dead soil, she followed him cautiously. Her powers meant nothing in such a place, where she could only rely on her enemy to protect her from the evil hiding behind the rocks and the toxicity surrounding them. How could someone live here? She would never stay on the planet willingly. Occasional groans forced her to keep closer to Kylo. Where these monsters? The desert on Jakku was full of them, but she knew how to handle them, while Malachor III was unknown, dangerous. “I can sense your fear.” He suddenly spoke. “Don’t be afraid and believe in yourself. You’re strong, Rey, and you’d defeat the beasts.” “This is a terrifying place and I’d rather leave. I don’t know where do these monsters even come from… maybe coming here was a mistake, after all.” It was so wrong to approach the darkness without any preparation, the place was treacherous and corrupted by the evil power. “Let me tell you the history of this place. There was a planet named Malachor V, destroyed in the past, being exactly the same as this one. I won’t go into details right now, because you probably know nothing about the history. Malachor III was near, so the hit affected it, and all Dark energy transferred here. The Supreme Leader found the ancient Sith legacy in an old, forgotten temple, where I also used the unique designs to build my lightsaber. Isn’t it amazing that someone wanted to keep all that valuable knowledge for the next generations?” Talking about the planet’s history was exciting to him, someone had to protect it from the complete destruction. That was a proof of the past, when many Sith and Jedi were alive and the universe was an exciting place to live in. “There is an old Jedi temple on Ahch-To.” She decided to share some information with him, too. “I’ve always liked going there, but it’s not creepy, like this place.” “It all seems daunting, because it’s unknown to you. Jedi are always so afraid of the Dark Side, as if it was something horrible, but it’s only the true nature of the Force. To them, it’s balanced when the Light Side wins, but the real balance is the equality between both.” Soon, they saw an old, tall building in the horizon. Its color was gray, like everything else around. “I still don’t like it here, but maybe I should open my mind more.” She still had a choice, to remain a good person, even if she knew the secrets of the Dark Side. What caused people to choose the wrong path, though? Rey wanted to understand better, as Kylo Ren acted so surprisingly human, despite all the evil acts he had committed. Chapter 3 : The Truth Summary: Rey and Kylo meet Snoke. Notes: Slow update, because I'm having exams soon. Gripping the hilt of the lightsaber attached to her belt, Rey entered the old Sith fortress, where Kylo Ren was taking her. He knew she was afraid, he felt it all; the girl was unable to hide her emotions, she was like an open book to him, which was something he admired – the honest reactions and the lack of fear to show him her true self. Kylo wanted to protect her sincerity, the good soul walking next to him, but the voice inside his head kept disagreeing. You are becoming weaker, like Ben Solo. She is the reason. He couldn’t stop these thoughts. The closer they were to Snoke, the more intense they grew, as the Supreme Leader wouldn’t approve of him giving into his vulnerabilities. All these years of training could be wasted so easily, if he lost control, and it was so easy with her by his side. When he finally broke free from the abusive environment of the Jedi academy, his mind had been shattered into pieces… and Snoke was the one who had helped him to shape his suffering into his real power, what he really deserved. The main hall was extremely silent and empty when they entered it, only the occasional sounds of the thunderstorm outside accompanied them. It was the usual atmosphere of that place, something Ren was used to, but Rey looked around nervously, aware she was completely at his mercy. Why did she trust him to take her there? It was easier to fight him on the ship, but the girl seemed inexperienced in many aspects of the life in space, which was understandable, since she had spent most of her time on Jakku, not knowing anything else. The training with Luke could make her more aware of the Force around, but she was still a diamond in the rough. Soon, the fear also filled his whole mind, when a familiar person approached them: his height half of Kylo’s, yet his mind stronger than anyone else’s he has ever known. Snoke was nothing like a hologram on the ship, that was only a trick to intimidate everyone, and remind them to stay obedient. In fact, the Supreme Leader was so tiny, no one would take him seriously, if they judged him only on his appearance. “You brought the girl.” His stare was cold and piercing, when he approached her slowly; the next part of the message was sent directly to his mind. “She is very strong with the Force, I can feel it, but how can you prove her loyalty to me? Killing me? Is that what you want, my favorite apprentice? This is so disappointing.” Snoke was probing his mind, and Kylo has never been strong enough to block it. Rey… maybe she could do that, but she only watched them both, silent, trying to stay unnoticed. It wasn’t her fight, after all. “I want to help her to learn the secrets of the Dark Side. Please guide me.” He kept his head low, afraid of facing the consequences of his recklessness. Tasting the real freedom, away from Snoke and the First Order, corrupted his mind too much. How could he even dare to think he could kill his master, the person, who helped him to become stronger, who dragged him out of the darkest period in his life? “You already know what the Dark Side is, my apprentice. Teach her.” Snoke moved away to watch them both, satisfied. No matter what Kylo Ren’s decision was going to be, he would only profit from the situation. The girl was too precious to let her go. “Pain, suffering. That’s what she needs. Are you strong enough, or do you want to become Ben Solo again?” Rey was afraid, almost ready to take her lightsaber out and fight back against them. Snoke… he was tiny, but deadly, every part of him oozing Darkness. There was an unspoken understanding between him and his apprentice, and she was completely alone there, with no one to help her. Coming to that planet had been a huge mistake, she should have known that when they were still on the ship, but Kylo had been so nice to her and very convincing… As soon as she grabbed the hilt, her body refused to move, and fighting it back was ineffective. Did her enemy become that strong in the last few months, or did Snoke help him to keep her immobile? She couldn’t even scream when Ren shot lighting out of his hands. The pain… it was worse than anything she had ever experienced, her body was shaking and felt as if it was afire. “Kylo Ren, you fool. What are you doing to her?” As soon as Snoke spoke again, she could move again, and her body fell to the ground, shaking uncontrollably. Was it what the Dark Side was, the pain, the fear? She didn’t want this. A few seconds later she found herself pushing him away with the power of her mind, and his back hit the ash colored wall. “I hate you! More than anything in the galaxy!” Rey screamed, not even trying to stop the tears falling down her cheeks. “Everything you said, it was all lies! When you killed your father, you did the same, you manipulative piece of shit!” The blue glow of the blade in front of her filled the hall, but a small hand pushed her wrists down. “Do you think another scar will teach him, girl? You already did that, once. There is a choice, to kill him, or to give him a chance to re-think his actions. The decision is yours.” Even if Snoke seemed terrifying when she saw him first, at that moment he actually was on her side. Right! Kylo was supposed to help her, not to hurt her even more. That man was completely unpredictable and unstable. “I’m not a murderer.” She said, after taking a few, deep breaths. “He deserves a chance.” “Very well.” Snoke’s voice was empty of emotion as he pointed at a door. “Go there, outside. There is an old temple of the other side of the garden. On the lowest level, you will find a box. Bring it to me, while I deal with him. Take your time and embrace your anger. It’s a natural reaction to what he did to you.” All that time, Kylo Ren kept trying to move, but it was Snoke who stopped him. Rey, don’t listen to him! I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to do it! His thoughts were loud, but it seemed she was refusing to listen. It was heartbreaking, when all his efforts became wasted in such a short period of time. When the girl left, his master allowed him to move again. “You are so weak and disappointing, apprentice. That girl, you won’t see her until the attachment stops you from being vulnerable. Passion is what drives us to the edge, just look at her, so full of hate, yet you need to be reminded of your true path.” Snoke walked to another door, not looking back at the defeated person behind him. “Now you will follow me. I already wasted too much time on teaching you. Maybe she will learn it better.” Kylo Ren knew where they were going, but he had to pay for trying to betray his master. It was his entire fault; he shouldn’t have had that idea in the first place. There were better ways to convince Rey to come with him, so why had he chosen to tell her they should kill Snoke, his savior? He was a horrible, ungrateful person. Forgive me, master. I deserve to be punished in the worst ways. Even if it reached the Supreme Leader’s mind, he did not show any reaction, to Kylo’s disappointment. He wanted to be accepted again, his mentor was all he had… Please don’t abandon me. I will do anything, just please don’t do it. The only response was the silence of the concrete walls around them. Soon, he walked through a massive metal door alone. It loudly shut behind him, and he was surrounded by the dark atmosphere of the planet, the centre of it all. No one had ever survived there; even the strongest ones had become crazed to the point that they took their own lives. The old temple was chilled, unlike the planet itself, and the stone walls caused Rey to rub her shoulders, for the coldness to go away. Apparently, it hasn’t been entered for years, as she had to burn through the numerous cobwebs with the blue beam of her lightsaber. The darkness surrounded her, but following the intuition, or maybe the Force, she entered the right room. Not using her eyes was something she learned during the training with Luke, so finding the box was possible without looking with a source of light. The case was medium sized, made of some kind of metal. In order to carry it, Rey had to stow her weapon and use both hands, but again, the Force was guiding her all the time, helping her to focus on the task, instead of feeding her anger. In fact, the feeling helped her at first, to not to be afraid of the place. She felt it made her stronger. Instead of rejecting it, like Jedi did, she accepted everything. Soon, she was back in the castle. “I brought what you asked for.” She told him confidently. Handing the box to Snoke, she didn’t have a sense of inferiority towards him, unlike Kylo Ren. That young man was obviously scared, and he was unstable, maybe even crazy? She didn’t want to know. No normal man would kill his own father, who still loved his wayward son. What was she doing on this planet, anyway? The one who had brought her with him had betrayed her, so there was no reason to stay. “Now you have it, I’m going to leave this place.” Rey had always been a straightforward girl, and it was the best way to test the Dark master’s intentions, in her opinion. “Of course, but first I would like to show something to you, girl.” The tiny creature opened the box and took out a golden hilt, decorated with dark red jewels. “This lightsaber, you should have it.” He handed it to confused Rey, who grabbed the weapon and suddenly found herself in a different place, like in a vision she experienced during the visit in Maz Kanata’s inn. “Tell me about the secret plans, you Imperial scum!” An unknown man kicked his prisoner, who wore a torn, blood covered military uniform. They were in some kind of a prison , most likely the basement. “Never. You should watch who do you serve, the Republic is a bunch of hypocrites. I’d rather die than support liars! Your Jedi killed my wife. I have nothing to live for, so you’ll get nothing from me.” It seemed the man was brutally tortured before, yet his confidence didn’t leave him. Suddenly, the location changed. “Did these children go to sleep? Mom always tells me they’re sleeping and never going to wake up again, when I see them not moving and laying in this red thing.” It was her, a small Rey, but she had no memory of it. She looked at herself through someone else’s eyes, at that moment. “It isn’t a lie , actually. Do you miss your parents? I can’t take you with me, right now, but I’ll tell them where you are, okay?” The person held the little girl’s hand, taking her outside, a place with too much sand. “No… don’t leave me! Wait with me for mom and dad, please!” She looked so sad, so lonely. That was when the past started being familiar. Her guardian angel was the only person, who actually cared about her when her relatives were nowhere to be found. “I’m sorry. If others knew I didn’t put you to sleep , they would do it themselves… because they don’t know who you are. I will find your parents and they will come to take you home. I promise.” Rey was still inside the stranger’s body. He approached the familiar, disgusting man, she would rather never see anymore, even in her visions: Unkar Plutt. After making a good deal, the child was left alone, screaming and crying. Her guardian left, even if it was difficult… Rey could feel his emotions. It was a man, definitely, and he was deeply upset that the little girl had to be abandoned on Jakku. When the vision ended, she was breathing heavily and looked at Snoke. Answers were what she desired the most, at that moment. “That soldier, who was he? Did he leave me on Jakku?” She immediately asked. “It was your father, who served the Empire well. Both him, and your mother were killed by the Republic forces. The lightsaber belonged to her.” Snoke left the empty casket on the floor and turned back from the girl, watching a thunderstorm behind the window. “Do you know, who killed her? It was Luke Skywalker himself.” A deafening silence filled the hall, and Rey only stared at the golden hilt, unable to speak. She had been waiting for her family to come back for her, but they were already dead, that was why during all these years they had never appeared… and she was still waiting, all the time. How could Luke even kill her mother? The truth was horrible, and made her question the entire Jedi code. “Luke? How? I thought he was a good person…” A single tear fell down her cheek. “The first line of the Jedi Code is ‘There is no emotion, there is peace.’ , yet it’s a complete lie. They keep telling you how good and peaceful they are, but in the end someone has to die during the fight. The Dark Side is not much different from them, we just tell the truth.” After his explanation, Snoke recited the first line of the Sith Code: “ ‘Peace is a lie, there is only passion.’ This is what the Sith have always believed in. Jedi do kill, they will just keep telling you how good they are, while their main goal is to bring back the balance of the Force, which means slaughtering their enemy and taking over the galaxy.” Suddenly, a bolt of lightening hit the ground near the window, which scared Rey for a moment, while Snoke continued: “The fight will never end. You may temporarily stop it, but one day it will be the same again.” “I don’t know what to think about it. Do I really have to choose between each side? Because I think I would rather not get involved in it.” She tied the other lightsaber to the one she received from Maz. It was something that belonged to her mother, a gift she wanted to keep, no matter if she was going to use it, or not. “The choice will be always yours. If you decide to leave this planet, you will not be stopped, but you may come back any time you want.” The small creature was nicer than she though, which completely confused her. What was the truth, anymore? Kylo Ren seemed like a bad person, while his master was actually friendly. “What about your apprentice? He actually hurt me for no reason.” “Kylo Ren was unworthy of the title, and I already dealt with him. He was weak, unstable… but you, you are so strong, and have an amazing potential. The First Order needs you, to protect our people from these terrorists calling themselves the Resistance. If they didn’t attack us, no one would have to die.” Rey frowned, looking at the gloomy mountains behind the glass. All her life she’s been on Jakku, and all these politics were too complicated for her to understand. She just wanted to survive and stop being so lonely, to help others. What was the right thing to do? There were too many answers to that single question. “I’ll go back to the ship and think about it.” No one stopped her when she left the fortress. The answers, maybe Anakin knew them. For some reason, she trusted only the ghost, since a dead person had nothing to lose and nothing to gain, and there was no reason for him to lie to her.