When Ben Solo is born, the world his family is stationed on seems to flutter about with joy when the baby opens his eyes and sees his mother's face for the very first time. Han's right by her side, the both of them smiling so wide it looks like it just might hurt them to. Luke looks on from his position close by with Artoo beeping loudly next to C3-PO while Chewie speaks in low tones to the child as he takes him into his arms. He can already tell the Force is strong with the child, even on the day of his birth. In low tones some days later he converses with Han and Leia; they do not arrange a specific date for it, but they do decide that Ben will begin his Jedi training when they believe he’s old enough. Luke spends the next few years finding Force-sensitive children. He moves quietly like a shadow from system to system, clad in his dark robes with Artoo by his side. He speaks to the families, asking if he can train their children in the ways of the Force in hopes of rebuilding the Jedi Order so that there might be a place where one could master their abilities and become strong as they grew older. The going is slow, but, one by one, a trickle of children—one human, three Twi’lek, two Togruta, and one Pantoran—follow him back to an old temple that had sat idle for years and years on a barren world that had no name and no place on any map. The ashes of the Empire were settling, and Luke felt at peace. Ben is seven and a half years old when he knocks a holopad from the desk in his mother’s office at the Resistance’s base in the Bakura system without touching it. Leia is startled when she hears the crack of the screen; it only takes her a few short seconds to see that it and her son were nearly half a room apart she calls Han in. They pull Ben, who is open-mouthed and struck-silent at the shattered mess on the tiled floor, out of the room. He asks where they’re taking him because they both have a look in their eye—not a look, but a spark, something like hope—and it makes him wonder, makes him itch a little. There’s something they’ve failed to tell him, but it isn’t about where they’re taking them. Some part of him understands that part. No, he knows already that it’s something else. “We’re going to see your uncle,” his mother tells him, but Ben can sense something behind like a secret her smile. He knows they’re proud and he doesn’t fully understand what he did to make them proud but there’s something besides pride whistling somewhere above his ears. It makes him try to yank his hand out of his father’s grasp, because he knows that clench in his father’s jaw. But his mother won’t stop for him or anyone or anything else, so he doesn’t ask about it. For the first few weeks Ben is homesick. His mother and father are busy with the Republic, with rebuilding and expanding and doing their best to quell the whispers stirring amongst the remains of the Empire that lie somewhere in the darker regions of the galaxy, unconfirmed but with a presence that is real enough to set Leia’s teeth on edge. They try to keep up with him but both his training and their duties make it difficult to find enough time to speak to one another. He learns quickly, learns to pull and push and focus his energy on the flow of the Force and everything in between. But he is quick to anger and even quicker to lash out when he falls short of his goal. It doesn’t always happen but when it does his eyes grow dark and Luke has to remind him to focus, to breathe, to control his anger and his frustration until he calms down. Ben may be the youngest but he is the fastest when it comes to honing his talents. The slowest one to learn is the other human, a boy with a shaved head, a will of steel, and a quiet demeanor; the second fastest is the blue-skinned Twi’lek girl, the oldest of all the padawans there. He never says it but he sees them as a kind of competition it would be shameful to put into words. Luke says the only competition one has is himself in this place. The others believe him. Luke’s patience is endless; he tries not to rush them, for he prefers firm guidance over anything that might hinder their training. He is strong, does his best to answer their questions, but Ben catches a faraway look on his face one day. “Something’s amiss,” Luke says quietly, more to himself than to his nephew, and says nothing more on the matter. Some years pass; the children grow older. There are plans for lightsabers, plans to find other children, so many plans as well as the political goings-on that keep Leia, and therefore Han, busy. Their absence, in his eyes, leaves a stain darker than blood on his childhood. All seems well until the Pantoran girl asks about Darth Vader, because the children—now late in their teenage years, bursting with energy ill-spent meditating and training at a slow yet steady pace—have been whispering about what their parents told them about Death Stars and Jedi Knights and the fall of the emperor. Curiosity simmers beneath their skin, boiling the blood away, begging to be relieved, even if it means only a scrap of information in return from Luke. So Luke tells them in curiously guarded way about the fall of the Empire and how, in the end, Darth Vader came back to the light before he died. The others buzz and bounce with joy and excitement, satisfied with their master’s answer, but Ben thinks he knows better. So lags behind until the others are out of sight and he asks for the truth, the very thing his mother and father refuse to speak of in front of him. Ben watches his uncle hesitate. It lasts for a few long seconds before Luke relents. The instant Ben learns his grandfather is Darth Vader is the instant when a subtle itch settles somewhere high above him, in a place he can feel but can’t touch. Luke leaves him for the night, either unaware or unconcerned with this itch, this slight tremor, this distinct wrongness that digs itself under Ben’s nails and burrows deep inside him. It goes for the heart of him but only because he reached out first. That night, he hears a voice inside his head. It is not his own. It is not what he thinks Obi Wan Kenobi’s voice or Anakin Skywalker’s voice or Darth Vader’s voice would sound like. At first it doesn’t sound like anything, but then an outline begins to take shape from the darkness of his room and then it is there—low, soft, strangely familiar but strange enough to send chills skipping down his spine like a pebble across a wide puddle. Fear rises up in him; he tries to clamp down on it but the itch resists his efforts. He spends the night half-awake, hearing something creeping inward, refusing to let go, refusing to give up. Despite the itch under his skin he says nothing of it in the morning. He feels himself growing more frustrated with his powers as time goes on. He feels they aren’t enough for him, his legacy—for his uncle is Luke Skywalker and, more importantly, his grandfather was once the most feared man in the galaxy, besides the Emperor himself. Anger builds itself a tower in a secret place inside his head; in that stone-cold tower sits a fear, a fear that is small and hardly anything worth noticing at all. But without any help he could’ve asked for it changes into something with substance and grows. It takes hold of him and he feels the resentment setting in towards his parents for being so busy—for never seeing him—and towards Luke, because the voice tells him in the dark that Luke wants to hold them back, just as Darth Vader was held back before he was known by that name. The voice tells him that there is another way, a path that is more pure because there is nothing there to hinder a body’s progress as it goes down it. The voice tells him the time to act is close, that he must wait a bit longer—just a little bit longer. The frustration and the fear are a poison in him but he does not seek the antidote; no, he lets the tar seep into his bloodstream, lets it circulate and cultivate until it threatens to rise to the surface. A small voice that sounds a lot like his mother tells him to speak to Luke—just once, just once—but he chooses to push it down and hate that voice until he swears it isn’t there anymore. A girl six years his junior shows up when he’s nearly ready to burst apart with a new name lying behind his teeth. He seethes deep down in a place he made sure Luke can’t pick out while he isn’t looking when she demonstrates within the first few days that she is more powerful using the Force than any of the other padawans. Without one day of training or discipline she sends old disks dancing in elaborate patterns and is able to deflect stun shots with Luke’s lightsaber when he asks her to try. The others are glowing with excitement, but he feels jealousy tugging at him like the way she tugs at him. She doesn’t know about it, and he doesn’t particularly understand it either, but he feels light pouring out of her like she’s made of the kind of stuff that sticks around after the moon’s come up and the stars have come out of hiding. The voice in his head—now a figure, pale-skinned and odd looking, unidentifiable yet comforting regarding its understanding power the limits it says Luke put on Ben’s powers—whispers to resist the temptation, to resist the girl, for the light is weak like all the rest who bask in it. Even her , it whispers, especially her . Ben does not think she is weak, though. No—she is far from it. Since Ben is farthest along in his training, Luke pairs the girl— Rey —with him. Immediately she opens her mouth, eyes bright with the light, and she begins to ask him questions as they sit across from each other in meditating positions. They are questions Luke could be answering, questions she shouldn’t be asking because she ought to be training , but within hours she’s mastered what took him months to even accomplish and it makes him burn . The voice rumbles with approval for a split second before fueling that burn, making it burn hot underneath all the layers he chose to build in order to keep Luke out. That quiet voice inside him, the one like his mother’s—it whispers up from the dark place he locked it away in. It tells him about how he could help her, about how it wasn’t too late yet. She might help you , it said. The itch made his eyes snap open. She might help overcome your obstacles. The itch struggled to drown the quiet voice. She could even be your friend. Across from him Rey was fascinated with a flowering cacti sitting in a vase on the other side of the room; she was already clambering to her feet to investigate. Ben remembers that Rey originated from Jakku, some dusty world that the unsavory sort hid out on when they didn’t want to be found. He’s torn between feeling interested in her past—in how this random girl showed up without warning and was better than all the rest—and angry, so angry that this kind of power belonged to someone as insignificant as her. But then the voice from his long nights spoke in his ear. A hand, firm and cold, touched his shoulder, but nothing was there. It spoke of how she wasn’t deserving of such power—how the light wasn’t deserving of it—not when she was a lousy, no-good nobody. She certainly wasn’t the grandchild of Darth Vader. She had no legacy to speak of, no notable past, nothing but the power of the light in her eyes. It said she should die with the rest because the First Order would destroy disorder and all would be right again if only he would act soon. Ben seethes without any outward sign while she distracts herself from her lesson. He stomps cruelly on the voice like his mother’s until he thinks it's dead. Luke senses something within his nephew. He doesn’t have a name for it and when he asks he’s assured that everything is fine and leaves it at that. Whatever it is tugs at his nephew; he doesn’t know why, but he thinks Ben might be slipping away. There is no proof of this, and the feeling gradually subsides, but he still makes a note to let Leia know she should talk to her son when both of them have the time for it. Rey uses every ounce of herself and the space surrounding her body when she uses the Force. Her body goes still before she moves and then it’s like the whole galaxy is in awe of her. Her eyes shine when she catches sight of the setting sun and she touches every green, growing thing in the temple she can get her hands on. Her touches are not destructive, but sweet; she brushes her fingertips along the thorns, the petals, and the stems. Sometimes she gets sap stuck between her fingers and she laughs when the Pantoran girl has trouble prying her fingers apart. It would’ve been easy to resent her forever, but that soon gives way to something else as the months go by. Luke will hold her back , it whispers. He will do to her what he did to you; he will fail to use her full potential, and she has no idea. Only you can see this . He considers this, turns it over in his mind like he would if it were some physical thing he could hold in his hands. He thinks long and hard about it, wondering. She needs a teacher , the dark voice whispers to him. And he can feel himself nodding before falling into a restless sleep. Ben Solo chooses to kill the light in him a year and a half later. He pushes, pulls, bites, and aches until all he thinks he knows is darkness and the voice calling him away from the nameless rock and to someplace where he could properly follow in his grandfather’s footsteps. Leia Organa and Han Solo’s son told himself Ben Solo was dead. The body had new life breathed into it by the burn of jealousy, anger, and fear, and when the body stood clad in black, he called himself Kylo Ren. None of them are prepared for it. The First Order is on the doorstep of the temple before Luke can wake everyone from their sleep. The sound of shuttles landing and stormtroopers marching up towards the entrance are loud in the night. He can hear Luke shouting. He can hear the others scrambling down the hall towards his room. They are not ready for him. They do not know about the lightsaber. They— He does not expect Rey to come skidding to a halt with her body halfway across the threshold, her staff in her hands, eyes wide, her hair escaping her three knots. Her eyes dart from the helmet he wears to the lightsaber, and back up to his covered face. Her mouth opens, shuts, closes again, and then she takes a cautious step forward. “It was you,” she hisses. He can see the realization dawning on her. “ You called them here.” She swallows thickly. “Ben, how could you—” An explosion cuts her off from somewhere down the corridor. He can hear the screams of the other children. He thinks he can hear Luke, but— The wall making up the south side of his room shatters; it sends rubble flying as stormtroopers file in one at a time. When he turns back to Rey, he sees that she’s gone. Her staff lies on the ground and he thinks he might see blood, but her body isn’t anywhere to be found. He leaves the temple behind in ruins. Luke Skywalker has vanished and his fellow students are dead. The voice takes form in the dark and tells him not to worry, that, in time, all will be well. He feels a gloved hand cover his shoulder, despair welling up in him before it is discovered as a weakness and crushed. Rey grips the hands of the Pantoran and eldest Twi’lek girl tight. Both of them have been wounded badly and are breathing hard as the sun finally comes up, staining the horizon red. They don’t speak. In their hiding place, deep in a secretive little crevice miles away from the temple, they wait. Though she remains silent, she vows to find a communications system—a ship—anything that’s up and running—in order to get them off the planet. She vows to get them—the only survivors—to safety and then she’s going to find a way to get to Ben. Yes , she thinks, taking deep breaths, I’ll do that. They wait until midday to climb out of the crevice, bodies bruised and bleeding but alive. I’ll find a way , Rey thinks, helping her friends towards what remained of the temple. I’ll find a way.