WILL NOT BE CONTINUED THIS WILL BE REWRITTEN!!!! "General, we are receiving contacted from the enemy." General Organa knew a trick when she saw one, but this attempt at communication was to sporadic for the First Order. "Lets see what they have to say." General Hux stood, the only one in the frame. He began to speak, "General Organa... I have news of your son." General Hux had acted alone. As Leia could tell from the amount of pressure the man seemed to be in. " And what news... Would you wish to tell the Resistance over treason. Unless this is a trick. " " No, no this is not trickery but... Um... I fear for your son." " And why is that?" She questioned. Hux glanced around the room he was in. His body posture clearly giving away that he was uncomfortable, as if he was unsure how to say the words about to spill from his mouth. " Your son is being raped. " ~~~~Hux PoV~~~~~ I watched as the woman's face turned sour, unsure what to do with the information just handed to her. Millions of thought must be pushing around in her head. Trying to be the first one released by the mouth. " Are you 100% sure on what you've just told me. Are you sure General, because this is my son we are talking about. " 'And this is my lover I'm talking to you about' he thought in his mind. Even through the holo screen he could practically feel her gaze... Much like he could Kylo's. " Yes General. One should never joke about something like this. " 'Especially when I care as much as you do.' "Explain what is happening with my son. " she said as she sat down. Hux began to tell his story. ' In A World Without An End Or Begining' It was only two months since the StarKiller base had been destroyed, and Kylo Ren and himself had been ordered to Snoke's training area. Kylo had told him of the extremely difficult training he would undergo even if he was still ever slightly injured. Since he was the highest ranking offical that was acquainted with both Kylo and Snoke, he oversaw all of Kylo's training. Away from Snoke or right beside him. Flashing back to when he first saw Snoke in person. He had expected an old man from top to bottom. He was then surprised to see that from the shoulders up he looked as if one of those Kowakian monkey-lizards could make him fall with just one hit. However below was a man capable of doing anything Kylo could do and more. As I had said, this was difficult training being forced upon Kylo. But I'm afraid he was not able to finish it. When I say Snoke convinced him his punishment was necessary... He believed it. And carried out that punishment in front of me. Kylo is practically a child, and children what attention. Besides me... He never got any. The troops were to afraid to go near him, anyone who talked to him was short and to the point. He has low self-esteem and once he had done something wrong. More hatred directed at himself would fuel his tantrums yet still making him sadder with himself. He thought he deserved to be raped. He THINKS that is what he deserves. He wants it to happen. And that's the worst part. I saw him. Snoke. First it was only within the mind. " You stupid excuse for my apprentice! This is simple. " I thought all it would be is that. The verbal abuse... Anyone can take it. Then it escalated. " You are going to be a mess when I'm through with you. " And he just stood there... Like he knew he needed to be punished. Broken. Like a puppet in its own strings. Then he began. Like always first there was pain, then there was pleasure. It rolled off his lover in waves. He could see him come undone. Moaning in pain as he was forced to his knees, clutching his head as if it would leaves his body. Snoke had knelt down with him whispering who knows what into his mind. It lasted half a hour. The last ten were the worst because Klyo was a withering, moaning, panting mess on the floor. And Snoke kept his focus on me practically saying. ' Do you see this? I can do this anytime, and you both won't do anything to me. ' Snoke left him in the middle of the arena, as I ran up to him. Asking if he was alright, if he needed anything. He shoved me away, saying " training is over. Let me leave. " ' She'll Never Walk Away...I Don't Think You Understand. ' Numb. That's all I can think he looked like. Like he had just become completely cut off from everything. I should have never let him go... That's when I lost him. That night he came into my quarters, thinking I was asleep, and do you know what he said. " I can't walk away from this " he said coldly yet with caution as to not wake me. " I'm sorry if you thought we could become something. You don't need someone as flawed as me, but don't worry." "Don't worry." I could hear him smiling as he said that. " Snoke will fix me, then nothing will stop us. " Then he left. Leaving me to my thoughts. Kylo wouldn't do everything the old man told him to do... Would he? He's to young for that kind of brokenness in his voice. It kept me up all night. Unfortunately the next day training went on. As usual, he lacked a shirt showing his recent injuries and something else. Bruises. Along his collarbone, on his sides, his hip bones,and the worst ones were on his neck. I can only imagine what had happened after Kylo had left my quarters. However it seemed I didn't have to. I had yet to look up during that session. They had been practicing the force. Lifting huge objects, and all I heard for hours was 'use your anger' and such. I had paperwork to do and troopers to run. Unfortunately as soon as I looked up Kylo and Snoke had dissapeared. So i left the areana, but before i left the lights dimed and a song began playing... One I had never heard. It was native to Tatooine, you could tell. The amount of percussion gave it away. Being ripped from my music appreciation I saw them... Kylo stripped of his dark cloths, on his elbows and knees like a common whore. Snoke was only luming over him. He raised his hand as an invisible object proceeded to fuck Kylo Ren. ' He Sang A Song When He Did It' I couldn't hear the noises being made over the music but I stood there in shock. That this would ever happen. That Ren of all people would allow this to happen to himself. Unless he couldn't control himself but that seemed unlikely. I did not let my mind wander. Nor did I get carried away. A sene like that was too horrific to get hard over. Then Snoke turned his way. His head exploded with pain as five words echoed across his skull. He. Is. No. Longer. Yours. The music stopped. Right at the climax of the piece. But another climax could be heard instead. Notes: I was listening to In The Night by The Weeknd and thought this would be good. Enjoy. Pls rape is not nice... Neither is mind rape. Hope you enjoyed it... If not leave a comment. If you did enjoy it leave a comment. Ok bye