Poe Gets What He Wants It's inevitable everything that's good comes to an end It's impossible to know if after this we could still be friends I know you're saying you don't want to hurt me And maybe you should show a little mercy The way you look I know you didn't come to apologize Poe was strapped to a cold, metal chair and his head felt really foggy. He could feel blood dripping down his face from a head wound one of the Storm troopers had no doubt given him. The bright, oppressive white lights above him nearly blinded him and only cause the headache in his temples to grow. Experimentally shaking his hands, Poe found the cuffs attaching him to the chair were indeed quite sturdy. There was no way he could break out of them, there was no way he could escape. Right now, his hope all depended on the possibility that BB-8 escaped with the map. The metal doors opened with a swishing sound, the mechanical click notifying Poe that he had a visitor. "I was unaware that we had the greatest pilot in all of the resistance on our base." The mechanical voice seemed almost mocking, making Poe's blood boil as he looked up at the masked face. "I'd prefer to talk to your face and not a mask." The pilot spat out "Careful." The man simply raised his hand and all of a sudden Poe was pressed against the back of the seat, his splitting headache growing tenfold, "I have the power here. Now, you will tell me what you did with the droid." "What droid?" Poe managed to find the energy to sneer, "I've seen a lot of droids in my lifetime, buddy." The man froze momentarily before seeming to glare at the pilot through the mask, "You know which droid I'm speaking of. The one with the map to Luke Skywalker." Poe shook his head, ignoring the blood that was now dripping onto his lips from his forehead, "I'll never tell you." "You know I must say I'm impressed." The man waved his hand and Poe was once more shoved back harshly by the force, "You managed to keep your mouth shut for every other interrogator. Even Hux, which is no small feat as the man is about as friendly and pretty as a Gundark." Poe glared harshly, straining against the Force, "The Resistance will not be intimidated by the likes of you." The man chuckled, the noise sounding robotic and cold, "I will have you telling me the location of the droid yourself." "Never." The pilot spat, "I would never betray the resistance." "So be it." All of sudden the headache vanished only to slam right back into his head as the masked man began looking through his memories, "Ah. What is this? You had a friend in the Jedi Massacre?" Poe's jaw clenched harshly, "Stop it! Get out of my head!" "He's dead now, isn't he?" The man chuckled mirthlessly, "Well, as good as dead, at least." The pilot froze, still galring, "What do you mean as good as dead ?" The man lifted a hand up to his helmet, pressing a series of buttons before a hiss signified the helmet being released. The man lifted it up and shoulder length black curls tumbled out. Brown eyes, nearly black now with darkness, and pale white skin that never sees the sun. That longer than usual nose. Poe's breath chocked in his throat, "Ben." The smile was not the same as the one Poe remembered from their childhood, "Poe Dameron. I suggest you not use my birth name. I am Kylo Ren now." "No." Poe tried to reach for him, but was stopped by the shackles, "No, Ben, fuck. Listen, they've...they have to have brainwashed you! They took you and they brainwashed you and...and...you can help me escape and everything will be okay-" "Silence." Kylo snapped, glaring, "I told you not to use that name. Now tell me the location of the droid." Brown eyes stared sorrowfully into black ones, "You know I can't do that." For the first time in their encounter, Poe saw hesitance and guilt on the mans face and he realized that Kylo wanted him to tell him the droid's location so he didn't have to torture him, "Ben, listen to me. Listen! We grew up together, you're not really going to do this, are you?" He clenched his jaw, "I will do what I must." "Now I know that's not true." Poe laughed humorlessly, "You know I was your best friend, we grew up together. That is until I believed you were dead . Needless to say I know when you're bluffing." Kylo fixed his expression and sneered, "I told you not to use that name. You know nothing of me." "Yeah, I know nothing about you after a million sleepovers and a billion adventures and our entire childhood !" Poe scrunched up his face, "Ben please. Please don't do this. You might've thought that your parent had forsaken you, you might've been angry, but I was there. I was always there. We were a team, come on, you have to remember-" "I SAID SILENCE!" Kylo snapped, turning around to hide his face from the pilot before his voice dropped to a whisper, "You have to understand that I am beyond redemption." Poe shook his head, "No one is ever beyond redemption." "I've killed people." Kylo turned around, his face stoic, "I've done so on missions before. I-I've done horrible things, I'm dark-" "You sound like you're trying to convince yourself, not me." Poe laughed, "Because I know my best friend and I know he's not dark, or evil, or whatever bullshit they spoon-fed you to get you to leave your parents and I behind. I know this isn't you, this is whatever leader you have speaking. Ben Solo is a good person, an honest one, and that can't be changed. Kylo Ren, or whatever the fuck you call yourself now, is the fantasy creation of whoever turned you. You were fifteen , Ben. Fuck, I know we all want to rebel against our parents, but this is a bit extreme, don't you think?" The dark haired mans lips were pursed, "I'm dark. I'm not just dark, I am the Dark Side!" "No, you're emo." Poe snapped, "You also need to get your head out of your ass! What do you have here? People who love you and care about you and worry for you? People who will care when you're sad, who will lend an ear and listen to you, people who will deal with the stupid shit you always do like this ?" "I have power!" Kylo glared, "Power and respect!" Poe snorted, "You can have the same things at home. You can join the Resistance, you can work on being a Jedi again or whatever! You'll have power and you'll earn the respect, plus you'll have unconditional love and all that jazz." "I don't think anyone holds any love for me anymore. You're misguided in your thinking." Kylo shook his head, "No one wants me back." "Yes, because your mom and dad cry on your birthday because they don't love you. They get this sad, heartbroken look when you're mentioned because they hate you. Right, and my mother was a Rancor." Poe sighed, "Besides, does your past really mean nothing to you? Does our friendship mean nothing? Does all the fucking times I've helped you and chased off bullies mean nothing to your dumb ass?" Kylo shakily exhaled, "You're wrong. They'll hold me back-" "No, they'll support you. Like they always have, or at least tried to, for that matter." Poe glared, "If you really are evil and dark and all that shit then you can go ahead and kill me. Take that lightsaber and run me through, because I'll never tell you where the map is." Kylo gritted his teeth and grabbed his light saber, activating it, "Maybe I will." Poe smirked, "You won't." The lightsaber fell with a clang, and Ben looked at the pilot in defeat, "Why are you always so fucking difficult?" "Because I put up with your bullshit for fifteen years and know how to handle you." Poe cocked an eyebrow, "Now will you help me out of these fucking restraints? They hurt and I think I'm getting metal burn." "That's not a thing." Ben picked up his helmet and pursed his lips before sliding it into place over his head. As he began to walk away Poe's heart dropped, "Ben! Ben did you not hear that entire speech I just gave you, you idiot? Get back here and help me, dumbass!" "I'll be right back." The mechanical voice responded, "I just have some diversions to create. Sit tight." Poe glared at his retreating back before muttering to himself, "I fucking hate that stupid bastard and the shit he gets himself into..." He had just been dozing off when the mechanical doors squealed, causing Poe to jerk and hit his head on the metal chair. He cursed quietly, looking to see a trooper walk into the room and cursed once more mentally. Had Ben changed his mind? Had he been playing Poe? He leaned his head back, closing his eyes. His best friend really was gone. In that moment he just wanted to kill every single fucking First Order member. He had lost his parents when he was young, he thought he had lost his best friend, and now he really had lost Ben. Truly, and for good. "I'm here to help you." The trooper hissed, "We're gonna escape!" "What?" Poe's eyes snapped open, "Did Ben send you?" "Ben? Who's Ben?" The trooper shook his head and took off his helmet, revealing a younger looking man, younger than Poe and Ben at least, "Look, I'm here to help you escape." Poe sighed, relaxing slightly. Ben might have betrayed him, but he'd get out of here one way or another, "Why?" "Because it's the right thing to do." The trooper look to the side, and Poe realized. "You need a pilot, don't you?" The trooper didn't even look guilty, "Yeah." "Nice. Okay, let's do this." "You ever fly a TIE fighter?" The trooper looked mildly concerned as he began releasing Poe from the restraints, "Can we make it out...?" "Listen." Poe jabbed a finger into the man's chest as his other arm and moved onto his legs, "I can fly anything. I'm the best pilot in the resistance-" "The best pilot in the galaxy! Yeah, we get." A mechanical voice spoke from the doorway. The trooper jumped about ten feet in the air and looked like he had thoroughly shit himself, "Oh Maker. Oh Maker, um, Lord Kylo Ren...I was...I was just taking the prisoner to another holding cell on orders of-of General Hux!" "Really?" Ben tilted his masked face, "Because I was just speaking to Hux regarding his plans for the prisoner." Poe recognized the tone in Ben's voice even through the mask, "Ben stop being a shit head." A gloved hand reached up to his mask, and soon enough the face of his friend stared back at him, "Why? It's fun." "Because I said so." Poe rolled his eyes, "I'm older." "That literally means nothing." Ben deadpanned, "Why am I even listening to you?" "Because if you didn't you'd be stuck in your little emo world filled with rain clouds and inverted rainbows." Poe rubbed his wrists, "Now lets get out of this Maker-forsaken place. We happen to have another passenger." "Great." Ben rolled his eyes, "I told them the droid was on Hoth. I said I'd go personally retrieve it with the prisoner because you'd lead me right to it. If anyone asks I'll say...I'll say I wanted reinforcements." "What in the actual Hell is going on?" The trooper looked between the two apparent friend with wide eyes. "Long story." Ben waved a hand, "Tell you later, FN-2187." "FN-2187?" Poe questioned as they left the room, "That a nickname or-?" "That's the only name I've ever had." The trooper shrugged as he and Ben both replaced their masks. "Ben!" Poe snapped "Listen, that's that fucker Hux's doing. I had nothing to do with the troopers." "Well how about Finn? You know, because of the FN?" "Now really isn't the time, Poe." "Shut up, Ben. I'm not the one who rebelled by trying to become my grandpa." "Shut up!"