Under That Night Footfalls echoed down the length of the aircraft, even as Rey bolted in the other direction, trying with knee-jerk urgency to escape confrontation. Nervous to face down the prospect of killing a stormtrooper with a story like Finn and an identity like herself, transient and obscured by endless ellipses. More anxious to come face-to-face with the only other Jedi on base. Stumbling into yet another dead-end wall, Rey amending it to herself. Not a Jedi anymore. He's just a scared little boy who's never been touched by a woman. He's lost. "Rey! What the hell are you waiting for?" Poe sounded worn-out and irritated in her comm, probably juggling too many operatives like a harried air traffic controller. Told the timing had to be just right for this venture. "I'm lost, I think! This place is like a mausoleum," trying not to convey how he'd scared her senseless. "Masoleave the base, and things only get worse. I swear, it's raining ice cubes out here," came Poe's taciturn reply. "Turn right there, yeah, and you should hit the atrium in a few blocks." "Thanks for the overhead, D." She waited until the line went fuzzy to mumble her quip about the weather, fearing the worst if anyone questioned. Sometimes I see my enemy in dreams. Sometimes we're not fighting. I don't know if he's actually with me, it just feels so. Where we go, when we go there, snow covers the garden. It looks so peaceful at night, gorgeous and deadly. As promised, the hollow walkway morphed abruptly into a buzzing hangar, ships docking back and forth in uneventful (albeit evil) commerce. Slowly, Rey crept along the edge of the wall. Intent on surviving, chiefly by spotting the first trooper to spot her. Of course, her eyes swept the room and fell on the wrong set of kneepads. Immediately, there was a volley of fire purposed as a warning. Remind him what it means to feel. Remind him that it is not too late. There's good in him still. "Stop, stop! I surrender!" Abruptly, shots ceased to ring overhead, and the sparks abated. Looking like a proper victim, backed against the wall. As he neared, she felt the steam of his lightsaber and the quality of its corrupted energy, churning and indecisive. Without further fight, Rey was paralyzed, or nearly so. She learned in her first week of training that the original version of such a trick was a weapon of pure pain. Currently, Rey felt less trapped than ever in a long life of wide-open desert sands. It worried her, such an immense berth. Either the mission or his callousness had been compromised in the gesture. Clumsy with adrenaline, Kylo barely managed to knock her senseless before tendrils of healing lit through the limbs held closest to his chest. Sheltering, carting her with a brittle preciousness deeper and deeper into the complex, towards the interrogation room. Affording just enough time between healing and black unconsciousness for her to hear him whispering lowly, meant only for his ears. What he said, Rey couldn't be certain. It sounded like the name of that Senator, the title of a song someone bartered bread for on Jakku. Amidala... *** Through her comm, faintly, came Poe's excited voice, "Excellent Rey, phase one is flawless. We got operatives infiltrating as we speak." "Mmhm," she returned, and watched through the haze as Kylo's head snapped up, awake in a heartbeat. However long she'd been asleep, he'd joined her. Through the frosted glass, she saw his reflection. Glinting, possessed. Dark circles under his eyes, the ticking in her mind screaming, is there no saving you? Can I still bring you home, if I have to tear apart this galaxy? Meaning these words and yet being confused, why him and why her in these dreams like visions of another time? Trying to summon an ounce of insight for the waking world. "How long?" Rey asked, rasping like she'd been underwater. "Why does it matter, here?" he snarled, absenting the silence like it was his duty, and Rey cursed her own disappointment. Of course it would be the reality of mercurial, violent Kylo Ren and not the half-broken, gentle shadow in her dreams. "It doesn't, I'm sorry," she answered quietly. Feeling his cautious intrigue at her concession, Rey let herself imagine that maybe he'd missed these conversations. "You're not totally your impossible self, did I hit you a little too hard?" he jeered, and Rey wanted nothing but to spit back at him, not hard enough . But that wasn't part of the mission, this time. She could argue plenty when it was over. "It wasn't a day at the races, but you know me, good old resilient Rey," she babbled, trying to give off the appearance of wasting time. Not too heavy-handed, you're an awful actress. Just be the least authentic version of yourself. Like he'll know. "One finds incredible strength in growing up a scavenger, do they not?" the bitterness of his tone wasn't lost on Rey. "One does find a certain-" she paused halfway through a sentence she didn't know the end to. Seamlessly, he took the bait. "You're biding for time. You think they'll rescue you?" A calculated wide-eyed look of panic, some dramatic gasping. "No, how do you know that?!" A rusty whisper that dulled to sobs, and Rey wondered if Poe was catching this masterpiece. "The Force works in mysterious ways," he answered, and it was all Rey could do to close her eyes before they rolled irretrievably in their sockets. Knowing he hadn't been in her mind for a single second, or else he'd be halfway to the ends of the galaxy by now. Do you feel my compunction? Will you understand why, in time? There's always, always the dreams... "You're pure evil," she blurted, and something strange happened; the low-light emissions Rey felt intensified. She'd struck a nerve, however tentatively. "Am I?" she braced for a pain that never came. Just his hand on her face, pretending to probe but only just touching. He thought she still couldn't feel him faking. Rey reeled, baffled by his repeated refusal to violate her privacy, to make her a prisoner of the same coffin as his. Was he afraid of what he'd find? Or, maybe, what he'd reveal. Suddenly, this was feeling like more and more of a cruel plan. Wishing she'd told them to get someone else, but maybe she'd felt it all along, how she wasn't going to be able to carry it off, and he'd have warning... His hand still clutched at her face, and she still pretended to be disgusted. Nothing had changed in her moment of reckoning. Rey pictured Finn and Poe, curled up together on the couch drinking hot wine, and gritted her teeth against such impossible weakness. For them, she'd put aside all inside her heart to make it a safer, free world. "Monster!" she spat at him, and immediately he backed off, retreating to the corner of the room. "Rey...," he breathed, and it got much harder to hold back those crocodile tears, to pretend her erratic waffling was a product of fear and not something else entirely. The dangerous note to his voice swept away. Sounding tired, weighed down by the constant pull of the light. "What?" It came out harsher than she meant. His eyes turned to her, and the tears swimming there spoke of a greater torment than even Rey had expected. "Aren't you cold?" his tone soft and pleading unlike she'd ever heard. Frost on the window, and she felt him behind her, trying so hard to find her hand on the glass. Aren't you cold? My little wife, looking at dark clouds, dreaming up ghosts. Everything is sweet here, we're safest here together. Come to bed, come here... "I don't know," Rey answered brokenly, out of character and maybe out of her mind, "Are you?" They stared into the depths of each other and for a moment it drifted between them, a sliver of light. "I know who they are, they're Anakin-" Rey interrupted him, fearing that if she didn't say something then, it would all slip by her too fast. "Ben, it's a trap, they're going to try to seize you as a criminal. You need to get far, far away. Right now." Shocked, he stood with his jaw gaping. "Ben, do you hear me? They'll execute you. I know you weren't reading my mind, I know you healed me, and I know . But you need to run!" If this makes me dark, then that's who I'm meant to be. I can't go on if he dies, I can't answer all these questions myself. I just can't and I won't have to. He'll escape and live. I'm sorry, Finn, I'm so sorry. "Run and leave you here?" was Kylo's question. "It's the only way." Rey stiffened her upper lip. "I'm supposed to be dressed as you when I get out of this room. They'll guide you onto the ship that isn't rigged. Just take it. The Falcon. They won't be able to trace you." In her mind, Rey put it together that she'd been planning for this all along. Still, he refused to budge from her side, looking torn, on the verge of a tantrum. "What are you waiting for, go!" He turned to look at her, and Rey never realized how dark his eyes were before it was goodbye. "Rey, I can't-" he begged, but she kept nodding her head until it became truth that he would. 'You will. It's okay, everything is sweet. There are planets full of so much green..." she felt herself losing track, and he was touching her face again, warming himself by it. "I'm sorry, Rey, I didn't want..." "Go!" she was getting desperate, sure they were closing in. Shying away from where she sat, expression crumbling, pained, Kylo finally obeyed. Sobbing even as he lifted the mask over his head. "May the Force be with you," they shared, and he was out the door. Rey sat for a long time listening to the cacophony of destroyed plans over her comm, until slowly she pulled it from her ear. As the door to the interrogation room clanged shut, Rey closed her eyes and willed the spartan walls from her mind. She rested her hand on his chest, something told her the heartbeat there wanted her to listen, and she heard herself laughing, chiding, saying it was just a dream. Over and over, repeating it until his eyes found solid ground. It was a dream, nothing more, you and I, we're safe together, I'm not leaving you... *** "General Organa, there was nothing we could do to stop him..." Leia sighed, feeling old beyond her years. Taxed into retreat, more like, if the past few decades were any sign. "She let him. In fact, she wanted him to." "Excuse me, General?" the Finn boy looked absolutely stricken, but also like it was not quite the biggest surprise. "Poe, she didn't want to watch him die. Rey compromised the mission because that ungrateful snot must've shown some redemption. Proved to her that she's not alone." "What, and we didn't give her that?" Finn's hotheaded tears were punctuated by Poe burying him under an arm, half-protective and fond. "Rey's known him on some level all her life," Leia returned cryptically, thinking it best to let the subject rest. She wasn't entirely unsympathetic to the betrayal and disbelief of Rey's friends, but for her the situation was complicated tenfold, and she'd felt the shift long before both sides began to unravel. If there was a chance that Rey had ransomed back the future that could've been, even so late, then Leia was gravely indebted to her. But there was no reaching in to just pluck Rey out, not on Starkiller, and certainly not once they discovered such a massive breech in security. This fact the General mourned until daylight, the same as those who stayed awake in grief on the lower decks for their compromised hero. Difference being, Leia couldn't know for sure if she'd lost them both that night. Sensing against all odds that it might be the reverse. *** Chapter 2 : Before All This Languishing alone and agitated, Rey found herself with unprecedented time to reflect. Thinking of her hard-won friends, of how her actions amounted to betrayal in the stark light of day. Of how long she'd related his empty threats and poisonous words around campfires and strategy tables, but never the moments of goodness. It's just us now. Wondering who was coming for her, and when. Deep down, the word if made an appearance. Using regret to ease the rising panic. A leverage against ticking minutes that seemed to say, she'd seen worse tragedy. Pitying Han's ignorance to the Force; he'd died without knowing that Ben meant every word on the bridge, and more. Picked up from the falling snow and heaved by his cloak into thick straps, poked inside of for weeks on end. Tortured by his own knights, nearly, in the quest for total, unflagging strength. Tell me again why exactly you failed? Flares of white hot pain bleeding from his mind into Rey's, begging alone in her bed, sleep, for fuck's sake, sleep because you're killing me with you . Intermittent nights filled with silence, when the exhaustion of training ushered her into fitful dreams and that maddening otherness. Lost to description but Rey's exasperated conclusion, love is blindness. She loved the water. This was her sentiment as his hand traced skittishly down her bare back, I loved the water when I was young and it is my refuge now that we are older and you walk towards me taller and more powerful than ever. I know you'd never hurt me. Kiss me, catch your death and kiss me, before it's all gone... *** During a training exercise in mind-tricking, Rey accidentally exorcised all the unrequited pain of a connection severed. For weeks there'd been no forthcoming message, no call to arms. Just an unnerving deadness, and the dreams. Think, harder, concentrate. In through the nose, good, little more, yes! Yes Rey, just like that. It's not so hard, is it? Communication between Jedi is a gift. Now, is there something you want to see or say, other than "I'm doing it!"? "No, I don't think so," she answered, already starting to pack up her equipment. Even for the excuse of turning away, it was something productive. "Are you sure, Padawan?" Voice so perpetually gentle, unshaken by her sudden rush. Swallowing thickly, Rey did a quick nod, tamping down a threatening tide of frustration. "You know, there is nothing that could make me think less of you, dear," and she whipped around, tears exploding, as well as several empty canisters on the shelf above them. "I...I...," she sputtered. "You?" Luke urged, and from his reserved tone she understood that he guessed right from the start. "I used to feel his pain," Rey stuttered for a moment at Luke's undisguised wince, "and now there's nothing." "Padawan, is this what you mourn? That you're freed from a link to the Dark Side?" Suggesting in the subtlest way possible, she was making mountains. Wiping viciously at her face, Rey sucked some of her hurt back inside, at no small cost to dignity. "You're right, Master. It's for the best that we travel different paths." Luke's mouth tugged at the end, unflinchingly proud of what he'd done with this second chance. A beat of hesitation, before Luke stood and addressed her lightheartedly, brushing off the crease between his brows. "That's my last lesson for today, dear. Have a good swim, yes?" and Rey waved from the doorway, leaning half out of necessity. "Thank you, Master Luke," she said. Still stinging at the edges with embarrassment for such an outburst, obviously anxious to escape. "And Rey, before you go? He's doing it to protect you." *** "Come on!" Frustrated and weak, she reapplied herself. Bursting through with an immense push of cosmic energy, Rey sat back in bed, thinking, so this is what they are doing to you. When a memory is probed, it turns metallic, darker each time. Our recollection fades from the shock, and we die a small death each time this happens. Snoke was spending hours sifting through Kylo's brain like a sick sort of cataloging, singling out what he wanted to reinforce and what he wished to permanently discard. Burning knowledge of his previous life with no mercy, no pause. Repeating until he was repurposed and re-broken. Only, she felt within him a stronghold of the Force, a key to lock some special thought away. It took every ounce of his effort, and every second of his concentration. To close this, she felt, would be to lose the person who was once Ben Solo forever. Desperately, she pictured the words to what she longed to say, in light of a new understanding between them. Not all evil elects to be so. Sometimes, we are a product of our experiences. Visualized blowing the caption up like a balloon and releasing it into the sky. Convinced she went unheard, and doubtful he would care, Rey turned over to resume her wait. For the person who was an exception to the destruction of her family, for a new trial in her training, for another baffling dream. You are as strong as who you compared yourself to, and more, Ben. *** Slowly, like waking up from a long rest, Rey felt something tickling in the back of her mind. Immediately fearing that Snoke had come for her at last. Knowing the stall was a matter of chaos and not mercy. Only, it was someone vaguely hers, familiar. An inkling of hope that lasted and grew stronger with each foray. The words seemed to trickle in, narrated not by her consciousness but by his uncollected voice. Both disturbed and comforting, hurt and happy. You're worrying, Rey. Do you want to hear the story about the dreams? Will it settle you? She started giggling with relief, the sound unprecedented in such an exacting room. So relieved by company she could cry. Named Rey so she could always make light, even in the worst danger. Finding solace in the unthinkable. I'd like that, since I so rudely interrupted you before. At that they grinned, recognizing the beginning of more than one story. *** Chapter 3 : What'd I Miss How fitting, that they spoke best through parallels. *** Just between us, I didn't know about this until it was too late. But my grandparents were in love. They took retreats together, no, let me start over. They met when Anakin was a slave and his world was small. So small, he thought Padmé was an angel, at first. Maybe the problem was he never stopped. In the beginning, it was a long and overdrawn friendship. Fights and political discussion, lots of complaining. He longed to be more powerful, does that sound familiar? And she reined him in, showed him more to life than conquest. Conquest in a world-dominance way, um, not love. So they kissed by the water. You remember that one. He was a Jedi Knight, indentured to his work. She was a diplomatic ruler on Naboo. I think her refrain was that it shouldn't have happened, but she fell in love, saw something in him that reminded her of home. When they married it was beautiful, I mean, she looked beautiful. All the beading and stuff, you know. They had an apartment? Maybe, a house. Couches and a bed together. Flowers in vases all of that. Anyways, he was away mostly for missions, and she was busy in her own right. After months of secrecy, he returned, itching to tell her about a new vision for the Empire. Before Anakin could, she confessed that she was pregnant, which brought him back to the ground. Reminded each of what mattered. What he wanted to tell her she later had to hear from a friend, and that broke Padmé's heart more than the rest. Nothing changed then, but there was a shift in Anakin. The dreams of his mother's death abated and became nightmares about his wife's. In an effort to protect her, selfishly and lovingly, he pledged allegiance to the darkness. Hoping to challenge those premonitions, to swerve disaster. As he fell deeper and deeper, it was her at his side keeping sanity around. Holding him, touching him when he most needed humanity. The energy Padmé created was a work of light. Entirely good, and trusting. She was a freedom fighter, gifted and very popular with her people. She saw the best in him even when it was no longer there. By the end, he'd murdered children, alienated his closest friends, his teacher, lost precious things that don't come back. When they confronted each other, it had already been goodbye for many meetings. Anakin choked her senseless, and self-fulfilled his own prophecy. Only, you see, he was a victim, trapped by the Force and his own desperation. The desire for power inside him used as a weapon by another Supreme Leader to manipulate and destroy. He was thrown into the fire, and burned, discarded by the light as trash and salvaged by the dark. When he awoke, Padmé was dead, and his children were halfway across the galaxy. And one of them was my mother, who never quite understood, and suffered all her life with the ghost of what might've been. As strong and as brave as she is, she never knew them the same as I did. And still it wasn't enough to warn me away. Do you see? They are with us. Not in our power, but in the other part. *** Rey felt needy for water, for air to breathe outside of the same claustrophobic room. Wanting to stop him to ask questions, wanting to know still, but how and from where? Tamping down curiosity to make room for what was truly important. You said it was too late and it's not. What I really want to hear is your story. Whatever possessed you? Kylo paused, and she felt him slump against the same console she'd taken swings at in frustration just a few days earlier. There was a lot of pain in my childhood, and that's what fueled me. Not light, but the absence. Rey bit her lip, wondering whether or not to probe. Han wasn't understanding of the Force. And Leia was gone? My mother was always, always gone, and she didn't seem to know I needed her, since she'd never felt the same for her mother. The last thing my father wanted was a clumsy, withdrawn boy who reminded him of his stolen freedom. I was lonely, so lonely. Snoke, your memories... He only took what he found. I kept him away from my family, from the best ones. And what are those? Instead of a reply, Rey felt herself compelled to think in a certain direction. When she stopped resisting, it was painless. You took it off so deliberately, I thought you were trying to show me just how ugly you were. He laughed, short and harsh. A letdown of nerves. Wasn't I? No, actually. You saw me lose my steam and you didn't capitalize on it. I knew there was something up with you. I felt a pull to you...when we first touched. It shocked me. "Don't be afraid, I feel it too." is that anything to say to a prisoner during interrogation? I'll try to do better next time. Abruptly, the conversation turned serious. Ben, will there be a next time? Kylo's silence fed the fear that this would be a one-night stand of emotion in a lifetime of enmity. Paralyzed on the wrong side of the fight, helpless and suffering to no end, no absolution. She felt him exhale tension, clearly coupling the same dark thoughts. Only if you will it, Rey. ***