The Massage "You seem tense." Phamsa states to Hux dryly as they stand on he command deck of the newly finished Starkiller base "Is the great General Hux nervous about the demonstration?" She smirks under her helmet as Hux side eyes her but keeps his composure. "I’m not nervous" He scoffs "Mmhmm," She hums "You need to find a way to relax, bottling it up isn’t healthy you know." Hux puffs out a breath of air causing Phasma to roll her eyes under her helmet. "Ah, General? I have an incoming message from Kylo on the Finalizer." You call out from your station. "I don’t want to speak to that insufferable wannabe sith lord!" Hux loudly bursts out causing you to jump in shock as the bridge goes silent, no one daring to even cough. "H-he's too busy to talk" You mumble back to the comms officer on the Finalizer. "He said he'll try again later," You quietly inform Hux as he glares out the window to the frosty landscape before him. With a small head nod, the bridge goes back to their jobs "You know, Officer Y/L/N know how to help people relax" Phasma continues "you should ask her for some assistance" She nudges the ginger man with her elbow. "I won’t bother my officers for personal assistance." He retaliates in calm tone "Oh come on, you need to unwind and she has the magic touch." The captain presses on, not bowing out until her superior breaks. "Are you seducing my comms officers, Captain?" Hux asks with a raised eyebrow. "No, I needed to get rid of a knot in my back one day after training and she offered to help. Just a quick massage but, well, you need more than that." Hux doesn’t need her helmet removed to see the smug grin spreading up her face after that statement. Hux growls to himself: "I’m fine." "You won’t regret it. Just a nice massage then you’ll be less… stressed." Phasma hums "I’m not stressed!" Hux snaps causing her to grin to tug up wider. The general sighs to himself. "If I try this, will you drop the subject?" He asks under his breathe. "Perhaps, perhaps not” The Chrome plated captain teases in a sing-song tone. Hux sighs again, straightening up his shoulders as he does. “Officer Y/L/N.” He barks from the window. "Yes, sir?" You pop your head up from your station to look at your commander. "The general has a special job for you." Phasma say with a hint of amusement in her tone before Hux can stop her. She motions you to come over to where they are standing. "What is it?" You ask as you walk up to the bridges wide window. "Remember when you helped me get rid of a few knots in my back?" She asks as Hux face wears an expression made of stone, eyes boring into you. "Yeah?" You ask in confusion "Would it be possible for you to work you magic and then some on the General tonight? He’s wound up a bit too tight." "If the General is fine with it, then I shall." You say as you feel you cheeks heat up at the thought. "Oh, he does." Phasma smirks under her helmet "You can meet him in his private quarters tonight at 8" “Yes, Ma’am.” You salute as she dismisses you back to your station. "You’re welcome." Phasma hums triumphantly under her helmet. "For what, moming me or embarrassing my officer for me?" Hux groans in utter exhaustion "For getting the cutest comms officer of the bunch to give you a private massage General" she grins “and them some.” "I do not see my officers in such away. This will be strictly professional." Hux says sternly. "Oh, that’s a shame. Kylo said she was pretty cute the other day. I bet he would jump at the chance to get a private massage from Y/N." "You tell that shit to stay far away from my comms officers unless it is for business purposes only." Hux shouts as the bridge falls back into silence, no one daring to look over at the fuming man. *************************************************** You knock on the door to Hux’s quarters that night at 8 and dart your eyes to the floor, wandering if you should make an excuse to not go through with this and high tail it back to your quarters. Heavy footsteps echo out from the other side before the door slides open. "Sir, if you don’t want to do this, then I’ll be fine with it, you seemed kind of-" You murmur looking up from your feet to him cutting your sentence off. Hux runs a hand through his damp red hair as he stands at his door way. A pair of black, silk pajama pants cling to his long tone frame, dipping down just deep enough to see the top most part of his V-line pop out. A little bit of steam seeps out into the hall from his open bathroom door. He cocks up an eyebrow waiting for you to finish. "-uncomfortable" You breathe nervously and you feel a familiar warmth pool in the pit of your stomach. Who knew the General was so good looking under his uniform. "I will not here the end of it from Phasma if I do not indulge in her silly requests this once." He responds dryly as he lets you into his quarters. You nod and step into the large room, darting your eyes around from the bed on the far wall to a rather large desk area next to a small table and chair set. Everything is perfectly organized, as you’d expect from someone like Hux. "So, uh, Phasma just sat in a chair without her armor but, I don’t know how you'd prefer it.” You postulate. He watches you pace around his room nervously, calculating the perfect spot for this charade. "Well if the Captain was sitting then I chose laying down." The man smirks to himself as he walks to his bed, one side of it is pushed against a wall, leaving only one open area between the head and foot boards. His eyes dart over to you, watching you try to hide your tense squirming and scarlet tinted cheeks. "Alright and would you prefer shirt on or off?" You ask, mentally berating yourself mentally as you hear you voice crack a bit. "I believe you already know the answer to that one" The General’s smirk grows a bit wider as you get even more flustered by his subtle teasing. "I’ll need oil then." You grit out as you take off your jacket. When did the room get so hot? You set your jacket onto one of the chairs at the small table "I have some in the bathroom" Hux nods his head towards the bathroom doorway. You quickly walk in and swipe the small bottle off the counter before walking back out. Hux is laying stretched out on his stomach on the bed. You awkwardly stand at the edge of it figuring out how you’re going to maneuver around him with board and wall in the way. "Just straddle my waist." He instructs as if he was reading your thoughts. He wraps his hands under the pillow his head is resting on. You slide off your boots and set them by the jacket, feeling the warmth at the pit of your stomach burn hotter than earlier. You strut hurriedly back to the bed gently hoisting a leg around his waist and scooting the other one up onto the bed slowly sitting down on his round ass. "Nervous Y/N?” Hux coos in a low velvety tone. You pray to the force and the old and new gods that he won’t feel anything wet other than the oil during the session. "Ahh no, I’m fine." You lie, unnervingly squirting some of the oil on to his back and rubbing into your superior officer’s flesh. "Ready for the fun part?" You blurt out in a sultry tone without thinking twice. "This better be as good as Phasma said it would" The General warns ‘No pressure then’ You groan in your head. "So, just try to relax a bit." You instruct him. Hux nods in response as you start to rub your hands along his back and shoulders, lightly applying pressure down in some areas. You scan the various scars and ghosts of welts along his back, making you pause without realizing it. "I know you staring at them" Hux says snapping you out your trance "Don’t be afraid to touch them." "Y-yes sir" You say quietly. It was weird for you to see the General’s most venerable physical features. "Keep going" He orders as he smirks once again. You place your palms under his shoulder blades and apply heavier pressure onto his back. You knead you palm into his back as he sucks in a harsh breath of air. "I’m sorry you have knots everywhere" You utter under your breath as you twist you palm into your knuckles. He sighs in content at the motion. You sweep your hands back down his back some more and repeat the process again with the different knots hiding under his taut muscles. Hux's eyes close in relaxation as he lets small sighs and groans of pleasure slip out. You run your hands back up and massage the tops of his shoulders and around his neck before running your hands back down his spine and digging your palms into the base of his back. "How are you holding up?" You ask quietly as he cracks an eye. "Very....at ease. Phasma as right, you do have a magic touch." Hux praises with a smile. A bolt of electricity shots down your spine as you feel yourself grow even more excited, lower part of your body burning up. "Thank you." You respond shyly. “Shall I turn over for the front?” The man’s smile turning into a challenging smirk. Your cheeks tinge in heat as you give him a small nod, body seeming to act on its own accord. You feel a firm pair of hands lift up your hips, making you hover over the ginger’s hips. Hux lets go of your hips and turns over onto his back while still under them. He motions for you to sit back down. You comply and slowly lower yourself onto his hips. Your face heats up as you feel a small bit of wetness start to pool into your panties. Hux was as hard as a rock under where you sat and he felt so big. You try to mask you shock and awe from the general, who is watching you intently. Hux bites back a smug smirk. “Are you going to start again? Or just sit on my cock with a shocked expression?” He taunts with a lip twitch. “I… I need more oil” You ramble quietly as you reach for the bottle besides you and squirt a bit onto his chest. You try with all your might to ignore Hux’s ‘appendage’ as you restart your rhythm from his back. You ghost your hands down his pecks and apply pressure with your palms in knuckles to areas that feel tighter than normal. You scoot your hips a bit to get a better angle on his collar area, not realizing what you’ve done. A moan erupts from the back of Hux’s throat. You feel yourself soak through your panties at the low, guttural sound. Biting your lower lip, you slide your hips back down his at a much slower pace. Hux repeats the arousing noise once again, making you shudder in delight. You steadily rake your eyes up his body to his own forest green orbs. Hux is staring right back at you, watching intently as you slide down his legs and bunch up the silk pajama pants in you fists. They slide down his longs frame a bit. You pull the down enough for his erect cock to spring free. Hux sucks in a breath with a hiss at the cold air hitting him. You look him in the eye as you squirt the rest of the oil into your hand and reach over to his shaft. You slowly cress him, feeling your tongue dart out between you dry lips, watching your commander unravel before you. Hux lets out small rasped pants as you start to tug him faster. His head falls back completely onto his plush pillow, eyes screwing shut in a feeling of pleasure he hasn’t felt since the academy days. His fists rotate between gripping the sheets and releasing them as each wave of delicious indulgence crashes through his body. You feel his hips buck up and thrust into your hand at the same time of your strokes. You squeeze your hard tight around his cock, a delectable grunt passes from the generals lips causing you to smirk to yourself. Hux’s mouth gapes open, throatily moaning out your name as you swipe your lounge along his slit, lapping at the pre-cum that’s leaking out. You pump your hand as fast as you can, jerking your superior into a wantonly moaning mess. “Ohhh Y/N I-I’m close” Hux whimpers to you as you give him one last tongue swipe along the tip and one last tight squeeze. He burst out all over his chest, white, hot cum leaking out along his pelvis and torso. Hux lays for a minute, regaining his composer and breath. You hop off of him and walk back over to his bathroom, finding a small towel to clean himself with. You turn to the sink to wet it a bit with warm water before spinning on your heels to go back into the room only to be faced with Hux. His pants are pulled up back to hip lower hips as his chest is now decorated with his own seed. “Here.” You offer, reaching out with h towel. Hux half expects you to just give it to him to clean himself up but, you go straight for his chest and wipe up all the cum. A silence falls onto the room. You slip out of the bathroom to gather your boots and jacket from the side table. “Y/N” You perk up your head towards Hux. He walks over to you in four long strides, stopping right in front of you. “I want you to come back again tomorrow night, same time, to work your magic once again. And this time,” Hux drags a hand under your skirt as runs a couple fingers along your soaked panties. You give him a breathy gasp in response, feeling yourself get wetter at the interaction. “I’m going to return the favor.” Chapter 2 : Returning the Favor Summary: You and Hux get dirty in his greatcoat. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux was grateful for the events of last night. Today’s docking of the Finalizer means that the biggest pain in his ass has arrived at the base. It also means a meeting with Snoke that afternoon. Tonight really couldn’t come soon enough for the First Order’s top General. He arrives to his room around 40 minutes before you were due to show up. The General growls to himself, Ren’s pet project on the Skywalker map made their meeting with Snoke drone on longer than he intended. The ginger man slides his greatcoat off his shoulders and hangs it up in his closet before pulling off the top of his uniform, feeling that he needs to at least shower before you arrive. Hux prepares to slide off his pants when a knocking against the door echoes in his quarters. **************************** You find yourself at the doorway to Hux’s quarters once again only you’re earlier than the previous night. About a half hour earlier to be exact, not that you could help it, the event of last night have been replaying in your mind on repeat all day. The General’s sly smirking and wink riddled stolen glances did not make things any better for you. Work felt like it droned on for a life time, you spent most of that time watching the clock rather than relaying messages over the comms links, frustrating the officers on the other lines at times. You figured your superior would be fine with you being a little bit early. You rap you knuckles against to cool metal of the door. The door slides open, a half dressed General Hux greets you from the other side. “I’m sorry I’m a bit early.” You murmur as your face flushes a bit. “It’s quiet alright.” He sighs with a small smirk. It seems that you’ve been wanting this as much as he has. “You’ll just have to wait a few minutes longer while I clean up.” “I can wait.” You smile coyly as you sit in the chair from the night before and pull off your jacket. You commander gives you a parting nod. “I won’t be long.” You watch Hux intently as he walks into his bathroom to wash off all the collected grim from the day. Once the door slides shut you hop up onto your feet and began to search around his room for his greatcoat and the cap he wore only for rallies. A bit of a filthy thought sprung into your head today while you were on duty and now was the perfect opportunity to act on it. You open up his closet and see his hat set perfectly up on the top shelf while his great coat is hung beneath it. You quickly snatch the items, clutching them in your arms. Hux’s sweet, musky aroma brings you to a pleasant daze, until a shuffling from the bathroom knocks you out your trance. He was almost done. Quickly, you discard your own dress and tights, kicking them onto the chair where your jacket lays before snapping off your undergarments. They get tossed into your clothes pile on the chair as you fix his cap onto your head. ‘It’s a bit loose but, it’s not like it’ll stay on the whole time’ You think to yourself as you drape his great coat over your shoulders, mirroring his preferred style. The sound of the shower door clanking shut signals you to quickly strut to the bed and lay across it on your stomach. Hux’s coat feels warm and lush against your bare skin making you feel yourself grow in excitement over the thought of his reaction in a minute. You prop your head into your hands and kick your leg boredly as the lavatory door slides open. Your commander steps into his room, steam seeping out at his feet. His silk pajama pants once again loosely hanging on his hips. He looks over to you spread out on the bed, a devious smirk plays at your lips. You feel you heart start to beat faster as your body shakes with anticipation. He cocks up one of his perfectly red eyebrows with a small girn. You flip over to reveal your nude form. Hux looks taken a back for a second before a predatory grin spreads across his face. He stalks over to you like a hunter to its prey. “Let’s skip the massage tonight” You sensually coo, propping yourself on your elbows. Hux kneels on the bed slowly crawling up to you. He splays a palm out on your chest and presses you back down onto the mattress. “Fine by me, darling.” The General hums while gliding his hand down your smooth skin. A content sigh passes through your lips. Hux pries his hands between your legs and spreads them open wide for him. You pop up your knees a bit as the ginger man runs his hands along your inner thighs with feather light touches and small pinches. A small whimper escapes you when you feel his hot breath along your core. Hux licks his lips in anticipation, watching you squirm in need. “P-please” You beg, face heating up as your body starts to shake again. The general’s predatory grin grows wider as he draws his face closer to your core. He hooks your legs onto his shoulders, pulling you closer to him. You feel yourself sliding against the silk lining of the greatcoat at the action. Hux flicks his tongue along your clit. You mewl his name, arching your back. The General hums in amusement as he repeats the action, wrapping his lips around it and sucking lightly. You hand immediately darts down to his fiery red hair. You twist the perfectly combed locks in your fist, biting back a scream. His eyes flick up to watch you. He removes his mouth making you whimper. “I want to hear every noise you make as I fuck you with my tongue.” Hux growls lowly “I want you to beg for me” “Yes, sir.” You breathe out. Your commander dips his head back down between your legs. He runs his tongue up your folds, sending a bolt of electricity surge through your body. The grip on Hux’s hair become tighter making him groan a bit in pleasure. He laps at the wetness seeping out from you, circling his tongue around your hole. You throw your head back against Hux’s pillows, his cap falling back from your head and rolling down to the floor. Strings of wanton moans drip from you lips as you superior officer caresses your most intimate part with his tongue. He brings up two fingers and sinks them into you. “O-oh Hux” You loudly rasp out. The general pumps the digits in and out of you, occasionally spreading them or curling them up. He presses his tongue back up to your clit, flicking it in the same rhythm as his fingers. You arch you back, tightening your legs on his shoulders and hand him is hair. “I’m so close” You pant “So?” Hux teases between licks “General!” You plead, tightly shutting your eyes. You shudder minute later as your orgasm drowns you in pleasure. Hux laps up your cum, moaning at the feeling of your hand raking through his red tresses. Your other hand grips tightly on his pillow, as you cool down from your release. Hux pries himself from the iron grip of your legs and pops up on his hands. He slowly crawls up your body, erection painfully straining against his silk pants. “Ready for more, darling?” He velvety purrs against your lips. “More of you” you grin propping yourself on your elbows, feeling the greatcoat tug off a bit. “I’m going to take great pleasure in fucking you on my coat.” He groans lustfully as he nuzzles his head into your neck and licks a strip up your throat. The comms link bleeps loudly making both of you to look over to the offending object. Hux angrily mutters something to himself as he gets up from you and walks over to it. “What the fuck does he want?” The General angrily snarls as he answers “General.” Kylo’s robotic voice vibrates out “Ren.” Hux dryly retorts “Having a fun night?” The knight emotionlessly asks “Why are you calling me at this hour?” Hux sigh with a hint of annoyance “Having a fun night?” Kylo repeats “I was asleep!” Hux angrly bursts out “Of course, I’m sorry to disturb you General, I hope you are ready to test out your weapon tomorrow, the Supreme Leader counts on it” Kylo muses mechanically, the helmet distorting his voice. “After all we can’t have you distracted” Hux responds with an angry noise in the back of his throat and hangs up. You both exchange a look before you get up and start to dress. “We’ll continue this later” Hux coos lowly as you peck his cheek and slip out his quarters. ***************************** Kylo watches you leave intently through the security footage. He’s been there all night watch everything in Hux’s quarters unfold. Kylo scoffs to himself, turning off the footage and leaving the room. Notes: OOoooOOOooOOOoOoOo What are you up to Kylo? >:3c I hope this chapter was as enjoyable as the last :) It's kind of rushed and I don't feel like I'm really good at writing cunnilingus so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ I kind of have a full story idea for this fic now. Still kinda making it up as I go along though Chapter 3 : The Offer Summary: Kylo is up to no good. Smol chapter mostly for set up of future chapters. No smut this time (sadly). Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Guess who’s station got destroyed in another one of Kylo’s tantrums” Lieutenant Mitaka greets you with the next morning as you walk onto the deck. You open then close your mouth to answer but sight of Hux and Kylo arguing on the bridge catches your eye instead. You stand on you tip toes looking over Mitaka’s shoulder to get a better look “Yours. It was your station,” He grumbles at you obviously ignoring him “General Hux has let you have the next few days off while it’s being repaired.” “That’s nice of him” You mumble, falling back flat onto your feet again “That means you can leave now, officer Y/L/N” he huffs “Oh…ok” You turn on your heels and leave the bridge. What were you going to do with this free time now? All the officers you normally hang out with off duty are working, Hux would be chained to the bridge for his entire shift and then some now that he’s down an officer, you don’t really need to train or go to the range to practice shooting and there’s no nearby planets to visit- oh how you missed the freedom the Finalizer enabled when you had down time. You give a loud long sigh down the empty hallway, walking to your quarters. ‘You just needed to relax.’ You muse in your mind. You think of taking a long bath, using some of the oils and soaps you got during a trip to Naboo during one of the Finalizer’s dockings, it all sounded so nice. Your eyes fluttered shut as your mind wanders to Hux joining you, feeling his strong arms wrap around you as the two of you sink into the warm water, the scent of everlillies and jade roses swirling through the air. The though made your knees weak as you walked. “Lovely thoughts.” a mechanical voice hums from behind you, making you freeze completely. Your eyes shoot open as you turn your head to see Kylo standing behind you. “A-are you reading my mind?!” You shout in horror, twisting on your heels to face the famed Knight of Ren. You lean against the wall of the hall “No. You’re projecting, darling” the distorted voice of the force wielder purrs while tilting his head close to you. You shiver at the sound of Hux’s pet name for you, it didn’t sound as lovely coming from the robotic voice than it did from the General’s sultry tone. “Why are you here?” You whisper “I want a massage,” Kylo’s voice crackles thought he helmet “and not the quick shoulder one you gave Phasma, no I want one like you gave Hux” You feel your breathe catch in your throat and you mind go into a frenzy. Give Kylo the same massage as Hux? What would Hux think? What would Kylo do if you decline? Did Kylo purposefully destroy your station to distract Hux and free up your time? “How do you know about the massage I gave The General?” You ask the Knight “I watched the security footage. So there will be no need to be nervous around me.” Your chest tightened at his words, you wanted to bolt to your quarters and not leave for the rest of the day after all this. ‘He saw everything and he thinks I’m more worried about him seeing me naked!’ You fume in your mind. His stupid helmet and unstable lightsaber have you more worried than that! And Hux, The thought of him made your heart ache. “I can take the helmet off, and the saber won’t be near us” Kylo’s mechanical voice reassures but, it doesn’t sound reassuring at all “and you don’t need to worry about what a tight ass like Hux will think” Your face flushes, a tingle of pain in your chest once again. Kylo sense your discomfort and steps back a bit, bringing a hand under the chin of the helmet and pulling it up from his head. A mane of black curls fall along his face as dark eyes bore into yours. He leans back into you, your now rapid heartbeat echoes around the quiet hallway. A smirk plays at the beautiful lips of Snoke’s apprentice as he leans in closer to you until his face is millimeters away from yours. “I will give you a day to think it over, choose wisely and you can’t tell the General, this is our little secret” Kylo’s mouth ghosts against yours before he pulls the helmet back on and struts off, leaving you against the wall. Notes: As I said, this is mostly for set up. (with a special appearance by Lieutenant Mitaka, the poor guy who was force choked by Kylo after his tantrum in TFA) What should you (the reader) do??? Take Kylo's offer? Tell Hux? Tell me what you think! Chapter 4 : Thinking about You Summary: Maybe Kylo's offer wouldn't be so bad. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The sounds of a lightsaber clashing with dummies bounces off the walls of one of the many training rooms on the base. You stand at the doorway watching the Master of the Knights of Ren twirl and slash through the dummies with chaotic precision. Just as you’re about to get second thoughts, he turns around to face you, helmet obstructing the view of his gorgeous face. Kylo immediately turns off his lightsaber and pulls off the offending head wear. You coyly walk over to the force wielder. Once you’re close enough Kylo gathers you into his arms, pressing his forehead into your neck. “You chose right” Kylo purrs lowly in your ear, dragging his lips up your neck. You shudder in his arms, feeling your body heat up. The sith apprentice slides his hands down to your thighs and hoists you up with ease. You instinctively wrap your arms around his neck as he walks you both to the nearest wall. Kylo uses his body to hold you up, pressing you against the wall. He buries his face into your neck, ravaging it with kisses and bites. You feel your fingers twist themselves into his long raven locks, tugging them. Kylo’s hands settle at your hips, his thumbs rubbing light circles into your pelvic bone. Your head falls back against the wall. “I want you so bad.” The Ren pants hotly into your ear as his hips rut into yours causing you to gasp. He pulls back and gazes at you as his hands roam down your thighs and up under your skirt. He dances his fingers across your clothed core watching your face contort in pleasure, silently moaning to yourself. Kylo smirks and pushes your panties aside, sinking a finger into you. “Kylo!” A whimper escapes your lips. Your hands move to his shoulders, gripping them tightly. “Ooohh you’re so wet for me” the Knight coos. You give a small nod in return. “Beg for me.” “P-please, my lord, please fuck me against this wall.” You whine, rutting your hips against his digit. “But, darling, my hands are full” He teases, watching you squirm. “D-don’t call me that.” You whine. It made you think about Hux, someone you didn’t want to think about right now. “Well looks like I’ll have make up my own then.” Kylo smirks and leaning his face in closer to you. He pulls his finger out making you gasp is sadness. The knight gives you one last smirk before he crashes his lips against yours while unbuckling his pants with one hand. You eagerly kiss him back, knotting you tongue with his. He keeps you steady on the wall with his body as he pulls out his hard cock. You lift up your hips for him to line himself up against your entrance. Kylo brings his hands back to your hips, diving into you. You moan into his mouth, sucking the air from his lungs. The apprentice break the kiss for air. He presses his forehead you yours as he begins to thrust into you. You lock eyes as Kylo steadily ups the pace from slow to fast. He grips your hips, sliding you up and down on him. Your hips buck in time with his thrusting. Your hands claw at his thick robes. Oh how badly you wanted to tear them off of him. “Next time” He grins between grunts. His mind reading was simultaneously sexy and terrifying to you. The training room begins to fill with a mixture of your moans and his grunts, the air was feeling heavier now than before. Kylo’s thrusting become more erratic as you feel yourself inch closer to delicious satisfaction. One of the Ren’s hands slip back down between your legs. He rolls and pinches your clit in between his gloved fingers. A string of moans fall from your lips, you feel yourself about to go over the edge when a hint of fox red hair catches your eyes. You claw your way up to look over Kylo’s shoulder and see Hux standing in the door way, an angry scowl plastered on his face. The Knight seeming to take no notice to their visitor. Hux angrily struts over to the two of you mouth open as if he was about to shout something. You screw your eyes shut and brace yourself for the explosion of emotions from the Hux and Kylo. Nothing happens. No arguing. No shouting, not even a moan or an orgasm. You crack open an eye. You’re met with the sight of your quarters rather than both of Snoke’s second in command. It as a dream. Maybe a warning. But defiantly a dream. You groan and lift yourself from your bed. You were drenched in sweat while your panties soaked through the pants of your uniform. ‘I will give you a day to think it over, choose wisely and you can’t tell the General, this is our little secret’ Kylo’s words echo through your head. He just wanted a massage like Hux not full blow sex like in your dream. But Hux’s massage also went from 0 to Lightspeed (and it damn near became sex last night too). That’s what Kylo wanted. You get up from your bed and walk over to your bathroom, drawing a bath to soak in for the rest of the afternoon. You really needed to sort out your thoughts. Notes: Worry not! There is more of both Kylo and Hux on the way! (And longer chapters!) Chapter 5 : Torn Apart Summary: Decisions, decisions. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The heater in your quarters kicked on as you stepped out your bathroom. You tightly wrapped the towel around your body and immediately flopped onto you bed, having no motivation to get dressed or do anything else. You’ve spent the past few hours thinking, re-thinking and over thinking every possible outcome and scenario that your new found situation would arise. God your head with splitting. Part of you just wanted to give into the Knight to go straight to his quarters and give him the same treatment as Hux and then some. But Hux, not even the force could prevent the way your chest would contort into pain every time the General crept in to your thoughts. Kylo’s offer, the dream, it all made you feel…guilty? Like you were cheating on Hux with the Knight of Ren. Why was this happening? You knew you wouldn't be able to please both of them, they hated each other for gods sake! But you didn't want to hurt hem either. You groan into your pillow, as if it would make it all go away. Would it really matter to Hux if you took Kylo’s offer? It’s not like you were together romantically or anything, it was just a couple of flings. The worst Hux would do if he found out is ignore your existence and force you to transfer to another base. It you decline Kylo’s offer, the worst he could do is kill you in a fit of rage. Your blood ran cold at the thought of the Knight’s power. ‘Choose wisely and you can’t tell the General, this is our little secret.’ The words echo in your head again, your lips tingle from where Kylo’s were lingering. You knew no matter what you did you were fucked. You decision narrowed down to the lesser of two wraths and suffering on some outer rim planet was much more tantalizing than death. You bring the bottom of your palm to your forehead and knead away the pain. Why did you have to offer that quick shoulder rub to Phasma a few weeks ago? Why did you accept her offer to massage Hux? ‘Oh, that’s a shame. Kylo said she was pretty cute the other day. I bet he would jump at the chance to get a private massage from Y/N.’ Phasma’s last words to Hux that faithful day ring out in your head. At the time you over heard them on the way back to your station, brushing them off as a small joke. Fuck. She was serious. Or maybe she didn’t realize how right she was at the time, you should find her and ask. You peak over to your clock to see if it would be too late. ‘8:14’ the digital numbers blink at you. Was it really so late? How long were you in the bath? You let your head drop back onto your pillow, ready to sleep for a life time until this is all over. A knock on your door halts your plans. You don’t answer, it was probably Mitaka coming to tell you about the discourse you missed today on the bridge. He can wait until tomorrow. Another knock and you still do nothing. ‘Leave’ you plead in your head ‘Leave, leave, leave!’ You door slides open prompting you to jolt up from you bed as your hand darts towards your blaster by the nightstand. You snap you head to see Hux stepping into your quarters, his usually professional expression painted with hints of worry. The blaster falls back from your hands back on to the night stand with a loud ‘clunk’. “Why are you here?” You whisper in the quiet air. “You didn’t come. I was worried something happened.” He responds in an anxious tone. You feel your face flush as Hux brightens the dim lights of your room a bit. You didn’t realize it was so dark in your room until he did. Not that you cared, you felt your heart flutter a bit hearing that the General was worried about you. One of the most seemingly arrogant and uncaring authority figures of the First Order was worrying over you. You almost broke down crying, partially because he cares about you and partly because this is now a new layer of things to consider about Kylo’s offer. Goddammit you just wanted this all to go away. Maybe Kylo would sense you inner turmoil and back off? That was highly unlikely. Kylo was practically a prince and he always got what he wanted or else. The feeling Hux sitting on your bed next you knocks you from you thoughts. “I don’t feel good.” You mumble soundlessly to your commander. He merely nods in agreement. Hux pulls off his boots and greatcoat, setting them aside. You watch him pull off his uniform shirt and under shirt. Hux hands the undershirt to you. “Probably be more comfortable than a towel.” You grab it and quickly pull the black t-shirt on over your towel, whipping it off after smoothing the shirt down. You get up and walk over to your dresser and pull out some underwear. Hux slips off him pants and down to his boxers as you slide up the undergarment. You turn to see him lying in your bed. He pats the mattress beckoning you over. You quickly walk back over to the bed and tuck yourself into the General’s chest. He absent mindedly strokes your hair. “Tell me what happened.” He coos lowly “I don’t want to talk about it. I want to sleep.” You yawn, exhaustion washing over you. Hux’s warm body against yours making you relax into a more tired state. “Then sleep, I’ll be here when you wake up” He promises. You feel your heart pound against your chest as you drift off to sleep. Part of you screaming for Kylo, part of you melting into Hux. Tomorrow’s going to be a doozy. Notes: Some angst. Some fluff. Mostly set up Next chapter has 10000000% more Kylo and smut Chapter 6 : Tonight, You Belong to Me Summary: Kylo smut Rated F for Filth. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hux kept his word about being there when you woke up. You woke up early the next morning, your body tangled perfectly with his, forehead plastered onto his chest. You lift your head to get a look at your commanding officer peacefully a sleep on your own bed. Hux cracks open an eye, as if your stirring woke him up. “How are you feeling?” He says quietly, opening up both eyes and looks down you him. You feel his hand stroke away some of your sweat soaked hair from your cheek. Between the General’s warm body, the heater and the blankets piled on your bed, you felt like you were in a sauna. “A bit better.” You respond with a whisper. Hux smiles down at you then glances over to your clock on the nightstand. Your chest tightened, you didn’t want this to end. You wanted to stop time and stay cuddled into Hux forever. “I have an hour and a half before my shift” He mumbles tiredly. You groan quietly into his chest, you only have a few hours until Kylo starts hunting for you. ******* You walk onto the bridge, feeling a tad out of place without your uniform on, bee lining straight to Mitaka. He notices you hurriedly walking over to him, giving you a confused eye brow cock. “Aren’t you supposed to be relaxing? And not here where you can’t work?” He gawks right as you get to his station. “Do you know where Captain Phasma is?” You ask loud enough for him to hear but no one else. Thankfully no one is taking no real notice to your presence amongst the usual bustle of the bridge. Hux was nowhere in sight, must be with Snoke. “She’s out on a mission with her squadron, they’ll be back tonight. Why?” “I just needed to talk to her.” You sigh. “Well, unless it isn’t urgent, you’re shit out of luck.” He hums stalely. You groan to yourself, leaning on the top of Mitaka’s station with your arms. “Mitaka, hypothetically speaking, if Kylo Ren asked you to give him a private massage in his quarters would you do it?” You ask the lieutenant nervously while tapping a finger on his station “You’re off for a week and you feel like you can bombard me with silly questions?” He rolls his eyes “and I would, probably, rather get my station destroyed by his lightsaber than give him a massage, at least I’d get an extra week off along with my other vacation hours. God knows what he looks like under that helmet.” You both turn to your station that’s in the beginning stages of being repaired. “If only you knew” You mumble quietly “Anyways speaking of out superiors, Syliva in admirations said she saw General Hux leave your quarters early this morn-“ “Welp I can’t tell you how much I enjoy our conversations Mitaka but, I have some stuff. Some v-e-r-y important stuff to do.” “What could you possibly have to do? You’re off work!” Mitaka scoffs with an amused grin “Fall off a railless bridge, feed one of the Wampas outside” You shrug “Wwwhhhhhhoooo knows you know? And tell Syliva to mind her damn business next time you see her. Nothing happened!” “You seem defensive” The lieutenant’s grin widens “Nothing happened!” You grit through your teeth and stalk out the bridge. Mitaka rolls his eyes once again and goes back to work. ********** You wander around the base a bit, trying to find the Knight of Ren before he finds you. You walk around the training areas but, seeing no signs of a chaotic lightsaber. Hesitantly, you go to the suites where the higher ranking officers stay. Kylo’s room is on the floor below Hux’s, with the other Ren. Once you reach the floor you slowly walk over to the door at the very end of the hall. You feel goosebumps rise up on your skin, reacting to the cool air of the corridor. Once at Kylo’s room you raise a hand to knock at the cool metal but, it slides open before you even have a chance to. “I see you made the right decision” The Master of the Ren velvety purrs as you slowly walk into the room, the down slides to a locked shut behind you. He sits folded out on his bed, helmet off but, light saber at his side. The room is considerably warmer than the hall but, much darker. His room is lit by a few candles scattered about and what little natural light peaks through the clouds and shines through his window. Here goes nothing. “I’m only going to give you a massage. Nothing else.” You says firmly as you fold your arms across your chest, trying to hide your nerves. Kylo sense them anyways. A smirk plays at his lips, candle light bouncing off his beautiful face. “I believe I said that you were give me the same massage you gave the General.” He retorts, hiding his amusement as you squirm under his stare “What happened with Hux was spontaneous, something that can’t be repeat-“ “Was it now?” The Knight cuts you off “I’m sure mine can be too, judging by your dream and the way your body is reacting” You feel a surge of electricity run down your spine at his words. You couldn’t lie to yourself, something about him made you so turned on, you were already soaking through your panties. Goddamn his gorgeous features. “There’s just one little part holding you back. I’m sure you know what it is.” Kylo grins at you. He was right, part of you was attached to Hux, dare you say love? At the very least, strongly like. But that part didn’t matter right now. Because right now your other half, the one that’s been craving the raven haired superior, just took full control. “Just forget Hux, even exists right now. Nothing else matters except for me and you.” He coos, sensing your inner turmoil over the situation. You take a small step towards him, feeling any hesitant emotions get drowned out. Hux was put on the furthest back burner of your mind as your body screams out for Kylo with every step towards him. Oh how you were going to regret this later on but, not right now. Right now it was just the two of you. Kylo sits up from the bed, still fully clothed, as you stop right in front of him. “How am I supposed to message you if you’re in those thick robes?” You huff at the Knight. A smirk plays on his lips; “Because I just changed my mind, I want something else.” Your breathe catches in your throat. He did this on purpose, if you were in any other state of mind you’d be furious but, not this time. This time it turned you on, making you giddy at the thought of what he has planned. Kylo makes a motion for you to get on your knees. You obey, feeling your tight clad knees hit the plush rug by his bed. Your eyes dart to his hand as he pulls his saber from his belt. A pang of terror rockets through your body when Kylo holds it up to your mouth. “Open.” He commands. You shiver before slowly opening your mouth for him. The knight slowly pushes in the top of his lightsaber, down to the cross guards. You hold back a gag as he does. “Now, suck on this like it’s my cock” Oh, he’s a kinky one. You briefly wander if Hux was the same way but, a jolt of metal against your cheek snaps you out. “I said to forget about him right now” Kylo sneers. Your purse your lips around the hilt and hallow out your cheeks a bit. The Ren feels his pants grow tighter as he watches you bob your head on the hilt of his light saber. He pulls it out of your mouth after a few minutes, multiple saliva bridges snapping apart and landing on your chin. Your tongue immediately darts out and draws a circle around the top of it as you give the Knight your best ‘fuck me’ look. Kylo groans in his throat at the sight, tossing his saber aside and picking you up onto the bed. You land flat on the mattress with a bounce as Kylo stands up in front of you. The Sith apprentice flips you onto your hands and knees. He paces behind you a bit, yanking his gloves off and tossing them aside. You peak over your shoulder to watch him strip off the outer robes of his ensemble. Kylo towers over you, standing in nothing but his pants. He wraps a fist into your hair, forcing your head and shoulders down onto the plush duvet. He drags the hand down your spine, igniting a fiery sensation where he touches you. Once he reaches your tail bone, he grips your hips and jerks your ass higher into the air. You gasp at the action, making him grin. He grinds his hard cock into your ass to tease you causing a moan to fall from your lips. ‘This was just supposed to be a massage.’ You muse to yourself The Knight flips up the skirt of your dress, rubbing his hands along your ass before digging in his finger nails. A loud ‘rip’ echoes about the bedroom as Kylo expertly rips apart your leggings. You groan to yourself, Kylo responds by tracing the wet spots of your panties. “Don’t tease me, fuck meee” You whine as you wiggle your hips for him, lust over powering all your senses. The raven haired man simply smirks and rips your lacey panties apart, just like your leggings, brushing them away from your sweet spot. Slowly, ever so slowly, he pulls his cock out from his trousers. He rubs the tip along your entrance. “Is this what you want?” He taunts. You buck your hips back towards him. Kylo grins madly, smacking your ass with is hard on. A yelp escapes your lips, making him repeat to motion. “Be patient, pet.” He hums in a sultry tone, gripping your hair again. He lines himself up at your hole and sinks into you. You grip his bed spread, feeling him fill you up as a string of moans escape you. Kylo gives you a second to adjust before pulling out then ramming himself back into you. The pace he set was brutal, quick and rough. You try to rock your hips in tune with him but the sheer force of his thrusting makes you slower than him. The knight leans over you, his body completely covering yours. He uses one hand to steady himself on the bed and another to grip your hip. The sweet sounds of your begging and moaning fill Kylo’s ears, turning him on even more than before. He rams into your much faster, causing you to moan even louder in turn. You can feel Kylo’s hot breath on the back of your neck get even more erratic. The apprentice lifts his head a bit, using the hand at your hip, he swats your ass. You shake in delight, Kylo's hot breathe once again back on your neck. Kylo gives you a feel more spanks then brings the hand back to your hip. You feel the hand he’s using to balance himself on the bed tangle itself back into your hair, yanking your head back. Kylos mouth is immediately on your throat. “Cum for me Y/N” He growls “Scream my name so loud, everyone in the galaxy hears it.” The hand from your hips slips down into your ripped tights and to your clit, he gives it one small pinch. “KYLO!” You scream and claw at his sheets as your orgasm tears through you, not even realizing you were so close. The Knight continues to thrust into you, moaning as your walls clench around his cock. He thrusts into you a few more times before pulling out and cumming on your ass. You both collapse onto his bed, a mess of panting and stickiness. After a few moment you rise up and peel off the destroyed tights and panties from your legs, using them to wipe up Kylo’s cum from your ass. The pure rush of lust you had for the Knight of Ren has completely left your body. The part that was screaming out for him is now gone, dormant in your thoughts. Your longing for Hux returned, hitting you like a duracrete brick. “We should do this again” Kylo smirks, watching your fold down your dress. You give him an absent minded nod, too preoccupied with the knot of guilt forming in the pit of your stomach. You needed to get out of here as fast as you could. Without another word to the Knight you rush out the room, towards the elevator at the end of the hall. Kylo watches you leave, running a hand through his mane of curly black locks. He’ll get you back to him, anyway he could. ************* You immediately crash into the wall of the elevator, sobbing silently. How would you be able to face Hux after that? The smile he gave you this morning flashes in your mind, it was so loving, so caring. The guilt knot in your stomach twists again. There was no way Hux will for give you for that. 'It was only supposed to be a massage' The words ring out in your mind like a TIE Fighter screech. Hux's was only supposed to be a massage to. Hux's was also different. You lean your head back to the wall, remember the night of Hux's massage. It was flirty, cheeky and it all progressed naturally. Maybe Kylo really did want that as well. But he got something else instead. You wanted to vomit and shower off all traces of Kylo, to be back in Hux's arms just like this morning. With a sigh, you wipe the tears as the elevator opens to your designated floor. You bolt past a group of stormtroopers waiting to get on, quickly running to your quarters before more tears could spill out. Notes: ayeee this ended a bit sad haha Up next: Hux's reaction to all this! Spoiler: He's not happy Chapter 7 : My Sweet Summer is Gone Summary: Hux is in a rage spiral Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You sink into the scorching hot water of your bath, resting your head against the back of the tub while you hug your knees. A medley of scents frim the various oils you poured into the water waft around you as you try to rid yourself of Kylo’s scent. It smelled so good in the moment but now it was just a painful reminder. A long sigh leaves you as your reach for a wash cloth and soap. You scrub your body until its glowing red. You hear your door slide open then shut as you were about the undo your hair from its tight knot in the back of your head. You glance over your bare shoulder to see Hux standing in the door way. He gives you a soft smile and walks in, sitting on the side of your tub. “Do you feel better?” He asks gently cupping your cheek. The tears pooling at your eyes answer his question for him. “What happened?’ “Just…just promise to hear me out, before you do anything.” You whisper. Hux nods in return, waiting for you to start. You fold your arms over the tub and lean your head into them. “I…” You look into the General’s eyes, brimming with worry. You feel tears start to spill out yours “I slept with Kylo. He cornered me in the hall yesterday, after I was relieved of duty. He destroyed my station on purpose to free up my time and get me away from you because he wanted a massage like yours. How he found out about it? Well he watch the security footage from your room. He gave me a day to think it over but I couldn’t tell you.” You voice cracks a bit as your eyes dart to the floor, too ashamed to even look at him. “I thought I could just sway him into a regular massage but, I reacted in the moment. I didn’t want this to happen, I sorry. I was terrified of what his reaction would be if I declined the offer.” You start to sob on the side of the tub “God, I’m so sorry” A heavy silence falls between the two of you. Hux says nothing, only rises from the side of the tub. You glance to him, he’s wearing a stone faced expression but, his eyes have a pained expression. You sink back down into the tub silently weeping. ************ Kylo feels a bolt of pain course through his body as his back is slammed into the cold rock wall of the base. He calmly looks down to Hux from under his helmet, the General’s hands twisted into Kylo’s robes as he holds him steady. “Good evening General, I trust everything is going fine” Kylo robotically muses, a smile tugging at his lips under the helmet. Hux’s hands twist tighter around his robes as he takes heavy breathes, as if he was trying to hold back tears. Kylo’s not allowed to see him in a weak state, no Kylo’s only allowed to see the rage. “I’m not sure why you are doing this, I broke nothing today.” The Ren teases while the ginger man icily glares at him. “Shut your fucking mouth! You did break something today Ren, you piece of bantha shit, something that can’t be fixed” Hux shouts at the helmeted man, he pulls him from the wall and slams him back against it, this time harder than the first. Kylo says nothing in response, waiting for Hux to continue. “You spoiled fucking brat! Just because I have to share my ship, my base, my rank and my troops with your infantile ass, does not mean you can just take whatever you want from me!” “Oh, This is about Y/N” the mechanical voice coyly retorts. Hux slams him to the wall again, feeling white hot rage course through him. “Don’t you say her name, you seduced her away from me, I can’t have one fucking thing to myself anymore because of you. God forbid the Prince of Darkness gets left out! Must be one of the many perks of being Snoke’s lap dog.” The General is screaming now. Some troopers patrolling the halls look over but, don’t interrupt, too terrified of what would happen. “I’ve never seen you this unhinged before!” Kylo gleefully taunts, under the helmet. He brings up a hand to take it off, letting it fall to the ground. Hux wastes no time punching the Sith prodigy in the face. The General was stronger than Kylo was anticipating, the force of the blow knocking his head back in to the carved rock. “I hate you so much. The day you die is the day I will truly be happy.” Hux intensely whispers in Kylo’s face and knees him in the stomach. The General lets go of the bane of his existence, letting him crumple to the floor. Kylo rubs the back of his head and coughs up a little blood. Hux was much stronger than he was expecting. “Congrats on winning again Ren. I hope you make her very happy.” The ginger man sneers as he straightens himself out and stalks off from the Knight before he could react. Kylo stands up after a minute, reapplying his helmet. He throws a glance at the Troopers who immediately freeze up before stalking off into the opposite direction of the base’s commander. Notes: Another short chapter :( I've hit a bit of a block so if any of ya'll have any ideas of what should be happen and are willing to share I'd be more than welcome to listen :) Chapter 8 : Wide Awake Summary: Fluffy Hux! Piece of shit Kylo! Lil bit of Mitaka because he's my son! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A week passes since Hux and Kylo’s altercation. Your station is completely fixed to perfect working condition. Grateful that your impromptu vacation is over, you felt at ease back at your old stomping ground. You found relaying messages between the First Order's many bases and Star Destroyers created a nice distraction from Hux, who’s taken only interacting with you for work. Kylo, on the other hand, took Hux’s words of winner to heart. Seeing himself as your boyfriend of sorts. He would mostly just come to your quarters at night for sex then leave that same night. To you this was a miserable life style. Your guilt over Hux was eating you alive, when you weren’t working he dominated your thoughts. You tried your hardest to not let Kylo see that you were imagining the ginger general during one of your nightly flings. It was a futile effort on your part, you were “practically projecting them” as Kylo would bitterly put it after your affairs. You’d hide an eye roll and fake tiredness until he’d leave, darting to your bathroom immediately after to wash the Knight away and some nights touch yourself to the thought of Hux. Mitaka becomes the only other officer you ever talk to anymore, completely trusting him. During a break or lunch you’d unload everything onto him, feeling a massive weight lift from your shoulders until Kylo or Hux would walk by, only to feel like you’re being bogged down once again. The Lieutenant, for the most part, would listen. He’d rarely offer advice from inexperience in such a situation, for that you were grateful. You weren't looking for advice you were looking to vent and Mitaka was the one to vent to. ************************ “I don’t know, I just feel like I’m being used now.” You mumble to Mitaka while clutching a cup of coffee during a break. “He’s not taking advantage of you is he? You’re not being assaulted or ra-“ you hold up a hand to stop the Lieutenant from finishing that word. “I give him my full consent before hand, don’t get me wrong the sex is good but, I just don’t like him. Does that make sense?” You furrow your brows in contemplation. “Yes because you love Hux but, won’t talk to him.” Mitaka says casually as he sips his coffee. “Hux won’t listen to me, I committed high treason with his heart.” You sigh. “Poetic” Mitaka deadpans with a small smirk. “Well you know, that’s what happens when you’re sad” You smirk back and drink a bit of your own coffee, letting the warmth beat through you. *********************** “You’re thinking about him again.” Kylo growls under his breathe “You might as well be screaming it” “I can’t help it.” You mumble, peeling off your uniform and looking over your shoulder at the Knight of Ren. “I miss him.” “Miss him ‘eh? Is that why you’re mine now?” A dark smile casts upon the Ren’s face. You roll your eyes and tug a robe over your half-dressed frame, hiding your undergarments from his prying eyes. “Yours?” You laugh in a bitter, mocking tone. Feeling something in you finally snap after all this time “I regret the day I agreed to your offer. It’s done nothing but, screw me over.” Kylo’s face contorts into a look of disgust “You don’t like me?” You snap around to face him; “You terrify me. You don’t show a hint of care like Hux did and every day you slip more into darkness. You destroy my co-workers equipment, you almost force chocked my closest friend to death and you could care less just as long as you get to fuck me every night. You know why I think about Hux all the time? Because he sees me as a person not a fucking thing he owns! NOT SOME FUCKIGN PRIZE HE CHEATED TO GET! YEAH IT’S ALSO MY FAULT BUT I’M ALLOWED TO FUCKING REGRET IT!” The Knight’s face grows darker as you scream at him. He rises from your bed as you feel your body suddenly unable to move. Kylo stalks over to you a heavy aura surrounding him. You try to walk backwards away from him but, find yourself paralyzed. “Let me go” You growl, struggling to move, he ignores you. The Knight slowly walks around you flicking his eyes up and down your body. “I terrify you? Hmm? You think I see you as an object?” He stops in front of you and leans into your face. “And you regret the night we had” “I regret it with every fiber of my being, and every night after that” You hiss back into his face. “Very well then.” Kylo straightens up with an annoyed sigh. You feel your hold on you let up and you drop to the floor. You were hoping Kylo would leave you alone now but, you were oh so wrong. You feel his hands wrap tightly around your wrists, pulling you up from the floor. “Let go of me!” You shout, trying to tug yourself out of his grip. “No.” He states simply as he tosses you on your bed. He immediately pins you down with his body as you thrash around under him. Kylo ignores you, nibbling along your neck up to your ear. “I’ll give you something to regret” He whispers lowly into your ear. You trash even more under him. “GET OFF OF ME!” You scream as he pins your hands over your head, pushing his hips against yours. You try to kick your legs up as tears pool in your eyes. **************************** Hux struts down the corridor of the officer’s quarters, towards your room. An almost nightly ritual to him since that night in your bathroom. He would walk over to your room and just stand there, with a lot to say but not knowing what to actually tell you. He’d stand awkwardly for a few minutes before heading back towards the lift to the floor with his quarters. Hux wanted to talk to you, to ask where he went wrong, to tell you how he felt. He wanted you in his arms again, softly sleeping. To ravage you with his tongue, hearing your sweet sounds drip from your mouth as he tastes you. The thought of being intimate with you again sends a shiver down his spine. The General wants more, images of you clinging to him, moaning his name fill his mind as well as pictures of you cuddled into him afterwards, saying the cutest things in your after sex pillow talk. God did he want it. But to get it he had to talk to you, try to win you back from Kylo. It shouldn’t be too hard, Hux could see the distress the Ren causes you while you work on the bridge. It made him boil in rage. Kylo had the nerve to take you from him and he didn’t even treat you right! Hux wanted to treat you like a princess- no a queen. He would too, if he had you back. Kylo on the other hand treats you like some common Hosnian whore. Hux growls to himself at the thought. This love thing was new to the General after years of bullying at the academy and the bar minimum of affection from his parents. At first he just thought it was lust but, the way you’d look at him after the night of his massage made him realize it was probably something more. “LET GO OF ME!” Hux hears a scream vibrate out from your room as he nears it, he pauses for a second until another echoes out into the empty hall. He recognizes your voice. The General wastes no time running over to your door and frantically typing in your key code. It slides open causing you and Kylo to whip your heads over to the intruder. “Hux.” You croak out as tears spilled down your cheeks. Oh god, how Hux hated seeing you cry, it made a twinge of pain rocket through his heart. The General’s eyes dart between you and the Knight. Kylo has you pinned to the bed, while you squirm under him, silk robe looking like it’s been pried open. It only takes Hux a second to realize what’s unfolding before him. “Get off her, Ren. Now.” His voice is strict with a hint of violent tendencies. Kylo gives him a smirk in retort, letting go of your wrists as he stands up. “Looks like your General in thick wool came to save you.” Kylo coos darkly as you as he grabs his helmet “Such a pity.” You hug your knees at his words, staring at Hux. He’s currently glaring down the sith prodigy. “Leave my officer alone Ren, or else” Hux warns “Or else what?” Kylo taunts “I’m sure the Supreme Leader would love to hear about his apprentice taking advantage of an officer against her will instead of doing his duty? That would go along nicely with the daily reports of you destroying much needed equipment.” Hux grins as the Knight stiffens. “She was beginning to bore me anyways.” Kylo brushes Hux off and stomps out the room. The door slams to a close behind him. Hux turns to face you, rushing over to your bed immediately. He sits next to you, pulling you into his lap as he leans back into the headboard. You softly sob into his chest. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t want this to happen. I don’t even like Kylo it was a moment of weakness.” You whimper “That doesn’t matter to me as long as you’re okay” The General responds quietly, stroking your bunned hair. You look up to him from his chest. He cups your cheek, wiping away a tear with his thumb. You hold onto the hand that’s cupping your cheek, not want him to let go. You heart starts to beat rapidly as Hux presses his forehead to yours. You feel your other hand snake up to his great coat, gripping at the collar. Your lips are only millimeters apart, both of you waiting for who’ll make the first move. You bump your nose against Hux’s nuzzling it in anticipation. He takes the hint and crashes his lips into yours. It was like a fire spreading through your body. You wrap your arm around Hux’s neck, pull yourself close to him. One of his hands rests at the small of your back while the other grips your waist. You break apart for a second, gulping for air before diving right back in, molding your lips perfectly with his. The General flick his tongue across you bottom lip, asking for access. You flick out your tongue to his bottom lip, sucking it into your mouth. A throaty moan erupts from deep in Hux’s throat. You twist around in his grip until you’re straddling him, slipping both arms around his neck. Your commanding officer grips your waist, pulling you into him. You release his lip and dip your tongue into his mouth. He tasted like coffee and mint with a hint of cigarettes. It was absolutely intoxicating. Hux wasted no time weaving his tongue with yours. Flicking it around your mouth, creating a map for future reference. You rut your hips against his feeling that same hardness from when you gave him his massage. Another delicious moan leaves the General as you repeat the motion. His grip on your hips tightens to steady you and he bucks up his hips. You feel him grin against your lips when a moan escapes you. Goddammit he was good. You both break apart for air again, pressing your foreheads together as you pant quietly. Hux leans in and peppers kisses around your lips and cheeks. You giggle, running a hand through his fox red tresses. “Can you spend the night tonight?” You nervously ask him “Tonight, and everynight.” He smiles down at you. Notes: hahahhahaha SMUT WITH HUX IS COMING I PROMISE! I'm going out of town for like a day (but I've been putting off packing for it hahah) so I might be slow to up date :((( Chapter 9 : Take a Break, Love Summary: That Hux smut I've been promising since day one. Pure sin Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You strut into Hux’s quarters from his bathroom a few nights later. The General looks up from his reports, cocking up an eyebrow at the sight of you. You give him a cheeky grin and a spin, showing off your black lace lingerie with matching thigh high stockings and garter belt. “This is a surprise.” He muses in a husky tone, shifting a bit in his desk chair. “The good kind?” You coyly grin as you sashay over to him at his desk, stiletto heels clacking against the floor. Hux watches you intently as you straddle his lap. He leans back into his chair, hands resting at your hips while you place yours on his chest. A moan bubbles in his throat as you lightly kiss up his neck, he instinctively tilts back his head letting it rest on the top of the chair. “Come lay down with me.” You purr hotly into his ear, sliding your hands down his torso to the very top of his pelvic bone. He feels your hands tug at his belt. “I still have work to do.” The General lightly pants, glasses slightly flogging up. “Can’t it wait until the morning?” You whine as you press your forehead against his “This is work for the morning, I have a meeting darling.” Hux strokes the small of your back as you groan against his mouth. Your hands work the button and fly of his pants down. Green eyes bore into you as you sink down on to your knees, shivering at the feeling of cool metal. Your eyes flicker up to his, watching him try to keep composure as you slowly palm him through his boxers. A guttural moan fills the room making you roll your bottom lip between your teeth. “You’re so hard right now…Are you sure you don’t want to wait until the morning?” You hum with a grin, feeling his cock twitch below your hand. Another moan escapes him. “What will it be, sir?” You purr the last word in a sultry tone as you tightly grip the base of his shaft through his boxers. “I want you up on my lap this instant.” A smirk spreads across your face as you slowly rise from the floor. Hux watches you spin on the toes of your heels, shifting your hair to drape off of one shoulder while you sit down on his lap. You wiggle your ass against his crotch. Your commanding officer stifles a groan as he drops his holopad onto the desk, his reading glasses following suit. You lean back into him, dropping your head onto his shoulder. “I don’t like to be teased.” Hux whispers huskily into your ear. “What are you going to do about it, General?” You tease, rocking your ass back against him in response. A large hand tangles itself in your hair, you feel yourself being lifted and gently slammed into Hux’s desk. A small moan escapes you. “Hands flat on the desk.” The ginger general commands, you oblige immediately, biting back a smile. You peak over your shoulder to watch Hux roll up his sleeves and whip his belt out the loops. His hand is back in your hair, pushing your face into the desk as the feeling of cold leather scratching against the rough lace of your panties causes a shudder to pulsate through you. You feel the belt leave you, legs shaking in anticipation. The General is drawing this out on purpose, taking in great pleasure from watching you desperately squirm and waiting for the perfect moment. “P-please” you squeak out loud enough for your senior officer to hear, resting your cheek against the cool metal of the desk. A grin twists up Hux’s face as he grips onto the belt. With a low ‘swish’ in the air, the belt collides with your right cheek with a loud ‘smack’. You yelp in pleasure, squeezing your eyes shut. Hux watches your legs lock then buckle a little before laying down another swat, this time on your left cheek. Another pleasured yelp leaves you as you feel your panties start to soak up. “I’m not going to stop until you’re begging for my cock, you naughty, naughty girl” The hand in your hair tightens a bit. The General pets your ass with the belt once more before barraging it with smacks. You wither against his desk, yelps slowing morphing into moans as a small amount of drool pools out the corner of your mouth onto the desk top. You feel some of your wetness leak out onto your thighs from your drenched panties. You scrape your hands against the desk for purchase. “Please, fuck me! Please, Hux please, please, please, please!” You beg in a whimper tone “I want to feel you fill me up.” The General smirks once again, laying down once last spank before tossing his belt aside. You feel his large finger loop themselves on the waistband of your panties, slowly pulling them from your ass and down your legs until they are pooling at your ankles. “Spread those legs for me darling” He commands in a soft, velvety tone. You oblige, stepping out from the lacy undergarment, the panties fall to the floor. You pop your ass up once your legs are far enough apart for the commander of the Starkiller Base. Your backside glows a dark pink before Hux with imprints from the lace of the panties where the belt hit them. He detangles the hand from your hair, dragging it along your back. You breathe shakily. The General slides down his pants down his thighs a bit along with his own underwear. He hisses that the feeling of the cooler air from the room hitting his cock. He curls his own body over yours, mouth hovering right over your ear. “Ready Y/N?” Hux purrs lowly as he ruts his cock between your two cheeks, lifting up from your body a bit “Yyyeeesss” You moan, lifting your head a bit and tilting it back. Your superior officer grips his length, squeezing the base a tad. He runs the head of it along your folds until its hits your hole. His hand leaves him, gripping your waist instead while he wraps his other arm around your torso protectively. You feel yourself being pulling into Hux as close as possibly as he sinks into you, using the desk for leverage. The mewl you make is music to the General’s ears. You wrap an arm up around his neck, tangling your hands with the short, ginger locks against the back of his head. Your other hand grips the desk edge. Hux presses his forehead against yours, pulling back just a bit before slamming right back into you. The starting pace is slow deep. Hux takes his time, drawing out each thrust so he can savor ever sound, touch, taste and feel of you. It doesn’t matter how rough foreplay with you got, he would always start out tender to relish in every moment. You moan softly, knocking your hips back into his when he is completely immersed in you. The Ginger General’s lips find yours, hungrily attaching them together. He starts to speed up his thrusting as he eats up every moan you emit. You part for air every now and then only to reattach your mouth to his immediately after. Your tongues intertwine together as your hips lightly bang into his desk with each thrust. Hux ramps up the speed once again as his arm around your torso moves up your chest, hand squeezing one of your breasts through the thin lace of the bra. You take you hand from the desk and bring it to your clit. You press the small nerve bundle under the pad of your middle finger, rubbing it in a circle. Your commander breaks his mouth away from yours, dropping his head to your neck and nuzzling in the crook of it. His thrust get shallower, he sucks against the flesh of your neck to mark you as his. Your eyes flutter shut at the multiple sensations coursing through you. A moan passes through his lips as he feels your walls clench around him tighter. “Cum for me darling,” Hux mouths along your neck “I can feel you getting closer.” You can only pant in response, pinching your clit. The Generals hand kneads into your breasts more, making sure to purposefully scratch the lace against your nipples. “HUUUUUX” You scream, throwing your head back against his shoulder as your orgasm shocks through you. His thrusting becomes erratic as he fucks you through your release. You push your hips back into his further. “Cum in me, General.” You whimper out in your post orgasm high “My General.” Hux cums seconds after you say that, burying himself into you as his seed drenches your inner walls. He collapses back into his chair, pulling you with him. You both sit there for a while, happily plastered against each other in sweaty bliss during your post sex high. The only sounds in the room is the soft hum of the heater kicking on and the mixed panting from two lovers. You make the first move, pulling away from him. You almost fall to the floor as you stand, not even realizing that your legs were wobbly. Hux catches you, picking you up like a bride. “Shower or bed?’ He hums softly as you curl into him, a smile playing at his lips. “Bed.” You yawn, the need of sleep washing over you. The General swiftly carries you across the room to the bed. He gently sets you down against the plush mattress in the very spot you first gave him his massage. He makes quick work of the rest of your lingerie set, pulling off the heels, snapping the bra and garter belt off and peeling off the stockings. “Would you like something to sleep in?” You shake your head in response. Hux pulls the comforter over you, watching you fight to keep your eyes open. “I have one more report to read then I promise I’ll be here to cuddle you, darling.” The General watches you nod against the pillows, eyes sliding shut. He plants a soft kiss against your forehead before walking back over to his desk. Notes: I'M SO SORRY FOR THE WAIT! I had a mini vacation to Disneyland then right after it was work, writers block for this fic and the semester started (@_@) I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, it's probably going to be the last for The Massage. Any after will most likely just be smut with Hux and this *reader insert* with nothing to do with the story. There will most defiantly be more sexy Hux goodness (plus other sexy goodness with other TFA characters) in my other fics in the future ^u^ Feedback and ideas are ALWAYS appreciated bc ya'll come up with such great things and are so nice :') I love you guys Notes: I'm think of continuing this one. Send your thoughts!