Poe Dameron/Reader - Waking Up (General Rating) The base was chaos incarnate. You didn’t know if the noise ever stopped. Outside the base in the flight deck, ships were leaving and landing every minute. The sound of blaring engines from the X-Wings and the shouted orders of the General’s pilots were commonplace. Inside was just as hectic. There was a continuous stream of moving people as you all moved throughout the base. There was your quarters after that. You had your own, as did Poe, but you were in talks with the General about giving yours to someone else. You didn’t need them now that you had been sharing Poe’s. You practically lived there now. Most of your clothes and trinkets collected on foreign flights had made their way into Poe’s room alongside his own. This was the only place in the base that was quiet. You woke before the alarm, reaching over Poe’s sleeping frame to turn it off so it didn’t wake him up. When you settled back onto the bed, Poe reached an arm out and brought you closer to his body. The man was a furnace – a fact about him you learned for the first time when on Hoth when you both were marooned and took shelter in an ice cave. The General and her men eventually showed up, but you had spent a day and night engulfed in Poe’s arms and both admitted the feeling you felt for each other. Thinking back on the two years since the marooning, you let Poe rest his head into your neck. You chuckled, but wrapped your own arms around him and let him sleep in for a few more minutes. Everyone around the base knew Poe as a jokester, someone who could pull a mood back up by a ridiculous pun or a joke. He wore a smile all the time while he walked around the base. In your shared quarters, he still wore it as he slept. It was faint, barely tugging at the corners of his lips, but you thanked Light every day that you were the only one to see him like this. His walls were down. He would never admit it to Snap or Jess, but he had walls. It took a lot to get through them, but they would crumble, and you would be the one to see that too. You weren’t stupid. You were told from Finn about what happened on the Starkiller, and how it was that Finn had come to being in the base. The boy was welcomed with open arms by you. Anyone who helped Poe would be in your good books, despite what they had been before. Gently as you could, you brushed a strand of curly hair away from his face. His brow creased slightly and you shushed him. Outside the base was slowly coming back to life from a silent night. There were footsteps of pilots striding up the hallway just outside. Eventually shouted orders would follow them and disturb the lazy peace that had settled in the room. You should be getting up soon anyway to start training in the new recruits. Poe’s arms tightened around you. You brushed fingers through is hair and placed a kiss on his forehead. “Tell them to stop moving around,” Poe muttered into your neck. You giggled and tugged at the strands of his hair. “I would, but that would require me leaving this bed,” you muttered, kissed his forehead again and muttered against his skin, “that would require me leaving you.” Poe buried his head into the pillow. “Don’t you dare.” “I wouldn’t.” “Good,” he replied. Poe slowly opened his eyes. The room was still dark, as you didn’t bother turning on the overhead lights. You weren’t getting up to get dressed, and were quite happy to stay for a few more minutes with your boyfriend in bed. You sat up slightly with his arms falling from your body. Without his heat you shivered slightly, and you heard the soft chuckle Poe gave. “The General will be annoyed that her best pilot isn’t out on the flight arena already.” “She has her second best on her way,” Poe smirked at you. You hit him with a pillow and stood up start pulling on your flight-suit. His eyes were on you as you wandered through the bedroom and went to your shared wardrobe. Poe eventually flung himself out of bed. It took longer to get dressed than usual, especially when two arms kept encasing your waist. You leaned back into his chest and pressed a kiss to his jaw. “We do need to leave this room eventually,” you stated. Poe kissed behind your ear. The noise outside was steadily growing louder. Eventually you giggled at the distinct chirps of BB-8. “I’m coming buddy,” Poe yelled out to the droid. The chirps continued and you knew the droid wouldn’t’ leave until Poe was walking by his side. You untangled yourself from Poe’s embrace and went back into the bedroom to gather your necklace. It usually never left your neck, but you took it off last night to clean it. A small purple gem from Yavin, surrounded by a silver metal cage. It belonged to Poe’s mother, given to her by her husband Kes. Poe had given it to you a few weeks after surviving Hoth. You tied it around your neck and hid it underneath the collar of your flight-suit. The door to your quarters opened and BB-8 rolled in. “I told you I was coming!” you heard Poe shout from the next room. You stifled a laugh, grabbed your helmet. The feeling of the necklace looped around your neck grounded you whenever you wondered about how it was that Poe Dameron had been the one to fall in love with you. When you emerged from the bedroom, he wore that smile again and tugged the last latch of his flight-suit on. The both of you walked out of your quarters together as you had done for the past year. His hand found yours and gave it a squeeze. You both eventually parted when you arrived at the hangar, both heading towards your own squadrons. “Good luck with training, love,” you said, giving Poe a quick kiss before letting him join a group of fresh-faced recruits. “I’m the best pilot in the damn galaxy, I don’t need luck.” You rolled your eyes at him and watched him go. You brought your hand to the collar of your flight-suit where the gem of the necklace rested against your skin. You thanked the Light for bringing him home. You thanked the Light for life being good for him since everything went wrong. Your hand tightened around the fabric on your collar. You thanked the Light for letting you be the one to call him yours. Chapter 2 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Hoth (General Rating) Summary: A lovely Anon's request on my tumblr for what happened to Poe and the Reader on Hoth! Enjoy xx Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “One of these days, Dameron, I will kill you.” Over the roar of wind and the battering of snow against you and Poe, you don’t think the man had even heard you. Good. You’d be able to surprise him with his murder. Just a few steps ahead of you, Poe staggers through the thick snow clutching onto his hood and shielding his eyes from the onslaught of the elements. Hoth was quickly becoming your least favourite planet in all of the systems. Every so often he turned around to make sure you were still there. Mostly because during the mission brief with General Organa, Poe had made it clear that you were too skinny and would be blown away by the rough winds Hoth was infamous for. You understood now what he meant. You were bent forward, fighting your way to get footing in the snow, and trying your best not to be knocked about by the changing wind directions. Hoth was barren. Since being forced to land in the middle of nowhere, you and Poe and had been walking for what seemed like hours, coming across nothing but stretches of open land. You stumbled every so often. Poe’s head would whip around and he would stagger over to you. There was no point trying to talk to each other over the howling of the wind, so he only gave you a thumbs up which you copied back. When the wind got too bad, you made the decision to grab onto Poe’s arm. You both arranged yourselves and support for the other person as you continued to trek through the thick snow. Getting a chance to look up against the snow, you saw a small bump on the horizon. You nudged Poe and nodded towards the bump. Hoth was barren, of course, but it had the occasional cavern dug into its ground. It was a result from the wars that happened on the planet thirty years ago. The soldiers there had dug into the planet’s surface in an attempt to survive and bear through the cold. Maybe it was one of them. You and Poe soldiered through the snow storm, staggering occasionally but pulling the other back up. With the more distance you gained on the bump, you recognised it as a cave entrance. There was a mound of packed snow and ice on one side, sloping slightly against the storm’s wind and offering enough protection from the storm directly to be safe in. When you both reached it, Poe let go of your arm. He held up his hand as an order to stay put, and he wandered to the cave’s entrance. You looked over your shoulder at the surrounding area and saw miles of nothing. You tugged your thick layered jacket around yourself and willed the cold away. It was slowly starting to eat away at you. Poe reappeared a few minutes later and waved for you to come inside. The interior of the cave was large, spanning back a few metres, but it’s ceiling was a bit low. You and Poe weren’t tall people, so you both could stand up straight without having to bend slightly. Away from the roaring winds, you could hear again. “Well that wasn’t expected,” Poe said far too happily. You stared over to him with the blankest face you could muster. That smile that was famous around the base was plastered over his face and you couldn’t help but eventually laugh. “Did you at least put out a signal that we’re marooned?” Poe nodded. He was starting to unbuckle the first few straps of his thick, fur lined jacket. “Before I got out of the cockpit, yeah, I did.” Thank the Light. You watched him take off his jacket and you tilted your head. “What are you doing?” “Preserving heat,” Poe answered before pulling off the next jacket he had underneath that. He had put the first on the ground, far enough from the cave’s mouth so that no wind or snow could get at it. “There’s no point in wearing this many layers inside someplace warm.” You gawked at him. “ This is warm?!” “It’s better than being out in that.” He gestured to the storm outside, which sounded like it was getting worse as the winds shook some of the stones and ice overhead. You tense at the noise. Storms were never okay for you. There was something about the power nature had that just freaked you out and made you uneasy. Slowly you unbuckled the ties of your jacket and tossed them onto the pile that Poe made. He was starting to pile them in a way that was the furthest away from the cavern mouth, propped up against the wall. He sat down with his back to the wall and started to arrange them. From what you could see he still had his light tan-coloured shirt on, so you decided to do the same with your black one. Poe tilted his head to the space beside him. “Get in,” he propped up some of the jackets. “Poe Dameron, was this all an elaborate ruse to get me to cuddle with you?” You walked over to the space Poe had left for you. You noticed how colour had settled on his cheeks, but his smile only grew. “You got me,” he joked, “I planned to maroon us here so we could have some alone time away from the base.” You huffed a laugh as you got settled beneath the jackets. It was still freezing and your body was wracked with shivers. Eventually you pulled your knees up to your chest and wrapped your arms around them to try to stay warm. Poe tried to make conversation with you. It was a nice distraction from the cold – you talked about everything from where you were born to why did you join Organa. Most of your answers mirrored his: you both came from families that had served Leia previously and decided to take up the mantle. Poe told you stories of Yavin and his parents, disclosing to you that they had died years ago and he had lived with his grandparents. You knew all of this of course, from gossip with the other pilots, but you didn’t let on. After what seemed to be an hour, the outside world had slowly begun to get darker and colder. You started shivering more and more, until silently Poe had wrapped an arm around you and pulled you to his side. “Wrap your arms around me,” he told you. His voice was gentle, not like the one he had whenever you spoke beforehand. You looked up to his eyes and for the first time, you noticed how dark they actually were. Dark, but warm. You do as he said and leaned against his body while wrapping your arms around his middle. He was very warm. The shivers that went through your body eventually went away as you both kept each other warm. “Tell me something about yourself,” you heard Poe say after a minute of silence after you had settled down into the new positions. You mulled the question through in your mind before saying, “I wasn’t meant to be a pilot.” He raised an eyebrow. “I was trained to be a medic, like my father,” you explained, “but…I don’t know. My brother was a pilot, and he thought me how to fly when we lived on Naboo. I preferred that to patching up people.” Poe hummed. “It’s still a good profession – better than flying.” You made a face at him. “Don’t say that, you’re the galaxy’s best pilot. That’s such a traitorous thing to say!” Poe laughed but kept his eyes on you. “I’m serious though. The medics on the base are amazing people. I can’t remember how many pilots I’ve sent to them over the last few years. I’ve graced their wards enough times myself, and they still treat me as if it was the first.” “You’re the General’s best pilot,” you said softly, resting your head on Poe’s shoulder to get more heat, “The Resistance can’t lose you.” “They can’t lose you either,” Poe replied, “the second greatest pilot in the galaxy.” “If I wasn’t using you as a furnace right now, I’d hit you.” “I love you too.” Silence fell between you and Poe. You looked up at him to see that his eyes had drifted shut and his head rested against the top of yours. “I love you, Poe Dameron.” You closed your eyes to get some sleep. Before you drifted off, Poe shuffled, wrapping his arms tighter around you and pulling you closer to him. “I know. I meant it.” It’s quite when you wake up. When you open your eyes you can see just outside the cave. Everything is settled with the sun starting to shine onto the bright white snow. What you didn’t expect was that it was warm. Last night had been so desperately cold that you thought you would never stopped shivering. As the world slowly came into focus, your eyes shot open when you realised you were half-on Poe’s body with his arms around you. Poe was still asleep, his chest rising and falling evenly. Snoring softly, you watched him for a moment. His eyes twitched slightly. “Morning,” you said softly, easing off of him slightly. What you didn’t expect for his arms to bring you back onto him. You stay silent for a while, unable to make a quip about the closeness you are both experiencing. A thought goes through your mind that you don’t want to make fun of it. Poe and you had your jokes and quips about each other, often fighting like an old married couple Solo once said, but this you didn’t want to. Perhaps it would end if you suddenly said how silly it was. “I can hear the cogs in your head turning,” Poe mumbled, “what is it?” “Nothing,” you said quickly, burrowing back underneath the nest you had made for yourselves. Poe Dameron was a furnace, you learned. The soft and steady drum of his heart had lulled you to sleep even through the harsh winds of the storm last night. His arm rubs at the top of your back, moving over to your shoulder. Looking at him, his brow is creased in thought. “Do you remember anything from last night?” “It was freezing,” you answered him. With your head buried into his shoulder, it came out more of a muffled sound, but you think he understood what you meant. Poe paused. “I meant the other thing.” You swallowed. The words he said to you haven’t left your mind throughout the night. Something must have driven it to say it – the prospect of dying on this planet before the General sent a squadron to retrieve you, or it was the hypothermia that was slowly crawling through your body despite the warmth. “I meant it.” He repeated the words from last night. Your heart almost stopped when he spoke. “No you don’t.” Poe looked down at you. “What do you mean?” “You don’t love me,” you responded tightly, “it’s bad luck to love me.” “What happened to your family wasn’t your fault-” “-I’m cursed Poe,” you said looking up at him. You paused for a moment as you looked into his eyes. His frown had deepened, but his eyes were soft. You shook your head. “You don’t love me.” “I do,” Poe repeated, “and that’s not going to change any time soon.” Silence settled in the cave. Although the storm was long gone, you both didn’t risk heading outside. Hoth was continuously cold, and freak storms were normal. You didn’t want to get caught in one again. You closed your eyes. The General would know that you and Poe’s mission went to hell. Either from the distress signal sent out or the fact that you two weren’t back yet, she would be deploying pilots to search for you. Your eyes shot open when you felt warm lips press to your temple. Turning your head, Poe stayed there, close to your face as you looked into his eyes. Two sides of your brain were at war with each other. Voices in your head were yelling at you to lean forward and kiss the boy. Others were reminding you of the lost loves of your past. Poe waited for you. “I love you too, Dameron,” you whispered and pressed your lips to his. His arms pulled you to rest against him as you ran your fingers through his hair. Pulling away slightly, you kept your lips against his. “Promise me to not be like the others.” Poe rubbed his nose against yours. “Please stay alive.” A hand cupped your cheek and his thumb ran over the flesh there. “I promise,” he whispered and kissed you again, pulling him on top of him. When you were found, you were mildly surprised to find the General there with the pilots. Your cheeks flushed when she gave you a knowing look when she stumbled across you two in the cavern. Tangled in each other, you both scrambled to your feet and pulled on your fur jackets for the trek outside. Poe brushed passed the General with a muttered thank you. Outside the cave you could hear one of the other pilots – Snap – begin to laugh and mention that Poe looked redder than usual. As you tied the belt around the last of your jackets, you strode towards the General. She pulled you into a tight embrace. “I thought I lost you both,” she muttered. You squeezed back. “I’m difficult to get rid of,” you smiled. The General took your arm in hers and you both walked out of the cavern. Each of the pilots were by their own X-Wings, already stifling their laughter when you shot them a glare. Most of them you knew form the hangar, and considered them friends, but you weren’t in the mood. The General’s arm on yours tightened as you both stepped into a transport ship, large enough for the transport of a large number of soldiers, but used by the General to get around in. You both took a seat in the back of the ship, and your head hit the fabric of the headrest when you felt the ship start its ascent into the sky. On the other side of the ship’s main deck was Poe. He sat on one of the chairs that lines the sides of the ship, being checked over by a medic. The General’s arm was still linked in yours. You didn’t expect her to be letting go of you any time soon. She had genuine fear and relief in her eyes when she found you. She put her hand on yours. It was warm against your cold skin, and she clasped your hand in both of hers to get some heat into it. You kept watching Poe. He was smiling vaguely and joking with the medic who was checking him over. Every so often, he looked over to you and gave you a ghost of a smile before looking to the General and dropping his gaze. “My two best pilots have finally come to their senses,” the General said lowly. Your eyes widened at her and she laughed. With a nod of her head towards Poe and gave your hand a squeeze. “Look after each other.” You returned her smile. “I promise.” Notes: Fun Fact: The Reader's fear of storms that was briefly mentioned is one of my own. I don't trust nature. I HATE strong winds. I live in Ireland, and we've had 4 months of heavy rain and really strong winds, to the point where the winds were so bad I didn't leave my apartment to go to college. I missed out on a class, but I'm not challenging the gods Prompts/Ideas any of you lovelies might have may be dropped into the comments of this fic or to my tumblr! http://yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com/ Chapter 3 : Kylo Ren/Reader - Mara (General Rating) Summary: Kylo Ren and the Reader welcome their daughter into the world. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Of course she would decide to come screaming into the world while her father was away. You lay back on the biobed gathering your breath. You hair was sticking to your forehead and you didn’t even have the strength to brush it away. In the corner of the room are an army of midwives and medics, all surrounding a screaming baby girl that fought tooth and nail to get into this world. She had started to quiet down now that the head medic had ordered everyone in the room to be quite. Coming into a world full of noise was going to make it worse for your daughter. Eventually one of the midwives, a curvy woman with dark skin and warm eyes, placed a wrapped bundle in your arms and wished you luck. No one on the base, or in the First Order, ever smiled or said anything warm to another person, but you thanked her nonetheless. The woman had been your personal nurse and midwife since you found out that you were pregnant. She deserved much better than what the First Order was putting her through. You would have a word with Kylo about her later; maybe get her a promotion or a house in a faraway planet, set her up for the rest of her life. Just outside the ward you heard rushed footsteps echo through the hall. Kylo pushed through the ward’s main double doors and scanned his eyes over the room until he found yours. His helmet was tucked under his arm, and you could see how his eyes softened. “Out, all of you,” he ordered to the room. You frowned. “No, you all can stay.” Kylo stood by your side. “These people helped bring your daughter into the world,” you told him quietly, with a hint of fire behind your words. “There are still things needed to be checked, and I can’t do that alone.” Your husband only gave a curt nod. He spared the other side of the room one quick glance before taking your free hand in his. The bundle in your arms squirmed and you look down. She was starting to quiet down now, only giving slight whimpers and whines at being in a new environment. Kylo looked at her too with eyes you’ve never seen on him before. You had stood beside him during speeches, during meetings with Snoke and Hux. Throughout all of them his eyes had been dark and harsh. With you, in the privacy of your quarters, the darkness isn’t there. You don’t pretend to ignore the struggles he deals with – you’ve dealt with his outbursts, often being the only one to brave entering a room that he’s destroyed. You gave his hand a squeeze. “What do you think?” “She’s perfect,” he replied softly. The medics to the side of the ward don’t pay you or Kylo any attention. You knew that they were listening, but didn’t dare say anything about Kylo’s newfound good mood. The baby in your arms squirmed her arms out of the blanket wrapped around her. You smiled when she waved them – so uncoordinated and reaching for nothing in particular. Her whimpers got steadily louder. “Come and meet her,” you said softly. Ren’s eyes grew wide. “She’s your daughter, Ren.” He shuffled towards your bedside. He looked at you as you hold out the bundle in your arms. Your daughter gave a cry at being shuffled around, but you tried to hand her over to Ren as gently as you could. When in Ren’s arms, she went silent, only giving slight whimpers. You could have laughed at Ren’s face. He was looking down at the baby in his arms with such wonder and confusion. “We made this,” he said quietly. Your hand rested against his arm as he brought your daughter closer to his chest. The medics slowly slide out of the room. Your head nurse came to your bedside again to give you a once over check. You smiled at her and thanked her for the help. She needed a raise after bringing your daughter into the world. It took everything out of you as you started to slip off to sleep. The girl in your husband’s arms would be a fight, you thought. She fought her way into this world, through problems brought about by labour and birth that exhausted you. She wailed and screamed when she had arrived, letting everyone know what a set of lungs she hand. You had no doubt that she would have a same reign over those on this ship. “She needs a name,” you said, your eyes fluttering closed as you drifted off to sleep. You heard Ren hum. You open your eyes again, not wanting to give up the scene in front of you – your husband’s walls as lowered as they can be outside of your quarters, holding your daughter in his arms. “Mara,” you heard Ren say softly. He looked up to you. “We can call her Mara.” Truthfully, you hadn’t discussed names for your child. You didn’t even know if she was going to be a girl or not. The time never allowed for it, until of course your head nurse had you go on mandatory maternity leave. Sleep was slowly tugging you down, though. “Mara it is,” you smiled. You closed your eyes again, smiling faintly when you felt Ren shift in his chair beside you and pressed his lips to your forehead. Even through sleep, you felt Ren stay beside you, occasionally shifting out of the way of midwives and nurses without a word. You heard him hush and soothe your daughter when she started to cry again. It would take a while for you to get back to work beside Ren. You doubted that he wouldn’t be the same either now that your daughter was in the world. He had changed slightly when you had told him that you were pregnant, making sure you had an escort of Troopers at all time. It was a pain to be followed around at every waking moment, but you understood what Ren was trying to do. He just wanted you safe. On the First Order flagship, you were never really safe. No one was. But with Ren’s presence being enough to scare anyone half to death, you kept him as a close contact. You could fight for yourself, of course. You had overheard Hux say that your marriage was dangerous for everyone around you. It was true, in a way. Ren’s hand went to yours and you felt him squeeze it. Mara Ren would be a force to be reckoned with. Notes: I beta my own work, so any typos or mistakes are my own, so apologies! Chapter 4 : Poe/Reader - Helpless (General Rating) Summary: Inspired by "Helpless" from Lin-Manuel Miranda's Hamilton. I love this musical so much that this was bound to happen. Listen to it immediately if you don't know it. Not the song. The entire musical. Even if you have already heard it, listen to it again. The Reader is at one of the famous Resistance's parties after the destruction of a First Order base. There you meet Poe Dameron for the first time - with some help from General Organa and Han Solo of course. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The General held a celebration after every victory. You hadn’t been at the base for a long time, but you knew what Leia Organa was like. To boost the morale of the soldiers she held gatherings ranging from dinners to parties to dances. After the destruction of a First order base on a neighbouring planet, the General threw together a gathering on the landing strip of the base. Wood had been gathered to light a huge bonfire that pilots, medics, soldiers and everyone in between danced and laughed around, and you watched them from the side. You stayed near the main base, looking over your shoulder to see groups of people filing out of their shift to start partying, or noticing men and women escaping back inside with wide grins on their faces. One of your friends had snagged a mechanic you knew in the main hangar, and gave her a raised eyebrow as they drunkenly stumbled passed you. The General wandered around the landing strip, talking idly to anyone she passed. Han wasn’t far behind, keeping a hand held in hers. Eventually the General’s eyes flickered over to you. Standing by yourself off to the side, you kind of stood out, but she knew you weren’t one to draw attention to yourself especially by dancing around a large bonfire. You smiled warmly at her when she strode over to you, waving away Han. “I’ll be right here if you need me,” she told him with a smile. Han kissed her cheek before disappearing into the main base, shouting something that sounded like a bet offer to a group of pilots. The General looked out onto the landing strip. “Has anyone caught your eye?” You snort. “No, why? Do you have an eligible suitor for me?” “There are some lovely men on this base,” she told you, “and some lovely women.” You couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled out of you. The General smiled brightly knowing that she made you laugh. She often said that it was her job to make sure you didn’t look so glum all of the time. You always argued back that it wasn’t your style to make a fool of yourself with or without the aid of the alcohol Han always seemed to find. The pilots were the rowdiest. They always were, regardless of how much alcohol was in their blood. In the hangar, they were the loudest. Sometimes you could still hear their boisterous laughter over the hums of X-Wing engines. Leia made conversation with you. She was always so kind and warm. You mostly spoke about how you found working on the base. You were happy for the first time in quite a while after escaping the First Order more times than you could count. Escape plans ranged from getting out of a market place on Lothal to slipping out of an undercover mission on Naboo. She bumped your shoulder with hers. “Seriously, any one catching your eye?” You rolled your eyes and shoved her back. “No, General.” “Leia, dear. When in situations like this, you may as well use my first name.” You still didn’t use her name. The General was like a mother to you, before she was anything else like a General to an army you fought for. You never called her mother, or anything of that sort, but she still knew the effect she had on you. The celebration droned on throughout the night with the flames of the bonfire starting to flicker lazily to the night sky. Over the flickering embers, you catch the eyes of a pilot. You’ve seen him around in the hangar, often leading the others to make as much noise as they do. He’s surrounded by the other pilots, all leaning against of the hull of his X-Wing that’s out on the landing strip. You’re too far away to hear the conversation he’s having with the others, and quite frankly, you don’t have enough wine in your system to even wander in their direction. Leia looked over to you and followed your gaze silently to the pilot. A ghost of a smile tugged at her lips. Han eventually joined you both to the side of the celebration. Leia leaned up to whisper something you couldn’t hear into Han’s ear. They both shared a coy look and chuckled. Without a word Han stepped away from you both and wandered towards the pilot and the people around him. “What’s he doing?” you asked the General. Her smile was bright and mischievous. She merely looked to you, and then back to Han. The pilot hugged Han when he wandered over and joined the pilots’ conversation easily. You watched them both with a held breath, losing it completely when Han pointed a finger your way. The pilot met your eyes and you planted your feet to the ground in an attempt not to bolt inside. Han clasped a hand onto the pilot’s shoulder and gave him a coy smile. The General laughs to your side. “I hate the both of you,” you whispered under your breath, straightening up when the pilot leaves the others and started heading towards you. You continued to swear under you breath as the General walked away leaving you alone. The pilot smiled brightly as he took her place. “Hi,” he held out his hand. You shook it and smiled back. “I’ve seen you around but I don’t know your name.” You introduced yourself, somehow managing not to stumble over your own name and feeling slightly proud of yourself. The pilot introduced himself as Poe Dameron and you wanted to kick yourself. Of course it’s Poe Dameron. You hadn’t been able to place him but he did look familiar. “You fly with the Red and Blue squadrons,” you asked. Poe nodded and gestured over to the group of pilots. Some of them were watching you both and you brushed a hand through your hair. A nervous tick you always had. Poe looked over to you. “You’re a pilot,” he said, “but you don’t fly with me?” You shook your head. “Different squadrons.” Poe nodded again and huffed a laugh. “It should be changed. I’d like to see you fly.” You could play this game to. You noticed the darkness that settled behind his eyes, but still stayed warm. “Well, I am the best pilot Organa has.” Poe raised an eyebrow. “Second best,” he clarified. “The best’s position is already taken by yours truly.” “I’ll challenge you for it.” “That position will be pried from my cold dead hands.” You both laughed. Poe was leaning slightly against you and you welcomed the warmth that came from his body. Even with the fire in the middle of the landing strip, the night was pretty cold for this time of year. Some people had gone back inside for jackets, others stayed inside where the heaters would be turned on to full. You wanted to stay out here with Poe for as long as you could. The night droned on as you two talked about anything that came to mind. Your home planets, family, why you joined the Resistance, how to properly do a dive from lightspeed – which you were right about whatever it was that Dameron had to say. The sun was starting to peer over the hills turning the sky a deep red. Poe gave a muffled yawn from beside you and you had to stop yourself from doing the same. You rarely stayed up during the night, but time had sped passed since getting to know Poe and his squadron. Some passed you only to head back inside for sleep. Even though meeting them briefly, they seemed nice. Each of them gave you and Poe a coy smile before disappearing back inside. Poe yawned again. “Light,” he cursed, rubbing at his eyes, “no way could that have been a night.” You shrugged a shoulder. “What can I say? I’m such amazing company time just flew passed.” The pilot laughed and looked up to you. He’s eyes crinkled whenever he laughed, you noticed. He looked away from you briefly before clearing his throat. “Um, I don’t really know how to say this but,” he started, “but, Han came over to me last night, but you already know that because you saw. Um.” You laughed. “Please stop before you hurt yourself,” you joked. Poe smiled again and you swore to the Light you wouldn’t get enough of it. He ran a hand through his hair and blew out a breath. “I really like you. I know it’s stupid, we only know each other for a night, but I want to get to know you more. I don’t know what I want to say but-” “-Are you inviting me for a date, Mr Dameron?” Poe rubbed the back of his neck and shrugged. “Yeah,” he said, his eyes growing slightly wider, “only if you want to, that is. I mean, if you don’t that’s fine! I’ll forget about it, I just-” “-I’d love to Poe,” you smiled. The base slowly started to come back to life with supply ships starting to come into the harbour. Poe cleared his throat and nodded. “Good,” he said, “I mean, I look forward to it. I don’t have any free time for a while, but we can work out a date later.” “Get some sleep Dameron,” a voice comes from behind you both. You see the General standing in the main hallway of the base that leads out into the main landing strip. Her arms are crossed but her face is soft as she nods her head inside. “I’ve never seen you fumble over words like that unless you’re bone-tired. Go to sleep.” Poe thanked the General and stepped away from you. He paused for a second, and came back to catch your hand in his. He pressed a small kiss to your knuckles before he walked passed the General and into the base towards the pilots’ quarters. You felt heat settle in your cheeks and you smiled widely. The General mirrored your expression as she strode over to you. “You’re welcome,” she said continuing to walk passed you and onto the landing strip to overlook the shipments. You would really have to thank the General. Notes: "...You look back at me and suddenly I'm helpless..." I may, or may not, have matched Star Wars characters with MULTIPLE songs from Hamilton. This is just one of the many that may or may not exist... (they exist (they're ruining my life)). Btw Leia will continue to be mentioned as being as she is in my writing because 1) I love her 2) I love Carrie Fisher 3) She's my Queen. Chapter 5 : Kylo Ren/Reader - Fire (General/Teenage Rating) Summary: This one is strange! Two lovely anons have their ideas combined because, I was already writing this until both ideas popped up in my ask box. The Reader tries to settle an angry Kylo Ren after he learns that the droid and pilot escaped. Declarations are in order. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You stalk down the dark corridors of the ship, tapping your fingers against your palm. You’d kill General Hux for this. You’d kill most of the ship for this. You’ve dealt with Ren before. There were whispers around the ship that you were the only one that could deliver bad news to him and leave the room in one piece. What they didn’t know was that Ren wouldn’t even think about laying a hand on you. You didn’t need to worry about Ren’s powers either. If he wouldn’t think about using his body on you, he certainly wouldn’t let the Force touch you. Out on the main deck, Kylo was surveying a passing planetary system. His helmet was off and nowhere in sight. Your steps onto the deck echoed as you approached him. “General Hux was asking for you,” you said as you slid up beside him watching the stars float by. Kylo gave a hum under his breath. “One of these days I’m going to shove him through the airlock.” That got a snort. “We need him,” Kylo said lowly. They didn’t really. He was just a more suitable face to have to have at the forefront of the First Order. He was cold and calculating and got whatever needed to be done, done. Still, you doubt that anyone would mind if he was to suddenly find himself on Hoth without any means of surviving. You look over to Kylo. He’s still watching the stars and planets and everything in between. You reach for his hand and link your fingers in his. “We were talking about you in the meeting,” you told him, pressing closer to him, “Hux says your starting to lose yourself to the Light.” Kylo’s grip on your fingers tightened slightly. It was why you put them there. He wouldn’t hurt you, and this way, nothing in the surrounding area would be destroyed by the lightsaber that’s hooked to his side. You reach up and run your free hand through his hair. “I don’t care what he says, you know that. I’d rather take orders from a Wookie than him. But I need you to understand something.” Kylo’s eyes flickered across to yours. “No matter what it is that is going on in your head,” you pressed, “let me in there too. I want to help you Ren.” “You can’t.” “I want to at least try.” The deck’s door opened to reveal Captain Phasma. She took a few measured strides into the bridge and drew to attention before the two of you. “Sir, one of our soldiers has gone rogue.” Well fuck . You send Phasma a glare. Even through the helmet, you see her stiffen slightly. Kylo turns to face the captain, still holding your hand. “What do you mean, rogue ?” The captain was silent. You brushed your fingers through Ren’s hair again, leaning up to whisper into his ear that you can talk in private and to excuse the captain. You had too much power on him. He dismissed the captain with a wave of his hand and turns back to you once the deck’s door has slid shut. “Did you know?” “It was only reported to me this morning.” “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” “I didn’t know where you were, Ren!” You hissed. Kylo’s face was unreadable. That was when he was deadly. “It’s one soldier, Ren. One. He escaped with that prisoner you picked up. They were shot down and landed on Jakku.” Kylo’s eyes went dark. “My prisoner is gone?” “They’re dead, Ren,” you insisted. “I sent my own pilots down to the surface and they didn’t find anything but a crash site.” It isn’t enough to convince him. Without a word he lets go of your hand and walks away from you. “If it where anyone else, I would have you killed.” “That’s why Hux sent me,” you said following after him with careful steps. The atmosphere on the deck had changed with the air growing tense. You watched Kylo’s hands twitch and start tapping out a rhythm against each other – the way you had thought him after a particularly bad fit of rage. The first time you dealt with Ren’s rage, it did not go well. You were both at a meeting with Hux and Phasma, and it ended up a duel between the two of you as Hux and Phasma practically ran out of the room. Yelling back at him never worked. You tried everything from What did work, you found out accidently, was pressing your lips to his after a particularly bad argument. You had enough of it – the yelling, the distance he put between you and him, and eventually you just snapped. You marched over to his side of the room and kissed him. You remember how his body went rigid against yours for a second, and at that moment, you were afraid. It was an unspoken agreement between you two that you would never actually hurt the other person, no matter how bad your rage became. But Ren was unpredictable. When he couldn’t lay a hand on you, he retreated to either a meditation room to will away the anger, or to a vacant room to destroy everything inside. You felt like that now. Uncertain. He paced and stalked around the deck’s floor, tapping out a rhythm with his fingers like you had thought him to do months ago. Making sure he could see you approaching him. He spooked easily when he was like this, and you didn’t want to make the situation worse. You reached for his hand and gave it a small squeeze. You could see his shoulders slump slightly, some of the tension already leaving his body. “I’ll find the droid for you,” you promised him as you drew yourself closer to him. You other hand went to run through his hair. You brushed it back from his face and pressed a kiss to his cheek. Ren’s eyes screwed shut. He was struggling again. “It’s alright,” you said softly. To the other side of the deck you saw a pair of Stormtroopers walk in. You send them away with a stern glare before Ren can kick them out himself. Just as quickly as they had marched onto the deck, they spun on their heels and left. His eyes slowly flickered open again. They were unreadable, but you could see the struggle that was happening behind them. You hugged him tightly leaning up on your toes to press your nose into his neck. “Let go,” you muttered. His breathing was starting to even out again, not being as erratic as it always was during those moments. You waited for his arms to wrap around you. Slowly they found their way to your back, bringing you closer to him. Kylo’s brushed his lips against your forehead. “The General sent you to calm me down?” “Please don’t talk about Hux when we’re being close,” you muttered. Kylo huffed a laugh and pulled away to look at you. Your hand was still in his hair, gently massaging whatever you could reach. His own hands cupped either side of your face and brought you in for a kiss. You pulled away slightly. “I love you.” Ren looked back at you. “What?” Taking his am in yours you led him off of the main deck of the ship and down the dark hallways. Ren kept asking you what you meant by love, but you didn’t respond. A ghost of a smile was on your lips when you opened the door to Ren’s quarters. It was away from the others, perched on a higher deck from the rest, far away from the other troops and Hux. “I love you,” you repeated, turning around to face him. In the confined of his quarters, he could let go. Maintaining the persona he had on the ship in front of so many people drained him. His eyes were still searching yours and he frowned. You were well aware that he might not understand you. To become what he was, he had to give up everything. You never asked about his parents, but you knew nonetheless. You let go of his hand to rest yours against his chest. He was warm, and you could feel his heartbeat steadily rising. “You don’t have to love me back,” you say softly, “I know what it’ll do to you if you try to admit that to me. I just wanted you to know.” You wandered further into his quarters and started to untie the buckles and laces that wrapped around your frame. You had taken to sleeping in his quarters, something that only happened in the last few weeks. Your own quarters were still yours, just not used, and you refused to let the General take them from you to use for something else. Your cloak and dress were tossed onto the back of a chair, and your boots were left on the ground. Looking over your shoulder, Ren still stood at the door watching you blankly. You slid into bed and settled down for the night. Normally Ren would go to his meditation room and sort out his mind before following you to sleep, but even with your back turned to him, you still felt his presence there. He slowly walked towards the bed, pulling off his own cloak. He sat on his side for a while. You turned around and looked at his back. He had his head buried in his hands. “I don’t expect you to love me back,” you repeated. You were tempted to rub his back and soothe his enough to lure him under the sheets and make sure he slept. He had been through enough. Ren turned to look at you over his shoulder. His eyes were red with unshed tears. “I do love you,” he said lowly. He turned around to face you, cupping your cheek with one hand. “It’s the only thing in my mind that I’m certain of.” Notes: Other ideas are in the works now. I'll be heading back to my college work placement tomorrow, so it could affect uploads. Emphasis on the word "could". It may or may not, but until I get back to work I won't be able to know. Continue to send in your ideas though to either the comment section or my tumblr ask-box! Also, I'm so thankful for the support that these ramblings are getting. They're just that - ramblings and ideas that I think of whenever my mind starts to drift off (usually off something I need to get down (like writing your actual book Sarah, oh my god)), but I honestly can't thank all of you enough for even reading it, let alone leaving comments and kudos. Thank you dearies so much <3 Chapter 6 : Poe/Reader - Stay Alive (General Rating) Summary: A lovely Anon asked for an injured Poe. I also got one for an injured Reader, but I was already through this one. I will probably write the latter eventually, but I'm trying to turn out as many of these as I can :) Poe is injured and the Reader rushes to his bedside to make sure he stays alive. Again, heavily influenced by a Hamilton song. Stay Alive (the reprise), Jesus, it broke me. You ran through the hallways of the base, weaving through whoever was in your way as you stumbled frantically towards the hospital wing. As you rounded the corner a pair of arms grabbed you. You didn’t have to look at the person holding you to know it was Han. “Let me go,” you struggled to say through the lump in your throat, “I need to see him.” Han pulled you back into his chest and his arms anchored around you. “Calm down first,” he told you. His words were harsh, but there was the usual softness behind them. You tried to. There were too many instances with Han where he had held you tightly and forced you to breathe slowly with him. “Running in there like a crazy woman wouldn’t help,” he told you when you started to suck in deep breaths through your nose and out of your mouth. When he was sure you weren’t going to collapse, he slowly let you go but kept a light touch on your arm. It was the only thing grounding you to the earth. “I-Is he-” “He’s alive, dear,” Han told you, leaning down slightly so he could look you in the eyes. “Alive, but hurt pretty bad.” A sob escaped your throat. You didn’t know what to expect when you got to the medical wing, but all that you managed to pick up from hushed whispers from grounded pilots was that Poe’s ship had crashed. Your heart had stopped right there. “C-Can I see him?” You looked over your shoulder to the closed main doors of the hospital wing. Through two narrow windows you could see some medics and nurses inside tending to other patients. Han sighed. “He’s in surgery right now,” he said lowly. Han pulled you into a tight hug, and you buried your face into his chest, letting sobs escape you. He’s alive. You wanted to thank the Light for bringing him back to you, but you still didn’t know what was happening beyond the doors of Medical. Han rubbed your back and hushed you. Everything else that was happening on the base – the movement of people passed you, the chatter among themselves, the sounds from the medical wing itself – they all floated away as you tried to calm down. Eventually you pulled away. Han’s arms were still around you. “Come on,” he said, looping an arm around your shoulders and using the other to hold one of yours to keep you upright. “We’ll take a walk around the base.” “But-” “-He’ll be in there for a while dear,” he insisted already heading for the main hallway leading out onto the landing strip. “It won’t do much good just standing there.” When Poe was out of surgery and on a bed of his own in the ward, you were let in. The General was already there standing by his bedside, muttering silently to herself. She didn’t pray that often, but she did whenever you were sick as a child and needed an extra push to get better. She was doing the same for her best pilot. Your breath caught in your throat when you saw him stretched out on the bed. An arm was over his stomach, attached to machines and IVs making sure he stayed alive. His face was cut and bruised to mostly one side, with a noticeable cut across his eyebrow and lip. You were thankful for the constant and steady rise and fall of his chest. He was alive. The General looked up to you when you approached. She offered you a slight smile and took her leave. She placed a hand on your shoulder before she left. “He’ll be okay,” she promised you. Once she disappeared behind the medical’s doors, you let yourself stumble to Poe’s side. The tears returned, stinging your eyes as you tried to hold them back. “You idiot,” you cursed under your breath, with no form of anger behind your words. You caught his free hand, one not attached to any machines, and held it in yours. “You idiot . Flying alone in a First Order run airspace. What kind of idiot does that?” Poe’s eyes were shut, but his hand squeezed around yours. You sucked in a breath. “You can hear me, can’t you?” Another squeeze – it was faint and barely there. But his hands weren’t cold or lifeless, they held a warmth to them. “Don’t ever leave me alone in this world, you prick,” you told him, pressing a kiss to his hand. You laid your head down on the bed, looking up towards him. You pillowed your head on your own arm and kept his hand in yours. Occasionally you would run your thumb over his knuckles and softly hummed a song his mother used to sing to him. “Did you call me an idiot?” Your head shot up. Poe’s eyes were open and looking down at you, a soft smile tugging at the corner of his lips. Even with his face marred by cuts and bruises, you could still make out the familiar smile he always wore. “You are an idiot,” you said, pressing another kiss to his hand. “You’re my idiot.” He laughed breathlessly. “That’s the cheesiest thing you’ve ever said.” “I’ve said cheesier.” Poe shuffled on the bed, wincing at a shot of pain that must have run up through his body. You helped adjust him on the bed, leaning him forward slightly to place a pillow behind his head and then helping him back. You pressed a kiss to an unmarked area of skin on his forehead. “I thought I lost you.” “Why?” “Snap said your ship was destroyed – crashed. He said that you died.” Poe frowned. “I’ll kill him.” “Please don’t, he didn’t know.” “He made you worry.” You paused. “I almost died on the way here,” you told him, running your hand through his hair, “I thought my legs would fall off, or at least, my heart would stop and break.” “Love-” “-All I needed to hear was that your ship crashed. I was so worried I’m pretty sure I threw C-3P0 out of my way trying to get here.” Poe watched you carefully before sighing. “I’m alright.” “You’re alive.” He nodded. “Stay that way, please?” You asked, folding your arms around your chest. “Stay alive for me?” Poe reached a hand out to hold onto yours. He gave you another smile before nodding. “I wouldn’t leave this world without you.” Chapter 7 : Poe/Reader - Pride (General Rating) Summary: The Reader tells Poe that you're pregnant. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey was the first to know. You thought it was because she was another woman. You didn’t know much about the Force, but you did know that the link shared between those of the Jedi were nothing compared to the link women shared. You were aware of her eyes when you stepped into hangar. Your flight-suit was already on, and you wore a smile as you passed some of the pilots. They all greeted you with the usual cheering good morning as they all made their way to their own x-wings. Poe was nowhere in sight. Good. Your stomach was already churning from vomiting earlier. Getting out of the room quietly without Poe waking up was difficult to begin with. You didn’t need him seeing you in your shared bathroom heaving over the toilet. Rey walked over to you when you reached your X-Wing. “You’re cheerful,” you told her when you saw her sporting a wide smile that overtook most of her face. The smile you saw more often since she returned to the base with Skywalker. The boys had begun calling it a ray of sunshine. Rey thought it was adorable, and you still smile remembering how proud Finn had looked when he thought of it. Rey leaned against the nose of the jet. “So are you.” “Excuse you, I’m always cheerful.” Rey gave you an once-over look from the top of your head to your feet. You started to make sure the mechanics hadn’t been too vigorous with the repairs to your jet, before taking the first step up into the cockpit. “Does Poe know?” You looked down to Rey. “I don’t know what you’re taking about.” Rey pulled a face. “Don’t do that,” you told her, swinging inside your jet and settling into the cockpit. Rey stepped away from the X-Wing and folded her arms in front of herself. She still wore that bright smile. “Stop smiling,” you said as you reached to pull down the canopy. “It’s creepy.” After doing laps of the base, you started to fly out into the lush green forests of the planet. A few pilots followed you, weaving through the high trees that were dotted around the forest. Anyone else would have thought they were training, and in a sense, they were. You knew that Poe had sent out an unspoken order that you were to be kept on radar at all cost. You pulled at the controls and started the slow climb higher into the air, leaving the forests below you. If he knew you were pregnant, he’d go mad with protectiveness. Why you had so many thoughts about not telling him yet, you didn’t know. You also weren’t stupid. You’d have to tell him sooner than later. Closing your eyes and taking a deep breath, you pulled at the controls again, flipping the X-Wing back and starting to dive towards the ground. If Poe were here, it would be a race. He would have killed his jet’s engine in order to plummet faster, only turning it on when the clouds parted and the green land below you came into view. You open your eyes and pull up your X-Wing just in time to skim the tops of tall trees. Over the comm you hear one of the pilots asking about your well-being. You hum a yes into the comm and shut it off for a few minutes. The other pilots stay away from you, but follow you nonetheless and you dive and swerve between cliff-faces and hill peaks that jut out into the airspace. Eventually you glide out of the maze of obstacles and flew straight into open air. The other pilots fell into formation behind you as you flew back to the base. There were some merchant and supply ships were entering the hangar, and you swerved to the East hangar to avoid being caught up in the rush. The East wing was exclusively for the General’s pilots, where they could land without having to deal with being stopped by security. After landing and shutting of your X-Wing’s engines, you stayed in the silent cockpit of the jet mulling through your thoughts. Your stomach was starting to churn again and you put your hand there. “You’re making life difficult for me already and it hasn’t even been a month,” you muttered under your breath. Out in the hangar, more pilots were returning. Poe’s X-Wing landed to the other side of the hangar, followed by a gathering of newer fighter jets that you knew to be from the newer recruits. Poe hopped out of his X-Wing with a bright smile on his face. Some of the new cadets walked over to him and he was more than happy to talk with them. The visor covering the cockpit of your jet wasn’t tinted, and eventually Poe would recognise your ship being at the other side of the hangar. He did look over to your X-Wing, frowning slightly when he spotted you still inside. Screw it. You swung out of your X-Wing and hopped onto the ground of the hangar. A few mechanics now fluttered over to you and you let them do their job without a comment. It was something mandatory that had to be done to the jets every time they returned to the hangar, whether or not they were on a mission. Poe waved off his new recruits and strode over to you. “Look at you, making new friends,” you chided him as he stood beside you. “Any of them catch your eye?” “No,” he smiled and pecked a kiss onto your cheek, “I only have eyes for you.” A mechanic looks over his shoulder at the two of you and you can’t help but giggle. Poe takes your arm in his and he leads you from the hangar and into the main base. It’s a collection of winding corridors and rooms, with the soldier’s quarters to the back. You both end up near the mess hall, letting other soldiers and pilots file past you as you drag Poe down another hallway. At the end was a large living area that was for the pilots to use for downtime. No one was inside. “I’m hungry,” Poe complained, trying to lead you back to the mess hall where dinner was being served. You pull back against him and eventually fell down onto one of the couches. Poe’s arm went around your shoulders. “Are you okay?” he asked suddenly, “I never known you to skip dinner.” “We’re not skipping dinner,” you replied leaning into his body, “I just need to talk to you for a second.” Poe stiffened. You gave him a small smile and took his hand in yours. “It’s nothing bad, love, don’t worry.” You had made sure the doors were locked with a code only you both knew so that you wouldn’t be disturbed. You could still hear people walking around outside back and forth through the hallway. In hindsight, you probably would have dragged Poe away to your own quarters where it was totally private. Your quarters were too far away, and you’d have you have to pass more people than you wanted to see that day. With his hand in yours, you drew your finger over the lines on his palm trying to piece together your words. For all the quips and fun you had with Poe, dealing with your own feelings was never really your thing. You let people in to an extent, and while you never fully told Poe everything about you, he was in deeper than most people on the base. “I’ve been sick for the last few weeks,” you started. Poe nodded – he had witnessed you bolting from bed enough times during the morning to know that something could have been wrong. He had tried to push you into the medical wing. While you did eventually go, what they told you wasn’t what you expected. “Did you go to Medical? Are you sick? Is there something wrong?” Poe asked all in one breath. You shook your head and brushed some hair behind your ear. Just say it , your mind told you. “I’m pregnant Poe.” There was a terrifying second where nothing was said. Poe watched you with an unreadable expression and his mouth hung open. Say something you prick , you told him in your mind. “You’re…” he said quietly. Watching him with a held breath you tightened the hold you had on his hand. He swallowed and a large smile slowly broke. “You’re pregnant,” he breathed out. He leaned forward and caught your lips in a kiss. You wrapped your arms around his neck as he fell on top of you. He pulled away, laughing. “When did you find out?” “A few weeks ago,” you confessed. When he frowned slightly, you pressed a chaste kiss against his lips and ran a hand through his hair. “I was waiting for the right time to tell you. That was perhaps the most terrifying thing I’ve ever done.” “You flew into a First Order base alone.” “That’s different,” you explain. Poe is smiling widely and you hit him lightly on his shoulder. He pulled you up from the couch and wraps his arms around you. You gladly leaned into his side, resting your head on his shoulder. “We’re having a kid, Poe.” He huffed a laugh. “Yeah we are.” Notes: I am working on specifically a one-shot revolving around Kylo+his kid, and Poe+his kid based on the song "Dear Theodosia" from Hamilton because my God... Chapter 8 : Rey/Reader - Petals Summary: The Reader shows Rey flowers and greenery. For a lovely Anon on my tumblr :) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Finn told you about Rey never seeing green before, your heart broke. D’Qar was nothing but green. When you flew around the grasslands and forests beyond the base, you could see the whole range of flora that grew on the planet. Species of plants from other planets had made their way onto D’Qar from Bafforr trees to several species of algae that marooned itself on the banks of rivers and streams. Poe trailed behind you as you wandered through the pathway that swerved through the forest floor. “Why exactly are we out here?” he complained for what seemed to be the hundredth time. You rolled your eyes. “We’re looking for flowers.” “I know that,” he replied, “ why are we looking for flowers.” You stopped in the middle of the trail. Beneath an upturned root of a tree there were four bright petal flowers peeking out. They were deep purple with blue veins running through their petals. You eyed them carefully. You don’t recall any of these types of flowers to be harmful, so you went about digging out their roots. Poe sighed again. He muttered under his breath about damn flowers before crossing his arms. “Why am I here?” “Because you’re my friend,” you explained, digging out the last of the flowers. You gathered them into a bunch and twisted a root around the others so that they held together. Walking over to him, you smiled at Poe. “I brought you also for protection.” “You’re saying I would fight off whatever came to attack you?” You snorted. “No,” you strode past him, “I’d toss you in front of whatever was trying to attack me and run for my life.” You laughed at the audible gawk Poe gave and started to run up the path as he chased you through the forest floor. Rey had taken to shadowing the mechanics of the hangar. Within a few days, she could take apart and repair a X-Wing’s engine in a matter of an hour. When you looked into the hangar, you weren’t surprised to find her hanging over the wing of a jet, picking apart scraps of damaged metal from underneath the wing. “If Luke saw what you were doing,” you said as you walked over to the jet. Rey’s head whipped up and a few strands of her hair clung to her face. She gave you a wide smile – the one you couldn’t help but mirror. “You disappeared,” she said as she climbed down from the wing and hopped onto the ground. Your arms were behind you back, and Rey noticed. Her eyes narrowed as she took a step back. “Poe didn’t convince you to join in on our game, did he?” The General had spoken to the pilots about their games. Specifically, you still giggled at the sight of the General, a good head shorter than Poe and two less than Snap, warning them with a pointed finger about firing rifles in the hangar. You pulled out the flowers and handed them to her. You never tired of seeing the light dance behind her eyes whenever she found something new. You both had wandered through the forests in your own free time. You had shown her as much as you could without going too far away from the base and getting lost. She hadn’t seen these kinds of flowers before. Rey touched their petals with her finger, following the vein along its surface. Her smile grew bigger. “They’re beautiful,” she looked up to you, “do they have a name?” You shook your head. “I don’t know, probably not. A lot of the plants on D’Qar come from somewhere else.” Rey looked down to the flowers in her hands. “They’re so colourful,” she traced her finger over the flower’s veins again. In the dim lighting of the hangar, the colours weren’t that bright as they had been outside. She laughed to herself and looked up to you with bright eyes. Without a word Rey slung an arm around your shoulders and kissed you. Your arms went to her waist and pulled her closer to you. When she pulled away, you were still pressed close together, smiling broadly. When you woke up the next morning in Rey’s room, you looked over her shoulder to the vase of flowers blooming on the girl’s desk. Notes: Keep those requests coming! They're all so wonderful and make me squeal a bit on the inside! (This made me flail because oh my god, giving Rey flowers is just perfect (well done to whoever dropped me that!)) (It was nice writing something, well, nice and not heartbreaking or slightly angsty) Chapter 9 : Leia & Reader - Past Lives Summary: Leia tells the Reader all about Kylo Ren. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The times you know the General the best is when she would pour the both of you a drink. The General’s quarters are larger than everyone else’s, but it’s not extravagant. You sit in the living space on one of the grey couches watching her pick through a number of rums from different planets. Each of them, you know for a fact, was stolen by Han at some point during his travels. He says they’ve been bought, but you seriously doubt it. The feeling in the room is different. The feeling in the entire base is different. You heard the murmurs of people – pilots, soldiers, medics, even the kitchen staff – but you didn’t believe it. Not until the General requested your presence in her own quarters, alone, and in the dead of night. Han is out on another savaging mission, going to an old wreckage to collect parts for ships that the mechanics requested. The General had been alone for the day, so it didn’t take much for you to come striding down the hallway to her room when she called for you. She pours out a glass of Lothalian rum – very strong stuff, you note – and she looks over her shoulder to you. The bottle in her hand shakes, asking you if you want some, and you shake your head. “I’m flying tomorrow at dawn.” She sighs. “No you’re not.” Pouring out another glass for you, she turns on her heels and walks to the couch. “I’m grounding you tomorrow.” Your eyebrows draw together in confusion. “I need you here with me,” she explains, taking a sip of the drink. When she sits beside you on the couch, you can see how worn out she is. Even under the dim lighting of the room, you see the shadows that fall onto her face. You nod. “Do you need help?” “Yes I do, little dove.” She swallows another gulp of the rum and places her glass down on the table. She gestures to your glass and you shake your head again. You never had a good history with any form of alcohol that came out of Lothal. There’s a silence that settles in the room. It’s heavy. “Why did you ask for me?” you ask carefully. The General’s a strong woman, stronger than anyone you’ve ever seen, but she looks so helpless right now. The General draws in a deep breath. “Han told me that he saw Ben.” The words settle among the heaviness in the room and linger there. You sit back against the chair and run your hand through your hair. Ben. Images of the young boy with a smiling face and messy black hair flood your mind. “Ben’s alive?” The General shakes her head. “According to Han, no. This Kylo Ren is in his place.” You heard of that name. “Poe told me that he was captured by Kylo Ren; beaten and tortured for our location and that of BB-8,” she continues, “he told me everything about Kylo Ren, about what he was doing. And now to think that that was my son.” You reach out and place your hand on her shoulder. She doesn’t cry. She doesn’t pick up her glass and throw it across the room. She sits there silently, staring at the blank wall in front of you. “Leia,” you say softly. Her name is foreign to say – you’d call her General or Organa, but her name, while she begged you to use it in her company, felt right to use now. Ben was a few months older than you. Han and Leia raised you as their own after your parents left and never came back. Your father was a fellow scavenger like Han, who he had done business with several years before you were born, and was always a contact to have. When they left, you became a part of the Solo-Organa family. It was like you always belonged there. Ben treated you like a sister. You two were always in trouble, even though it would be your fault most of the time and you had dragged Ben by the hand into it. He was a sweet boy. When he left to go train with Luke, you cried. The two of you had hugged and stayed locked together until the last call for Luke’s training camp was called out in the hangar. Even then, Leia and Luke had to pry you away from each other. “I can bring him back,” you say. Leia looks over her shoulder to you. There are unshed tears in her eyes. You lean forward on the couch. “I’ll find Ben.” Leia sighs heavily, tiredly, and drops her forehead to your shoulder. “You’re so strong, dove,” you hear her mumble, “stronger than I’ll ever be.” One of your hands comes up to the top of her back, rubbing circles into it. It’s strange – usually your positions would be switched. Leia’s arms were always open when you came running. Han’s too, but he would have a blaster in one hand ready to kill whoever it was that hurt you in the first place. You think about Han. Is that why he left on a mission? He tends to hope into that ship and fly far away to think. Truthfully, you do the same thing. Leia sighs out a heavy breath again before sitting up. She runs her fingers under her eyes, wiping away the tears there. “Right,” she stands up from the couch. You watch her walk around the table and through the room, eventually disappearing into the bedroom. Slowly you get to your feet. Ben is still alive and out there, your mind tells you. You close your eyes when the world starts to spin. Bring him home. For them. Notes: I was planning on making this quite heavy, but a voice in my head said "Sarah...tone it down, please" so this was the result. Keep those ideas coming in!! Chapter 10 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Pigeon (General Rating) Summary: Requested by an Anon on Tumblr! A fic where the Reader watches Poe become the Best Damn Dad in the Galaxy Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Caleb was born, you had the base’s medical team at your disposal. Being so close to the General, you weren’t surprised to find out you had an army of midwives, nurses and doctors waiting for you in the hospital wing when you went into labour. Labour was long and you hated every single minute of it. Poe, although had been on a mission, was allowed to come home and stayed with you for all of it. You still maintained the fact that his hand is broken from where you held onto it like a vice. Caleb Kes Dameron was perfect. He cried at night and always wanted to be in someone’s arms, but he was perfect. He was a tiny thing with Poe’s dark hair and eyes and olive skin. Caleb had your personality – shy and reserved for the first few weeks of his life, then he found his lungs. The General was a huge help. She had already made herself grandmother to Caleb the second his first cries rung out in the hospital wing. It didn’t surprise you at all. You had always been a daughter to her, and since marrying Poe, she had started treating him like a son-in-law. Caleb certainly didn’t mind the doting that came from his grandmother. When he was starting to walk by himself – clutching the folds of your jacket to keep his balance – he always ran forward into the General’s command room and run into her arms. Leia never admonished it, no matter how important the meeting she was in was. She always greeted Caleb with open arms and a thousand cheek-kisses. Poe was an excellent father. He had grounded himself for the first few weeks of Caleb’s life, only taking missions if they were absolutely necessary, and only if he was certain he could return in the same day he left. You both learned about how to raise a child, along with Leia’s help whenever you didn’t know what to do. Poe never took his eyes off of Caleb. You had walked out onto the hangar too many times to see Caleb on someone’s shoulders – usually Poe’s or Snap’s – pretending to fly around the hangar’s floor. Poe adored Caleb. Sometimes you woke during the night to calm Caleb’s cries only to find the baby in Poe’s arms being rocked gently back to sleep. You always hung around to watch them both – Poe often sang lullabies his mother sung to him when he lived on Yavin. You didn’t understand the words but they were beautiful and enough for Caleb’s cries to soften into whimpers, and eventually back to sleep. You weren’t surprised when Caleb’s first word was Papa. That morning you had the boy, then one and a half, balanced on your hip as you walked around the base. You looked down Caleb who pointed his closed fist in Poe’s direction when you stepped out onto the hangar. “What did you say, pigeon?” Caleb’s smile was like his father’s – bright and contagious. He shook his fist in Poe’s direction again and squealed, “Papa!” Even over the noise of the hangar, Poe’s head whipped around to look towards you. A bright smile broke out on his face and he laughed. “Yes, pigeon, that’s Papa,” you told Caleb who gave a toothy grin. You walked over to Poe who gladly held out his arms to take Caleb from you. “Papa,” the boy said again over the closed fist in his mouth. Poe’s eyes were bright as he smiled down your son. Poe’s other arm went around your waist as he pulled you in for a kiss. “He’s been talking about you all morning,” you told him. “You’re his first word.” Poe told everyone of course. He practically held out his child to anyone who would listen and let Caleb rattle off the word Papa until people left. There was the attempt to get Caleb to say Mama, but you didn’t mind. You let Poe have this little victory as you saw how happy it made him. Every time Poe went on a mission, Caleb would be distraught. You took him out onto the landing strip where the X-Wings were lined up. Most pilots that had family on the base stood by them, promising that they would return. You had been one of them with Poe for two years before Caleb was born. Now it just makes everything ten times worse. “Papa, no,” Caleb whined into Poe’s neck. He had vice-like arms that once clung onto something, it was difficult to let go. You stood to Poe’s side watching your son tighten his grip on his father. The last call for pilots rang out through the landing strip and they started to file away from their families. “I’ll be back before you know it, buddy,” Poe said. He rubbed circles into Caleb’s back and swayed with the boy trying to calm him down. Poe looked over to you and gave you a sad smile. You were sued to him leaving. He always came back one way or another, sometimes in one piece and other times not. But he always came back. You reached for Caleb and pried him away. The soft whines he gave out at being removed from his father’s embrace broke your heart inside, but the pilots’ last call was being announced. In your arms Caleb buried his head into your neck His cheeks are wet with tears and you start to rock him. Poe leaned forward and pressed a kiss on your forehead with a promise to be back within the week. “Hush sweetheart,” you said to Caleb. One of his arms was around your neck while the other reached for Poe. He held onto your child’s hand, pressing a kiss to his knuckles and left for his jet. “He’ll be home soon.” After a week of silence from both Poe’s comm and the General, his X-Wing landed on the landing strip alongside his squadrons. Caleb walked with you outside, alongside some of the other families that welcomed their pilots home too. You saw Jess run into Rey’s arms and hold onto her like her life depended on it. Their relationship was a new one, with Poe being the one to inform you about it. Rey and Jessika were good girls, you knew, and they were happy together. As you neared Poe’s X-Wing, you saw him conversing with Snap. Within seconds, Caleb’s hand left yours and your child bolted towards his father with his curls bouncing with his steps. Poe turned around and hoisted Caleb up into the air. When you joined them, Snap had hugged you tightly and went to see his own family. Caleb’s arms were tight around Poe’s neck. “See, buddy? I promised you, didn’t I?” Poe laughed. Caleb nodded. “Papa home, Mama,” he said to you. Poe’s eyes widened slightly as he looked to you. “He learned Mama while you were gone.” Poe’s eyes changed slightly. You took his free hand in yours and pressed yourself to his side. “It’s not important,” you tried to convince him. Poe was there for Caleb’s birth, his first (failed) steps, his first word, the first time he smiled, cried, yelled and laughed. That was enough. Poe kissed your forehead and you both started heading towards the base with arms wrapped around each other. When Caleb was asleep, you and Poe laid together in bed, idly thinking and conversing about anything and everything. Your head was resting against his shoulder, your nose rubbing against his neck, as you breathed in his scent. It was spices, jet fuel and everything you would expect from him. Your eyes drifted closed while he ran fingers up and down your spine, softly singing to you. Your own hand slid up his shirt to his chest, softly drawing patterns over his chest. Every so often you fingers skimmed over the bump of a scar and you had to pause. There were times where he was almost taken away from you, but he always came home. Sometimes it was on a medical stretcher, already half-dead, but he always pulled through somehow. You had joked with the General that Poe wasn’t human at all. Eventually Caleb joined you both on the bed. With a soft stuffed Wookie toy in his hand and his blanket in the other, both gifts provided for him by Finn for his birthday, Poe hoisted him up onto the bed and let the boy nestle between the two of you. Silence settled between you and Poe again before Caleb looked up to you. “Mama better?” he frowned. You carded your fingers through his mop of black curls and nodded. Poe was watching you with a raised eyebrow. “I’m better now, pigeon,” you told Caleb before he nestled back between you two and he was knocked out. “Are you sick?” Poe asked, propping himself up on one elbow to watch you. A slow smile spread on you. “I’m pregnant.” Poe’s eyes widened and his mouth fell open. “What? How long have you known?” “Before you left,” you admitted, “I was unwell and decided to have it checked out.” Poe laughed quietly, looking down to Caleb who was snoring softly. “So he knows?” You shook your head. “He saw me deal with morning sickness when you were gone. I just told him I ate something weird.” “He’s not going to be happy having a little brother or sister.” You shrugged a shoulder. You ran your hand through your hair, pulling it back from you face and smiled at Poe. “I’d love to have a little girl.” Poe hummed and leaned closer to you. The room was too warm, but you didn’t care. It was the kind of warmth that made your eyelids heavy as you listened to nothing but Poe’s heartbeat. Resting your head on Poe’s shoulder, you were careful not to jostle the sleeping Caleb in between you. His hand was holding onto Poe’s shirt, and the other held his toy and blanket close to him. “A little girl would be wonderful,” Poe responded as you both got settled on the bed. You hummed. “I even got a name for her.” Poe raised an eyebrow. “Already? I think I should have some say in the naming of my own daughter, if the child is going to be a girl.” You smiled up at him. “I was going to propose Shara .” You watched Poe’s expression fall into something neutral. You ran your fingers through his hair and massaged his scalp. “We don’t have to name her that, if you don’t want. It can be her middle name instead, like we did with your father and Caleb.” Poe remained silent. You sighed through your nose. “Wouldn’t you like to teach Little Shara how to fly an X-Wing?” “I would love nothing more,” he breathed as he leaned in to kiss you deeply. You sighed into it and your hand at the back of his head kept him there. Eventually Caleb stirred and you broke away with a breathed I love you . “Papa,” Caleb muttered as he looked up at you both, “Fly tomorrow?” Poe smiled and nodded. “Of course we can pigeon. You need to go to sleep though, I want you up bright an early, soldier.” Caleb nodded and quickly fell back to sleep. You weren’t far behind – you nestled into Poe’s neck and your eyelids grew heavy. “Goodnight love,” you heard Poe mutter to you, softly rubbing your lower back. You hummed a reply and slipped into a heavy sleep. Notes: Kes is Poe's father's name, and Shara was Poe's mother who was also a pilot (thus me needing to put in the line like Hey Poe, your mother thought you to fly, you should teach Little Shara). I just wanted to use his name as Caleb's middle name because I'm a sucker for happy family relationships. (This will be mentioned again when I finish "Dear Theodosia" but with Kylo's Mara and Poe's Caleb (One line in the song is "My father wasn't around" and I wept)) Also, I wrote most of this on my phone, and the amount of times it attempted to change Poe to Pie wasn't even funny. Chapter 11 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Telling the General (General Rating) Summary: Poe and the Reader tell Organa that you're pregnant (turns out she knows more than she lets on). Notes: This is a Poe/Reader story prior Caleb's birth. Not many/none of these drabbles are really connected in order, but because I have no imagination whatsoever, I will be repeating names just because. You and Poe weren’t easily frightened. Everyone who knew you two around the base knew that for a fact. You and Poe were always the first to fly into battle, being the first to dive headfirst into the main fight where all of the explosions and fire was. You did both agree that the one person you both feared was the General. Leia was more of a mother figure to you than your actual mother. Poe told you once he felt the same way after the death of his parents. You still called her General, even when you talked in private about anything and everything that would bother you. She was the first to know about you and Poe. You never forgot the day Poe wrapped his arms around you after returning from destroying the Starkiller. You saw her out of the corner of your eye with the biggest smile on her face. A mother’s smile. Poe was shifting his weight from one foot to another, squeezing your hand every so often. It was more to ground himself rather than you, you knew. Poe was a natural born worrier, despite what anyone on the base claimed. “It’ll be fine,” you assured him. He looked over to you and gave you a warm smile. “You’re acting like we’ll end up in front of a firing squad.” Poe laughed. “I’m sorry.” The door to the General’s room slid open. Poe’s hand tightened around yours. The General stood at the doorway and waved you both in. “What did you two do now?” she asks as you both stepped into her quarters. “Nothing,” you answer. Poe’s hand is still locked with yours. You spare him a look before turning back to the General. “We wanted you to know something.” Organa shifted her gaze between you, Poe, your joined hands and then back to you. “If it’s that you’re pregnant, I already know.” Poe had a bewildered look on his face. You smiled, feeling heat rise to your cheeks. The General pulled you into a hug. When she parted from you, she hugged Poe too. You saw her whisper something into his ear and pulled away from the hug with a pat on Poe’s shoulder. When the General returned to her duties, overseeing a patrol of pilots that were circling D’Qar, Poe took your hand and walked with you through the base. You leaned against him as you walked. “Did she threaten you?” you smiled. Poe nodded. “Oh yes.” You laughed. Leia was a mother through and through. “Was it to never hurt me?” Poe nodded again. “I wouldn’t ever dream of it,” he said, pulling you into him by the waist. You knew that – Poe was the sweetest person you knew. He was your first friend when you arrived onto the base. Even now he was your best friend. He pressed a kiss to your forehead, your cheek and then a quick peck onto your lips as you strolled through the base. You felt him grin against your lips. “You know I’m going to spoil this child, yeah?” he smirked. You mirrored his expression and leaned into his warmth. “Absolutely.” Chapter 12 : Kylo/Reader - Sweetling Summary: The Reader and Ren deal with Mala falling sick. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Mala got sick with an unknown illness, there was no place on the ship that the medics could hide from Kylo Ren. While your husband terrorised the medical wing, you waited by Mala’s bed. You could hear the shouted threats echoing through the hallways. Mala was pale. You never saw anyone be this white and be alive. Her skin was streaked with sweat, and she trembled like a leaf underneath the mountains of blankets you had put around her. You pressed the back of your hand on her forehead, and tried not to reel back from the heat there. “Daddy will find someone to help you, sweetheart,” you whispered. Mala couldn’t hear you. She slipped into a deep sleep almost three days ago. You still spoke to her anyway. Another set of shivers ran through her. For someone so small, it looked so much more violent than it would have Mala was six, and shouldn’t be affected by any of the viruses and infections that the medics knew of. You had gone two days with no or little sleep. You had fallen asleep in the chair you had moulded into the ground beside her bedside, only woken up by Ren taking a seat on the bed and talking to your daughter. The door to Mala’s room opened and a medic strode in with files in his arms. You looked up to him, and you sighed at what you saw. His eyes were wide, and his hands were trembling. “Did my husband threaten you?” The medic jumped slightly at the question and at the soft tone you asked it in. “Y-Yes, m’lady.” You stared at him for a moment before sighing again. “I apologise for him. He’s just afraid.” The medic nodded and went around Mala’s bedside, checking on the IVs and monitors they had keeping check on her. Everything was normal, apparently, as the medic wrote down her readings for today. “Do you have any idea about what it could be?” you asked after a while of silence. The medic – a young man with cropped dark hair and thick glasses – shook his head. I’m afraid not, m’lady. Our team is working on it though-” “-Thank you,” you said curtly. He was a nice boy, you gathered, but you didn’t’ have enough energy to deal with that conversation again. We’re doing our best was what you had been dealing with for the past week, and Mala was getting worse. Eventually the medic left the room, and you ran your hand over your face. You were tired. Exhausted at everything and everyone that came in through that door. You watched Mala throughout the night; listening to the ragged and wheezing breathes she took, watching her eyes sometimes squint together through a bad bout of trembling, and whipping away the sweat off her forehead. Ren eventually left his mission of threatening anyone who met him and joined you in Mala’s room. You felt him put his hand gently on your shoulder. “Get some sleep,” he told you. At the mention of sleep, your eyes started to grow heavier. “I’ll keep watch.” You got up from the chair and rubbed at your eyes. Ren took your place and put his hand onto Mala’s on the bed. She was so small compared to him. He towered over pretty much everyone on the ship, but your daughter was tiny . For a moment, you watched him take Mala’s hand in his own and rub his thumb over her fingers. “If that medic comes back into the room, you’re not to threaten him,” you told Ren as you made your way to the door. You wrapped your shawl tighter around yourself as you left the room and walked through the corridors of the ship. Troopers marched past, as did commanders and other soldiers the ship had picked up along the way, but who did offer you fleeting condolences were medics and even General Hux when you met him in the elevator. You and Hux had a history of never getting along. In meetings, most of the time was spent with you two either shouting or making snide comments to each other. When both of you were ever in the same room together for more than five minutes, something was going to be broken. You stood motionless in the elevator as you ascended to the quarter’s level. Hux cleared his throat. “I’m sorry for what happened to your daughter,” he said lowly. It was so quite you almost missed it over the hum of the elevator. “Thank you General,” you replied curtly. When the doors opened up to the hallway, you strode out with your head as high as you could manage. You felt the General’s eyes follow you until you knew that the door had closed again and continued to ascend through the ship. Eventually you ended up in your own quarters and almost fell into the bed. You didn’t care that your clothes were still on – the clothes you had been wearing for three days since taking up watch on Mala’s bedside. Sleep consumed you as soon as you closed your eyes. When you went back to Mala’s room, you paused at the door. Ren was in the same position he was in when you left. His hand held Mala’s and he kept it pressed to his mouth. His eyes didn’t lift off of your daughter’s face when you strode in the door. “Don’t leave me,” you heard him plead lowly. You stood to the side of the room and watched him. “My little princess, you’re the best thing my name is attached to. You and your mother hold the two halves of my heart – don’t leave. I don’t know what I’d do.” “My love,” you said gently. Ren’s shoulders tenses and slumped. You wandered over to him and put your hands on his shoulders. Tears started to prick at the back of your eyes. You held it together for the both of you, but even your own strings were starting to fray. “I’ll light every solar system on fire if she leaves us,” he said. You ran your fingers of one hand through his hair and cradled his head. “She’ll be alright,” you promised. Mala’s system started to crash one day. After spending another night watching over her, her whimpering breath stopped. Ren pulled you away from her bedside, holding on to your arms as he held you close to his chest. H whispered into your ear, “keep calm”, “they’ll save her”, “everything is alright”, and you eventually broke. Ren’s arms were the only thing that held you upright as your legs gave out from underneath you. Medics flowed into the room, each of them blocking your view of your daughter on the bed. Ren held onto you throughout the whole thing. Eventually his voice faded out, as did the sounds of the room as everything you heard became white noise. You clenched your eyes shut as you willed everything away. You didn’t want to go through this anymore. You pleaded with the Light and Dark to help, but nothing happened. The white noise receded. Ren’s voice cut through your mind. “She’s alive, love,” he said, “Mala is alive.” You leaned back into Ren’s chest and breathed deeply. You looked up at him. Everything was too bright and too loud. The world was spinning too quickly. Ren eventually let you sit on the ground, let you rest properly against him as his legs came around your waist and to your side. “She’s alive,” he repeated into your hair as he kissed the top of your head and carded his fingers through your hair. Mala eventually woke up. You and Ren were both there when she did. Her fever had broken the night before, and the medics said that she was over the brunt of it. You only had to wait. Ren’s hand tightened around yours when Mala weakly called out to the both of you. Ren had almost fallen to her side when he entered the room. You didn’t believe the sound of her voice cutting through the silence of the room. You thought you had finally gone mad. You looked down to see Mala’s dark coloured eyes peeking open, and squinting at the light. You called out to Ren and you had never seen your husband move so quickly in your life. “Daddy and Mommy are here, sweetling.” Notes: I don't really like the ending, but I was tired when I wrote this, plus in a hall with students who irritate me to no end. Oh well... Chapter 13 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Sleep Summary: An Anon requested cuddles, I present to you cuddles :) On the rare days off that you and Poe had together, you spent it lying about in one of your rooms not doing anything but rest. Over the months, you had been using your time to get to know him better – where he was from, what was his home planet like, why he became a pilot. He asked you the same questions, intrigued as to where you learned how to break a man’s arm as quickly and easily as you do. You were in Poe’s quarters dozing contently against his shoulder and chest. One of Poe’s hands was tracing patterns into your back, sometimes wandering up to card his fingers through your hair. Poe was reading. You had attempted to – you could see the pages he was scanning his eyes over, but eventually you nodded off, only woken up by him pressing a kiss to your head. “You can fall asleep here, you know,” Poe said quietly when you stretched out and yawned. You hummed. “Your arm would fall asleep – it’s a wonderful pillow.” You shuffled around until your head was against his shoulder instead, and your nose pressed to his neck. Poe eventually returned to reading and you started to slip into sleep again. When you woke up, Poe was asleep. His other arm had come up from his side to wrap around you. You were too warm, with your clothes on, blankets over you and the added heat from Poe’s body, but you didn’t care. You’re eyes drooped shut again as you took a deep breath in. Through the silence of the room, you heard distinct beeps of BB-8. The droid rolled into the room, passed you and Poe on the bed and returned into his own station in the corner of the room. The droid perked its head up at you and clicked a greeting. You smiled widely at the droid as it too went to sleep, slowly powering down and eventually going slack against the wall. Poe shuffled in his sleep, tugging you closer to him. You settled on the bed, encased in Poe’s arms, and you smiled to yourself. You never thought this would happen. Poe was an awkward soul who barely stumbled out an invitation to a date on the first night you met. Now that you’re in the same bed, sharing heat between in each other in one another’s arms, it surprised you. You reached over to the edge of a blanket and tugged it over you and Poe. He let out a content sigh, and you bruised the hair on his face to press a chaste kiss onto his temple. “G’night Dameron,” you whispered into the quiet room. Chapter 14 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Tidal Wave (General Rating) Summary: A lovely Anon requested that the Reader and Poe have a fight, with a fluffy end of course, so here it is :) “What the kriff was that?!” You rolled your eyes as Poe’s voice came through the comms. You pulled up your ship to avoid a falling ship engulfed in flames from crashing into you. Poe’s ship and his squad were within your sight, diving through cloud cover to pick off the remaining First Order pilots that had spotted you entering the atmosphere. Snap groaned through the shared comm. “Leave her alone, Dameron.” “It worked, didn’t it?” Jessika prompted. Her own X-Wing flew past yours to soar up into the thick clouds and disappeared. Poe’s comm went mostly silent, only barking orders into it for his squad, leaving you alone to do what you did best – downing First Order pilots as silently and quickly as you could. The last few pilots were picked off by Snap and Jessika – the pilots were making a break for the atmosphere in order to report the attack, but you didn’t have to worry about that anymore. You relaxed back into your seat as you glided easily through the air, swerving your X-Wing alongside Snap’s. A quick beep from your comms signalised that he was sending you a private message. You flicked the switch to open it up. “He’s only worried,” Snap said. You rolled your eyes again and tightened your grip around your controls. “I get that – it’s just annoying when I’m trying to do my job.” Snap’s end of the comm went silent for a minute before the man sighed. “Good shooting, Princess.” The comm went dead, only leaving the communal one. Jessika was dishing out co-ordinates to another pilot, Shyan, who sent their location back to the General on D’Qar. At least another airspace was cleared out, you thought to yourself as you skimmed the cloud cover with the wings of your jet. Poe called out your name through the comm. “Yes Dameron,” you replied. You could feel Snap and Jessika’s backs straighten out at your use of Poe’s last name. You used it only when you were joking and when you were pissed at him – and the tone of your voice made it clear that it wasn’t the first. “We’ll start to head back to D’Qar in an hour,” he stated, “can you do a once over of the ground with Jessika?” Without answering, you pulled at your controls so your X-Wing seeped and dove into the clouds below you. Jessika followed closely behind. The clouds eventually made way for a lush green land that the planet housed. It was beautiful – there were crystal waterfalls and high-rise mountains, some of which you noticed above the clouds as they peeked through them. You sighed heavily through your nose and started your evaluation of the planet. You weren’t surprised to see Poe waiting at the base’s hangar. The top of his flightsuit was undone and tied around his waist, and his helmet was tucked underneath his arm. As you crawled out of your cockpit and dropped to the ground, you felt his eyes on you. Without looking in his direction, you cheerfully met with one of the mechanics that raced over to give your ship a mandatory once over after a mission. You signed off on the document she handed you, and clapped her on the shoulder as she got on with her job. “What did you do out there?” Poe asked coolly as you walked past him to start heading to the mess hall. You started to tug off the top section of your flightsuit to tie it around your waist. “I downed a First Order pilot just like you asked me to, Commander Dameron.” Poe kept you hurried pace as you marched through the halls. It would have been funny how people saw your straight and somewhat irritated expression and pretty much threw themselves out of your way, but you looked straight forward and headed for the one place you could lose Poe’s voice in a mess hall. “I said to get rid of him, yeah,” Poe argued, “I didn’t say to risk your kriffing life by doing a dive like that? And it was unauthorised!” You stopped suddenly and turned to him with your hands on your hips. “I don’t have to authorise my actions to you. The General had given me just as much status on that mission as you.” “Don’t start that shit with me again.” “What?” “The ‘the General thinks I’m the greatest she has’ talk that you’re going to go into,” Poe argued. You were both standing close to each other – too close – and you could see the fire that was slowly building behind Poe’s eyes. You tilted your head and looked at him for a moment before you straightened your back. “You’re an ass, Poe Dameron.” Marching away, Poe’s footsteps didn’t follow you. You almost stopped walking just to look around to him, but you pushed yourself forward, eventually throwing open the double doors of the mess hall. They clattered to the wall with a bang, and most of the people inside looked towards you. “What?!” Everyone simultaneously went back to their plates on the tables in front of them. The usual murmur of conversation filtered back into the hall but you still felt people’s eyes on you. You grabbed a tray and put it down in front of the first section of the kitchen. Catching the bridge of your nose you breathed deeply. A hand clasped on your shoulder and you spun around. “Walk with me,” the General said. You looked to your tray and then back to her. After spending two days flying, you were starving. The General shook her head, grabbed your arm gently but firmly and led you away, looking over her shoulder to mouth to the chef. “Keep something left back for this one,” she ordered, “I need to talk to her.” The chef nodded. Taking your tray, the chef took it back into the kitchen and resumed with the pilots that came in behind you. One of them was Jessika who watched you be led away by the General, sparing you a look that personified “good luck”. The General’s arm linked with yours as you both wandered through the base. Commanders and troops filed passed, all sparing you a greeting and a salute to the General. “You and your boyfriend are fighting?” she inquired, looking over to you. You groaned. “How quickly does news spread in this base?!” The General laughed. “Usually not very quickly, but when it concerns you…” “What’s that meant to mean?” The General’s arm on yours tightened. “When you first arrived at this base, you were nothing but a girl. I took you in, I raised you as best as I could, and you became my prized student. You also became a daughter to me. Anything that happens to you on this base, whether you know this or not, is reported to me by those I have watching over you.” You watched the General for a moment. “You’re spying on me?” “Darling, I’ve been spying on you since you decided to become a pilot and leave my side.” “Leia-” “-I need at least one pair of eyes on you, and if it’s not mine, then I’ll find one to do it for me,” she explained casually, “I’ve started putting more eyes on you since that incident on Naboo.” “It wasn’t my fault that the Senator found out I was a part of the Resistance.” You both dissolved into laughter as you continued your walk. At one corridor, you were pulled quickly away into the next. You looked over your shoulder and saw at the end of the corridor were Poe and Snap, both of them with their arms folded and silently arguing. The General’s hand went to yours and she gave you a reassuring squeeze. “Men are silly creatures,” she said, “but they eventually learn.” You frowned. “Learn what?” “That their love is capable of defending themselves.” There was a knock on your quarter’s door. You rubbed your hand over your face and squinted at your bedside clock. It was too early for anyone to be visiting, unless it was an emergency. You tossed the sheets off of your body and grabbed your loose-fitting hoody you kept around for casual wear. Stumbling through your room, there was another knock. “I’m coming, I’m coming,” you muttered, rubbing at your eyes. You got to the door and clicked on the panel for it to open. The door slide to the side and outside your room was Poe. His hair was messy, with some curls falling on to his face. The dark circles that usually hung around his eyes were only darker, and his whole face looked more sunken in. He was in the same sort of dress you were in with loose fitting clothing that barely gave either of you any shape or form, but were warm in the base’s cold nights. You leaned against the edge of your door and folded your arms. “What do you want?” Poe’s eyes fell closed and he winced. “Not even a hello?” he tried. You rolled your eyes and stepped away, reaching to the panel to close the door. “Wait,” Poe tried again, “I’m sorry.” Your hand paused, hovering a few inches from the button on the wall. “What for?” you pried. Poe ran a hand through his hair, then rubbed the back of his neck. He looked both down both ways of the hallway and then returned his gaze to you. “Can I come inside?” “No.” “Please?” He sighed. “It’s better for me to say this privately.” You peered around the door to look into the hallway. “I don’t see anyone around.” He said your name gently, almost like a plead to you. You dropped your arm from the panel and stepped away from the door. You nodded your head inside. “Get in,” you ordered. Poe crept past you, shuffling into the room. “I’m sorry,” Poe repeated. You let your door close and you leaned against it with your arms crossed in front of your chest. “We’ve established that.” “I’m sorry for how I reacted,” he explained, “You had an order, and you did it. I shouldn’t have called it into question.” Poe’s hands fumbled by his side. His feet were rooted to the middle of your room a he watched you. “You didn’t call my actions into question Poe,” you explained, “you flat out said I didn’t do my job right. The job that I’ve been doing for years and what I’m good at.” “I know, and I’m sorry.” Poe took a step towards you and you held your hand out. “You can be as apologetic as you like, Poe Dameron, but you questioned me in front of our squad – in front of our friends . How do you think that makes me feel?” Poe’s hands tightened and loosened by his side, fumbling with the bottom of his jacket. He opened his mouth and you interrupted. “Don’t say you’re sorry again,” you said curtly. Tension slowly filled the room with every passing moment of silence between you two. You stayed at the door and Poe stayed standing in the middle of your room. Neither of you moved an inch, neither of you spoke. Tiredness eventually returned to you as you rubbed at your eyes and stifled a yawn. “I’m going to bed,” you said as you walked past Poe. He didn’t move, but his fingers brushed against yours as you moved past him. He was warm, like he always was, and your heart ached. Your legs carried you into your bedroom and you flung yourself into your bed. Tugging the covers over you, you hid away until the morning. You woke up to a weight pressing down at the end of the bed. You looked over your shoulder and saw Poe sitting away from you, putting his face into his hands. As you watched him for a while, you could see how badly he was being affected – his hair was a mess, his eyes looked sunken into his face, and he just looked tired. You began to wonder did he even sleep last night – probably not, he was still in your quarters, unless he slept on the couch in your living area. Poe looked over to you and sighed deeply. “I get worried sometimes,” he explained slowly. You continued to watch him from over your shoulder, tugging the blankets around you. “I’ve told you about my parents – they were pilots too, and died when I was six. When I lost them, I just shut down for a few years.” You knew what Poe was like. You knew about his parents – Kes and Shara sounded like wonderful people from the stories Poe told you. He had lived happily enough with his grandparents, but you knew that shadow still lingered in his mind. Of course he would be worried for you – he was terrified you would end up like them. “Poe,” you said softly. Poe shook his head and buried his face into his hands. You pulled away some of the blankets from your body and sat up. You tentatively reached out to put your hand on his arm. His muscles tensed under your touch and then relaxed again. “I’ll be okay,” you reassured him. You tugged gently at his arm, and you pulled him into your embrace. You gently rocked him as you felt soft sobs wrack through his frame. “We’ll both be okay. I promise.” You hushed and soothed him as he cried. Poe never cried, but when he did, you were around to hold him and make sure he was okay. You carded your fingers through his hair and softly mumbled a tune to calm him down. “I’m so sorry,” he apologised again, with his arms coming to encircle your body. “I just don’t want to lose you.” You pulled away and cupped his face in your hands. Looking into his eyes you assured him that nothing would happen to you. “I’ll be fine, and so will you be,” you said. Eventually Poe wiped his eyes and settled down. You tugged at his arm and you both settled on the bed encased in each other’s arms. His head leaned against your shoulder as you played with his hair and rubbed the back of his neck. “We’re okay now, aren’t we?” Poe asked quietly. You pulled up the blankets from the end of the bed, noting silently how Poe’s eyes drifted shut at the combined warmth of your bed and your body. You nodded. “We’re okay,” you soothed lulling him to sleep. You believed it – you would both be okay. Chapter 15 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Rekindling (General Rating) Summary: Anon Suggested from my Tumblr. They wanted Kes and Shara memories, and this is the best I could do. The Reader and Poe travel to Yavin 4 and fluff ensues. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You leaned against the hull of you X-Wing, watching Poe carefully. Yavin 4 was beautiful – a forest planet covered in flora and fauna you had never seen before. Poe had told you stories about the time he climbed a massassi tree to catch a Whisper bird, much to the chagrin of his mother who had grounded him for almost a month. The golden birds flew in circles around the clearing you both stood in. Poe was at least a few metres in front of you, looking around at the plot of land. Scattered homes rested on the lush green grass, locked and overtaken by vines and leaves. Over the treetops there were snow tipped peaks of mountains that the sun was lazily starting to fall behind. This was Poe’s childhood home. You could imagine him living here – the trees were tall enough to reach the sky, the lush forest floor was a child’s dream to run through and hide in, and the animals weren’t at all dangerous. It was a beautiful planet. It was a shame that there was no one here to greet him when he returned home. You pushed yourself off of you X-Wing’s hull and strode towards Poe. He was still looking to the biggest of the homes. You knew it belonged to his parents. You knew it was where he grew up. It was sad to see it entangled in a mess of overgrown vines and tree roots, looking like it was trying to reclaim the land that Kes and Shara had built Yavin’s first colony on. You walked up to Poe’s side and took his hand in yours. He sighed. “I remember so much about this place.” He looked around the opened clearing, eventually stopping to look towards a tree separated from the rest. It held a slight glow and swayed in the breeze. “My parents planted it before I was born,” Poe told you, “it’s a Force-sensitive tree.” You looked at him. “Like the one Skywalker used to have?” Poe nodded. “He gave a branch of it to my mother who planted it here.” There was silence for a while before Poe gave a short laugh. “Yavin is so far away from anything, no wonder she picked here. No one would ever look for it.” The tree wasn’t nearly as tall as the others around it, but it was a solidly rooted thing that had its branches spread out to weave against those of the other trees and bushes. Poe squeezed you ahnd and you both began to walk around the small clearing. There wasn’t much to see, but you watched Poe as he took in everything about the clearing. He pointed to a few areas – where his old room used to be, where he would play with the other colonists’ children, when he would disappear to until his father came looking for him. Poe’s hand tightened around yours again. He was looking to the ridge that surrounded the clearing. “I want to show you something,” he smiled as he led you through the forest and up to the hillside. You followed the path Poe made for you as you clambered up the ridge, eventually ending up on a small ledge that overlooked the clearing. It jutted out from the side of the hill, a hill that eventually joined into the snow-capped mountains. Below you, the clearing was bathed in orange light of the sunset. It took your breath away at how peaceful everything was. You had flown in multiple planets – all of them had been beautiful in some way. This was the only one where it was peaceful and dead quiet. You and Poe both sat with your legs hanging off the edge of the ledge enjoying the peace and the view. “I missed this,” Poe said suddenly. You looked over to him and weren’t surprised to see his eyes holding a forlorn look. You reached out to his hand and put your own over his. He smiled at you. “Thank you for taking me here.” “You mention your parents so often, I thought that this would be good for you,” you explained. It was. Poe regaled you of stories about Kes and Shara, about their part in the Rebellion, about Yavin and it’s scenery that you admitted now was strikingly beautiful. He ran a hand through his hair and blew out a breath. “It means a lot to me that I get to share this with you,” he said. You gave his hand a squeeze. “They would have liked you, you know. Ma would have adored you.” “Well, I am a charming person,” you smiled coyly. Poe rolled his eyes. “You always ruin a nice moment between us.” “I try my best.” “You’re so annoying. Why do I even put up with you?” “You love me.” Poe was silent for a while. A smile spread on his face. “Yeah,” he breathed, “yeah I do.” He ran his fingers along your jaw and to the back of your neck to pull you into a kiss. Your hands went to his jacket, pulling him into your body as you both fell back from the ledge onto the platform behind you. You wrapped your arms around Poe’s neck, pulling him flush against you as he leaned over you. One of his hands wandered to your hip, rubbing circles into it while the other cupped your cheek. When you pulled away for air, you rubbed your nose against Poe’s. “I love you too, moron.” Poe laughed. “You could have done without the insult.” “ Moron is an insult to you? Darling you haven’t seen what I have in store for you,” you smirked. Poe chuckled and pecked a kiss to you lips. He leaned on one arm to hold his weight above you. “I love you too much for my own good.” You smiled and held your palm against his cheek, huffing a laugh when he nuzzled into it. “That you do.” “You’re the same.” “That I am.” You leaned up and captured Poe’s lips, tugging his bottom lip with your teeth. You ran a hand through his curly hair and played with the strands at the back of his head. Poe was watching you with hooded eyes, with a lazy lopsided smile. You giggled. “What are you thinking about?” He shrugged a shoulder. “It’s stupid.” “Then you definitely have to tell me,” you smiled, rubbing your fingertips in to the back of his head. His eyes fluttered closed for a second. “I’d like to live here again someday,” he said lowly, rubbing his nose against yours, “with you.” You watched him for a while before smiling broadly. “Let’s make this our home then, Poe Dameron.” Notes: Drop suggestions either into my tumblr or the comments of this fic. Anywhere is good :) *Sarah Points to the person who noticed the unnecessarily cheesy line shoved in there for the hell of it. **I'm aware that most of these seem to be Poe/Reader, and I am working on Kylo/Reader stuff, plus characters like Rey, Hux and Finn...just...bare with. Their core ideas are saved away, all I need to do is plan and write. ***Author Note: The reason why there is no smut in this (I really wanted there to be but) I was supervising a free-class in a hall. In my old secondary/high school. A Catholic one. With nuns. Smut will arrive later, but in the comfort of my own home away from Holy eyes. Chapter 16 : Kylo/Reader - Beginnings and Would-Be Endings (Teenage Rating) Summary: A combination of Anon requests! Spanning from the Reader's first meeting of Kylo Ren as children to how their relationship flourished, to how it almost ended. **Spoiler warnings for TFA, but if you've reader previous Kylo/Reader fics of mine, you probably know already. Oh Well Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The first time you had met Ren was at a meeting of your parents and his mother on D’Qar. Your mother had been a senator and your father a general. You were used to being dragged along on meetings with diplomats on different planets in different systems. Being only four years old though, you were often bored. There were no other children that were brought along whenever your parents travelled with other delegates from Naboo. You didn’t have any siblings to play with. Most of your time on delegate meetings was spent sitting on tall chairs listening to men and women rattle off words you didn’t understand. When you met General Organa, it had been different. You stood behind your mother as your father shook the General’s hand. Peering around your mother’s dress, you saw another child – a boy your age with a mess of black hair and dark eyes. He tilted his head when he saw you, and slowly stepped behind his own mother. You father had waved you over. Slowly you stepped out from behind you mother, with her giving you an encouraging shove on your shoulder. “Come on dear, introduce yourself.” You looked up to the General – a kind-looking woman with her hair tied back and in worn clothing. She wore the warmest smile you had ever seen. You bowed your head as you were thought to do and introduced yourself. “What a pretty name,” the General had said cheerily. You smiled and went to your father’s side. The boy peered around the General. “This is my son Ben,” the General said, leaning away slightly. The boy watched you carefully and waved slightly. “Hi,” he said quietly. “Hi,” you repeated. The apprehensiveness of you two meeting for the first time had disappeared within a week. Your parents spent hours talking to the General about setting up Rebellion bases in your home planet, while Ben had taken you by the hand and led you around the base. You raced each other through the hangar, around the landing strip, through the corridors of the main base, and eventually ending up on the trail through the forest that the soldiers used to run. Ben led the way with your following close behind, hopping over tree roots and fallen branches, and investigating the flora that was so different from Naboo. Eventually you both ended up at a large lake. On top of the water, golden birds skimmed the surface as they caught fish and disappeared back into the tree tops. “They’re Whisper Birds,” Ben had told you, “One of mom’s pilots brought them from Yavin.” You watched the birds. Their golden feathers glimmered in the sunlight as they climbed higher and higher in to the skies. They called to each other – soft cooing that resembled singing, rather than the harsh caws the birds of Naboo used. “They’re pretty,” you said as you watched them. Eventually the last of them returned to the forest, finished with fishing. Ben must have seen the forlorn look on your face. “They come out every day at this time,” he explained. He strode up to your side and gave you a smile. “We can come out here again if you like.” You nodded. When you two had returned to the base, you weren’t surprised to find you father and Ben’s father at the end of the trail with their arms folded. Ben had explained that he wanted to show you around, and that it wasn’t your fault, and his father only sighed. You were both shepherded back into the base. “Those two will be trouble,” you had heard your mother say to your father when you were eventually pried away from ben to go to bed. Your parents died a few years later. The flight to D’Qar wasn’t long, but it felt like eternity. You sat to the back of the carrier ship with your hands clasped on top of your legs. Lorene, your mother’s friend and vice-Senator, had been on the ship with you for a time, eventually getting off on Hoth to check over proceedings there. You were silently thankful that you didn’t have to listen to her anymore. She was a nice lady, but you didn’t want to hear the phrase “I’m so sorry for you loss” again, or you’d pull the escape hatch open. When you landed on D’Qar, the General had already opened her arms for you. You practically fell into her. You didn’t cry. You had spent the last week crying. You were just tired now. When you pulled away, you saw Ben standing to the side with his father. Han looked as gloom-filled as ever, while Ben was watching you with a frown. He had eventually walked over and hugged you close. “She’ll be living with us from now on, Ben,” Leia said. Ben’s arms tightened around you, and you wrapped your own around him. Even though years had passed, Ben had taken you on wanderings through the forest. The Whisper Birds were still there, and there were more of them. You watched as they skimmed the water for fish and felt Ben sit down on the lakeside beside you. “I’ll make sure you’re okay,” he said. You looked over to him and he was staring out onto the lake. You gave a soft smile. “Thank you Ben.” Ben was eventually dragged away for Jedi training. You knew it would happen. Leia had told you, especially when she knew you two were getting too close. It didn’t stop you from holding on to him like your life depended on it. A cloaked man stood beside a carrier ship on the runway. Ben’s arms were tight around you as you felt Han’s hand eventually go to his shoulder. “They’re waiting, Ben.” “Please don’t go,” you pleaded. Ben eventually pulled himself away and shook his head. His hair was too long, and strands of it fell from its tie in the back onto his face. “I need to go,” he said, looking back over his shoulder to the cloaked man, “I’ll be a Jedi.” “You can be a Jedi here,” you said holding onto his hand. “Luke can come here to train you.” Leia called your name. You shook your head. “Please don’t-” “-I’ll be home before you know it,” Ben said. His hand eventually fell from yours and he started walking towards the hooded man. Tears pricked at your eyes as you wiped them away with your sleeve. Leia joined your side as the carrier ship left the ground and soared for the atmosphere. “He’ll come home darling,” she said softly, letting you lean into her side and cry. When you met Ben again, he was different. You travelled back to Naboo for the sake of it. You had denied holding any offices – your life was on D’Qar with Leia and Han, organising Rebellion strikes and maintenance. You were walking through the halls of one of Naboo’s hotels – a tall sky rise building with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the brightly lit city. As you stepped into your living room you froze. “Ben,” you said breathlessly. He was just standing there – dressed in the Jedi cloak and uniform with long black hair that reached his shoulders. He gave you a small smile. “Hi.” Ben trailed his lips down your neck as you untied his cloak from his shoulders. “I missed you so much,” he rasped, tugging off your jacket and shirt, tossing them somewhere into the room. Your legs fell to either side of his waist as you sighed. “You never came home. Not once.” Ben bit gently on the skin of your neck and you gasped. “I was busy.” “You better be the galaxy’s best Jedi with all the time you spent on that bloody planet.” You got a laugh from Ben as you looked up into your eyes. You cupped his cheek with your hand and stroked the skin there. He was warm and felt like home. You were both children when he left, but now that you were both older, you knew that there was always something there between you. You threw Ben’s cloak into the pile of clothes in the corner of the room and went to undoing the laces of his shirt. He rubbed his nose against yours and pressed a kiss to your lips. “Will you be around for long?” you asked him. He shrugged. “I can be around for as long as you want me around.” “Then, Ben Solo, you are never leaving this room,” you smirked as you flipped you both over and captured his lips in a searing kiss. You woke up the next morning to Ben watching you. Propped up on one arm Ben ran his fingers through you hair that had fallen onto your face during the night. You laughed breathlessly. “Good morning,” you smiled and stretched out on the bed. Your muscles ached and you were still tired, but meetings would be happening within a few hours and you needed to be present. Sometimes you hated being diplomatic. Ben placed a kiss to your temple. “I can hear you thinking.” You shoved his shoulder. “Stop using your powers on me.” Ben laughed, and wrapped an arm around you. Underneath the blankets, and with the growing heat of the Naboo day starting to creep into the room, it was warm, but you didn’t care. “I would never use my powers on you,” Ben promised, kissing your forehead, temple then down to your cheek. “I’d kick your ass if you did.” “I have no doubt in my mind that you would,” Ben smiled. There was a knock on your door followed by your secretary’s voice. He was asking for you to start getting ready for a meeting with a senator of an Outer Rim general. You groaned and fell back on to the pillow. Ben snickered. “Go to your meeting,” he shoved at your shoulder. “I hate you,” you said muffling your voice into his shoulder. “No.” You stared at the cloaked man sitting across from you. Leia and Han stood to the side of the room, both with mournful looks on their faces. You looked between each of them before repeating yourself. “No.” Han gently said your name. “We have recordings-” “-I don’t care about your recordings!” You said sharply at Han. You turned back to the Jedi. “You came all the way here to tell us this lie?!” “It’s not a lie,” the Jedi explained softly. He looked over to Leia. “I’ll need to go off grid. You understand.” Leia nodded stiffly. You stood up quickly and flung your chair out of the way. No. Ben wouldn’t do something like that. The Ben you knew, the Ben you grew up with, couldn’t harm a fly. The Jedi was lying. Anger flowed through your fists as you stormed out of the meeting room and marched down the hallways of the Resistance base. People parted before you, letting you storm past, not heading towards anywhere in particular but you just couldn’t be in that room anymore. Ben. Tears started to stream down your face. You needed Ben. He broke into another Hotel room of yours again. “You have a habit of doing that,” you said dryly as you strode passed him. You were in Bespin this time for another round of meetings, hoping that you would be let put more Resistance bases on the city. Something about him was different. He wore a black tunic, with a heavy cloak surrounding him. He stood motionless in the middle of your living room, watching you pace around as you collected notes and supplies for the next day’s meeting. “Why are you here?” you asked. “I wanted to see you.” You chuckled. “Funny, I didn’t think I would ever see you again after you took off after Naboo.” You heard Ben sigh. His general being was different. Something darker was nestled inside of him. Pouring a drink for yourself, you looked over your shoulder and shook the bottle. “Drink with me?” He shook his head. You put the bottle of wine back and sipped from your glass. Bespin wine was always stronger than the other planets’, but it was just what you needed right now. You caught the bridge of your nose with your fingers and walked back to the centre of the living room. “Why are you here?” “I wanted to see you,” Ben repeated. You shook your head. “Why are you here?” Ben paused. You knew he was looking at you, taking in your appearance. You were exhausted, trying to argue why you needed Rebellion bases on as many planets as you could manage. Apparently not every senator understood that. “I’m sorry for Naboo,” Ben started. He took a step towards you and you held up your hand. He stopped. “I never meant to leave for as long as I did.” You took another sip of wine before you rubbed at your eyes. “Someone told me that you killed people,” you said lowly. Ben’s eyes darkened slightly. You pressed on, “Someone told me you killed children . Is there any truth to this?” He said your name softly. “Tell me the truth,” you said coldly. “Did you, or did you not, kill those Jedi under Luke?” Ben waited too long to answer the question. You got your answer from the silence alone. You shook your head and put your glass down on a glass table. You rubbed at your eyes with the palms of your hands. “Ben,” you said, “Ben why?” “He told me to.” “Who?” “Snoke.” You dropped your hands to your side. Nothing but pain was in Ben’s eyes. The both of you stood in the living room for too long before tiredness eventually dug into your bones. “You can stay here,” you said, nodding your head to a large couch, “We can talk tomorrow.” When you went into your room, you sat down on your bed and buried your face into your hands. You were too tired to cry, to be angry, or to feel anything in general. You were empty. You felt a presence at the doorway. Looking up, you met Ben’s eyes. He stood there with his arms to his side. He swallowed thickly. “I’m sorry,” he said, “I’m so sorry for everything I put you through.” “We can talk tomorrow Ben-” “-I don’t know if I’ll be around tomorrow,” he pressed. He took a few steps into your room, but you didn’t stop him. Eventually he sat down beside you on the bed. His hands were clasped tightly together in front of him. As gently as you could, you reached out with your hand and put yours over his. “I did terrible things,” Ben said slowly, “all because a voice in my head told me to.” You had heard about Snoke from Leia. You rarely discussed Ben with her or Han, but you both worried for him greatly when you found out that Snoke had been the one to influence him. “I’m so confused,” he said. You looked and saw that tears were brimming in his eyes. You rubbed at his shoulders and let him lean into you. You fought off exhaustion to make sure he was alright. “There’s a war in my mind and I don’t know who to listen to anymore.” You eventually caught Ben’s arm and let him lay on the bed. With a little shuffling around, you had his head on your shoulder as you ran your fingers through his hair. “It’s alright,” you said softly, “everything will be alright.” “I’m scared,” Ben whispered. His arms came up around you. You held onto him for most of the night. By then you were too tired to even sleep, and it would have been pointless to sleep since your meeting was early in the morning. Ben shuffled in the bed, looking up to you. Your fingers carded through his hair, gently messaging his scalp. “I still love you, you know.” You nodded stiffly. “I know.” Ben paused for a moment before leaning up to capture your lips in a gentle kiss. Memories of the night spent together on Naboo come flooding back to you. You hand in Ben’s hair goes to the back of his head to deepen the kiss. Ben’s hand held onto the small of your back as he let you lay against the bed as he loomed over you. You broke away from the kiss with a gasp. Your hands went down his shoulders to his chest. Ben frowned. “Do you want this?” You bit the inside of your cheek and nodded. “Yeah, I do. Do you?” Ben nodded. “After Naboo, I haven’t stopped thinking about you.” You pulled Ben closer, pressing your lips to his. Ben kissed you back immediately, moving his lips slowly, his free hand coming up to cradle your neck. He was so much taller than you, but it always seemed to surprise you with how gentle he would be, as if you would break. The night rolled on in the Cloud City while you and Ben went back to that night on Naboo. You marched across the sands of Jakku towards the fleet of First Order troops. Some had raised their guns to you, but you marched on despite their orders to halt. One fired his rifle and you froze. The red beam of light stopped just a few centimetres away from you, held in the air for a few seconds before being sent off towards the sky. Ben was here. On a raised platform of dirt, he stood there masked. Even through the cold dark metal, you could feel the heat of his eyes on you. “What the kriff do you think you’re doing?” you said lowly. Ben waved off the troopers that had pointed their guns at you. Ben slowly walked towards you. He pulled off his helmet and you steeled yourself. He looked as helpless as he did when he came to you on Bespin. A chrome-armoured trooper remained. Her rifle was to her side, but she watched the two of you closely. You stared back at her for a time before Ben was standing in front of you. “Ben this has to stop.” “Don’t call me that.” “That’s your name, Ben!” Ben ignited his lightsabre. It was an odd looking thing that hissed and spat red light out from its handle. It was unstable. You didn’t need to be a trained Jedi to know that. You rooted your feet to the ground as Ben’s hand tightened around his lightsabre. “You won’t hurt me,” you told him icily, “so put that kriffing thing away.” “Why are you here?” “To stop you.” “This needs to be done.” “What? You need to kill a village of innocent people?” “These innocent people are hiding someone belonging to the Resistance." “The Resistance that your mother built?!” You shouted. Ben’s shoulders locked into place and his grip around his lightsabre tightened. “The Resistance that you lived with for the first years of your life? The Resistance that I fight for?” You paused and sucked in a breath. “The Resistance that your daughter will fight for.” Ben’s eyes widened. The angry red light disappeared back into his lightsabre and he secured it to his belt. “My what?” You swallowed the lump forming in your throat. “Your daughter – the one you left me with. You left me again Ben, after you promised you wouldn’t. You swore to me that you would stay!” Tears pricked at your eyes and you shook them away. “Please stop this Ben,” you pleaded, “please come home.” Ben’s face was void of everything. A Stormtrooper appeared beside the chrome-armoured one and shouted that they were near the village. Ben looked to the trooper and back to you. “Ben please-” “-I need to do this.” “Snoke is telling you what to do,” you pressed. You took a step forward towards Ben. The chrome-Stormtrooper raised her rifle at your movement but you continued to move forward. “This isn’t you Ben. Snoke is an evil manipulator. He’s the voice in your head. Fight it, please. Fight it and come home – come home to me, your mother and father, and your daughter.” Ben winced. “She wants to know who her father is,” you continued, “and what am I supposed to tell her? Her father is a man responsible of killing the only good left in the galaxy?” Ben clenched his jaw and shook his head. “You know where to find me,” he said simply before turning on his heel and walking towards the troopers. A tear streamed down your cheek as you watched him go. “Ben,” you said, too quiet for him to her you. You clenched your eyes shut and shook away the tears. Slowly, in the back of your mind, anger crept up like a shadow and engulfed your mind. “When you burn this galaxy to the ground, Ben Solo,” you called out, “I hope the flames take you with it.” You turned away and prepared for the trip back to your X-Wing. You would have to deal with Leia when you got back – this was an unauthorised mission you had taken upon yourself, but you didn’t care. You wiped away the tears now flowing down your face and tried to hold back the sobs. Ben Solo was dead. Notes: Well...That was a lot sadder than I anticipated it to be...and a lot longer. *shrugs* Oh well. Keep those prompts coming in! They give me life (and inspiration ;D) Chapter 17 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Save Your Strength Part 1 (General/Teen Rating) Summary: Poe and the Reader take advantage of the chaos of battle to get some relationship things out of the way. **This is part 1. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You clenched your jaw when a TIE fighter exploded near your X-Wing. You pulled hard at the controls, swerving away from the collision and soared through the airspace dodging falling TIE fighters. “Kriffin’ hell,” you cursed under your breath as you swerved and glided, looking around in every direction to find him. You had heard others through your shared comm calling out Poe’s call sign. No response. You opened up a comm to Jessika and called out to her. “Blue Three, do you have a visual on Black Leader?” Rough static came through the comm before you heard Jess’s faint voice. “No, but I’ll keep looking.” Jess’s X-Wing dove past yours as she glided in amongst the clouds. You were sure that most of the fighting was done above the cloud cover, but you still wanted to be sure. “Where are you Dameron?” you whispered to yourself as you checked both the visual airspace around you and your radar. You glided over a soft patch of cloud and eased into your seat slightly. Most of the First Order had been picked off thanks to Snap finding their squadron on his radar, but a few still lingered. Your pilots had them under control, chasing them around and downing them easily. Your grip around your controls tightened. A small bit of panic settled in your heart. Poe was off radar completely. The only instance that could happen was if the ship itself was downed. You didn’t see him get hit, and if he did (you prayed to every God and Deity that he didn’t) he would have called out to you over your comm. A soft rumble came from underneath the cloud cover you glided over. Some of the soft orange-tinted clouds rippled as wind gusted them away, eventually a X-Wing bolted up from underneath the clouds and flew straight for the atmosphere. You knew the ship – it was Poe’s. Glancing down to your radar, his signal popped back up. The ripple in the clouds came again as another ship, a TIE fighter, erupted from the clouds too chasing Poe’s ship. “For Light’s sake,” you cursed. You pulled harshly at your controls, revving up your warp drive and letting your X-Wing jolt forward as it made a dash for the atmosphere. You flipped open the comm to every pilot on your team. “We have a TIE still in the air. All units fall in.” Snap and Jess appeared beside you as your ships made the climb into the air and eventually swerved out into space. You kept your eyes on Poe’s X-Wing, watching how it veered left and right avoiding blasts and trying to distance himself from the TIE. You signalled for your team to split and try to cut off the TIE fighter from Poe while you put all you could into your own X-Wing to gain ground on them. Your comm beeped and Poe’s voice was in your ear. “Stay out of this one, little dove.” You scoffed. “You’re not getting the credit for this.” “This one is tricky,” Poe said. You watched him pull up his X-Wing so he climbed up through the region of space. The TIE followed him easily. He groaned in annoyance through the comm. “Let me handle it.” You keep your comm to Poe open as you followed them. IN the corner of your eye you saw Jess gaining ground quickly, shooting off a laser and clipping the wing of the TIE fighter. It wobbled and shook, but eventually evened out again and sped up. “What ever happened to Jess’ shot? She’s getting terrible at it,” you heard Poe mutter. You laughed to yourself. “I could send her that message you know.” “Please don’t.” Jess took another shot, this time nailing the TIE fighter on its side where it’s engine would be. The ship quickly caught fire and exploded. You swerved your jet out of the way to avoid the debris, and started to loosen your handle on the controls. Poe eventually turned his X-Wing around and glided next to yours. “I’m picking up more TIEs in the area,” he called to you over the comm. You looked down onto your own radar and saw dots all over the furthest circle. They were close, but when you looked up, you couldn’t see anything. You paused for a second. “Should we get out of here? They’re too many of them.” Poe sighed. “No, we’re to hold the planet until the General sends more troops.” You waited for them to show up. More TIE fighters appeared from nowhere and hell’s gates opened. Jess and Snap were cut off from the rest of you, fighting their own battle off in the distance. You and Poe had stuck together and did what you did best – work together. Poe shot down whatever ship followed you, and you did the same, swerving, diving and turning around in space as quickly as you could. The only problem with fighting in space was that after the explosion of a downed TIE fighter, the debris remained in the airspace. It didn’t fall to the ground like it would on a planet; it just either stayed or began to float in all directions. It was a pain to avoid. “There’s two heading straight for you,” Poe called through the comm. You peered behind your X-Win and saw to TIE fighters coming. You sighed through your nose and pulled at the controls to dive and turn back around so you could face them properly. They had split into two different directions and you swore under your breath. From watching you all in the fight, they must have learned how you move with each other. You commed Poe and tell him to catch up, but you X-Wing gave a violent jolt. Poe called your name. “You’re wing is hit.” He was right – it wasn’t a huge problem, but one of the TIE lasers had clipped the outside of your wing. Your controls were a bit harder to maintain, but you were still flying. Poe downed one of them, hitting them straight in the engine and swerving out of the way of debris to start hunting the second. You went through your comms – Snap and Jess were fine, panicked slightly but fine, as were the rest of your team. You breathed deeply through your nose when more red dots appeared on your radar. “You have got to be kidding me,” you groaned. It was too much. While you did fight back, a lot of the battle with the last squad of TIE fighters was escaping them for a time in order to patch forward a comm to the General. Poe was talking over the comm, mostly saying incoherent ramblings to keep everyone calm. It worked in a way – all you needed to hear was Poe’s voice – but everyone else was still on edge. Your own comm blinked. Poe was requesting a private link. You frowned. “What do you want?” you answered. “When do you want to get married?” Your X-Wing nearly swerved violently to the side. Your eyebrows drew together in confusion. “What?” “When do you want to get married?” he said slowly, as if what he was saying was the simplest thing in the world. “Um,” you bit the inside of your cheek. “Commander Dameron; is this a way of keeping me calm? Because it isn’t working.” You heard Poe laugh through the comm. In the corner of your eye you could see his X-Wing flying alongside yours. “I’m serious, little dove. Name a date.” “You know, to get married, you need to propose first.” “Fine: will you marry me?” “You romantic sap.” You pulled your controls to swerve out of the way of an exploding TIE fighter that Snap downed. A small smile was tugging at the corners of your lips. Poe hummed through the comm. “What about now?” “Now?” “Yes.” You scoffed. “Poe Dameron, I always thought your descent into madness would be a slow one, but apparently you’re already there.” “ Will you marry me? ” You paused for a second and let your fingers tighten around the controls. Chewing on the inside of your lip, you smiled, “Yeah.” “Good.” You heard a beeping sound form the other side of the comm – the sound of someone putting in a comm order to someone. “What are you doing?” you asked wearily. Poe remained silent, but you imagined him wearing a huge smile even among the carnage of battle. The beeping lasted about ten seconds before the voice of the General was in your ear. She sighed exasperatly. “My pilots are on their way, Black Leader-” “-I need you to marry me and my little dove.” Your mouth hung open. You’d hit him if you could – you thought about firing off a warning shot near his ship, but you wouldn’t waste ammo like that. But he was a dead man when you both landed. The General stayed silent for what must have been a minute. You continued flying around the battle scene, picking off TIE fighters and helping Jess out of a 4-way chase. “I expect you both to have a proper ceremony once you land,” the General said finally. You couldn’t help but laugh. Of course she saw nothing wrong with this. “And so Light help me if you’re not crying on that day Dameron.” Officially speaking, the General still held her political position as a Princess, and could legally marry people. You and Poe both made the decision to do the whole ceremony on either D’Qar or Yavin once you landed, but this would have to do. The General went through the usual vows, the vows you listened to other people say and never really understood until you now were saying them. Even in the chaos of battle, you meant every word that you would still love and be with Poe through sickness, health, poverty, wealth, and everything in between. Poe mirrored your words. Over the comm, you heard the General huff a laugh. “Technically speaking that’s it,” she started, “so do you both take each other as husband and wife?” You both said “I do” at the same time. “Then I, General Leia Organa, in the power I retain from Alderaan, do now pronounce you husband and wife.” A laugh bubbled out of you. Eventually the pilots arrived, bolting into the middle of the battle to clear out the last remaining TIE fighters. You closed the private link you had with Poe and opened the communal one again. Jessika had shouted into your ear that she was trying to contact you both but couldn’t get through. You hurriedly said that you would explain when you got back to D’Qar, but for now you needed to sign off on the mission. You climbed out of you X-Wing on D’Qar and sighed happily when your feet touched the solid floor of the hangar. Your mechanic, Charlie, gave you a warm smile and a clap on the shoulder. You let him go about with repairs to your ship, notably the shot on the wing. You were pissed about it, but now looking at it from outside, it doesn’t look that bad. You heard hurried footsteps from behind you and you turned around to have Poe picking you up and twirling you around. You giggled and wrapped your arms around his neck. “Mrs Dameron,” he greeted you. When he dropped you to the ground he captured your lips in a heated kiss. You put your hands on his chest and pushed him away. Nodding your head to Charlie at the other end of your ship, you frowned. “Not here, Commander Dameron.” Poe’s hands went from your sides to your waist to pull you into him by your ass. You laughed and wrapped your arms around his shoulders and pulled him in for a quick kiss. “We have a wedding to plan,” you mumbled against his lips. He hummed and pulled away slightly. Looking at you with hooded eyes, his arms tightened around you. “Later,” he said, “now though, I plan to have my way with my new bride.” Poe hoisted you up into his arms again and carried you into the main building of the base. You laughed into his mop of black curly hair as people watched you go past with raised eyebrows. “It’s all fine! She’s my wife now!” Poe called back to them. You hummed. Wife, Mrs Dameron. All things you dreamed of being called. You could definitely get used to all of them. Notes: I'm too tired, but I had a very long idea that would be drawn out into something wonderful. But I'm too tired. I split it into this piece, and another one I'll do tomorrow. But for now, my bed calls like a siren to me. Chapter 18 : Kylo/Reader - Beginnings and Would-Be Endings PART 2 (General Rating) Summary: Continuation of the first part, picking up a year or two after the Reader confronted Ben on Jakku. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You were at the doorway to the bedroom, standing in the crack in the door to obscure the sight of your daughter that was sleeping in your bed. “Get out,” you said coldly. The man in the chair shook his head. His fingers drummed against the arm of the chair, and he stood up. “I want to see her.” “You had enough time to come back,” you said. You stepped out into the living room and shut the bedroom door behind you, but you remained rooted in front of it. “Your time is up, Ben.” Something flickered across his face. Anger, maybe. It was quickly gone and replaced with the unreadable expression Ben wore whenever he visited. You wished you could hear the thoughts flashing through his mind, but you couldn’t. Ben’s eyes softened after a moment of silence. “She’s my daughter too.” You scoffed. “Until a year ago, you didn’t know she existed.” “How was I supposed to know? You took off after-” “ I took off?!” you hissed. You took a few long strides into the room until you could stand in front of Ben and point a finger at his chest. “Where in Light’s name did you go for all those years? Do you even know how much it killed me inside for you to leave?” You stood right in front of Ben. He leaned back slightly as you got closer to him. “Do you know what it was like having to go home to your mother, and having to explain to her how I got pregnant?” Ben swallowed thickly. “She knew I had met with you. She didn’t doubt that little girl from being yours for a second. Do you want to know how I felt when I had to explain ?” Ben said your name softly. You stopped speaking for a moment and collected your breath, taking in air shakily. “Can I please see her?” he asked. His eyes were soft and starting to brow red around their edges. You shook your head as firmly as you could. “Get out,” you said firmly. The door behind you creaked open and you clenched your eyes shut. “Mama?” “Go back to bed, sweetheart.” Ben was staring wide-eyed over your shoulder. He saw her. You looked over to see only your daughter’s head peeking out behind the door. Her long black hair was messed from sleep, most of it splaying out in stray strands over her chubby face. “Go back to bed,” you repeated. Your daughter looked to Ben and hid back behind the door. She had a fist to her mouth as she watched Ben carefully. She was a tiny thing, still holding onto childish actions like chewing on her thumb when nervous or needing to be comforted. You sighed heavily and walked towards her. When she held her arms out for you, you hoisted her up into your arms and petted her hair. “Let’s get you back to bed,” you told her as you bounced her gently. She was looking over your shoulder to a motionless and perhaps frozen Ben standing in the middle of the living room. “Who’s that?” she whispered into your ear. You swallowed a small lump in your throat. “A friend of Mommy’s.” Even with your back to him, you could feel Ben wincing. That was perhaps the best explanation to give her right now. She pulled her closed fist away from her mouth and waved it at Ben. “Hi.” Ben sucked in a shay breath. “Hello there.” You cradled your daughter’s head and walked her back into the bedroom, tucking her back underneath the blankets. You got her Wookie plush toy from the corner of the bed and handed it to her. “I’ll be back in a minute,” you said, pressing a gentle kiss to her head. As your daughter settled down, tucked in and ready to go back to sleep, you heard her mumble, “Is your friend nice?” You froze. “He seems nice,” she told you; bringing her fist back to her mouth and letting her other arm wrap around her cuddly toy. You nodded slightly. “He’s nice,” you said simply. Ben was still standing in the living room. You were slightly surprised. Sparing a quick look to the digital clock in one of the rooms, you turned back to him. “Isn’t it around this time that you usually take off?” You strode passed him to pick up the last of your notes for a meeting tomorrow. You weren’t getting any sleep, not after dealing with the panic instilled in your chest at your daughter seeing Ben. You might as well do something productive. As you strode back from your desk, Ben gently grabbed your arm. You stilled. “I’m giving you three seconds to let me go Ben Solo or I swear to the Light-” His grip on your arm loosened, but he still held onto it. “I know that if I apologised now, you wouldn’t believe me,” he started, “I don’t think you’d even listen to me.” That was when you pulled your arm away. You steeled yourself as you looked straight into Ben’s eyes. “You’re right.” Ben called out your name when you took two steps away from him. “I’m sorry for everything that I’ve done and everything I put you through. I shouldn’t have done what I did, and I don’t expect you to ever forgive me, but please listen to me.” You looked down to the file of notes in your hand. Absentmindedly you flicked through the pages in your hand and avoided Ben’s eyes. “I don’t hear Snoke’s voice anymore,” Ben started, shuffling on his feet. Your hold on the files in your hand tightens slightly but you keep your eyes trained on the ground. “Something is still there – a lingering whisper, but I don’t listen to it anymore, (Y/N).” You swallowed. “And what am I meant to do now? Suddenly excuse you from everything you’ve done and let you back into my life?” The back of your eyes began to sting at unshed tears. You tried to blink them away, but one fell down your cheek. “How exactly am I meant to do that, Ben?” You looked up to him. He was in the same state as you were – he was crying, his eyes were red rimmed and he had tear-tracks down his face. He sucked in a shaking breath. “I don’t know.” You shook your head. Ben said your name softly. It sounded louder than it did in the silence of the living room. “Please.” It sounded so desperate, but you fought it. He abandoned you. Look at all the Hell he’s caused. He left you. He left you. You shook away the voices in the back of your mind. I know , you answered them. You began to walk back to your bedroom, running a hand through your hair. “Just get out Ben, please,” you said tiredly. You didn’t hear his footsteps. Looking over your shoulder, you saw him standing in the middle of the room frozen. “I love you,” he said gently. He took a few steps towards you. Your arm itched – you wanted to raise it, tell him to stop and leave, but you didn’t. You couldn’t. “I’m so sorry,” Ben pressed, “for everything I put you through. I’d hate me too if I was in your position.” “And what position would that be?” Ben stood in front of you. Even being a head taller than you, you didn’t fear him. You never did. His shoulders were slumped and he just looked tired. Almost as tired as you. “You’re in love with an idiot.” You paused for a moment. “Yeah I am,” you mumbled. Ben carefully raised his hand and ran his fingers over your jaw and down to your neck. You held back the shiver at the contact. “Ben-” “-Tell me that I’m wrong, or that you don’t love me, and I’ll leave. I’ll leave you alone for however long you like – a week, a month, a year, forever. Just tell me.” Ben’s fingers trailed down your neck to your collarbone. You put on hand to his cheek. His skin was warm – the familiar warmth that had helped you sleep for nights before both of your lives went to Hell. You swallowed the lump in your throat. “I love you,” you said simply before leaning up on your toes to kiss him. An arm went around your waist and a hand cupped your neck. Ben pulled away but kept your lips close. “I can stay then?” he asked carefully. You tangled a hand in the hair at the back of his head. Combing his hair gently – you knew it calmed him – you smiled slightly. “Stay with me.” Ben began to come on meetings with you. Leia had thrown her arms around Ben when you took him back to D’Qar a year ago. You stood to the side and let the moment happen – yes, you grew up with this family, but you weren’t bound by blood. That moment had been for Ben and Leia. No one talked about Han. You had heard Ben apologising over and over again to Leia during the night, when he thought you were sleeping, but no one every spoke of him. When the anniversary of his death came around, everyone continued on with their days. Leia went for a walk for an hour and came back with red eyes, but her head held high. You admired her for it. Ben was there for the birth of your son. You were on Utapau at the time, both being representatives of the General. The contractions started that morning when you were floating around your shared hotel room fetching files, folders and everything in between. Ben had watched you with your daughter in his arms. He wore that worried look you knew him so well for. “Is everything alright?” he had asked. You had nodded simply and waved him away muttering everything was fine, and regretted it already. Now you lay back against the hospital bed, exhausted to the bone and waving away flustered Utapau doctors that were more concerned about you than your newborn son. Your daughter’s birth had been a simple one. You were in and out with no hassle. Your son didn’t want to work that way. Ben had stayed for the entire day, letting you crush his hand in yours with every wave of pain. You shared holding your son between you both. He was tiny. Since having your daughter, you had forgotten how small and fragile a baby could be. Every so often you looked across to Ben. You giggled softly at the look of utter adoration on his face. He wasn’t there for your daughter, but he was here for this. She was eventually led in by Ben, with her small hand gripped in his. “Be gentle with Mama and the baby, okay?” he whispered to her. True to her word, your daughter was still and silent when Ben had lifted her onto the bed. “He’s tiny,” she whispered. Ben’s smile only grew. He reached out to stroke the soft skin on your son’s head, marvelling at the fluffy hair he had scattered on his head. Ben took your son from you when sleep eventually came for you and tugged you under. When you woke up, he was still there – still looking at the baby in his arms with utter marvel. He bounced the baby slightly when he began to whimper slightly. “Momma is sleeping, little one,” he whispered. You watched him through half-lidden eyes, trying to stave of going back to sleep. You reached out with one hand. “Give him here, love,” you said quietly. Ben smiled. He got up from his chair beside you to sit on the edge of your bed. Holding onto your son with one arm, he wrapped his other around you and pressed a kiss to your temple. “I don’t think I’ll ever let him go,” he smirked against your skin. You pretended that you never saw it, but Ben would talk to himself when he was with your son. As much as you hated it, the thought flickered across your mind that Snoke was back – the shadow in his mind was growing again, coming to take him from you and your family, and grabbing your son in the process. You hated thinking it, but you’d be lying if you said that the thought wasn’t there. When you listened to him one night, you figured out what he was doing. Your son had woken up during the night at an early hour, and Ben had gone to comfort him. With delegations with senators across the galaxy and the pressure of keeping them on your side, you were thankful that Ben gave you this one favour – letting you sleep. His absence on the bed was enough to wake you and walk through your quarters to find him. Out in the living room, he stood to the window looking out on the city below. Your son was nestled quietly in his arms, being rocked gently. He gave the faintest of whimpers and gurgles, but Ben hushed him back to sleep. The city outside wasn’t overly lit, just a soft glow that seeped into the dark room. You leaned against the frame of the door and listened to what Ben said. “I want to be there for you,” he said lowly. He gently swayed from foot to foot, rocking your son off the sleep again. You knew it wouldn’t do much good – once that boy was awake, nothing could get him back into sleep. Ben continued. “I know sometimes you won’t want me to, but I will. I promise. I promised your mother once that I would be there for her, but I lied. I don’t deserve her, and I don’t deserve you or your sister. I don’t deserve any of this.” You clenched your jaw. Fighting off the urge to walk up to Ben and break the scene, you planted your feet to the ground and listened. “Getting back here wasn’t easy, little man, I’ll tell you that. I did things I’m not proud of – you’ll hear stories about me and what I’ve done. I want you to understand that I’m truly sorry now. For your sake and your sister’s, I’m so sorry.” Your eyelids fell shut as you quelled the urge to call out to Ben. The man had nightmares, and had them ever since he came back to you. He probably had them during the time he spent in the First Order. Kriffing Hell, they were probably worse then. He had you now – the one who would hold him when he came screaming and crying out of them. “I want to do what’s best for you, so does your mother,” Ben said quietly, almost too quiet for you to hear, “I hope you understand that.” You pushed off from the frame of the door. “He will.” Ben looked over to you and smiled softly. “He’ll understand,” you continued, striding out into the living room of your home. You held out your arms and Ben placed your son into them. You rocked your son gently when he began to stir at the movement. “You’ll be good to him.” Ben watched you carefully before he nodded. “If you’re worried about being a father to him-” Ben shook his head. “I’ll always worry about that, love. I don’t think I’ll ever stop worrying about that. I worry for what he’ll think when the stories come out.” You reached to brush some of Ben’s hair out of his face. You cradled his cheek with the palm of your hand. “I’ll make sure he knows the truth, then.” You caught Ben’s chin and lowered his head to make his eyes lock with yours. “If I managed to convince senators, he’ll be easy.” Ben smiled and kissed you chastely. “I hope so.” “I know so,” you hummed. In your arms, your son began to stir again. You pulled away some the blanket that was wrapped around him and rocked him in your arms. Ben’s hands went to your arms, and helped you cradle the baby. One of his arms went around your waist and pulled you into him. “I love you more that you even know, love.” You smiled. “I love you more.” Notes: Just added to the angst :) Comments and Kudos welcomed, as are the ideas that you wonderful people are sending in :D Chapter 19 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Princess (General Rating) Summary: A short little thing about Poe meeting his daughter after coming home from a mission. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “How long have you known?” “A month, or so.” “Love, you should have told me.” “I asked the General a month ago-” “-No-” “-I begged her to send you home.” “You should have told me.” The conversation ran through your head as you rested against your arm on the couch. Caleb was on the floor in front of you paying with his Wookie toy, while your daughter crawled around the room. The quarters married couples and families shared weren’t huge, but they had enough space for children to play in. That was enough. Your daughter eventually crawled over to Caleb, who gladly gave her the Wookie plush toy when she made a grabbing hand for it. You smiled to yourself at the sight. You knew people in the base that had multiple children, and they constantly fought. Yours never did. Silently, you and Poe were thankful for it. Your daughter hugged the Wookie toy to herself and squealed as she rolled around on the floor. “Mama,” Caleb looked over to you, “when is Papa home?” You ran a hand through your hair. “I don’t know, pigeon; soon, hopefully.” Caleb nodded and went back to playing with his toys. You didn’t miss the small sad frown that appeared on his face. Poe was gone for almost a month now. He had missed the birth of your daughter. Caleb asked for him every day. The smell of him in the sheets of your bed was slowly going away, and you needed it to keep sane. You looked to the digital clock in the wall and sighed. “It’s late pigeon, start getting ready for bed.” Caleb looked up to you again. “Can I stay with you, Mama?” You got up from the couch and picked up your daughter. She still held the Wookie toy to her chest as she sucked on her thumb. “Of course you can, pigeon,” you replied, nodding to his own room, “but start getting ready while I put this one away.” When you were eventually settled, Caleb was cuddled up next to you with his mop of back curls hiding his face. You ran your hands through them as you hummed the lullaby Poe usually sang. “He’ll be home soon?” Caleb asked sleepily. His eyelids were already flickering shut and his body began to relax into the bed. You nodded. “I hope so pigeon.” Poe came home a week later. Caleb ran out the door of your quarters when the comm came through from the General. You cradled Shara in your arms as you called after him. You heard Caleb say “Papa!” and then heard his laughter in the hallway. You strode out into the hallway and froze. Poe was there, letting Caleb crawl his way onto his shoulders. His arms wrapped around Poe’s neck and his legs around his waist as he giggled into his shoulder. “We’re going to have to stop doing this every time I get home, buddy,” Poe laughed, “you’re getting heavy.” Poe’s eyes flickered over to you. His smiled dropped when he noticed Shara in your arms. You gave him a small smile. His mouth hung open, and then he shut it. “Come over here and meet your daughter, Commander,” you said gently. No one was in the hallway – thankfully – so no one was there to see their commander pretty much stumble forward. Caleb on his back stayed quiet, only wearing a broad smile. He pointed to Shara in your arms and giggled into Poe’s neck. “Baby, Papa.” “Yes, Pigeon,” Poe laughed breathlessly. He looked up to you with wide eyes. You held out Shara and Poe took her into his arms. Caleb was watching from over Poe’s shoulder with fascination. He adored his little sister – sibling love that wouldn’t last once they were older children, and then come back for the rest of their lives. You didn’t have siblings, neither did Poe. “She’s beautiful,” Poe said gently. He looked up to you with wide eyes. “She’s perfect.” Your smile only grew. “Little Shara,” Poe cooed, bringing the girl up to his face to rub his nose against hers. Her eyes flickered open and gave a bright smile. “My beautiful princess.” You looked over Poe’s shoulder to the pilots that were filing in with their families. You gave him a nod to your quarters. “Come on,” you led him inside. You peeled Caleb off of his back and let him run around your quarters. “I’ve missed you.” Poe hummed and put his hand on the small of your back. “I missed you more,” he hummed and kissed your lips. Shara squirmed between the two of you. “Beautiful little Shara,” Poe smiled down at her. She looked so much like Poe, it was astonishing. She had his dark curls, the same as Caleb did when he was little, and dark brown eyes. As Caleb was getting older, he was starting to look more like you with the same facial features starting to peak through the wearing down of baby-fat. You hoped that Shara would end up looking like her Papa. The General had already said to you that she looked like her grandmother – a beautiful woman who Leia was fond of. She had shown you pictures of her and you were stunned. She looked like Poe, and was a very beautiful woman who according to the General would have adored you. Caleb came racing around the corner with a book in his hands. He almost ran into Poe’s legs as he clutched the bottoms of his flightsuit. “Papa!” he jumped. You took Shara from Poe and let her rest against your chest. Poe took the book from Caleb and was led into the living room. You looked down to Shara whose eyes were blinking open. She gave a silent wide yawn before settling into your chest to slip back into sleep. “That’s your Papa, dove,” you whispered, gently rocking her. Caleb called you to join him and Poe in the living room. You sat down beside Poe who had Caleb cradled against his other side. He read with the boy, sounding out the words thee boy didn’t know. Your head fell against his shoulder and you sighed happily. Shara wiggled in her blanket but settled quietly and yawned again. You felt Poe press a kiss to your forehead. Poe continued to read to Caleb a children’s story about a Wookie – his one wish since Poe had begun teaching him how to read. You slowly began to drift off to sleep, eventually woken up by Poe shaking you gently. “Go to bed, love,” he told you gently. Shara was in his arms, and you sleepily nodded. You turned your head into his neck and kissed the skin there. “Come with me?” Poe laughed. “I’ll be there in a minute,” he said softly, “let me put the kids to bed.” You hummed and slowly dragged yourself from your living room to your bed. Poe eventually joined you, softly running his fingers through your hair as you clung to his side. It always helped with the panic. The panic always came after Poe had returned – when you knew he was alive, here with you, alive. Alive . It was silly, and you knew it. You worried when he was with you again, and not in the weeks he would be gone. You couldn’t explain it, but with every flight he took you learned how to deal with it. You both wrapped your arms around each other and held on to each other. You almost crushed him as the tears came. Your hold on him tightened as you assured yourself he was here and okay. His voice filtered through the nattering going on in your own mind. “You’re so strong, love,” Poe comforted you. He was rubbing the small of your back. When the tears and white-blinding panic left, you were exhausted. Poe was still muttering to you. “You gave birth all by yourself. You brought her into this world by yourself. You’re so strong.” Slowly sleep pulled you down into darkness, with Poe’s voice being the last thing you heard. He was here again. You had a son and a daughter. Everything was alright. You slipped off to sleep knowing that for a certainty. Notes: First few lines are a blatant reference to Hamilton's "That Would be Enough". Not even sorry. Remember when I said I had songs from Hamilton matched up with TFA...it's still there. Chapter 20 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Footsteps (General Rating) Summary: The Reader and Poe watch Shara take her first steps. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You spent a lot of time with your children. Poe was off on recon missions most of the time, so it wasn’t really his fault that he wasn’t around. The General needed him more than you did, you supposed. You understood that when you married him. His arm tightened around your waist as you lay in for the morning. It’s one of the rare days you have off together, and while you had woken up a while ago, you were happy to lie in bed for a while longer. “I can hear the kids in the other room,” Poe mumbled against the back of your neck. You had one of his hands in yours. Pulling his arm tighter around your waist, you snuggled back into his chest. “We’ll be attacked soon.” “Then you should really get a lock to put on that door,” you replied. You felt Poe smile against your neck and he turned your head around to kiss your lips. You had barely touched your hand to Poe’s cheek to deepen the kiss when a four year old missile landed on the bed between you. You pulled away, kissing Poe’s nose chastely, before raising an eyebrow at the boy giggling on the bed. “Pigeon, why are you awake this early?” Caleb’s smile only grew and he crawled into the space between you and Poe. “You didn’t think of bringing your sister, did you?” you heard Poe say tiredly, half-muffled by his pillow. Caleb’s eyebrows drew together before he launched himself off of the bed and scampered into the other room. You felt Poe’s fingers entangle in yours as he pulled you down for a soft kiss. You hummed against his lips. “One of these days, we’ll have to leave them with someone.” Poe ran his fingers through your hair and chuckled. “I was thinking the same thing.” Caleb eventually returned with Shara in his arms. While he settled back in between you and Poe, Shara crawled into your arms and nestled into your shoulder. You needed more mornings and moments like this. Neither you nor Poe cared about having to get up to go to a drill or a test flight around the planet, or having to have meetings with the General. If you got more quiet moments to yourselves, you’d be the happiest person in the galaxy. Caleb squirmed when Poe wrapped his arms around the small boy. He giggled and fought his way out of his father’s grip, eventually hopping onto his chest with a huff. “You need to stop with the attacks, buddy,” Poe laughed and tried to catch his breath, “you’re getting big and your Pop is getting old.” The rest of the morning went by lazily as Poe fell back to sleep, as did Caleb which was a small miracle in itself. You heaved Shara into your arms and got out of bed for something to eat. After getting Shara a cup of mushed food, you settled down on the ground of your living room and let her crawl around on the floor in front of you. While Poe was gone, you had sent him holos of her learning to grab hold of the couch and using it to shuffle her way around the room. She still wasn’t sure-footed enough to make those steps by herself, but she was getting around the age where Caleb learned to walk. They both said their first word at the same age, so you presumed walking would be the same. You had grabbed your computer-tablet from the kitchen and propped it against your legs to start working on a report for the General. Just out of the corner of your eye you could see Shara rolling around on the ground with her toys, so you knew she was safe. You let you fingers type away easily, noting down your findings of the hangar and how well it was working now that it was better equipped with more staff. As you typed, your quarters slowly came to life as Shara crawled her way over to you and grappled against the side of the couch to balance herself on her wobbling legs. Poe eventually got up. He strode into the living room with Caleb hanging from his shoulders. You looked up from your report and gave him a warm smile. His hair was all over the place, as was Caleb, and the way they were both laughing, they looked exactly alike. Shara fell into your side when her legs went out from underneath her. You caught her with one arm and hoisted her back up. You took one look at her frowned face before you said softly, “Don’t cry little dove: you’ll get the hang of it.” Poe strode back into the living room. He looked to Shara and then to you. “She stumbled,” you explained, raising your eyebrows slightly in that way that said please don’t make a big deal out of it or she’ll start crying . Poe smiled and walked over to sit down in front of you and Shara. He opened out his arms. “Come here, little dove,” he called Shara. The girl stumbled over to lean against your chest, wobbling on her legs as you held her up with your arms. She gave a short giggle at her Pa cooing at her, waving her towards him, and looked over to her. “Go on,” you gave her a gently nudge. She made a sound in the back of her throat, but slowly staggered forward on uneasy footsteps. You held her lightly, just making sure she didn’t tumble to the ground. Poe eventually looked over to you when you had to strain away from the couch to keep holding her. “Let her go, love,” Poe waved a hand at you, “she can do it herself.” You frowned, but let your hands fall away from Shara’s arms. She staggered back a few small steps before waving her arms back and forth to gain her balance. “You’re doing so well, little dove,” Poe smiled. He waved his hands towards him again. “Come here.” You watched your daughter wobble uneasily for a moment before another foot went in front of another and she stumbled into Poe’s waiting arms. Both you and Poe laughed breathlessly as Shara gave a squeal. “Well done pigeon,” Poe laughed as he fell back onto his back with Shara in his arms. You watched the two of them with a warm smile. Poe lifted her off his chest slightly holding her above him. Shara giggled and wormed around in Poe’s arms, flailing her arms and legs. You looked up to see Caleb standing at the doorway of the kitchen. You held open your arms and Caleb ran into them and settled in your lap, leaning against your chest. Poe sat back up and held Shara up on her feet. She still wobbled, but Poe held her upright. Caleb looked up to you. “Mama?” You carded your fingers through Caleb’s hair. “Yes pigeon?” He pointed over to Poe and Shara and then looked up to you again with a frown. “Shara is walking, pigeon,” you told him softly, “Papa is just very proud of her.” Caleb nodded and looked down into his hands. You hugged him tighter to your chest. “We love you just as much, pigeon. We always have. Do you understand?” He nodded again. Poe was too enamoured with Shara to notice what was going on. You stood up from the floor and picked Caleb up. You both went out into the kitchen. You put him sitting on the table and stood in front of him. Caleb still looked to his hands that were held together in front of him. Sometimes he would get like this when both your and Poe’s eyes would look in Shara’s direction. Your children never fought, but there was jealousy. “Papa is playing with Shara and not with me,” you heard Caleb mumble. You leaned down slightly to look him in the eyes. They were red rimmed. “Shara is learning how to walk, sweetling,” you told him softly, mindful that your daughter and Poe were in the next room. You could still hear Poe talking to her, but the man had a bat’s hearing, so you kept your voice low. You hooked your finger under Caleb’s wobbling chin and lifted his head up so that he could look at you. “Do you remember when you said your first word, or when you started running around the base when you learned how to walk?” Caleb was silent for a while before he shrugged his shoulder. “Kinda.” You gave him a soft smile. “When you learnt that stuff, your Papa was so proud of you. He wouldn’t stop talking about it for days. Papa’s friends came to me and said it was very annoying, how much he was gushing about you.” That got a small smile out of Caleb. You smiled a bit brighter and continued. “It’s Shara’s turn now. She’s old enough now that these things are happening. Papa and I will be very proud of her too, just like we were with you, but you need to know that we still love you too.” Caleb looked down at his hands. “Do you understand?” Caleb nodded. You heard Shara squeal happily from the next room. You held your arms out for Caleb and he happily climbed into them. You settled him on your hip and pressed a kiss to his temple. “My special pigeon, I love you so much,” you muttered against his skin, kissing the top of his head. Caleb wrapped his arms around your neck and rested against your shoulder. You walked the both of you back to the living room. You smiled when you saw the scene playing out on the living room floor – Shara was beginning to take better steps, slightly more solid and less wobbly as she walked away from Poe, fell onto her knees, stood back up and wandered back to him. Caleb’s arms tightened around your neck and you hugged him closer to you. Poe looked up from the floor and gave you a smile. You raised your eyebrow and tilted your head slightly towards Caleb – the look you usually gave him when something was wrong. He understood immediately and held his arms out. “Come here pigeon,” he smiled. You handed Caleb over to Poe. You could see the boy starting to smile again as he settled in Poe’s lap and started playing with Shara who wandered back over to them. You sat down on the floor and crossed your legs. The scene in front of you was all you needed in life – your husband with your two kids happily smiling and laughing, not a problem between all of you. If it could stay like this, you’d be in heaven. You knew there were problems to come, that was unavoidable. But you had managed to get over them before. You knew you would be able to do it again. You had help in the form of Poe. You had to do everything for your children. You smiled to yourself. Notes: I'm so sorry for the delay! 1) Writer's Block that only went away this morning 2) My birthday was on Saturday (I somehow survived 2 decades of my life...) so I had people come over to my house from all parts of Ireland, stay the night, and then go home on Sunday. The stress of the planning is still in my bones 3) Work-placement is a little bitch 4) I've been writing more of my actual novel, which is slightly more important to me, but now that I have the creative mojo back, I'll be here a lot more :L Send me prompts and I'll get about doing them :) Thanking you all in advance Chapter 21 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Best of Wives and Best of Women (General Rating) Summary: Poe is declared MIA, and the Reader deals with it. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You knew there was something wrong when the General came to your quarters. You were on the couch with Shara, letting the little girl climb around on you. Caleb had been just as energetic, but at least the boy slept. You thanked the Light Shara wasn’t old enough to walk yet. You’d never be able to catch her. You knew the General was here when Caleb sprinted past you. “Grandma!” Caleb crashed into the General’s legs and wrapped his arms tight around her. She gave the boy a warm smile before shepherding him back into your quarters. Shara let out a squeal when she saw the General and you hoisted her into your arms when you stood up from the couch. “Look at how big you’ve gotten!” the General marvelled at Caleb. You smiled from inside of your quarters, trying to hold onto a squirming Shara who wanted to be held by the General. When she looked up to you, you could see something in her eyes. It was small, but you knew it was there. Being a daughter-figure to her since joining the Resistance, you knew what to look for. You cleared your throat. “Pigeon, why don’t you take your sister inside and play?” Caleb begrudging let go of the General, luring a promise out of the woman to come and see her new toys that Finn and Rey had gotten them a few months ago. You handed Shara to him – he was big enough to start carrying the baby and had a stable grip. You ruffled his hair as he went past, and turned back to the General once you knew they were both out of earshot. “You do this thing with your face when you have bad news,” you pointed out. You drew your finger along your own temple. “It tenses up.” The General offered you a soft smile. “Shame. I used to be so good at poker.” You both eventually ended up on your couch. The General had sighed and taken long pauses since coming into your home, and it was starting to get annoying. “I suppose this isn’t a social visit,” you said lowly. The General shook her head. You pressed on, “Do I have to guess what this visit is about or will you eventually tell me?” You kept your voice low as you heard the giggling and chatting of your children in the next room. Every minute or so you would look in the direction of the door, making sure they weren’t standing there or listening in. Those children were made to be spies of some sort – they were as silent as the grave. The General took a deep breath before facing you. “I wanted to keep this from you only because I didn’t know if it had any truth to it. It’s been a few days, but I thought he turned it off to sneak into the First Order base.” You tensed up and your blood ran cold. The thumping of your heart in your chest went into overdrive. “Poe?” you managed to get out. The General nodded stiffly. “He’s not on our radar anymore.” There were only two ways to get off the radar when in an X-Wing. From your own time flying with the squads, you knew a way to manually turn it off. That was the preferred way. The other reason that someone was off the radar is if they were dead. The General took your hand in hers. “I’m doing everything in my power to find out what happened.” You didn’t hear most of what she was saying. Blood was pulsing through your ears, and blind panic settled deep in your mind. Poe was gone. Poe could potentially be dead. The children. You let out a gasp. Within a second you felt encased in the General’s arms and pulled down to rest against her shoulder. She comforted you when the tears eventually came, running her fingers through your hair and rubbing your back. “I’ll find him for you,” you heard her say after the panic subsided. All there was inside was emptiness. You never felt like this before. When Poe had gotten injured or hurt on missions, you felt fear and panic, but this was so much worse. During the night, you heard footsteps come into your room. You lifted your head off of your pillow and saw Caleb standing there. “What’s wrong pigeon?” you said as you checked the clock on the wall. 3 am. He looked down to his feet. “I miss Papa.” Your heart began to ache again. The General left to go to a meeting, and the tears returned. You were tired and out of tears at this point, and lifted up the sheets. “Get in,” you said softly. Caleb launched himself into the bed beside you. You got out for a minute, just to gather Shara. You were used to having Caleb come in during the night because of nightmares or just having separation anxiety; but Shara always complained when she wasn’t invited. You picked up the year old girl and rocked her against you when she began to stir. Caleb settled by your side when you eventually went back to bed. Shara was against your shoulder, clutching lightly onto the fabric of your shirt. You looked down at both of your children, and winced when the heartache started to return. “Please be alive,” you whispered, and prayed to Light that he would find his way home. Explaining to Caleb and Shara that Papa wasn’t coming home for a while physically hurt you. Shara was too young to understand, and went back to playing with her toys and rolling around on the floor within the minute. What destroyed you inside was Caleb’s face. He frowned and went silent for a minute, before looking up to you. “Where’s Papa, then?” You were sitting on the ground with your kids. Caleb was crossed legged in front of you with his hands fiddling with the leg of his track-pants – a nervous tick he picked up from Poe. When he looked up to you, his curls were hanging down onto his eyes and you could barely see the tears that were welling up. “I don’t know pigeon,” you said softly. Caleb crawled his way into your arms. You rocked him gently when his arms went around your neck. Caleb never had to be cradled, only when he was majorly upset. You could see it in his face that this was one of those times. You leaned against the couch as you let your legs spread in front of you on the floor. Looking over to Shara, you wished for her blissful ignorance of what was going on. She was just too young to understand what was happening. Truthfully, Caleb was young too, but a smart kid. He didn’t cry. He just stayed silent as he hugged you for the better part of an hour. You had carded your fingers through his dark curls and sang softly to him. Eventually Shara came crawling over, noticing that Caleb was getting more affection. “My little dove,” you said as you picked her up to cradle beside your son. Both of them slept most nights with you. When you had eventually put them into their own beds, you weren’t surprised to find them crawling into your bed. If Poe were here, you would have put them back to their own bed. But he wasn’t. You simply made space for them and let them fall asleep. You had just dropped the kids off with Finn when you got the message. Racing through the halls of the base, you swerved around corners and people until you were out on the landing strip looking frantically for the ship. The Falcon was here. You stumbled forward and gasped in a breath when you caught a glimpse of Poe. He was being lifted onto a stretcher and carted off into the medical wing. You struggled to keep up with the group of medics, but kept them in your sight as they eventually went through the main doors of the medical wing. You paused at the door and started to wring your hands together. Through the windows on the doors you could see the medical team flood around Poe, some of them falling away to get IV lines and other machines. The medics were lovely people – they had patched you up more times that you could imagine. They were pretty territorial about who came into their ward, though. They probably wouldn’t say anything to you coming in – they knew you and Poe were married, and they hadn’t opposed to the last number of times you both waited at each other’s beside, but you didn’t push it. You watched the medics circle Poe from outside the ward. You couldn’t see much, but you watched anyways. Minutes seemed to tick on into hours as you shifted your weight from foot to foot. You suddenly felt a hand on your shoulder. The General was standing to your side. You almost wanted to throw your arms around him. “You brought him home,” you said shakily. The General’s hand remained on your shoulder. She gave it a slight squeeze. “He’s not out of the woods yet,” she explained. She nodded towards the ward’s doors. “Tell the medics you have my permission to be in there.” “Thank you Leia,” you managed to get out. She hugged you tightly and disappeared back down the corridor towards the main command room. Finn, Light bless his soul, agreed to let the children stay with him. Jess and Rey eventually helped out, playing with them and letting them run around their own quarters. You thanked each of them before taking up a position beside Poe’s hospital bed. The constant beep of the heart monitor kept you at ease – he was alive. Worse for wear, but alive. The medics had told you that he had broken bones, bruising and cuts, and smoke inhalation from his X-Wing being crashed, but you held onto his hand. He was alive. Every so often a nurse would come in and take readings. She would always give you a soft smile as she passed. “I see you here more often than in the hangar,” she laughed gently. You huffed a laugh. “It comes with the job.” She took her readings and replaced an IV bag. You watched him throughout the night. Every once in a while, his eyes would flicker and his fingers would twitch beside yours, but he stayed asleep. He was here, that’s what you told yourself as the night droned on. He was here and alive. Your eyes were still locked on his sleeping form though. His eyes would flicker beneath his eyelids, and his mouth gave the faintest twitches, but no matter how many times you got out of your chair ot lean forward, he stayed under. The next morning, you heard the medical door slowly creak open. Looking over your shoulder you saw Finn and Rey with your children in their arms. “They kept saying they wanted to see him,” Finn explained. Rey already strode into medical with a sleepy Shara in her arms, but Finn hung around by the door as if waiting to be invited in. The corners of his mouth were pulled downwards. “I didn’t know if you wanted them here yet but-” “-It’s fine Finn,” you gave him a small smile. He walked into the medical with Caleb in his arms. The boy was wiggling about, trying to look past the shields around the beds and into where Poe was. You thanked him as you took Caleb from him and settled him on the ground in front of her. You took Shara from Rey and sat her on your lap. Both Rey and Finn slowly slipped out of the room. Caleb raised himself onto his toes to get a better look at Poe. You bounced Shara lightly on your knee and watched Caleb carefully. “Papa?” you heard Caleb say softly. It broke your heart. As you rocked Shara gently, Caleb kept his own vigil beside Poe’s side. Every once in a while he would look over his shoulder to you, and ask when was Papa going to wake up. You kept answering that you didn’t know, and the exchange would happen again an hour later. The General eventually joined you. You were too tired to notice the door opening, but you knew she was there when she stood beside your chair. “The medics say he’s fine,” you told her, “he should be waking up.” You felt the General’s eyes wander over to you. “He’s not waking up though,” you finished. The General sighed. “These things take time. We don’t know what he’s dealt with while out there.” You knew she was right. Poe was found adrift in space, barely clinging to life when the Falcon found him. You felt the General put her hand on your shoulder. It was just enough warmth in her touch to ground you. “I’ll make sure he’s well taken care of,” she promised you. You held onto the promise as you kept watch at Poe’s bedside. Eventually you let the children go with Finn and Rey when bedtime came around. Caleb fought tooth and nail to stay by his father’s side, but you could see his eyelids drooping every so often, so you sent them both away for bed. You waited by Poe’s side though. Lifting your legs underneath you, you leaned back against the chair and settled into a light sleep. You reached out for Poe’s hand and laced his fingers in yours while you started to nod off. “Please wake up, you idiot,” you whispered underneath your breath as sleep slowly crept in for you. Just as you were dragged away, you felt the fingers coiled with yours tighten slightly. You were too tired to open your eyes to check if Poe was awake. You squeezed your hand back, mindful of the IV line in the top of his hand, but slowly fell into sleep. Notes: I will go back to writing about the Reader and Poe without kids, before they're married too. I just need time to get around to it. I have literally no time. Chapter 22 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Nightmare Worlds (General Rating) Nightmares were part of the job. Being a pilot for so many years left you with memories you really wished you could pull out of your head and throw them into the vacuum of space. You leaned against the back of your bed, breathing in slowly through your nose and out through your mouth. Your hands were gripping the bedsheet gathered around your waist, kneading the fabric between your fingers. There was a knock on your door that you barely registered. What you did see was Poe’s head poke around your door to look at you in your bed. His hair was messy and his eyes just screamed tiredness, but he was up and alert as he slowly walked into your room. He waved his hand to your bed. “Do you want me to stay?” he asked quietly. You shuffled to the side of your bed, nodding your head to the free space. You were still silent, using the breathing techniques the General had thought you all those years ago to deal with nightmares. Poe slowly slid into the bed beside you. He didn’t go underneath the sheets, but sat on top of the sheets and leaned against the back of your bed. “Do you want to talk about it?” you heard him say. You shook your head. You heard him mutter an okay and you two sat in mutual silence. After a minute you leaned your head against Poe’s shoulder. You felt him huff a laugh and rest his own head atop of yours. “You died,” you said lowly. Your fingers tightened in the sheets around your waist. Poe’s arm went around your shoulder, pulling you into his side. You fell into him without much of a fuss, just closing your eyes to welcome the warmth that came from his body. The warmth that grounded you to the present. He was here and alive. Poe rubbed your shoulder and your arm. It was just enough contact between the two of you for you to slowly calm down. He was humming a tune you’ve heard before – you think it was an old lullaby his mother used to sing to him. You eventually stopped shaking. The small tremors still remained in your fingers as you slowly pulled them away from your sheets, but you wrapped your arms around Poe. His arm around your shoulders went to your back, pulling you into his chest. You nuzzled your head into his neck. “You died,” you repeated. You held onto him as tightly as you could, but you didn’t cry. Your bedclothes were sticking to your skin from sweat, but you didn’t care. The way Poe was holding you tightly to his own body told you that he didn’t care either. “I’m okay, love,” Poe told you continuously for at least an hour. The blind panic that usually came after a nightmare had long ebbed away, and now you just held onto Poe as tightly as you could. Eventually your arms loosened. “Do you want to talk about it?” Poe mumbled. You frowned. “I did – you died Poe.” You felt him draw in a breath. “Do you want to elaborate?” “What would be the point?” you asked sharply. You looked up to him. “Why do you want to know how you died?” As soon as the words were out you winced. Poe’s face remained neutral. “I’m sorry,” you sighed, pressing your head into his neck. Poe’s hand rubbed your back. “It’s alright. I just thought you might want to talk through it.” Normally, you would. Once you spent the whole night talking with Poe about a nightmare you had, only stopping when you realised it was morning and you both had shifts to do. You knew Poe was only doing what you would have wanted anyways. Right now though, you didn’t feel like it. You have had worse nightmares – you had ones that seemed so real that when you woke up, you were inconsolable. “I shouldn’t snap at you, though,” you replied lowly. You shuffled on the bed enough so that you could fling an arm across his middle and tug yourself to his side. You sighed. “You’re the only thing holding me ot the ground.” “A pilot is the one grounding you,” Poe raised his eyebrow at you, smirking slightly, “how ironic.” You smacked his chest lightly. “I’m trying to be sweet and you’re ruining it.” “That’s what you get when you get into a relationship with me.” “Jerk.” “A handsome jerk.” You giggled into his neck. Peering up at him, you could see his eyes crinkling as he smiled brightly at you. He continued to rub your back. “Feeling better?” A minute went by before you nodded your head. Your arm tightened around his chest. “Stay with me?” Poe settled down on the bed. You chuckled. “Get under the sheets, you idiot,” you smiled at him. Poe only shook his head and let you nestle in beside him. “You’re the one that needs to be looked after,” he said quietly, “I have a shift in a few hours anyways. I won’t go back to sleep.” “But-” “-Go to sleep, love.” Poe pressed a kiss to your temple and let you get as close as you could to his side. Sleep eventually came back for you – a first whenever you had a nightmare. Normally when Poe would come over and help you through it, you would never fall back to sleep. Sometimes you were too scared to, other times you and Poe would spend the entire night talking. You loved the moment that settled around you now though. The one where you could switch off and fall into nothing. Your walls wouldn’t need to be put back up. They could stay down. You took a final deep breath before you eventually tumbled back to sleep with Poe’s fingers tracing patterns into your back. “G’night love,” he whispered. Chapter 23 : Ben Solo/Reader and Leia & Reader – What we Could Be (General Rating) Summary: The Reader brings Ben back to Leia. “I told you I would bring him back”, you said quietly. In the General’s quarters, you lounged on one of the long couches, watching her stride around the room in search of drinks for you both. She gathered two glasses of Naboo wine and sat down beside you. “Thank you,” she replied, handing you one of the glasses. “Thank you for bringing him to me.” You sipped at the wine – Naboo was notorious for having strong alcohol. The General leaned back against the couch and let her head hang back. She breathed a long sigh through her nose. “Penny for your thoughts?” you asked apprehensively. The General took a moment before she breathed deeply in again. “It just gets a bit too much sometimes.” You knew what she meant. You were rarely on the base anymore, preferring to travel to places like Naboo and Coruscant to deal with foreign matters. Even then, you knew how much work went into making the base work and how much of an effect it had on the Resistance. There were times where you had so much admiration for the General, so much respect. There were times where you didn’t believe her to be human, what with the amount of work that she put into everything. You understood how much of a toll that would have on a person. You went to put your glass down on the table in front of you. “I can go and leave you to sleep, if you want.” The General frowned and waved her hand. “Nonsense dear, you’re the first person I haven’t had to shout orders at. You’re company is what is getting me through today.” You laughed into your glass and took another sip of wine. The General swirled her own glass, watching the deep crimson liquid whirl around the sides and settle. “You seem happy,” the General said. She looked up to you. “You seem to be happy with Ben.” The look she had given the both of you as you arrived on D’Qar was all you needed to have. It was a mother’s look as her eyes had shifted between the two of you. “There’s always been something between the two of you,” she started slowly and quietly. You watched her over the rim of your glass as you took another sip of wine. She smiled, staring off into the other side of the room as if she were remembering a fond memory. “When you were children, I didn’t think we could ever separate you. There would be times where your parents would have to leave, and you were nowhere to be found.” You smiled at the memory. “I would hide with Ben.” The General gave a bark of a laugh. “One time I found you both in the kitchens, in the store room. Ben had pleaded with me to let you stay until your parents’ delegations were over. You would swear that you were leaving forever.” “When you’re a child, a few months can be a lifetime,” you explained. The General nodded. A silence settled between the two of you in the room – it was a comfortable silence, one where you could let the heat of the room slowly settle between you both as you recalled your own memories of you and Ben as children. They were mostly about the times you would both go out to D’Qar’s main lake and watch the Whisper Birds skate along the water’s edge as they fished. You thought briefly about the time you both had raced around the hangar, weaving between pilots and their X-Wings. The General shifted in her side of the couch. She put her glass on the table and stood up slowly. “I’m going to bed, dear,” she blew out a sigh. You put your own glass beside hers and got to your feet. She watched you from the corner of her eyes and waved her hand. “Stay around if you want. Help yourself to anything in the cabinet.” You thought about it for a second before you shook your head. “No, I should probably be getting back to Ben.” The General left you with another wave of her hand and a muttered good night . You slowly slipped out of her quarters and walked through the base until you were at your own. Not many people were out this late. You came across a few familiar faces of pilots, medics and technicians – all greeting you as you passed them. You slipped into your own quarters and smiled at the sight that greeted you. Ben was already asleep, his back facing you as he slept soundly. The journey to D’Qar had been a long one, mostly filled with you talking to foreign senators through a video link while Ben watched form the other side of the carrier. You shuffled into the room and sat down on the other side of the bed, slowly stretching out your arms and legs. You threw on a loose nightshirt and pants and slipped underneath the sheets. Ben sleepily rolled over and wrapped his arms around you, bringing you into his chest. You went with the movement without much hassle, burying your nose into his neck. Ben hummed above you. “Where were you?” he asked sleepily. Peering up, you could see that his eyes were still shut. You smiled to yourself. “Talking to your mother,” you said quietly, reaching up to run your fingers through his hair. “She’s happy to have you home.” Ben hummed again, but didn’t reply. You rested your head against the pillow and spent a few moments watching him. Ben looked so peaceful when he slept – the only time you could ever see his walls truly down. It was true that he never lashed out in front of you, and that he was the same Ben that you had grown up with, but ever since Snoke had a hand on him, something had been different. It was small. It was something only you ever truly noticed. But something was there. You ran your fingers over his cheek and pecked a chaste kiss there. “G’night, love.” Ben’s arms tightened around your body in reply and you both slowly slipped off to sleep. Chapter 24 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Helpless 2.0 (General/Teenage Rating) Summary: A sort of continuation to the Helpless chapter. It could be read alone though :) Poe and the Reader go for their first date (with no help at all from the other pilots). Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Pilots were simultaneously the best and worst people to be connected with. You sat on the hull of your X-Wing, peering into the pocket to tinker with the engine. It had been making strange noises all week, and Snap had said that the noise was coming through the comm and was very annoying, so could you please fix it (Y/N) please? Thanks babe. Snap and Jessika were on the other side of the hanger with the other pilots. You didn’t need to look over your shoulder to know that. You could hear them from a mile away. Snap was telling one of his stories about the time he downed a hundred TIE fighters without breaking a sweat. You giggled to yourself when you could practically hear Jessika sighing a cut the bullshit . You reached into the engine pocket and pulled out something odd – a piece of metal not attached to anything. You studied it carefully. It was definitely not meant to be there. You shrugged a shoulder and tossed it down onto the cart below you. The pilots all clambered together, each trying to tell their own stories and out-do the other. You looked over your shoulder to the group. Jessika was sitting on her X-Wing’s hull like you with her hand against her head. You laughed to yourself. That woman had too much patience for the boys. You wiped your hands on a rag, getting as much oil and grease as you can out of your skin before your skin started to smell. “Black looks good on you,” a voice said from below your X-Wing. You peered over the side and saw Poe smiling up at you. You frowned. “Black?” Poe pointed a finger to his temple. “You have a smudge of oil there,” he supplied. He got a clean rag from the cart beside him and flung it up to you. “Black really brings out your eyes.” You snorted. “Not only are you the best pilot in the resistance, but you’re the most charming man here?” Poe shrugged his shoulder. “What can I say? People love me.” You hummed. You were both wearing your flightsuits, but with the top of it tied around your waist. Poe was wearing his black tank top, the one which you and Jessika poured over every day when he walked past. You shut the hull of your X-Wing, and hopped down onto the ground. Wiping at your hands again, you looked up to Poe. “I thought you had the day off?” “I do.” You arched an eyebrow. “Then why are you here?” Poe leaned against the hull’s side of your X-Wing and folded his arms. “I wanted to check on my pilots.” You pointed to the other side of the hangar. “Well, there they are.” Poe gave you a lopsided grin. “I wanted to check on you .” You frowned. Tossing the rag into the cart, you put your hands on your hips. “What have I done now?” Poe laughed. “Nothing, nothing at all,” he said. He looked over his shoulder to the group of pilots –who now had moved on to seeing who was strongest by arm-wresting on one of the carts – and then back to you. He ran a hand through his hair. “Do you remember the night we met?” You nodded. “Of course I do. I still have a bounty put on Han for pulling that kind of shit.” Poe snorted. “Well then you wouldn’t have been introduced to me.” “You’re right. What would I have done without you in my life?” “I dread to think about it.” You smiled at him. The boisterous laughter and cheering from the pilots made you shake your head. “They’re impossible,” you said. Poe shrugged. “You get used to them. Snap, he’s a great guy, just a bit on the loud side.” “WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT ME, DAMERON?” Poe winced, and leaned towards you. “He also has a bat’s hearing.” You laughed. Poe looked over his shoulder to Snap. The pilot gestured to the cart. “Do you want a match, Commander? Prove to your lady-friend how strong you are?” You lowered your head and ran your hand through your hair. The pilots laughed even harder. You managed to meet Jessika’s eyes who only rolled her eyes and mouthed an I’m sorry . Poe shook his head. “I’ll take you up on that later, Snap.” Snap took on the next pilot, a man you knew as Wesley. You turned back to Poe who looked just as embarrassed as you did. “They’re really something,” you said. Poe smiled. “A piece of work, maybe.” You hummed. You dug the toe of your boot into the ground and folded your arms around yourself. “What was it you wanted to ask me?” Poe looked lost for a second. “Oh!” he smiled, “I was wondering if you wanted to have that date now?” You tilted your head. “You have a day off too, if I know my pilots’ schedules correctly.” “I do.” Poe shrugged. “I was wondering if you wanted to go somewhere. Just me and you.” You thought about it for a second before you smiled brightly. “I’d love to.” You both changed out of your flightsuits and threw on casual clothes. You had your own jacket, loose shirt, boots and jeans. Poe wore that damn jacket that you loved on him so much. “Do you have any other clothes?” you teased as he joined you out on the main flight strip. Poe feigned a hurt look. “I’ll have you know that something called laundry exists,” he replied. “I can wear this damn jacket as much as I like.” You laughed. You both had grabbed your bags and had them flung over your shoulders. Without the pilots seeing you (you thanked every deity you could think of for that), you headed into the forests that covered most of D’Qar. Honestly, you spent too much time in the base or in the hangar. Poe looked like he knew the forests like the back of his hand as he weaved through trees and upturned roots, only stopping to hold out a hand for you. You had taken it to get over a fallen tree. He had pulled you up and over it easily, but you kept your hand in his. Poe didn’t drop it, or even make a move to. He only looked down to your joined hands – how easily they seemed to fit together – and smiled at you. Through the walk, you both talked about everything and anything. You told him about your parents and how you ended up on the base. You mentioned briefly that you knew Kylo Ren when he was known as just Ben. Poe had fixed you with a raised eyebrow. “Do you have any embarrassing stories of him?” he asked. When you looked confused, he continued, “When I meet him next, I want to say that I know some embarrassing stories.” You huffed a breath. “I do. But let’s not talk about that when we’re together.” “Deal.” The forests were beautiful. Stray beams of light broke through the nest of leaves that made a roof above you. A few golden feathered birds had flown by you. Poe smiled brightly and pointed them out to you. “Whisper birds,” he said, looking upwards. You saw brightness in his eyes. “They’re from my home planet,” he explained. You liked how bright his eyes got. They always got that way whenever he talked about Yavin IV. You looked up to the birds. Their golden feathers caught the stray beams of sunlight and practically glowed. They chirped and cawed and sang as they flutter and glided through the tree tops. “My father hated them,” Poe said. You looked over to him. He wore a lopsided grin. “He said that they were a nuisance. They always ate his plants in our gardens.” You huffed laugh. “Did he know how beautiful they are?” Poe nodded. His hand around yours tightened. “He did. My mother loved them. When she flew in her X-Wing, they flew alongside her. Once she took me out into a valley, and I saw them through the visor.” The more stories you hear about Poe’s parents, the more you fall in love with them. You already knew how much of an impact they had in the Rebellion, but it was the stories that Poe told you, the stories about them as parents, that got to you. Poe led you through the forest until you both stumbled onto a lake. The water was clear, and on its surface a flock of whisper birds skimmed across fishing. You took in the sight. You had lived on D’Qar for a while now, and you didn’t know that these places existed. Poe chuckled to your side. “There are more places like this, but we’d have to fly to get to them.” You shook your head. “This is perfect.” You both sat down on the bank of the lake. The grass was soft as you lay down on your back and looked up to the clear skies. Poe leaned back on his arms and shut his eyes. “Thank you for bringing me here,” you said after a while. The whisper birds along the lake are singing, and it’s loud in the silence of the lake. Poe’s eyes wandered over to you. “It’s my pleasure,” he smiled at you. Poe lay down beside you. The day was warm, and eventually you both shed your jackets and tossed them into a pile beside you. You took a deep breath of the clean air and sighed contently. “A change from our usual scenery.” You giggled. “Yeah. I prefer this over the walls of the hangar.” Poe hummed. “Me too.” You wracked your mind for a moment. Your fingers twitched to your side. “Does anyone else know about this place?” Poe watched you lean on your side, propped up on your arm. You’re kind of leaning against him, and you can feel the heat of his body, but you still keep some distance. “No one,” he replied, “just me and you.” You smiled warmly. You lower your eyes from Poe and look down to your hand where it played with a few blades of grass. Poe sat up and turned towards you. His own hands are twitching, you noticed. “As you know, I’m nothing but a gentleman,” he began. You snorted, but he continued on, “and this is only our first real date, but…um.” Poe ran a hand through his hair. “I really want to kiss you.” You look up to him. “I’ve wanted to for a while, actually. That night we met, when you were telling me about the time you dove from hyper-drive, I fell head-first in love with you.” Something settled in your chest, a tightening feeling that almost seemed to squeeze the air from you. Poe gently reached out and cupped your cheek in his hand. His thumb brushed over your cheekbone. “I’m so in love with you,” he breathed. You let out a breath you didn’t know you were holding. You leaned into Poe’s touch. “I love you too, Poe,” you said softly. Poe smiled. You both stayed like that for what seemed to be minutes, before Poe slowly leaned forward. You waited for the press of lips against yours but it didn’t come. You opened your eyes to see Poe looking down at your lips. “Is this okay? Can I kiss you?” You gave a small nod. “Absolutely,” you breathed. Poe pressed his lips to yours. His hand went to the back of your neck to tilt your head to the side. His lips moved gently against yours. Slowly, you began to lie down on the grass, wrapping your arms around Poe’s shoulders to hold him above you. Poe pulled away and rested his forehead against yours. You smiled brightly at him. You reached up to run your fingers through his hair. “I like this place even more now,” Poe mumbled. Notes: I'm so sorry for the delay D: Work has been hectic. Exams are on in Ireland (well...trial-runs for the actual exam, but it's too complicated to talk about here so?) and I had to be a scribe. So that meant lots of writing, but not the writing I would have enjoyed. *sigh* I will be doing more Poe/Reader prior wedding/kids, so get them requests in my loves! Thank you all <3 <3 (my tumblr is also too quiet, which is greatly unsettling) Chapter 25 : Kylo/Reader - Keeper (General Rating (Teenage? Who knows)) Summary: The Reader wakes up to find Ben mulling over things. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben worried about you. A lot. You didn’t realise how bad this worry was when you woke up one morning, stretching out the soreness in your bones, and lay back onto his bare shoulder. You could feel his fingers trailing up and down your spine. Looking up, you saw him staring at you with a frown. “Typically, when you wake up with someone after having sex,” you said lowly, “you don’t look like you’re thinking about the purpose of the universe.” Ben didn’t laugh. His eyes roamed whatever skin was above the blanket of your bed, and returned to your face. You sighed through your nose. “What’s wrong?” Ben bit the inside of his cheek before muttering, “I didn’t hurt you, did I?” You shook your head. “Not at all,” you replied. He was still frowning and watching you carefully. You shifted onto your stomach and leaned up with one arm underneath you. Looking into his eyes, you could see something in them. You reached out and held his cheek with your free hand. “You will never hurt me, Ben Solo.” Ben swallowed thickly and looked away to a corner of the room. You brought his face back to meet yours. “Ben, I’m alright. You can never do anything that will hurt me. Do you understand that?” There was a silence between the two of you before Ben took in a sharp breath. “I get angry,” he said simply. Pure fear was in his dark eyes. You let out a breath before you brought your forehead o rest against his. His hand that had been at your back pressed you closer to him. “I know, love, I know,” you replied, rubbing his cheekbone with your thumb, “but we can work through that. We’ve worked through so much already, this won’t be a problem.” “But what if-” You pressed your lips against Ben’s. He was stock still. You pulled away and ran your fingers through his hair. “There’s no ‘what if’s’. You will never hurt me, and I know that for certain.” Ben went silent again. There was a longer stretch between you this time as you watched him carefully. His eyes went from you, to the corner of the room, to the ceiling, as if he was trying to get out. “Do you need help, Ben?” you asked quietly. The corners of his lips tensed slightly. You pressed on, “If you’re really scared about your anger we can get help.” Ben shook his head. “You’re all I need,” he said simply, winding his fingers around the back of your neck and bringing you in for a chaste kiss. “I don’t know how to explain it,” he said when you pulled away. He frowned again, trying to piece the words together. “I get angry, and then I see you, and then I feel okay again. But what if, one day, that isn’t enough. What if I can’t stop myself? I’ll hurt you.” You shook your head. Untangling yourself from the sheets, you threw a leg across his lap and pulled him up to meet you. You cupped his face in both of your hands and made him look at you. “I’ll always be there for you, Ben. Whatever is going on in that brilliant mind of yours, we can figure it out together.” Ben shut his eyes for a moment, taking in a shaky breath. You pressed a kiss to his forehead and wrapped your arms around his shoulders. His own arms went around your waist, holding you there against him. “Serious question,” you said softly, “Why did you ask me that now?” Ben shrugged his shoulder. “When I’m with you, I want to keep you safe. I always have, even when we were kids. Now that we’re older…I don’t know, I want to keep that promise I made to you.” You combed your fingers through his hair. “I have no doubt that you will, Ben Solo.” Notes: This is so short. This is so short because, remember how I'm working in my old secondary/high school and it's a convent so there's nuns everywhere, I was writing this in the staff room while talking to one across the table because I'm dedicated. There was going to be sexy times in this, but I wasn't going to push my luck. Sorry, Sister... Chapter 26 : Poe Dameron/Reader - **Scarring (Teenage Rating) Summary: For a lovely Anon on my tumblr who requested a fic around "Who did this to you?" **Vague mentions of torture (not hugely, to be honest, the Reader doesn't remember what exactly happened, but you know..just to be safe)** Poe finds a scar on the Reader's shoulder. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe ran his fingers over your bare shoulder. You rested on your bunk with your back to his chest, feeling the slow drum of a heartbeat against your spine. He had brushed your hair to the side and started kneading at the back of your neck, gently working his way down your spine and back up to your shoulders. You were slowly slipping off to sleep when you felt Poe’s fingers freeze over your shoulder bone. Looking over your shoulder, you frowned. “Everything alright?” Poe looked up to you and then rubbed his thumb over a faint mark on your shoulder. “An old scar,” you explained. It was faint, but lighter than your skin colour so it stood out. You didn’t think much of it. You and Poe had a collection of marks and scars between you. “What happened?” Poe brushed his lips over it and kissed your shoulder. You pulled a face. “It’s a long story.” Poe looked up to you. “We have time,” he said gently. Soething flickered in his eyes. “Unless you don’t want to tell it. I understand if you don’t-” “-No, no,” you waved a hand. You rolled onto your back to face him. With the blankets you had draped over the both of you and the heater in the room cranked up, you were getting a bit warm. “I, um, I was on a mission one day – before we met – and, well, long story cut incredibally short, a TIE fighter downed my ship and I was captured.” Poe’s eyes hardened. Even though you had only known each other for a short while, you both told each other stories almost every day and night. This was the first he had heard of you being captured. “The First Order…they’re ruthless when it comes to getting information out of people,” you explained carefully. Poe’s hand went to yours and curled your fingers together. You pressed on, “Funny thing is, I don’t remember a lot of it. Thank Force. I remember my ship going down, some of what happened – the torture – and then blackness. The next thing I remember is looking up to the General’s face in the medbay.” You snorted. “And a killer pain in my shoulder. Not even the meds I was on could help get rid of it.” Poe watched you carefully, running his thumb over your joined fingers. “They hurt you.” It didn’t sound like a question, more of a statement, but you nodded stiffly. You shrugged your shoulder. “I don’t remember, Poe. It’s alright. I’m okay now.” You brought your free hand up to his cheek, rubbing his cheekbone with your thumb. “I’m safe now.” Poe made a noise in the back of his throat. “They hurt you,” he repeated. It was a moment before he said anything else. “I’ll burn them to the ground.” You shook your head. “You won’t be able to.” At Poe’s raised eyebrow, you pressed on, “The General had that base nuked within a week. No one walked out of there alive.” Poe frowned. “I remember that order,” he replied. “I didn’t go, but Snap and Jess did.” “Then I have Snap and Jess to thank for freeing me of that place,” you said. Poe’s hand tightened slightly around yours. “Your shoulder?” You thought back to the week you had spent there – all you could remember were the dark walls of the base, the uniformity of everything within it, the marching of Stormtroopers in constant rhythm outside your cell door. You wracked your brain. “It was broken, I think,” you mumbled. Poe let out a breath and ran his free hand through your hair. “I don’t remember that. Everything else, I do, but not what happened in the room they took me to.” Poe combed his fingers through your hair. “I’m sorry.” “You have nothing to be sorry for.” Poe leaned down and pressed a light kiss to your temple. You brought your arm around his shoulders and rested your forehead against his. “I won’t let them touch you ever again,” you heard Poe mumble. “I know.” “I’ll kill them all.” You brought your lips to Poe’s, kissing him gently. You pulled away and mumbled, “I’ll be right there beside you.” “I would want nothing else.” “Good,” you smiled, tugging him down onto you, “because you’re not getting rid of me that easily, Commander.” Notes: Again, it's short AF. *shrugs* I had another fic, a lighter and happier fic, that would have fit that prompt just fine. But no. Sarah had to go with the depressing and heartbreaking thing...like always... Chapter 27 : Kylo/Reader - Love is Strange (General Rating) Summary: Ben returns from Jedi training for two days, and the Reader and him spend time together. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben visited you as often as he could. Ever since leaving for Jedi training, D’Qar was too quiet. You were also bored out of your mind. Ben had been your only friend since being put into the General and Han’s care. The base was a lot quieter, you heard people say, when Ben wasn’t here. You had no one to run through the hallways with, to play hide-and-seek, and to generally cause mayhem with. Han said once that it was a blessing in disguise. You can still remember the General slapping him on the chest. But Ben did return. One day, you were shadowing a mechanic, learning how to change the oil in the X-Wing’s engine, when you saw a ship come into the landing strip. You watched it hand, and a group of people gathered around it. Ben stepped out on to the strip, with a hooded man not far behind him. He put a hand on the boy’s shoulder and said something into his ear. Ben just nodded. You looked to the mechanic, who had been watching you and she smiled. “Go on,” she waved you away. Your legs couldn’t carry you fast enough as you ran towards Ben. He saw you coming and opened his arms, staggering back a few steps when you crashed into him. The man behind Ben watched you carefully as you wrapped your arms tighter around him. “You’re home?” you asked breathlessly. Ben set you back down on the ground. He had gotten taller in the months he had been gone. His normally curly hair was long, framing his face. Ben smiled. “For a while, at least. Master says I’ll have to be back soon to continue my training.” You looked over to the cloaked man. You bowed your head to the Jedi, and he smiled form underneath his hood. Ben quickly took your hand and you both sprinted into the base. The first place you both went to was your quarters. Ben dropped his cloak onto your bed. “How long are you here for?” you asked. You hung your own jacket over the back of your chair. Ben shrugged a shoulder. “Two days, the most,” he replied. You wandered over to him. He was getting too tall. He was lean and skinny, but he towered over you. You put your hand on his chest. He was wearing dark brown Jedi robes, the ones you had seen others wear when you went with the General on trips. Ben placed his own hand on yours. “What’s been going on here?” “Nothing of any importance,” you replied, looking up at him. “The base is so boring when you’re not here.” “I’m sure you could find some way to entertain yourself.” “You’re my only friend,” you said bluntly, “and then you left.” Ben’s hand on yours squeezed slightly. “When I’m finished training, I’ll come back for you. We’ll run away together. There are a lot of planets that are far away from here.” You smiled sadly. “We’d leave everyone behind,” you stated, “your parents and your Master.” “We can still come back.” You watched Ben for a moment. Your hand flexed over his chest, spreading your fingers over his heart. Ben’s other arm went around your waist. “We’ll figure that out when my training is done,” he said softly. You rested your head against his chest and nodded. You felt his fingers trace patters on your back. He gave your back a pat. “Come on,” he said, “my parents will be looking for me.” The rest of the day was spent with Leia and Han. Ben’s Master talked to Leia, mostly, keeping to the shadows of rooms and whispering to each other. Han talked to Ben, asking about his training. You stood to his side, barely letting your fingers touch against his. Han looked down between you and saw your fingers itching to grab hold of Ben’s. He gave you a smile and eventually left. When you both retired for the night, the General and Ben’s Master watched you and Ben leave together. “A Jedi in training and a senator’s daughter,” the General said. She turned back to her brother. “Do they even realise how dangerous that relationship will be.” Ben lay behind you on your bunk. It was a single bed, with barely enough room for the both of you. Your back was pressed against his chest and his arms around you. He had fallen asleep as soon as you both slipped underneath the sheets, but you stayed awake. Your fingers traced over the arms around you. Ben shifted in his sleep, tightening the hold on you and bringing his noise to the back of your neck. The conversation had between the General and Ben’s master bothered you slightly. They spoke so quietly, you didn’t hear anything. You didn’t think Ben even noticed, but every so often, they would both send a glance your way. You settled down against your pillow. Ben’s rhythmic breathing was slowly luring you to sleep. You put your hands over the ones Ben had on your middle and drifted off. “Keep talking like that, Solo, and you’ll end up on your ass again.” Ben smirked as you two practised combat in the forest. It was secluded enough that you both wouldn’t be bothered by passing people. You twirled the long wooden pole in your hand as you and Ben circled each other. “I’m only saying that you’re being predictable,” Ben pointed out. He twirled the staff around an brought it to your side. You blocked it easily and stepped back, gripping your pole with both hands as you fell into a stance that Han had thought you. Ben watched you carefully before striking again, going for your other side this time. You blocked it again, bringing Ben’s pole down to the ground and using the other end of your pole to swing across his face. Ben flung himself backwards and twirled the staff in his hands. “And you’re doing cheap-shots.” “Cheap-shots?” you repeated, “It’s called surviving, Solo.” Ben laughed. You got a better grip on the middle of your own staff, and brought it straight down onto Ben. He deflected it, but you pulled away quickly, and used the other end to land a hit on his thigh. Ben dropped to his other knee. He looked up at you with a raised eyebrow. “You’re going to regret that, princess.” “I thought you said I was predicable ?” Ben smirked darkly as he sped up his movements. His training with his Master must have kicked in as he twirled and dodged your hits, landing some of his own on your shoulder, leg and arm. Eventually, a blow to your leg sent you to the ground. “Are you okay?” Ben asked breathlessly. He knew you were strong, stronger than most people on the base and could definitely take a hit, and you rolled onto your back on the forest floor. You giggled. “I’m just fine,” you smiled up at him. Ben walked over to you and held out a hand. You took it in yours, and wrapped your leg around his, dragging him onto the ground with you. Ben landed with a heavy thump beside you. “I’m not predictable, Ben Solo,” you said darkly, smiling as you crawled onto him. Ben huffed a laugh as you lay on his chest. “I’m sorry for that comment.” “You should be.” “I’ll never offend you again.” “You better not,” you muttered, bringing a hand to his cheek, “or I’ll kick your ass into next week.” Ben hummed. The forest was quiet, but whisper birds were flying and singing above you, rustled form their nests from the fight you and Ben were having on the ground. Ben’s hands went to your hips. “I’m leaving tomorrow,” he said. “I know.” “I don’t know when I can come back next.” “I know.” Ben swallowed thickly. He combed back strands of your hair back behind your ear, and trailed his fingers from that spot, along your jaw and caught your chin between his thumb and his forefinger. “I love you more than life.” Your fingers twitched against Ben’s face. You had both never said it to each other. You knew something was between you two, everyone knew that. There was a time you were going to say it to Ben, but that was the night before he left for training. You couldn’t deal with that. Ben didn’t know if he could come back. You didn’t want to let your feelings out and then have him taken away from you. You knew now that he could come back. Maybe something would be able to work between you two. “I love you even more,” you breathed. Ben tilted your head down and pressed his lips against yours. It was a quick kiss, with Ben pulling away slightly to let out a breath. “This will destroy me,” he said, “I’ll be planets away from you.” You rested your forehead against Ben’s. “You can still come home. Alright, it won’t be as often as we’d like, but you’ll come home.” You kissed his lips again, longer and deeper this time until the arms around your waist tightened. When you pulled away, you said softly, “Promise you’ll come home to me.” Ben nodded firmly. “I promise on my life.” You both eventually got up off the forest floor. Ben’s hand held yours as you walked back, standing and walking a bit closer to each other than usual. When you reached the base, your hand tensed. “I can let go of it, if you want?” Ben said lowly, scanning in the landing strip for any signs of his Master or his parents. You thought about it for a moment before you shook your head. “No,” your hand squeezed his. The General watched you both walk into the base, wading through people in the hallway to get to the mess hall for lunch. She raised an eyebrow at the sight of your dusty clothes and the two staffs in Ben’s hand. “Keep him on his toes,” she told you as you passed her. You smirked up at him. “I will.” Notes: *shrugs* Leave those prompts in my tumblr, dears. You keep me going xxx ALSO some people have asked me to write for other characters (e.g: Rey, Finn, Hux, the list goes on) and I will say that I'm trying my best to get around to everything and everyone. The most ideas I have for characters are either for Poe/Ben/Leia (parental things because she's a queen), so ideas for other characters are a bit on the short side. I do take into consideration ALL prompts thrown my way, and they're all brilliant! You're all so creative (some have made me cry tbh). So...yeah, if I get prompts regarding Finn, Rey, Hux, *continue list here* I will write them. I would love to, but I can't think of anything. Chapter 28 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Loss and Gain PART 1 (General Rating) Summary: Poe rescues the Reader from a crash, and they deal with the consequences when she wakes up. Notes: This is a sad one, to be perfectly honest. I had this idea while making myself a grilled cheese sandwich (it was delicious) and might flesh it out into something later. **Read notes at bottom for further information** (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You fell out of the sky. That’s how it had been explained to you. At one side of your bed sat Poe, half-asleep when you woke up, then falling to your side and exclaiming to a medical droid that you were awake. On the other side was the General. She had a grim look on her face. One you didn’t see often. A heavy blanket was over you, shielding you from the chill of the medbay that you knew so well. You had heard a conversation between Poe and the General when you started to come around, but now that you looked between them, they were silent. And just looking at you like a wounded tusk cat. Poe looked across to the General. “I think I can handle it from here, General.” She watched you carefully, the lines of her mouth only deepened as she frowned. The General nodded stiffly and left without another room. You rolled your head to the side to look at Poe. He was still wearing his flightsuit, the top of it removed and wrapped around his waist. He had three small cuts on his cheek and faint bruising around his eye. As you noticed little things about him, he seemed to sense the unanswered questions that were floating through your mind. “A TIE fighter got you,” he said lowly, “shot you straight out of the sky.” Poe made a noise at the back of his throat. “I thought you were dead.” You gave him a small smile. “I’m not though.” Poe looked up to you. He frowned slightly. His hands were fumbling together. “Poe?” you asked. “When I went to the crashsite to get you…” he stopped, taking in a shaking breath. He rubbed a hand over his eyes and continued to wring his hands together. “You were alive, I don’t know how. But…I’m so sorry, love. I’m so, so sorry. “Poe, you’re scaring me.” Your heart thumped hard in your chest, rattling your ribcage. Poe sucked in a shaky breath. “I pulled you out and your arm…” Poe broke off again, with a noise that only resembled a whimper, “I’m sorry.” You’re body suddenly went cold. “What do you mean?” Medical droids and staff had surrounded your bedside. Most checked the machines that were strapped to you, the IV lines in your uncovered hand. You looked down onto your body. Only one of your arms was above the arm. You couldn’t feel anything throughout your body, probably from the medication that were being pumped into you. Your heart fluttered in your chest. “Poe?” When you looked over, you saw him crying. A few tears streaked down his face, and he tried to wipe them away on the back of his hand. You looked quickly to a medic you knew from your own trips to the medical wing. Tristayne kept his eyes from you, instead pressing buttons on a monitor and writing down readings. “Tristayne look at me.” His dark eyes flickered over to you. “What happened?” you asked lowly. The medic shot a quick glance over to Poe and then back to you. “I don’t think I should be the one to tell you-” “-If you’re talking about the prick to my left, I don’t need him to tell me. You seem to know what you’re doing,” your voice grew lower and lower, but the fire in your eyes began to burn like a pyre, “what happened to me?” Tristayne opened and shut his mouth for a while, with nothing coming out other than choked noises. “Tristayne.” “When you came in, we…” he began, looking over to Poe again, “your right arm was pretty bad. It was broken and crushed beyond repair.” Dread settled deep in your chest. Everything was suddenly too much – the lights in the medbay were too bright, everything was too loud, there was a buzzing slowly sounding through your ears. Tristayne took a deep breath. “We had to take it. An infection had gotten in somehow, something you must have picked up on the crash-site. We had to take it.” You stayed silent for a while. “We had it replaced by one of our mechanics,” Tristayne explained quietly. “She’s done some work for our other amputees. She had one made for you while you were out.” You looked down to your body. Poe was watching you. “My arm is gone,” you said. It wasn’t a question, more of a statement, but Poe nodded his head stiffly. You swallowed thickly. “Show me.” Poe’s eyes darted up to Tristayne as he pulled back the blanket over you. When you looked down to your right arm, in it’s place was a robotic one. You sucked in a harsh breath. “It works as your other arm does. I don’t know how Edal does it but she managed to make it work within the day. It should be ready to go.” Your breathing was shallow, but harsh. “Get out,” Poe said quietly. He knew you were starting to panic. The cold, dark and unrelenting feeling was wrapping itself around everything inside of you. Tristayne practically fled form the room after pulling the blanket back over your arm. “I’m sorry,” Poe whispered. He got out of his chair at your bedside. He gently sat on the bed beside you, letting you fall into his side and bury your face into his neck. He rubbed at your back, muttering “I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry, love.” The panic eventually left, dragging your energy with it. Poe slipped off the bed to turn off the lights above you. With the dimmed light, it was easier on your eyes. Poe dragged over his chair and sat to your side. Even resting against the bed, your head comfortable in the pillows, you didn’t sleep. Poe opened his mouth to speak but you interjected, “Don’t say you’re sorry again. You have nothing to be sorry for.” “I should have kept my eyes on you.” “You did your best.” “I’m your commander,” Poe stopped for a second. “I’m your boyfriend. I should be there to protect you.” You swallowed thickly and blinked back tears that stung the back of your eyes. “There’s nothing you could have done,” you repeated, quieter now that the panic had gone and nothing was left. You felt numb inside, not hot or cold, but numb. Poe patted the bed. “You should get some sleep,” he changed the subject. You watched him stand up from his chair. “Stay with me,” you said softly. Poe shook his head. “I need to talk to the General about the crash.” “Is she blaming you for what happened?” “How did-” “-I’ve lived with her long enough to know when she’s angry.” Poe ran a hand through his hair. “I should have kept a closer eye on you.” “Poe-” “-I should go.” Poe pressed a kiss to your temple. When he left, everything slowly faded away. Poe came back the next morning. You sat on the side of your bed, feeling stronger now that the meds had done their job. He paused at the partition of your section of the medbay. Your hands were on your lap. You flexed your fingers, and then the fingers of your new arm. Edal had done a good job. The arm was sleek and a mixture of metal and synthetic material, and looked like your other arm. You touched the pads of your fingers to your thumb in sequence. It was funny – you had used that to deal with anxiety, and now you were using it to deal with a new arm. Poe slowly joined your side. “It looks good,” he said quietly. The medbay was as busy as it always was. People and medics and patients were walking past your partition. It looked out into the main walkway of the medbay. There was the option to section it off, but you didn’t want to. You rested your hands against your thighs. “Is everything okay with you?” you asked him. You heard him snort. “I should be asking you that.” You looked up to him with a hard stare. Poe reached out gently and combed a few strands of hair behind your ear. Poe shrugged a shoulder. “The General…she’s not exactly on Cloud 9 right now, but she didn’t kill me.” “Good,” you replied quietly. “I need you alive.” Poe gave you a small smile. He stepped in front of you and wrapped his arms around you. “You won’t get rid of me that easily.” “You won’t get rid of me, either.” Poe pressed a kiss to the top of your head. You raised your left arm and wrapped it around him, leaving your new one resting against your lap. Poe noticed. “You can touch me with it, you know.” You raised it carefully, feeling the oddness of moving a limb that was attached to you but not yours. It eventually went around Poe’s middle and he smiled warmly down at you. “You’re beautiful,” he murmured, tilting your head up to kiss you on the lips. You were both not hidden from view. Anyone who wandered through the middle section of the medbay could see you both. But you couldn’t bring yourself to care as your normal hand moved up to tangle in his hair, pulling him closer. A cough made you pull away. The General stood at the corner of the section with her arms folded. “Good to see that you are awake and moving, Commander,” she said to you. “Albeit not in one piece, General,” you replied. The General’s frown only deepened. You apologised for the comment, got off the bed to grab your bag you already packed, and walked past her and out the medbay door. You could hear Poe saying “she’s been like that since I got here” and quickly follow you. Poe grabbed your bag and slung it over his shoulder. His arm went around your waist. Even gathering your strength in the medbay all morning, you quickly learned that your legs were having trouble keeping your body up. “We’ll go back to my quarters, and then you’re being put on bedrest.” “In your quarters?” “I want to keep an eye on you.” “You can do that in my room. You know my ID code to get in.” Poe sighed through is nose. “I just want to look after you, okay?” He led you through the hallway. People stepped out of your way. They always done so – you were both commanders and well respected on the base – but when they saw you coming now, some people practically flung themselves out of your way. Some looked to your side. You had pulled on your leather jacket before you left the medbay. Your right hand was pulled up so it didn’t show out through the sleeve. Poe pulled you gently to his side. Eventually you ended up at his quarters. BB-8 was there, jostling into a chorus of chirps and beeps asking if you were okay. You gave the droid a warm smile and lowered yourself down onto your haunches. “I’m fine, 8. Thank you for asking.” You patted the droid on the head with your good hand and raised up. The world started to spin again so you wandered slowly to Poe’s bed, sitting down on it and resting your head between your knees to get blood back to your head. You felt the bed dip beside you and a warm hand rub at your shoulders. “It’ll be alright,” Poe said softly, waiting for you to get through the dizziness. When you were strong enough, you raised yourself back up and leaned against him. “Everything will be alright,” he whispered, peppering kisses along your temple and cheek. Poe eventually let you lie down on the bed as he went to the mess hall to get you something to eat. As you lay on your side, you kept your hands in front of you, letting your fingers flex and stretch. The slender metal fingers bent and moved like your flesh ones. You would really have to pay Edal a visit and thank her. With the sleeves of your jacket down, and maybe some gloves, no one would have to know. You understood that some people on the base probably knew already, based on the reactions you had gotten while walking to Poe’s quarters, but you didn’t care. You settled back on the bed. The sheets and pillows smelt like Poe. He always kept his room a few degrees warmer than yours, since he was so used to Yavin temperatures. You welcomed the heat, even as you buried your face into a pillow and tugged one of his blankets over you. When Poe came back, he put a bowl of Corellia soup and a few bread rolls onto his desk and joined you on the bed. You shuffled away from the edge, making room for him. Poe cupped your cheek in his hand. “You’re beautiful,” he said, pressing a light kiss onto your lips, “and so strong.” The back of your eyes began to sting. “I adore you,” he finished. You swallowed thickly. You crawled into his body, nestling into his neck. You fell asleep to him softly humming an old song he knew and tracing patterns into your back with his fingers. Maybe everything would be okay. Notes: Right so, I want to do a fleshed out TFA fic with the Reader. The thing is, if you go through my profile, I start things and then don't finish them. I might be a bit more motivated for this, but who knows. *Image reference for the Reader's robotic arm: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/05/bb/8b/05bb8bc934a012f886d2dc3e72c53861.png *sits back with a glass of Ribena* Whoo. That one was a difficult one to write...Good thing I decided to make a second part to it... *sips* Chapter 29 : Hux/Reader - Strong (General Rating) Summary: A lovely Anon's request of an order is sent out for the Reader to be moved to a new planet which she knows to be dangerous. Hux intervenes. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The one thing that the First Order thought everyone was strength. You tried to remember that as you stood in one of the loading bays waiting for your ship. Your arms were folded over your chest. There were a group of Stormtroopers to your back. You didn’t needed to be guarded – everyone on the ship knew that you could handle yourself – but Kylo Ren insisted on an escort. You bit the inside of your cheek. That prick – you had never gotten along with the man, and now thanks to him you were being shipped off to Force knows where. You had put up a fight: Snoke had shut off his comm to you while you and Ren tore the conference room apart arguing with each other. You let out a harsh breath. There were footsteps approaching you from behind. From the long quick gait, you knew it was Hux. You looked over your shoulder to the guard of Stormtroopers. “Leave us,” you ordered. They quickly fell out, and while didn’t disappear, they hung around a ship a few metres away. Hux looked you up and down and stood beside you, as straight and locked into position as usual. “What is this about you leaving?” You looked up at him with a hard stare. “I’m not leaving ; I’m being kicked out of the ship because of that prick Kylo Ren.” Something flickered in Hux’s eyes. You turned away and looked straight ahead of you. The backs of your eyes were starting to sting, but you blinked away the tears. In your mind, you were planning Ren’s death piece by piece. If he thought that getting you off the ship would be enough, he thought wrong. Your arms tightened around you. “Why are you here?” you asked quietly. Hux shifted on his feet and straighten his posture. “I wanted to see if there was any truth to the rumours being brought to my attention.” “Rumours? People are already talking about me leaving?” Kylo Ren was a dead man walking. Hux turned to your side. Looking up at him, he was wearing his usual frown. “I’ll try to repeal the order,” he told you quietly.” You watched him carefully. “Why would you do that, General?” “I know of the planet you’re going to,” he replied, “and I’m not letting you go.” You knew of the planet too, albeit vaguely. After the meeting where Ren had signed away your fate, you started pulling up files about the planet. It wasn’t as inhospitable as Hoth, but it wasn’t the easiest planet to live on. Hux stepped closer to you. Looking over at the Stormtroopers, two of them were watching you, but turned away quickly with a hard glare from you. “I’m afraid,” you said quietly. It came out in all one short breath. The back of your eyes began to sting again. With all the commotion in the hangar bay, no one saw Hux talk your hand in his gloved one. Maybe they did, but between the two of you, no one was going to point it out. “It’s alright,” he told you gently. His thumb ran over your fingers. It was such a strange gesture from him that you tensed slightly. You looked over your shoulders and then back to him. Hux took your hand and led you through the hangar. You were taking slow steps and frowned up at him. “What are you-?” “Just follow me,” he replied. You quickly fell into step with him, stalking through the halls of the ship. He led you into a spare conference room. It wasn’t the main one you both used when planning with Ren. It was smaller, but dimly lit with a circular table in the middle. Hux took your other hand when you were both inside. “What in Force name are you doing?” “You’re leaving,” he told you simply, “I’ll try to get you back, but you’re leaving for now.” An awful feeling settled in your stomach. You blew out a harsh breath and lowered your head. “You can cry, you know. You can cry around me. I’ll understand.” As soon as the words were out, tears flowed down your cheeks. A sob wracked through your shoulders and you felt Hux’s arm wrap gently around your waist. You were pulled into his chest. “I’ll try and bring you home as soon as I can,” he said as diplomatically as ever, “until then, be strong.” You nodded against his chest. Just as quickly as the feeling of dread had fallen over you, it had gone, replaced by the stern coldness the First Order had thought you over the years. You pulled away from him and wiped at your eyes. Hux raised one hand to rub a tear from your cheek. “I’ll bring you home,” he repeated. It settled in your mind, the idea that you could be brought home and stay with people that were familiar to you. You schooled your face back into its unreadable and blank expression. Hux’s finger ran across your cheekbone and then around to your jaw. It was such a gentle gesture, especially seeing it from a man who knew who was dark, cold and general unfeeling – if those feelings were rage and irritation. There was a beep to your side. Your comm that was attached to your waist rang out. When you answered it, it was a dockworker who said that your ship had arrived. You hung up and clipped the comm back to your belt. You turned your head away from Hux’s touch. “I should go.” Hux followed you as you stalked back through the hallways of the ship. You pulled your cloak tighter around you and stormed forward. Kylo Ren wasn’t getting the last laugh on you – you would get on that damn ship with your head held high. Your ship waited for you near the centre of the loading bay. Your guard of Stormtroopers were there with their weapons ready. They snapped to attention when you passed them, all of them giving you a quick salute. You took a few steps up to the ship when you felt your hand be grabbed by a gloved one. You spun around and were met by soft lips against yours. Hux’s other hand cupped your cheek as he deepened the kiss, tilting your head slightly. You hummed against his lips. When he pulled away you watched him carefully. “Careful General,” you mumbled, “people might start to think that you could have a heart.” Notes: I liked writing about Hux (Domhnall Gleeson is a babe, and us Irish have to stick together) but...I don't know, this particular one I could have done more with. *Shrugs*. I'll write more Hux/Reader Chapter 30 : Poe Dameron/Reader and Leia&Reader - Loss and Gain PART 2 (General Rating) Summary: A continuation of where Part 1 left off. The Reader deals with what happened, with help from Poe and Leia. You swore under your breath. Your right arm clicked in a way that was slowly starting to piss you off. Running your fingers over the cold metal that had replaced your flesh, you tried to feel out the source of the ticking. On the hull of your X-Wing, you had spent the morning repairing your engine and doing general maintenance. You couldn’t stay in that room any longer. Poe had been by your side since you left the medbay. The droids and medics had discharged you when you showed that you know about to move your new arm about. It was just an annoying piece of machinery to work with. You heard someone on the ground clear their throat. “Don’t even start,” you muttered under your breath, knowing well that Poe could hear you. You saw him fold his arms over his chest. You went back to working on your engine, ignoring the occasional click in your metal arm. Poe stood to the side of your X-Wing for at least ten minutes before walking to the other side of the hangar. There wasn’t as much noise coming from the pilots – there never was since they heard about Poe carrying you in his arms through the base and practically dumping you onto a medical bed. The silence in the hangar was just deafening. For once, you wished for the shouting and loud boisterous laughter of Snap, Jess and the others, just to fill the goddamn heavy silence that sat there. You gave a quick look over your shoulder. Poe was with his pilots. One of them had looked your way, but snapped back to attention when Poe clicked his fingers. Your arm gave one last faint clink before you shot up from your position in the opened cavity of your X-Wing. You pulled yourself onto the hull and sat there for a moment, trying to slow down the harsh breathing that came whenever you were frustrated. Before you could understand what your body was doing, you flung the wrench in your right arm across the hangar. It clattered loudly against the ground and almost everyone stopped what they were doing to look at you. You flexed your metal fingers and stormed out of the hangar. The General visited you as often as she could. You were half-asleep in Poe’s bed, reading off of a holo when the door slid open. The General poked her head around the door. “Are you free to talk?” You put down the holo and sat up in the bed, letting the blankets of Poe’s bed pool around your waist and legs. The General closed the door behind her and sat down on the edge of the bed, her hands clasped in her lap. “I understand you’ve been having a hard time dealing with your new arm?” she asked quietly. Her eyes were watching yours carefully. You shrugged your left shoulder. “It has its difficulties,” you replied. The General hummed. “Difficulties? Pava told me that you threw a wrench across the hangar today-” You would kill Jessika Pava. “-I just want to make sure you’re okay-” “I lost my bloody arm, General, in an accident I can’t remember,” you snapped, “I’m not okay. I’m far from it.” The General’s eyes softened. You remembered the days where the General would look after you like a mother. She did that, even know, but she was worse for it when you first arrived to the base. She would sit on the edge of your bed, like she was doing now, and talk you through what was wrong. You breathed out a harsh breath. “I hate everything.” The General made a noise in the back of her throat. “No you don’t. Not everything . You don’t hate Poe, or the pilots, or your X-Wing,” she listed. She paused for a second. “You don’t hate me.” The way she said it made you look up at her. Your fingers froze as they had been toying with the fabric of the blanket. “I could never hate you,” you told her honestly. The General shifted on the edge of the bed. “I understand what you’re going through. I understand the pain, the darkness that’s just hovering over you when you wake up and when you go to sleep. I understand how you just want to break everything in your path.” You gave a sad smile at the last one. The General reached forward and took both of your hands. She rubbed her thumb against the synthetic material of your right arm. “You will fight your way out of it. I won’t lie to you, darling, it’s not going to be easy. The darkness of losing something…it doesn’t let go that easily. But I have known you for too long – I’ve seen you grow up into a fierce person who fights everything and everyone to get what she wants.” The back of your eyes began to sting. “I will be right beside you every step of the way,” she told you quietly. Looking straight into your eyes, she smiled, “There’ll be days when you don’t want me there, but I’ll be there. I promise.” You practically jumped on her, wrapping your arms around her shoulders and burying your face into her neck. She rubbed your back, comforting you as the tears began to flow. The door to the room opened. Poe froze by the door with a small container of soup and a few bread rolls in his hands. “I can come back later, if you want more mother and daughter time?” he asked quietly. It didn’t even sound like he was joking. You pulled away from the General and sat back in the bed. The General waved her hand. “Nonsense Commander, this is your quarters,” she said as she got up and strode passed him. You pretended not to see her take his elbow and bring him closer so that she could whisper in his ear. When the General left, Poe still stood there almost frozen in place. You were wearing a tank-top, one you usually wore when you were working in the hangar. Looking down, the shirt only showed the line that wrapped around your shoulder socket – on one side was your flesh, and on the other metal and synthetic materials. The wound itself had healed better than Edal could have expected. It was still a strange thing to look at. You shuffled over to one side on the bed and patted it. “It’s your quarters,” you repeated the General’s words. Poe wandered over carefully, placing the carton of soup and rolls onto the bedside table. “I’m sorry for today,” you said as he took a seat next to you. Throwing an arm around your shoulders he brought you into his side. “There’s nothing to be sorry for,” he told you – a phrase that was becoming more and more popular with each passing day. He peppered your forehead and temple with chaste kisses. “Are you hungry?” he asked. You nodded and took the soup and rolls from him. You smiled and giggled when he tried to take bits of food from you. Eventually he lay back against the pillows, running a palm over your back while you ate. “Is there anything you want to talk about?” You shook your head and ate another spoonful of soup. Since getting out of the medbay you hadn’t eaten much, so having food was a gift: especially when you could send Poe out to get it, while you could hide from everyone in his room. You heard him take in a deep breath. “I had a word with my pilots,” he told you. When you whipped your head around to look at him, he pressed on, “just so they won’t make you upset anymore.” You sighed as you put the spoon back into the soup container and tore off a bit of the bread rolls. “I’ll always be upset,” you replied. “Where’s the person I fell in love with?” “Dead,” you said quietly, “you left them in that crash site all those weeks ago.” You felt the bed shift and suddenly two arms wre around you – one around your waist and another wrapped around your chest. “I hope not,” he whispered, kissing your neck gently, “I was going to ask them something pretty important.” “Like what?” “Will you marry me?” The world froze around you. You looked over your shoulder to Poe, his nose dragging along the flesh of your shoulder. “I don’t have a ring. I didn’t have time to go out into another system and get one. It was before you crashed,” he explained, “I was going to ask you when you got back, actually.” He paused. “Then all of this happened.” You stared blankly at him. “Please say something,” he said gently, “don’t shut me out again.” You swallowed thickly. “Are you sure?” He frowned. “Are you sure you want to marry me ?” you clarified. “You’re the only you I know,” he replied. Poe’s arms tightened around you slightly as you rested against his chest. You could feel his heartbeat against your spine. “What do you say?” The hand at your waist entangled itself with the fingers of your metal hand. It looked so odd – it always looked odd – when the contrast was there. Poe’s tanned skin against the grey material of yours. You drew a shaking breath. “Of course I want to marry you,” you replied, “but will this be okay?” “What will be?” You waved your hand around. “This. Everything. So much changed within the space of a week. Will it be okay?” “Yes it will,” Poe said confidently, pressing a kiss to your nose, “Because you’ll be in my life.” You nodded stiffly. You threw whatever food you had on the bed onto the table beside it, and wrapped your arms tightly around Poe’s shoulders. His arms went to your waist as he rolled you both over so he hovered over you, careful not to crush you with his weight. He captured your lips in a heated kiss, one that sent fire through your veins. You ran your fingers through his hair as he shifted you both around until you wer both comfortable enough on the bed. You pulled away slightly, keeping your forehead touching his. “I’m an awful person to put up with,” you said breathlessly. “I don’t put up with you,” he replied, kissing your lips again, “I live with you. I protect you. I love you.” You hummed and let the fingers of your metal arm touch his cheek. He flinched slightly at the cold metal, and you whispered an apology. “It just takes some getting used to,” he smiled. You raised your eyebrow at him. “ You need to get used to it?” Poe giggled and kissed you again, running his hand over your thigh and bringing your leg up around his hip. “I’m sorry,” he said. Your fingers skimmed across his cheekbone. There was the familiar warmth coming from his body, something you welcomed greatly. Wrapping your arms loosely around his shoulders, you rubbed his nose with yours. “You’re something special Poe Dameron,” you told him gently, “I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Poe hummed and kissed you gently, pressing down his weight down and getting a gasp out of you. “I would be lost without you too, love.” Chapter 31 : Hux/Reader - Certain Slants of Light (Teenage Rating) Summary: Hux and the Reader get into (yet another) argument. “If one more word comes out of your mouth, I’m sealing it shut!” You roared across the table of the conference room. You and Hux stood at either end of it, staring daggers into each other. Kylo Ren wasn’t there, neither was the other Stormtroopers that would escort Hux everywhere. Instead, Captain Phasma stood to the end of the room with her gun ready to fire. Underneath her helmet, you knew the woman was scanning the room looking for an escape route. Hux’s frown deepened. “You have no authority to speak to me like that!” “I have every authority! I am a Knight of Ren!” Hux stepped back from the table, flinging his chair to the side to get away. You’re eyes bore into the back of his head as he walked around the table and towards the door. “Where are you going?” you asked lowly, with fire still behind your words. Hux looked over his shoulder to you. “I need a break from this.” You gawked at him, but before you could say anything he was stepping out into the hallway. Phasma stayed in the room. Falling down into your own seat, you pinched the bridge of your nose and started to breathe slowly. “May I get you some water, my Lady?” You shook your head. “No thank you, Captain.” There was silence in the room before you propped your chin up on your fist. “If you wanted to make me feel better, you could put one of those lasers into Hux’s head.” The Captain stiffened. You waved her off with a small smile. “I’m joking. Life would be very boring on this ship if I didn’t have the good General.” Truthfully, arguing with the General was your favourite pastime. Yes, you often found yourself wanting to pick up one of the chrome metal chairs in the room and throw it at him with as much force as you could muster, but you enjoyed your bickering. He wasn’t bad to look at either. There wasn’t much else to do on the First Order’s flagship. The doors slid open again and Hux stepped into the room. There was still fire behind his eyes as he stared you down while walking into the room. You stared back with as much contempt. “Have you decided to act like an adult now, General?” Hux sat down in the seat opposite yours and clasped his hands together. You could see his knuckles turn white and nearly laughed. He’s having trouble managing that anger. Even though Kylo Ren was the most feared on the ship for his outbursts, you feared Hux more. He never lost his temper like Kylo did, managing to hide it behind unreadable green eyes and let it simmer. That was truly terrifying to you. Hux watched you from across the table as the meeting droned on. There was a hologram of the Supreme Leader to the end of the table. Snoke didn’t intimidate you as much as the others on this ship. Nothing about him or his powers even fazed you – you were too valuable, and thanks to an alliance built with a renegade group in the west of the galaxy, you were pretty much untouchable from the First Order, unless they wanted all hell to break loose. Snoke’s holo eventually flickered off. You leaned back into your seat. “It’s always a pleasure talking to you, General,” you drawled. Your mouth twisted into a smile at the twitching in Hux’s eyes. “We really should have these meetings more often.” “Wench,” he hissed under his breath, “take your job seriously.” You held up your hands. “I do my job, General. I make sure everything is going to plan. What do you do? Stand around looking murderous all day?” Hux’s eyes narrowed. “Captain Phasma,” he said lowly, “please give me and Lady (R/L/N) the room.” You watched Phasma salute and then stroll out of the conference room. When the door slid shut, Hux got to his feet and planted his hands on the table. “You will be death of me,” he growled. Your smile only grew bigger. “I intend to, General.” Hux, graceful but militant as ever, strode around the table. You slowly stood up and tried to make yourself seem as tall as possible. You learned from your dealings with Hux and Ren in the past that if the boys are arguing, making yourself seem taller and stronger seemed to work. You squared your shoulders as Hux stood uncomfortably close to you. His breath was almost on his face as he leaned down to you. You hold your ground, refusing to lean back. The fire that’s dancing behind his light-coloured eyes was drilling into your own. “Just do your job, and we can move on with all of this,” Hux seethed. You tilted your head to the side. “I am doing my job, General. Remember that the next time you win over the Resistance. I made sure that it happened.” “You’re infuriating.” “You are even more so.” Hux’s gloved hand was suddenly around the back of your neck and pulling you into a harsh kiss. It wasn’t any like you experienced before – it was rushed, dominant, more teeth and tongue than lips. Your hands rested against his chest as he wrapped an arm around your waist. You gasped against his lips when you were hoisted onto the conference table. One of his gloved hands ran up your thigh and slipped under the fabric of your long dress. You pushed lightly at his chest. “This may not be the best place for what you have planned,” you pointed out. Your own hands were going to the clasps of his jacket, undoing them until you could take it off of him and throw it to the ground somewhere. “Ren could walk in, or the Captain,” you said slowly. Hux growled. “Does it look like I care?” “I imagine Ren would have something to say about this.” Hux’s hand crept up towards the inside of your thigh. You held his gaze, biting the inside of your cheek. “Don’t mention his name when we’re like this,” Hux said lowly. You smirked. “I imagine Ren would be a delightful lover. A bit on the emotional side, but who would I be to complain.” Hux’s hold on the back of your neck tightened. “I’ll kill that boy if he comes anywhere near you.” “I’m not yours to claim, General,” you replied, “I can lay with whoever I want.” Hux’s eyes darkened. You cupped his cheek with your hand, tracing his cheekbone with your thumb and tilting his chin up so you could look into his eyes. “You’ll have to do for now I suppose.” Chapter 32 : Kylo/Reader - Fight for You (General Rating) Summary: Snoke plans to send Kylo and the Reader on their missions for TFA (no spoilers, though :D) No matter how many times you stood there, you still quaked with fear. You stood stock still with your shoulder back and head held high, just like you were thought how to, but it didn’t stop your hands from shaking in front of you. Snoke shifted on his seat. Even through holo, the enormous projection of the Supreme Leader terrified you to your core. He looked between you and Ren, who stood just as still to your side. You had been both called to a meeting with the Leader. You didn’t know what the Leader wanted, or why he was taking his time shifting glances between the two of you, but you didn’t like it. Something settled in your stomach that made you want to turn around and run out of the room. You rooted your feet to the ground. You wouldn’t run away. You wouldn’t show fear. Snoke relaxed back into his chair. “My two favourite Knights,” he said far too calmly, “you have both served me well over the years.” You felt Ren bristle and tense slightly beside you. His helmet was off, and held beneath his arm. You didn’t dare break your gaze from the Leader’s holo and look over to him. The quit Force messages of encouragement he had been sending was enough. Snoke began to chuckle darkly. “I could get rid of the rest of them and just have you two,” he said thickly, “you do my errands that well.” From the corner of your eye, you saw Ren lower his head in a bow. You did the same. “I have tasks for you both,” Snoke said. He leaned forward in his chair and pointed a shaking finger at Ren. “You’re to accompany a General on a First Order ship.” Ren bowed his head again. You fought the frown that threatened to appear on your face. The First Order? Why in Force name would Snoke send him there? Snoke looked to you next. He casted a look up and down your body. You wore the same armour as the other Knights – black robes with a mask that was held underneath your arm. Your hair was pulled back into a tight braid so it would be out of your face. You held yourself like a Knight of Ren, that was evident. “As for you, my Lady,” Snoke has a faint smile tugging at the corner of his lips, “I want you to go to Hoth.” Dread fired through your body. Ren broke his gaze from the Leader to look at you. “You can’t,” he said quietly. “Do you have something to say, Lord Kylo?” Snoke suddenly barked. It should have made you jump slightly. You were too panicked to even respond. Ren straightened. “Hoth is a dead planet,” he replied as strongly as he could, “it hasn’t been used in years.” “That’s where you’re wrong, boy. I have soldiers there.” Snoke stared at you darkly. “I want you to go there and make sure they do not do anything that could jeopardise our cause.” “Yes Supreme Leader,” you said numbly, bowing your head to him. The Leader waved his hand and the holo flickered off. You let out a sharp gasp. “It’s alright,” Ren said. His arms were suddenly around you as you crumpled to the floor. He gathered you into his chest and stayed with you until the panic was over. You didn’t cry, or shout, or get angry. You were just numb. You did feel fingers run over your back. “It’ll be alright.” Ren wrapped his arms tightly around you and hoisted you up when he got to his feet. You rested your head against his shoulder as he carried you through the dark corridors, growling at anyone – commander, trooper or general maintence – that looked your way. Your own arms wrapped feebly around his neck. Through your journey through the ship, all he said to you was everything will be okay, be strong, you’ll be fine, I swear on my life . You shut your eyes for a moment. You must have dozed off because suddenly you were being lowered onto a bed with silk sheets. When you opened your eyes, you looked around. You were in Ren’s quarters. “I don’t know the ID number to get into your room,” he said gently, pulling at blankets and sheets until they were free to cover you, “I didn’t want to wake you.” A sigh left your mouth as you settled into the bed. “At this point, I don’t really care.” Ren watched you for a moment before he took a seat on the side of the bed, just beside you. “I won’t let you be shipped off to that ice-hell,” he said firmly. You reached out blearily and took his hand in yours. It never ceased to amaze you how big his hands were. Long fingers interlinked with yours. “I know you won’t,” you mumbled a reply. You closed your eyes. After a panic, you always felt tired and drained of all energy. Ren was the same, you knew, except it was his anger. The fire that was in his eyes when he fought the Leader for you still lingered in your mind. “Get some sleep,” he murmured. The bed shifted and you felt him press a kiss to your temple. You attempted to raise your arm in an attempt to bring him down onto the bed with you, but he stood up. “Thank you Kylo Ren,” you muttered into the pillow you were lying on. “Everything will be okay,” you heard him respond before you drifted off to sleep with Hoth in the back of your minds. Chapter 33 : Caleb & Shara - Young Gods (General Rating) Summary: Caleb and Shara's sibling love in their older years. Notes: *pushes tissues towards you all* Just in case... (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Caleb waits for his sister outside the base. His flightsuit is already on, and his X-Wing is waiting, but he needs to see his sister before he leaves. He can hear his Papa calling him, but waves the man off with his hand. Shara runs across the landing strip. Caleb already has his arms open for her to crash into him. “Please be careful,” Shara says into his shoulder. Her arms are so tight around him that the air is almost squeezed out of his lungs. Caleb hugs his sister back, whispering into her hair, “We will.” Shara pulls away and lets her arms drop to her side. She’s a head shorter than him, but big-boned like Papa with the same hair and face-structure as Mama. Everyone says how they look like their parents, and the General even pointed out to Caleb how much he looks like his grandfather. “Where’s Papa?” Shara asks, trying to wipe away a tear that’s falling down her cheek. Caleb nods his head to another X-Wing on the landing strip. He’s standing beside it, flightsuit on and helmet underneath his arm. He waves Shara over, and she starts running to his arms too. Caleb puts on his helmet and readies his comm-link. His father’s pilots all check in with him, mainly Snap and Jess. He checks on his own squadron and they all call back with a universal yes Gold Leader . When they’re authorised to get into their X-Wing, Shara walks swiftly passed his X-Wing, trying to hide the fact that she’s crying. She’s wearing her medical uniform, and still has gloves on. She must have sprinted from the medbay as soon as she heard that they were leaving. He hoists himself into the cockpit of his X-Wing and starts the engine. One by one, the jets climb into the sky. His father goes first, leading his own squad, and then followed by Caleb. “Let’s go,” his father’s voice comms through the comm. “You heard Black Leader,” Caleb says to his own squadron as he sits back in his chair and jumps into hyperdrive. Shara is sitting in her quarters when he comes back. There’s a glass of wine in one of her hands, the other combed through her hair. “You look even more constipated than usual,” Caleb says as he fell down onto a couch to the other side of the coffee table. Shara throws him a hard stare. “Work is tiring,” she explains simply. Caleb lets his arms rest on the back of the couch. He smirks at her. “ You’re the one who wanted to be a doctor,” he retorts, “you have no one to blame but yourself for that one.” Shara looks like she wants to throw the glass in her hand at his head. She doesn’t though, only puts in onto the table between them and groans into her hands. “Our mission went well, you’ll be glad to know,” Caleb says, “Pops is in one piece.” Shara looks up to him. “Don’t even joke about that.” “I’m not.” She frowns. “You joke about everything. It’s annoying.” Caleb swears at her in their father’s native language. He chuckles at the face she pulls as she gets up and wanders through her room. Caleb sighs. “I’ve already talked to him,” he calls out, hoping she can hear him through the rooms of her quarters, “he wants to keep flying.” He hears her snort. “Papa won’t stop flying until someone literally shoots him out of the sky.” Shara walks back into the living room with her dark hair out of its normally tidy ponytail. It’s wavy and hangs just over her shoulders. She runs her hand through it. “He needs to be grounded,” she says firmly. Caleb watches her put her hands on her hips. “He can’t keep flying. Especially not at his age.” “Don’t let him hear you say that,” Caleb replies, “he’ll throttle you for calling him old.” Shara runs her hand over her face and returns to the couch. “I can’t deal with losing him too.” Caleb shuts his eyes. It’s been three years since their mother died. Her death took a bit of their father with her too. They once heard Snap say “the best part of your dad died when your mom did.” “Shara-” “I need one of them here with us,” she says firmly. Caleb admires her voice for not wavering in the slightest. It always does when they talk about their mother. “I can’t lose them both. Not yet.” A silence settles in the room. Caleb sighs heavily through his nose. “I’ll have another word with him.” Shara nods. She folds her arms over her chest and sighs. “Thank you,” she says quietly. She eventually goes to sleep, waving to the cabinet at the side of the living room, saying to Caleb to drink if he wants or else get out. “And stop breaking into my room,” she says and the door closes behind her. When Caleb lets himself into his father’s quarters, he’s surprised to find that one of the table lights is on. He can see his father sitting on a chair with his head resting against his fist. His flightsuit is thrown onto the back of another chair to the side of the room, and the entire room is dark, apart from that one light. “Pop?” Caleb calls gently. His father’s head perks up slightly and he looks at Caleb with bleary eyes. He looks older than he actually his, Caleb notices. “Hey buddy,” he smiles warmly. “What are you doing here?” Caleb shifts his weight and runs a hand on the back fo his neck. “I wanted to talk. It’s about the flying thing-” His father sighs heavily. “I’m fine, Caleb.” “Shara doesn’t think so.” He barks out a laugh. “That girl would like to see me grounded and shackled to the beds of the medbay, just so she could keep an eye on me.” Caleb pauses for a moment. “I would to.” His father frowns at him. “Pop…I’m not saying anything bad about you, but you can’t be a pilot forever. The General wants you to be a grounded commander. I can take over – I’m already a leader of a squad.” His father’s eyes are locked onto him. “Papa please,” Caleb breathes, “just think about it, at least?” His father sighs and nods stiffly. “Alright. I’ll think about it.” Caleb watches his sister carefully. He can hear Jess laughing at his face. He can’t help it if it disturbs him how his sister is being hit on by one of his pilots. She’s already looked over to him, and stared back trying to get him to stop, but Caleb is just as stubborn as his parents. “You look troubled,” a voice says from his side. He looks down to the General. She’s still in her position of leader of the resistance, and he adores her for it. He remembers how she used to look after him when he was a baby. She still looks as beautiful as she did back then. He shrugs his shoulder. “Just have a lot on my mind, that’s all.” The General smiles at him. She hands him a glass of Naboo wine and beckons for him to drink it. “Your father handed in his resignation as a pilot today,” she tells him quietly, smirking to herself when he looks at her over the rim of his glass, “you wouldn’t know anything about that, would you, Commander?” Caleb shrugs again. “I can’t say that I do, General.” The General smirks at him knowingly and they both hang back to the sides of the party. They talk for a while before Caleb looks across the room. He sees her sister and one of his pilots laughing wholeheartedly and smiling at each other. How their parents always smiled at each other. “Love is a curious thing,” he hears the General sigh, “It’s funny. We understand science, politics, human nature and everything in between. But love eludes us.” “That it does,” Caleb hums. The General eventually leaves him, putting her hand on his shoulder and wishes him a good night. It’s another few minutes before he spots his father and Jess to the other side of the hall. Under the soft lighting of glowing lanterns and candles, Caleb can see the dark circles under his eyes and at the corners of his mouth. He hears his name being called. Snap waves him over. “This boy is the strongest man I know,” he says to a group of newer recruits. When he’s close enough, Snap slaps a hand onto his shoulder. “He beat his old man in an arm-wrestle when he was a lad. It took five minutes!” Caleb remembers it well. How he really didn’t want to fight his old man, but eventually beat him in front of his pilots. He remembers being hugged and lifted off the ground by his dad, but then mock-scolded for embarrassing him in front of his squad. Caleb rolls up the sleeve of his shirt and sits down in front of Snap. Snap lets out a boisterous laugh and calls in the first of the newer recruits. “You look nice,” Caleb says quietly. Shara spins around and stares at him. “I’m getting married and all you can say is that I look nice ?” The General is laughing as she pulls back the last few strands of Shara’s hair into the braid. “Let him be, sweetling. He’s a man.” Caleb shifts on his feet. His sister does look beautiful in an ivory and tan-coloured dress that flows down her skinny frame and pools onto the floor. He’s already seen Jak and given him the big-brother speech of “if I hear that you hurt her, I’ll kill you.” Jak had only smirked back saying, “You’re getting in line behind your father.” Caleb watches the General wrap a gold bracelet around his sister’s wrist. “Have you seen Pop yet?” Shara shakes her head. “No, he hasn’t come in. Have you?” “No.” The General looks at them both. “He went for a walk in the forest this morning.” That’s all Caleb needs to know to drop the subject. They buried their mother out in the forest with a few other members of her squad. They were lucky that they ever had a body to bury, especially after the crash and the battle. Within a few minutes, their father steps into Shara’s quarters in his full uniform. His breath leaves him. “You look beautiful, sweetling,” he smiles warmly. Shara sends Caleb a stare. “Beautiful? That’s better than nice , wouldn’t you say Caleb?” “Shut up,” he mutters. Their father walks up to Shara and takes her arm in his. The General slowly walks away, letting them have a moment that’s just quiet enough that Caleb can’t hear. She walks to the man’s side and takes his arm. “Come on then commander,” she smirks and leads him out of the room. Caleb never saw so many people out on the landing strip in his life. He saw something close to it when his mother died. The funeral was huge, but he suspects it was because of the other bodies that were returned too. When his father dies, the landing strip just isn’t big enough for them all to stand on. He was there when his father left. The image is so clear in his head – how he waited by his father’s beside, with Shara beside him. One hand was on her slight bump and the other on her father’s bed. He still remembers what his father said. His father looked straight ahead, at the door of the room, but his eyes on nothing there. Caleb remembered how he smiled. “It was only a matter of time, (Y/N).” The General leads the funeral, saying words that Caleb doesn’t quiet hear. He’s standing with Shara near the front of the gathering, but his mind is somewhere else. Shara leans her head on his arm. He’s too tall to offer her his shoulder instead, but lets his arm come around her shoulders and draw her into his side. Rey and Finn are there. Every so often, they look over at the two Dameron children. Rey’s eyes are red, but she doesn’t cry. Finn just looks as distant as Caleb does. “…now his light is gone,” the General finishes. Her voice is strong, but her shoulders and slouched and she just looks…tired. She looks to Shara and Caleb. Caleb only gives her a firm nod. The usual funeral was a pyre ceremony. When Caleb had to tell the General that their father was dead, she understood when the next words out of his mouth were, “we want to bury him near our mother.” They did just that. His pilots carry his body in a simple wooden coffin. A few soldiers bring the lanterns and candles with them as it’s dark outside, and the forest is just so silent, Caleb wants to scream to break it. The General leads them, with Caleb and Shara just behind. He knows that if his arm wasn’t supporting her, Shara would have fallen to the ground. She hasn’t stopped crying since their father left. He presses a kiss to her head. “It’s not fair,” she chokes, “it’s just not fair .” Caleb looks over to her husband. He quietly walks over and takes her, letting her bury her face into his chest. The General turns to Caleb. They’re standing just outside where they buried his mother not a few years before. The grave markers are still there, and so are the flowers they would planet beside the graves every few months. He nods to the General. “This is where he always wanted to be.” The pilots pass him with the coffin. He returns to feeling ice-like inside, numb and emotionless as they dig into the ground, lower their father in, and return the soil over the coffin. The General says one final prayer before the funeral is over. The people scatter, slowly walking back to the base. Caleb is left in the dark as they take their candles and lights with them. The moonlight is just enough for him to see the hump of dug-up dirt on the ground. Something inside of him snaps. He lets out a blood-curdling scream into the clearing. It carries over the lake and bounces back on the trees at the other side. It echoes and echoes, making whisper birds flee form their nests and take noisily into the sky. He collapses onto the ground. Notes: Carrie Fisher doesn't age. She lives until the world ends, and then rules over the ashes after that as an eternal Goddess. With my (EXTREMELY) bad math skills, Poe is in his 30's when TFA starts. Caleb and Shara are about 24 and 20 when this happens, so he's in his 50's. Chapter 34 : Luke Skywalker + Finn & Rey & Poe - History Has Its Eyes on You (General Rating) Summary: I'm moving some of my works to this one, so that all my Star Wars drabbles will have one home :) Luke counsels the trio. Inspired by "History Has it Eyes on You" from Hamilton All four of them sat around a table, waiting for the next to speak. The General had left, retiring to her room. Poe didn’t comment, but the shadows that danced along her eyes just showed that she was leaving to mourn, not to sleep. He had seen the same look too many times for it to be something he couldn’t pick up. Rey, Finn, Skywalker and him all sat in silence for minutes after Leia left. She had done most of the talking as soon as Rey returned with Luke – making commands on what to do next and how quickly it would need to be done. If Poe had to be honest, he didn’t think that he first meeting with Luke Skywalker would be like this. Force, the cloaked man at the other side of the table looked broken – the type of broken he had seen in his father’s eyes when Poe’s mother died. Rey shifted in her seat to Poe’s right. “When will I start my training with you, Master?” she asked quietly. Luke’s frowned hadn’t disappeared since stepping onto the base, but it only deepened under the glow of the holos in the middle of the conference table. “We’ll need to find somewhere secluded. Somewhere safe,” he explained, “it could be a while.” Finn was sitting on the other side of Poe. He had been discharged from the medical wing, and confined to a wheelchair for now until his spine healed properly. Luke looked between all three of them. He sighed. “You’re the new kids,” he said softly, “the ones to take our place.” Finn tilted his head. Luke sat back in his chair. “My sister and I,” he began, “Han…we all fought our wars. This one is for you three, now.” Rey squared her shoulders. “We’ll do our best.” Luke gave her a small smile – a tiny twitch of the lips. “I know you will,” he said quietly. The room went back to being silent, with the only sound coming from the holos. Luke sat back up in his seat and rested his hands on the table. Poe’s eyes went straight to the metal one. “This is your war to fight,” he repeated slowly. His eyes flickered over each of the three around the table. He took in a deep breath before continuing, “Let me give you some advice before you jump into your X-Wings and start swinging lightsabres around.” Poe gave a sideways look to Finn. The man, although his spine was healing sat ramrod straight in his chair –ever the Stormtrooper in how he still held himself upright. “When you go to war, you’re going to be remembered for it. That’s a given. I want you to understand that how you’ll be remembered will be out of your control.” The feeling in the room became heavier. Poe grew up on stories of Luke Skywalker – stories that his parents told him when he was a boy. Poe squared his shoulders. “My advice to you three is to be careful,” Luke said solemnly. Rey perked up. “We’ll be okay, Master. Poe’s the best pilot the Resistance has-” Luke shook his head. “I have no doubts that you’ll be careful in that sense,” he looked to Poe. Under the man’s watch, Poe straightened in his chair. Luke paused for a moment. “Be careful about how you’ll be remembered,” he clarified. He gathered his robe around him and strolled to the door. He looked over his shoulder to the three at the table. “History has its eyes on you.” Let me tell you what I wish I’d know When I was young and dreamed of glory: You have no control Who lives, who dies, who tells your story. I know that we can win, I know that greatness lies in you But remember from here on in: History has its eyes on you. Chapter 35 : Luke/Han + Leia/Han - Satisfied (General Rating) Summary: Luke stands aside while Han and Leia fall in love. It was the right thing to do. That’s what he had told himself over and over again until his mind grew numb to the words. The first time he met Solo was in Mos Eisley’s cantina. He had forgotten the presence of the Jedi next to him. He ignored the comments thrown his way by the other aliens around them. Looking straight through the bar in the middle of the cantina, he saw him. The Jedi had brought him to the smuggler, trying to earn a pass to Alderaan. He couldn’t take his eyes of the smuggler. Something about him was intriguing, and Luke couldn’t place it. Whether it was his eyes, or how he held himself in the private booth, or even how he was so sure of himself, Luke was slowly falling in love. It continued for a while – the joking, the comradery, the feeling of losing himself to something other than the Light or the Dark. Then they rescued his sister. He didn’t know it at the time, but it only made it so much more awful when he learned that Leia was his sister. He saw it first when she put that award medal around the smuggler’s neck. He looked sideways to where the Princess had stood, smiling brightly at the smuggler as she flattened the strand of fabric around Han’s neck. That was when the cracks in his heart first started. After all of the mess with the Empire had been done, when his father was dead and he and his sister knew who they finally where, that’s when the cracks deepened. Luke stood by and watched the smuggler marry his sister. He stood there to the back of the ceremonial hall and just watched. Its better like this , a voice in his mind told him. Whether or not it was his own, he didn’t know. She’s happy now . She’s happy now. That’s what made Luke’s decision. I know my sister like I know my own mind: You will never find anyone as trusting or as kind, If I tell her that I love him, she’d be silently resigned. He’d be mine. She would say I’m fine. She’d be lying. Chapter 36 : Rey/Reader - Waterfalls (General Rating) Summary: For the lovely MysteryPig who requested Rey and waterfalls (and I do agree that Bigar is beautiful (I'd live there if I could)) Notes: I'm sick. One of those damn students gave me the Black Death. I'm going to die. Jesus Christ teenagers are the worst. If you knew where to look, D’Qar was a beautiful planet. The forests were thick and full of animals. There were rolling green hills and mountains just past the edges of the forests. Then, if you really knew where to look, you could find waterfalls and rivers. You had lived on the planet and the base long enough for you to know the terrain like the back of your hand. Rey knew this. As you easily hopped over logs and fallen trees, she struggled behind, using her staff to help her get footing on the logs and hoist herself over. “How do you even do this?” you heard her yell at you. Being a few metres in front of her, you pulled yourself up and over another log. “You get the hang of it,” you laughed brightly. She slid down onto the floor and readied herself to climb the next one. “It’s better if you get a run at it.” Rey sprinted to the log and easily got a footing on the log’s branches. “There you go,” you laughed breathlessly. Rey had never seen anything green in her life, and you knew this. It was mostly why, whenever you both had free time, you brought her out to the forests and the terrain of D’Qar and showed her as much as you could. Rey eventually stood to your side. She leaned against her staff, gathering her breath. “We still have a good bit to go,” you chided as you took off through the forest floor. It was relatively flat after the chaos that was the last few miles. You heard Rey shout after you, followed by her quick footsteps as she easily ran after you. Nestled away in the middle of the forest was a clearing with a waterfall. You broke through the last of the trees and stumbled out into the clearing. The river bank was steep as you tried to slow down. When Rey burst through the trees, you held out your arm and slowed her down. Her eyes grew wide. “Force,” she whispered. Even the rocks on D’Qar were green. They were covered in moss, which you knew was slippery so you led Rey to a patch of rocks that were uncovered. You sat down, and Rey fell down beside you, putting her staff to the side. The waterfall was small, but beautiful. An overhanging rock let water stream down the sides, creating a little sheltered space beneath it. Rey noticed it. “Can we go under it?” You bit the inside of your cheek. “We could, but we didn’t bring any spare clothes.” A few minutes went by before you frowned. “Rey, um, if you don’t mind me asking, can you even swim?” Rey shook her head. “Nope.” “The lake isn’t shallow, you know,” you explained. You had jumped into the lake enough times with the other pilots to know how deep it was. Poe once claimed he reached the bottom one time when he dove down, but you didn’t believe him. You looked at her blankly. “I still want to go under it,” Rey pressed. She took your hand in hers and dragged you to your feet. When you both got as much clothes as you could off of you, you slid into the water first. It wasn’t cold, but it wasn’t warm either. Rey watched you carefully as you pushed yourself off of the rocks and swam out a bit. “Come on then,” you smiled up at her. She slid down onto her haunches, and then toed the water. Rey slowly slid into the water. She jumped in suddenly, falling into your arms. You had enough strength in your arms to hold the both of you above water, but you held her close to you. “Just kick your legs,” you told her. When she did, you slowly distanced yourself. “Use your arms too,” you smiled at her as she slowly followed you through the water. You were always a strong swimmer, so you kept close to Rey just in case. You headed for the overhanging rock, shaking your head as the stream of water that fell down drenched your hair. Rey followed you inside. There was a small line of rocks that you could hold onto. Rey grabbed onto the rocks and rested her arms on it. “This is strange,” she told you suddenly. You laughed. “What is?” “Water,” she said. She skimmed her fingers over the water, watching how it rippled behind the movement. “Water was so scarce on Jakku.” You could imagine what it was like. You had never been to Jakku, but Finn had told you enough grumbled stories about the planet to let you know what it was like. You watched her carefully for a moment. “Would you ever like to go back?” Her eyes flickered over to you. “You said to me once that you were to wait for your family there,” you said softly, “do you ever want to go back?” Rey was silent for a minute before she shook her head. “I’m happy here,” she said slowly. Her fingers picked at the rocks absentmindedly. “Finn and you…you’re my family.” Warmth spread through your cheeks. You smiled brightly. Rey looked out to the falling curtain of water that surrounded you. She watched it for a while before looking back to you. “I’m glad I found BB-8 that day. I wouldn’t have met you otherwise.” You edged your way over to Rey. You could see that the sun was starting to set, turning the water a rich orange colour. The water would also start getting cold, and if you were to make it back to the base without anyone noticing, you would have to leave soon. When you were close enough you brought your hand to the back of Rey’s neck. Your thumb played with the hairs at the back of her neck as you brought your lips to hers. One of her arms went around your shoulders as she pulled you closer. You both wadded through the water enough so that Rey’s back was pressed against the rocks and your arms encased her. Rey moaned softly against your lips. She pulled away and rubbed her nose against yours. “We should go,” you mumbled softly, with little or no conviction behind it. Rey hummed. “We should ,” she said, tracing your cheek with the back of her finger, “but just a few more minutes.” When you both returned to the base, you snickered at the sight of Poe and Finn watching you. Your hair was still damp and tied back into a loose ponytail. Rey’s arm was linked in yours as you strolled past. “The Light-damn waterfall,” you heard Poe mutter under his breath. Looking over your shoulder you saw him throw his hands up in the air. “Why didn’t I think of that!?” Chapter 37 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Bumps (General Rating) Summary: When pregnant with your child, Poe can't stop sneaking touches on your baby-bump. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You were warm when you woke up. Your shared quarters with Poe were always warm. Poe kept it that way because it reminded him of Yavin’s climate. You didn’t care about the heat. D’Qar had some pretty cold days, so when you were able to walk into a warm room, you were always grateful for it. You rubbed at your eyes and looked to the holoclock on the other side of the room. It was barely five in the morning. You had a late-starting shift, so you wanted to get as much sleep in as you could. As you shuffled around slightly, you realised that the heat was coming from Poe’s body. His chest was pressed to your back, with his arm tight around your middle. A few minutes of silence passed before you smiled to yourself when you realised Poe’s hand was on your stomach. Even in his sleep, his thumb was rubbing the bare skin of your stomach, from where your shirt had riled up during the night. Your stomach was barely even a bump. Only you and Poe knew about your baby, and you had a feeling that the General knew too, but she never asked. In his sleep Poe’s arm tightened around you and brought you closer to his chest. His hand eventually stilled over your stomach. It didn’t happen often, but sometimes you and Poe accompanied the General on meetings outside of D’Qar. You were always in your full uniform – your shirt and jacket starting to get a bit tighter now that the months were ticking by – and walked with the General wherever she went. Even on official business, Poe wouldn’t stop resting his hand on your stomach. The first time it had happened was when you both were keeping an eye on the General. Through the crowds of the gathering, you saw her smiling brightly and talking with a senator from the host planet. You took your eyes away from her when you felt Poe’s hand creep to your stomach. “Of all times to do that?” you raised your eyebrow at him. Poe gave you a crooked smile and remained silent. A few senators and generals of other armies wandered your way. Each of them asked the same questions – what was the Resistance fighting for exactly , how did you all expect to win against the First Order, and everything in between. A passing senator, a Naboo native you recognised from the traditional dress code, stopped before you and Poe. He exchanged glances between the both of you before he bowed his head. “Congratulations,” he said simply, before being shuffled away by his accompanying guard. Poe’s arms tightened around your waist. You bit back the comment that was rising in your throat. We’re on a job, Commander Dameron, and you need to keep your hands to yourself or so help me Light- The General was suddenly beside the both of you. Her warm grin that she had been wearing all day was long gone as you suddenly realised how tired the woman must be. Poe’s arm dropped from your body as he strode forward, leading you both out of the large hall and into the main hotel where you were staying. Before you could fall behind to protect the General’s back, her arm linked with yours and she tugged you gently to your side. “Everyone was asking about my two officers,” she whispered gently, not loud enough for Poe to hear, or anyone around you. There was still conversing going on between senators and dignitaries. The General smiled warmly at you. “Did you think you could keep something like that from me?” Your mouth hung open for a moment before you started to stutter out, “we were just waiting, I mean, we don’t know-I mean we know , but you have to wait don’t you?” The General waved her hand at you and laughed softly. “I’ve been through the process myself dear. I’m only kidding.” Her arm tightened slightly around yours as you were both led through the hotel’s lobby. Poe kept a few feet in front of you, bypassing other guards and senators as he cleared a pathway for both you and the General. He looked over his shoulder every minute or so, and flashed you a bright smile every time. “I won’t tell a soul,” the General whispered in your ear when you were both stood in front of the elevator waiting for it. Poe looked over with a frown and you waved him off. The General looked over to him and then back at you. “I’ll be expecting to be the tyke’s grandmother, of course.” You couldn’t help the giggle that came out of you. “Grandmother, aunt,” you listed off, “you can be them all, General.” When you had said your goodbyes to the General, you decided to turn in for the night. You strolled idly down the long dimly lit corridor of the hotel before an arm snaked it way around your hip. You were pulled into Poe’s side as he pressed a kiss to your forehead. “You were totally out of line tonight,” you said, but with no real heat behind the words. True, the fleeting touches of your stomach could have been kept to a minimum, but you slightly enjoyed it. It was far too early to feel anything from the baby inside of you, but even the look on Poe’s face when he got to touch you always astounded you. Poe hummed against your temple and let his arm wrap around your shoulders. You slid your key card out of your uniform pocket and opened the door. “ When you started to show, Poe’s parental feelings went off the charts. You were grounded – although not officially because the General still needed you to run errands and teach the newer pilots how to fly – but by Poe’s standards, you were grounded. You were lucky to have a few minutes in the corridors alone before someone – not necessarily Poe – had to remind everyone there that you were pregnant and needed your space. It started with Snap, the prick. You still remember the boisterous laughter that echoed through the hangar when Poe told him. You were working on your own X-Wing when you were suddenly engulfed in two strong arms and pulled up off the ground in a tight hug. So, as acting-uncle-of-that-Dameron-spawn , he felt it necessary to start something with the pilots. You had the faintest bumps. One that could only be shown through your black tank top that you usually wore around the hangar for when you were repairing or doing maintenance. You stared at your middle in the mirror for too long before you eventually left your room to start the day’s work. You were walking along the hallway for a total of three minutes before a loud voice thundered through the hallways. (Three minutes, though. That was a new record.) “EVERYONE CLEAR THE WAY,” Snap effectively hollered through the hallway. There were a few people in the hallway that fixed you with curious glances, others smiled but kept walking in whatever way they were going. You glared through the crowd at Snap, who threw his head back and laughed. “You’re a dead man, Snap,” a voice came from behind you. You spun around and saw Poe standing near you with his arms crossed over your chest. “Put a bounty on him,” you told Poe sternly. The man laughed and wrapped his arms around you. You frowned at him. “I’m serious Dameron. I want that man dead.” “Leave him alone,” Poe mumbled and kissed your forehead. His hands rubbed your back – something that was starting to get sorer as weeks went by. “He’s one of my best pilots, I need him alive.” “I’m the mother to your child,” you said lowly. You raised yourself onto your toes and pressed your lips to Poe’s. You pulled away slightly, “I mean, if we’re going to be pulling ranks…” Poe chuckled and kissed you deeply, the kind of kisses that made your toes curl and warmth spread through your body. In the third trimester of your pregnancy, you had an impressive bump. The General grounded you – something inventible, but you were still annoyed about it – and you couldn’t walk very far before your back and/or ankles began to get sore. Most of your days to the end of your pregnancy were spent in your shared quarters with Poe. When he went off on missions or scheduled flights, you stayed behind to filter through reports and letters to families of your pilots. The General recently told you and Poe to let your pilots write and send holos to their families. It kept everyone’s spirits up. When Poe left for his last mission before you were due, you stood out on the landing strip with him. It was a strange feeling, seeing all of the pilots and their X-Wings out on the strip, and you not suited up with them. Poe rested his forehead against yours. “I’ll be home as soon as I can,” he said gently. You nodded silently, not trusting yourself to say anything. Poe’s hand rested against your bump. His fingers splayed out over the fabric of your shirt. “Don’t get here without me, little guy,” he said gently. You couldn’t help the smile that spread over your face. “You don’t know that it’s a boy,” you replied. “I do,” Poe smiled brightly at you, “I just know.” You didn’t realise how much you missed Poe until he was gone. You sat back on one of the couches in your quarters, against a collection of pillows and blanket to support your back. One of your hands held onto your holopad as you filtered through reports of your previous missions, and the others rested against your bump. Every so often your baby would kick against your hand. “Wait for Papa, little one,” you said to the empty room, “wait for Papa.” Poe returned within the week. You woke up during the night to see him slipping into bed beside you. His flightsuit was thrown somewhere into the dark room as he settled down on the bed and pulls the blankets over the both of you. As you slowly fell back to sleep, you felt Poe wrap his arms around you and rub small circles on your bump. “How is he?” Poe mumbled sleepily. You snorted. “ They are fine,” you replied, wincing slightly at the kick your baby gave at the sound of Poe’s voice, “happy to hear you again.” Poe hummed. You both fell asleep after that, but you woke up again during the night at a sharp kick your baby gave. You frowned and rubbed at your stomach, trying to settle the baby down again. They were strong, especially during the night, so it wasn’t strange for them to kick. As minute when by, you gasped at another sharp pain that coursed through your middle. You pressed your hand a bit firmer to your bump. At least you waited , you thought to yourself as you turned to Poe to wake him up. Poe was holding your son almost two hours later. You sat back against the medbay bed, exhausted and sore, but you watched Poe carefully with a small smile on your face. There were a few nurses still in the wing, checking on your readings and making sure you were okay. You waved them away as easily as you would have if you came back from a mission. When the last of the nurses left, Poe turned to you. “Here, hold him,” he said gently, handing over the small bundle in his arms. Your son was a tiny thing, wiggling in your arms with an angry red face. You hushed him and rocked him gently, moving slightly on the bed so Poe could sit beside you. “He’s perfect,” you said softly. Eventually he settled down with a big yawn, and fell asleep against your chest. You looked up to Poe. He was staring at the baby in your arms. “He doesn’t seem real,” he replied, “he’s just… too perfect.” You ran your finger over the baby’s face, and through the dark wisps of hair on his head. Just outside the medbay, you heard voices that you placed as Jess and Snap. Poe looked up to the door. “We’ll be swarmed,” he said simply. You laughed. “The General is out there,” you replied, leaning against his side and sighing contently, “she’ll give us as much time as we need.” Poe’s arm went around your shoulders as he held you to him. The baby in your arms shuffled occasionally, wiggling his arms out of the blanket and reaching for nothing in particular. “He’s going to be spoiled,” you said ruefully. Knowing Snap and Jess, and the other pilots of your squadron, you didn’t doubt for a moment that your son would have everyone wrapped around his little finger. Poe pressed chaste kisses to your temple. You turned your head to capture his lips in yours. The doors to the medbay opened and the General stepped through. She raised an eyebrow at you and Poe, then nodded her head to the outside. You heard Snap outside, demanding to be let in as the acting uncle. Poe snorted and waved them in. “Light help us,” he whispered to you as your pilots filed in. You giggled. “Light help us.” Notes: Author Note: Babies are more active during the night because when you walk around with them, you're rocking them to sleep. So when you're trying to sleep, but staying still, that's when they wake up. Also, shout-out to the Queen Mother who said I kicked like a rugby player when she was having me. I do have shapely yet strong legs. Chapter 38 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Dying Light (Teenage Rating) Summary: Poe and the Reader share a moment after raiding a First Order ship. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was ironic in a way. On a ship that was completely black and void of any light, everything around you was too bright. You shuffled to the side of the hallway and leaned heavily against the wall. There were blasts in the walls and the control panels that lined them were scattered along the ground. Among the parts of the ship were Stormtroopers. You spotted a few Resistance men and women and you winced. They were your men and women. And now you sat against the wall of a hallway alone. You thumped your head back against the wall and breathed deeply. You hand pressed against your side. A trooper managed to shoot you when you had led your pilots through the breach. The bastard was dead a few metres away thanks to one of your women’s sharp shooting. She was dead just beyond him. Tears pricked at the back of your eyes. The commlink you had in your ear hung around your neck. You had pulled it out because you just couldn’t stand the silence of it anymore. While you had lain there, bleeding on the floor of the First Order ship, staring at the dead bodies around you, you heard nothing . Your side hurt like hell. You managed to stop the bleeding by keeping your hand pressed to the wound, but it hurt. Your eyes slipped shut as you breathed deeply. Noises were coming from everywhere. Your head rolled to the side and you peered your eyes open. Through hazed vision you saw a pilot clamber over the bodies on the ground and over to you. The wound on your side was taking its toll – you were tired. You just wanted to slip your eyes shut and go to sleep. The shaking on your shoulder kept you awake. “Leave me,” you managed to mumble out. You tried to open your eyes again and shut them tightly again. The world was spinning and slipping away. “Stay with me,” a voice was telling you. It was lost in the haze of your mind. Suddenly your arms were pulled upwards and you fell forward into a hard body. You gasped as white-hot pain shot through your side. You slapped away the hands that were trying to move you and you fell back onto the wall. When you opened your eyes, you let out a small sob at the sight of Poe. He was general untouched, with just a few scratches and bruises on his face and neck. He wasn’t looking at you at all. His eyes were locked on your side. Looking down at yourself, you saw that half of your middle was stained in blood. The pain was slowly slipping away. “We need to go,” he said when he finally gathered himself together. He took your hands in his and looked up to you. His brown eyes had fire in them. He gently pulled you towards him and you sobbed in pain again. “I know, love, I know it hurts,” he said gently as he quickly let go of one of your hands to wrap his arm around your waist. When he had you supported against him, he slowly brought you both to your feet. The world was spinning too quickly. “Poe,” you clawed feebly at his back. Your head thumped into his shoulder as you were slowly slipping into unconsciousness. His arm around you tightened. It took a moment for you to realise that Poe was gently rocking you as you caught your breath. The searing pain in your side was putting too much pressure on your chest. Breathing in was painful. Breathing out even more so. One of your hands went to the back of his neck. “Please,” you gasped. Poe leaned down and caught the back of your knees in his arm and hoisted you into his arms. You winced at the pain it caused, but you rested against Poe’s chest as he carried you through the hallway. “You’ll be just fine, love,” he said over and over again like a mantra, “just stay with me. We’ll be home soon.” You hand one arm around Poe’s shoulders. Blearily you rolled your head to the side and saw your fingers stained in red. You thumped your head into Poe’s shoulder. “I’m going to die Poe-” “- No you’re not -” “-Just let me go,” you whispered. Your eyes slipped shut, ignoring Poe’s harsh choked off orders to keep them open. You didn’t know how long Poe must have carried you, but after what seemed to be hours of stepping through fallen men and women, you felt a gust of wind blow over your skin. You shivered at the feeling. You were outside now. Resistance officers were running around gathering whoever else had fallen during the fight. Poe was looking around frantically before he breathed out harshly. You tried to follow where he was looking, but you were suddenly wrapped in a blanket. “Get her onto the main medical carrier,” you heard a man’s voice say. Snap. Poe carried you to the ship. Other soldiers and pilots were already being strapped into beds and chairs. Most of them had minor injuries, but some cleared off of beds when Poe stepped on with you in his arms. A nurse was suddenly at your side, slipping an IV into your hand and strapping you to the bed for lift off. Lying on the medical bed, your eyelids felt heavy again. You waved your free hand out and Poe caught it, bringing your knuckles to his lips and kissing them. “Stay with me,” he whispered, “please don’t go.” You swallowed thickly. The pain in your side was torture. The nurse still lingered even as the ship lifted off of the ground and attempted to get into space. She put a nasal cannula around you and let you breathe in. It still hurt to breathe, but at least the air was clean and not full of smoke. Poe remained rooted to your side, only shifting slightly when the nurse wanted to check on you. His hand was locked in yours. “Commander Dameron,” a soldier said from the cockpit. Poe turned around. “The General wants an update on the mission, sir. She wants to talk to you specifically.” Poe looked to you. “Go,” you said, your voice sounding dry and cracked. “I’ll be right here.” Poe begrudgingly left your side, only wandering over to the cockpit to take the call from the General. He was too far away for you to listen to the conversation, but the look on his face told you all you needed to know. You had taken the base, but at what cost. You had been on the floor with many of your fallen soldiers. You knew how many the Resistance had lost. You closed your eyes and waited for sleep to take you from the moment. The nurse pushed morphine through your IV. “This should help manage the pain until we get home, Commander,” she told you warmly, “I’ve already called the base – they’ll be expecting you when we land.” “Good,” you replied quietly. At some point you must have fallen asleep because when you opened your eyes again, you saw brilliant light coming in from the door to the Poe stood from his place beside you to let the medics roll you off of the ship, through the landing strip and into the base. He kept close, following behind the medics. You saw the General. When you were set up in the medical wing, one of the doctors that you knew, Vavi, was scheduling an operation for your side. “It’s a clean shot,” he told you when he examined your side, “but I’d still like to make sure nothing important is hit.” You were in and out of surgery in an hour. Poe was let in fifteen minutes after you were released, and the General was close behind. She strode quickly through the wing before falling into a seat by your bedside. “I thought you were dead,” she said, grabbing your hand tightly. Your eyes stung. “I didn’t know where you were. No one did. Thank Light Poe found you. I could have left you there-” “-Leia,” you said firmly. The use of the General’s name made her stop talking. She gathered herself and gave your hand a squeeze. “I’ve merely lost too much, sweetling,” she said quietly, “I lost one child. I can’t lose you too.” Poe slowly slipped out of the room. He always did when you and the General spoke intimately. She brushed her fingers at your hair, pushing stray strands of it back from your face. “I don’t know what I would do if I lost you too.” Talking about Ben was always a sore subject. You never knew what to say. You remained silent. She patted your hand and breathed out heavily. “Vavi says it’s a clean wound,” she said, “you should be okay to leave in a week.” You nodded. Poe eventually came back with two cups of water. He put one by your bedside and handed the other to the General. She thanked him and then left you two. “I’ll check on you before nightfall,” she said and then left. Poe sat down on your other side. He gestured to the cup of water. “You need to drink,” he pushed. You sipped at the water, coughing only a minute later at the feeling of it against your dry throat. Whenever one of you were in the medical wing, the other would sit by their side. It was always in silence, and it never felt weird. If you were a sappy type, you would have put it down to the point that you were thankful that the other was alive. Although it was true. “You did well,” Poe said after a while. You were about to drift off to sleep. “Hmm?” you mumbled. Poe watched you carefully. His hair was all over the place. The scrapes and bruises on his face were still red, with one cut above his eye still bleeding slightly. He looked so tired. Just as tired as you felt. “The mission,” he clarified, “you did well. Although the whole getting shot thing might have been a bit much.” You gave him a blank stare. “It’s too soon to be funny, isn’t it?” You nodded slightly. “Alright,” he said. You eventually went to sleep in the medbay. You had been here so often that it was easier than you thought. In some weird and strange way, the constant beeping of machines and hushed talking of the medics that wandered the bay were oddly calming. You woke up at some point during the night. Poe was still by your side, sitting slumped over in the chair he rooted to your bedside. His hand was in yours and his head leaning against his other arm on the bed. You blearily raised your other hand to his hair to card through the curls there. He huffed a bit in his sleep. “Go to bed, idiot,” you mumbled. Poe blearily waved his hand. “You can visit tomorrow.” “I’m fine here.” “I can get Gina to come and kick you out,” you threatened lightly. Gina was the best nurse that the medic wing had. She was also Poe’s public enemy number one. Poe was like you, gracing the medical wing all too often. Gina was always in charge of patching him up. She was a strict woman, but lovely and caring. Poe’s head shot up and he glared at you. “You wouldn’t dare.” You smiled coyly. “Try me, Dameron.” You knew Gina was on shift now. Poe eventually shoved himself away from the bedside and slowly got to his feet. He reached behind you to help move around the pillows against your head, and pulled up the blanket to your chest. “Are you sure you’ll be okay?” he asked as he pressed a kiss to your temple. You waved him away. “Go back to our room Dameron,” you said through a yawn, “I’m stable now. Vavi said so.” Poe stayed for a moment, but then eventually left. Gina caught him just as he was leaving, and you snickered to yourself at her cursing at him to leave you alone. “She said I could stay!” he retorted. You heard Gina cursing to herself in her native language before she came in to check on you. Her scowl turned into a warm smile as she checked on the stitches at your side. “It’s healing already,” she told you as she shuffled back the blankets so you were warm even in the cool medbay. Gina put her data into her files. As she typed, you saw her eyes flicker up to you. “You were shot,” she said plainly. You shrugged your good shoulder. “It comes with the job,” you replied, “You’ve seen me and Poe shot countless times.” Gina made a noise in the back of her throat. “That’s true, but you’ve never been hurt so bad to make the General sick with worry.” You frowned. “What?” Gina folded her holopad under her arm and slid the partition of your room shut. “Just between you and me,” she said in a hushed whisper, “the General is sick. The job is too much for her. She’s lost too much, and it’s not good for her: physically or mentally.” You took in this information. “The General is a strong woman,” you said coolly. Gina nodded. “I know that, but she’s still a person. No matter how strong a person is cracks can still be there in their armour.” You rested back against the bed. “I’ll leave you for tonight,” Gina said as she strode to the partition. It was still early, so you had no problem drifting off to sleep again. Thoughts for the General stayed in your mind even as you slept. You had been so close to death. You didn’t want to leave her. Or Poe. The General has always been the stoic one. In the years you had been on the base under her watch, you saw her cry twice – when Ben left, and when word reached her about what Ben had done. Before you drifted off to sleep you made a silent promise to stay. The General didn’t need another loved one leaving her. Notes: I had conflicting opinions about this one? I went with the other plan, but the OG was to have the reader die and then have Poe just...sit there with her? *shrugs* I'm still very ill, physically and mentally, so alas writing isn't up to par. Chapter 39 : Han Solo/Reader - Helpless (General Rating) Summary: Han meets the Reader in a cantina. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The sooner you were off this planet, the better. After a few weeks of drifting aimlessly through the outer rim, you hadn’t picked up any work. No one was looking for a smuggler or a thief. You’d never been this bored in your life. Eventually Mos Eisley Cantina caught your eye and you stumbled in for a drink. The days on Tatooine were too hot for your liking. But you were being watched by other smugglers, so you kept your head low. Inside the cantina was a bit too crowded. You scanned your eyes over the inside quickly and spotted no garb of any smugglers you recognised. Your entrance earned a few stray glances from a few patrons to the bar, but they turned away with a quick stare back from you. The heat from the sun outside was still on your skin as you pulled off your jacket and slung it over your shoulder. You tapped the bar and ordered one of the light blue coloured drinks. The Aqualish behind the bar eyed you carefully. “I haven’t seen you around here before,” he said in his own native language. You smiled coyly. “That’s not necessarily a bad thing,” you replied back in the same language. The Aqualish’s eyes widened as you took your drink and went to one of the booths engraved into the wall. There was a free one just to the back of the cantina. Good , you thought to yourself. You wouldn’t be disturbed. No jobs were coming in. It was something that stayed on your mind constantly. You were used to jumping from one client to the next, and never staying in the one place for too long. But the fact you didn’t have a job to do annoyed you. You didn’t have many credits left, and you needed money fast. You drank leisurely while watching everyone in the cantina. Places like this were good to pick up jobs. Transport of either people or substances were what you dealt in, but you learned never to turn anything down. Your eyes eventually fell onto another booth. Among the strange and colourful alien races already inside the cantina, you cocked your head at the sight of a Wookie. You never saw one in real life. The beast stood in front of a booth talking, or what appeared to be talking, to a man inside. You leaned forward and rested your chin on your hand. The man looked to be a smuggler. There was this certain air about smugglers that identified them to each other. The Wookie threw up its arms and left the cantina, wading through people all too happy to get out of its way. Your eyes went back to the man who was sliding out of the booth and strolling over to the bar. You abandoned your own drink and went to the bar. The man leaned against it on his forearms, trying to wave down the barkeep that was too busy breaking up a fight between two Besalisks. You slid up next to the man. “You might as well stop trying,” you said, “Besalisks can go at it for hours.” The smuggler turned around to face you. You gave him a coy smile. “I’ve had the misfortune of fighting one before. Eight arms on a female Besalisk is a bit much, don’t you think?” The smuggler’s eyes ran down your body to your feet and then back up to your face. “I suppose it is,” he replied coolly. He leaned his side against the bar and faced you. He was easily a head taller than you, built well but lean with eyes only smugglers have – dark and dangerous, but curious. You leaned against the bar too. You were a few inches apart, thanks to the crowding at the bar that resulted because of the fight. Over at the other end of the bar, you could see the two Besalisks throwing wide punches and haymakers. This really could go on for a while. “You’re not one of Jabba’s goons are you?” the smuggler asked. You watched his hand go from the bar to his side, just inside his jacket where you spotted a small blaster. You shook your head. “Not at all,” you replied. You reached forward and took his hand in yours, bringing it into the space between you so you could keep an eye on it. The last thing you needed was to be shot in a cantina in Tatooine, of all places. That wasn’t how you wanted to die. The smuggler looked down to his hand which was clasped lightly, but firmly, in yours. He gave you a lazy smile. “Then who do you work for?” “No one.” “There must be someone.” You shook your head. The smuggler laughed. “Then how did you end up out here?” “Boredom,” you replied honestly. “It’s been a while since I’ve had a job coming my way.” The man hummed. “So you’re sight-seeing?” It was your turn to laugh. “Somewhat.” The smuggler moved closer to you. You watch the movement carefully. The fact that you were used to the advances of men, and sometimes women, made you used to watching a person’s body language. Sometimes you used it to your advantage. There were times in bars around the galaxy where it paid to have a body in front of your own just in case someone unfavourable walked in and spotted you. You shifted your weight on your feet. “You mentioned Jabba,” you said not as softly as you could have. The smuggler fixed you with a look when it earned you a few stray glances from people at the bar. A slow smile spread on your face. “Are you in trouble?” The smuggler frowned at you. “That’s none of your concern, princess.” You shrugged a shoulder. “I think it might be,” you replied. You took a step towards the smuggler. “If you’re asking about Jabba, I think it might be some of my business.” The smuggler turned back to the bar. You had spent so much time watching the smuggler that you didn’t notice that the two Besalisks were gone. The smuggler waved down the barkeep and ordered a drink for himself. He looked to you. “Make it two, actually,” he said to the bartender. The Aqualish grumbled something under his breath and went to the pumps of drinks behind him. “Jabba the Hutt,” you muttered to yourself. The smuggler looked at you again. You made a face. “Quite the Hutt to piss off, if you ask me.” The Aqualish slid two drinks to you both. The smuggler took a gulp of his before he leaned down to your height. “Could you keep your voice down?” he said through a smile. You mirrored it. “I would rather not have his goons hear you.” “If you’re in trouble with Jabba, I imagine he’s got a pretty big bounty on that pretty big head of yours,” you smirked lazily. The smuggler’s mouth fell open. “ Big head ?” “I said it was pretty,” you retorted. You picked up the drink on the bar and knocked it back. The ruby coloured liquid was sweet, yet slightly tangy as you swallowed it down. The smuggler’s eyes darkened. “I don’t work for Jabba, and I never will,” you said. “I said more or less the same thing a few years back,” the smuggler muttered into his drink. He took another gulp of the drink before he put the glass back on the bar. You took another step forward until you were standing close to him. His body was warm, probably from the sun outside. “I’m looking for work,” you said simply. The smuggler opened his mouth to respond when the doors to the cantina burst open. Your eyes fell shut nd you sighed heavily when your name was shouted through the cantina. An Arcona stood at the door, his hands on his hips as he surveyed the cantina. Eventually his large golden eyes fell on you. “You whore!” he shouted, “You think you can skip out on our deal?” The smuggler in front of you chuckled. You smacked his arm. The Arconan saw the smuggler. “And you’re trying to make a deal with someone else now? Trust me, friend, you don’t want this woman doing anything for you.” You stared at the Arconan. Hem Dazon was his name, and you wished you had put a blaster shoot into him as soon as you left Arcona. The smuggler turned to face the alien with the usual swagger he had been showing you since talking with him. You kept to the bar, lowering the hand closest to it to your waist where you kept your blaster. “I think you owe the lady an apology,” the smuggler told the alien. Arconan’s are just void of any facial expression that wasn’t anger or irritation, but you knew the feeling was genuine as he stood in front of the smuggler. Dazon was tall, taller than the smuggler. “I will give her what she deserves when she tells me what she did with my shipment!” “It’s where it’s supposed to be,” you hissed at the alien. The smuggler turned to you and gave you a look that just said shut up . The Arconan balked. “If it’s where it’s supposed to be, then why did I get a comm from my contact there asking where it is?!” You opened your mouth to answer but the smuggler held up his finger. “It’s all a misunderstanding, I’m sure,” the smuggler said coolly. You could have snorted. A misunderstanding. The shipment was gotten rid of, yeah, to someone who paid a bit better. The smuggler pushed him away from the bar and stood in front of the Arconan. He flashed the alien a smile. “I’m sure whatever your debt with her is, she deeply regrets it. But I don’t think this is the place to be settling things like this.” You peered around the cantina. The band was still playing to a corner of the bar, but some of its patrons were watching you carefully. Some had their hands to their sides. For Light’s sake- The smuggler pats the Arconan’s shoulder. He suddenly pulled the alien away and wadded over to a booth and away from the main part of the bar. You stayed behind, unsure whether or not to follow. The smuggler looked over his shoulder and flashed you a lay smile. The pair eventually stood in front of a booth. Through the crowd of the cantina, the Wookie you saw with the smuggler came back in and stood behind Dazon. The smuggler flashed him a broad smile when the alien turned around only to look straight into the Wookie’s chest. “I’m sure the lovely patrons of this cantina wouldn’t want any trouble,” you heard the smuggler say. He clasped his hand on the alien’s shoulder again. He pulled the alien back slightly to say something into his ear. Dazon looked between you and the pair before begrudgingly leaving the cantina. The smuggler waved the Wookie away, letting the creature go into a booth. You leaned your back against the bar as the smuggler sauntered back to you. “I could have taken care of myself,” you protested. He nodded. “Of course,” he said absently. You frowned at him. “Thank you, though,” you mumbled. The smuggler’s grin grew. “Hem Dazon is a prick.” The smuggler waved at the barkeep for another drink. “We tend to work with pricks,” he replied. You watched the smuggler. Resting his arms on the bar, he looked to the bottom of the bar at another commotion happening. Cantina’s weren’t safe places for very long. His profile was beautiful, even under such dim lighting of the bar. You tried to stop down the feeling that was pooling in your stomach. The smuggler chuckled to himself. “If you keep looking at me like that, I think I might have to act on it.” You frowned. “Excuse me?” He grinned lazily at you. You shook your head. “You’re unbelieveable,” you sighed. “I thought you said I was pretty?” “I can retract my compliments,” you argued. The smuggler pressed closer to you. “Han Solo,” he introduced himself, catching your hand and bringing your knuckles to his lips. The feeling in your stomach spread around your body. Stop it . “I already know your name,” he smiled against your knuckles. He kept a hold on your hand as it dropped between you both. You could feel his heartbeat in his chest from how close you were standing. Screw it , you thought to yourself as you pressed your chest to his. Your free hand went behind him to his back. The fabric of his jacket was rough and dusted with dirt and sand from outside. He was so warm, you noticed. “You need work?” he asked you with a raised eyebrow. You nodded simply. “I know a guy who would love to run errands with someone as lovely as yourself,” he smiled. You rolled your eyes. “I don’t think-” “-He’s a dear friend of mine. He wouldn’t do anything you were uncomfortable with.” The smuggler wrapped an arm around your shoulders as he led you away from the bar. You followed along, wrapping your arm around his back. “I’ll send a message to him. His name is Lando Calrissian.” Your hand ventured down Han’s back. There was a wad of credits in his back pocket, you noticed. The arm around your shoulders tightened as you were led to the booth where Han had been in the first place. The Wookie there looked up at you and gave a low growl. “Oh stop,” Han tisked, “she’s fine. She’s a smuggler, just like me.” The Wookie growled a bit louder this time. “I’ll have you know that I can be a very good judge of character!” The Wookie looked at you again and seemed to squint its eyes at you. Han let you slip into the booth before he followed after you. You were hoping to get to the seat on the outside, just in case you needed to make a run for it. Bastard, you thought. He knew that. Han told you about Lando and what he does. You’d heard of Cloud City since you had to do a running job there a few years ago. “I can make it there by myself,” you said after Han offered you a ride. He looked to the Wookie and then back to you. “Nonsense: what ship would you take?” “My own.” Han made a face. “Is it fast?” “Faster than yours, I’m sure.” “I doubt it.” You rolled your eyes at him. “You are insufferable, do you know that.” The Wookie grumbled and Han threw up a hand. “So you’re on her side now?” You sighed and pushed at the smugglers shoulder. “I can make it there myself,” you pressed. Han looked straight into your eyes. Something between the two of you clashed in the middle as neither of you offered to drop your gaze. Han was the one to crack first. He patted his hand down on the counter and slid out of the booth. Once he stood up he held his hand out for you. “My lady,” he said coyly. You stepped out of the booth and were pulled into an embrace by Han. You put your arms around his waist. “Take care,” he said when you pulled apart. You strode away from him easily, wading through the cantina. A few vendors stepped out of your way while others watched you go. You slapped a few coins down for the barkeep before you left. Back at the booth the Wookie growled at Han. “I know she took my credits,” he replied tiredly. He reclined against the couch of the booth and put his foot up on a stool. The Wookie growled again. “She needed money, but wouldn’t take it from me. Not directly, anyways.” He sniffed. “She’s a good little pick-pocket, I’ll give her that.” Notes: For a friend of mine who wanted to meet Han in a cantina. *I may have been slightly pushed into this by Hamilton's HELPLESS again...* *I have been slightly pushed into this by Hamilton's HELPLESS again* Chapter 40 : Han Solo/Reader - Life (General Rating) Summary: Han and Reader discover that they're expecting. Sometimes you were thankful that Han slept heavily. Chewie on the other hand, not so much. The Wookie met you on your trip back from the bathroom of the Falcon. The horrible taste of vomit was still in your mouth as you washed it with a glass of water for the third time that night. As you past his bunk, the Wookie called out to you. “I’m alright,” you assured him, waving him away as you strode back to your bunk with Han. The Wookie made a noise in the back of his throat, but went back to sleep. You sat on the edge of your bunk and put your face in your hands. Fuck . Han softly snored behind you, burying his head into his pillow. Fuck, fuck, FUCK. No matter what situation you were in, somehow the phrase “BECAUSE WE’RE SMUGGLERS” always seemed to answer it. Now though, it didn’t seem like a good enough excuse. Han ran his hands through his hair as he paced around the living quarters of the Falcon. You sat silently on one of the long couches, toying with the bottom of your shirt. “Explain it to me again,” Han said tiredly. You stared blankly at him. “Honestly, Solo. If you don’t know how human reproduction works then-” “-Don’t be like that!” Han pointed a finger at you. He made a noise in the back of his throat. “Don’t be joking about this!” You went back to poking at the bottom of your shirt. Toying with the fabric was the only distraction that you were going to get. Chewy had walked in and promptly walked out when you and Han were screaming at each other. You wished the Wookie had stayed. He always picked your side in arguments. Han ran his hands over his face and breathed out harshly. “Y-You’re pregnant?” You nodded silently. Han’s arms dropped to his sides. He strode over carefully to the couch you were on, sitting down on it just beside you, but giving you enough space. You didn’t look up at him at all. “I’m not even going to insult you on asking whether or not it’s mine,” he said lowly. Your head snapped up. He held up his hands. “I’m just...” he ran his hand through his hair and blew out a harsh breath. “I’m trying to figure this out.” “Imagine how I feel,” you said lowly. Han took your hand in his. His fingers wound through yours and he rubbed the back of your hand with his other one. “I’m sorry,” he said. “It was just a shock, that’s all.” “Imagine how I feel,” you repeated. Han didn’t slide closer to you on the couch. He didn’t wrap an arm around your shoulders and pull you into his side. He didn’t do any of the things that he usually did when you were feeling lost or confused or anything in between. He just held your hand. “We’ll figure it out,” he said softly, “we always do. Remember that time on Naboo where we had to pretend to be married?” A small smile tugged at your lips at the memory. “Or the time Lando tried to make a move on you and Chewy near threw him off of Cloud City.” You giggled lightly. “What about the time we were stuck on Arcona with your crazy-ex-” “-Okay, firstly, he isn’t my crazy ex ,” you corrected him, “he’s not even my ex.” Han hummed. “Minor details,” he admonished, “the thing is that if we can overcome your crazy ex gunning us down then we can do anything.” You nodded. The back of your eyes were starting to hurt from unshed tears. You sniffled and suddenly Han’s arms were around you in that familiar hold. “If you want to cry, cry,” he told you as you began to choke back tears. “I won’t tell anyone that you have emotions like the rest of us.” You smacked his shoulder. It turned out that being a pregnant smuggler wasn’t as easy as you first thought. You flopped back onto your bunk with a heavy sigh. You toed off your boots and let them drop to the floor. Your jacket had been thrown somewhere in the Falcon. Where, you weren’t sure. You could find it later. At five months, you had a small bump. It was still a strange thing to see whenever you looked down at yourself. Your shirt was starting to get a bit tight around your middle, but you still had a few weeks left to wear it. Han was still out on an errand, as was Chewy. You tucked your arm behind you head and slowly fell into a light sleep. The Falcon was well hidden in a rocket-yard and you had the thing locked down tighter than a fortress. No one would be bothering you. After a short nap, you heard Chewy growl from the hallway, followed by Han’s hushed voice. “You’ll wake her up!” You smiled to yourself. “I’m awake,” you called out. You heard Han curse. The smuggler fell down onto the bunk, propping himself up on his elbow and looking down at you. You frowned at the sight of a cut just above his eyebrow. You lifted your hand to inspect the cut, but Han batted your fingers away. “It’s nothing,” he said as you fussed. “Who cut you?” you asked. The cut looked to be from a blade and not a blaster. Han huffed a laugh. “Doesn’t matter. The prick is dead now.” You smirked at him. “Good.” Han caught your hand in his and leaned down to capture your lips in a chaste kiss. You hummed against his lips. “How’s the tyke?” he rubbed his nose against yours. “You’re spawn is beginning to find their feet,” you growled before catching his bottom lip in your teeth. Your other hand cupped his cheek at first, and then went to the back of his neck. Your fingers entwined with the hair on the back of his neck. Han pulled away but rested his forehead against yours. “Chewie will be piloting,” he said softly, “you have me all to yourself.” You made a noise in the back of your throat. “Having you to myself was how we got in this mess.” Han snorted. You pecked a kiss to his lips before he settled down to your side. You sighed contently. The Falcon hummed back to life as Chewie prepared to take-off. Han rested his hand on your middle, letting his fingers spread over the fabric of your shirt. You watched the movement. Han always sneaked touches at your stomach ever since you started showing. Han pecked a kiss to your temple. “I like that you’re showing,” he whispered into your ear, catching the bottom of it in his teeth lightly. “I get to say that I put it there.” “HAN,” you gasped at him. He laughed into your shoulder as you tried to hit him. Chapter 41 : Finn/Reader & Poe Dameron/Finn - Satisfied (General Rating) Summary: Inspired by Hamilton's Satisfied, aka, Angelica deserved better. The Reader meets Finn at one of the Resistance's parties, and Poe is just helpless. Notes: Lyrics to Satisfied are included, with pronouns changed from she - he because Poe isn't Eliza (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There weren’t a lot of weddings on D’Qar. When there was, the General tended to let everyone go all out. Weddings lifted spirits. They helped many of the people on the base forget about what they were actually there for. You knew a few people who hated weddings, but they were the ones to laugh and dance the brightest in hopes of forgetting about the war. Poe and Finn were married in the morning, and the celebration was still going strong even in the late hours of the night. You stayed to the back of the hall, watching the celebration in front of you. Poe had been your friend ever since walking onto the base. It wasn’t a secret that you were both close. You could gladly call Poe your older brother – a lot of the pilots filled similar roles. They were a family unit that you were dragged into when you started flying for the Resistance. I remember that night, I just might Regret that night for the rest of my days: I remember those soldier boys Tripping over themselves to win our praise. I remember that dream like candlelight Like a dream that you can’t quite place… The General tried to hold as many parties and celebrations as she could. She never joined them herself, preferring to continue to work with her operations officers while the rest of the base forgot all about the war. They forgot about it for the night, anyway. In the massive hall, you could see Poe from across the room. Through the laughing and drinking people that flooded the middle of the dancefloor, you could see him laughing with his pilots. Snap and Poe eventually moved onto an arm wrestle. One of these days, you thought to yourself, they would break the other’s arm. Snap was a bigger man, but Poe was stronger. The hall was always decorated the same for parties. Softly glowing lanterns and candles were the only light in the dark hall, giving enough light for people to see, but creating a warm feel to the base. In the middle of the hall people were dancing. Some had paired up, others danced in large groups. You stayed to the side of the hall. The parties were more Poe’s thing. He dazzled the room when parties came about. They just weren’t your thing, but you showed up to them anyway. You liked forgetting about the war too. Poe had just returned from Jakku. You had been so worried – the General had told you that he had been captured. You were just thankful that he wasn’t harmed. He still had nightmares. You don’t just escape the First Order without some form of scars. Especially mental ones. There was talk of a new arrival on the base. Han had returned, much to the General’s delight, but there was someone else. You didn’t get to see the new person, but you had heard all about him from Poe– I’ll never forget the first time I saw your face. I’ve never been the same- -Intelligent eyes in a hunger-pang frame. And when you said “Hi” I forgot my damn name; Set my heart aflame, Every part aflame, This is not a game! “Penny for your thoughts?” You spun around at the sound of someone speaking behind you. Poe had told you stories about him. The second he arrived back he had been telling you stories constantly, often times well into the night. You might have hit him with a pillow during the night, but he deserved it, acting like a love sick puppy. The man he was talking about was standing in front of you. You really didn’t blame Poe, anymore. “Hi,” the new man smiled at you. You introduced yourself, albeit over a slight stumble in your words. You messed up your own damn name, idiot , your mind chided at you. Suddenly everything was just a bit too warm. The glass in your hand nearly slipped out of your grasp at the sweating of your palms. You were never like this with people. What the hell was your body doing? “You’re a pilot?” the man asks. You nodded simply. “Yeah, I fly with the Green Squad,” you offered. As you took in the man’s appearance – dark skin, short black hair, at least a few inches taller than you and well built – you noticed. “Isn’t that Poe Dameron’s jacket?” you asked, pointing to it. The man rubbed the back of his neck and let out a nervous laugh. “Yeah, he let me have it.” “It suits you.” The man laughed. “That’s exactly what he told me,” he replied. The man eventually introduced himself as Finn. You knew everything about him already, mostly thanks to Poe and his endless ramblings, but you let Finn talk nonetheless. He was explaining how he and Poe had gotten away from the First Order – a story Poe had told you a hundred times – when you eventually looked over to him across the room. I want to take him far away from this place, Then I turn and see my (brother’s) face And (he) is helpless; And I know (he’s) just helpless, And (his) eyes are just helpless, And I realised three fundamental truths at the exact same time. You linked your arm with Finn’s. He looked down and raised an eyebrow at you as you led him through the party. With every step you took, your eyes focused on Poe on the other side of the hall. His eyes were wide, and a small smile was starting to appear on his face. “Where are you taking me?” Finn asked. You tried to smile. “Well Mister Big-Deal, I’m going to change your life.” Finn stared at you for a minute before he chuckled. “Then by all means, lead the way.” When you reached the other side of the hall, Poe had his hand on the back of his neck. You nodded to Poe. “I think you two have already met,” you smiled at Finn as you dropped his arm. Finn looked over to Poe and gave him a brilliant smile. “He got us away from the First Order.” You slowly stepped away from the pair, retreating back into the party. Soon the noise was too much – it surrounded you and drowned out everything Poe and Finn were talking about. You didn’t hear them talking, or joking, or laughing, and you were silently thankful for it. You swallowed thickly and fought against the panging in your chest. As you cleared through the last few people in the middle of the hall, you noticed Snap and Jess watching you. Snap, ever the big brother he had been to you over the years, frowned and mimed an are you okay? You nodded simply before you left the hall and stumbled out into the cold night air. You walked and walked until you hit the landing strip. Tugging your jacket around yourself you stayed on the landing strip for Light knows how long. The cold crisp air was enough to shake the effects of the alcohol from you as you were left alone with your thoughts. Snap eventually joined you. “I know what you did,” he said lowly, with none of the usual jeer or sarcasm behind it. He stood close to you. “I know that you liked him.” You snorted. “I knew him for a minute,” you replied dryly. Snap shrugged and stuffed his hands into his jacket pockets. “Still.” You stayed out on the landing strip for a while, eventually moving into Snap’s side to warm up when the night started getting colder. A strong arm wrapped around your shoulders. I know my (brother) like I know my own mind, You will never find anyone as trusting or as kind: If I tell (him) that I love him (He’ll) be silently resigned. He’d be mine. (He) would say ‘I’m fine’- (He’d) be lying. Rey’s arms came around your shoulders. “You did a good thing,” she whispered into your ear. Over the loud music and celebrations, you almost didn’t hear her. But you did. You swallowed thickly. “I suppose.” Rey’s arm tightened around you, hugging you to her body. Just as you were close to Poe, you were now getting closer to Rey. “To the grooms,” you cheered, raising your glass high in the air. Pilots, soldiers, medics and everyone in the hall did the same, cheering loudly for the two men. Through the forest of raised hands, your eyes locked with Finn. And I know, He will never be satisfied, I will never be satisfied. Notes: *LIFE UPDATE I decided to write about Satisfied because, not only is it one of my favourite songs from Hamilton (not my favourite, but one of them), but I actually had an experience of it recently. Yep. I'm in love with my friend, but handed them over to someone they liked instead of having them to myself because...well...I was Angelica. I would love that even more, if I wasn't so damn heartbroken over it. My tumblr ask box is so empty guys! It's actually strange. If you have any requests at all, send them my way :) Even if it isn't for Reader inserts. I will gladly do characters (as long as I ship them (but I am a dock-master so ships are my thing (pun)) Chapter 42 : *Poe Dameron & Reader - Coming Out (General Rating) Summary: Poe needs to tell his best friend something. Notes: *MENTIONS OF HOMOPHOBIA* (it's not explicitly dealt with, but it's talked about with the Reader) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe had this thing he did whenever something was on his mind. You were his oldest friend so you knew a lot about him. You knew that he was a portable heater, and a great hugger. You knew about every bet he and Snap made, and then listened to him complain about it when he lost. You don’t grow up with someone and not notice things about them. There was a knock on your door. “It’s open,” you called out, returning to flicking through reports and schematics the General had sent you. They were spayed out over your bed as you sat crossed legged in the mess. Poe stuck his head in the door, and slowly stepped inside. “Hey,” you patted a free-space on the bed for him to sit. Bunks weren’t very big in quarters, but you and Poe weren’t tall people, so you managed to fit on the same bed without much trouble. When something was wrong with Poe Dameron, he went to you for support. Everyone knew that. It had become a sort of joke to the General – if you can’t find Commander Dameron, she would tell her officers, just assume he’s with Commander (Y/L/N). It was true. Too many emotional talks had been had on this bed. You were a mess at the best of time, and with Poe being in charge of a squad, you both had your share of mental and emotional issues. Poe sat down silently and clasped his hands in front of him. “Spit it out,” you muttered. You didn’t even hve to look at him to know something was wrong. When you looked up form a report resting on your crossed legs, Poe was rubbing the back of his neck with his hand. “I, um, I need to…” he blew out a harsh breath. He chuckled breathlessly. “I thought this would be easier with you, but obviously not.” You slid the report off of your leg and slid closer to him, ignoring the fact that soe of your reports were getting mixed up. “You can tell me anything, you know that right?” you said as you put a hand on his shoulder. “You don’t have to if it’s making you uncomfortable. We can talk about something else-” “-No, um, no,” Poe shook his head, “I need to tell you now. I-I, um…” You watched him wrestle with words for a few minutes before he put his face in his hands and sighed heavily. You rubbed his shoulder, moving your hand down his back. He shot back up and took in a deep breath. He turned on the bed to look at you directly. “I’m gay,” he got out. It was a strange moment. The words sort of hung in front of you. Behind them was Poe, staring at you with wide eyes waiting for a response. “Okay.” Poe stared at you for a moment, almost expecting you to say something else. You shrugged. “I already knew, but okay.” “You knew!?” You put down a file that was in your hand. “It’s not like I don’t see you oogling that Stormtrooper of yours-” “-His name is Finn,” he corrected you, “and I don’t oogle him.” You smiled coyly. “Yes you do.” Poe fell back onto your bed and flung and arm over his eyes. “I’ve been working up the courage to tell you for days now, and you already knew.” You shrugged a shoulder. “I’m an amazing judge of character, what can I say.” Poe peered at you from under his arm. “Are you okay with it? The whole,” he waved his hand, “me being gay thing.” “Of course I’m okay with it!” you frowned. “Who isn’t?” “(Y/N).” “Tell me who they are and I’ll fight them.” “ Light (Y/N) ,” Poe sighed. You brought all of your files together and flung them to the floor. You lay down on your back with Poe, your head resting on his chest as you lay downwards on your bed. Your head rose and fell with his breath, and you reached out to pull his arm away from his face. “I’m very proud of you for telling me,” you said softly. Poe sighed. You waited for him to speak. Silence fell between you. “If anyone in the base is being an ass to you, you tell me, right?” you looked up at him. “The General already knows.” “That’s nice,” you pressed, “but you tell me .” Poe snorted. “And what are you going to do?” You waited for a minute. You linked your fingers with Poe’s. “I’ll make them stop.” “I’m totally going to get you and Finn together.” “Please don’t.” “I’ll be so subtle, you won’t even notice.” “(Y/N).” “It’ll be my finest project.” “ Light .” “You can thank me at the wedding.” You paused. “I am being your best-person aren’t I. I better, Poe Dameron. I would make the best best-person.” Poe dissolved into laughter. The type of laughter that made his eyes crinkle. You giggled along with him, moving around on the bed until you were lying beside him on your stomach. You rested your head on your crossed arms. “I don’t think you should be planning the wedding just yet,” Poe smiled at you, “I haven’t even asked if he likes me yet.” You hummed. “I don’t think that’ll be a problem.” Poe’s eyes widened. You slipped off of the bed and made your way to your kitchen. You called over your shoulder. “Your oogling hasn’t gone unnoticed.” “I don’t oogle!” Notes: Based on real events. This is how I came out as bisexual to a friend of mine, and his exact reaction was "Cool story friend, but I already know?". I wish everyone else had been that simple, but hey ho :) Chapter 43 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Maelstrom (Mature Rating) Summary: The Reader learns, and deal with, Poe's capture by the First order. Notes: There is smut in this. Bad smut. But smut nonetheless. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There was one thing – one big thing – that you and Poe shared personality wise. No one ever thought you were capable of anger, but when you were, it was terrifying. When the news reached you of Poe’s capture on Jakku, Snap came between you and the commander who was sent to tell you. You didn’t need Snap there. It helped, but he wasn’t needed. “I suggest you go back to whatever it was you were doing before this conversation, boy,” Snap said down to the commander, watching him turn on his heels and bolt from the hangar. It was too quite. Other pilots were watching you. The news of Poe being captured must have travelled fast. “Get back to work!” Snap yelled out into the hangar. The pilots instantly went back to whatever it was they were doing before silence had fallen. Some tripped over themselves as they hastily did what Snap told them, but the man turned back to you. Poe’s gone , your mind repeated over and over again. The First Order was notorious about taking prisoners. Notorious because you never got to see those prisoners again. If you did, they didn’t look the same. Snap’s hand came to rest of your shoulder. “Breathe,” he said lowly. You could already feel it building. The rage. If there was something around to throw, you would have thrown it. Snap probably kicked away your cart before he walked over to you. Bastard. You sucked in a harsh breath and pushed yourself away from your X-Wing. “I need air,” you excused yourself quickly, and ran out of the hangar. You kept running through the pain that was building in your chest and legs, your blood pumping through your ears blocking out the rest of the noise around you until all you could hear was your own ragged breath. When you stopped running, your let your exhausted body fall into a tree trunk. You slid down onto the mossy ground of the forest, breathing harshly to catch your breath. The forest was quiet, with the only sounds being the soft calling of whisper birds and the rustle of leaves overhead. You sucked in a deep breath and screamed, making the birds above you take to the sky with quickly flapping wings. Despite what the rest of the base had to say, you and Poe weren’t joined at the hip. You both had your missions that meant you would have to be away from each other from days to months at a time. When you managed to have days off with each other, you used them to the best of your ability. It was late when you went back to your room. Poe and you had been sharing his for a few weeks now, letting your old room to another recruit. Your stuff was mingled with his – trinkets and ornaments you both collected from spending time on strange and new planets. An old red shirt of his was thrown on the back of a chair. You let yourself fall down onto your bed. The anger was still there, burning deep inside you, but you were too tired to care about it anymore. It was slowly being replaced with sadness, longing and something else that you couldn’t place, but it hurt your chest. You threw off your own jacket, shirt and pants before slipping on Poe’s shirt. It smelt like him, the unique smell of faint tobacco and citrus shampoo. There was eventually a knock on your door. Sleep wasn’t coming for you, evidently, as you stared up at the ceiling of your quarters. “It’s open,” you sighed. You weren’t surprised to see the General slide into your room. Her hand hovered over the light switch, but seeing you in bed, she let her hand drop to her side. “I thought you might want some company,” she gave you a warm smile. The people of the Resistance called you the General’s daughter. It was somewhat true. After joining the Resistance, you were raised by her, and even know, you can’t help but look to her as a mother. Your eyes began to sting as she strode forward, gathering you in her arms and letting you sob into her shoulder. “It’s going to be okay,” she said softly, “I’ll get him back somehow.” After spending so long in the forest, you were surprised you could still cry. Exhaustion settled into your bones and your eyes began to hurt, but you still wept into the General’s shoulder as she combed her fingers through your hair and hummed a lullaby to you. The General stayed with you for the night. She had a portable holopad she carried everywhere, and put out the comm that if she was needed, she was in your quarters. You heard the silent message of don’t disturb, only if absolutely necessary . Lying back down on the bed, you realised how empty a room could be without Poe. It was something you noticed maybe an hour or two after Poe would leave for missions. His warm smile and laugh was gone, and nothing remained. It was empty and cold and you hated it. The General stayed with you though. Even as you turned around to face the wall, her presence there was welcomed. It was an anchor. “Go to sleep, Commander,” the General said lowly. You looked over your shoulder and saw her typing quickly on her holopad. Her eyes flickered over to you. “Go to sleep.” You turned back around and buried your head into Poe’s pillow. There was no doubt in your mind that Snap was the best big brother you had. You decided to roll out of bed one day, almost cursing at yourself for spending days in it and not speaking to many people outside of your friend circle. Your hair was a mess and your eyes were bloodshot and sore from crying, but you didn’t care. You were outside, breathing fresh air. What you didn’t like was the glances you were getting from people. You appreciated them. A lot of them came from your friends. They were concerned. There was no word on Poe’s status, and you definitely had seen better days. You just didn’t like how they acted like you were made of glass all of a sudden. “I know you don’t like it,” Snap said as he slid closer to you. You agreed silently with him when he asked did you want to work on your X-Wing for a few hours. The routine of checking it over was something familiar to you, and it managed to occupy your mind for a moment. You looked up to him. “Can you say something about it?” you asked, reaching for a wrench. “Could you, I don’t know, beat them up or threaten them in some way?” Snap snorted. “I can’t do that.” “Some brother you are.” “I’m not your brother,” Snap smiled down at you as he leaned against the hull of your X-Wing. “Blood-wise, anyway.” “Thank Light,” you muttered under your breath. The banter between you two always managed to cheer you up. Sure, you weren’t laughing as brightly as you used to, but it took your mind away from the fact that no one could tell you where Poe was, or how he was doing. Working on the X-Wing was the best idea Snap’s had recently. He pulled small smiles from you every so often with terrible puns and jokes, then recalling stories about himself that you’ve never heard before. The hangar was mostly empty, with all of the pilots already sent out by the General looking for Poe. You presumed that was what she was working on the first night she spent by your side – organising the squads. Snap nudged your side. “Princess?” You shook your head. “Sorry,” you smiled, “lost in thought.” Snap watched you carefully, and let you turn back to your X-Wing with an arc welder in hand. Poe Dameron was barely on the ground of the landing strip before your body crashed into his. He staggered back a few steps, taking you back with him. Your arms were tight around Poe’s neck, and you could feel him laughing as he pulled you just as close. BB-8 chirped happily at your feet. “I was so worried,” you whispered into his neck. Poe rocked you gently. You felt him press his lips to the top of your head. “I’m home,” he breathed. You pulled away. “Yes, yes you are.” The droid at your feet circled you, beeping and chirping to get your attention. You lowered yourself down to BB’s height and patted the droid’s head. “Hi there buddy,” you laughed breathlessly as BB rolled towards you and you wrapped your arms around the droid. The droid eventually rolled back and looked up to Poe. You raised yourself to full height. Poe hugged you tightly against him, rocking you gently. When you both pulled away he raised a hand to cup your cheek. His thumb gently ran over your cheekbone as he smiled at you. “Tell the General to ground you,” you whispered, “I can’t go through that again.” There was a cough from beside you. You pulled away from Poe enough to look over to the man standing to the side. He was Poe’s height, built slightly bigger and wearing Poe’s jacket. You looked back to Poe with a raised eyebrow. “I’ll explain more later,” Poe laughed and pressed a kiss to your forehead. The man looked between the two of you, and you were suddenly aware that your arms were tight around Poe’s shoulders. You loosened them slightly, refusing you unlock your fingers from behind his neck. “This is Finn,” Poe smiled at the man and then turned back to you. “He’s the one who rescued me.” You dropped your arms from Poe’s shoulder and turned to face tha man. He held out his hand for you to take. “I’ve heard a lot about you,” he smiled. His gaze flickered over to Poe. “He talks a lot about you.” You took Finn’s hand and shook it firmly. You held onto it for a moment before you hugged him tightly. His arms hesitated before they went around you. “Thank you,” you whispered. Between the exhaustion the past few days put on your body, you weren’t surprised to have fallen asleep beside Poe when you retired to your room for the night. Planning a new strike against the First Order got under way, and for the first time in what seemed to be months, the General had a plan of action. Poe would be flying again soon, but you relished as much time as you could in your room. You rubbed at your eyes when you felt him get up out of bed. You pulled his pillow close to you as you watched him walk to the other side of the room and turn off the holomovie you both stopped watching about halfway through. In nothing more than loose sleep pants, you could see all the fresh cuts and bruises he had on his back and shoulders. When the holo was off, he turned around and walked back to bed, smiling warmly at you when you held out a hand to him. “Don’t go,” you whined. Poe got back underneath the sheets and pulled you close to his side. You rested your head on his shoulder and let your fingers trace the new markings on his chest. Poe’s arm went around you. “It’s alright,” he whispered. It wasn’t. You knew that. He would have to leave soon. You would too. From listening in on the meeting the General held, you knew you both weren’t going to the same place. Poe was going to be shooting down the Starkiller Base. You were going to recruit more foreign senators to the Resistance cause. You threw your arm over his middle and pulled yourself close to him. “In the morning,” you mumbled against his lips. Poe rested his forehead against yours and hugged you tightly. “In the morning it is.” Waking up slowly in the Resistance wasn’t common. Usually one of you was already out of bed, throwing clothes onto the other nad pulling yourselves together quickly before darting out the door to whatever duty you had on that day. You didn’t get to watch the morning sun shine in through the uncovered slats of the windowsill, or how they crept slowly through the room as minutes went by, lighting up the room slowly. You didn’t get to turn your head to the side and see Poe equally as blissed out in sleep as you, smiling softly to himself as his arm was thrown over your back. You shuffled around on the bed, crossing your arms underneath your head and watched Poe wake up. His eyes eventually fluttered open. “Morning,” you whispered, untangling a hand from underneath your chin to run over his shoulders. His skin was warm underneath your touch and he sighed happily. “Morning.” The arm Poe had over your waist pulled you closer to him. You laughed when he buried his head back into the pillows and tried to fall back to sleep. You hand travelled further down Poe’s shoulders, eventually reaching his back. The bumps of old and new scars ran underneath your hand, but you ignored them. You were mindful of the new injuries he had – still somewhat fresh even though you didn’t know how long it was since he was out of First Order hands. Your hand eventually met the sheet that hung lowly over his hips. You were close enough to his shoulder that you could press light kisses to the skin there, trailing to the junction of his shoulder and neck. Poe hummed. “I promised you something last night, didn’t I?” You smiled against his skin. “You did.” Poe was silent for a while, eventually letting out a deep sigh. “I want to sleep.” “You can sleep later.” “Can I?” he peered over his shoulder to you. His eyes were dark but warm, watching you carefully. Wordlessly you turned over onto your back, pulling gently at Poe’s arm that was still around you. He lifted himself off of the bed and hovered over you. “You were gone,” you said, framing his face with your hands, “I thought I was never going to see you again.” Poe’s eyes flickered shut as he leaned into your touch. “I would never leave you, especially not like that.” You swallowed thickly. “I thought you were dead.” Poe leaned down and brought his lips to yours. Slowly he let his lips travel along your jaw, down your neck, and to your partially exposed collarbones. He hummed happily against your skin, carding his fingers gently through your hair. Then he was back at your mouth, kissing hungrily. You felt his hands twist out of your hair and start to tug at your nightshirt – his shirt, undoing the laces at the neckline and exposing the top of your chest. “You need to stop wearing my clothes,” he muttered, kissing along your collarbone. You giggled breathlessly. “I thought you liked me in your clothes.” Poe hummed again. “That’s the point.” Poe reached for the bottom of the shirt and helped you out of it, tossing it somewhere into your room. Then his face was back to yours, and his tongue darted into your mouth. You kissed for a little while with your hands still in his thick hair and his own running up and down your exposed torso. “If you’re going to complain about me sleeping in your clothes,” you breathed against his lips, “you need to stop sleeping naked.” Your hand you had on Poe’s back wandered down low to his waist, slipping under the sheet that hung low on his hips. Poe was smiling brightly at you – the smile that overtook his face and made his eyes crinkle. Which, thinking of his teeth, there they were nibbling down your neck and then around your chest and breasts. Then his mouth trailed down your stomach in little kisses, getting sloppier and needier the lower he went. His mouth leapt to the inner flesh of your thighs, and you fought the moan that kept trying to escape your lips. Play this game, you thought. Don't let him know how he could wrap you around his fingers and make you come undone. You gasped as his mouth continued to wander. His lips brushed past the pulse point of your neck. He breathed against it, smirking as he knew it drove you mad. You let out a moan when his fingers were back on your skin. Poe and you learned each other’s bodies months ago. You knew what to do to drive the other man. You wrapped your legs loosely around his hips. Poe kissed you gently, letting pressed into you, rocking you back into the desk. Any chill to the metal was gone by this point, replaced by your own body heat and sweat. Poe set a pace, gentle and steady, as if you had all the time in the world. As if you could never lose each other again. Poe nosed against your neck, but you could hear his groans that were muffled into your skin. One of his hands grabbed at your hip to hold himself in place, and the other was at your neck so that he could tilt your head back and suck against the soft flesh of your throat. “Love,” you sighed. Your hands returned to the back of his head, carding your fingers through is hair. Everything was the right kind of too much. The heat and pressure were building to a point where you could think of nothing else, and you cried out his name as your vision momentarily blacked out. You can feel Poe still and then fall heavily to your side. His arms at either side of you kept his weight from crushing you. You wipe the stray curls from his head and frame his face in your hands. You both laugh breathlessly. “I love you,” Poe sighed against your temple. You turned your head and captured his lisp with yours. “I love you more than you could even imagine.” Poe eventually rolled over to his side of the bed, throwing an arm out to change the alarm on the holoclock on the wall. You arched an eyebrow at him. “They can wait,” he said as he fell back into bed, pulling you to his side. You smiled, resting your head on his shoulder and letting your legs tangle beneath the sheets. “If the General arrives to know where you are,” you said gently, “you’re telling her why her best and second best pilots aren’t on duty yet.” Poe trailed his fingers up and down your spine. “I don’t know what you mean – her second best pilot is already on duty. Jess has been working the night shift.” You stared blankly at Poe. It took a minute before he dissolved into giggles. “I’m joking,” he pressed a kiss to your forehead. “You’re treading on thin ice, Dameron.” Notes: Okay Pals and Gals, I'm officially out of ideas. My tumblr inbox is always open for prompts and suggestions that you might want to see done :) Chapter 44 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Grow Up Dameron (General Rating) Summary: Poe gets sick... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Poe Dameron, I will tie you to this bed if I have to.” The flu Poe had made him weak, and easy for you to push him back down into bed. Nabooian flu was awful – you had an episode of it when you were a child. It was one of those illnesses that got worse depending on how old the person was. You could only imagine what Poe was feeling right now. “I’m reporting you,” he mumbled under his breath, lying back on the bed with no resistance. The coughing and sneezing seemed to have stopped. Last night had been the worst night for Poe. He was hardly able to breathe or sleep, waking up every so often to go into a coughing fit. You had gotten out of bed to wet a cloth and put it on his forehead. It was an old method your mother had done to you to cool down the fever that was coursing through his body. It was working slightly – Poe was able to fire sass back at you. He still shook like a leaf, though. “You’ll report me?” you made a face. “For what? Taking care of the Resistance’s best commander and prized pilot? I’ll be court marshalled.” Poe gave you a level stare. You pulled at the sheets of the bed, moving the heavier ones to the end of the bed and tugging the lighter ones over Poe’s body. He made a noise in the back of his throat. “I’m cold.” You batted away his hands when he reached for the heavier blankets. “You’re burning up. You’ll get hot and then you’ll ask me to move the sheets.” Poe’s chest heaved with every breath he took. You could hear it slightly – the wheezing from deep in his chest. You sat down on the edge of the bed, looking over Poe’s body. “The fever will break soon,” you told him reassuringly. Poe had seen better days. His hair was drenched in sweat and strands stuck to his forehead. He trembled, even though he was sweating and felt hotter than the surface of Mustafar. His eyes were heavy looking, showing how exhausted he was. It was strange seeing him like this. The positions were usually reversed. Poe never got sick, and you managed to pick up every cold, flu and new strain of virus that was in the air. Poe was just one of those annoying people that never got sick. You wouldn’t be surprised if it turns out that his genes are special, making him immune to illnesses. When he did get sick, it was bad. You were slightly surprised that Poe was conscious. You remembered being the one to pull him away from his X-Wing a week ago. Jess had sent you the comm that their commander was looking worse for wear, and looked like he was about to collapse. Jess, the poor thing, got an earful from Poe, being called a traitor among other things. Snap has helped haul Poe form the hangar to your quarters, promising you to help if you needed it. You had lived on Naboo for a few years, and saw everyone from infants to the elderly get the infamous Nabooian flu. You knew how to deal with it. Poe hummed when you replaced the cloth on his head with a colder one. He looked up at you blearily. “You should be a medic,” he said slowly. You snorted. “And you should be an escape artist.” You were serious about tying Poe to the bed. It used to be a joke between you and the pilots. Whenever you flew with Poe, Snap and Jess always warned you – when Poe goes quiet, start looking. It was something that turned from a joke into a way of living. Poe managed to get out of everything and anything. He was always found down by the hangar by Snap or the other pilots, who would just drag him back to your quarters. Poe was grounded by the General. A few days after that, you put out your own order to the pilots. If they managed to find Poe anywhere near the hangar, or too far away from your quarters, they had your permission to use any method necessary of bringing him back. You almost laughed yesterday when Snap had Poe in his arms and carried him into your room. You pressed the cold material to Poe’s head. He let out a harsh dry cough, making him jolt up from the bed. You slipped your hand down his back, feeling his chest expand as he tried to take in breaths. You slid closer into the middle of the bed. Poe tried to wiggle away from you. He waved his hand. “You’ll get sick-” “-You only get Nabooian flu once,” you replied softly, “and I’ve already had it.” With some rearranging of the pillows, you leaned back against the headboard of the bed, and let Poe lie across your lap. You pillowed his head on your lap, and combed your fingers through his damp hair. He was still taking in large gulps of air. You could hear the wheezing getting slightly worse. “How long does it last?” Poe rasped after a moment. You messaged his scalp with the tips of your fingers. “A week for an adult, usually.” Poe hummed. He had the flu for five days now, battling through it with medication from the doctors and gallons of water you insisted he drink. He was so out of it, you would be surprised if he knew what day it was. “Once the fever breaks, you’ll feel a lot better,” you told him reassuringly. You moved the cloth on his head and pressed the back of your hand to the skin there. The cool flesh quickly became warm again. You sighed through your nose and put the cloth back. After a minute or two of combing your fingers through Poe’s hair, you watched his eyelids slip shut. It was a while since he had a good sleep. He was always waking up during the night to either get sick or to cough. Sometimes to do both. You smiled softly at him as you felt his body relax against the bed. “Poe, I’m not arguing with you about this.” You held out the glass of water for him. Beneath a nest of blankets and pillows, Poe sent you a deadly glare. “I just drank a pint of water.” “You need to stay hydrated,” you said lowly, “all of the water you’re taking in is being sweated out.” “I’m tired. Let me sleep, woman.” You sighed heavily through your nose. You crouched down on the ground and pulled away some of the blankets. Poe’s eyes met yours. “Drink the damn water and I’ll let you sleep for the rest of the afternoon.” Poe shook his head. “You’re a child, Dameron. A bloody child .” You moved to sit on the edge of the bed. You held out the glass of water again. “When you’re sweating you have to drink fluids. You can never have enough water.” “You could fucking drown.” “I’m so close to dumping this on you, Poe Dameron.” You were flicking through a report on your holopad in your living space when you heard Poe call your name. You dumped the holopad down on the couch and strode quickly to your room. Poe was sitting up on your bed – a feat in itself since only last night he couldn’t move an inch of his body without feeling weak. The sheets were pooled around his lap and his chest was bare, dry of sweat. You paused. Poe had his hand to his forehead. “I don’t feel warm anymore,” he told you. You strode across the room and stood in front of him. The red flush that had been on his neck and shoulders for the last few days was gone. You pressed the back of your hand to his forehead. His skin was still a bit damp and warm, but not as hot as it had been in the previous days. You nodded. “The fever’s broken,” you told him. Poe smiled up at you. “Is it gone?” You shook your head. “Not really. The virus will stay in your system for a while longer, and you’ll be feeling weak for a few more days so please take it easy. But there fever is gone, so you won’t be in pain anymore.” Poe’s arms went around your waist. He tugged you onto the bed with him, pressing a kiss to your cheek. “What did I just say about taking it easy?” you laughed when Poe tried to kiss your lips. You moved your head to the side and he trailed his lips over your cheek and caught the lobe of your ear in his teeth. You eventually lay down on the bed together, Poe curled up against you. Like you had told him, he was still exhausted. He fell asleep as soon as you let him pillow his head on your shoulder and had him in your arms. Poe’s breathing was even and heavy, and you waited for him to cough or to wake back up. It would take one nice sleep to sort out his mess of a sleeping schedule that the flu had left him with. You trailed your fingers over the arm he had around your waist. Notes: Junjunyil's wonderful suggestion :) Keep suggestions coming friends. (The comment Poe makes about "You can't have enough water? Well, you could fucking drown?" is a real line I said to an ex girlfriend of mine when she tried to take care of me when I had pneumonia. Lets just say that she didn't find my delirious humour funny.) Chapter 45 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Injured (General Rating) Summary: For a lovely Anon on Tumblr: Poe learns that the Reader is hurt from their latest mission and blames himself. Specific prompt: "How about Poe and Reader, where Reader crash lands on a planet where the indicator gets torn off and Poe can't find her? When he does, she's got injuries and is dehydrated and he blames himself. Reader spends time telling him he can't always save her?" Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You had a moment of peace before medics were on you. Being moved from the carrier ship to the landing strip of the base, you had one second where no one was leaning over you, yelling at you to stay with them, or tugging at your battered and bruised body. It was like heaven. The second only lasted so long before the base’s medics were on you. The doctor on the ship had given you morphine to quell the pain that had been everywhere in your body. There was still an annoying twinge of discomfort, mainly in your lower back where some Trooper managed to hit you with a blast. Inside the base was worse. Doctors and nurses added their voices to those already around you. You shut your eyes for a second to break yourself from them, but someone holding your head still was yelling at you to keep them open. They were pulling at every part of your body again, pressing against your chest and side to see if anything had been broken. “ Commander- ” “Where is she?!” You squeezed your eyes tightly as you heard Poe’s voice. You would have called out to him, but everything hurt to much. Even thinking was painful. Staring up at the white medical ceiling, you waited for someone to bring him to you. “ Commander Dameron, I am under orders to keep Commander (Y/L/N) safe- ” “-Safe? I’m her boyfriend!” “ Commander- ” Poe rounded the corner of the medical hall and his eyes fell onto your body. As he strode forward, you could see the medical droid follow him closely, still trying to stop him. “They told me that you weren’t going to make it,” Poe whispered as he slid a chair next to your bed. You turned your head slowly, careful not to move too much and send pain bolting through your body. Poe reached out to take your hand, but paused when he saw the IV lines in the back of it. Poe swallowed thickly. “I thought I had lost you…for real this time.” “Poe,” you rasped. Your voice was too dry and sore. “I should have been there. It was my job to flank you and make sure something like this didn’t happen-” “-Poe-” “-This is all my fault.” “Poe Dameron,” you sighed. Your voice was barely audible, and you weren’t sure he could hear you over the faint hum of machines around you and the other voices around the medical ward. “This is not your fault. I got away from you. This was all on me.” “I was ordered to stay by your side.” “I was the one who flew away from you.” There was a medical droid waiting at the door of your room. “ Commander (Y/L/N), I have to give you your dose of antibiotics now. ” You nodded slightly and let the droid work on the other side of you. Poe ran a hand through his hair. He was still not sure whether or not to take your hand. You thought it was broken, but you could move your fingers slightly, and it didn’t hurt like the rest of your body, so you presumed not. Whenever Poe or you managed to land yourselves in the medical ward, the doctors knew how close you liked to be to each other. It wasn’t an odd sight – having the patient’s boyfriend or girlfriend, wife or husband, brother or sister, beside them, but for you and Poe it meant constantly in contact with each other. The fact that he was too afraid to hold your hand was too much. When the droid was finished, he turned to Poe. You frowned at your boyfriend for the glare he sent the droid. “I don’t need a standoff between you and a droid right now,” you sighed. Poe looked back to you and his expression softened. The droid left, and the door closed behind him. “You’re on antibiotics?” Poe suddenly asked you. You nodded. “What did they say was wrong with you?” You swallowed thickly. “Well, I’m lucky. Gina told me that I could have broken every bone in my body from the crash. She told me I could have had an alien infection from how much dirt and mud got into my cuts.” Poe frowned. “It’s only a small infection in my leg – nothing major. My bones are bruised pretty badly though. I feel like I’ve been through a meat-mincer.” There was a silence that settled between the two of you for a minute, only broken by the beeping of a heart monitor to the side of your bed. You huffed a laugh. “My ship though has seen better days.” Poe stared at you blankly. “You fell out of the sky,” he mumbled, “I thought you were dead when you didn’t respond to my comms.” You swallowed again. “I nearly was, Poe.” The medics left you alone for the rest of the night, only coming in to check your vital signs. Poe stayed to the other side of you. You were both used to sleeping in ward chairs, and had quite frankly mastered it. Poe didn’t sleep. He watched you throughout the night. Every time you woke up, his eyes were on you. You didn’t think he even moved. It was two weeks of monitoring and checking before you were discharged. Your movements were slow and heavy – Gina tried to do some light physio with you just to get your body moving again, but it was hard. Your body just didn’t want to work. Poe was constantly at your side, helping you walk out of the ward. When you got to your quarters, he tried to move you to your bed. “No,” you waved him off, “I’ve spent too long in bed.” “You need to rest,” he argued. You wound your arms around his and leaned into his side. “I also have to use these damn legs before they drop off.” Poe looked down at you. “Can we go for a walk?” you asked. “A small one – just around the base.” Poe sighed. “Alright. But a short one. Then you’re lying down on the couch.” The walk was all you needed. You both passed a few pilots, all running forward to ask about your health. A few members of Poe’s squad walked passed near the mess hall and fixed their commander with curious looks. Poe merely nodded and continued helping you walk around the base. It was slow, and your legs started to strain and tense when you got to the landing strip. Poe let you lean heavily against him, taking most of your weight. “Regretting the walk yet?” he asked when you got to the hangar. Yes . “Nope,” you smiled up at him. You both poked your heads into the hangar to check on what was going on. There was a strange empty space between two X-Wings. Your heart sank. “It’s beyond repair, isn’t it?” Poe nodded simply. He led you away before you could say anything else, and you headed back to you room. Just as he said, when you got inside, Poe helped you down onto the couch. He went into to your bedroom and grabbed a light blanket and a few pillows, propping them up behind you and making sure you were comfortable. He unlaced your boots and let them drop down on to the floor. You frowned when you noticed Poe staring at your bared feet. Some of the bruises on your body weren’t healed yet. The cuts had closed over, and you were left with a few scars. Poe was just staring blankly at one of them. “It wasn’t your fault,” you said slowly. Poe’s eyes rose up to meet yours. “It’s never your fault.” “I should have been beside you.” “You can’t keep blaming yourself when I get hurt, Poe,” you sighed. “I’m going to get hurt. It’s what comes with our job.” Poe stayed silent for a minute. “Did you know that your tracker was off?” Something cold settled in your chest. Poe drew in a harsh breath. “Your tracker was off. I couldn’t find you. Jess and Snap couldn’t find you. Leia couldn’t find you…I thought you were dead.” If you had the energy to sit up on the couch, you would. You would give anything to be able to sit up with Poe, hold him close to you and shake all of his fears away. Poe knelt down on the ground beside you. He gently took your hand, rubbing his thumb over your knuckles. “How did you find me?” you mumbled. “You don’t remember?” You shook your head. You remembered a few things – the moments just before the TIE fighter shot you down. You could still feel the jolt your X-Wing gave as your wing was hit. You could still feel yourself dropping out of the sky, the panic that overtook you as you tried to stay in the air. What you didn’t remember was the crash itself. It was like your body shut off moments before it happened. You could still see the ground rushing towards you, how it felt to have your X-Wing crash through treetops. Poe pressed a kiss to the back of your hand. “One of your squad members broke formation. He followed the last mark of your track on the radar and worked from that.” You frowned. “He’s a young pilot. I’ve seen him before, but I can’t remember his name. He’s tall and skinny, short brown hair, pale skin-” “-Charlie,” you mumbled. Poe nodded. “So he found me?” you pressed on. “He found your ship,” Poe said quietly, “you were a few feet away. He said you were alive and moving.” You frowned. “Moving?” Poe nodded. “You must have been. The hatch on an X-Wing cockpit has to be manually opened. You must have done it yourself and crawled out.” You stayed silent for a minute. “I don’t remember.” Poe kissed your hand again, entwining your fingers in his. “I wouldn’t expect you to. You must have been in shock or something.” The two of you eventually sat on the couch together. Poe helped you move forward slightly so that he could sit behind you and pillow your back on his chest. You let your head fall back against his shoulder. Poe wrapped his arms around your middle. “Get some sleep,” he said quietly, nosing along your neck and resting his forehead on your shoulder. The closeness you were experiencing now was all you needed. Your eyelids became heavy as you slowly drifted off. When you woke up, Poe was carrying you in his arms to your room. Your head was against his shoulder and you shut your eyes again. It had been a while since you were able to sleep in your own bed. The medical team tried to make you as comfortable as possible in the ward, but you hated the ward. It was nothing against the people there. You just hated being in a hospital environment. Poe gently placed you on the bed, moving the sheets around and lying you down. Through the haze of sleep, you realised that you weren’t wearing your jacket. It was probably in the living area, thrown across the couch, but you didn’t care. You shuffled around on the bed slightly, rolling onto your side to see Poe ruck up his shirt. He smiled. “I thought you were asleep,” he said, pulling it off and tossing it into the corner of the room. You hummed. “I was. I’m getting sick of sleeping.” Poe sat down on the bed and started pulling out the ties of his boots. “Those are words I never thought I would hear you say.” If you had any strength in your bones, you would have slapped his shoulder. Poe eventually lay down beside you, pulling you gently into his arms. “Is this okay?” You sighed happily against his chest. “This is very okay.” You heard him snort. “I meant are you hurt? Do you want to lie any differently?” You smiled up at him. Trailing your fingers over his chest, you sighed happily for the first time in weeks. “I’m okay.” Notes: Such wonderful prompts are coming in :D Keep them coming, my loves. Chapter 46 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Coffee and Books Part 1 (General Rating) Summary: The Coffee Shop AU that was enivitably going to be suggested to me. Specific Prompt from a Lovely Tumblr Anon: "I was wondering if you would please consider writing a reader x Poe Modern!AU fic? Maybe Poe starts going to a coffee shop a lot because the reader works there and after much silliness they end up dating?" PART 2 WILL BE SOON. I PROMISE. xxx Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “He’s back again.” You looked over at Finn. The man was leaning against the fridge’s door, wearing that smirk he only wore when a certain someone was in the shop. You sighed through your nose and went back to piping icing onto the cooled cupcakes. Finn shuffled closer to you. “I could put forward a nice word or two about you.” You snorted. “I don’t need you putting in nice words about me .” Finn held up his hands. “Alright, but I think he’s in love with you. Why else does he come here every day?” “I don’t know,” you hummed, “we have good WiFi, the university is just down the street, Rey’s coffee is the best, my baking is better.” You looked over at him again and flashed him a smile. “I could go on?” Finn laughed. He hung around in the kitchen for a while. The shop was always quieter in the afternoon. The morning and lunchtime rushes were long forgotten about, and you were taking your time in preparing new food for the morning. You liked the shop in the afternoon. Sometimes you and Finn hung around to the front of the register. The afternoon is what you both called “date time”. Couples always hung around till you closed the shop. Time eventually filtered away the ones that obviously weren’t going to work out. You watched them sometimes fly out the door just as quickly as they came in. You liked people watching. As you would swerve around between tables, catching snippets of conversations, or watching writers or artists create their works in front of them. When you were finished piping icing on to the cupcakes, you brushed past Finn and walked out into the main café. Rey was at the register serving a young couple, and waving them away happily. Her smile only grew when she saw you come out of the kitchen. She opened her mouth but you jumped in before she had a chance to speak. “Yes, yes, I know. He’s here.” Rey returned to the register, still grinning from ear to ear. You rolled your eyes and strode out into the shop. A few of the regulars smiled at you as you walked passed. You spotted one student that came here regularly and walked over to him. “If you ask for Rey, I’m sure she’ll give you a discounted coffee,” you smiled down at him. He paused his typing on his laptop to smile up at you. “She’s a student too. She’ll understand.” When you peered back up to Rey, you frowned when you saw Finn beside her. The both of them were grinning. Finn nodded his head to the other side of the shop, and you turned to look at whatever he was pointing to. Just to the side of the shop, you spotted him. He had been coming every day now for a few weeks, and you still didn’t’ know his name. It was strange. You liked talking to the people that came into the shop. You knew everyone’s names, even where they went to college and what major they were doing. The guy didn’t look much older than some of the people in there. He could be doing his masters, you thought. He always had notebooks with him, and every time your eyes happen to wander over to him, he was scribbling down notes and had books splayed open in front of him. You fixed a few strands of your hair that had fallen down onto your face and wandered over to the guy’s table. He looked up to you when you were a few strides away. A brilliant smile overtook his face. “Are you finished?” you said, pointing to the empty mug on the table. The guy handed the mug to you. “Thank you,” he said. You started to walk away, but met the hard stares of Rey and Finn behind the register. Rey raised her eyebrow at you. You knew if you walked away, you would get an earful tonight. Sharing an apartment with the woman was great, but when it came to your love lives… You spun around on your heel. “I’m sorry,” you started, pausing for a minute when he looked back up to you. His eyes were black. Not a dark brown, but black. They were warm and soulful and you had to pull yourself together - “You come here every day and I don’t know your name.” The man laughed. He closed a notebook that he was writing in and held out his hand. “Poe. Poe Dameron.” You shook his hand and introduced yourself. You could practically hear Finn giggling from where you were standing. “If you don’t date him, then I will.” Finn sat down on the couch of your apartment. Rey was taking a shower, and you made a start on making dinner for the three of you. Finn sometimes stayed over – often times being too engulfed in conversations to realise how late it would get, and then just crash on your couch. You put plates down onto the small coffee table that was between the couches. Finn took the plate of pasta off of you and sat back into the couch. You stared at him for a minute. “Unlike you, I’ve talked to him.” Finn shovelled a forkful of pasta into his mouth. “He’s bi.” “He just happened to tell you this fact about himself?” Finn shrugged. “No. But he does wear a bi-pride bracelet.” You let yourself fall back on to your couch and let your head tilt back. Staring up at the ceiling you sighed. You could hear the shower turning off and a few minutes later, Rey walked out into the living room towel-drying her hair. “What are you talking about?” Finn smiled coyly at you. It was a few more days before you had the courage to walk over to Poe’s table again. He always sat to the back of the shop, near the large windows that looked out onto the street. Concrete walls with sprawling murals were opposite the shop, decorated by art students that attended the college at the other end of the city. He was writing on his laptop, pausing occasionally to run his hands through is hair. He looked close to pulling it out. You put a fresh cup of coffee down on the table along with a recently baked apple and cinnamon muffin. “You look like you need it,” you smiled at him. Poe fixed his hair and picked up the muffin. “These smell amazing.” “Good,” you replied, “I make them.” Poe nodded. “I see you sometimes in the kitchen. Do you bake everything?” You shrugged your shoulder. “Most of it. I know a few other bakers that live in the city. They make gluten-free stuff. We agreed to sell it.” Poe nodded again and took a bite of the muffin. You turned to walk away before you saw him pull out the chair beside him. “Would you like to sit?” The afternoon shift was quiet that day. Rey was lounging behind the register, sorting out bags of coffee beans and putting them on top fo the coffee maker. Finn looked like he would fall asleep at any moment. You reached behind you to untie your black apron and took the seat beside him. The table was mostly covered with open books – classics you noted, Frankenstein by Shelley catching your eye. “What are you working on?” you asked him. Poe shook his head and picked up the book that was beside his laptop. He handed it to you. “Frankenstein by Mary Shelley.” Your eyebrows rose. “It’s a good book.” “You’ve read it?” “I like classics,” you smiled at him. Flicking through the pages, you almost laughed at the pages. Lines and paragraphs were highlighted and notes were scribbled in colourful pens in the pages’ margins. It reminded you of how you used to study. Poe rested his arms onto the table. “I didn’t think you would. I thought you’d be more of an art person.” You laughed. “Really?” Poe hummed. “The way you pipe icing is like art.” You felt someone walk up to your table. Wordlessly, Rey put down a cup of tea on your side of the table and walked away just as quickly as she came. Looking over your shoulder, you frowned at Finn. One of these days you would hit that smirk off of his face. When Rey slid up beside him, it only grew. “You seem close,” Poe noted. You nod. “Friends from college,” you recalled. “The guy – Finn – he was in a drama club with had. We met when doing Evita together. And Rey, the barista, we met in an English lecture.” Poe arched an eyebrow at you. “You studied English?” “It was a part of my major – English and History.” You laughed to yourself. “I met Rey when she stood up in the middle of our lecture and started yelling at some guy in the front.” Poe laughed along with you. “What was it about?” “Frankenstein, actually,” you motioned to the book on the table. “A guy was making some excuse about not having read it. He said he didn’t understand the story.” Poe looked at you levelly. “Yeah, I know,” you shrugged. “Rey destroyed him.” The rest of the afternoon was spent with you two talking. Poe eventually had closed his laptop, his final essay of the year forgotten about as you both talked about anything and everything. Eventually ou felt a hand on your shoulder. Rey crouched down beside you. “Finn and I were going to start closing up.” You pulled out your phone from your pocket and checked the time. You would have started cleaning up ten minutes ago. “Shit,” you said under your breath. A few of the last customers were getting up and leaving, and Finn was walking around collecting cups and plates. Rey looked to you. “You can go. We’ll do the work-” “-No, no,” you stood up from the table and tied your apron back on the lower half of your body. Poe started packing up his books and shoved his laptop into his bag. Rey helped Finn carry the dishes into the kitchen. You were tying your hair back up when you felt Poe walk up beside you. “Hey, um,” he said. He rubbed the back of his neck with his hand. “I was wondering…” You smiled at him. “Would you like to go on a date, sometime?” You looked over your shoulder. Finn was standing at the doorway between the register and the kitchen. He was obviously hanging around to listen. You’d kill him for it later. “I’d love to,” you smiled. Poe was carrying a small notebook in his hand. You reached for it. “Do you have a pen?” Poe reached into his bag and pulled one out, handing it to you. You scribbled down your phone number and your address. “I’m free most weekends, and after si in the afternoons,” you said as you finished writing down the address to your apartment. You handed the things back to Poe. “What about you?” Poe smiled brightly. “I’m a Masters student. Once I get this essay done, I’ll be free until exams at the end of the month.” When Poe left, you braced yourself for the onslaught of questions and jokes. You stepped into the kitchen and Finn’s eyes were instantly on you. “Not a word ,” you said lowly as you strode past him to start drying plates. You heard Rey giggle from across the kitchen. “You’re both horrible.” Notes: Part Two will be soon. It was the second half to this fic (it was all one long thing, but it wouldn't write for me. Alas, I'll have another go at writing it tomorrow. I'm tired.) Chapter 47 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Dancer Part 1 (General Rating) Summary: Two lovely Anons on Tumblr suggested (more or less) the same thing - a Reader who used to be a dancer, or had dancing experience, and a lovestruck Poe. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe/Reader Poe Dameron isn’t the most observant of people. In certain aspects of his life, he had to be. He’s the best pilot in the galaxy. But that’s different. He can keep his eyes on a squad of TIE fighters, no matter how much they swerve and diffuse into airspaces in an attempt to escape them. That he was really observant about. When it came to people – specifically people he liked and loved – well, it was a different story. He should have noticed it when he first saw her teaching. Higher up officers in the Resistance often took newer recruits through training. Poe had done it for new pilots. He wasn’t surprised that she done it for hand-to-hand combat. The way she moved was like water. It was a complete contrast to her students. One of them – a well-built man from Coruscant – was a mess of movement. His swings were heavy and unorganised. Poe could tell he was a berserk fighter. While he would do well in fighting pits, he wouldn’t last long on a battlefield. She practically danced around him. Her body moved like it was made of water, dodging her opponent’s swings and charges with such fluid motions, making it look easy. Poe folded his arms and watched her. He wasn’t entranced often, but Light was he entranced now. She spun around her opponent, ducking under his arm, keeping close to the ground, and launching a heavy but fluid strike into his side. The man went to the ground. “Predictable,” she tisked, “your movements are too heavy, so they’re predictable.” Poe didn’t stay for the rest of the training session – he had his own students to teach. He couldn’t shake the feeling though. Poe had been in love with her since first laying eyes on her. Snap and Jess had given him hell for it. Poe strode out into the hangar where his new pilots waited for him. Jess was there too with her helmet tucked just under her arm. “Ready to go, Commander?” she smiled at him. Poe clapped his hand on her shoulder. “Let’s go.” When the General said that parties could be held, they really went for it. No one seemed to know how the alcohol got there, or the lanterns and lights that hung from the ceiling or the food that just appeared in the mess hall. Poe liked to imagine that Han had something to do with it. The pilots tended to stick together. Snap was telling one of his stories – ones that only came out when he was particularly drunk, and Jess had made sure he was being fed a continuous stream of alcohol. Poe had always joked that if anyone needed to get information out of people, it would be Jess. She knew everyone’s weakness, and knew exactly how to use it against them. Snap’s story – the one Poe’s heard a thousand times about the time he was stranded in Kessel – slowly faded out for Poe as he looked around the mess hall. Even through the crowds of people in the middle, he managed to see pass them and see her. Poe’s breath hitched for a second. Standing with a group of medics, she was practically glowing. Dressed in a simple black dress with a light blue skirt, her hair was pulled back from her face. She was smiling brightly at the medics, laughing along with them. Her eyes sparkled as the soft glow of the lights hit them– “Oh, you need to stop,” he heard Jess groan. Looking over his shoulder, he saw Jess slide over to him. “You have two options: you can go over yourself, or I’m dragging you over and doing it for you.” Poe stared levelly at his friend. “You wouldn’t dare.” Jess raised an eyebrow. “Try me.” Poe eventually turned back in his seat and joined in the conversation – telling his own version of the story. He was sober enough to remember what happened on Coruscant, and Snap’s version was just too off for his liking. It was an hour before the conversation between them died down. There would get to a point in the parties where everything would calm down. It always started in a race to get drunk and to have a good time. People then realised how nice it was – to have a night to themselves and enjoy being with each other. The pilots had taken up a section of the couches and seats to the side of the mess hall. Snap was practically asleep, folded over on himself as he was starting to slip away. Poe was in a similar state. He rubbed his hand across his face. A few pilots in his squad had gotten up and left, bidding their commander a tired goodnight . He was about to fall asleep when he felt the couch shift as someone sat down beside him. He didn’t bother to open his eyes, but hummed when someone shoved lightly at his shoulder. “Just so you know,” Jess whispered into his ear, “she’s been looking at you in the same way.” “She’s a dancer from Naboo,” Finn told him when they were sparring. Poe tilted his head. “I’ve talked to her. She’s nice.” Finn and Poe were similar in height and weight, so sparring with each other was easily. They had paused in their training to get a drink and wipe the sweat form their bodies when Poe had asked about her. Finn gulped down some water from his bottle. “She’s really talented too. I don’t understand how you haven’t seen her dance.” For the love of Light, Poe Dameron - The way she fought. The way she held herself as she strode through the halls of the base The way she carried herself, head held high and shoulders back, her legs striding in long elegant steps. Idiot . “How did a dancer go from Naboo to here?” Poe asked. Finn shrugged his shoulders. “I never asked.” A small smile suddenly formed on Finn’s lips. He clapped Poe’s shoulder. “Maybe you should ask her yourself?” He tried to. In fact, he was on the way to her scheduled class when he stopped dead in his tracks at the door. Inside one of the training rooms, he spotted her. She was alone in the room, dancing along to nothing. At least, he could hear nothing. She probably had a symphony of music playing in her head. He’s never seen Naboo’s musical scenery, but he imagines it’s just as pristine as the planet itself. He maintained the belief that the girl was made of water. Her body moved in a way that wasn’t possible. Her arms flowed out from her body, gliding along the air as her legs strode across the room. Her eyes opened and her dance stopped suddenly. Looking into the mirrors that lined the wall, she spotted Poe standing at the door. “Oh, I’m sorry,” she turned to face him, “do you want to use this room?” Poe was lost for words. He silently shook his head and stuffed his hands into his jacket pockets. “No, um, I,” he bit the inside of his cheek. She watched him carefully. “You’re dancing is good,” Poe said. His eyes widened slightly, “it’s not just good, it’s amazing . I saw you teaching a few days ago.” A coy smile formed on her lips. “Commander Dameron, were you spying on me?” Poe’s eyes widened a bit more. She laughed. “It’s alright Commander,” she waved a hand at him, “I’m used to having eyes on me.” Poe swallowed. His hands shook slightly in his pockets. He was grateful he had the brains to keep them hidden. “You used to dance on Naboo, right?” he asked slowly. She nodded. “Why did you stop?” Her gaze lowered from Poe for a moment. She frowned slightly before looking up at him. “I wanted to make a difference.” Poe took a step into the room. “You still could have done that by dancing. The worst part about having a war is being in the public. People want distractions.” She began to smile. “I would argue that you would be doing a better job for the public than we would,” Poe said simply. Her hands folded in front of her. He could still see how much of a true Naboo dancer she was – her head was held high, her shoulders back and standing straight. There were footsteps behind him. Looking over his shoulder, he saw some of the new recruits file into the room. They saluted him quickly and fell into line in the middle of the training room. She looked between her students and Poe. “I’ll be back in a minute,” she said. She waved to the group. “Start warming up. We’ve got a lot to cover today.” Poe watched her stride forward. She took his arm in hers and led him out of the room. “I hope you don’t think this is incredibly forward, Commander, but I was wondering if you would like to get a drink sometime?” she looked up at him. Poe let out a breath. “Yeah,” he smiled, “that sounds great.” The woman nodded simply. Taking a quick look back into the training room, she frowned. “I should get back to them,” she muttered. “I’ll call you,” Poe replied. At her confused look, he continued, “Finn is a mutual friend of ours, I think.” You nodded. “He is.” “I’ll see you then.” She turned on her heels and strode back fluidly into the training room. She got to the door before Poe jerked forward. “I’m sorry,” he said suddenly, “I don’t even know your name.” She smiled over her shoulder and introduced herself. Notes: I might do this prompt again - it was fun to write, but it's currently 23:15, I've had a terrible day with teenagers, and I'm slowly losing the will to carry on (with life, not this series. I love writing these. Life's just being...difficult) Keep those wonderful suggestions/prompts coming in my loves! (I realise this is the second update that says PART 1, but as I've said, this week has been challenging. And it's only Wednesday...) Chapter 48 : Hux/Reader - Inferno (General Rating) Summary: A collab-prompt fill. A lovely Anon on Tumblr wanted more Hux, then as soon as I read that, another lovely Nonnie left this in the box :) Specific Prompt: "How about a fic (AU?) in which Hux crowns himself as the galactic Emperor in an attempt to consolidate more power, with the Reader as his consort. The Reader is part of the First Order's high command (i.e. Major or Lieutenant General) and Hux wanted his most competent, loyal officer to rule at his side. I was looking at fan concepts of "Emperor Hux" and I loved the idea." Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Most royals were born that way – through the luck of birth they inherited titles and planets and everything in between. There were of course the people who made themselves royal. Hux had been one of those people when another planet system fell to the feet of the First Order. Taking the old forgotten title of Emperor, Hux made sure everyone knew that he was in charge. It had been that way on countless ships – when he strode through the corridors, people got out of his way, and they saluted him every time he passed. You don’t think a sentence went by without hearing a terrified colonel say “Sir” ten times over. Hux wanted an Empire back. That was what the First Order strode for. It was what you fought for. Everything was simpler under one ruler. The republic managed to make itself complicated by letting power reside with people elected by people. It was a terrible system, in your opinion. After spending so long going from First Order ship to ship, you were happy to find out that Hux had ordered his company stay planet-side on one of the conquered moons. Ships, however big they were, were still too confined. When you woke up in the mornings, you weren’t met with a black interior-room with windows looking out into darkness with the occasional flicker of starlight. Your quarters had a balcony, with large double doors that opened out on to a view of the city. You were happy for the sunlight that crept into the room as the sun rose. You could hear the movement of people outside in the hallways, passing your rooms and always pausing at the door, wondering if it was safe to come in. When you were there, it was safe. You didn’t have the rage of Kylo Ren or your husband. You didn’t tend to have mood swings that left rooms destroyed and people terrified. The match that had been set up between you and Hux was, in any case, the lesser of two evils. You were the anchor that kept him to the ground. You had served as his major for years prior to the planet’s fall almost a year ago. You were there when the capitol was sieged. You saw Hux declare himself Emperor. He had turned to you and declared you his Empress. It was a conversation you had with him – you were trusted. That was astonishing. Hux didn’t trust anyone. But he trusted you. As the morning slowly drifted past, you threw your arm over your eyes. Hux was long gone. He had a habit of leaving early in the morning and returning late in the night, or sometimes not at all. You sighed heavily before throwing the sheets off of you and got ready. Even after a year of being on the planet, issues were still rising up. You expect resistance form the people of the planet, resistance that was quickly dealt with when Hux had ordered the assassination of the rebel leaders. It often surprised you that, when left without a leader, how quickly people can fall to their knees. “Explain to me,” you said slowly, “how it would be better to rule from a ship half way across the galaxy than to rule right here.” The major – an arrogant man called Majo – reclined back in his seat. You strode around the round table, eyeing each person sitting there carefully. Some were other majors in the First Order, others were senators appointed by Hux, and some you just didn’t know what it was that they did. You stopped behind a senator, taking pride in the way his body tensed at your presence behind him. Majo opened his mouth to reply but the large doors leading into the council room heaved open. Hux strode into the room, his gaze shifting from person to person, until his eyes rested on you. “Our committee here thinks it would be better if we left,” you reported to him – even after taking on your role as his consort, your habit of reporting like a major still lingered. You put your hands on the back of the senator’s chair. His shoulders shook. “They think it would be more – what was the word you used? – beneficial if we were on a ship.” Hux was silent. The entire room was silent. The occasional shuffle of a person was the only sound that was in the room. You leaned back and folded your arms over your chest. Majo cleared his throat. “Truthfully, Emperor, I had requested a meeting with you. Specifically you. I don’t know why your wife is here to talk about matters such as this?” Hux turned to the major. “My wife is your Empress, Major,” he said lowly, “I would advise you to remember that.” Majo – you noticed – didn’t sink back into his chair like he usually would. He rested his arms on the table and clasped his hands together. “Forgive me, Emperor. I was merely suggesting that as the ruler of the colony, you are the one we should talk to about these kinds of things.” Hux straightened. “I think that whatever my wife says, it should be our plan. She’s smart and capable,” Hux strode forward slowly, only stopping a foot away from where Majo sat, “and she’s my equal.” Hux turned to look at you. You saw fire flicker beneath his cold eyes. Majo turned to you, as did the rest of the committee. “Without a firm leader over the people, they will rebel again,” you explained, “and, if I’m not mistaken Majo, I do believe I had been the one to grant you extra soldiers for your attack on the rebels – an attack, that without my aid, would have killed you and your squadron.” A feral smile grew on Hux’s face. Majo’s mouth hung open. “ “-Don’t ever presume to interrupt me when I’m speaking, major,” you snapped. Majo sat back into his chair. “How can we rule over a rebellious people when we are not even here?” Majo stayed silent. Slowly Hux had begun to wander around the council table, eyeing each of the members carefully. He folded his arms in front of him. “If anyone still disagrees with my wife, speak up.” The council was silent. Some of them refused to raise their eyes to meet you. Looking down at the table in front of them, they stayed silent. Hux squared his shoulders. “Good,” he said simply. There was a moment of silence in the room, with the air filled with unspoken tension. Hux waved his hand and the council fled the room, quickly disappearing out into the hallway. You felt Hux’s presence beside you and you looked up to him. “He’s going to be a problem,” you said quietly. Hux hummed. “I have no doubt that you’ll find some way to deal with him.” You grinned at your husband before he was whisked away for another meeting. You were alone in the council room. Looking to the long lancet windows that lined the stone walls, you looked out into the city. People were still doing their daily tasks, almost like the invasion and conquer never happened in the first place. The occasional movement of a troop of Stormtroopers reminded you of it. It was at a dinner that you decided what to do with the major. You and Hux sat to the top of the table, looking down along at the senators and other council members that had earned the right to be there. You leaned back in your chair. Dinner was long forgotten about. Your mind was turning ideas through it, suggesting things that made you grin wickedly down at the major who sat to the end of the table. Majo was involved in his own conversation. From the way he would occasionally look up at you and then continue to talk, you knew it was about you. “Majo,” you said. Instantly, the soft chatter of the dinner table fell silent. The tension was starting to glow. “I don’t think you and I have had a chance yet to resolve our differences.” The major frowned at you. “You have served my husband,” you took Hux’s hand in yours, “so well over the years. I would merely like to repay you.” The major shifted a bit uncomfortably in his chair. Hux squeezed your hand. “Since you were so keen on leaving the planet, I’m going to send you on a planet-side mission elsewhere. You will be sheltered and fed there, and I expect you to fulfil your duties as a major in this empire.” Majo swallowed. “Thank you, Empress,” You grinned at the use of your title. “There has been a bit of trouble on Jakku,” you said idly, “and as our most experience major dealing with rebellions, I think it would be in the best interest of the Empire if we sent you there.” Hux chuckled to your side. The doors to the dining hall swung open and two Stormtroopers marched in. They stood behind the major. “It’s a quite a long trip to Jakku,” you grinned, “I thought it was beautiful: in a mortifying, horrible sense.” The major was grabbed be his arms by two of your men. Hauling him out of the dining room, the doors swung closed again. The silence at the table remained until Hux waved his hand for everyone to leave. “You’re still as cunning as you had been as my major,” Hux smiled at you. He put his other hand over yours. You would admit that it took a while for something to form between the two of you. You had always admired him – he was a capable leader who knew exactly what he was doing. You respected him. Love was something that came later – when you had already been married and ruled for six months. You squeezed his hand. “I still am, in a way.” Hux shook his head. He ran his thumb over your knuckles. “You’re more than that to me now,” he said quietly, “you’re my wife, my partner, my queen.” You lifted your hand to frame the side of his face. He leaned into your touch. “You’re more to me too,” you replied. Notes: Went a tad bit mad with this one, but heyo *shrugs* I would also like to give a shout out to lovely commenters who offered to hear about my problems <3 I'll be honest, whenever I deal with something, I don't usually dwell on it, so I forget about it and move the hell on (as best as I can, anyway). So I feel talking to someone about it would just be opening the can again. Thank you so much for the lovely comments of support though! I love you all <3 Chapter 49 : Kylo Ren/Reader + Poe & Reader - Familiar (General Rating) Summary: Alice_in-Yaoiland's suggestion! Poe and the Reader are siblings. During Poe's torture, a certain Knight of Ren finds this out. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It took a lot to shock Kylo Ren. There was something about the prisoner that fascinated him. Something in the back of his mind told him there was something up with the pilot they’d managed to pick up from the village. Kylo circled the prisoner. The Troopers did a good job of keeping to his orders – don’t break him. He was bruised and cut, and a steady stream of blood flowed down from his forehead, but he was still alive. Kylo couldn’t get information from a corpse. He came to a stop just in front of the pilot. “If you tell me where it is, Commander, then this will all be over.” The pilot raised his head. It looked like a struggle to do so. When the pilot’s eyes opened, he stared darkly back at Kylo. “No.” Kylo sighed behind his mask. “Fine then,” he said, raising his hand just in front of the pilot’s face. Something flashed in his eyes – fear, maybe? Surely he knew what the Force could do. If he was with the Resistance then he definitely knew what the Force could do. Going into someone’s mind varied. The effects of it varied, as did the methods of going in. Kylo was surprised to find walls inside the pilot’s mind, trying to push him back. He pushed passed them easily, delving deeper and deeper, pulling at everything in his mind. Memories of childhood – laughing children with smiling parents, being in an aircraft of some kind, with a smiling woman behind him – his mother, Kylo gathered – Kylo blasted past the walls in Poe’s mind. The pilot yelled out as the last wall was breeched. Two memories stood side by side, playing over each other. The sounds and sights were a bit too much, but Kylo focused and tried to gather what he could from them. The second memory. He spotted a droid. He delved into that one and saw the entire scene play out in front of him. Kylo laughed – a sound that echoed through Poe’s mind. When the scene was over, it disappeared. He started to leave the pilot’s mind retreating before he could se anything else. A girl. A woman slightly younger than Poe, with the same dark hair and dark eyes, the same olive skin and bright smile. The scene that’s in front of Kylo now is a recent one, probably not a week old. The girl and the pilot are by a lake. The sun is hitting off of it, making the water sparkle and shine in the bright light. He should leave. He’s been in the pilot’s mind for too long. The woman turned around just as Kylo returned to his own body. Her face – The pilot jerked forward with a sharp cry. Kylo stumbled back slightly, breathing in deeply. “ Stay away from her ,” the pilot hissed through gritted teeth. Kylo gathered his breath. “Your sister…” The pilot fought against the restraints. “If you come anywhere near her I swear- ” Kylo turned on his heel and began walking out of the cell. He blocked the sounds of the pilot’s yelling from his mind as he strode out into the dark hallway. Standing there, looking as formal as ever, was the General. “Well?” the redhead said lowly. “It’s with a droid on Jakku,” Kylo told him. He looked over his shoulder to the pilot. The image of her face still lingered in his mind. She was smiling brightly, laughing in the sun. Something he never saw before. A genuine smile. The General clear his throat. “Anything else, Lord Ren?” Kylo looked to the General. His scowl only grew deeper. “No, General.” Poe was back on the base within a week. His feet hadn’t touched the ground before you threw your arms around him. He huffed as the breath was knocked from him. “You fucker ,” you breathed. Poe wrapped his arms around you and rocked you gently. “I know,” he laughed breathlessly. He held onto you for a while – something he always did whenever a mission didn’t go exactly the way he wanted it to. The news of his capture was still fresh in your mind. “I need to speak to the General,” he said, trying to get out of your arms. You tightened your grip. He eventually was able to unlock your arms from him. Poe smiled warmly at you, squeezing your hand. “I’ll talk to you later,” he said, “I really need to talk to the General.” Kylo Ren didn’t leave him mind without putting his own thoughts there. Poe watched the meeting between his sister and the General carefully. His eyes were locked onto his sister – how official she could be when surrounded by militant personnel. She trailed her fingers over the holomap in the middle of the table. Poe crossed his arms when his sister blew up an image of the Starkiller base. “If it’s hit here, it’ll blow,” she looked to the General. I wonder who would she chose. Kylo’s voice was in his head. Poe tried ignoring it, listening intently to what his sister and the General were talking about. It was his new mission. He would be leading the attack. He needed to listen and focus- -I wonder does she feel it ? Kylo’s voice returned again. Poe frowned. The pull to the dark. It’s a strong thing . Get out of my head . You looked to your brother. His eyes were shut and his head bowed slightly. You paused in your speech for a second. The General picked up where you left off, pointing to a hull breech in the ship. Your eyes were on your brother. Something was wrong with him. Ever since being rescued from Jakku, he’d never been the same. Something was wrong in that head of his. Poe’s eyes flickered open and he shook himself. His eyes met yours and he gave you a warm smile. A fake smile. It was one he gave your parents too often when you had lived on Yavin IV. You made a mental note for yourself to ask him later. He didn’t look good. Something was in his eyes that just didn’t look right. You didn’t know what exactly happened to him when he had been captured. You could only imagine. Notes: Not exactly how I would like it to turn out, but heyo, I did my best with the current state I'm in. Tumblr inbox is always open, friends :) Chapter 50 : A Message from the Queen(ForADay) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Well fuck. Where do I begin? Ironically, for a writer, I’m useless at writing – about myself, that is. Give me a character to destroy with feelings and emotions. I can’t write about myself, but I’ll give it a try. When I started this series, I had absolutely NO IDEA how popular it would get. I know a lot of writers will tell you that – regardless of whether they write fanfiction or their own content. But I think you lot need to understand where I’m coming from. I was told once that I wouldn’t be a successful writer. As some of you might know from the comments, I live in Ireland. I’m in college now, nearing my 3 rd year of a 4 year course, studying English and History (my two true loves in life). I never regretted my decision to study that. Never. The education system in Ireland – regrading going from secondary school to college – is, in my own opinion, kind of flawed. When I was in my final year of secondary school and trying not to die before sitting my final exams, I told my career guidance teacher that I wanted to write. I had been doing so for the past 4 years, so I wanted to make it my career. There was a college degree in Galway that offered it, so I wanted it more than anything. (Spoiler Alert: I didn’t get it because I didn’t have enough points (again, the Irish system is strange and too long to explain so just roll with it). When I had told the teacher this, she had looked at me for a second, and then said the words that have actually haunted me for two years: “Okay…but would you rather not do something you’d be good at?” Did you hear that? It was the sound of my heart breaking in two. I didn’t listen to her advice though. I put that choice in the number one spot on my college application form. Again, I didn’t get it, but I was glad that I at least tried to get it. Anywhoozle! The thought of my writing being let alone READ by anyone was foreign to me. The fact that it had been enjoyed just broke me. Every day when I check my AO3 account, I have to pause when I see the number of hits, comments and kudos this series has. I don’t know how to respond. What is wrong with all of you? Are you mad? You’re inflating my ego, and that’ll be good for no one. As I’ve said, I didn’t think anyone would read anything I wrote. I’m just an incredibly self-critical person. When I read back over what I write, I curse at myself. Like how did that come from your mind, Queeny? I’m so grateful to each and every one of you for clicking onto this fic. The love you have all shown it means the world to me. It helps me get through the day. I don’t think any of you understand how happy it makes me when I get an email on my phone saying that someone’s left a comment or kudos on my work. *Sigh* I thought that my 50 th chapter of this fic should be something sappy. As I kept saying, my Tumblr box is always open for when you lot have any prompts or ideas. Kindest regards, and giving you all of my love, QueenForADay (Sarah) <3 Notes: I love you all so very much. Remember that. Chapter 51 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Royalty (General Rating) Summary: The Reader stumbles in on Caleb and Shara playing Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Sometimes, just sometimes, you would manage to walk in on the strangest of scenes. It was something that should slowly be losing its shock value. You lived full-time on a rebel base. You were bound to see strange things being done to keep morale up. But it wasn’t. It was actually getting stranger. When you had returned to piloting from your maternity leave, Finn offered to take care of the kids. You didn’t know how he did it, but he was brilliant with them. Caleb and Shara adored Finn. They would stop talking about him, even after you and Poe had come home and Finn had left. Poe always seemed to get back to your quarters before you did, but you didn’t mind. The kids loved their Papa, and sometimes went weeks without seeing him. The doors to your quarters slid open and when you stepped inside, you had to stop. You folded your arms across your chest and took in the scene before you. Sitting in the middle of your living space was Shara, Caleb, Finn and Poe. Caleb and Finn sat together to the side of the room, talking quietly between them with Caleb’s stuffed toys in front of them. Poe…you couldn’t take your eyes off of. He looked up and smiled when he saw you there. Shara leapt to her feet and ran towards you. “Mama!” you laughed as she crashed into your legs. You hoisted her up into your arms and let her wrap hers around your neck. She was getting big, and a bit too heavy to keep carrying like this but she loved being close to you. Poe walked towards you and a smile tugged at your lips. His hair – that had been slowly getting longer with each passing week – was tied back loosely. Perched on top of his head was a small plastic crown. You snorted. “Can I ask why I’m suddenly married to royalty?” Poe’s arms went around your waist. “Shara says I’m a prince from Naboo.” “No daddy!” Shara frowned, “you’re a pirate king from Polaris!” “I’m sorry, dove,” Poe kissed Shara’s forehead. Her frown disappeared instantly as she giggled and turned into your shoulder. You bounced her lightly. Looking over to your son and Finn, you raised an eyebrow. Finn had managed to avoid being dressed in costumes, but both him and your son kept looking over to the spot where Shara and Poe had been. “And what are they doing?” you said quietly to Poe. Shara perked her head back up. “Cal and Uncle Finn are the enemies, Mama!” she explained to you. She pointed a small finger to what you presumed where they boys’ barracks on the other side of the room. She turned back to you. “Can you be on our side, Mama?” Caleb’s head shot up. “No! You have Papa – me and Uncle Finn get Mama-” “-I said it first, idiot!” “Shara,” you scorned. The girl turned back into your shoulder and wrapped her arms tightly around you. Finn coaxed Caleb into returning back to their scheming as Poe wrapped an arm around your waist. “The pilots are getting restless,” you whispered to him. He hummed. “It’s been a while since we’ve had any aerial action,” he replied. He reached up and drew a strand of hair back from your face. “Don’t worry about it. I’m sure we’ll be returning to the field soon enough.” You put Shara back down on the ground. “Come on Papa!” she flailed a hand up at him, “we need to make sure Cal doesn’t get the treasure.” Poe sat down beside your daughter. Even though it was an imaginary game, you noticed how Poe always managed to sneak lessons in tactics into them. He explained things for your kids. He explained how best to do something. It would be something they would need to know if they wanted to be in the Resistance. You walked passed Poe and Shara, letting your hand brush along Poe’s shoulder as you disappeared into your sleeping quarters. You tugged off your flightsuit, tossing it into a corner of the room and pulling on your jeans and a light shirt. You could still hear the four playing in the living room. Shara would occasionally squeal out of excitement, followed by Caleb shouting back that it wasn’t fair how she was playing. You silently thanked the Maker for Finn. Caleb and Shara…they could be a bit much. Each of them was fine in their own right. When they got together, though, it was chaos. Finn just had this way with them. It was something you used to watch when you would arrive back before Poe. You would sit on the couch in the living room, about to fall asleep, watching Finn run around with the kids or telling them a story on the living room floor. When you came back out to the living room, tying your hair loosely, you smiled at Caleb and Shara play-fighting with each other in the middle of the room. Their allies were long forgotten about as Poe and Finn slipped away. “Thank you so much, Finn.” You hugged him tightly. He smiled at both you and Poe. “It’s no trouble. I’m always a comm message away if you need them to be looked after again.” Poe clapped his hand on Finn’s shoulder and lead him to the door. You looked down at your kids and smiled fondly at them. Poe came back into the living room and joined your side. You looked back up at the crown on Poe’s head and laughed. “You’d make a fine pirate king.” Notes: *shrugs* unnecessary fluff because I need it Prompts and requests open :) Chapter 52 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Family (Teenage Rating) Summary: Poe is introduced to your siblings (and you have an announcement for him). Notes: Isn't that important, but the reader's family is: Father (Unnamed) Mother (Unnamed) Mal Rollin Marc Reader Aliza Lorel (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe was an only child. The only child of Kes and Shara Dameron, he didn’t have any brothers or sisters. He sometimes argued that the pilots were his brothers and sisters. His squadron was a tightknit group. They knew everything about each other. When you had joined, you seemed like a complete outsider. They knew jokes that you didn’t. They had shared memories together that you didn’t. Then Poe and you had started dating. Jess had made the comment one day that it was like two great families mixing together. Your own squadron began mingling with Poe’s, often together in the hangar trying to outdo each other. All of the pilots shared a bond with each other, but you saw definite divides in the groups. You had a lot of siblings. Families from Naboo were big. The city and planet was big, so the population was too. You had three older brothers – all serving, someway, it the resistance – and two younger sisters – a nurse and a senator. “You’ll be fine,” you said for the hundredth time. This time, you felt, it was more for you than it was for him. Being back on Naboo was strange. You missed the tall towering buildings that lined the streets, the overall rush of the city. It was a complete contrast to the base. You gladly swapped the clamouring city for the terrain of D’Qar. You watched him adjust his uniform for the tenth time since leaving your hotel room. You linked his arm in his. “They can be…a bit much at first, but you’ll like them.” Poe smiled down at you. “I like you, don’t I?” You snorted. “I’m not the worst.” “Light help me,” was the last thing you said to Poe before you were swarmed by your siblings. Your two younger sisters – Aliza, a deployment medic, and Lorel, a senator in Naboo’s government – were the first to crash into you and throw their arms around your neck. Poe stayed at the door, letting your sisters have you to themselves for a second before they pulled away. Then all the questions started: “Where have you been?” “How’s the Resistance?” “Is the General well?” Aliza looked over your shoulder and arched an eyebrow back at you. “Who’s the handsome man standing at our door?” You turned around and held your hand out for Poe. He looked between your sisters, giving them the usual warm smile he gave to everyone – the one you fell in love with. “This,” you linked your arm in his, “is the guy I was telling you about.” Your sisters shared a look between them. Poe raised his eyebrow at you. “Good things, I hope?” You nodded. “Very good things, Commander.” Your brothers were scattered throughout the house. Each had come down the stairs when they heard Aliza screaming that you had arrived. You seriously questioned how your baby sister was a feared senator in the government. You still saw her as your baby sister The first brother to crush you into a hug was Mal. His strong arms lifted you easily off of the ground. “You don’t visit often,” he said. Sometimes Mal sounded just like your mother. He was the last boy to be born, just a year older than you. Your other brother Rollin lingered at the door. He smiled fondly at you. Your eldest brother, Marc, was always away on recon. Rollin was the next oldest and looked after the family when your parents died. Poe stood in the large hallway with his hands in his pockets. Looking up at the upstairs landing, he pulled a face. “I’ve never been inside of a Naboo house before,” he said. You walked up to his side. Your parents, both being senators, left you and your siblings with enough money to keep the house and seek out jobs for you all. While they all fought for the Resistance in some way, you were the only one to leave the planet. You took his hand in yours. “What do you think?” “Of what?” Poe asked. “Everything, really: the family, the house, the city?” “I see a lot of you in everything,” he said. He looked around the hallway. With a high ceiling covered in ornate decorations, ranging from reds to golds to blues. Tall lancet windows lined the walls, letting in brilliant Naboo sunlight. Everything seemed so much brighter than the base back on D’Qar. Poe sighed through his nose. “It’s strange. I’m looking at everything, and it reminds me of you.” “I was born here, love,” you smirked at him. “I know what you mean though.” Aliza and Lorel were talking amongst themselves at the other end of the table. You watched them carefully, occasionally raising an eyebrow at them when their gaze flickered your way. It wasn’t long before you realised that they were looking at both you and Poe. You frowned at them. Your sisters always had this ability to know what was going on. “-that’s when I met (Y/N),” Poe turned to you and took your hand in his. You whipped your head around. N the other side of the table were your three brothers and Poe. The interrogation had already started. The boys were looking at you all with expressions of bewilderment. You picked at the food in front of you. You loved Naboo food, but looking down at it made your stomach churn. You need to tell him . You thanked the Light that Rollin started up the conversation again, talking to Poe about being a pilot. Your brothers listened to Poe ramble on about his experiences with the First order, while you put down your fork and stood up from the table. “I’ll be right back,” you excused yourself. You could feel the coldness tugging at your mind. No, no, no , you willed it away. You eventually stumbled out into the hallway and leaned your back against the wall. You shut your eyes and breathed in deeply and out slowly, counting in your head 1,2,3,4,5,6 - You felt two gentle hands take your shoulders. Your eyes flickered open and you saw Poe standing in front of you. He was leaning down slightly, looking you in the eyes. “Breathe with me,” he instructed, taking a deep breath of his own that you shakily mirrored. After a few of them, everything started to slow down. You sagged slightly into Poe’s arms and he caught you. “It’s alright,” he mumbled into your hair as you clung to him. He ran a comforting hand up and down your back, “it’s alright.” You prayed to Light that it would be. When the night drew in, everyone moved from the dining room to an old drawing room your parents always held gatherings in. You remember not being let into the room, but always wondered what went on inside. You knew now that all they did was talk about politics and drink Naboo wine, but when you were a child, you wondered if they were planning much grander things – namely, were they going to fix the galaxy. You all sat on couches and settees scattered around the room. The fire was lit and just above it was a monitor showing the latest Resistance victory in the Outer Territories. You were resting against Poe’s side, pillowing your head on his shoulder as you watched the transmission. The General would be contacting either of you soon. It seemed like a big victory. Mal clapped his hands together. “Another one,” he said almost triumphantly. He flashed you and Poe a smile. You sat up in the chair. “I’m going to bed,” you announced tiredly. You tugged your shawl tighter around yourself. “Poe took your hand in his. “Are you alright?” Not really . “Yeah,” you smiled at him. “Just tired.” Your siblings were chatting among themselves, mostly of the victory still being played on the monitor along with the news report that went with it. Poe stood up from the couch and linked your arm in his. When you said goodnight to your siblings, your brothers waved you off without taking their eyes off of the monitor. Your sisters smirked your way. You frowned at them. Poe eventually tugged you out of the room and you wandered upstairs. It was strange – walking up stairs and making your way to your old room. It was still the way you left it when you left for the Resistance. The bedspread was tightly made. The trinkets and items you had bought from Theed markets are still lined along your shelves, along with the books you had gathered. You sat down on the edge of your bed and let your hands drop to your lap. You need to tell him. I know. You need to tell him now. I know. Poe strode around to the other side of the bed, tugging off his shirt and laying it on the back of a chair at your old desk. Looking ahead at the wall in front of you, you heard the shuffling of Poe changing into his nightclothes. You stood up silently and did the same, throwing back on your shawl and slipping into bed. Sitting on the other side, Poe pulled back the covers and slipped in. Noticing the shawl still around your shoulders, Poe arched his eyebrow at you. “Are you cold?” You shook your head. Poe shuffled closer to you. You rested your head on his shoulder. With his arms around you, you felt somewhat safer. You wondered vaguely if he could feel your heart hammering against your chest. He combed his fingers through your hair and hummed softly. Theed, the human capital of Naboo, had beautiful nights. Looking out one of the windows you saw the soft glow of the city lights. Neither you nor Poe fell asleep for a while. You both lay in silent, tracing your fingers over each other’s skin. It was strange not hearing the hum of the base – the movement of people outside the hallway, the rumbling of pilots taking off. Tell him. “Is there any particular reason why you’ve been a bit distant today?” You looked up at Poe. His eyebrows were drawn together. “You just seem tired a lot. Are you feeling okay? You’re not sick are you?” You smiled a bit at his questions. “I’m…fine.” “You’re not fine,” he said lowly. He brushed strands of hair from your face and pressed a kiss to your forehead. “You can tell me anything, you know that right? You don’t have to. I won’t force it out of you. But I’m here for you-” “-I’m pregnant.” Poe’s mouth hung open. For a minute – a terrifying minute – he didn’t say anything. You looked into his eyes. You always liked how dark and deep they were, but they were so difficult to get anything from. Your gaze flickered downwards. “Y-You’re…you’re pregnant?” Poe asked slowly. You bit the inside of your cheek. You nodded. The silence settled between you again. You were tempted to reach up and frame his face in your hands. You wanted to tell him to answer you , to respond. Poe’s eyes locked with yours as a slow smile overtook his face. “You’re pregnant,” he said. It didn’t sound like a question, but you nodded again. He let out a breathless laugh. His arms were around you, pulling you closer to his body. You framed his face with your hands. “You’re okay with it then?” Poe laughed again. “Of course I’m okay with it! I love it!” he cupped your neck and brought you in for a deep kiss. His lips moved slowly against yours. Heat began to spread throughout your body as you wrapped your arms around his shoulders. You pulled away with a bite to his lower lip. “How long have you known?” Poe asked, still looking at you dreamily as he brushed his fingers along your neck and down to your collarbone exposed by the low neckline on your shirt. You gasped at the touch. “A few weeks,” you said quietly. You caught Poe’s hand before it managed to untie the laces at the front of your shirt. You arched an eyebrow at him. “What are you doing?” “What does it look like I’m doing?” he mumbled as he started to press kisses against your jaw, trailing them down to your neck. You gasped again, and shoved at his shoulder. “You’d be surprised at how you can hear everything throughout this house.” Poe’s lips lingered on the spot between your neck and your shoulder. He mouthed at the skin gently. “Poe,” you repeated. He finally stopped and looked up at you. His smile grew even bigger. “We’re having a kid.” That was when it suddenly dawned on you. Something in your face must have changed as Poe lifted himself off of you. “It’ll be alright,” he said lowly, “we can do this.” It took a moment for it to register with you. You could do this. You had Poe with you. When the time was right, you would have the General and the pilots with you. You nodded and smiled up at him. “We’re having a kid.” “We knew it!” Lorel shouted as you slumped down the stairs the next morning. You hushed your youngest sister. “Do you want the entire city knowing?!” She bounced on her feet, waiting until you got to the end of the stairs and threw her arms around you. The rest of the house was quite. Everyone else must have been still sleeping. You had left Poe to get a glass of water, leaving the image of him lying on his side towards you with a soft smile on his face. When Lorel pulled away you could see tears forming in her eyes. “I’m so happy for you,” she said tightly. When your parents had died, you were the one to take it the hardest. Every one of your siblings was hit hard, but it destroyed you inside for years. Eventually you met Poe and all the pain seemed to float away. Lorel linked her arm in yours and led you to the kitchen. Aliza was already perched at the marble table, holding a cup of steaming coffee between her hands. She raised an eyebrow at you. “So it’s true then?” Lorel giggled and nodded her head. You looked between them. “How do you two even know these things?!” Aliza shrugged a shoulder. “We’re women, (Y/N), we just know these things.” “Know what things?” You looked over your shoulder and saw Poe at the door to the kitchen. You smiled fondly when you saw he had your shawl wrapped over his shoulders. Lorel frowned. “You’re not that couple are you? The ones that share clothes?” You shoved at your sister’s shoulder and wandered over to Poe. He held out his arms for you and wrapped them around you. “They know,” you whispered to him. Poe looked up at your sisters and then back to you. “I wouldn’t be surprised.” Notes: Something I thought of this morning at work. Prompts and ideas welcomed Chapter 53 : Poe/Reader - Fluttering (General Rating) Summary: Poe feels the baby kick for the first time. Specific prompt: "hey sarah!! If you're taking requests for prompts for Star Wars could do you something along the lines of you being pregnant with Poe's baby and the baby starts to kick? because daddy poe is the best poe haha thanks! xx" Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There were certain dangers to dating in the Resistance. There were certain dangers whenever there was war. One of them, you knew all too well, was how very easy it was to lose someone you loved. Parents and siblings, hometowns and planets, everything could be taken away in moments. The General made sure that everyone on her base knew the dangers of loving something or someone else. When you had told her about your relationship with Poe, and how strong it was becoming in the recent months, she had been reserved. You knew the General like a mother. She would stare off at nothing in particular, seem to think about it, and turn back with a smile. Sometimes it was a fake smile, but a smile nonetheless. She had reasoned with you: mentioning all that could and might go wrong out in the field. You and Poe were both pilots. Sometimes you would fly in the same squad – both bringing your pilots together in an attack against the First order. You can still remember what she had said to you: I don’t want you to see the other get shot out of the sky in front of you . You rarely got days off. Even rarer, you got days off with Poe. When you did, you sometimes spent half of it debating with him over what to do with your time, eventually settling on watching some holovid in your quarters. That’s what you had decided to do today. D’Qar’s weather took a turn for the worse – rain was down pouring outside, drenching the land too much for you to take a walk on. You rested your head on Poe’s shoulder as you lay in your bunk. The holovid you had both chosen was one you had both seen a hundred times, but it was just background noise. At least for you. Your hand rested on your middle. Your stomach fluttered every so often – it was your five-month old finding their legs, the General had told you. Poe’s fingers traced along your shoulders, and then skimmed down along your back. You hummed at the quite of everything. The rain was pelting against the roof of the base. Poe had turned down the volume of the movie when he noticed you kept dosing off. It was these kinds of days you loved, but you somewhat hated. In the back of your mind, the General’s warning had nestled itself there months ago, and would flare up every so often. You kept shaking it off. You wouldn’t die. Neither would Poe. You were too good of pilots to even think about it. You both had each other’s back when in the field. You were about to fall asleep again when you felt the baby move. They gave a hard kick to the front of your stomach – what had been the occasionally fluttering was now growing harsher every day. Poe looked down to you. “What was that?” You looked up at him. His eyebrows were drawn together as he looked down at you. His eyes moved from your face to your stomach. It hit you – Poe was never able to feel the baby. It was too early for anyone but you to feel them moving around. You smiled brightly up at him. “That, Commander,” you took his hand and pressed it gently to your abdomen, “is our child.” You both waited for a minute – quite frankly the longest minute of your life – and then they kicked again. It wasn’t as harsh as the first, but the thump of something just beneath the skin. Poe’s eyes darted up to meet yours. “That’s…” he paused, “that’s….” You laughed at him – you had only seen him speechless a few times in the years you had known him. When you had first told him you were pregnant was one of them, and now this. You lay down on the pillows and rucked up your shirt. Technically, it was Poe’s, but he never said anything about you wearing it. You took his hand again and put it on your bare bump. There was another kick a few minutes later, then nothing. “It stopped,” Poe said. He had moved on the bed, rolled on his side to face you and raised up on one arm. His rubbed his thumb across your skin. You nodded. “The kid is probably exhausted,” you said quietly. You placed your hand over Poe’s. “They just wanted to make sure their Papa could feel them,” you hummed. A brilliant smile spilt Poe’s face. You stayed like that for the rest of the day – lounging in your bunk, the holovid long forgotten about, with Poe’s hand still on your bump. You must have fallen asleep. When your eyes flickered open, you saw that Poe had shuffled down the bed. Still on his side, Poe’s head was near your middle, supported by his arm folded under him. “I can’t wait for you to get here,” you heard him say softly; “there’s so much I want you to see.” You tried not to move too much. “There are so many people I want you to meet,” you heard him smile those words. The General, Han, Rey, Finn, Snap and Jess. Luke, if you were able to find him. You felt Poe rub small circles onto your bump. There was a slight flutter, but nothing he would have been able to feel. Looking down at him, Poe was smiling fondly. It was something that, recently, you were beginning to see less and less of. Maybe it was this war finally drawing to an end. Maybe it was just beginning. You didn’t know. You didn’t like it. You lifted your hand – heavily because of tiredness – and ran your fingers through his hair. Poe looked up to you. “You’ll be perfect,” you said quietly. Poe’s smile slightly faltered. “You don’t know that.” “I do,” you combed his hair with your fingers, “I know because I know everything.” He laughed lightly. Leaning down slightly, he pressed light kisses over your bump, rucking up your shirt a bit more to kiss the skin just below your bust. “I need you with me,” he mumbled against your skin. You framed his face with both of your hands and made him look at you. “This child is a part of both of us,” you whispered. Poe’s eyes fell closed. “I want them to have your hair,” you smiled fondly at him, running your fingers through his hair. “I want them to have your eyes, your nose-” “-They’ll be ridiculed their whole lives,” Poe smirked back, “I want them to have your nose.” It was sometimes just enough. Having Poe so close to you, laughing and smiling and forgetting about everything outside of the room. Poe’s hands had slid up your shirt and rested against your side. Poe leaned down and kissed your lips chastely. “I want them to be like you,” he mumbled. The hand under your shirt rubbed the skin there, caressing and massaging gently. You closed your eyes and enjoyed the feeling. Warmth spread through your body as you melted down into the mattress. Poe smirked against your lips. “You’re tired,” he said slowly. He lowered himself down beside you and tugged you into his body. “Get some sleep, love.” You let your eyes droop closed as you let Poe run his hands over your shoulders and let his fingers card through your hair, all the while softly humming a song he used to sing when you both started dating. Everything, you thought before sleep came for you, would be alright. Notes: Keep sending in prompts, loves :) Chapter 54 : Hux/Reader + Kylo Ren & Reader - Freedom (Teenage Rating) Summary: Prompt fill for Kessler on AO3 and traya-ren on Tumblr: Kessler: Reader is Hux's wife, and Hux is emperor. But Reader teams up with Kylo behind Hux's back in order to overthrow him. traya-ren: "For your Star Wars Characters/ reader could you do a Hux/Reader one, where the reader is a Knight of Ren?" Notes: In the last Hux/Reader AU where Hux was emperor, the Reader and Hux had the best power-marriage. I wanted to do the opposite of that now. What if it was crap? Why it's crap, I don't really go into. Use your imagination kids. Go wild. But Kylo's expert marriage counselling is made apparent in this chapter. No Kylo. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Your marriage was in shambles. It was never going to work form the beginning. You knew this. Why you still went through with it was for political gain. You knew Kylo had something to do with it. What exactly, you didn’t know, but you could always tell when he had a hand in something. You watched a carrier ship – one from the Knights’ – land in the harbour in the city. You tugged your robes tighter around yourself. Truthfully, you hated this planet. The days were too hot and the nights too cold. The people your husband employed to stay with you both on the planet were spineless. You could see the dear in their eyes every time you passed. While you would have liked to say that you enjoyed it, it was becoming mundane. A few Knights stepped off of the ship, wandering out into the dock and looking around. The last of them to step onto the dock was Kylo. His helmet was off, tucked under his arm. His hair had grown longer, you noticed, and he wore a faded crimson scar across his face. He strode over to you with a few easy steps. “My Lord,” you nodded your head to him. His eyes flickered over your shoulder to the guards that stood to your back. He looked at you again. “What do I address you as now? My Lady or Empress?” You narrowed your eyes at him. You looked over your shoulder. Speaking to the captain, you ordered your guards to step back to the edge of the dock. It would be far enough to talk to Kylo in peace without your guards listening and then telling your husband. The guard straightened slightly. “We are under orders to stay by your side-” “-I’m giving your orders right now,” you bit back at him. “Step back.” The captain was motionless for a second, before he turned and took long strides away from you. You stood beside Kylo, looking out onto the shipyard. It was a modest one, big enough to house carrier and transport ships. Kylo folded his arms in front of you. “How’s your marriage?” “I understand why you hated him,” you replied simply. Kylo snorted. “He can be rather difficult.” “He’s mad ,” you turned to face the other Knight. “Anyone who can blow through an entire system and proclaim himself as their emperor shouldn’t be allowed to live.” “I would argue that Hux becoming Emperor of a system at the edge of the galaxy is the least of your worries,” Kylo replied calmly. Rubbing your gloved hand over your face you sighed loudly. “Why are you here?” Kylo looked over his shoulder. Your guards lingered at the gates to the ship yard, watching you carefully, but you knew they wouldn’t be able to hear you. Kylo turned back to you and kept his hands behind him. “I have a way of getting you out of this marriage,” he said quietly. You tried not to let the shock of what he said jolt your body too much. You calmly looked up at him. He continued. “It’s well known that the Knights of Ren and the First Order didn’t exactly get along. That was until you married Hux, of course-” “-A willing sacrifice,” you imitated the words of your master. You still remember the day he had told you of his grand plans to merge Hux’s division of the First Order with the Knights. Kylo hummed. “It’s an alliance that isn’t going as well as our master hoped.” A silent moment passed between you. “What do you mean?” “I mean,” Kylo nodded to one of the other Knights – Kaja, “there have been attacks on both sides from the other.” “I never heard anything of this.” “Why would you? You’re his wife.” Your blood suddenly turned cold. “Hux is attacking you?” you asked quietly. It was barely a mumble but you knew Kylo was able to hear you. He nodded simply. “We’ve been responding in kind.” There was a sudden flash of memory running through your mind. Almost a week ago, you watched Hux lose his mind. Gathered at a committee table, you listened to your husband’s counsellors droll on about the planet’s wellbeing. You remember a soldier coming in – a lieutenant with a look of dread on his face. You remember the lieutenant leaning down to Hux’s side and whispering something into his ear. You didn’t hear what exactly it was that he said, but now that you knew about the Knights… Kylo turned to you. “I wanted to tell you myself, in person,” he said quietly. Looking over his shoulder again he said lowly, “I want you to get rid of Hux.” You frowned. “He’s not the easiest man to get to.” Kylo raised his eyebrows. “Really? Do you not share a bed, as husband and wife?” You bit the inside of your cheek. If you weren’t interested in Kylo’s plan, you would have thrown him and the other Knights back on their ship and sent them away. You folded your arms in front of you. “He’s never around,” you replied simply. Kylo nodded. Staring out into the shipyard, but not looking at anything in particular, he tapped his fingers on his arm. After a minute he turned to you, “you’re the only one of us who could get close to him.” “I would be the first person the guards blame?” “Hux had set up an empirical reign with you and him being on the top tier. Who will come after you when your husband was to suddenly meet an untimely end?” You tugged your shawl tighter around yourself. Kylo took a step closer to you. A brave move – something that was probably noticed by your guards. “I’m not saying to paint your room in his blood – although I would love to see how that one turns out. We were all trained how to kill. Pick another method; you have a lot to choose from.” The quarters you shared with your husband had belonged to the previous King of the planet. It was large, ordained with lavish furniture and decorations. The windows were tall and covered with silken curtains. It was ornate and decorative and screamed about the riches the planet used to have before Hux came with his soldiers. A lot fo the palaces and temples still stood but weren’t used. You liked taking a walk around the city – as dangerous as it was – and just looking at them. Some of them had their roofs chipped from blasts or their windows broken, but they still stood. You sat in the middle of your bed. It was large, covered in silken sheets with furs to the ends of the bed. You didn’t know why Hux insisted on keeping you close to him. Well, you knew why , but you didn’t understand why he would do it but never be around. He worked throughout the night. You sometimes wondered if he ever returned to sleep at all. You skimmed your fingers over the sheets. Your conversation with Kylo and the other Knight’s still fresh in your mind. A bottle of Naboo wine was held between your hands. You had managed to spend the day infusing the wine with Dioxis gas. Your hands held onto the bottle tightly. Hux wouldn’t drink the wine, you suddenly thought. You had been witness to too many attempts on his life. You pulled the cap off of the bottle and let you pour a drop of wine onto your thumb. You spread it over your lips. Dioxis was powerful. The slightest trace would be felt. You eyed your cloak that hung on the back of a chair in front of your vanity mirror. You had an antidote ready. Some of it already coursed through your veins when you drank half of it. There were footsteps sounded in the hallway outside your chambers. Eventually Hux strode into the room, already shedding out of his jacket and pulling his gloves off. You slid off of the bed and put the bottle down on the bedside table. He raised his eyebrows at you as you strode towards him. His eyes raked over your body. You made sure to tie your robe lightly around yourself. With every step you took, your bare legs showed from the parting fabric. Your neckline was low, stopping just above your chest. “I thought you would never get back,” you said lowly. Kylo’s words still drifted around in your head. Do you not share a bed as a husband and wife ? You shook the words from your head as you stood in front of Hux, placing your hands on his chest. Hux’s hands went to your hips, holding your sides lightly. You let your hand slide up his body, rubbing over his shoulders and linking your fingers behind his neck. “What’s the occasion?” he asked lowly. You resisted the urge to frown at him. You brought yourself close to his chest, letting one of your hands roam back down his chest, unlacing some of the laces of his shirt. Pushing the fabric away you run your fingers over his exposed flesh. Hux sucked in a harsh breath and caught your hand in his. “What are you doing?” You looked up at him. “I think it’s quite obvious, husband ,” you said lowly. You untied the last few laces of his shirt and pushed the fabric off of his shoulders. With his bared torso, you ran your hands over his skin. Hux led you backwards to the bed. You tried to slow your heartbeat as you felt the mattress hit the back of your knees. You leaned up to Hux’s face, brushing your lips against his. He turned his head away from you and pushed you back onto the bed. You shuffled back until you lay down on the assortment of pillows. Hux climbed over you. You were still wearing your robe. It has slid off of one of your legs. Hux’s hand ran up your thigh, stopping as his hand slid under the silken fabric of the robe. You leaned forward again, brushing your lips against his. You could still feel the wine on your lips. It tingled a little, and you were desperate to let it spread onto Hux. Hu hummed and caught your lower lip in his. His other hand came up to your neck, holding you close to him. You hummed as his tongue traced your lips. You could have laughed. You pulled on your cloak. Grabbing the small vail in your pocket, you opened it and drank the last of the antidote. He put the vail back in your pocket and looked over your shoulder. Hux’s body still convulsed slightly. His muscles still contracted with every wheezing breath he tried to suck in. His head rolled ot the side and bloodshot eyes met yours. You tugged your cloak tighter around yourself. A steady stream of blood escaped his nose, running down his face and dripping onto the bedsheets. You saw him gulp down another breath. His face contorted in pain before everything went slack. You pulled your hood over your head. Taking the few strides over to the bed, you brushed his hair from his forehead and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “Long live the Emperor.” Notes: Tumblr inbox is always open friends and loves, drop by any suggestions you want :) Chapter 55 : Poe Dameron/Reader + Reader&Rey&Kaydel - The Schuyler Sisters (General Rating) Summary: The Reader, Rey and Kaydel preform "the Schuyler Sisters", and Poe and Reader have a moment during "Helpless". Notes: To get the movements down for the Schuyler Sisters (Reader, Rey and Kaydel are dancing like bosses to it) here's a link to some of the clips that come from the musical. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdzOUMrYnkI (Fast forward to 2:10) Rey: Angelica (because of reasons) Reader: Eliza (more reasons) Kaydel: Peggy (because of a joke my friend and I have of Kaydel being an important character in TFA but...being in the background and no one really knowing who she is) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “-little does he know that his daughters: Peggy, Angelica, Eliza, sneak into the city just to watch all of the guys at-” You took Kaydel’s hand and dragged her out onto the floor. In front of the other cast, you skimmed your eyes over each of them. Finn was nodding his head along to the beat, his eyes entirely focused on Rey. Poe was the same, laughing quietly to himself. After you swung around the floor, using as much space as was allowed, you started the song. Everything you, Rey and Kaydel had been working at for the last few weeks was happening – the choreography, the singing, the melodies you had managed to create over the last few weeks. Rey owned the part. When the song was up for discussion, you pushed her into the role. Rey was fierce, just like her character. She sauntered around the stage, brushing off the men of the cast like it was her damn job. You and Kaydel stood to the back with folded arms, watching her belt out the words. Everything was going to plan. You all had spent so long working out how to do the song – learning everything you could about it – and know everyone in the cast was preforming in front of each other. You didn’t have your stage yet. That would be next week. But dancing and singing in your practising hall was enough. You led Kaydel forward, then sliding over to the other side to Rey. “History is happening in Manhattan and we just happen to be In the greatest city of the world!” Looking to the group, you noticed them all smiling brightly at the three of you. The energy in the room had been light and airy all day. Preforming in front of your cast mates – in front of your friends – was the best thing you could do. Looking straight at Poe, he was nodding his head along to the beat and smiling brightly at you. The type of smile that made his eyes crinkle. You slid to the side, with your back pressed to Rey’s and Kaydel as you started singing the overlaying melodies of the last part of the song. It was something you had to get used to – focusing on your own words as Rey delivered something completely different. The clashing words used to confuse you, but you focused on your own movements and words until you spun back around to face the front. The three of you strode up to the front, just in front of the group. “In the greatest city of the world!” Rey shuffled out to the front. “ Angelica !” You twisted around to the other side of her, moving your shoulders with the beat. Smiling brightly you sang “ Eliza !” Kaydel burst through the two of you with her hands on her hips. “ And Peggy !” You turned to look at each other. “ The Schuyler Sisters !” “ We’re looking for a mind at work!” Rey, you and Kaydel snapped your fingers in unison and danced off to the side. Dancing around each other one last time, you sang the final words of the song before the beat stopped. Finn jumped to his feet and ran to Rey, picking her up and spinning her around. “That was amazing peanut!” You went to the side of the room and picked up your towel. Wiping the sweat from your forehead you jumped slightly at the hand that clapped you on the shoulder. You turned around and saw Poe smiling brightly at you. “That was amazing,” he said. “You did a good job.” You smiled back at him. “Thank you Poe,” you replied. He shrugged his shoulder. “I would have been better, but you know-” “-Oh shut up,” you laughed loudly. You shoved him away lightly. You wrapped the towel over your shoulders and looked at him. He already preformed as Alexander – brilliantly, you thought. He sang Hurricane and despite whatever Finn said, you did not cry. He ran a hand through his hair. His hand rested at the back of his neck. “Do you want to get lunch?” he asked you. You looked over to Finn and Rey, complimenting each other’s performances and talking quickly with each other. You had an hour before you had to be back for preforming Helpless . You could do with some food. “Yeah, that sounds great,” you threw the towel into your bag and pulled out your hoody. Zipping it up, you and Poe walked out of the studio and out into the cold Coruscant streets. You shivered slightly as you wore nothing but a tank top and a hoody. Poe looked over at you. “Are you cold?” he asked. He unzipped his jacket and was halfway with taking it off before you shook your head. “There’s a coffee place just at the end of the street,” you said as you wrapped your arms around yourself. “I’ll survive until then.” Poe took off his jacket. He wore his own sweatshirt underneath it. He draped his jacket over your shoulders and pulled you into his side. “Nonsense,” he said, “I can’t have my leading lady coming down with something.” You smiled and looked down at the pavement. Poe’s friendly banter always managed to make you blush. You tried to hide it – praying that the redness on your face could be blamed on the cold weather. Lunch was nothing unusual. You sometimes had lunch together, swapping stories of your lives before you were performers. Poe listened to you ramble on about living in Naboo. You had a dancing background, and you didn’t even know you could sing until your friend had caught you singing to yourself when you thought you were alone in your old studio. Poe rested his chin on his fist. “I would like to thank this friend,” he smiled at you, “we wouldn’t have met otherwise.” You held your coffee between your hands, shivering slightly at the warmth that was spreading up your arms. “I’m glad I met you too, Dameron,” you smirked, “even if you are an arrogant prick.” He put a hand to his chest. “Your words wound me.” “Please,” you snorted, “if I was going to insult you, you would know.” “You’re an evil woman. You do know that, don’t you?” You smiled brightly at him. “Yep.” “ If it takes fighting a war for us to meet, then it’ll have been worth it. ” Helpless was your favourite track to perform. You worked on it for weeks, along with spending time with Rey and Kaydel perfecting the introduction to your characters. You danced around the floor, smiling just as brightly as Eliza would have when she started writing letters to Hamilton all of those years ago. You felt your heart swell slightly as you fell into your role. You clutched one of the faux letters to your chest. “ Now my life gets better with every letter that you write me,” you sang as you joined Kaydel and Rey in the middle of the floor. Rey snatched the letter from your hand and Kaydel folded her arms in front of her chest. “ I’m just saying’, if you really loved me, you would share him.” Poe stayed to the back of the studio waiting for his chance to come back into the song. When Poe’s part came, he slid up to you with a bright smile on his face. You both embodied your characters – promising each other the world once you were married. “ Helpless, ” you sang softly. Looking into his eyes, you leaned forward and brought your lips to his. You felt him tense slightly, and relax into it. The piano stooped playing. Poe’s lips moved against yours gently, his hand coming up to your cheek. You heard Finn clear his throat. “Get a damn room!” You pulled away quickly. Poe’s hand still rested on your cheek His thumb was rubbing your cheekbone gently. Poe smiled down at you with a faint redness to his cheeks. “ Helpless ,” he sang back just as softly. Notes: *Shrug* I wanted this to happen. Chapter 56 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Night Terrors (General Rating) Summary: For the lovley fionawas on AO3: The one where Poe helps the Reader sleep through a nightmare. Notes: Holy fuck I went overboard with this one. It had background. BACKGROUND. This is what happens when I'm given free time in work. I check my Tumblr inbox and my AO3 inbox and write what you lovelies want. I should not have free time. I'm a serious teaching assistant. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You were back on Naboo. Everything looked the same – the smoke that billowed out of your neighbours houses, the foreign soldiers marching in unison up and down your street, your parents frantically trying to get you and your siblings out of the house and to the communal bunker at the end of the street. You could still smell the metallic iron tang of blood in the air – something you wouldn’t know until you got to the Resistance. You could still feel your brother’s large hand on your frail arm, pulling you through the frantic crowds in an effort to get to safety. You ran down the street, keeping as close to your eldest brother as you could. Everyone else was running, screaming and running and pushing at each other in an effort to get away from whoever it was at the top of your street. You could still feel how tightly he was holding onto your arm – terrified that you would be swept away in the crowds and either lost or trampled. You were a few metres away from the bunker. Those in front of you broke into a full blown sprint. Mothers and fathers hoisted their children into their arms and covered them with the lapels of their coats, protecting them from the debris and sights around them. That was when you saw them. A line of white-armoured soldiers marching in front of the bunker. Their commander effortlessly lifted their hand in signal, and the soldiers lifted up their blasters. There was a bright blast of red light before those in front of you collapsed to the floor. You remember your mother’s voice cutting through the screams of the crowds. You remember looking up to see your brother looking around frantically for her. You saw her through the people scrambling to get to cover. Her eyes met yours through the chaos. There was a pause. Then you remember the same red blast striking through the air and hitting your mother in the side, throwing her to the ground– -You scrambled back on your bed. The sheets around you were drenched with sweat, and your pillowed marked with tears. You lifted your shaking hands to your face, wiping away the tears there and brushing strands of hair back. Your holopad was pulsing with light by your bedside table. You reached over to grab it and saw a request from the General for a comm. You accepted it and tried to gather yourself together. “Are you alright?” she said as soon as her image came up on the screen. Her eyes were full of concern as she stared at you through the comm. You sucked in a deep breath. “Yeah, I’m fine,” you lied. Everything you remembered from that attack was still in your mind, replaying and replaying. There was a pause before you saw the General look down and sigh. “I got a comm from one of your neighbours,” she explained, “They said you were screaming.” “I’m fine,” you repeated. Your fingers still trembled as you tried to hold the holopad still. The General stayed on the line with you for a minute. Some one that bunked in your corridor had heard you apparently. You were surprised you didn’t wake up the whole base. The General’s frown of concern didn’t leave her face. She watched you carefully through the commlink as you tried to hide the fact that you were actually terrified . “Do you want me to come over?” she asked. “Even just until you fall asleep again.” It kept surprising you how much of a mother-figure she was to you. “No,” you breathed in, “I’m fine. Thank you.” When you had shut off your holopad and put it back on your bedside table, you wrapped the blankets tightly around you. You were cold now that the sweat on your skin and clothes had started to cool down. As you huddled deeper under the sheets, you turned your face into your pillow. Everything had seemed so real. Like you were back in your six-year old body and was experiencing it again. You didn’t cry. You had stopped crying over what happened long ago. Now all that remained was a dull ache in your heart, and numbness everywhere else. When sleep eventually came for you again, it was an hour later. “I have nightmares too, you know.” You looked over your shoulder to see Poe standing a few feet away from you at his own X-Wing. The hydrowelder in your hand suddenly became heavier as you turned back to the hull of your ship. There was a silent moment between the two of you. “Do you want to talk about it?” he asked quietly. The hangar was quiet, but there was the banging and welding of mechanics going on at the other side of the hangar. His voice was slightly careful in the way he asked you. “You sounded like you were being murdered,” he explained. You bit the inside of your cheek. “I was, in a way.” You suddenly felt Poe’s presence behind you. Looking over your shoulder again, you saw him standing a bit closer to you, but still respecting your space. His eyes were soft – the eyes of your friends, rather than your Commander. “You can talk to me about anything,” he explained quietly. Your eyes began to sting slightly at the unshed tears you wanted to shake away. You swallowed the lump in your throat and turned back to the hull of your X-Wing. “Thank you Commander.” The memories wouldn’t leave you alone. They didn’t stop when you woke up. They lingered in the back of your mind. If any one recognised that you weren’t okay, no one said anything. You were slightly thankful for it. It was a thing you had to work through on your own. Every night the same scene would play in your head: people screaming and pushing to get to safety, the sound of marching of Stormtroopers as they stalked up and down your street, the smell of blood and smoke in the air, the flashes of red blasters that cut through everything. Eventually blue blasts joined them as some of the people on your street fought back against the Troopers. Tonight’s memories were different. When your mother called your name through the crowd, you heard your name said by another voice. The blast hit her and she fell to the ground, and your name was still echoing through your nightmare. It drowned out everything else. You couldn’t hear the people screaming anymore, or the yelling of your brother as your mother lay dead on the ground. It seemed to pull you back. When your eyes opened, you saw two people standing in your room. You tried to shuffle back on the bed, into the corner where you could be safer, but a hand gently grabbed your wrist. Poe was sitting on the edge of your bed. Your chest was heaving with every deep breath you took. “You’re okay,” he said gently. His thumb was rubbing small gently circles into your wrist. He was looking straight into your eyes, and you found yourself staring back. “You’re safe.” Your body trembled as you tried to figure out what was wrong. As you looked over Poe’s shoulder you saw the General standing there with her hands clasped together in front of her. You looked back to Poe. “How-Why are you here?” you asked shakily. Poe looked over his shoulder to the General. “I heard you screaming again,” he explained. The grip on your wrist tightened slightly. “I wanted to make sure you were okay.” A sob left your lips. “No. No I’m not okay,” you started. You paused as tears began to fall down your cheeks. You wiped them away with the sleeve of your sleepshirt, and took in a shaky breath. The General took a step towards your bed and put her hand on Poe’s shoulder. She leaned down an whispered something into his ear, something you couldn’t make out. He nodded. “I want Poe to stay with you tonight,” the General explained to you. Poe slipped off of the bed and the General took his place. She took your hand in hers and rubbed her thumb along your knuckles. “Are you okay with that?” You took a moment to think it through – you realised you needed someone with you. You were sick of waking up alone and terrified in the dark. Having Poe around might help you. You were both close enough as it was, and if anyone would be able to help you through it, he would. You nodded. The General stood up from the bed, and pressed a kiss to your forehead. “Get some sleep, dear,” she said gently. When she was out of the room, you slid over to the side of your bed. Poe was in similar clothing to you. He had a loose green shirt on and light sleep bottoms. He sat down on the edge of your bed. He frowned. “Are you sure you’re okay with me being here? I don’t’ have to sleep in the same bed or anything.” You lifted up the sheets. “You’re not sleeping on the floor, Poe,” you said quietly, nodding to the free space beside you. You turned away from him to face the wall and tugged your blankets closer to yourself. You were cold and tired and just wanted the world to leave you alone, at least for one night. You felt your bed eventually dip with Poe’s weight as he climbed under the sheets. You meant what you said – you weren’t going to let him sleep on the floor. Even though you had a small couch to the side of your quarters, that wasn’t much better. After spending a week having the same nightmare, you knew it would take a while for sleep to come. You had already done everything you could do to try and get back to sleep. You had counted the indents on the roof, though through everything you needed to do for the next day – everything to keep your mind off of what it was trying to remind you of. Looking over your shoulder, you saw Poe was facing the other way with his back to you. You were always close on the base. You had both been through hell. While Poe was perfectly okay with talking about what kept him up at night – nightmares of his friends being shot dwn by First Order TIE fighters – you still couldn’t talk about what had happened to your home planet. Naboo was still standing. That’s what the General always told you. Rebel leaders had entered the city within a day and had managed to flush out any empirical soldiers from the streets. You remember seeing them open the hatch to the bunker and tell you that everything was safe again. You tugged the blanket tighter around yourself. “If you want to talk about it, I’m all ears,” Poe said quietly. His voice was low, but shocked you slightly through the darkness of your room. He paused for a minute when you didn’t answer him. “I know you don’t like talking about it. I understand why. But I’m here. If, at any point, you need help, I’m here.” Silence fell between you. The numbness that followed your nightmares tingled in your fingers. You had no more tears left in you. Rolling onto your other side, you stared at the back of Poe’s head. “My parents were shot by empirical soldiers when I was six,” you got out in one breath. Having it out there, lingering in the air between you both, you nearly started to cry again. You had held it inside of you for all this time – decades – that having it spoken out felt strange and alien. Poe turned to face you. He opened his mouth to reply but you jumped in, “My mother was shot in front of me. When my brother tried to turn me away, I saw my father run over to her. He was shot when he was trying to pick up her dead body.” “(Y/N).” “We didn’t know what was going on. One minute, we were all asleep in our beds. My mother had just finished reading me and my sisters a story. Then my eldest brother burst through the door and dragged us out of bed. That’s when I heard the screaming from outside.” Poe’s eyes were locked with yours. The dark brown eyes that you’ve come to memorise anchored you as you told him about everything that had happened. You told him how you felt at the time, how you felt know, even how all these years later it still haunts you. When you were finished, your chest ached. It always ached after thinking back to that day, but it was clenching pain that squeezed along your heart and lungs, forcing out choked breaths. “You were there,” Poe said slowly, his eyes searching yours, “in the strike against Naboo?” You nodded. “I’m so sorry,” Poe frowned.” “It wasn’t your fault-” “-I remember my parents talking about it,” he replied, “the General-” “-Took me in after she found out where it was that I came from,” you finished for him. When you arrived at the Resistance, you already had a pair of arms around you. The General had known your mother. She liked her. She knew you too, but you didn’t know her at first. You were too young to remember he face, and it had been years since you had seen the General before that moment. But you never felt safer when her arms were around you. Poe sighed. “And the nightmares?” “Memories.” “What do you want to do about them?” he asked. You bit the inside of your cheek. “I could ask Dr. Laon” “I don’t need that kind of help,” you interrupted him. Poe’s eyes softened. “I’m not damaged.” “I’m not saying that you are.” “I don’t need Laon telling me what I already know,” you said lowly. Poe was silent for a minute before he spoke again. “He helped me with my problems. I know what it is that you’re dealing with. I saw a friend – a good friend – of mine get shot out of the sky in front of me. Every night, I can still see him in my room smiling. I just do what Laon told me to do.” You shuffled closer to Poe. “What?” “I tell myself that he’s gone. Then I tell myself that it wasn’t my fault. And when I’ve cried most of it out, I forget about it.” Poe reached out to take one of your hands in his. “I won’t make you do anything you’re uncomfortable with. If you don’t want to talk to Laon or his doctors, that’s fine. But I can’t see you destroy yourself every day over a memory.” His hand gripped yours a bit more firmly. “I can’t keep seeing such beautiful eyes grow that dark and sad because some memory won’t leave them alone,” he said. You swallowed thickly. The back of your eyes were beginning to sting. “It’s okay to be sad,” Poe continued, “If you want to be sad, then be sad. I’ll be here waiting. Until then, I’ll do the smiling for the both of us.” A tear fell down your cheek. You drew in a shaky breath. You squeezed his hand. “You’re too kind to me.” Poe smiled faintly. With the ache slowly ebbing away from your chest, you were exhausted. Your eyelids grew heavier with the warmth of the room, eventually slipping shut. You felt the bed shift around. You opened your eyes to see Poe lying on his back, his arm outstretched towards you. “Here,” he waved to the space between him. It wasn’t strange sliding up next to him. It wasn’t strange at all. It was oddly comforting. You pillowed your head on his shoulder as his arm came around you. “This is okay, isn’t it?” he asked you as you got settled. You gave him a shy smile. “Yeah,” you wrapped your arm around his middle and puled yourself to his side. The warmth that came from his body anchored you. The memories, the nightmares, were beginning to be chased away. Your eyes slipped shut again. For the first time in what seemed like forever, nothing seemed to be lurking in the dark corners of your room. Nothing was tugging at the back of your mind, waiting for you to let down your walls to attack you again. Your hold on Poe tightened slightly. He was humming softly. It was a song he mumbled whenever you were both in the hangar. You presumed it was something from Yavin IV – no matter how hard you tried to listen, all you picked up were muttered words in a language you couldn’t make out. You listened to him hum the soft tune of the song, combing his fingers through your hair. Everything was quite. Not the quite you had come to hate – the one that you waited in patiently for the nightmares to return. You were in the clam quite. The kind of quite that came after a storm. The one that offered hope and a new beginning. Looking up to Poe, his eyes were shut and he was breathing evenly. You smiled warmly at him before you snuggled back into his side. The storm would return, but at least you had someone to hold your hand through it. Notes: I will eventually do something about Kes/Shara with a baby Poe. I have this headcanon that Shara would sing "Hushabye Mountain" from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang to him as a kid. It's a beautiful song, and something that would be sang to me when I wasn't feeling the best. It still is, actually. Tumblr inbox is always open friends. Pop by with your suggestions and prompts, or anything you would like to see. Chapter 57 : Kes Dameron/Shara Bey - Little One (General Rating) Summary: A moment on Yavin IV between Kes and Shara. (Guest appearance from a baby Poe). Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Let’s go home, Shara Bey.” Those had been the words that cemented them together. It was a hot summer day on Yavin IV. When the warm weather rolled through the moon, everything slowed down. Everything just seemed to get that bit lazier. She sat on the porch of their home. The colony was a small one, but slowly growing as colonists began to marry each other and start families. It was a welcomed thing after the war. It had taken so much away from people. It was nice to seemingly start over again. Her legs dangled off of the side, her toes grazing the top of the grass beneath her. Her husband was out in the backyard. She watched him contently, letting the cool breeze run over her. He was in his arms – their little pilot. Even though she was at the other end of the yard, she could see the brilliant smile on her husband’s face. He reached up to the branches of the tree they had planted almost a year ago. It grew slowly, barely more than a sapling now, but glowed lightly no matter how bright or dark it was outside. Her husband hoisted their son up onto his broad shoulders. Their son giggled and reached for the tallest branch that had managed to grow from the tree. “Be careful, love,” she called out. Their son turned around and waved a hand at his mother. She smiled warmly at him. Her husband turned to face his wife. He lifted their son from his shoulders, and on shaking legs, the boy began to sprint over to his mother. “Mama,” he giggled as he collided into her legs. She lifted him up onto the porch, sitting him on her lap. He had her husband’s dark eyes that seemed to look through everything and black hair that was starting to curl like hers. Her husband began to walk back to the house. The sun was beginning to set. Her son was beginning to clutch to the front of her shirt, becoming heavy in her arms. “What did Papa show you?” she smiled down at him. He let go of her shirt to point to the tree in their back yard. “Master Luke gave it to us,” he told her. She nodded simply. That’s what they told him – that’s the only thing that they told him. Luke was a family friend to them, nothing more. They would tell him everything, in their own time. It was too much to tell a child. Sometimes she wondered if it would be too much for him to handle when he’s older. “Let’s get you to bed sweetling,” she stood up from the porch. Her husband had reached the porch, stepping up onto the wooden planks and reaching to open the back door to their home. Their son wrapped his arms around her neck tightly. “Can we fly tomorrow, Mama?” he asked through a tired yawn. She bounced him lightly on her hip, smiling over to her husband. “Of course, sweetling,” she replied. They all went back into their house. It was still bare, only with the essential furniture and necessities inside. “I want to be a pilot like you, Mama,” she heard him mumble into her neck. She carried him down the hallway towards his room, on the opposite side of the hall from her own. Pushing the door open she strode over to his bed and put him down. She brushed the curls away from his head. “Do whatever will make you happy, sweetling,” she whispered. Tugging the blankets over him, she pressed a kiss to his forehead. He buried himself under the blankets and smiled up at his mother. “G’night.” She smiled warmly. “G’night love.” “I don’t want him to do what we did,” she whispered. Watching him sleep peacefully through the crack in the door, she felt her husband walk up behind her and put a hand to her shoulder. Her voice was tight. “I don’t want him to go through that, Kes.” He sighed. “No one should ever go through that,” he replied simply. Their house was silent and dark. The colony was long asleep. The only way of making out the shapes of the house was through the beams of moonlight that streaked in through the windows. “We’ll figure it out,” he promised her. Two strong arms went around her slender waist, pulling her back to his chest. She sighed heavily, almost tiredly. “Until then,” Kes continued, pressing a kiss to her temple, “we keep it from him. Let him dream of flying. Let him play with his imagination. But we tell him nothing else.” Her chest began to ache. “Okay,” she rasped. She turned around in her husband’s arms and pressed a kiss to his lips. “Nothing else,” she repeated. Her hands were pressed to his chest, her fingers splayed over his shirt. She looked over her shoulder into her son’s room. He slept soundly, his chest rising and falling with every breath. She kept the door slightly open. Taking his hand in hers, she nodded to their own room. “Come on, Sergeant,” she whispered, “I’m tired.” Notes: This was actually something requested from my co-worker. I had my AO3 account open on my phone and he passed me and saw. Cue an hour long chat about Kes/Shara/Poe/Finn/STORMPILOT MIGHT BECOMING AN ACTUAL THING. Best lunch of my life. Chapter 58 : Luke Skywalker/Reader - Gone (General Rating) Summary: A lovely Tumblr Nonnie who wanted fluffy or angsty Luke/Reader. So I did both. Luke eventually comes back to you. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Whatever it was that he had to do, it must have been important. That’s what you told yourself with every passing day where he didn’t walk back through the door. After everything that had happened – the chaos and destruction of half of the galaxy – you knew that you wouldn’t be able to keep him to yourself. You would have liked to. Light, you would have loved to. There were plans of you two running away to an uncharted planet on the edge of the Outer System. The plans that you both formulated during the night when you lay awake next to each other, staring at each other through the darkness. Leia was behind you both. She had promised that when the time was right for you both to leave, she would turn a blind eye and let you go. Then Luke left without you. “Luke,” you said quietly. Through the silence of your house, it seemed louder than it was: deafening, even. He was pulling on his Jedi robes, wrapping the cloth tightly around himself. When he heard you call his name, he looked up to you. “Where are you going?” you asked through a yawn. “It’s the middle of the night.” Luke’s hands fidgeted. “The council has called a meeting,” he replied. What was left of the council, anyway. You couldn’t see him very well in the darkness. Stray beams of moonlight streamed through the windows of your home, lighting the house enough for you to make out the shapes of furniture. His face was mostly in shadows. “This late at night?” you asked. “It’s important.” Luke stalked through the dark room and over to you. A packed bag was already at the door. You noticed his lightsabre already attached to his belt. “I’ll be back before you know I’m gone,” he seemed to promise you. He reached out and stroked your cheek lightly with his knuckles. You sighed. You didn’t ask him anymore questions. The council was notorious for pulling him away from you at all hours of the day or night. You understood why he had to go. You both understood what would be expected of you both when you entered into this relationship. It didn’t make it any easier to let him go. You wished to every deity there was that he didn’t have to go. He pressed a kiss to your forehead. “I just need to do something,” he said quietly. You didn’t ask about that either. You wished that you did. Over the years that he was gone, you had stored up questions in your mind. You thought about them every day, hoping silently that he could hear them from wherever he was hiding. You presumed he was hiding. You hoped he was hiding. “When are you coming home?” “ Are you coming home?” “Are you even alive?” “Is all of this falling on deaf ears or on the grave?” Your house was empty and silent without him. Sometimes you couldn’t’ even stand being in there by yourself. Leia had let you stay with her on the base. D’Qar wasn’t much help to you either. It was loud, but still so silent without him. Despite that, you stayed on D’Qar. You didn’t have Luke, but you had Leia. As the years passed for you both, you watched her eyes become dull and weary. You were both tired of all of it. There would be moments between you both – silent moments – where you would remember him in your own way. They had a breakthrough. A piece fo the map that had been missing for so long they had managed to find. You had seen the map to him come to life, piece by piece, until you almost threw a chair through the holo when you saw one piece was missing. You watched Leia walk one of her pilots out onto the landing strip, closely followed by a BB unit on the pilot’s heels. Bring him home , you thought. A girl was the one to bring him back to you. You had let Leia mourn the loss of her husband. War was a busy time. While you sought Luke out in the base, you had left Leia to mourn. Luke was different. After years of not seeing him – years of numbness that encased your chest and hope that slowly died within your mind – he was finally standing in front of you. He wasn’t the man who had left all of those years ago. You didn’t expect him to be. You didn’t know what to expect when you would finally see him again. His robes were tattered and torn, his face looked weather-beaten, and his eyes – soulful eyes that you adored so much – looked tired and weary. You both stood in the middle of his quarters. “You look like shit,” you commented drily. He didn’t smile, but rather looked down at the ground between you and sighed. You tentivally took a few steps towards him. “ I’ll be back before you know I’m gone ,” you repeated the words he had promised you all of those years ago, “that’s what you said to me.” “I’m sorry,” he mumbled. His voice sounded harsh and cracked. You snorted. “Sorry,” you repeated, “you’re not sorry.” “(Y/N)” “-Do you know how much I lived with?” you asked him seriously. “When the rumours started coming in – you were missing, captured, dead ,” you voice cracked slightly over the last one, “Imagine how I felt – living through every day with someone telling me something different. Who could I believe? I prayed every single day that you could have walked through the door to our house, and that would have been the end of it. You didn’t.” His frown deepened. Standing in front of him, you carefully reached up and put your hands on his chest. You blinked at the warmth that was under your hands. You expected to feel nothing, to have your hands pass through yet another ghost of him that had come to haunt you. His eyes finally locked with yours. “I’m so sorry for what I put you through,” he mumbled, “but I was just trying to protect you and everyone that I care about.” You frowned at him. “You protected us by leaving?” you asked with a cold bite to your words. His eyes fell shut. The door to the quarters hissed open. Looking over your shoulder, you saw Leia standing there with her arms hanging limply to her sides. You turned away from Luke, and passed Leia to get out of the room. You had your moment with him. You needed to let them have theirs. You had managed to walk down a few feet of the hallway before everything hit you all at once. You stumbled slightly, but threw out your hand to catch yourself. You breathed in deeply through your nose, counting your breaths in your head. There were hurried footsteps coming up the hall. “Commander,” you heard someone call out. Looking up, you met the eyes of Poe. He caught your arm with his hand, supporting you slightly as you got back to full height. You waved him away. “I’m alright, Commander,” you said a bit breathlessly, “just the years finally catching up to me.” He didn’t look convinced. When you had managed to stand up on your own, you waved him away again. “I’m sure a young man down in the medical ward needs you more than he needs me,” you smiled warmly at him, “don’t you agree Commander?” A slight blush crept up along Poe’s neck and rested on his cheeks. “Go,” you said. Poe lingered for a moment, making sure you were okay, before taking back off down the hallway on his way to medical. You had seen him and the new recruit together. Leia and you often spoke of it. There were a few budding romances in the base that you would watch unfold. It gave you hope in a way. Not everything was being destroyed by the First Order. Notes: I wrote this pretty quickly at work, so it's not the greatest thing I've churned out (IMO) but *shrugs* Chapter 59 : Kylo Ren/Reader + Poe Dameron/Reader - Burnt (Teenage Rating) Summary: Prompt from a Tumblr Nonnie: They requested the Reader and Kylo fight on the snowy planet that Finn/Rey and Kylo fight on, plus guest appearance by Poe who witnesses the whole thing. You ran through the snow banks, pushing through low hanging branches and snow drifts. You can faintly hear your name being called through the howling of the wind. The rain and snow is pelting against your face. The beating of your heart against your ribcage is the only thing you can feel. “Ben!” you screamed through the wind. You unclasped your lightsabre from your belt and strode towards him. He lit his own lightsabre. It spat and hissed red light, flickering against the falling snow. “Ben,” you said, your eyes softening as you saw the battle going on inside his head. “Ben, come home with me.” You heard your name being called again. It’s joined by other voices. Ben’s frown deepened. His face was consumed in shadows, the moonlight only highlighting how gaunt his features were. His eyes were locked onto yours, just as dark as they had been since you found him again. “Don’t call me that,” he gritted through is teeth. You kept walking towards him, your lightsabre in your hand, but not lit. “That’s your name Ben,” you tried to get through to him, “you’re Ben Solo. Your parents are Han and Leia. You’re my friend-” Ben swung heavily at you. You were able to get enough friction on the ground to swing your body out of his way, stepping to the side. You still didn’t draw your weapon. “Ben,” you pleaded, “please come home with me.” “Stop calling me that!” he roared, swinging at you again with a bit more force. You managed to get out of the way just in time, dropping to the snow and rolling away from him. When you got back up on your feet you saw a few flecks of blood on the white snow. You frowned at them. You weren’t injured, or not as far as you could tell. You looked up at Ben and saw him breathing heavily, beating his fist against his side. Another pool of blood appeared on the ground beneath him. “Ben,” you whispered. He twisted his weapon around in his hand, stalking around you. “You betrayed me,” he growled, “you stayed with them .” You steadied your feet on the ground. “You killed those people, Ben,” you said shakily, “they were our friends .” “They were weak,” Ben hissed at you. His hand tightened around his lightsabre as he brought the point of it to your chest. The red light flickered angrily against the dark night. You shut your eyes and dropped your lightsabre to the snow beneath you. “I won’t fight you, Ben,” you said as steadily as you could. You opened your eyes to see him staring back at you. “Kill me if you have to.” Ben’s jaw clenched. His hand shook slightly – you didn’t know if it was from the cold or something else entirely. You shut your eyes again and waited for the impact. The world slowly seeped away as you focused on your breathing. In and out, in and out. You heard Ben’ take a breath and swing his arm back. The light from his weapon hissing with every snowflake that fell onto it. You prayed to the Light and the Maker- Something whipped past you. You heard you name be called again. You could hear it clearly even through the howling wind. Opening your eyes, you saw that Ben had stumbled back a few steps with his hand pressed to his shoulder. His eyes were darker than anything you’ve ever seen. His breathing was erratic as he slowly stood up. You looked over your shoulder. Poe was on one of the snow mounds with his rifle pointed at Ben. He loaded another round into the rifle. “Poe, don’t,” you called out to him. His frown deepened. He wasn’t listening to you. You reached out to your lightsabre and it flew back into your hand. Poe was walking towards you and Ben with the rifle in his hands. You stepped out in front of his path. You could still feel Ben behind you. He was hurt – his walls were beginning to break and you could feel the amount of pain he was in, both mentally and physically. You ignited your lightsabre and pointed it at Poe. He stopped. “Back off,” you said lowly. You could see inside his mind – he was confused, angry, afraid – there were too many things going on in his head. You couldn’t get through to him like this. His eyes softened when you left a thought in his mind. Leave it to me. Poe slowly lowered the rifle. He was my friend too. I know. His eyes flickered over to Ben. You could still feel him trying to recover from the blaster wound. You turned back to Ben. Your lightsabre was still lighting to your side. You shut it off again. “Ben, come home,” you pleaded with him again. His eyes were changing. Something in his still remained – something of Ben still remained. He looked at you and for the first time since seeing him again after all of these years, you saw your friend. “(Y/N),” he said. You were still wary. You weren’t around to see what had happened inside of the ship, but you saw it in his head. That was the only thing he wanted to you see. He killed his own father , you thought to yourself , he’ll have no problem killing you . You kept the handle of your lightsabre in your hand. Taking a few small steps towards him, you saw more blood dripping out on to the snow. “You’re my friend,” you said to him. His eyes never left yours. The changing between dark and light was happening behind them. You could see it. All he needed was a push in the other way. You took a deep breath. “Remember before you left? We were best friends. What about all of the times we snuck out after curfew to walk along the running track? Or the time we went to the market together?” You took a shaky breath. “You’re my friend, Ben. Whoever it is,” you waved a hand to his body, “that you are now – I don’t want it. That’s not who you are. I want Ben Solo back. I want him returned back to me.” Ben shut his eyes. You didn’t know if it was tears or the snowflakes hitting his face, but he looked like he was crying. You were nearly there. “Your mother wants you home Ben,” you said gently, “we all need you home.” The wind howled around you. It was freezing, but you were already numb. All of this – whatever all of it was – was just too much. It seemed like as soon as one war ended another began. Ben slowly opened his eyes. Your eyes searched his for a minute. You couldn’t make out anything. You could feel Poe’s presence still somewhere behind you. “Ben Solo died a long time ago,” he said slowly, lunging upward towards you. You ignited your lightsabre, but you already had his body pushing you backwards and a searing pain through your left side. You gasped as Ben was suddenly close to you, breathing heavily onto your face. Through the blood pulsing in your ears, you heard your name again. Your eyes slipped shut, but you saw a brilliant flash of blue appear. Ben was thrown back with the force of another blast. He grabbed his injured shoulder and staggered back from you. Without his body you fell to your knees. Looking down at the white snow underneath you, you became dizzy when you saw red slowly seep into the snow. You let your eyes slip closed. The howling wind was all that you heard for a time before the blood pulsing in your ears drowned it out. You wanted the world to ebb away. You felt your body slump forward, eventually falling heavily onto the snow. It was so cold against your skin that it burned. Through the haze you could hear footsteps hurrying along the snow. You faintly heard your name. Things began to slip away. “(Y/N)!” You felt your body be pulled around until you were lying on your back. Pain shot up and down your side. You had barely enough energy to look down to your side – your robes were soaked with blood and it was slowly crawling out onto the snow. Poe was above you, yanking off his jacket. He balled it up in his hand and pressed it to your side. You gasped in pain. “I know, love,” he hushed you, pressing down onto the wound to stop the bleeding. Your head lolled to the side. Looking into the forest, to where Ben had stumbled off to, you couldn’t see anything. Beyond the trees was just darkness. Poe was looking around frantically. You could hear him talking to himself, panicking about what to do. “Love,” you mumbled weakly. You had barely enough energy to lift your hand and put it over his. You swallowed. “Go.” Poe’s eyes were brimmed with tears. “No,” he choked out, “you’ll be alright. Someone will find us-” “-The base is about to blow,” you managed to get out through another blast of pain. You let your eyes droop closed. “Stay with me, love,” Poe whispered. He pressed his jacket firmly against your wound. Get back to your pilots , you whispered to him through your link. Tears fell from his eyes. The wind didn’t let it. It gusted around both of you. You were freezing, everything becoming number and number until you heard something through the wind. Poe was shouting out to someone. “Chewie!” he was screaming. You turned your head and saw a ship rise from a valley that wasn’t too far away from where you and Poe were. The Falcon lifted up from the crevasse and flew over the trees. You felt Poe shuffle you around on the ground. You cried out at the pain the movement was causing. Poe hushed you, gently stroking your hair and pressing kisses to your forehead. “Stay with me,” he pleaded, lifting you up into his arms. The Falcon had found a clearing large enough for it a few metres away. Poe kept you close to his chest. Your head was tucked into his neck. He was the last bit of warmth you felt even in the ice-hell you were on. Poe stumbled through the snow, jostling you every so often when your tried to close your eyes. The loading door to the Falcon opened and the Wookie was there calling out to Poe. Rey ran out of the Falcon, stumbling out onto the snow. When she spotted you and Poe, she sprinted towards you. “What happened?!” Poe shook his head. “We need to go,” he stumbled past her, “I’ll explain later.” One of your arms was around Poe’s neck. The other hung loosely, one that Rey took and held your hand firmly. “You’ll be okay,” she repeated over and over again. When you were all in the Falcon, Chewie and Rey left for the cockpit and tried to lift off from the exploding base. Poe carried you through the dimly lit halls, eventually getting into the living space and placing you gently onto the couch. Poe’s jacket was still pressed to your side, absorbing the blood that was spilling out of you. Everything was starting to spin and blur. The lights of the living space, although were dark, were just too bright. Poe pressed a kiss to your forehead and brushed back your hair. “You’ll be alright,” he promised you. His other hand took yours. There was something in his eyes. Even through the haze, you could still pick up his thoughts. He was rpelaying the moment you were stabbed over and over again. There was an absence in his eyes. He wasn’t completely with you. You squeezed his hand as best as you could. I’m going to kill him , he was thinking. He was imagining himself tracking Ben down and putting a rifle blast through him. “Don’t,” you said wearily. His walls weren’t up. You could see everything that was inside his mind. “just…Just stay with me.” Poe sat down on the ground and did just that. His hand didn’t leave yours, and he didn’t stop stroking your hair. He looked down to his jacket on your side. The pressure he had put on the wound might have stopped the bleeding. You didn’t want him to take it off just in case it bled out again. You were too far away from any proper medical help. Having Poe hold your wound shut until you were able to get back to the base seemed to be what was happening. “I’m tired,” you mumbled after a silent moment. You heard Poe huff a laugh. “You’ll be home soon,” he told you. His fingers were carding through your hair. After a few minutes the Falcon was gliding easily. You heard hurried steps echo through the hallway and Rey rushed into the “Is she alive?” she pushed past Poe. You could have laughed if the pain in your side wasn’t trying to kill you. Poe’s hand didn’t leave yours as he shuffled to the side, allowing Rey to kneel down beside you. Rey put the back of her hand to your forehead. You were still cold from the snow, but the frown on Rey’s face told you something different. “She’s burning up,” Rey muttered. Whether or not she was talking to you or Poe, or even herself, you didn’t ask. You just tried to relax. Rey reached over you to pull back Poe’s jacket. She was slow about her movements, careful not to jostle you too much. She hummed to herself when she saw your wound. “It’s not bleeding anymore,” she said quietly, “but who knows what other damage has been done.” Poe frowned at her. “Other damage?” “Lightsabres are notorious for leaving other sorts of injuries on the body,” Rey explained to him, “we need to get medical to check it out. I can’t close it.” She pushed Poe’s jacket back onto the wound. “I’ll get some bandages,” Rey stood up and ran down the hallway again. Poe looked down to you, his eyes softening when he noticed you were becoming drowsier with every passing moment. You looked up at him with tired eyes. He smiled down at you. “You’ll be okay, love,” he said, leaning down to press a kiss to your forehead. The numbness in your body was starting to ebb away slightly. You could feel how tightly Poe was holding onto your hand. It grounded the both of you – Poe had told you countless times that you wouldn’t leave this world without him. You supposed the only way Death could take you now is if They pried you from Poe’s grip. You whispered through the link you both shared together. I love you . He whispered it back. It floated through your mind, warming you slightly. Rey eventually returned with a wad of bandages and a blanket tucked underneath her arm. She wrapped the blanket around you, pulling it over your legs and waist, while removing Poe’s jacket again form your side. You stared up at the Falcon’s ceiling. You hardly noticed Rey cleaning the wound, or wrapping the fresh dressing around your side. She pulled the blanket up to your chest. “That should hold out until we get back,” she told you. You thanked her and she placed a chaste kiss to your forehead. “I need to get back to piloting,” she told Poe before disappearing again. The scene played in your mind again and again. You weren’t sure if it was because Poe’s mind still lingered on his assassination plan for Ben, or whether or not it was your own mind reminding you on how much of your friend has changed. Ben Solo is dead , his voice lingered in your mind like a haunted voice. You shut your eyes for a moment, blinking away a tear. You wouldn’t believe it. Ben was still in that dark mind somewhere. You just needed to find him. Chapter 60 : Kylo Ren (Ben?)/Reader + Poe Dameron/Reader - Say No to This (General Rating) Summary: MUSICAL!AU Ben and the Reader preform Hamilton's Say No to This. Poe has some feelings about it. Notes: Something I wrote for fun. Pure fun. I can do more of these if you like :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You loved your company. Every day was different. Different ideas of how the song should be performed, or how the scene should be set was thrown forward. Every day you all sat in a circle in the middle of the studio and shouted out ideas. Jess’ ideas would always have something to do with one of the boys taking their shirts off. Rey would always want to pump up the girl power in the room – there were only five of you, and a small army of men. You always sat back and watched the ideas swirled together until a performance would be born. Then you had to actually do it. Karé had been the one to put forward the idea today. You had all been working on Hamilton for the last few weeks. The buzz of preforming such an empowering song like The Schuyler Sisters still rattled through your bones. “Okay, hear me out,” Karé started. Finn’s hand shot up. “You are not getting three guys to perform The Schuyler Sisters , Karé.” Karé gave him a hard stare. “While that sounds hilarious, no, that’s not what I had in mind.” She pointed to you, Poe and Ben, and the three of you slowly got to your feet. The rest of the company slid back to the walled mirror Karé clapped her hands together. She wore a wicked smile as she looked between the three of you. “ Say No to This ,” she said simply. She pointed to you. “Alexander.” She pointed to Poe. “Burr.” Then Ben. “Maria.” Finn and Rey wore the biggest smiles you’ve ever seen. They slowly dissolved into giggled towards the back of the group. You wanted to fling your shoe at them. Karé slid back until she was sitting against the mirror-wall with her legs sprawled out in front of her. “I’m a genius,” she folded her arms over her chest. Snap stood up and wandered over to the piano, trailing his fingers over the keys until he found his starting note. You stood in the middle of the studio, rooting your feet to the ground as the opening notes of the song started to play. You swayed along to them, watching Poe stride out to the front of the floor. “ There’s nothing like summer in the city ,” he clapped his hands together. Looking over his shoulder, he gave a feral smile. “ Someone under stress meets someone looking pretty. There’s trouble in the air – you can smell it. And Alexander is by himself -” Poe turned on his heels and gestured to you. “- I’ll let him tell it .” You took a deep breath. “ I hadn’t slept in a week, I was weak. I was awake. You haven’t seen a bastard orphan more in need of a break .” You heard Ben walk around the back of the studio. He took long and measured steps, eventually walking up to your side. “ Longing for Angelica, missing my wife, that was when Ms Maria Reynolds walked into my life she said- ” The song lifted off. You always loved it. The pain that was in the characters voices when they realised what exactly they were doing. Ben and you danced around each other. He was so much taller than you, but your eyes locked together and never parted. “-When their mouth is on mine I do not say-” Ben slid his hand to the back of your neck and kissed you deeply. Your own hands went to his chest as the chorus sang “No !” over and over again until you had to pull away from him. “ I wish I could say that was the last time. I said that last time, it became a pastime ,” you wandered around the studio with your hands wringing together. You looked around from side to side. “ A month into this endeavour, I received a letter from a Mr James Reynolds – even better – it read-” “-Dear sir ,” Karé said from the group. A few coy smiles were thrown between you both. “ I hope this letter finds you in good health and in a prosperous enough position (?) to put wealth in the pockets of people like me, down on their luck-” Karé pointed to Ben who now stood on the studio, “-that was my wife who you decided to-” “ -Fuck,” you sighed through your nose. You got a few giggles from the group, mainly from Rey and Finn who hadn’t managed to stop laughing yet. “ If not I’m telling your wife.” You collected yourself and danced around to the back of the studio to where Ben was standing. “Please don’t go, sir” You knelt down in front of Ben and looked straight into his eyes. “Was your whole story a set up?” “I didn’t know about any letter!” “Stop crying, god dammit! Get up!” “I didn’t know any better!” You knelt down on one knee in front of Ben. You were too close to each other, practically screaming the words at each other. “ I am ruined!” you yelled at Ben, “ I am-” “-Don’t leave me with him helpless ,” Ben sang back at you at the same time. He slowly stood up. His eyes were locked with yours. You ran your hands through your hair as you continued singing with Ben. The pain of the words was slowly seeping through your voices. Looking over to the side wall of the studio you spotted Poe leaning against the wall, watching you only. You strode around the studio floor with your hands rubbing the back of your neck. “ How could I do this? ” you shut your eyes. You felt Ben stand behind you. His hands went to your shoulders, gently holding them. “ Give him what he wants, and you can have me-” “-I don’t want you !” you jerked away from him, taking a step forward. “Whatever you want-“ “-I don’t want you!” “-If you can pay, you can stay!” You walked away from Ben again. “ Show me how to say no to this ,” you wrung your hands together in front of you. It used to be a nervous tick you had when you first started performing. Eventually you had thought yourself to use it. It just seemed appropriate for this song. The mood of the song changed. The group that had been smirking through some of the lighter lines all watched you carefully. Some were frowning, some were raptured. Ben was suddenly behind you again. Neither of you had performed the song before. You presumed you were both going off of what you had seen from past performances. How you two fit into the roles so well, you had no idea. You had never seen the emotion that was in Ben’s eyes before. “ There’s no where I can go ,” you sighed as Ben’s hands returned to your shoulders. His grip on them was a bit firmer, kneading the muscles there and slipping down along your arms. “ When her body’s on mine I do not say -” The chorus started singing again. “ No ! Say no to this !” You leaned back. Ben’s chest was pressed against your back as his hands wandered up and down your arms. “ Yes ,” you sang. “ Yes ,” he replied. His traced his fingers back over your shoulder. They ran up your bared neck, pulling away strands of hair that brushed the top of your shoulders. Ben was a warm solid heat behind you as you melted back into his chest. “ Yes ,” you continued to sing as the song began to close. The last of the notes from the piano dispersed from the air. Karé started clapping, wearing a bright wide smile that showed how well you had both done the song. Or, at least, how proud she was of herself for thinking of doing the song with you and Ben in opposite roles. Ben’s touch lingered on your body even as you went back to sit with the group. Poe sat down beside you as Iolo and Karé got up to do their own song. You drew your knees to your chest. “That was amazing,” Poe said quietly. You watched Karé and Iolo walk over to Snap at the piano. “Thanks.” Everything continued on. The group never had a set schedule to follow, only when there were auditions for a show happening. Then all that would be focused on is that musical. You liked days like this, where everyone could do what they liked. Sometimes Rey danced. You liked watching her dance. She flowed like water around the large open space of the studio. Finn sometimes played the piano when Snap couldn’t come to the studio. Jess made everyone laugh by doing something . You liked days like this. When the group broke for lunch, you went to get up before you felt a hand on your shoulder. Everyone slowly filtered out of the studio in pairs. Rey looked over to you and Poe and cocked her head. “You go,” you waved your hand at her, “I’ll catch up.” Rey pulled on her hat and Finn joined her. “We’ll be in Marino’s.” When the door to the studio closed, you sighed heavily. “What do you want?” “You seemed to have a lot of fun up there,” Poe said tightly, nodding his head to the studio’s empty space. You frowned at him. “You’re the one always telling me to lose myself in performances.” Poe laughed bitterly. “I didn’t think you could lose yourself in it that much.” You shoved off from the floor and got to your feet. “What do you want, Poe?” “I didn’t like how he was touching you-” “-For God’s sake Poe,” you sighed, “you’ve kissed dozens of women and men on stage, and I’ve never called you out on it, have I?” Poe got to his feet. You turned on your heels and walked towards where you kept your bag and jacket. When you turned around, Poe was suddenly pressing you back against the wall. “What-” You were cut off by Poe’s lips pressing firmly against yours. You dropped your bag and jacket to the ground and wrapped your arms around his shoulders. Kissing back, you moaned against his lips when you felt one of his hands wandering down to waist. You lifted one of your legs and hooked it around his hip, pulling him closer to you. His hand stroked up and down your thigh. He traced his tongue against your lips. You moaned again. Poe pressed you firmly against the wall behind you. Your fingers were running through his hair, pulling on it slightly. Poe pulled away but kept his mouth close to yours. “You’re a jealous little prick, aren’t you?” you breathed. Poe raised an eyebrow. “ Little ?” You smacked his arm. “Get your mind out of the gutter, Dameron.” He hummed and started pressing kisses to your jaw, trailing them down your neck. You tilted your head to the side and sighed through your nose. “I need to go to lunch,” you said with little or no strength behind your words. Rey would be waiting for you, but you could easily call her and go to lunch with Poe instead. It would leave you with enough time together. Notes: Fun Fact: My friend and I are part of a group like this (acting, mostly. I can't sing for shit) and my friend plus a guy he liked preformed 'Say No to This' in a similar way (except he didn't have Adam Driver practically having sex with him on the stage (I've seen the performance of the song and DAMN)) Prompts and drabbles are starting to wear thin again. Drop by either in the comment section or my tumblr inbox :) Chapter 61 : Poe Dameron/Reader - **Silhouettes (Mature/Explicit Rating) Summary: ** WARNING FOR CHAPTER: - PTSD - Mental health problems - Self-harm Poe's just doing his best. Prompt from Lovely fionawas: The Reader is the sole survivor of a mission gone bad. Poe, bless him, tries to help the Reader cope. (Warnings for the chapter apply after that point (PLEASE take them into account (I love you all))) Notes: Please take into consideration the warnings. This isn't...*sigh*...the DARKEST thing I've ever wrote. My novel is very dark because you know, it's about angels and demons and Sarah's Version of the Creation Story. But this...this is definitely a good fifth placer. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Everything that the medics are saying is falling on deaf ears. There’s nothing but the sound of blood rushing through his ears, the deafening silence of it all. He can see their mouths moving, telling him things, but he’s hearing none of it. His mind is somewhere else entirely – probably trying to tell his heart to slow the kriff down. He can feel it hammering inside of his chest. He can see her over one of the medic’s shoulders. She’s facing away from him, sitting on the edge of one of medical’s uncomfortable bunks. “Commander,” Kalonia’s voice snaps him out of whatever daze he’s in, “are you listening?” He stares dumbly at her for a second before he shakes his head. “Yeah.” She frowns at him, but her eyes soften again. They’ve been through this too many times in the past. Sometimes it’s Poe on that bunk, and sometimes not even conscious. “She’s not well, Poe,” she tells him. His chest starts to hurt again. “Physically, she’s okay. She managed to get away with a few mild burns and cuts,” she flickers through the holopad she has in her hand. When she gets to the next file, she sighs again. “Mentally, though, she’s not even close to being okay.” Why would she be ? He asks in his own mind. She just saw her entire squadron die in front of her . “She won’t speak to any of us,” she says solemnly. He nods. Poe doesn’t know why, but he just does. Looking over the medics’ shoulders again, he sees on her on the bunk. She hasn’t moved an inch. Even though all he can see is her back, her shoulders are slumped and her hands seem to be in her lap. Her head is hung slightly. “I’ll talk to her,” he says numbly. Kalonia leads him over to her, and leaves. She always leaves whenever couples want to speak to each other. Poe’s grateful for it. With every step he takes towards he, he notices something different and new about her: her fingers are moving, tapping out a rhythm the General taught her once to deal with anxiety – thumb-index, thumb-middle, thumb-ring, thumb-pinkie, backwards and forwards until she could get herself back to the real world. He notices how she’s staring straight ahead at the other side of medical, but not looking at anything in particular. He notices how with every shallow breath she takes, her body shakes and trembles slightly. He says her name softly, barely audible. Her eyes don’t move. The tapping of her fingers doesn’t stop. When Poe looks over to the medical team, they’re all gathered at the other end of the room, watching but trying to look like they’re not. When they spot him, they turn back around and hurriedly pick up their holopads and get back to work. When Kalonia is confident enough that Poe is able to look after her, she discharges her and hands Poe a bag of creams for burns, and a new prescription for her tablets. Poe takes the bag in one hand, and holds onto her hand gently. She takes it without question and walks along beside him out of medical and down the hallway. Conversations between people quieten when they spot them coming. Eyes suddenly turn towards them as they pass. He leads her through, aiming for their quarters on the other side of the base. Poe’s request to be grounded is granted without question. He sends a quick ‘thank-you’ comm to the General and turns back to the woman on their bunk. It was their two single bunks that they pushed together when they first started exploring whatever it is that they had. He managed to get her sitting against the headboard, cushioned by pillows and with a blanket pulled up to her waist. Her hands are on her lap, still tapping her fingers in the pattern the General showed her all of those years ago. He watches her for a moment before he decides to walk over to her. His steps are slow and gentle, making sure not to startle her too much. He slowly sits on the edge of the bed. Poe’s been through the wringer himself. He knows what it’s like to see ghosts, or to have one memory repeat in your head over and over again until you forget about the real world. He thinks about taking one of her hands in his. It’s always helped in the past, but she wasn’t tapping then. He decides against it. “Do you want me to put some cream on those burns?” he asks quietly. The words hang between them – the first words spoken since they were reunited in the medical ward. She doesn’t respond in any way that could be helpful. She doesn’t nod or shake her head. He’s given up on the idea that maybe she’ll speak to him. The bag of medicine is sitting on the bedside table. Snap and Jess help whenever they can. They’re great people to contact if you need a distraction. Every second night they’ll come over to Poe’s quarters and talk about anything and everything. He doesn’t expect her to smile, or laugh, or even respond to Snap’s outrageous anecdotes, but it’s all part of his plan to get her back on track. He knows about the empty spaces that are in the hangar. The spaces that are beside her X-Wing – where her friends and squad members used to have their jets. He knows about the eight that need to be buried, regardless of whether or not they have bodies. For now though, he sits beside her and half-listens to Jess and Snap bicker over the accuracy of some of Snap’s stories. His arm is loosely over her shoulders – more on the cushion of the couch than actually on her shoulders. They’re sitting on the floor with blankets and pillows thrown around the room. He silently thanks Snap and Jess in his mind. They keep him sane. He hardly notices the slight movement she makes towards him – the slight lean into his side. He does throw his arms around her, but simply acknowledges the movement. He hears her sigh heavily through her nose. Poe doesn’t sleep much at night. The first words that she speaks to him – a week after he collected her from the medical ward – are “I don’t want to take them.” Poe is standing at the side of the bed with couple of sleeping pills in his hand and a glass of water in the other. The sleeping tablets were prescribed with the other dozens of pills medical thinks she needs. Some of them are genuine. She needs her meds for anxiety. The others…he hasn’t even heard of most of them. She’s sitting in the middle of the bed, looking up at him with watery eyes that just make his heart shatter inside of his chest. He swallows. “Medical said-” “-I know what medical said,” she says, “but I don’t want them. I can sleep just fine.” She can. In the hours that Poe doesn’t sleep, he watches her. Their night-time routine, funnily enough, hasn’t changed. They still make time to decide who gets more of the pillows and sheets (she always does), and who’s arms will be wrapped around who’s (Poe’s usually). When she falls to sleep, Poe doesn’t. He spends hours during the night just watching her. He always brushes away a strand of hair that manages to fall onto her face. Ever since leaving medical, she’s only worn one expression – a blank expression with dead eyes, not at all the woman he fell head-over-heels for. But he knew she was in there somewhere. He just needed to wait until she came back out. He closes his hand around the tablets. “Medical will kill me,” he says. Her eyes flicker down to his closed fist. There are tears running down her face. He knows about the nightmares. He’s been in enough crashes to know what they’re like. He despises sleeping tablets, especially the nurf-tranquilisers that medical issue out. He’s seen her fighting demons at night, running away from ghosts, and waking up in his arms terrified of what has happened. She can wake up. When he watches her sleep, her face always contorts into pain before she jolts awake. If she takes the pills, she won’t be able to. They’re strong stuff. She’ll be locked inside that Hell until they wear off, which could be hours. He puts the pills back into their container and tosses them into some corner of the room. He sits down on the bed beside her, wrapping his arms around her when she starts to cry. It’s the first time he’s seen another emotion appear on her face. Everything had been so blank and dead before. Now the floodgates were beginning to crack open. She’s shaking in his arms. All Poe can really do at this point is ride it out with her, wait until it’s all gone and nothing remains but exhaustion. It takes two hours for that to happen. He pushes away the sheets and helps her into bed. He lies down beside her and pulls the sheets back up, making sure most of them are on top of her. She faces towards the wall with her back to him. Poe runs his fingers over her spine. “It’ll be okay, love,” he assures her. He doesn’t know if that’s true. That’s something they always say to each other when shit hits the fan. She looks over her shoulder. “Come here,” she reaches for his hand. He rolls over and brings her back into his chest, wrapping his arms around her tightly. She sighs when they’ve finally settled. He can feel her rubbing his forearms. “I want to be okay,” she says a bit tightly. He presses a kiss to the back of her head, and then down her neck. “You will be,” he promises. Poe’s grounding doesn’t last forever. It’s a simple recon mission that should only last a week. They’ve always had problems with saying goodbye. Now with the weight of whatever this is pressing on top of them, it’s so much harder. Snap will look after her. Poe looks at him over her shoulder as her arms lock firmly around his waist. Snap gives him a firm nod. He hugs her back, tighter than he should, but she doesn’t protest. “I’ll be back soon,” he promises. Snap takes a few steps towards them when it’s clear that she’s not going to let go anytime soon. “I can’t lose you too,” he hears her mumble into his shoulder. He leans away from her to cup her cheek in his palm. She’s crying – not like the hysterics of the nights before, she seems too tired for that, but a steady stream of tears running down her cheek. She’s shaking slightly. “I promise to you right now,” he starts, “that I will come back to you." It’s not uncommon for mechanics to wear gloves when working in the hangar. It’s something the pilots picked up on – swapping the worn leather for fingerless cloth gloves that keep oil away from the skin. When he sees her for the first time since coming back, she’s in the hangar – the last place she would want to be. He watches her from his own X-Wing, leaning against the hull of it with BB-8 at his feet. The droid beeps at him. He frowns. “I don’t know either buddy,” he says as she starts working on the damage done to her X-Wing. How she managed to fly out of that attack was beyond him. It had taken the rest of her squadron, why didn’t it take her. Whatever was at play, he didn’t know whether to thank it or curse it. She was alive, and with him in the living, but she was a shell now, damaged to the point where he doesn’t think she’ll ever be truly okay again. She’s opening the hull of her ship, pushing away the metal sheets of it’s exterior to get into the wiring and mechanics inside. She’s in her flightsuit – a new one since the other had to be cut off of her in medical. What is she doing ? The second question to pass his mind is Where in Light’s name is Snap? He catches his friend at the base’s small cantina. “She was in the hangar today,” Poe says as he walks up to his friend at the bar. Snap swallows. “Anything is a distraction, right?” Snap turns and looks down at his drink. Half-empty, Poe notes, and weaker than what he would usually drink. “I assume you have someone looking after her now? You are here trying to interrogate me-” Poe shifts on his feet. “I’m not interrogating you. I’m saying that I saw my girlfriend in the hangar today – a place she really shouldn’t be after all that has happened to her. Where the Maker were you?” Snap looks down at the space between him and Poe. “She wanted to do it,” he replies softly. Through the soft murmur of chat in the cantina, Poe barely catches it. He frowns. “She didn’t want to be in your quarters anymore. I offered to take her for a walk to the lake. She didn’t want to do that either. I said to her that we could visit the General. All she wanted to do was go to the hangar and work on her X-Wing.” Poe stares at Snap. The other man throws his hands up. “What did you want me to do? I wasn’t going to stop her.” They’re attracting some glances of people in the cantina. Poe sighs through his nose. “I’m sorry, buddy,” he says wearily. Snap turns back to the bar. “You can’t coddle her forever,” he tells the pilot, before downing the rest of his drink and ordering another one. She goes to the hangar every day. Poe watches her leave in the morning. He pretends to be asleep beside her when she slides out of bed and changes her long-sleeved nightshirt for her flightsuit. He watches her tie her hair back into a loose ponytail and leave the room without even sparing him a second glance. Once the door slides shut, he’s out of bed too pulling on his own clothes. When he gets to the hangar, he always finds her by her X-Wing. It’s fully repaired. It has been for a while. It’s mostly her own work. She wouldn’t let another mechanic near her X-Wing. It wasn’t unusual of her, but she did turn Charlie away. Poe saw him once, walking away and throwing a towel over his shoulder. Charlie was her closest friend. They came to the base together all of those years ago. When he watched Charlie walk past him that day, and giving him a solemn look and a shrugged shoulder, he knew something was wrong. He could have laughed. Of course something was wrong. She had lost everyone in her squadron. It was something else though. Something was niggling in the back of his mind. Something that always got more and more irritating when he watched her from the other side of the hangar. She was obsessing over her X-Wing. In order, she would take the metal apart, fix the interior, weld it back together, smooth the metal out, polish it, and then move onto the next dent. BB-8 tried to approach her once. She had talked to the droid, making idly conversation. They always came back to Poe beeping about how distant she looked when she was working. Poe strode over to her, trying the top of his flightsuit around his waist. She saw him coming and turned back to her work. “Do you want to grab lunch?” he offers. Some people approached him in the hangar. They never see her eat or drink or even blink. One of the mechanics said that she was there before he started his shift in the morning and was there when he was leaving. He had to ask Poe did she even come back to their quarters. She looks over at Poe and shakes her head. “I’m fine.” Poe sighs and crosses his arms. “Are you sure? Did you have breakfast today?” “Yes, and yes,” she replies, sighing when one of the screws of the hull breaks into two. She reaches back to the cart and pulls out another one. Poe takes a quick look at her – everything looks normal. He doesn’t even know what the means but he’s somewhat grateful to see her in anything other than bedclothes. Poe watches her screw in some rivets into the hull of her X-Wing. Her hands tremble slightly, but he smiles faintly at the typical crease that appears on her forehead when she tries to concentrate on something. “We should get lunch,” Poe tries again. Her eyes flicker over to his. “I’m not hungry, Poe.” “Since when did being hungry have anything to do with eating?” He does eventually drag her to the mess hall. They sit with the other pilots. Poe talks idly with his squad, occasionally looking back over to her. He frowns. Every time he looks over, all she’s done is push the food around on her plate. “I’m not hungry,” she says when he looks over again. A few of Poe’s pilots have noticed what’s going on. He sends them away with a quick glare, but keeps turning back to her. “You don’t have to eat all of it,” he says. He specifically made sure that all she grabbed was a small portion of beans and beef, with a bread roll split between her and him. She looks at him. “Poe.” He stops trying after that. He can’t force her to eat. He won’t force her to do anything. That’s not how they work. It’s not how anyone should work. Poe wakes up during the night. His arm is flung over his eyes, so it takes a minute for him to adjust to the darkness inside of the room. He rubs his hand over his face and yawns. He reaches out with his other hand and finds nothing on the other side of the bed. He looks over and sees nothing. The sheets and pulled back, and the bed itself is creased. She definitely fell asleep in his arms. That’s the only time when Poe will fall asleep – when he’s certain that she’s safe. He sits up and looks around. Their room is empty. He pulls off the sheets and slides out of bed. It’s too early to put his flightsuit on, so he opts for his loose green shirt and leather jacket. He finishes pulling on his boots and leaves the room. The base is quite at night, with a few guards roaming on nightshift. They look at him a bit strangely, but who wouldn’t. It’s barely three in the morning. Who in their right mind would willingly leave their bed at this time. D’Qar nights are freezing. Poe’s learned this over the years, and has become used to it. A lot of the people here have. He doesn’t mind the breeze that blows through the hangar. It wakes him up a bit. He quickly scans his eyes over the hangar and he spots her X-Wing in its usual spot. It hasn’t left the ground in nearly a month. The General won’t let it leave the ground. Poe swears she’s close to chaining the damn thing to the ground until she’s positive that she’s okay. She doesn’t notice him walking over. He stuffs his hands into his pockets and strides over to her X-Wing. She’s up on ladder, working on something near the cockpit. With every step he takes towards her, he notices that she’s somewhere else entirely. He doesn’t understand how she can’t hear him. His boots echo around the hangar with every step he takes. He’s tempted to call out to her, but she’s off of the ground, and doesn’t want to startle her. He clears his throat instead. She doesn’t turn around. She’s actually frozen in place, from what he can tell. Poe’s curious frown turns into a concerned one. “Love?” he says as gently as he can. He gets to the bottom of the ladder and puts his hand on it. Looking up to her, he can’t see much. She’s standing on the ladder with both of her hands inside the cockpit. “Love?” Poe tries again. Her body stiffens. He’s finally gotten through to her, then. He puts his other hand on the ladder and peers up at her. “What are you doing out here?” he asks her quietly. Her eyes don’t meet his. She doesn’t even turn to face him. She looks as distant as she had on the day that he collected her from the medical ward. “Do you know what time it is?” She turns to look at him this time. Her skin is pale. Too pale. Even under the fluorescent lights of the hangar. Poe shifts on his feet. “It’s late, babe,” he continues. Her eyes are glazed over, not really following what he’s saying. “Can you come down love?” he asks. “We’ll go back to bed.” She steps down one of the steps of the ladder. Her arms drop from the cockpit to her side and Poe’s heart almost stops. There’s a clatter of something to the ground, but he doesn’t take his eyes off of her forearms. They’re red and wet and dripping - She drops down the last few steps and into Poe’s arms. Her arms are still to her side, while Poe’s wrap tightly around her. Looking over her shoulder, he sees a fusion welder on the ground. It’s not activated, but the nozzle on the welder is still sharp. Poe manages to tear his eyes away from the welder – something that’s covered in blood – and turns to her. He looks down to her arms. It’s her hands that are bleeding. He looks back up to her eyes and there’s something in them. She screams. It’s a blood curdling scream. The kind that can haunt a person. It’s deafening against Poe’s ear but he couldn’t care less. It’s all in one breath. It stops and then the sobbing starts. “I see them Poe!” she cries into his neck, “I see them everywhere! They won’t leave me alone!” He knows exactly what she’s talking about. The staring off into space – she’s not staring at nothing, she’s staring at one of her squad. Her breathing is harsh and laboured. “Love,” he tries to pull her back so that he can look into her eyes, “Love you need to breathe with me, alright? I need you to watch me.” Her body is freezing and trembling, and if Poe’s arms weren’t holding her, she would have probably fallen to the ground in exhaustion. He brings them both to the ground, and sits her in front of him. “Look at me,” he takes her face in his hands gently, “breathe with me, alright?” He breathes deeply through his nose, holds it, and breathes out through his mouth. It’s slow. He can see her trying to copy it, but her eyes squeeze shut and she sobs again. “They’re everywhere,” she says shakily. He tries to keep her eyes on his. If they’re truly everywhere, Poe doesn’t want her to look anywhere else and see them. “You’re safe,” he says slowly, making sure that his words are getting through to her. He looks down to her hands. They’re streaked in blood, with gashes in her palms and fingers from where she was gripping the tools. They’re not the deepest cuts he’s ever seen, but he does find himself staring at them. He looks back up at her. “Where are you?” he asks. Something clicks inside of her head. He can see it in her eyes. It’s their ritual. She sucks in a shaky breath. “A hangar,” she says simply. Poe pulls out his comm and starts typing out a message to two recipients. He looks back up to her. “Tell me more.” Poe types his messages. Hangar – Red . Send to: General Leia Organa and Doctor Kalonia . “D’Qar,” she says quietly. Poe pockets his comm and keeps her hands in his. He raises them up slightly in an attempt to slow down the bleeding. It’s a slow trickle down her wrists, all down her forearms and dripping onto the hangar ground. Her eyes are glazed over. “I’m on D’Qar,” she repeats, “My name is (Y/F/N). I am a Commander for the Resistance. I have lived her for five years.” Facts have kept them alive and sane for years. It’s what they do in the moments of lunacy. Poe listens to the facts of her life. He knows that the General and Doctor are racing through the corridors. She takes a deep breath. Her eyes meet Poe’s. “You’re Poe Dameron. Your parents are Kes and Shara Dameron. I’m your girlfriend.” Poe’s breath hitches slightly. “We’ve been together for a year.” The doors to the hangar swing open and a small army of people are running through. Poe spots Kalonia and her most trusted medics to the front, carrying bandages and kits. They slow down when they see them on the floor. Poe slowly waves them over. She follows Poe’s gaze and sees them. Her hands tighten in Poe’s. It feels like he’s starting all over again. Being back in the medical ward, it’s like being restarted on day one. Medics are still telling him things that he’s not listening to. His eyes are locked on the drugged-out body of his girlfriend on the biobed. Kalonia still looks at the both of them like they’ll either be the death of each other or her. When the medics finally leave him alone – finished with telling him about the new course of medication she has to go on – he drops down onto a chair beside her bedside. He takes that one second to look over her. Her hands and forearms are wrapped in white cloth. The fabric around her hands is slowly turning red, despite having multiple layers of bandages around them. The rest of the ward leaves them alone. Whether or not Kalonia told them to or not, Poe doesn’t know. Time just ticked by. He’s tired. Every bone in his body screams for sleep. He’ll never take his eyes off of her again, he vows to himself. She fidgets slightly on the bed. “You didn’t give her sleeping tablets did you?” he asks one of the medics that comes to check on her. The young man freezes by the monitors. “N-No, Commander,” he manages to get out. Poe must look terrifying to him. He’s pretty sure he has blood on his face from where she tried to hold onto him. That, with the dark circles under his eyes and the sunken look of his face, he looks worse for wear. The medic leaves just as quickly as he came. Left alone again, Poe drags the chair closer to the bed and sits back down. “I love you,” he says to her. He doesn’t know if she can hear him through the haze. He tries to get through to her anyway. “I want you to know that. Everything that has happened, everything that will happen, we’ll get through it together. Sometimes…sometimes you might not want me there. But I’ll be there.” He places his hand gently on hers, mindful of the injuries there. “You’re so strong without me,” he breathes, “I’ve seen you get dragged through hell and back. Don’t let harmless ghosts be the things to defeat you.” Notes: *sits back in chair* holy fuck that took a lot out of me. You can see towards the end that I just got tired and...let it trail off slightly (?) but fuck me sideways I need wine now. My next chapter will be a continuation of something from a while ago. A lovely Anon on Tumblr reminded me of it, because I'm a shit-awful human being with the WORST memory. Essentially, you're all getting a wedding night with Poe Dameron. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ A quick little question thing: If anyone wants me to write about a Male!Reader and (insert character here), ask away! Some have asked me about it and that is something I will absolutely do if you want :) We're all the same here under my reign. Chapter 62 : Poe Dameron/Reader + Poe&Caleb&Shara - Stories (General Rating) Summary: Inspired by these wonderful gifs of Oscar's face: http://yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com/post/143070569125 Reader comes home to hear Poe telling the kids a story. (I'll probably do more of these tbh, because I'm a fluffy sap who can't control herself) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The pilots had the best stories. Caleb and Shara knew that. Snap’s stories were always full of adventure, while Jess always told the younglings fables of her home planet. When you or Poe couldn’t be around for the night routine, you both trusted the pilots enough to do it for you. It involved wrangling the two younglings into bedclothes and their bunks – a task within itself. Then the requests for stories would start. Depending on who was watching over them, the stories were always different. There was one thing though that both of your children agreed on: while the pilots had the best stories to tell, Poe was better. There would be times you would come back to your quarters and find your husband sitting on the floor of your children’s’ room. Between the two bunks, he would be telling them stories about anything and everything, with two very rapt younglings listening to every word he was saying. More often than not, they would always fall asleep. Shara would be the first to drop into sleeping, while Caleb would put up a valiant fight to hear the end of the story. His stories ranged from fables you had both heard of when you were children to historical events, reimagined into epic stories for your children to understand. He told them what had happened before – the fall of the empire and the people behind it, but in a nicer way. They didn’t need to be introduced to that kind of horror now. You had kept the firm idea between you and Poe that you would let them be children for as long as they needed to be. When you came home, you shrugged off your flightsuit and tiredly kicked it into some corner of your room. The hangar tended to take everything out of you, even though you had only spent the day on repairs. You could hear Poe’s voice, and the tired muffle ones of your children carrying through the hallways. After changing into a loose shirt and sleep pants you walked through your quarters to your children’s quarters. “-despite what you two think,” you heard Poe say, “I’m not that old.” You heard Caleb giggle, and Shara respond with a yeah you are Papa! . You were smiling brightly by the time you stood at the bedroom door. Poe was sitting on the edge of Caleb’s bed, with the boy engulfed in blankets and pillows, and Shara cradled heavily in Poe’s arms. You could see her eyelids drooping closed “What happened then, Papa?” Shara mumbled. Poe rocked her gently. “There was a battle between the good and bad guys,” he told them both, “it lasted for a long time. Everyone was involved – pilots in the sky, soldiers on the ground, men and women in decorated castles on the big planets-” “-Like Naboo!” Caleb interjected. He grinned from ear to ear. “That’s where Mama is from, isn’t it Papa?” Poe smiled down at Caleb. “Yes she does, pigeon.” Everyone was so enraptured with Poe’s story that they didn’t even notice you at the door. You tugged the long sleeves of your shirt tighter around your fists and leaned into the side of the door. Poe told them the story about a battle you had both been in. You remember that day clearly – how there wasn’t any free airspace. There were fighters everywhere. According to the General, the ground was just as bad. Like all of his stories that involved war, Poe left out a lot of the deeper details out. Your children didn’t need to know anything about your lives yet. They understood that you and Poe were pilots. They knew who the General was – even though she was still Granma to them. To an extent, they knew what the First order was. You needed them to keep their childhood. You had none. It was ruined by war and fighting. Poe and you made that decision about them the second Caleb was born all of those years ago. Poe continued on with his story. He told them about how that battle ended. “Mama shot down the biggest TIE fighter,” he said. Technically, that’s true. His eyes eventually flickered over to you. You raised yoru eyebrow at him. “It was the best shot I’ve ever seen,” Poe continued, “There were dozens of TIE fighters after her. I couldn’t find her anywhere. When I finally saw her, she shot down the biggest TIE fighter with one blast.” Shara was looking up at Poe. Neither of your children had noticed you still. Poe smiled down at your daughter and pecked a kiss on her forehead. “I fell in love with her even more that day.” You laughed at the face Shara pulled. “Papa no!” Caleb whined and buried himself back under the covers. They were typical kids – grossed out by the fact that their parents were in love. Shara spotted you and held out her hands. You walked into the room and picked her up off of Poe’s lap. You smiled down at your husband. “I thought you loved me before that?” you asked. “You weren’t listening Mama,” Shara mumbled against your shoulder – she was slowly falling asleep, now that the stories had been told and the night was setting in. You bounced her lightly in your arms. “Papa said he loved you more .” You smiled down at Poe. “I suppose he did.” Shara was eventually put into bed. It took a while to unlink her arms from your shoulders, but you eventually got to kiss her forehead goodnight and tuck her in. Poe did the same with Caleb on the other side of the room, and you swapped. Caleb held out his arms and hugged you when you were close enough. “G’night pigeon,” you whispered as you pushed some of the long dark curls away from his head. Poe turned off the lights and you both walked out of the room and into the living room. You always kept the kids’ room door slightly open just in case they needed you during the night. You walked through the living room, dragging your feet slightly along the ground. You didn’t realise how tired you were until now. You rubbed your hand over your face and sighed when Poe’s arms came around your waist. You fell back against his chest and let him rock you gently. “It takes me downing a TIE fighter for you to realise you love me,” you said over your shoulder. Poe balked. “I said I loved you more !” You snorted. Turning around in his arms, you wrapped your arms around his shoulders. “If you’re going to play that game, Dameron,” you smiled coyly, “then I realised I loved you more when you made that shot against that Besalisk on Ojom.” “He was hitting on you in a cantina,” Poe retorted, “what else was I supposed to do?” “You shot him.” "What’s your point?” “I wouldn’t have actually gone for it, you know that right?” “I feel so much better.” You slapped his shoulder. Poe laughed and leaned down to press his lips against yours. It was a chaste kiss that quickly turned into something more heated. You pushed at his chest, breaking away from him. You heard mama be called from the kids’ room and you sighed through your nose. “Duty calls Commander,” Poe grinned at you, pecking a kiss to your lips. Notes: OSCAR'S FACE IN THAT FORCE FOR CHANGE THING THO? Chapter 63 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Starlight (Mature/Explicit (?) who knows?) Summary: WEDDING NIGHT BITCHES. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Yavin IV got more beautiful every time you visited it. The first time had been w a few weeks after you had started dating Poe. You met his father, a kind man with a million stories about the wars that had taken place before either you or Poe were born. He told you even more stories about Poe’s mother, a woman you fell in love with whenever a new story about her was told. By the time you had both arrived at the colony, it was getting late. Yavin IV was far removed from the systems, despite Poe flying his ship quickly to get there. As soon as you had stepped off of the ship, you breathed in the air. You had spent so long on a resistance base that it was strange breathing air that wasn’t carrying fumes of X-Wing engines. Poe followed you out onto the colony. The cabin was in front of you – a blend of wood, glass and metal that seemed to fit with the planet’s environment. You had been in a similar cabin before when you had visited Poe’s father. It wasn’t that different, but slightly smaller. Kes’ house was meant for a family, wherein this wasn’t. Poe took your hand in his. The metal bands around your ring fingers clicked slightly when your fingers interlinked with his. The nights on Yavin were cold, and you shivered slightly. “Come on,” Poe led you through the short pathway to the cabin and up onto the wooden porch. He insisted on carrying the bags, even though yours was light enough to carry. You were about to walk inside when Poe swept you up into his arms. Your arms went around his neck and you laughed in surprise. “What are you doing?” He raised an eyebrow at you. “Tradition,” he explained simply before walking you both through the door and into the house. You had forgone a lot of traditions. Your actual wedding was on the battlefield – in airspace, specifically – with you and Poe exchanging vows through commlinks. The General had to be transmission in to officiate it. As soon as you both had landed, she insisted on an actual wedding. Traditionally Naboo brides wore a white dress that was extravagant and showed off how well Naboo was doing as a colony of people. Yours was simple – ivory with gold accents, and had fitted you as well as you had hoped. Poe wore his uniform. That had been the only traditional thing about your wedding. It was something you never got tired of seeing – how well his uniform fitted him and how proudly he wore it. As soon as the ceremony had been over, you attended the party after. “Just to show our faces,” Poe had promised you with a chaste kiss on the lips. You both had stayed for two hours, drinking and laughing with your friends before you both took off for Yavin. Poe set you back down on your feet. Your bags dropped to his sides and we wrapped his arms around you. “Officially married,” he smiled brightly at you. The kind of smile you loved seeing – the one where the lines around his eyes would crinkle. You hummed. “We’ve technically been married for a week.” “You know the General doesn’t deal in technicalities.” “Especially when it came to us getting married,” you finished. Poe’s arms tightened around you slightly as he pulled you in for another kiss. It was a light peck that was slowly turning into something more heated with every second you spent pressed together in the middle of the cabin. You put your hands on Poe’s chest and pushed him away slightly. “I think we should go for a walk,” you smiled coyly at him. At his raised eyebrow you continued, “there’s still enough light outside to walk. We could run. I know you haven’t been doing as much cardio as you say you have, Dameron.” It was something that kept shocking you. Poe was strong . He effortlessly hoisted you up into his arms. Your own went around his neck. “Or,” he replied, “we could continue with wedding traditions?” It took all but a minute for Poe to carry you through the house, kick open the bedroom door and drop you onto the bed. Some clothes had come off during the trip. Your jackets were in the living room, your boots in the hallway. You were halfway through pulling your shirt over your head when Poe’s hands joined yours on the bottom of your shirt. “Let me,” he mumbled and lifted it over your head. He tossed it into a corner of the room and moved over you slightly. You lay back down on the bed – plush and soft with pillows and cotton sheets. You wrapped your arms loosely around Poe. His shirt was still on – the loose green one that you loved seeing him in. Overall, he was wearing too many clothes. You’ll deal with that problem later. “How long do we have for a honeymoon?” you mumbled before Poe kissed you deeply. He pulled away slightly. “A week max,” he replied. The General wanted you back as quickly as you could, but she also wanted you both to have a proper honeymoon. After you had exchanged vows through the comms, your honeymoon had been flying out that night to deal with a rogue TIE fighter flying in Resistance airspace. You needed time alone. You slipped your hands down Poe’s shoulders and to the front of his shirt. As quickly as you could manage, what with Poe dotting kisses to your neck, you undid the ties. “You need to take your clothes off,” you said, already reaching for the bottom of Poe’s shirt. Poe sniggered. “Yes Commander,” he said, pulling off his shirt and tossing it in the same direction as yours had moments ago. Your hands wandered down to his belt. “Poe Dameron,” you said slowly, “if you don’t get out of those clothes within the next few seconds, they’re being ripped off.” It’s different now. Maybe it was because of the wedding bands on your fingers. Maybe it was because you two were alone. You didn’t care. Once Poe had his clothes off, you had pushed gently at his shoulder. You swung a leg over his lap and wrapped your arms loosely around his neck. Poe’s hands went to your hips. The thing about making love to Poe is that he can make it so damn slow. It feels like you’ve been at it for hours. You knew Poe had the endurance to draw it out for an age. You hated and loved it about him. He could drive you mad with pleasure, but never regret it. You let out a low moan when Poe’s hands on your hips helped you move against him. “You’re beautiful,” Poe sighed. His voice sounded even more wrecked than yours. You ran your fingers through his hair, playing with the curls at the back of his head as you both moved slowly with each other. You both knew each other’s bodies so well. Poe knew exactly what to do to drive you mad. Poe kissed your cheek and started thrusting up into you. You moaned agin, gripping his hair a bit tighter. “Poe-” “-You’re not leaving this bed,” Poe breathed against your cheek. One of your hands dropped down to his back. Your nails scraped lightly against his flesh. “We finally have some time alone – fuck .” Poe dropped his head onto your shoulder. You began to move your hips faster. The slow build up had been niggling away at you for what seemed to be hours – you needed release now. One of Poe’s arms went around your back, and with a quick movement, you were on your back on the bed with Poe looming over you. You moaned helplessly at the change in positions and let your feet lock around his lower back, helping him drive into you a bit quicker and harder. You gasped when Poe managed to hit that spot inside of you. “Poe, please.” He grabbed one of your hands and pinned it to the bed beside you. The other one you had in his hair, pulling at the strands. You knew it drove him crazy. Something was in his eyes as he watched you underneath him. “I’m yours,” he breathed out. With every passing moment, with every thrust of his hips, his voice wavered more and more, “you’re mine.” You gasped as Poe repeatedly hit that spot over and over again. The edges of your vision blurred slightly, and everything exploded into brilliant white light when one of Poe’s hands went down to rub at your core. As the world slowly came back to you, you turned your head and rubbed your nose into Poe’s cheek. His hips sped up. “Come for me, husband,” you breathed against his cheek. That was what did it. “Fuck-” Poe cuts off, voice cracking as he found release, emptying himself inside of you. Poe slumped to the side of you. Your chest heaved with every breath you took. Everything was silent except for the sounds of your mixed breathing. Poe peppered kisses up and down your neck. He eventually rolled off of you and fell down on to his back beside you. Your lips curled into a smile. “Husband,” you said, taking his hand in yours. Poe laughed breathlessly. “Wife.” You eventually found the strength to crawl over to his side. With his arms around you, and a constant steady heartbeat sounding from his chest, your eyelids slipped shut as you slowly fell asleep. “You were serious about that not leaving the bed thing?” You smiled into the pillow as you felt Poe’s weight above you. He was trailing kisses across your shoulders and down your bared back. He hummed. “I keep my promises,” he paused to rub his nose against the crook of your neck. You sighed happily and buried your face into the pillow. With Poe slightly above you, the sheets were off of your bared back. You looked over your shoulder at him. “I’ll hold you to it, husband.” Something flashed in his eyes – something behind the warm brown irises that you loved so much. “No fear, wife,” he said lowly. You slowly turned onto your back underneath him and let your legs bracket his hips. He leaned down and kissed your cheek, breathing into your ear, “I’ll make sure that, by the time we’re done, you won’t be able to walk.” Notes: I'll do more smut. This isn't my finest work, and it's purely because of tiredness (mental and physical health...they aren't good right now), so I'll probably return to this. Chapter 64 : Poe Dameron/Reader + Kylo Ren (Ben)&Reader - Starlight (General Rating) Summary: Lovely Nonnie requested this on tumblr! "The resistance has managed to convert Ben back to the light. Poe and the reader are in a relationship, but he notices Ben checking the reader out and the other pilots gotta hold him back so he doesn't kill the general's son." Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There was something that a lot of people on D’Qar didn’t seem to know about you. True, some were new recruits, or hadn’t had lived on the planet for as long as you had. But you knew from living on a militant base – rumours and gossip spread like wildfire. Poe and you had always been close. He came to the base when he was sixteen, and you were already there as the General’s adopted daughter after the death of your parents. That’s what people knew. What they didn’t know was that you had known Poe before he came to the base. His mother would visit the General every year, bringing her husband and son with her. You didn’t realise it, but the shy curly-haired kid that always seemed to be by his mother’s side would grow up to be your boyfriend. You would fly together as commanders in the General’s army. You and Poe both knew Kylo Ren before he was Kylo Ren. You remember him as clear as day – long dark hair that always seemed to fall over his eyes, his tall and lean frame that was surprisingly strong. You remember chasing each other through the base, blind to what was really going on in front of you. Your parents were fighting a war, and you spent your days chasing each other through the forests and hills of D’Qar. Poe joined in on your games. Shara would begrudgingly let him go whenever she would have to talk to the General. You remember her eyes softening when she saw how close you and Poe had become. If you listened hard enough, you could still hear your laughter carrying itself through the wind that blew through the forests. By the lake, you could still see you, Ben and Poe trying to throw each other into the crystal blue water, eventually giving up and jumping in all together. Poe was back on Yavin IV with his father when Ben left with his uncle. Poe’s mother had died – you remember something in his eyes dying along with her. You couldn’t follow him to Yavin IV, but whenever he visited, you were by his side and refused to be separated until he had to leave with his father. You were alone when Ben was leaving. He had hugged you so tightly; you thought your bones would break. You didn’t care. “I’ll be home before you know it,” he had promised you. The next time you saw Ben Solo was as Kylo Ren, when Poe had told you that he had set a village on Jakku ablaze. You were the one to bring Ben home. A lot of people, well-meaning people, commented on how their commander was bringing Kylo Ren to the Resistance’s base. You always shut them up by saying you were bringing Ben Solo back to his mother. No one ever said anything after that. Something was still in his eyes, some lingering darkness that was slowly ebbing away and making way for light. You could see it. It was something you just had to brush off. Ben was already back – he proved that to you when he threw his lightsabre into a crevasse on Starkiller. You led him to the General. She was surrounded by her counsellors, all who left when you and Ben stepped inside the room. As they filed out one by one, you joined them. Although you had spent your childhood with the General and Ben, you just didn’t feel right being with them in that moment. The door hissed shut behind you and you were left alone in the hallway. Some of the counsellors looked over their shoulders to you. Others invited you to join them for lunch. You stayed in the hallway, with your back pressed to the wall, and waited for the door to open again. Ben stuck by your side for the next few days. You understood why. Although you had made idle threats to anyone who would, there were a few people who would comment under their breath that Kylo Ren was on the base. You understood it – kind of. The First Order had killed a lot of people – brothers, sisters, fathers, mothers of some of the people here. What you made clear to them was that the First Order and Snoke did that, not Ben. And Ben was here now. Not Kylo Ren. “I don’t like it,” Poe said one day. Snap looked over his shoulder at the commander and turned back to working on the hull of his X-Wing. “What is it?” Poe stepped away from his X-Wing, arms folded over his chest. He was watching both her and Ben together on the other side of the hangar. It wasn’t Ben, he tried to convince himself. It was what Ben was doing. He supposed, in some way, this would eventually happen. It’s what usually happened to people who grew up closely together. The fact was that she was his. Snap turned around again and spotted where Poe was looking. “If you want it to stop, then go over there and say something,” Snap sighed. Poe looked between his friend and the sight at the other side of the hangar. He huffed a sigh and turned back to his mechanic cart. You looked down at Ben. He was holding out the hydrogen welder to you. “Thank you Ben,” you smiled at him. He had brightened up in the last few days, finally coming out of that darkness he had been stuck in for all of those years. You had seen it leave him. His eyes were a bit brighter, his smile was a bit more genuine. Ben looked at what you were working on. It was repairs mostly – a rogue cargo carrier had managed to get a good shot on you while out on a recon mission a few days ago. Most of the damage was fixed, but you still needed to rewire some things that had been severed. You turned back to welding together the last few wires. “What are you doing later?” Ben asked you. You shrugged. “Nothing, I guess,” you replied. You and Poe did have plans to go to the cantina for an hour or two to relax for a bit, but he had an errand to go on. That left you alone. “I’ll kill him.” “I’m sure you will.” “I’m serious Pava.” “How did that work out for you last time?” There was a pause. “You got captured, that’s what.” “Don’t sulk,” Karé scorned when she saw the frown Poe was sporting the next day, “it’s not attractive.” She looked over to where Poe was looking and threw her hands up. “It’s clearly bothering you!” she sighed, “Go over there and stake your claim!” Poe threw a wrench down onto the cart beside his X-Wing and started walking away from his machine. Snap sighed heavily from his workstation. He reached out blindly and managed to catch Poe’s arm in a tight grip. “Please don’t kill the General’s son.” Ben was standing on the ground looking up at you. Sitting on the hull of your ship, you called down to him for tools and parts. He knew his way around engineering. Everything you asked for was handed to you without hesitation. You liked working with Ben. You liked having him close to you. There were a few reasons, but mainly to sprung up in your mind. Ben was your friend. He wasn’t Kylo Ren anymore. The First Order had no claim on him now that he was back with his mother and you. Every time you saw the General throughout the day, she seemed a bit more cheerful. It was something that was missed. She had lost too much. A son wasn’t going to be on that list. The second reason was a bit more selfish. You liked protecting him. You have memories of him protecting you from imaginary monsters you had both made up, or the one time that he stayed with you during a particularly bad thunderstorm. Now it was your chance to protect him. When you were finished with repairs, and confident that your X-Wing was looking better than ever, you swung your leg over the hull and slid down to the steps of the ladder. “Please be careful,” Ben smirked. You rolled your eyes at him as you got a foothold on the ladder. “I’m always careful,” you replied, taking the first step down. When your foot went for the other step, the heel of your boot didn’t catch the step, slipping off of the step completely. It wasn’t a high drop, but big enough that your heart stopped in your chest as you were pulled down to the ground. Two arms caught you. You looked up at Ben’s smirk. “Not a word,” you frowned. He set you down on the ground and laughed. “Your version of careful must be different to mine,” he said. With your feet back firmly on the ground you stepped out of Ben’s hold on you. You caught Poe’s gaze as you and Ben started walking out of the hangar. “Are you jealous of Ben?” Poe’s body stiffened. Lying together in bed, it was one of the times you and Poe could spend together. Most of it was spent talking to each other, working through problems either of you had or how your days had been. His fingers stopped combing through your hair. You looked up at him. “Are you?” you raised an eyebrow. You rested your chin on Poe’s chest. The corner of his mouth was pulled downwards. He was wearing that frown he wore only when something really bothered him. Poe Dameron had the worst poker face you had ever seen. “You know it’s just you, right?” you said slowly, trying to make him hear and take in the words. You cupped his cheek in your palm, smiling slightly when he leaned into the touch. “I’m yours, you’re mine. That’s it. There’s no one else.” There was a pause before Poe said, “does he know that?” You sighed heavily. “I’ll tell him.” “Doesn’t he already know?” You would be amazed if he didn’t. Your relationship with Poe wasn’t exactly hidden away from prying eyes. Everyone knew you were dating. People who had only been on the base for a few days even knew. That’s what it was like living on a base like D’Qar. Word spread quickly and it stuck like glue. You trailed your fingers over his cheek, catching his chin between your index and your thumb. “I’ll deal with it,” you said quietly. When you found Ben the next day, it was by the lake you used to go to when you were kids. You slowly walked out on to the grass-bank by the lake. Ben was looking out over the water, watching the golden whisper birds skirt along the water’s surface and glide up into the sky. This was your favourite place in the galaxy. You had grown up here – watched how the lake slowly got bigger and bigger with every rain season, how the grass changed colour with the trees when the seasons changed, when the whisper birds would leave for the winter and return for the spring. Ben looked over his shoulder. “I heard you thinking,” he said when you raised your eyebrow. “I thought you promised me never to read my thoughts?” “You were broadcasting,” he replied. “I would never go into your mind like that.” You stood next to him. “I know,” you said as you wrapped your arms around yourself. The wind was cool enough that it was welcomed against the D’Qar heat. The whisper birds’ songs echoed over the lake, bouncing off trees and carrying over the water, and then bouncing back again. “I want to tell you something,” you managed to get out. On the walk to the lake, you had been planning what you were going to say and how you were going to say it. It consumed you so much that you hardly noticed how long the walk took from the base, through the forest, and then to the clearing. Ben stuffed his hands into his jacket pockets. “If it’s that you’re with Poe,” he said quietly, “I know.” You looked up at him. “I see the way he looks at you,” Ben explained, “especially when I’m around.” “It’s not you-” “-It is, though,” Ben cut you off. He stared out onto the water, his body slightly tense. “I should have asked.” “It’s not like we did anything,” you offered, “it would be a completely different story if we had tried to do something.” For a while, neither of you spoke. Being with him by the lake reminded you of when you were younglings, when everything was simpler before things started to change. Ben eventually looked over at you. “I’m happy for you,” he said lowly, “you and Poe, I mean. If it had to be anyone, I’m glad it’s him. You’re happy.” “I am,” you assured him. It was a rare moment where all three of you seemed to be happy. So much darkness had worked its way, not only into Ben, but into you and Poe too. “I’m glad you’re happy,” Ben nodded, “you’ve been through a lot.” “We both have,” you smiled sadly at him. Notes: Prompts and requests are gladly taken my lovelies! Get them in if you have them! I'm working on a Jealous!Poe thing because of one gif I saw of Oscar Isaac...It's in progress. Chapter 65 : Poe Dameron/Reader + Poe&Reader&BB-8 - Siblings (General Rating) Summary: Poe has to give BB-8 the "sibling talk". Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Everyone took your pregnancy announcement well. Well, no. Most people did. Poe was currently talking with the one that was having trouble taking on the news – BB-8. You shouldn’t be smiling, or laughing to yourself, but you had to admit that it was an odd sight. You remembered having talks with your parents like the one Poe was currently giving the droid. When you were a small child, and your mother was pregnant with your next sibling. You had seen a lot of strange things in your life. None amounted to having the “soon-to-be-sibling-talk” with a droid. “Do you understand what I’m trying to say, 8?” You watch the conversation from the door to your quarters. Poe’s sitting on the edge of your bed, with BB-8 in front of him. His charging unit is to the corner of your room. Poe always liked having the droid close. 8 is a point of contact between the General and him. The droid’s head hangs for a moment before he chirps. You had a basic understanding of binary, but you could pick up on the slight whine he gives. “You’re just as important to me buddy!” Poe tries again. A small smile tugs at your lips. “I just want you to understand that, when the baby is born, you’re going to have to share me with someone else.” You remember Poe having a similar conversation with BB-8 when you and Poe got into a relationship. The droid adored you, according to Poe. 8 didn’t mind sharing Poe with you. But now that a baby was involved… Poe sighs and puts a hand on the droid’s head. He pats the dome. You push away from the doorway and stride into the room. 8 chirps at you when they see you coming. “We both love you very much 8,” you repeated what Poe had been saying for the better half of an hour. You sat down on the bed beside Poe and took his hand in yours. Looking at the droid, you smiled as they tilted their head. “You understand how you share Poe with me, right?” The droid chirps a yes . You squeezed Poe’s hand. “Well, when the baby comes, it’ll be similar.” The droid looks at your joined hands and then up to Poe. “Do you understand, buddy?” Poe asks. The droid chirps a yes again. Poe pecks a kiss to your cheek before standing up. “Alright, let’s get you charging.” The droid rolls over to his charging station. You watch Poe hook up 8 and make sure he powers down for the night. You still smile at the little droid. “He’s just the cutest thing,” you say. Poe looks over his shoulder and flashes a grin at you. Once he’s happy that 8 is asleep for the night, he walks back over to you on the bed. He kneels down on the floor in front of you. You smile down at Poe, giggling slightly when one of his hands slip under your nightshirt and goes for your abdomen. You aren’t showing yet. Only a selected number of people know – the General, Poe’s pilots, your pilots, and now BB-8. You look over at the little droid. “I know it’s a joke – people saying that you’re their dad,” you looked over to Poe, “but where along the line did it become an actual thing?” Poe laughs. He stands up and you both shuffle back onto the bed. “I don’t know,” he mumbles, letting you cuddle into his side. You pillow your head on his shoulder and sigh happily. “Silly little droid,” you mumble, “they’ll be a great sibling.” Notes: I would like to say a f**k you to my friend Ella who prompted me this. It's ridiculous. Yet it's adorable. I've never been more confused in my life. Comments and kudos welcomed, and any prompts you might want done up, then drop by my tumblr :) Chapter 66 : Kylo Ren & Daughter - Shadows (General Rating) Summary: Kylo Ren's daughter has a nightmare. He helps her through it. Notes: Replace the baby with a 5/6 year old and there we go: Mala. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Mala comes running into their quarters one night, a blanket wrapped tightly around her tiny body and her plush bantha toy in her arms. Kylo is the one to joist her up on to the bed. Her chubby face is wet with tears, and she hiccups with every sob. “Did you have a bad dream, sweetling?” Kylo asked quietly, looking to his wife on the other side of the bed. The past few days had been tough. They needed to get that droid back. Mala nodded and wrapped her arms tightly around her father. “It was r-really scary,” she whimpered. He pulls her tighter against his chest, rocking her slightly. Her voice still wavers. “I-I know you said K-Knights had to be brave-” He hushes her. He has said those things. He’s said a lot of things to his daughter. Things that his wife admonishes him for saying. Mala shoves her face into his shoulder. “You are brave, sweetling,” he assures her. His wife is still asleep. Her back is turned to him, with the sheets just low enough to show her bare shoulder. “I have nightmares too,” he tells Mala. The little girl in his arms stops hiccupping for a minute and looks up at him. He wipes a tear away with his finger. “Adults get scared too, you know.” His daughter sucks in a shaky breath. “Y-You do?” He nods. “I get scared, sweetling. I understand what you’re going through,” he rubs small circles into her back. With her blanket and bantha toy, she had everything she needs to fall asleep. Kylo’s sure his wife wouldn’t object to having their daughter sleep between them tonight. Mala rubs her eyes, wiping away the tears that are still streaming down her face. Looking down at her, all he sees is a scared little girl. He already knows about Hux’s plans to make her into a First Order officer. He knows about his Knights’ plans to turn her into one of them. But all she is, all she’ll ever be in his eyes, is his little girl. She has the same dark hair, the same big dark eyes, but her mother’s features. He rocks her gently in his arms. “I’ll tell you a secret,” he whispers. She perks up slightly. “I get scared a lot. I have nightmares, like you, and they scare me.” “H-How do you deal with them?” she whispers back. Her eyes are red, and he takes on of her closed fists in his hand. “They’re really scary Daddy.” “I know, sweetling,” he shushes her, “that’s my secret: but you need to promise not to tell anyone, okay?” She nods. “Find someone to help you,” he tells her simply. She’s too young for him to tell her the real reason. That would require the Force in her system to manifest. That would require her to understand how the world works, and it’s just a too dark of a place for him to subject her too it. Not just yet, anyway. Mala frowns slightly. “When I get scared, your Mommy helps me deal with it,” he says. Looking over to her, she’s still sleeping. Mala’s frown deepens slightly. “Like when you and Mommy chase away the monsters in my room?” Their night-time routine of checking every corner of Mala’s room before she can go to sleep. He nods. “Just like that.” She seems to consider it and think it over for a minute before she nods. “I get it.” He glances at the holoclock on the other side of the room. He’ll have to go to a meeting with Hux in two hours. Over the course of him talking to her, he’s noticed that Mala is getting heavier and heavier in his arms. When he looks at her again, he smiles slightly when her eyes are slipping shut. She’s trying to keep them open, but she eventually yawns. “Come on sweetling,” he says, holding her in one arm while shifting the sheets around with the other. “You can stay here.” That’s when his wife wakes up. She looks over her shoulder to Kylo and Mara. “Its okay, Mommy,” Mala whispers, settling into the space between her parents. “Daddy helped.” His wife looks up to him and arches an eyebrow. I’ll explain later , he sends into her mind. She nods and turns on to her other side, this time facing her husband and daughter. Combing her fingers through Mala’s hair, the girl falls asleep within minutes with Kylo promising to chase away any monsters that might come while she’s asleep. We’ll be your protectors, sweetling , he sends to his daughter’s dreams. She doesn’t have the power to use the Force yet, but he knows that she can hear him. She’s often heard conversations he’s had with her mother. She hears what he sends to her through dreams. “The world is a scary place,” his wife suddenly says. Kylo looks over to her. “I heard what you were saying to her.” She bites the inside of her cheek. “I know that you worry for her,” she continues, “for both of us.” “It’s my job to worry about you,” he replies, reaching out to trace his fingers along her jaw. “I don’t think that will ever stop.” Her eyes are soft. “I know,” she places her hand over his and interlinks their fingers. Mala shifts between them. She tugs her blanket and bantha toy closer to herself and curls more into her father’s side. Kylo stares at her for a moment. “Sleep, love,” his wife tells him. She’s already fallen back on to her pillow, tugging the blankets a bit tighter around herself. Kylo stays sitting up against the headboard. “I’ll need to get up in a while,” he says. He had two hours, but he would rather stay awake and watch the scene in front of him. His wife nods, yawns and falls back to sleep with a slight smile on her face. Their room is silent for a minute, with the only noise being the occasional march of Troopers outside or the hum of the ship’s engines that echoes around the ship’s rooms. “Thank you for protecting me,” he says into the room. His wife is too far into sleep to hear him. Maybe some part of her dreams will pick it up, but he doubts it. He lets the words linger in the air before looking down to his daughter. “I swear, as long as I’m alive, I’ll protect you.” Notes: AGAIN ELLA WITH THE DAMN CUTENESS. Blame her for all of this madness. I couldn't end it properly so I just...ended it? Tumblr inbox is always open, my dears! Chapter 67 : Kylo Ren/Reader - The Roaring Twenties (Teenage Rating) Summary: (A Very Late!) Prompt fill from a lovely Tumblr Anon: They wanted a mafia!style Kylo, Hux, Phasma, and Reader. Here it is! Notes: I couldn't write any of my novel for the past few weeks, so I moved on to something else. I'm a history student, and the 1920s is one of my favourite historical periods to study. I was writing a story about that, then couldn't write about anything else :L (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You watch your husband from the couch. He’s pacing around your living room with his fingers gripping at his hair. One of these days he’s going to rip some of it out. Looking over to Phasma sitting on the other end of the couch, she looks even more distressed than your husband. Hux, sitting on a settee on the other end of the room is looking out of your living room window, looking even more constipated than usual. “I want their names,” Kylo says suddenly. He stands in front of the fireplace and rests his arm on the mantle. He keeps one hand scrubbing over his face. You want to stand up from the couch and walk over to him, wrap your arms around him and tell him that it’s fine. It’s anything but fine, but you’ll lie to him just to make him calm again. Hux sighs from the other end of the room. “We don’t have their names-” “-Get them for me then,” Kylo says dangerously lowly. He doesn’t look at any of you, but the fire lighting in the fireplace. Phasma shifts in her seat, her grey coloured suit still dappled with crimson red blood. Her short hair is messed up and strands are still thrown across her face. She looks over to you. I’m sorry , is what she’s thinking. You don’t have to have her say it. You nod silently. “How does this happen?” Kylo asks. No one answers. “How is it possible that the police just suddenly learn of cargo shipments into the harbour, when we’ve been going unnoticed for years?” No one in the room makes a sound. You stand up from the couch and walk over to him. As tall and intimidating as he can be, you don’t fear him in the slightest. You’re probably the only person in New York City not to fear him. “We’ll fix this,” you assure him. You reach out to rub your hands over his chest, trailing them up until your arms wrap loosely around his neck. You can hear his breathing change. “Get out,” you say. Phasma and Hux perk up. You turn to look at them, and they’re out of their chairs before you can order them again. When the door to your living room clicks shut, you turn to your husband. “We’ll fix this,” you assure him again. His eyes are somewhat distant, as if he’s thinking about something else. He’s probably trying to figure this out on his own. Eventually, after a silent moment between the two of you, his hands go to your lower back, skimming lightly over the fabric of your flapper. “How?” he rasps. “The shipments are gone.” Your press your hands back to his chest. “Leave it to me,” you tell him, looking up into his dark eyes. He nods. There were days you wanted to throw Hux off of the highest bridge you could find. But every once in a while, he would do something that just erased most of the hatred you felt for the man. You smirked up at him when he threw a heavy paper-laden file down on your desk. “Everything I could find,” he tells you before taking a seat on the other side of your desk. Your office is too far removed from the main floor for any wandering eyes to see you. You pull apart the file – photos of the precinct, who’s in charge. You snicker when you notice Hux has managed to snap a few photos of the detectives’ families. “This is good,” you breathe as you take in the photos. Flicking through them, you look up to Hux. “This is very good.” He’s looking at you levelly. “What are you planning?” You stuff the photos back into the file and drop it into your bag beside your desk. “That’s none of your concern,” you wave you hand, “not yet anyway.” Hux raises an eyebrow, but doesn’t retort. When he leaves, you recline into your chair. The pointless office job you work now is only a cover. More than that, it’s a distraction. You’re caught in the middle – turning a blind eye to what it is your husband does, and helping him when it gets a bit too much. You look down to your bag. The edge of the file is sticking out. You smile down at it. You and Phasma are across the street when the sirens sound. You don’t even flinch when the flames burst out of the precinct’s windows, billowing out into the street. People scamper back, screaming and yelling, and running nowhere in particular. Phasma tilts her hat down, covering her eyes. “Think they got the message?” you smirk up at her. Under the rim of her hat, you can see the corners of her lips pull up into a smirk. Hux watches you from across the ballroom. With the precinct up in flames and the police scattered, they don’t have time to think about checking places like this for alcohol or parties. It leaves you and your husband’s clientele to do what they couldn’t do without constantly looking over their shoulders. Your eyes meet Hux’s. His frown deepens when you smirk at him. You raise your glass and down another French 75 cocktail. There are two hands suddenly on your hips. “People are telling me that the fire in the detective’s office is only out now,” you hear Kylo’s voice purr behind you. You don’t have to look over your shoulder to know that he was smiling. It was a rare sight to see him smiling. You lean back until your back was pressed against your husband’s chest. “Is it a problem?” you inquired. Kylo’s lips were suddenly pressed to your neck and you let out a slow breath. “Not at all,” he mumbles against your skin, “I’m rather impressed.” You hum. Meeting Hux’s eyes across the ballroom, he turns away to stalk around the edge of the room. You gasp as Kylo’s lips trailed down to your lower neck, nipping the skin there lightly. “Someone will see,” you try to admonish him, but you find yourself only grabbing his hand that comes to your stomach. “Let them see,” Kylo mumbles against your skin. “Let them see how brilliant you are.” You turn around to face your husband. “Don’t you forget it, darling,” you say lowly. Even hidden to the side of the ballroom, with the attention of people being taken up by the dancing and alcohol, you still tried to push Kylo away. “Later,” you promise him. Something flashes behind his eyes. He captures your lips in his, pulling away with a nip to your bottom lip. “Later,” he replies. Someone calls him and his eyes flicker over your shoulder. He sighs. “Go,” you put on the smile you need to wear for these occasions. Kylo takes your hand in his, and leads you through the crowd. Letting your dress flow behind you, you walked tall with your husband through the party, smirking broadly when they parted easily for you. Notes: I'm going to do one with Poe/Reader(/Finn (maybe?)) because I can. Concept for Kylo + Reader's outfits: Chapter 68 : Kylo Ren/Reader - Again Part 1 (General Rating) Summary: A prompt from a lovely Anon on Tumblr! Specific Prompt: "How about a story in which Kylo trains the Reader to be a Knight of Ren? He sees strong potential, and he does not want it wasted. I'm sure he would be a harsh mentor, but he's genuinely pleased if he sees someone prove themselves. And I have a headcanon that Kylo trained each Knight personally. There were 6 other Knights shown for a brief moment in The Force Awakens- they could be anybody- but what's certain is that they're badass. I hope we find out more about the group in the sequels." Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You were slowly beginning to think that he was getting some sick satisfaction out of this. “Again.” If he said that word again, so help you Maker you were going to ram the sparring spear down his throat. The movements came easy to you. You watched others do it, and followed their lead. The only difference between you and the others was that when you watched them move, you weren’t just looking for what to do, but you were looking for weaknesses. For example, you knew that Hari favoured his right leg. With a simple strike to his calf, the leg was pulled from underneath him, and you threw him to the floor. Kylo wanted you to do it again. You knew that Elaria was emotional when she fought. You consistently riled her up just to make her movements unnatural. She swung too heavily and threw her own body around, just enough for you to catch her legs in your sparring pole and catch her off balance. She fell to the floor within a minute. Kylo wanted you to do it again. Yori. Yori was just a lunatic. He was the one that gave you the most grief. He had landed strikes on you, smirking when something flashed behind your eyes. It didn’t matter that you had put all of your strength behind a swing to Yori’s face. It didn’t matter that you heard bones cracking. Kylo wanted you to do it again. Eventually, you ran out of Knights. Some were dragged to medical. Others shuffled there themselves. Eventually six became none, and you stood in the middle of the training room alone, with Kylo standing to the side of the room. He hasn’t moved. His hands are behind his back, his face is just unreadable. He might as well have that damn mask on. You twirl the spear in your hand. “Do you have any more for me, my Lord?” Something changes in his expression. His jaw tightens slightly, his eyes leave yours and trail up and down your body. “You’re dismissed,” he says plainly before turning on his heels and leaving the training room. It’s a week later when it happens again. “Again.” “Again.” “Again.” You put all of your strength into a swing at Kael’s side. The spear vibrates in your hands as it collides with Kael’s armour. He falls down onto his knee and holds his side. “Bloody hell!-” “-That’s enough,” Kylo says lowly. Kael’s mouth snaps shut, but he gives you a long hard stare before attempting to get to his feet. He staggers slightly, wincing at the pain that must be coursing through his side. You look up to Kylo. He’s watching you again. You twirl the spear in your hand before hitting Kael’s shoulder, flipping him backwards. He lands on the mats with a thud and a choked off cry. You look up to Kylo again. “Any more, my Lord?” Nothing changes. “No.” When you walk back into the training room a week after that, you pause at the door when you see only Kylo standing there. You look around the room and frown. “What’s this?” Kylo has two sparring spears in his hand. He tosses one to you and you easily catch it. “Further training,” he explains simply. Further training turns out to be you finding out Kylo is a lot stronger than you gave him credit for. Brute strength doesn’t mean anything in a fight. Not the way the Knights fight, anyway. But Kylo has it. He knows how to use it, and that’s why you keep finding yourself on the padded floor. When you hit the ground again, you roll quickly over to avoid a strike that Kylo brings down on to the ground. Then Kylo stops. You don’t let up the stance you have fallen into. Your grip on the spear is firm, and you watch im carefully. “What are you learning from these sessions?” he asks you slowly. You frown. “Excuse me?” “What are you learning when you fight against the other Knights?” he repeats. There’s a pause. “When you fight me?” You think about it for a moment. “I’m strong.” Kylo’s eyes narrow. That’s the wrong answer. “I’m stronger than they think I am,” you try again. He sighs through his nose. Wrong again. You think about it for a moment. If he’s letting you have time to think about it, you’re going to use it. “I’m stronger that I think I am?” “Yes,” Kylo breathes out the word. He walks forward towards you. “ You’re stronger that you think you are.” He reaches out and takes the spear from you. His gaze looks over your body. Dressed in training gear, you don’t look as intimidating as he does in his black robes. He’s suddenly raisin his hand. For a moment, you flinch. His fingers trail over your jaw. They run down until Kylo can put his hand on the back of your neck. His skin is warm and you try to stop a shiver that threatens to run through your body. Kylo rubs his thumb gently over your pulse point. “My Lord,” you breathe. His hand goes all the way back to your hair, and he grabs a few strands of it in his hand. He pulls your head back. It’s not painful, but it’s not gentle either. Your neck cranes back to look up at him. “I’m going to be training you personally from now on,” Kylo says. His eyes leave yours for a moment, and flicker down to your lips. “I expect you to be here on time.” You smirk. “Of course, my Lord.” Notes: Tumblr inbox is dangerously low on prompts, dears! I have a few left, and because of my other projects+work, I'll try to get to them as quickly as I can. But keep suggestions coming in!! Chapter 69 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Wedding (General Rating) Summary: vanitazz on Tumblr requested the Reader and Poe's Wedding, so here it is! They would use any occasion as an excuse to party. The pilots, the mechanics, the medics, the counsellors to the General – they all looked for something to celebrate in order to lift morale. It was a good strategy. People tended to forget about a war when they’re drinking or dancing or laughing, sometimes doing all three. You were in the General’s quarters getting ready. It was a Naboo tradition for the groom not to see the bride until she was walking down the aisle. “He’s already seen plenty of me,” you smirked. It was worth the eyebrow the General arched at you. She tied up the last few strands of your hair, pulling it all away from your face. She put her hands on your shoulders – bare as your dress still hung on the other end of the room. “You’re beautiful,” she sighed, looking at you in the mirror. You smiled and placed one of your hands on top of hers. “Because of you.” She went to fetch your dress – again, traditional to Naboo, it was cream and gold. It wasn’t anything ornate or dramatic, but fitted your body well and pooled at your feet. Leia helped you into it, zipping up the back. “You know,” she sighed, “I always imagined you getting married to one of them.” You looked over your shoulder. “What?” She smiled sadly at you. “Nothing dear,” she waved her hand, “just an old woman talking to herself.” The walk to the main assembly hall was eerily quiet. You knew everyone was already gathered in the hall and out onto the landing strip, as the place just wasn’t big enough to hold everyone. Still, you expected a pilot to rush past you, or a medic to almost throw you out of the way to respond to a call. The walk there was a chance for you to hold onto the General like your life depended on it. “He loves you,” she said softly, “I don’t think I’ve seen either of you shine brighter than when you’re both together.” “You’re going to make me cry,” you laughed, but the sting of tears threatened to spill. She patted your hand. “I’ve watched you grow up. You went from a little girl to a beautiful young woman so quickly; I don’t know whether I’m proud or afraid.” You held onto her hand tightly. You were a corridor away from the hall, and already you could see a few people gathered outside. Some looked over to you and gave you a bright smile. “I wish for you to be happy,” the General said. Looking over, you could see that she was looking straight at you. “That’s the only thing I want – for you to be truly happy.” You sniffed. “Okay, you’re going to make me cry now.” You both smiled brightly, and the General wiped one stray tear from your eyes. “Come on,” she lead you through the people gathered outside of the Poe’s eyes met yours. You drew in a breath when you saw him. He was dressed in his uniform – something you never got tired of him wearing – with Finn by his side. You saw the other man nudge him with his elbow and say something into Poe’s ear. “You’re beautiful,” he breathed. You smiled. “You’re not bad looking yourself, Commander.” Poe took your hand in his and you both turned to the General. She was your mother, but also had the power to officiate the wedding. The room went quiet as she cleared her throat. Her words seemed to slowly fade out. You and Poe kept looking at each other, smiling broadly like idiots, and giggling when you were looking at each other for too long. When the vows came, you were surprised that your voice managed to hold out. “You’re my Light – what leads me out of the dark when it starts to get too much. I knew there was something between us when you first looked my way during that party three years ago. We’ve been through a lot, you and I. More than anyone I think even understands-” You saw Snap and Jess lower their heads slightly. They knew what you meant. “-but I want to be by your side for as long as possible. That’s where I belong. Right there beside you.” Poe’s hand tightened in yours. “I love you with everything I have. If you wanted the galaxy, I would give it to you. I promise that, no matter where I go, I’ll always find my way back to you. When you look up into the sky, know that I’m looking right back.” You swallowed a lump that had been forming in your throat. Screw Dameron and his ability to make you cry with words. The General waved her hand for the rings, and you couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled out of you when BB-8 rolled over. Poe crouched down and took the rings from the droid. “Thanks buddy,” he patted the droid’s head and held your hands again. You both agreed that your rings were to be nothing flashy. It was a simple Yavin-gold band with inscriptions on the inside. Poe slipped your ring onto your finger first. “With this ring, I promise that whatever vows I have made, I will keep them. With every breath my body holds, with every pump of life my heart makes. I promise that I’ll keep those vows.” You couldn’t stop smiling through the entire thing. You knew he would. When Poe made promises, he kept them. You said the same words back to him, sliding his ring on his finger. Your hands shook slightly, but once the ring was on, he took your hands in his and rubbed his thumb over your knuckles. It all faded out for you again – what the General was saying. “By the power of the Old Republic, I declare you both married.” She turned to Poe. “Mr Dameron, you may now kiss your wife.” You grabbed the two lapels of his uniform jacket and pulled him in for a kiss. You heard the pilots whoop as the crowd cheered and applauded. Poe wrapped his arms around your waist and brought you in closer to his chest. When you parted, Poe touched your forehead with his. “I love you.” “I love you more, idiot,” you grinned back at him. You lay awake that night, both of you did. Your back was pressed against Poe’s chest, his arms encircled around you. One of your hands was in his, your fingers entwined together. The gold bands of your rings glinted in the light of the holoclock on the other wall. “Mrs Dameron,” you mused. Poe hummed against the back of your neck. You looked over your shoulder, and snickered when you saw that his eyes were closed. “Have I worn you out, Commander?” He nodded against your shoulder blade. “I’ve been defeated by my own wife.” It still made your stomach coil whenever anyone said it. Wife . You turned back around and rested your head against the pillow. You would be leaving for Yavin in the morning, hoping on spending the rest of the summer days on the planet as your honeymoon. You were thankful, in a way. Most couples on the base that got married didn’t have a honeymoon. There was too much needed of everyone to risk having people gone. The General would be losing two commanders of two squadrons, but you knew she had pulled strings to get you a week off with your new husband. You sighed happily. “I love you idiot.” “Love you too, wench.” “Now that’s just rude.” “You can call me an idiot but I can’t call you a wench?” “Yeah, it’s our thing. I insult you all of the time.” “No you don’t.” “I do. You just don’t hear it.” “I think I made a mistake marrying you.” “No takebacks.” Chapter 70 : Poe Dameron/Reader - After the War (General Rating) Summary: Anon Prompt on tumblr: Poe and the Reader adjust to life after the war (with special guest star Kes Dameron because he's a babe.) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The ship had barely opened its doors before Caleb and Shara jumped out and bolted across the landing dock, sprinting to the man standing there to welcome your family. “Grandpa!” they scream and run into his legs. Kes Dameron was, and remains to be, a strong man. He has no trouble hoisting them both up into his arms, even in his old age. You step out of the ship and look around. The colony is quite, as is the planet, and everyone seems to go about their own business. A few people glance your way as the ship slowly lifts off the ground and flies away from the dock. You feel Poe take you hand. You lace his fingers through your own. All of those late-night talks on D’Qar were finally coming true. Kes drove your family to his home – hidden away in the forests of Yavin, near the colony but away enough for him to have his privacy. The children never stopped asking him questions, as is their nature. You rested your head on Poe’s shoulder throughout the drive, still holding his hand. “It would be good for them,” he said to you during the night. Neither of you were asleep, but not fully awake. You looked up at him. “It would be good for us,” he explained, “going somewhere quite.” “And if we win,” you replied, “if everything ends up okay, and we both make it out alive…what do we do?” “There’s a shipping dock in Yavin,” Poe said while he ran his fingers through your hair. “I used to work there when I was a kid. My father works there now.” “I don’t think the Greatest Pilot in the Galaxy would be stuck with shipping duty,” you said lightly. It got a small laugh out of him. The question lingered though. What would you do when all of this was over? Caleb and Shara run forward to Kes’ house. It was where Poe grew up, and it hasn’t changed at all. The grass is still kept short, the windows glisten from being washed, and by the garage, the tarp is still there over Poe’s mother’s A-Wing. You tighten your hold on Poe’s hand. “You’ll stay the night, won’t you?” Kes asks over his shoulder as you walk towards the house. Your children are already on the front porch, fighting on who sits in the swing chair. Poe is the one to respond. “Yeah,” he says, stronger than you would have, “and we’ll move into our own cabin in the morning.” Kes nods. Looking at him now, you wouldn’t think that he had served in a long and gruelling war. There are flashes of it sometimes, flashes only you and Poe see because you’ve fought in a war too. He’s happy. You want to ask him about it. How does he just…shut it off? The voice in your head that lingers. The voice that sometimes brings images with it. Images of bases and TIE fighters destroyed. The bodies that lay on the floor with blood polling around them. The bodies that you have put there. The civilians caught in the middle of all of this. There’s a nudge on your shoulder. “Love?” You look at Poe, who’s frowning at you slightly. You try your best smile out, knowing that it’s not going to wash with him at all. “I’m fine,” you say. When you look to the house, you smile a little bit better. “Let’s go.” Your all out on the back porch when Caleb and Shara come bouncing out of the house. You frown at them. “I thought I just put you two to bed?” Caleb smiles broadly – one that he got from his father. Shara looks down at her feet. “We can’t sleep,” Caleb answers for both of them. Kes laughs. “They can stay, (Y/N). Company can never be turned away.” Poe’s sitting beside you, with an arm thrown over the back of the wicker couch your both on. He pats the free space to his side. “Come on, monsters,” he sighs, but he smiles through it. Caleb sits on the cushioned seat, but Shara climbs up between you and Poe, sitting down on your lap with her legs thrown over Poe’s. “They’re adorable kids,” Kes says lowly. The fireflies are out. It’s something you’ve always loved about Yavin’s nights. They bob gently in the breeze, lighting the back garden gently. Another soft glow of light comes from the Force Tree that Kes planted with his wife all of those years ago. Shara points at the fireflies, and Poe explains them to her. Caleb has been to Yavin before, but not Shara. They see their grandfather enough through videocomms and transmissions. You watch as Poe points out the glowing bugs, explaining them through a story he had been told when he was her age. They’re full of Light, according to Poe and Kes. Kes watches them both, smiling softly. You run your fingers through Shara’s hair. You would be lying if you said that you were okay. You were okay most of the time. Then something would happen: a pot or pan would drop onto the floor and make a loud crash, or someone at the docks would yell a bit too loudly, and everything would come crashing down. The images would flood back all at once, reminding you of what you did during the war. The killing, the fighting, the bombing. The civilians got to you the most. You saw them: frightened wide eyes that stared up at the sky, or through frantic crowds as they tried to escape the fighting. They would get caught in the crossfire, and it was more names to add to your ever growing list. Poe fought off the feeling too. Sometimes you would wake up in the middle of the night to his screaming. He never spoke about what happened when he was captured on Jakku. All you knew was that Kylo Ren was there. Truthfully, you made your own assumptions. Therapists wanted you both to talk about everything. Poe told one of them to go fuck themselves. You backed him up on it. Not all nights were bad. Not all days were bad. When something did happen, you would be in the other’s arms, reminding you that it’s over and that you’re safe. Sometimes that was all it took. Poe took the worst of it. When you reach out for Poe, for the routine you would do whenever he woke up from a nightmare, you frown when all you feel is cold sheets. Rubbing your eyes, you blink through the dark room. Nothing. His side of the bed is empty and the sheets are messed up and crumpled. You slid out of bed and grabbed one of his hoodies, throwing it over yourself. Your cabin wasn’t huge. It was enough room for you, Poe and the children. Finding him would be easy, if he stayed in the house. Before you left your bedroom, you looked to his side of the room. His running shoes and sweatpants were still there, so you knew he didn’t go running. You tugged the hoodie tighter around yourself as you walk through the hallways. It’s dark, and you don’t want to turn on the lights in case you woke the children. To them, their parents were fine. Their parents were war heroes. Their parents were slowly falling apart and they didn’t even know. You found Poe outside, standing in the middle of your garden. The children started planting lines of root vegetables as a project to keep them busy. Poe was staring down at the upturned earth. “Poe?” you say gently. “Why are you out here?” He says nothing. You tug at the hoodie again and walk out into the garden. With every step you take towards him, you notice the little things about him – his hair is a mess, there’s dark circles settling under his eyes, the corners of his mouth are pulled downwards. “Poe?” “I can still see it,” he says quietly. You reach for his arm, and breathe a slight sigh of relief when he doesn’t jerk away. “It’s alright,” you say gently. Looking back to the house, you tug on his arm. “Come inside,” you try, “it’s cold and about to rain.” Heavy clouds have settled over the colony, threatening to spill any day now. You didn’t know if it would rain now, but you need an excuse to get back into the house. “Why won’t they leave me alone?” Poe asks. He’s still staring down at the You sigh. “I don’t know love.” You take his arm in yours and press yourself to his side. “I think you should talk to your dad about it,” you explain. You cut him off when he opens his mouth to respond. “He’s been through worse. He can help.” Poe looks at you blankly for a moment before he nods. “I will.” And he does. You watch from the kitchen as they talk in the living room. Sitting opposite each other, they talk about it all. Sometimes Kes turns to you and tries to get you in on the conversation too. You always talk for a few minutes, but then turn the attention back to Poe because he’s been through worse. And he explains Kylo Ren. Your eyes sting from unshed tears when he explains it all – the torture and the probing into his mind, how he screamed for what seemed like hours but it didn’t leave him. Why won’t they leave me alone? You sit down beside him and take his hands in yours. “I’m so sorry love,” you whisper, “I’m so sorry you had to go through that.” He puts his other hand on top of yours and squeezes gently. Kes sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose with two fingers. “I would like to do this more often,” he says, “talking with each other.” Poe nods. Kes turns to you, and you nod too. He means all of you. The tears in your eyes disappear when Shara runs into the room and crashes into her Papa’s leg. “Daddy Caleb won’t give me back my Bantha toy!” Poe stands up and hoists Shara into his arms. “I suppose we’ll have to fight to get it back then, won’t we little dove?” Shara squeals. “We’re the good guys! A-And Caleb is a lousy Sith lord!” You smile at Shara. Poe leaves with your daughter, leaving you and Kes sitting opposite each other. “You’re good for him,” Kes says suddenly. “You’re just like his mother. She was good for me, and you’re good for him.” “Thank you Kes,” you say lowly. Kes nods firmly and gets up. “These old bones better get themselves to work or they’ll stick together,” he sighs. You laugh. “Kes Dameron, you’re looking as fighting fit as ever.” He pats a hand on your shoulder. “Compliments? I knew I liked you.” You put your own hand on his and thanked him again for the session. Upstairs, you could hear Shara and Caleb laughing, shouting and fighting. You got up from the couch, prepared to break up whatever kind of fight their father caused now. Something settles in your mind that day. A little beam of light that just says you’ll be okay . It might be enough to get you through the darkness, and it might not. Only time will tell. “Mama! Shara is being a meanie!” You laughed as you climbed the stairs. You’ll all be okay. Notes: Keep the prompts coming in my lovelies! Chapter 71 : Poe & Ben & Reader - Younglings Part 1 (General Rating) Summary: Two lovely Anons on Tumblr requested something with the trio as kids! The first one wanted something to do with them as kids, pre-Ben turning to the Dark Side. The Second's request is to come! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You jumped on Ben’s bunk. “Get up loser! Poe’s here!” You dodged the arm Ben flung out of the sheets to hit you, but you were grabbed by another and pulled down onto his bed. “Get off me!” you struggled against him, but laughed when Ben so easily pinned you down. “You smell like the back-end of a Bantha.” “Don’t pick fights with people bigger than you,” he grumbled. “Then I wouldn’t be able to fight anyone.” When you had managed to drag Ben out of bed, you took his hand and dragged him through the base. “Come on! He’ll be here soon!” You ran past pilots, all you stepped aside when you ran past. Ben’s mother’s counsellors looked at you both scornfully when you ran past, almost colliding into them. Out on the landing strip, you waited. “You said he was here-” You hit his shoulder. “I said he was nearly here, loser.” Soon enough, a carrier ship flew around the nearby mountain and came into view. You hopped on your feet. It had been a year since you last saw Poe. When he came to visit, it was only for a few days. And when he wasn’t here, it felt like something inside of you was missing. Ben’s hand tightened in yours. His smile was just as bright. The three of you were the closest friends on the base. There were other kids here – younglings of commanders and medics and officials, but you didn’t bond with them like you did with Poe and Ben. When the ship landed, you waited for the door to open. It landed with a hiss of its engines, and the doors opened. Poe’s parents stepped out first, greeted by one of the commanders that you didn’t know the name of. Poe followed them. He had grown since you last saw him, and his hair was a bit longer and curlier. He looked up at his parents before looking around. When his eyes landed on you and Ben, a bright smile erupted. “Ben! (Y/N)!” Poe ran forward, leaving his parents behind as he bolted towards you and Ben. You flung an arm around him when he ran into you. When his parents walked over, Ben greeted them. He was like his mother in a way – how he stood a bit taller when official people were around. Poe’s father shook his hand. Looking to you, he frowned slightly. “I’m sorry. I don’t think I know you – where’s the scrawny little girl I’ve heard so much about?” He looked over to Poe who’s cheeks reddened slightly. “I’m (Y/N)!” “I don’t think so,” he shook his head, “you’re beautiful and strong.” Poe’s mother was smiling broadly. You stood tall. “Hello Mr Dameron.” The strong man ruffled your hair. “Good morning (Y/N),” he smiled at you. He clasped his hand on Ben’s shoulder, and talked to him about his upcoming Jedi training with his uncle. You frowned. You didn’t like talking about it. If Ben trained with Uncle Luke, then he wouldn’t be around with you. Then you would be without Poe and without Ben. You took Poe’s hand in yours, your other one still being held by Ben. “We have whisper birds now!” Poe looked up at his dad. “We have those on Yavin, don’t we Pop?” “We do,” Poe’s mother smiled at you both. She tugged on her husband’s arm. “We should meet with the General. She’ll be waiting.” Poe looked between you and his parents. “Can I play with Ben and (Y/N) Mama?” “Of course you can darling,” she rubbed the top of his head with her hand. “Just come back before dark, alright?” “We will,” Ben promised. You dragged the boys away, sprinting towards the forest to find the whisper birds. Your favourite place to go was by the lake. D’Qar was either trees or lakes. Han had taken both you and Ben in the Falcon one day, and showed you a part of D’Qar that had trees coming out of the lake. It was too far away to get to on foot, but you still remembered it. You laid on the lush green grass, staring up at the sky. The birds flew above you, their golden feathers glistening in the sunlight. The skimmed over the lake, danced through the branches of the trees, and clmbed up higher and higher into the sky until they disappeared into the clouds. Ben and Poe were by the water’s edge, poking a stick into the water. You swam in the lake before. You remember getting told off by Ben’s mother – it was too deep, and they didn’t know what was in the water. You told her you had stayed close to the edge, but she didn’t let up on her lecture. “You’re going to be a Jedi?” you heard Poe say. You closed your eyes. Ben couldn’t be a Jedi. It wasn’t fair. You had lost parents. You lost Poe when he wasn’t around. And now you were about to lose Ben. The conversation went quiet. The only sounds around the lake were the whisper birds’ songs. Suddenly a wave of water came down on top of you. “What the kriffing hell?!” you screamed. Poe was sitting on the lake’s edge, holding onto his side as he laughed loudly. Ben hovered above you with wet hands. You lunged forward and took him to the grass. He tried to flip you both over, but you pinned his wrists to the ground and sat on his stomach. You shook your head and let drops of water fall onto him from your soaked hair. “Let me up!” Ben protested, trying to shove you off again. You leaned down. “Don’t ever pick a fight with me, Ben Solo. I hope you sleep well tonight. It’d be a shame if something were to happen.” Two arms wrapped around your stomach and pulled you backwards. You squealed as Poe dragged you off of Ben, holding you down as the other got to his feet and crawled towards you. “Don’t you dare Ben Solo!” you shouted at him. He grabbed your legs and lifted. Poe stood up, taking your torso with him. You flailed your arms around, trying to catch something of Poe’s but coming up with nothing. “I swear to the Maker I’ll get you in your sleep!” you shouted at the both of them. They walked together towards the lake’s edge. You tried to wiggle out of their holds, but they both held on tightly. “On three?” Poe laughed. Ben nodded. “One.” “Two.” The rocked you with each number, and on three, let go of you and flung you into the lake. The first person who noticed you was Poe’s mother. “Maker alive,” she breathed. His father and Ben’s mother turned around to see you walking back to the base. Poe, after he had recovered from his laughing fit on the lake’s bank, handed you his jacket. Ben tried to hold you close to his side when he saw you shiver, but you pushed him away. “You’ve made a powerful enemy Ben Solo,” you had growled at him, but took his hand when he pulled you out of the lake. Kes stifled a laugh and brought his hand to cover his mouth. Ben’s mother didn’t look so pleased. “What happened?” You glared at Ben. “Explain,” you ordered. A breeze swept through the landing strip and it make you tremble. Poe wrapped his arms around you. He was always warm – you knew that whenever you lay on the ground close to him. Kes looked at both of you. “Get inside,” he said, “you’ll catch something staying out here.” Poe walked with you inside the base. Ben stayed with his mother, explaining the story. You looked over your shoulder to him, but he waved you away. “It was pretty funny, though,” Poe giggled. You glared at him. “You’re on my list too, idiot.” Notes: The line about don't pick fights with people taller than you...it doesn't apply to me. I'm 5'8, just an inch shorter than Oscar Isaac. I could probably take him. Daniel Bruhl too. Chapter 72 : Poe & Caleb - *Coming Out (Teenage Rating) Summary: A lovely Anon on Tumblr requested that either of the Dameron kids coming out. *Internalised Homophobia and teenagers being asshats (like some do). Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As the younglings got older, they saw less and less of their parents. It was something that Poe was terrified of. He barley saw his parents when they would go off to war, leaving him behind with his grandfather for the majority of his childhood. But you had convinced him that the children had Leia and the base to look after them. When you were around, you noticed things. Little things that only parents noticed. Caleb wasn’t a shy kid. As he grew older, he was more outgoing. The other kids on the base remained his friends, close friends, as they trained to be pilots together. You had heard from him that he wanted to be a pilot like his Papa, and his friends would be in a squadron with him. Then he hit the teen years. It was something you were preparing for. Poe’s father had joking said to you during a comm one night that Poe was an unruly teenager, and he wondered if Caleb would be the same. Poe of course denied it, but you had both laughed at the stories of your teenage years together that night. When Caleb refused to go flying with Poe one day, you almost dropped the wrench you had in your hand. Looking under the hull of your X-Wing, you saw Caleb standing opposite Poe. He was wearing his flightsuit, one similar to Poe’s, with his arms crossed in front of him. “I just don’t want to today,” he said, looking down at his feet. Poe sighed, but nodded his head. “Okay buddy,” he shrugged, “we can go another time.” Poe hoisted himself into his X-Wing. When Caleb began walking past yours, you called out to him. “You okay, dove?” He shoved his hands into his pockets and nodded. You weren’t convinced, but the hangar was busy. A few mechanics walked over to you to start working on your X-Wing. You walked up to him. “We can talk later if you want?” He didn’t look at you. With his eyes trained on the ground, or at his boots, he shrugged a shoulder. “Yeah,” he said in a small voice. He walked off with his head down. “Something’s not right,” Poe said to you one night. He was leaning against the small kitchen unit of your quarters, his arms folded over his chest. You looked over your shoulder to the adjoining living room. Caleb was on one of the couches with Shara sitting beside him. They were watching some holovid, enraptured by it. You turned to Poe. “He won’t talk to either of us.” He raised an eyebrow at you. “Are you saying we need a third-party to find out?” You looked at Caleb again. With his sister, whatever had been settled inside of him was gone. He was laughing and smiling as brightly as he always had. Shara tried to wrestle the holopad out of his hands, explaining something about a new funny video one of her friends showed her. You sighed. “We need Leia.” Leia, Maker bless her, was your personal detective. You knew what it was like. There were just some things that teenagers wouldn’t talk about with their parents. With every passing day, you watched Caleb. Once he left for the day, when he would drop Shara off at medical for her training. When you and Poe were at the hangar, Caleb wouldn’t come in. You knew that was when he would visit Leia in her office. You had too many heartfelt conversations there yourself, so you let Caleb take all the time he needed. When you looked over at Poe, he was looking back at you. His hair was starting to turn grey, dark circles settling under his eyes. You smiled solemnly at him, and you both went back to work. You noticed something on the way back to your quarters. The top of your flightsuit was undone, and you were wrapping the sleeves of it around you waist. Looking up, you saw Caleb outside medical. It wasn’t unusual. Shara worked there in the daytime, and he often visited her to check on her training. Shara wasn’t there. Instead, Caleb stood with another boy his age – another trainee medic – with his hands in his pocket and Poe managed to catch him as Caleb was walking from the door of your quarters to his own room. “How was your day, buddy?” You looked between Poe and Caleb. The boy shrugged and toed the floor with his boot. “Alright, I guess.” “Who’s your friend in medical?” Poe asked casually. You’re playing with fire Dameron , you thought to yourself, but turned back to your report. Caleb frowned. “He’s not my friend. He’s no one.” Poe was silent for a minute. “Can we talk?” “No.” “Please, buddy,” Poe tried again, “something’s wrong, we can tell.” You arched your eyebrow at Poe at the word we . Caleb slowly walked towards the couch and sat down heavily onto it. Poe and you sat opposite him. “The guy you saw,” Caleb said slowly, “he’s just been giving me trouble, lately.” You could feel Poe tense up beside you. He was always so protective about your children. “It’s nothing,” Caleb said quickly. “It’s something if it’s bothering you, buddy,” “It’s nothing.” You shuffled forward on the couch. “Caleb, you can talk to us about anything. You know that, right?” “There’s nothing to talk about.” You sighed. There was no point trying to get it out of him. You patted Poe’s knee. “Come on,” you said, “let’s go to bed.” You barely got up out of the couch before he said it. “I’m gay.” You looked at Caleb. His eyes – Poe’s eyes that he inherited from him – were red and bloodshot. He was holding back tears. Poe let out a breath. “Buddy,” he was smiling faintly, “that’s alright.” There was a silent moment between the three of you. You were the one to break it. “Why didn’t you tell us sooner? We’re perfectly okay with that, dove.” Caleb sniffed. “The son of the great Poe Dameron can’t be gay.” It was under his breath, almost whispered. Your heart shattered in your chest. You wanted to wrap your arms around him, like he was a youngling again, and let him know everything was okay. Poe started shaking slightly beside you. “Who said that?” “Poe,” you breathed. “Who said that to you?” Poe gritted out. Caleb rubbed his arm and muttered, “Some guys in medical – trainees.” Caleb looked between you and Poe. “Don’t do anything, please,” his voice shook, “I don’t want you to do anything.” You reached out and took Caleb’s hand in yours. “Dove, does anyone else know about this? About what you’ve told us about the trainees?” Poe stood up from the couch and paced around the living room. He rubbed his hand over his face. Caleb paused. “Leia does,” he said. He looked up at you with wide eyes. “Don’t get her involved either. She was trying to help – I-I could talk to her about it.” You shook your head. “Dove, it’ll be alright. We won’t do anything unless you want us to.” Poe walked past the couch, storming past both you and Caleb and letting the door hiss shut behind him. You stared at the door, something settling in your stomach that made it churn and twist. Caleb covered his face in his hands. “Please, Mom,” his voice shook. You stood up from your place on the couch and sat beside him, rubbing his shoulders and hushing him. “It’ll be alright,” you promised, “everything will be fine.” “I want you to know,” you said to Caleb later that night, “he isn’t angry about you. He’s angry about what those trainees said.” Caleb was sitting back against the headboard of his bed. He had shuffled over to let you sit on the side of it. You remember sitting on his bunk when he was a youngling, reading him stories or helping him through nightmares or problems. “I know,” Caleb said in a small voice. He hadn’t talked much since Poe stormed out. You had already sent a comm to Leia, warning him that he was on a rampage. She had managed to catch him and drag him into her conference room. You looked at him sadly. “Know that we’ll love you no matter what. Do you understand?” You heard Poe’s voice cut through the room. “Shara Leia Dameron, you come back here right now!” “They deserved it!” You rolled your eyes and got up from Caleb’s beside. “Go to sleep, dove,” you told him, “everything will be okay.” Caleb shuffled underneath the covers. You were at the door to his room when you heard him mumble, “Thank you Mom.” “What in the Maker’s name is wrong with you two?” you sighed as you walked out into the living room. “You’ll wake up the entire base.” Shara was sitting on the couch, her arms folded tightly over her chest. You noticed that her hands were tucked into her armpits. You looked up to Poe. “Our daughter was involved in a fight,” Poe told you, staring at Shara. “That kid’s going to have a crooked nose, you know?” Shara glared back at Poe. “He deserved it!” She turned to you. “He was saying awful things about Callie. He always has, even when I’m around!” You walked forward and held out your hands. Shara slowly put hers in yours. Her knuckles were bloody and scrapped slightly. You sighed heavily. “Go clean up and get to bed.” “Love-” Poe said. You waved him off. “We’ll talk about this in the morning,” you said to Shara. She nodded solemnly and went to her own room. Poe waited until her bedroom door shut before you spoke to him. “She’s only looking out for her big brother-” “-The kid she clocked in the nose is a colonel’s son,” Poe said lowly, as if Shara was still listening through the door. “And he,” you walked towards Poe slowly, “was making homophobic remarks to the son of two commanders.” Standing in front of Poe, you put your hands on his chest. “Everything will be fine,” you assured him. It seemed like you had to ensure all of your family that. “For now, we’re going to focus on Caleb. He needs us now more than anyone else.” Poe lifted his hand to your face, and captured your chin between his index finger and thumb. “We don’t deserve you,” he breathed. “How do you do it? How are you so calm?” “I’m not,” you said truthfully. “I’m panicking on the inside. But that’s not going to do Caleb or Shara any good, so I bury it. I’ll deal with it later, probably on poor sod in the training room, but for now, our kids need us.” You managed to drag Poe to bed. You threw your flightsuit into a pile of clothes in the corner of the room, and pulled on one of his shirts. Sliding under the sheets, Poe pulled you to his side. You leaned your head against his bare shoulder and you wrapped your arm around his waist. “I don’t deserve you,” he muttered into the darkness of your room. He slipped his hand under your shirt and trailed his fingers up our spine. “Shara can throw a punch,” he said after a while. You sniggered. “Seriously?” “You should have seen it, love,” Poe marvelled, “I thought she was going to punch that kid’s nose clean off.” You laughed against Poe’s shoulder. “Am I a terrible person for laughing?” “Probably.” Notes: Keep sending those prompts in, loves! This wasn't my finest work, I'll be honest, I didn't get a chance to write today because of work. I then took a nap when I got home that turned into a sleep. Comments and kudos gladly appreciated! (I'll probably write a Part 2 to this, and give Caleb a bf because he deserves the world (and not the shit I put him and his family through)) Chapter 73 : Kylo Ren/Reader - Still Here (General Rating) Summary: Prompt from jessiplier on Tumblr! (IT's so short! I'm so sorry D:) Kylo stays by the Reader's bedside when you come back injured. Some Force-fluff happens. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The medical bay of any First Order ship is exclusively for those in command. No Trooper has ever come through the doors on a stretcher. If they do happen to fall or get injured on the battlefield, they’re left there. The medical bay is only ever used for those in command or the Knights. Kylo sat by her bedside, ignoring the comm that was going off every five minutes or so. He let the threatening messages from Hux pile up, eventually tearing his commlink out of her ear and throwing it across the room. She was so pale. Wherever wasn’t cut, it was bruised, but her skin was that ashen colour that dead bodies had. She wasn’t dead. Every so often, Kylo would glance up to the heart rate monitor. It beeped slowly and steadily. He let his eyes close and he went to that place that they both shared. It was and wasn’t in this world. Something that existed between them in the world, but only they could go to it. Ever since she had been brought in by the medics, he hadn’t be able to get to her. A thick fog surrounded her mind. It was the Force trying to heal her, he understood that. But he still wanted to reach out to her. Every day he came in and sat down, he tried again and again until Hux warned him that he would turn himself into a vegetable if he stayed under for too long. “Being underwater is beautiful,” he had told the Knight, “but stay under too long and you’ll drown.” Hux hadn’t visited since that day. He was busy. Kylo liked to think it was because he finally lashed out at the General, gripping the lapels of his jacket in his hands and throwing him to the ground. Something changed in the room. The heartrate monitor still beeped in a continuous up and down motion. Her blood pressure was fine, as were her oxygen levels. Everything physical about her was fine, except for the broken bones that were now healing under the dermal-regenerator. It was something else. Kylo tried again. He detached himself from his body and reached out to her through the Force. It was still hazy and clouded, but through the mist he could see something reaching back. “My love,” he said breathlessly, reaching out to grab her hand. When he was close, he could feel the brush of her fingers against his, she pulled her hand away. “I need to stay under for a while longer,” she explained. The mist tangled itself around her like tendrils, not letting her go. Something else was building inside of Kylo. The familiar hatred and anger that had led him to be who he is now. “I’ll wake up eventually my love,” she promised him, “but go back to your body now. Leave me to heal.” Kylo’s body jolted forward. The medical room was so silent. He looked down at her – still the colour of ash and breathing slower than he would like her to be, but alive. Somehow. He reached forward and took her hand in his. “Come back to me,” he whispered. She could hear him, he knew that. If they could manage a conversation through the Force, then she was awake on the inside. He rubbed her bruised knuckles with his thumb. “I can’t lose the only good thing left in my life.” Notes: Work is...work. I didn't have much time to get away and write. What usually happens is whenever I'm supervising (which is most of the time) I write while I watch the teenagers and make sure they don't cause riots. Now my classes are getting bigger, and I have to do walk-about through the aisles of seats. I also had to scribe for an exam. It was...stressful. Comments and prompts welcomed! yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com or in the comments below! Chapter 74 : Caleb/OMC - Light (General Rating) Summary: The fallout weeks after Caleb comes out to his parents. (Featuring Poe being a Total Dad™) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Leia had an unnatural talent of setting things right again. It took a few weeks for Caleb to get back to his normal self. You smiled faintly when he wandered up to Poe one day, his flightsuit on and his helmet tucked underneath his arm. He was flying again, and smiling again. You were sitting down with Poe one night when Shara came into the living room. She was just passing through, but Poe called out to her. “Come here,” he pointed to the other couch across from you. Shara looked at it, then at her father. “Am I in trouble?” she asked quietly. “Because whatever it is, I didn’t start it!” “It’s alright little dove,” Poe waved her over. You watched her walk slowly to the couch, sitting on the armrest rather than the seat itself. She was going to make a quick escape. “I want you to keep an eye on Caleb,” he said. Caleb wasn’t here. It was getting late, but you didn’t worry about him. He always managed to make it home somehow, and you knew he wouldn’t have gone far. Snap had sent you a comm earlier on that just said he’s in the cantina with his friends , and that put you at ease. Shara folded her arms in front of her. “Okay,” she said slowly. “It’s so nice having a child that will help me spy on the other,” Poe stood up and brought her in for a crushing hug, pressing kisses to her forehead and letting her go when she pushed away. “I better get paid for this,” she muttered as she rubbed at her forehead. You looked up at your husband and laughed. “A Dameron through and through.” He arched an eyebrow at you. “Excuse me? That’s pure Naboo behaviour she’s showing.” You were working with one of the mechanics, Charlie, one day. Sitting on top of the hull to your X-Wing, you pried open the compartments and fished around for the damn rattling noise that something was making. “Check the engine,” Charlie instructed, handing you up a proton-welder, “it could have something to do with the wires.” Surely enough, you saw one of the wires was loose. “Maker help me,” you grumbled as you grabbed a small torch and went to work fixing it. You had just managed to screw the wire’s connecting bolt back into place when Charlie spoke again. “How’s Caleb?” You peered down at him. “Alright,” you answered, “he’s getting no more trouble off of that trainee.” “That’s good,” Charlie said. There was a pause. “Do you know how he’s doing, though? Where his mind is at?” You sat back on the hull. “He’s fine.” “Are you sure?” “Charlie” “I’m just saying,” he held up his hands. “I went through it myself. When I came out, some people didn’t take it well. They said things, and the things turned into thoughts.” Your eyes softened. “I’m sorry Charlie.” He shrugged a shoulder. “I’m perfectly fine now. But it took a while. It’s a strange and dangerous thing, you know, hating yourself and what you are. Words can do more damage to a person that any plasmacannon in the galaxy.” You continued to work on your X-Wing. You knew it better than you knew yourself – how it worked, what parts were supposed to be where, and it seemed to be alive at times. You finished fixing the engine, sending out a silent prayer to the Light that it wouldn’t blow up next time you needed to start it. You threw down the tools into the cart below. Charlie had gone home. You liked working on your own craft yourself, even though Charlie was like a brother to you, you still wanted to be alone with it. Most of the mechanics had turned in early anyway. All that was in the hangar were a few stray pilots all tinkering with their own X-Wings. You closed the hull’s cover and hopped down onto the ground. Wiping the grease and oil off of your hands, you looked around. The large double doors to the hangar opened. Shara ran in, sliding into “Who died?” you raised your eyebrow at her. She stared levelly at you. “No one! I’m a very good nurse, I’ll have you know.” She’s definitely a Dameron. She took in a deep breath. “Caleb’s got a friend,” she gasped. You put the cleaning rag down onto the cart. “What?” “I saw Caleb with a boy,” she explained a bit breathlessly, “and they were really close. Like you and Papa but grosser.” “Shara-” “-Not because of that !” she explained, “But y’know? He’s my brother? It’s like when you and Papa kiss, and I want to throw up a bit in my mouth.” You laughed and threw your arm over her shoulders. “He’ll tell us when he’s ready,” you said lowly, mindful that there were other people still in the hangar, “he doesn’t need his little sister gossiping about it, either.” Shara folded her arms. “I’m looking out for him.” “I know you are, little dove,” you ruffled her dark hair. Shara was incapable of keeping a secret. Poe looked up at her while on the couch with a holopad in his lap. “What do you mean?” You rolled your eyes and carded your fingers through his hair. You sat on the couch with your feet propped up on the table in front of you, and Poe leaned against your side with his legs dangling off the end of the couch. Shara groaned. “He has a boyfriend!” You shook your head. “What did I tell you in the hangar?” She folded her arms. “Not to gossip.” Poe chuckled. “But it’s not gossip! He’s not going to be telling you two any time soon,” she explained. “Why wouldn’t he tell us?” you asked. Shara shrugged her shoulder. “Because you’re our parents, and there are just things that you don’t need to know.” Poe was chuckling lightly to himself. “Like how you have a boyfriend?” Shara’s eyes went wide. “N-No I don’t.” “Yes you do, dove,” he smirked, “I have eyes everywhere.” Shara looked to you, and you shrugged. “I can’t help you there, dove.” Shara left in a huff, muttering something under her breath about you two being evil. You tugged at Poe’s hair. “You’re spying on your spy?” He let his head drop back on to your lap. “You can never be too careful,” he grinned. “You’re an evil man, Poe Dameron.” “It’s why you love me,” he said lowly. You leaned down and he met you halfway, joining your lips together. Your felt him raise a hand and bring it to the back of your neck, tugging you down a bit more to deepen the kiss. “Maker alive!” Shara screamed, “Stop doing that in the living room!” Shara’s boyfriend, you had Snap find out, was someone you knew. He was the son to one of your pilots – a kind soul that you knew she would be happy with. Snap stood beside you in the hangar. Poe was working on his X-Wing beside you, cursing under his breath about a loose bolt. “Put some effort into it, love,” you smirked at him. You winked when he threw you a fiery glare over his shoulder. Snap nudged your elbow. “There he is,” he nodded to Caleb walking into the “He’s got a little spring in his step, don’t you think,” Snap smiled coyly at you. You hit his arm and Poe groaned from his place almost inside his X-Wing’s interior. “Please don’t talk about our son’s maybe-sex life when we’re here,” Poe grounded out. Jess was above you, sitting on the visor of her craft, trying to fix a crack that appeared in the glass. She giggled. “He’s practically glowing though, Commander,” she threw down at you and Poe. You rolled your eyes. Caleb was suited up in his flightsuit. He was beginning to take on missions – small recon missions that never took him away far, and supply drops to neighbouring Resistance bases. He looked like Poe with every passing day. He was growing out his hair, now a mop of black curls on his head that he always had to push back from his eyes. He looked over to where you and the others were standing and gave you a small smile. Snap turned on his heel and went back to work, and Jess giggled to herself up on her X-Wing. “Children,” you heard Poe mutter. “How old are you two again?” “Mom,” Caleb called out to you, “can I talk to you for a second?” You rounded the corner of your X-Wing and paused when you saw who stood there. Caleb stood there with another boy his own age next to him. “Yeah, of course you can,” you said. You threw down the wrench you were holding and a rag onto the cart. Caleb cleared his throat. “This is, um, this is Tallen,” he turned to the other boy. He was slightly shorter than Caleb, leanly built and with pale skin and blond, short-cropped hair. Tallen waved at you and shoved his hands back into his pockets. From the uniform he had on, you knew he was a mechanic. “Nice to meet you Tallen,” you smiled at him. Looking at him, he looked ready to bolt at any given moment. Caleb looked between the both of you, then down at the ground. He swore under his breath before he folded his arms over his chest. “It’s okay,” Tallen said quietly. “We don’t have to now-” “-This is my boyfriend,” he got out quickly. It was almost one word in one breath. Caleb swallowed thickly. He knew it was okay with both you and Poe, and the entire base for that matter. Leia made sure of it. You assured him that everything was going to be fine, and if by any chance it wasn’t, he had a five-foot-three sister with enough fury in her to take down a Hutt to defend him. You of course told him that this was the safest place for him to be. There were worlds where it wasn’t so safe. But it took time for him to believe that. You smiled at Caleb. “Thank you for introducing us, Caleb,” you said. Tallen held out his hand. “Tallen Kolan,” he said. You held up your own hands, covered in grease and oil. “It’s alright, Mrs Dameron,” he laughed, “I see that every day.” He shook your hand and turned to Caleb. “Are you okay?” Caleb nodded and put his hands in the pockets of his flightsuit. “Yeah,” he said. “He’s nice,” you said to Poe, “he seems like a good kid.” Poe wasn’t really listening. You knew that. He was more interested in staring down the boy that was a bit too close to your daughter. He was the son of one of your pilots – Eli, you thought his name was. Your squadron was as close as Poe’s was, so his mother already told you about him and Shara. “Leave her be,” you tried to drag him away, but his feet were rooted to the ground. “She’s our little girl,” he said, folding his arms over his chest. “You know what will happen when she grows up?” You shook your head. “That means we’re getting old.” You laughed and wrapped your arms around Poe’s waist. Humming to yourself, you carded your fingers through his pepper-coloured hair. “We are getting old,” you corrected him. You placed your hand on the back of his neck and pressed a kiss to his cheek. “I’m sorry that you’re just after learning of this.” Shara was outside of medical, leaning against the wall talking and smiling with another medic there. You vaguely wondered what happened to the one whose nose she broke, but you thought against it. It was a bad few weeks for everyone, and you’d rather not breathe any life into it. Poe was still watching your daughter. She was laughing and her eyes were a bit brighter. “Remember when that was us?” you hooked your chin over Poe’s shoulder. He sighed and rested his head against yours. “Mom!” You smiled when you saw Shara glaring at the both of you. “Come on,” you tugged your husband away, gripping his arm in yours. Poe still looked over his shoulder. “You’re an idiot, you know that right?” He sighed and placed his hand over yours. “Yeah, I suppose.” “So when they get married,” Jess started. Immediately you already rolled your eyes. “I’m calling dibs on maid of honour.” “ Matron of honour,” Snap corrected her, and dodged out of the way when she flung a wrench at his head. “Young love is gross,” Snap commented a few days later. Poe slid out from underneath his X-Wing and joined Snap. “What do you mean?” “Do you have to go?” Tallen frowned. Caleb sighed. “I’ll be a day, at most. I’ll be back in the morning. I promise.” Their fingers were entwined together. Tallen still frowned. “I promise that I’ll get a few days off after this,” Caleb said quietly. The last of the mechanics signed off on his X-Wing, saying it was ready to fly. As they all left, Tallen was the last to go. Caleb leaned forward and pressed a chaste kiss to Tallen’s temple. “I’ll be back soon,” he said, letting go of Tallen’s hands and climbing up into his X-Wing. He looked over to his father and uncle Snap. It was strange seeing Caleb go out on flights by himself. He usually had a team with him. Poe couldn’t stop the rise in heartbeat when he thought about his son being alone out in space. “It’s a small supply drop,” Snap assured him. He clapped a hand on his shoulder and turned back to their work. When Caleb did come back, Tallen was already on the landing strip. Notes: He deserves the world <3 Chapter 75 : Poe/Reader + Poe/Reader & Caleb - Bumps (General Rating) Summary: Caleb is intrigued by the Reader's baby bump. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Caleb was one of those kids where everything fascinated him. He liked sitting on Poe’s shoulders and watching the X-Wings fly above them. He liked playing with BB-8, learning binary with every passing day. When you and Poe brought him to the lake, he liked watching the whisper birds and listening to their songs. What fascinated him the most, though, was your pregnancy bump. When you were pregnant with Shara, your bump was the one thing Caleb didn’t understand. Poe had lifted the kid into his arms and brought you into your room one day. It was going to be the day where you were going to tell him about getting a little sibling. You had a large family yourself, and knew that sometimes these conversations had the potential to go wrong. Caleb was squealing as he wiggled around in Poe’s arms. “Papa let go!” he laughed. Poe placed him on your bed, and the boy crawled up to you. “Mama! We saw more ships in the hangar today!” Poe sat down on the edge of the bed, watching Caleb explain to you about all the different ships that arrived in the yard. It was a delivery day for supplies, and the Resistance got supplies from everywhere. When Caleb finished his story, he flopped down onto the bed beside you with a huff. “You’re going to have a little sister or a little brother,” Poe explained. Caleb looked between the both of you, his expression blank. You brushed a curl out of his hand and took one of his small hands, and put it on your stomach. “In five months, pigeon, we’re going to have another little kid running around here.” Caleb frowned. “Is it in your tummy?” he looked up at you with wide eyes. “Did you eat it?” Poe sniggered and you almost flung a pillow at him. “No dear,” you tried to school your own expression into something neutral. “You’re too young to understand now, but we’ll tell you when you’re older.” Caleb nodded, and flung himself over to the other side of the bed to Poe. “I’m being attacked,” Poe laughed as Caleb managed to tackle him down onto the lower half of the bed. You brought your feet up and wrapped your arms around them. When your bump started showing, Caleb saw it one morning. You wore one of your grey tank tops, usually kept for working around the hangar. It was a small bump, nothing like what you had with Caleb when you were this far along. He shuffled over to you, rubbing at his eyes. “Mama, what’s in your tummy?” You looked down at yourself and smiled. “That’s your sister, pigeon.” Poe and you had agreed to know the sex of your child. It was something you didn’t do for Caleb, but you couldn’t go through the tension of not knowing again. Caleb tilted his head. You reached out for his hand and you put it on your bump. You could feel her moving inside of you, but it was too soon for Poe or anyone else to feel. You did tell your husband that she kicked like a pit-fighter though. Caleb stared at your bump. When he looked up to you, he mumbled, “when will I get to meet her?” “In a few months,” you smiled, running your fingers through his hair. It was a few weeks later. Poe and you were lying in bed. He was home from a recon run – one that turned out to be nothing but pirates trying to cause trouble. Out of the ‘fresher, you curled into his side and savoured the warmth that always came from his body. “Mama,” Caleb called out for you. You sighed against Poe’s neck, but he just laughed. “I’ll get him,” he whispered. When he stood up, you frowned at the loss of heat. You reached for the blanket and tugged it tighter around yourself. Poe came back in with Caleb a few minutes later. The boy had one arm thrown loosely around Poe’s neck, with his other arm around his Bantha plush toy. Poe bounced him lightly as he walked them both over to you. “What’s wrong pigeon?” you said tiredly. “Can’t sleep,” he mumbled. Poe settled Caleb in between the both of you. You turned around on the bed so that you were facing Poe. Caleb shuffled around for a bit before he found a comfortable place between the two of you. “Mama,” he said after a silent minute. You thought he had gone to sleep. Evidently not. “Hmm?” Caleb looked up at you. “What’s that?” Your daughter definitely kicked. You felt it in your side. Poe looked down at Caleb and frowned. “What’s what buddy?” “Mama’s tummy moved.” Poe looked up to you. “Should I be able to-?” “-Let’s see.” Poe placed his hand on your bump, and you both waited. Caleb looked between the both of you and his face scrunched up. “What’s wrong, Mama?” “Nothing dear,” you combed your fingers through his hair. There it was. Your daughter kicked where Poe had his hand. He almost jerked his hand back, but looked to you with wide eyes. “There she is,” he laughed a bit breathlessly. Caleb’s frown deepened. You reached for his hand and placed it on the spot where your daughter had kicked. “Wait for it,” you whispered. It took a minute, but she kicked again. It was lighter this time, but still there. Caleb’s eyes widened. “What was that?” “That’s your sister,” Poe supplied. He was grinning from ear to ear. Notes: So I'm a terrible person who updates a lot of other things and not the she's most proud of but eeyyyyy. Work has been pretty hectic lately, but I have two weeks left in my contract, and then I'm a free woman. Then updates FOR DAYS. Again, prompts keep me going, so if anyone wants to drop by with a suggestion, do it either in my tumblr ask box or in the comments below! Chapter 76 : Poe Dameron/Reader - A Kiss Goodbye (DAY 1) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge (That I failed almost immediately but shush I'm starting again) Day 1: A Kiss Goodbye - "You should really be used to him leaving..." Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You should be used to him leaving. Over his shoulder, you see some of the mechanics giving his X-Wing a last check-up before he leaves. “Do you have to go alone ?” you ask for the tenth time since leaving your shared quarters. Poe sighs. “Can’t Snap or Jess go with you?” He reaches up and catches your chin between his thumb and index finger. “I’ll be back before you know it,” he gives you a reassuring smile, “what could possibly happen?” You give him a level stare. “Don’t say that. When you say things like that, something happens.” Poe chuckles lightly and moves his hand to cup the side of your face. It’s going to be a simple mission, you were told again and again by both Poe and Leia. He’ll be fine. You know this. But the cold and haunting thought in the back of your mind still lingers – what if something happens? Poe rests his forehead against yours. The sounds of the landing strip slowly recede, and it just becomes the two of you. His eyes stare right into yours. “I’ll be fine,” he reassures you again. “The sooner I leave, the sooner I can be back with you again.” You smile faintly at the truth behind what he says. He could have the job done within a few days at best if he left now. He brushes your nose with his. “I’ll be fine,” he repeats, “I don’t want you worrying over me.” You chuckle lightly. “I’ll always worry over you,” you admit. His hand is still holding your cheek, rubbing our cheekbone with his thumb. You lean into the touch and lean forward, pressing a chaste kiss on his lips. “Please come back to me.” Poe wraps his other arm around your waist and pulls you close to his chest. He captures your lips with his in a deep kiss. You wrap your arms around his shoulders, holding him close to you. He breaks the kiss when his name is shouted across the hangar. You don’t want to look over towards his X-Wing. Knowing that it’s ready is enough, you don’t want to see it. He kisses you chastely again. “I’ll be back soon,” Poe assures you, starting to step away from you. Your arms fall down from his neck and hang loosely by your sides. “Come back to me Dameron,” you warn him, wrapping your heavy arms around yourself, suddenly feeling the coldness of the winds without his body against yours. He flashes you a bright smile. “I promise.” Notes: I'm not dead :D (but I want to be) My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Requests and any additional prompts are gladly welcomed! Chapter 77 : Poe Dameron/Finn - Last 'I Love You' (DAY 2) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge (That I failed almost immediately but shush I'm starting again) Day 2: Last 'I Love You' - "Every time Poe says “I love you” to Finn, he fears it’ll be his last." Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Every time Poe says “I love you” to Finn, he fears it’ll be his last. War tends to do that to people who love each other. Sometimes he’ll say it before he goes to the hangar to leave for a mission, wondering vaguely if he’ll be shot out of the sky. Sometimes he’ll say it before they’re about to go to sleep, wondering vaguely will the base ever be bombed during the night. This war has made him paranoid. It’s something he’s always dealt with, and dealt with well. Then he met Finn. Then he saw Finn’s eyes and heard him laugh and got him away from the First Order. The weeks and months they’ve spent together only forging and stoking the fire he feels in his chest whenever he’s around Finn. That’s when he knows he’s screwed. War is ruthless. Coupled with the paranoia now nestled quite comfortably in Poe’s mind, he knows it’ll kill him someday. The only thing he hears is the blood rushing through his ears. He knows people must be shouting out to him – Jess or Snap or any other of his pilots – but he can’t hear them. His own breathing Is muffled in his own head. Please, please Maker no - The medics run pass him, carrying an unconscious Finn on a stretcher and shouting orders to each other. It’s barely audible over the mild celebration on the base. They’ve put a serious dent in the First Order’s plans, but Poe can see them – the worried glances that suddenly appear when they see Finn and others being brought out of ships, battered and bruised. When he reaches the medics, he hurries along beside them, blindly reaching for Finn’s hand. He’ll never forget how limp and cold it feels in his hand. “Finn?” he says, leaning over the stretcher slightly, trying to keep up with the madness around him, “Finn, buddy, you’ll be alright.” He isn’t allowed into medical. Someone tries to stop him at the main doors, but he brushes passed them. Someone does stop him before the doors of the surgical unit though. So he waits outside. Maker it’s a long wait. Nurses and doctors and surgeons keep coming out to him, telling him about what’s going on. Something to do with Finn’s spine. Paralysis was mentioned once, and Poe reverts to blocking out everything. The hours trudge by, seconds seeming like hours within themselves. When Finn is settled into one of the bays and left to rest, Poe can’t help but pull up a chair and sit beside him. He doesn’t know how long he sits there – staring at Finn and thinking. “I love you,” Poe mumbles. He’s dimly aware of someone calling his name from the bay’s door. He tightens his hold on Finn’s hand. “I’m sorry…but, I-I just love you too much for this,” he struggles to get out. Everything in his head is telling him to shut up. Love is hard to find during war. But Poe just knows that war will take one more thing from him before it’s done with. And he’s terrified that it’ll be Finn. He sucks in a long, shaky breath. “I love you,” he stands up from his chair and presses a light kiss to Finn’s forehead. He lingers there for longer than he intends to. Maybe it’s his head again telling him that he’s an idiot. When the time comes for him to leave Finn’s side and go out on a mission again, he turns away and walks out of the room, not daring to look back. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Any additional prompts are welcomed! Chapter 78 : Rey & Finn - One Sitting with the Other in a Medi-Centre (DAY 3) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge (That I failed almost immediately but shush I'm starting again) Day 3: One Sitting with the Other in a Medi-Centre - Everything was moving too quickly. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Everything was moving too quickly. People kept pulling at her, telling her that she needed to go now. It didn’t stop her from stumbling into the medbay, even if it was only for a few minutes. “I need to go now,” she says softly, watching his chest slowly rise and fall with every breath he takes. She’s so thankful for that. She shuffles forward on her chair, just so she’s sitting on its edge. She takes his hand in hers – still cold, but warmer than it had been when… “I’ll be back before you know it,” she tries to give him hope. Sometimes she wonders if saying this to him will help her too. Maker knows she has her doubts. “I’ll bring Luke back, and we’ll fix all of this.” When she stands up to leave, the world spins. She has to rest her hands on the side of his bed and breathe . When everything passes, she spots Poe waiting on the outside of the medicentre. “I promise that I’ll be back,” Rey brushes her hand over Finn’s. Notes: A short one, because I never write those 3 My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Any other prompts/suggestions are gladly welcomed! Chapter 79 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Heated Argument (DAY 4) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge (That I failed almost immediately but shush I'm starting again) Day 4: Heated Argument - All couples fight... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) All couples fight. You don’t trust anyone that says that they don’t. “I don’t understand why she isn’t bringing me too,” you huff, ripping the last of the broken wires out of the hull of your X-Wing. You throw them down on to the cart, kind of hoping that they’ll hit Poe Dameron’s stupid big head on the way down. They don’t. He pushes the cart until it’s a safe distance away from him and folds his arms over his chest. “It’s a solo mission for a reason,” he says again for the hundredth time since walking out of Leia’s office, “if there’s more than one person there, we’ll grab attention.” You sit back on the hull of your X-Wing. “Let me go then,” you argue, “you’re needed here. Maker knows that you’re important enough.” Poe hoists himself up onto your X-Wing’s wing and gives you a harrowing look. “Don’t ever say that,” he says lowly, in a voice that you don’t hear often from him. It’s enough to turn your gaze back on to the mess you’re trying to fix. There’s a silent moment between the two of you before you hear him say it. “You were meant to go,” he says gently, “I asked to switch with you.” You drop the wrench in your hand. It clatters down the side of your X-Wing and to the ground. It’s loud enough that the pilots and mechanics on either side of you stop what they’re doing and look up at the both of you. “Why in Maker’s name would you do that?” you ask him lowly. Poe runs his fingers through his hair. “I didn’t want you to get hurt.” “That’s banthashit Poe Dameron,” you turn around to face him, “tell me why.” “ That’s why ,” he says forcefully. When he looks up at you, you can see it – the softness behind his eyes. You’re taken back for a second. “I didn’t want you to go out there…and maybe not come back.” You sit there for a minute and think it through. “I can take care of myself Commander,” you say emotionlessly and swing your leg over the side of your X-Wing and slide down to the ground. The mechanics and pilots that had been listening to you both turn quickly back to their own work, one young mech almost pushing over a cart with how quickly he turned around. You storm away from your X-Wing. A hand is on your arm and you swing around. Poe pulls you into his arms. “I love you,” he says hurriedly, getting the words out in one breath. You’re frozen for a minute. “What?” When he pulls away, he still keeps a light hold on your arm. “I love you, and I couldn’t deal with the thought of you going to Jakku by yourself for this mission.” “You…you love me?” you try to ask him, but you don’t think the words around coming out loud enough. The hangar is packed with people and machines. He must though, because he nods. “I have for a while…” The noise of the hangar almost seems to fade away. Poe clenches his jaw. “I understand if you’re not into me, but…I just thought you should know why…” “Who said I’m not?” you hear yourself asking. Poe’s face blanks for a second, but a small smile appears on his face. “Not the greatest declaration of love I’ve ever done, but it’ll do.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Any other prompts/suggestions are gladly welcomed! Chapter 80 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Bad News (Day 5) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge (That I failed almost immediately but shush I'm starting again) Day 5: Bad News - Plasma-blasts rip open the ground around you... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Plasma-blasts rip open the ground around you. You and your squadron are pinned, that’s the only way to describe it. The seven of you crammed together behind a crumbling wall of Nabooian stone. One more blast and it’ll topple, and then you’re screwed. You load another round of cartridges into your blaster and wait. All this battle has been is waiting . But you remember your life before this – you’re a hunter, you were trained to wait. Some of your squadron didn’t know how to. That’s why their bodies are littered in the stretch of road between you and the advancing First Order soldiers. Those left on your team look to you with one last panicked glance. “What do we do Commander?” one of them asks, barely audible over the sounds of blaster-fire. You didn’t know. Maker alive, you had no idea. You’re comm connection to the General and the pilots had been severed. “We hold this street until backup arrives,” you repeat your mission brief to them. If they had this street, they had the government buildings at the end of it. They had the planet. You felt a hand on your shoulder. Spinning back around to face your team, you lock eyes with your second-in-command – someone you had grown up with on the base. “Come on then,” they squeeze your shoulder and grab your holstered hand gun, pulling it out and diving over the barrier. The people gathered in the hallways of the base were pushed out of the way by a gang of pilots, all racing each other to catch up with their commander. “Where is she?” Poe calls out when he rounds the corner to the medical centre. Jess manages to catch up to him and pull him back from the door. Inside is hectic – doctors and medics and nurses all rushing around. “You won’t do her much good by panicking,” she holds his shoulders tightly and makes him look at her. “She’s just as stubborn as you are – she’ll be fine.” Poe breathes in a shaky breath. “Okay…okay.” When he finally gets to sit beside her, he has to hold on to the railing on the side of her bed. She’s banged up, covered in bruises and cuts stitched together that’ll definitely leave scars. He looks down to her hands that are covered in wraps, with wires and IVs coming out of them. He reaches up to brush a strand of hair out of her face. “It’ll be alright,” his says hoarsely, pulling a chair to the side of your bed. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Any other prompts are more than welcomed <3 Chapter 81 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Seperation (Day 6) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge (That I failed almost immediately but shush I'm starting again) Day 6: Seperation - You and Poe were never really separated from each other... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You and Poe were never really separated from each other. When either of you left for a mission, it was only a short walk to the general’s command office for you to be reunited again. Sure, you were both only dots on a large holomap, but it was better than nothing. You stood at the General’s side, listening Baguley to her talking to her other commanders and counsellors. Your eyes were locked on the map though. Poe’s dot on the map blinked rhythmically, like a beating heart. You felt someone bump your shoulder gently. Looking over, you lock eyes with the General. “What do you think, Commander?” You swallow. “I-I…” The General gives you a sad smile before turning back to her counsellors. “We’ll talk about it later.” And with that, they all file out of the room without argument. “I’m sorry, I’m just worried,” you say softly. She folds her arms and stands with you, looking at the holomap. Her eyes go from one dot to another. “I know the feeling. I worry for everyone who leaves the ground of this base.” She looks over to you. “Especially you, you know.” A frown forms on your face. “You don’t have to: I can handle myself.” She laughs. “I know you can. I couldn’t have asked for a better commander.” “He’ll be home soon enough,” she assures you with a warm smile. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Any other prompts are more than welcomed <3 Chapter 82 : Rey/Reader - Miscommunication (Day 7) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge - Day 7 'Miscommunication' Rey thinks that the Reader is falling for Poe. Notes: I'm a terrible human and forgot about this...*sigh* So what did I do? I was sad today, so started listening to Johnny Cash 'Hurt' and wrote a lot. Because that's what I do when I'm sad. I write and cry and write. “I’m not in love with Poe!” You knelt down in front of her, taking her hands in yours. “You and I got off that stupid sandpit together. It’s going to be you and me for a very long time.” Rey looks up at you, some unshed tears still in her eyes. “I thought that you forgot about me.” You shake your head. “I could never forget about you,” you tell her, rubbing your thumb along her knuckles. “I’m not used to sharing you, that’s all,” she tries to brush it off, but something’s still in her eyes, resting behind them. “Poe and I are together a lot because he needed a second pair of eyes,” you reassure her, standing up to take a seat on the bed beside her. Her hand is still clasped in yours. “I’m yours, and you’re mine. We agreed to that when we found each other.” Rey nods firmly, squeezing your hand slightly. “Everything’s different,” she says softly, “since we left, everything seems so foreign.” “Because it is,” you reply, “but, as cheesy as this sounds, we still have each other, don’t we?” Rey laughs. A bright sound that you never get tired of hearing. “Yeah, we do.” You lean forward and press a kiss to her temple. “Now,” you stand up from the bed and hold out your hand to her, “I found this place a few miles away. You’d like it.” Chapter 83 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Tears (DAY 8) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge - Day 8 'Tears' After being captured by the First Order, the Reader is left alone in a cell. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe held your face gently between his hands, his thumbs wiping away tears flowing down your cheeks. “It’ll be alright.” You tried not to look. You tried to focus on just Poe, but you couldn’t help but look over his shoulder at the two Stormtroopers marching into the room. “Poe-” you tried to reach out but your arms are in manacles, attached to the wall behind you. The two Troopers are trying to pull him away again. You know what’s waiting for him. It was meant for you, but Poe being the stupid man that he is, stepped in front of you when they came. He leaned forward and caught your lips in a chaste kiss, one you tried to lean into, but he was being pulled away. The further he was pulled away, the darker and colder the prison cell seemed. One of the Troopers spared you one last look before turning around and sliding the door shut. Everything went quiet after that. Blood was rushing through your ears. Maybe you were shouting, screaming or crying. You didn’t know. Everything was just numb. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Drop on by for a failed attempt at humour and prompts Chapter 84 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Running Out of Time (DAY 9) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge - Day 9 'Running Out of Time' The Reader is running out of time when a fight goes wry. Everything had gone to shit. Red flashing lights lit up your cockpit as you tried swerving out of the way of falling TIE fighters and X-Wings. Shit, shit, shit , you keep repeating in your head, looking around frantically for whose left of your team. Two have been shot down – you heard it. “Green Leader, requesting location confirmation on Black Leader,” you call into your comms. It’s picked up by a few of your team still left. One comm comes through from a black-dotted pilot swerving through the carnage. Jess . You quickly open the link, dodging a falling TIE fighter. “Jess? Jess, where’s Poe?!” Her voice is crackly through your broken equipment, but you manage to hear her. “He’s with Snap chasing down an incoming squadron.” “Maker help me ,” you hiss under your breath. You shake your head. “Stay with me.” You both swerve away from the main fight, knowing that your pilots are good enough to handle this on their own. Jess tails you as you quickly look through the sky – everything’s too crowded, but you manage to spot Poe’s X-Wing. You open your comm again, this time getting through to Poe’s. You hear the end of one of his orders to Snap before he swerves past you. “Poe, we can’t fight them like this,” you call out through the comm, hoping he heard you. There’s a moment of static, but he responds. “My unit will keep them busy, you get out of here.” You frown, and swerve out of the way of a falling TIE fighter. “What? No! Poe-” The sound of your comm being cut off echoes through your ears. “Poe? Poe?!” You see him suddenly dive down, followed by four TIE fighters. One shoots off a round of blasts, two of which clip his wing. You follow him down, aiming your canons to pick off two fighters. Your comm opens up again. “(Y/N)! Get out of here. We’ll handle it.” “Like kriffing hell you will,” you grumble, veering off to the side to avoid an incoming blast. You plough through the falling debris and blasts from both X-Wing and TIE fighters. Poe races ahead, trying to shake off the TIE following him. You line up a shot and manage to clip the edge of its wing, shaking the craft slightly. “(Y/N), I said I have it,” Poe’s voice is in your ear. You ignore it, lining up another shot. With the jolting movements of the damaged TIE, it’s a bit harder, but you manage to lock on a shot and squeeze the trigger. Your X-Wing jolts, sending you forward in your seat, only to be caught by your belt. You snap back to your seat and focus your sight. Red flashing lights illuminate the inside of your X-Wing. Looking out your bay window, you see smoke billowing out of your wings, and a TIE fighter right behind you. You swear under your breath and bring yourself closer to the planet’s ground, breaking into a forest in the hopes of losing it that way, or at least find a place to land. The comm lights up again. “Are you hit?” Poe says, his voice slightly shaking. You grip the controls tighter in an effort to hold your X-Wing steady. “Yeah, but I’m fine.” “Where are you?” “I’m fine, Commander!” Another blast hits your X-Wing, this time one dangerously close to your engines. You hear the failing whirls of it, and it’s then you start praying to the Maker that it’ll hold out for you to land. The controls are shot, you realise, as you try to bank through a series of trees. Some of them, you manage to avoid, but some low-hanging branches slam against your wings. You swear again, feeling your heart hammer against your ribcage. You look around you. The TIE fighter is still after you. You flick open the comm again, a private one to Poe. “Poe, can you hear me?” It takes a second for a response to come through. It’s mostly static, but you manage to make out Poe’s voice. “I can keep as many fighters as I can down here,” you tell him, spotting a number of other fighters dip down below the treeline to help the one following you. You breathe in, eyeing a place for you to crash your X-Wing. The explosion should be enough to take them out- “-ever do something like that, do you hear me?!” “It’s alright Poe,” you tell him, shutting off any other systems that would be taking power away from the engine. There’s a large hill-bank on its way, and from the way the TIE fighters are closely following you, you don’t think that they see it. “Where are you? Please (Y/N), don’t do it.” You rest your head back against the headrest of your seat and take a deep breath. “I love you Poe.” “(Y/N)-” Chapter 85 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Lost (DAY 10) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge - Day 10 'Lost' Poe is left behind and lost. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He wakes up for the fourth time that night. To be fair, Poe doesn’t think he ever sleeps in the first place. His mind is broken – managing to convince him that he’s sleeping, but he’s actually just in bed with the sheets kicked away, staring blankly at the wall opposite him. Piercing cries echo through his room. No light, he thinks, as he uses his hand on the wall to feel his way to the other room. There, waiting for him with a red-face and wet cheeks, is what he’s been left with. A piece of her that he’s left with. A piece of what happened, that he’s left with. He stumbles into the room. “Alright, alright,” he picks up his daughter and her cries subside into little whimpers. He bounces her gently, rubbing her back just like Jess and Rey and Finn do. He felt so stupid asking them all for help. He should know what to do, but he hadn’t a clue. Turns out she knew what to do, and he was just along for the ride. Then she left them. “I don’t know what to do,” he whispers to the empty room. There was a point in all of this where he thought that his room wasn’t empty. She was there. She was always standing just behind him. His daughter seemed to think so as she would always stare just over his shoulder when she was being held. And she would smile something brilliant. “Is mommy here tonight, sweetie?” Poe asks, hoping that it’ll be a yes , and she’s materialised in front of him and help . But she never does. His daughter grabs on to his shirt with her tiny fists. She’s still so small, barley weighing anything. “Okay,” he sighs, walking out of her room into his own. She loosens her grip on him. He lies down on his own bed with her balanced on his chest, her tiny head just resting over his heart. She rises and falls with every breath he takes, slowly lulling her back to sleep. Her cries slowly dissolve into tiny whimpers, and she lets go of Poe’s shirt and sticks her tiny fist against her mouth. Poe rubs her back slowly, wishing that she’d go back to sleep so he can cry. It’s stuck in his throat and the back of his eyes sting. There’s always one point in the night where he just remembers. He could scoff at that. It isn’t that he remembers, it’s that he’s been reliving the whole damn thing since it happened. It’s been haunting him for weeks to the point where he can’t go tot the hangar anymore because of that empty space beside him where her X-Wing used to be. He looks over to the other side of the bed. He still sleeps on one side, terrified to jostle the other just in case he loses that smell of her. Tiny fingers touch his chin and he looks down at his daughter, who’s staring up at him with big brown eyes. She gurgles at him, her fingers trying to grasp his chin. He smiles warmly at her, even though it’s a small one with the corners of his mouth barely turning upwards. He lifts her up slightly, bring her towards his head. She giggles at it and catches one of his curls. The General has been barking at him to get his hair cut, but he just doesn’t have the energy for it. Besides, his kid likes to play with it. Poe presses a kiss to the top of her head and sighs. “Everything will be fine,” he says lowly, to her and to himself. “We’ll be fine.” In some part of his mind, he wishes that she was there, standing in the corner of the room, smiling at the fact that he would be okay. Notes: Blood replaced with wine and Johnny Cash 'Hurt' still playing. #sadsarahiscreativesarah Chapter 86 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Cheating (DAY 11) Summary: JediPrompt's 30 Day Angst Prompt Challenge - Day 11 'Cheating' The Reader learns about what happened on one layover in Poe's past. You hear your name said again. You know he’s standing at the door to your room, hands shoved into the pockets of his jacket and a look on his face. You keep fiddling with a fraying edge of your blanket. Since running back to your room, he let you be by yourself for an hour before coming to your room. He hasn’t said much yet. Not since he told you. “What do you expect me to do, Poe?” you say, staring down at your hands, unable to look at him. “Forgive you?” “No,” he says after a while. It’s heavy. It’s a tone that he’s been using all day. It’s the polar opposite of what you’re used to from him. “I would never expect you to do that…I just….You needed to know.” You know you did. If you had found out from someone else…Maker knows what would have happened. In some part of your mind – the part of you that wants to forgive him, that wants you to turn around and run into his arms – is telling you that you’re thankful for him telling you. In some way…you could believe that. But still. “How long was this going on for?” There’s another pause. “It was only once,” he breathes. “Does anyone else know?” He pauses again. “Snap.” You look over your shoulder to him. “Snap knows?” “He was the one to knock some sense into me before…” “Before what , Poe?” “Before…we got that far,” Poe looks down at his boots. “We…we didn’t… do anything, but…” You frown slightly and turn back around. “I’m sure Snap has floor space for you to sleep on.” Poe pushes away from the doorframe. He nods solemnly before leaving, letting the door close behind him. Alone in your room, you realise how quiet it is without him. BB-8 is charging in the corner of the room, thankfully asleep through all of this. You wonder vaguely if the droid knows. They probably do. You don’t sleep that night. Sometimes your own mind turns on you, spouting nonsense. You listen to it though, and that’s what keeps you awake. You can never tell it no or stop . It’ll stay until the morning, until you can run to the hangar and replace that sound with the ones from the mechanics and their tools. The next time you see Poe, he’s with Snap. You don’t think they see you as you walk out into the hangar, but you see them. Specifically, you see Snap slap the back of Poe’s head and throw his hands up in the air. “You’re an idiot,” Snap tells him, turning around to start repairs on his X-Wing, “and I’ll keep calling you an idiot until we’re both dead.” Poe shoves his hands into his jacket pockets. “Is the violence really necessary though?” he rubs the back of his head. You walk up to the two men with your arms folded over your chest. “He didn’t hit you hard enough in my opinion.” Snap spares you a look over his shoulder and quickly turns around when Poe gives a dry laugh. “True.” He looks sideways at you. “I suppose there’s no point in me apologising again, no?” You look at your boots. “This isn’t the place for it,” you tell him, pushing the toe of your boot against the hard tarmac of the hangar floor. Poe nods. “Right,” he puts his hands back in his pockets and inclines his head to his X-Wing, “I’ll…..never mind.” When he goes, Snap looks over his shoulder to you again. “If it’s any consolation, he didn’t sleep at all last night. I didn’t either.” You raise your eyebrow. “Had to listen to drunk-Poe all night,” Snap supplies. “Scratch that. I had to listen to drunk-apologetic Poe. He’s worse than plain drunk-Poe.” You tighten your arms around yourself. “He still did it Snap…” He drops a wrench into a nearby cart and wipes his hands with a rag. “He didn’t get very far. And I know that doesn’t mean anything, he still did what he did, but…I don’t know what to tell you princess.” You look over to where Poe’s standing. He rolls up the sleeves of his shirt and grabs a few tools to start working. You know that he’ll start now and won’t come back until Snap or Jess psychically drags him away later. You sigh. “Thank you Snap,” you say before turning towards your own X-Wing. “If I can’t slap sense into him, princess, who will?” you hear him say. Chapter 87 : Poe Dameron/Finn & Poe Dameron/Reader - Pretending Not to Care (DAY 12) Summary: The Reader attends the wedding of Finn and Poe. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You barely register Snap sitting down beside you on the tarmac. “Alright,” he sighs, undoing the top buttons of his shirt and rolling up his sleeves. When you look over to him, he claps his hands together. “What’s wrong?” You shrug. “Why would you think that something’s wrong?” He gives you a look. “Because you took off faster than a Bantha at dinnertime,” he says seriously, getting a small smile from you. You look down at your feet resting against the ground of the landing strip. Without any of the pilots or the X-Wings here, it’s deathly quiet. He nudges your shoulder with his. “So what’s up?” You fidget with the hem of your shirt. “Poe Dameron is what’s up. I…I thought that he might have feelings for me, but whenever I ask to do something with him, he always says no or pushes it back. And then Finn comes along and suddenly he has all of this time to spend with him…” Snap nods along while you talk, listening intently and offering the occasional prompt to keep going when your breath starts to stutter. “He doesn’t care, and neither do I,” you finish, folding your arms in an attempt to stop your hands from shaking. Snap snorts. “That’s the biggest piece of shit I’ve ever heard you say.” You look at him. “Snap!” “It’s true!” he throws his hands up. “I’m out here pouring my heart and soul to you, and you’re calling bullshit?!” He laughs, and soon you are too. Thank the Maker for Snap. He claps a hand on your shoulder. “Listen to me Princess. As your honorary big brother, it’s my job to make sure any boy looking your way gets their ass beat.” You lie back down on the tarmac, looking up at the ink black sky and the stars flecked against it. Snap looks down at you. “But the way you look at Dameron and kid…the way he looks at you…it’s something else.” Your heart aches again, the hollowed feeling of it almost cramping inside of your chest. You shut your eyes. “Snap…” “I’m just saying that if you really wanted that man, you can have him just like that,” he clicks his fingers. There’s a moment of silence between the two of you, where the only sound is from the crickets nestled in the grass on either side of the runway. “He likes Finn though,” you say quietly, “and Finn likes him.” “Do you know this for a fact?” You shrug. “I can see it.” Snap sighs. “To be fair, your eyesight is appalling.” You kick at him, managing to hit his thigh with your foot. “Shut up-” “-I mean, who in the name of the Maker confuses a Bantha for a hut?” You try to kick him again but he catches your foot and pushes you away. You sit up again and wrap your arms around your knees. “Do you want to head back in?” Snap nods to the entrance of the base. You can still hear the noise from the party. You shrug. “I guess.” Snap puts his hand on your shoulder again, giving it a reaffirming squeeze. “If it’s any consolation, you’re the strongest person I know.” You laugh. “Temmin Wexley, do you say that to every lady?” Snap shrugs. “I don’t know,” he looks at you, “If I meet one I’ll let you know.” You punch him in the arm. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 88 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Break (DAY 13) Summary: Poe has nightmares. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It always happened at one in the morning, just after the shift change of night guards. Poe would always shuffle around in his sleep. He’s just a restless person. He can’t sit still in a chair – always moving his leg or tapping his fingers on his thigh. But this is different. When the night rolls in and the pilots have a chance to sleep, it happens. You’re a light sleeper, so when it happens, you’re awake for it. Sometimes you wake up before it, and that’s honestly worse. You can see his face scrunch up in fear, a deep frown resting on his brow. Maker knows what’s going on in his head, or what’s been left in there. You don’t sit up or move a lot. Movement will make him lash out. He’ll think whatever is in his head is with him. All you can do is watch him and wait. When he does wake up, that’s when you move. You catch his hand reaching out for nothing, holding it in your own. “It’s alright, everything’s alright,” you tell him over and over again until he’s calm again. You never know when that’ll be. Sometimes it’s immediate, sometimes it takes an hour. Tonight is one of the shorter ones. He tries to bolt up off the bed, but you already have a hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay, Poe. You’re with me in D’Qar.” He looks at you for a second. “W-Where?” “The Resistance base,” you tell him softly, reaching up to brush a sweat-soaked curl from his forehead. “Ileenium system, Outer Rim Territories.” Poe frowns slightly. “I thought…I thought I was still-” “-No you’re not,” you make him look at you, “you’re here with me now.” He nods after a while, seemingly making peace with that in his head. He lies back down against the pillows, sighing heavily and shutting his eyes. “I’m sorry for waking you up.” You lie down beside him, pillowing your head on his shoulder. “Silly pilot,” you wrap your arm loosely over his chest, “it’s alright.” Notes: My Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 89 : Rey/Reader - Drifting Apart (DAY 14) Summary: Rey and the Reader are drifting apart. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There was always something. You had a flight, or a mission, or training. She was just gone most of the time, with Skywalker Maker-knows-where, practising. Whenever you happened to have time together, it was brief. Someone would always call either of you away. It had gotten to the point of you yelling at Snap one time when he tried to interrupt you both. “What are we doing?” Rey asks you one night, facing each other on your bunk, buried underneath blankets because D’Qar’s winters were bitterly cold. You’re taken back by it. “What do you mean?” Rey clenches her jaw – something she’s always does when something’s bothering her. You take her hands in yours and interlink your fingers. “I’ll be going with Luke again.” “I know.” “And you’ll be going to…” “Naboo,” you fill in. Rey nods. “We’re never around for each other anymore.” It’s a horrible truth that’s been settled in your mind for weeks, slowly taking over your mind until it’s been thought about all of the time. You swallow the lump forming in your throat. “What d’you think we should do then?” You already know the answer. “I’m sorry,” Rey whispers. In the silence of your room, it’s deafening. You frown. “You have nothing to be sorry for,” you brush a strand of her hair out of her face. You let your fingers trail over her cheek. There’s a small cut there from a training session with Finn. You remember that day – how easily Rey can flip someone with just her spear and her own bodyweight. “What do we do now?” she asks simply, looking down at your fingers catching her chin. “I don’t know…I’ve never had to do this before,” you frown. Rey nods slightly and sighs. “We’ll be okay though?” “Yeah,” you reply quickly. “Of course. We’ll be just fine.” Notes: My Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 90 : ANY SHIP - Regret (DAY 15) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You watch them from the side of the hall. Standing next to Snap and Jess, you’re quiet. Unnervingly so, Jess already pointed out. You shrugged her concerned comment off with a shrugged shoulder. You’re happy for them, really, you are. But there’s that nagging feeling in your heart. You could have had him for yourself. You should be the one standing there with him, not him. You shake off the thoughts in time for the general to pass you. You offer her a small smile and take a glass of wine she hands you. “Temmin and Pava, I think you should get yourselves on to that dancefloor,” she smiles at them both. Jess pushes off from the wall, taking Snap’s hand and dragging him away, ignoring his protests. You’re left alone with the general. She leans back against the wall beside you, taking a small sip of her drink. “Something’s wrong, isn’t it?” You look down at your glass. “Tell me,” she prompts. “Just regrets,” you shrug, taking a small sip of wine. The temptation is there to down it in one gulp, and fetch more and more until this feeling goes away. The general reaches out and takes your free hand in hers. “I know what you’re thinking, and it won’t work. Nothing will, for a time anyway. You just need to weather it, and eventually, you’ll look back at all of this and think nothing of it.” You look at her for a minute and huff a laugh. “Yeah, I don’t think so.” She shakes her head. “It’s that or I’m dragging you to Dr Lyon in the morning.” “You wouldn’t.” The look on the general’s face says that she definitely would. “I’ll deal with it,” you manage to convince her. Notes: My Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments an prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 91 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Forgotten (Day 16) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Poe visits D’Qar, it’s only ever for one reason. The war ended years ago. The old tarmac of the land strip missing cracks of its road because of blasterfire, some of the buildings of the base crumbled and wrapped with vegetation. It’s the only thing still alive on the planet anymore, and Poe is strangely glad of it. They won. He wouldn’t be still standing here if they had lost. That’s to say that everyone did. The General died off planet only a few weeks after the war ended. A new Republic formed from her memory – full of people wanting desperately not to let any of the past repeat itself. Poe was invited to sit on the council, a position he refused for years until his daughter took it. Senator of Interplanetary Defence. A fancy title for “make sure none of this happens again”. He shoves his hands deeper into his jacket pockets. The planet is cold – it’s winter season is starting to set in – but everything is still so green. He walks through the base, almost bumping into a few ghosts that remain on the planet. He’s old now, surely losing his mind, but he swears that he can see some of them. He can still hear them. There’s a place in the forest that’s long forgotten about. It’s just as abandoned as the rest of the planet. When the war was over and everyone had their own lives to return to, or start marking, they left for good. Who would want to return here anyway, with so much memories still etched into the ground of the planet? When the forest stops, it stops in front of a cliff face overlooking one of the planet’s main lakes. The small strip of bare land separates the edge of the cliff from the forest, and it’s where Poe stops. The breeze shakes the long grass that’s overgrown there, swaying it from side to side gently. He takes on step out onto the plateau and has to force a lump in his throat back down. “I-I’m…I’m sorry,” he starts, looking down at his worn boots. When he looks up, he looks at the piece of wood jutting straight out of the ground, just before the drop of the plateau. Etched onto it is her name. “I didn’t mean to forget, but…” he rubs the back of his neck, “I…I don’t really have much of an excuse, do I?” He walks out a bit more, eventually lowering himself down on to his knees just before the piece of wood. He pretends not to hear his joints cracking when he settles himself on to the ground. He sighs heavily, feeling years of tension leave in one heavy breath. “I’m so sorry my love,” he puts his hand on the top of the board, “I’m here now.” A breeze blows over the plateau, wrapping around him. It should be cold, it’s coming off of the surface of the lake, but he doesn’t feel the cold anymore. He looks out on to the lake. It’s a beautiful sight, the one place they would always go together. When she died, he knew exactly where she would like to be buried. “ Maker love, there’s so much I have to tell you,” Poe breathes, looking back down at the grave. Sprouts of green grass are poking through the stones, with the stones themselves being layered in moss. Poe lets another cool breeze glide over the plateau before he shifts slightly. “Where do I even begin?” Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and requests are always welcomed! Chapter 92 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Sacrifice (DAY 17) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The only warning you had were the sirens. You dodge the oncoming people, frantically trying to get back into the base and down into the bunkers below. You have your son in your arms, clutching tightly to your neck. You already have your flightsuit on and your comm in your ear. You can hear your team calling for you. “Give me a minute!” you shout back at them. When you get to the doors to the bunkers, you lock eyes with one of the medics form the centre. She runs towards you and takes your son from you. “Get out there,” she tells you quickly, “the pilots are trying to pull them back – over the sea and away from land.” Your son whines when he’s puled slightly from you, tightening his hold around your neck. “Mommy-” You untangle his arms from around your neck. “Mama and Papa have to go sweetheart,” you press a kiss to his forehead. “We’ll be back before you know it.” You nod to the nurse. “This is Abi. She’s going to play with you for a bit while we’re gone.” It seems to do the trick, as your son goes peacefully from your arms to Abi’s. She gives you a firm nod of assurance before joining the others in the bunker. Once the door is shut, you spin on your heels are run towards the hangar. Your X-Wing should be there and started, waiting for you to hop in. “Green Leader?” you hear Poe’s voice through the “Caleb is fine, he’s with Abi and the others,” you fill him in, climbing up to your X-Wing and hopping into the cockpit. Poe sighs. “Thank Maker.” Over the comm you can hear the fire between the X-Wings and TIEs. You can’t see it on the strip anymore so you have to presume that he’s drawn them out on to the water. “We could really use your help here.” “I’m on my way,” you switch on the controls and soon you’re off the ground, being pulled up into the air. The squadron of TIE fighters that got to D’Qar is dispersed within a few hours. Once you and Poe scattered the squadron they were easy to start picking off. You trudged back through the halls of the base, people clapping you and Poe on the shoulders as they pass. Caleb was sound asleep when you picked him up from Abi. You silently thanked the Maker that the bunkers weren’t touched. Curled up in Poe’s arms, his own clutching on to the lapels of his father’s flight suit, your heart aches slightly. Poe sees your frown and stops you outside your room. “Everything okay?” You reach out to take your son from Poe. Caleb whines slightly, but wraps his arms around your neck once you hold him to you. “Just thinking,” you offer simply, and step into your shared quarters. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 93 : Poe Dameron/Reader - A Small Lie Spirals into a Big One Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe found out that by telling a lot of small lies, he could avoid telling big ones. He started with mission lengths – “it’ll only be a few days” and it was always a few weeks. A “few weeks” then meant “a few months”. “Everything will be fine. I’ll make sure to be safe” turned into Poe being in the medical bay for anything from a few cuts and bruises to having almost every bone in his body either cracked, fractured, bruised or broken. It saved him from saying the truth. Sometimes missions would take months, or sometimes, in the middle of blast fire, he would make the decision there and then to make sure she knew that he was okay. On more than one occasion though, those small lies turn into something bigger. The medical droids try to give them space and leave them alone, but with the open space of the medical wing, it’s hard. “How did you think that this would be okay?” Poe sighs, trying to regulate his breathing through what you know is multiple cracks in his ribs. He shifts slightly on the bed, looking over to the other side of the room. “I didn’t want you worrying.” “That’s banthashit Dameron and you know that,” you sit forward on your bedside chair. Under the lights above the bed, you can see the bruises starting to deepen their colour. “Stop telling me everything is fine, Poe. Start telling me the truth.” He looks over to you. “I do-” “-No you don’t, and I can see it Poe,” you sigh, “you’ll tell me that everything is fine and I know it’s not. Yeah, I’ll worry, but you worry for me when I go out on my own missions.” A droid appears at the door, motioning to the monitors attached to Poe’s arm. When you turn back to him, he’s looking softly at you. He reaches out with his good hand, the one not wrapped in bandages and a cast, and takes yours. “I’ll try.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 94 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Missing in Action (DAY 19) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Pilots were always tracked. In the command centre of the base, on a large holoimage of airspace, blinking dots were scattered around. Just above them were the pilots’ surnames and their condition. You stand near the general, running your eyes over the map. Where are you Poe? Every dot you pass isn’t him – Wexley (Active), Pava (Active), and Asty (Critical). The general is beside you, with an unreadable expression on her face and her arms folded in front of her. The counsellors are nearby, always near her just in case decisions need to be discussed. In the years that you’ve lived here, you know that she’s never had listened to them. They’re pointless. The map lights up with more First Order IDs. There’s more red than blue on the map, and you feel your stomach drop as you search for Poe. “Sometimes the IDs don’t work when the map is flooded,” Kaydel tells you over her shoulder. She turns back to navigating the map for everyone in the room. When she looks over her shoulder again at you, she gives you a reassuring smile. Poe doesn’t come home with the other pilots. You run out on to the landing strip, hoping to see his X-Wing there with the others. You see Jess first, with her arm bandaged and held closely across her chest. Even through the chaos on the ground, she manages to look straight through everyone to you. “Where’s Poe?” you say as you walk towards her. Snap appears and catches your arm. He’s wearing the same look Jess is. “Wexley, where’s Poe?” Your throat starts to close as a sob leaves you. Snap pulls you into a tight hug as medical drags Jess away to get checked over. You don’t know how long you spend crying into Snap’s chest, but he keeps rubbing your back, assuring you that Poe will show up. You eventually end up back in your room with the order from the General to take a few days off. Snap stays at your door as you fall into bed, suddenly exhausted from crying. You bury yourself underneath your sheets and turn towards the wall. “Comm me if you need anything, okay?” he stays at the door for a second before calming stepping out. It takes almost two weeks for any information to come through. You went back to work within the week, calming walking into the command room with a neutral expression on your face. Kaydel stiffened at her control system, almost standing up to tell you to go home, but the General had put her hand on her shoulder and let you go to your station. You typed out new coordinates for the flight teams. A new mission had just been sent out to the teams and you were helping Snap navigate an uncharted strip of space. “There should be an asteroid field up ahead,” you tell him, swerving the map and looking at the field. “If you need it for cover, it should be fine. Be careful though.” “Got it,” Snap replied, swerving through the asteroids, “thanks princess.” The General keeps looking at you, you notice. Every time you look up from your monitor she’s staring at you from the other side of the large circular table. Your monitor flashes with a new message, wordlessly sliding it open. It was probably Snap- You freeze at the sight of the sender’s name being Unknown. Location: Unknown. You slide open the main message, feeling your legs start to shake when you read it. It’s short, but you know exactly who it’s from. “Lasan, Lasan System. Alive and well.” You look up to the General. “Leia,” your voice cracks slightly. She hurriedly walks around the table and joins you at your station. “It’s Poe. I know it’s him.” She looks over to one of the flight directors. “How long would it take to travel to Lasan?” The pilot, an aged man who knows the systems better than anyone, thinks about it for a moment. “Two weeks there, two weeks back,” he says simply, “that’s if it’s a priority, General.” “It is,” she says. “Leave for Lasan immediately.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 95 : Finn/Reader - Trying and Failing (DAY 20) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You tried tightening the last bolt only for another spark to erupt from the droid’s head. BB-8 lets out a high-pitched whistle and swerves their head to look at you. “I’m sorry buddy, but it has to be fixed,” you patted the droid’s head, “Poe said.” The droid whistles lowly. You return to the bolt, determined to fix the damn thing. It’s gotten to the point where it’s starting to bug you that it’s not being done as easily as you hoped. You start tightening the bolt again only for a voice to come from behind you. “Why are you torturing BB-8 like that?” You let go of the wrench and look behind you. Finn is standing there, arms crossed and head tilted. “Poe said BB is having troubles picking up radio frequencies,” you explain, pointing to the loose bolt, “it’s a simple problem that’s easy to fix.” The look on your face must tell Finn all he needs to know. “You need any help?” he sits down on the ground with you, but in front of BB-8 so the droid has someone to look at. You shake your head. Finn and BB-8 start talking and for a minute, you feel the bolt start to give. You start turning it with a bit more force, until the wrench slips from your hands and a spark erupts from the droid’s head again. “MAKER HELP ME-” BB-8’s chirps cut you off as you slump down into your stool. Finn picks up the wrench and hands it to you, ignoring the droid’s protests. You pat their head. “Have a break 8,” you tell the droid, pointing a finger at them, “but come back . I don’t want to have Poe looking for you again.” The droid glides off into some part of the hangar, weaving through X-Wings and their mechanics before going from your sight completely. Finn tilts his head. “Here,” he hands you the wrench. You take it wordlessly. “What’s up?” “I’m not a fan of not being able to do something,” you mutter, dropping the wrench into your toolbox. Finn looks between it and you before he lets out a breathless laugh. “Maker you’re funny,” he says with that bright smile of his. “You’re joking, right?” You shake your head. “I dunno,” you crack your fingers, “whenever I can’t do something I just…I should be able to do it. It’s such a simple fix!” Finn reaches out for your hands, stopping your nervous habit of cracking your knuckles. “I’ll help you,” he says gently, or as gently as he can in the middle of the hangar amongst all of the noise, “not that you need it of course.” You frown slightly. “Hey,” Finn nudges your shoulder with his, “none of that. You’ll have this fixed in no time!” You let out a sigh before cracking a smile. “Okay,” you nod firmly, “okay let’s do it.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 96 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Unrequited Love (DAY 21) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Love is a weird thing,” Jess tells you from her hull of her X-Wing. Why you agreed to help her fix it at 4am is beyond you, but you have a feeling it’s about the conversation she’s about to spring on you. She sits back and brushes some strands of hair away from her face. “So, you love Poe-” “-Jess-” “-But he doesn’t love you-” “-When you say it out loud it hurts so much more, you know that right?-” “-I say move on,” she shrugs. She swings a leg over the hull and slides down to the ground, landing on her feet perfectly. She dusts some dirt off of her tank top before folding her arms over her chest. “Love is the worst thing that could happen during a war, princess. It gets into your head and makes you crazy.” You shove your hands into your jacket pockets and sigh. “I don’t know why I come to you with these problems.” Jess wipes the last of the oil off of her hands before putting them on your shoulders. “Do yourself a favour and push it away. War does nothing for love.” You look at Jess for a second before stepping away. You reach for the toolcart and pull out a welder. Jess looks over your shoulder and takes your hand. “Come with me,” she says, bringing you to the back of the X-Wing. You look over where she was a moment ago and feel the blood run cold in your veins. It’s happened a few times – you see Poe with people fawning over him, and you feel something start building up in you. It’s never anger or sadness or anything you can simply identify. The feeling always leaves within a few minutes, and then you get numb. You feel Jess squeeze your hand. “Move on,” she tells you quietly as you watch Poe and one of the other pilots stand closely together, their arms wrapped around each other as they’re talking to the others. “It’ll be hard, but it’s for the best.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 97 : Ben Solo|Kylo Ren/Reader - Missed Chances (DAY 22) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There was just no point anymore. He couldn’t hear you. Ben was still standing there, amidst the wind and snow, staring at you. But it wasn’t Ben. It was someone else. You sheathed your lightsabre, unable to fight him anymore. You couldn’t. Even though he didn’t look like Ben anymore, that darkness was radiating off of him, there was a slight sliver of Ben left in his eyes. Eyes that bore into yours through the blizzard. You put away your lightsabre and hold up your hands. “I won’t fight you Ben,” you say softly, knowing that even over the roaring of the wind, he can hear you. His frown deepens and he growls low in his throat. “Yes you will,” he points his lightsabre towards you, the red light hissing and spitting against the snow. “Whatever point you need to prove is meaningless Ben-” “-I am Kylo Ren-” “-Snoke will kill you anyway!-” “-I am a Knight of Ren and you are my enemy,” he said it again. He’s been saying it since you found him in the forest, weapon bared and bleeding from his side. He’s been repeating it over and over again. Your eyes softened. “Ben,” you tried poking into his head, but his shields are up. You look over his shoulder to Finn lying motionless on the snow. You look back to Ben. For a split second, you see Ben for s brief second in his dark eyes, staring back at you before he’s pulled away and replaced with Snoke’s monster. Unarmed and alone you stand as tall as you can. “Kill me if you need to,” you say simply, letting your arms hang heavily at your sides. Ben tilts his head. “If Snoke is more important to you than me, show him – you’ve already killed your father, why not kill me too?” You shut your eyes as soon as you hear Kylo roar over the sound of the wind, the sound of snow crunching underneath boots as he starts charging for you. You wait for the hit – for the pain of a lightsabre hitting your body, but it doesn’t come. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 98 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Neglecting Love for Duty (DAY 23) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Whenever Poe Dameron had to leave for a mission, the days before he would leave would be awful. He had a habit of shutting himself off, especially with people he loved. It didn’t happen for some missions – they were the ones he knew he could come back from. The harder ones, the ones that only he could go one, the ones that the general always pulled him aside at meetings to talk about…those were the ones that you hated. You help him pack the last of his supplies for the mission. In one of the knapsacks you pack a few cans of food and canisters of water. The clothes he had on him – that jacket you loved to see him in, a loose dark shirt, trousers and heavy leather boots – would be fine until he got to Serenno. You tie his bag shut, happy that he has everything he needs for the journey. He hasn’t said a word since coming into the room. You already started packing for him. “Serenno is covered with forests and mountains,” you tell him, handing the bag over. He takes it wordlessly. “It’s like D’Qar, in a way.” He doesn’t look at you, instead at other parts of the room or down at his boots. You ignore your heart aching and roll up the sleeves of your shirt. You would need to get back to the medical wing in a while. Kalonia offered to cover you while you packed with Poe. You reach up and frame his face with your hands. “Stay safe,” you whisper, leaning up to kiss him gently. You sigh when you feel one of his arms go around your waist and pull you towards him. The bag in his hand drops to the ground as he brings his other arm around, hugging you tightly. When you pull away, his eyes are screwed shut and he’s breathing heavily. “Hey,” you nudge your nose against his, “it’ll be okay.” He opens his eyes slowly. “I’m sorry that I do this,” he whispers, resting his forehead against yours. “I..” “It’s okay,” you reply. His commlink beeps from the bed, lighting up with a call for him to come to the hangar. Your heart sinks in your chest. He hugs you again, almost crushing your bones. “I’ll be home soon.” You kiss his cheek. “You better.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 99 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Shock Confession (DAY 24) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Red team, report on position,” you manage to sit up, resting your back against one of the base’s walls. The lights above you were flickering, shutting off every so often when another blast hit. You had done your job, now you were waiting on the others. “Blue team available, Red Leader,” Jess’ voice comes through the comm in your ear. You smile faintly at the sound of her voice. “Are you alright Red Leader?” You breathe a few deep breaths. “Yeah Pava, I’m okay.” Looking down at yourself, you pull your hand away from your side. A blaster managed to hit you, hitting your abdomen. Blood is seeping out, staining your clothes. The pain has ebbed away, replaced by just shock and numbness. You rest the back of your head against the wall of the hallway. The ceiling rumbles as another blast hits the base. The corridor, littered with downed Troopers, is barren except for you. You take a deep breath, it hitches only when the pain starts to seep in. “Kriffing hell,” you look down at your abdomen. You hand is wet with blood. It’s starting to drip down to the ground. “(Y/N)!” You lift your head blearily, managing to make out Poe standing at the bottom of the corridor. He swears under his breath and runs over to you, hopping over the soldiers littered along the way. “What did they do to you?” he frames your face with his hands, wiping away a stray trickle of blood running down your temple. “They didn’t touch me,” you reply softly, noticing how frantic Poe’s eyes look as he looks you over. When he sees your blood stained abdomen he looks back up at you. The ceiling rumbles again. The lights flicker, with some of them sparking and staying off. “Go, they’ll need you,” you push at Poe’s arms. He shakes his head and gets his arms around you. Poe tries to lift you up, but the pain is too much. “Stop! Poe, please stop,” you grab the collar of his shirt and sob into his neck. He lowers you both to the ground and pulls you close to his chest. “Hush, you’re alright,” he combs his fingers through your hair, looking around frantically at the corridor. No one has come through for a while. The only ones that were there were the Troopers and they all lie dead around you. “Poe,” you whisper shakily, feeling the outside of your vision starting to slip away. Everything feels heavily and you lean a bit more into his body. “Poe, please. Go.” He fishes out his commlink and gets Jess. “Black Leader requesting extraction-” “-Poe-” “-of me and Red Leader,” he presses on, “Red Leader is in a critical condition-” His voice starts to fade away from you as your eyes start to slip shut. He shakes you slightly. “Stay with me princess,” Poe says, moving slightly until he’s sitting on the ground with you across him. The arm you have around his neck is heavy, and your barely able to feel or move your fingers. “Go,” you whisper, “please.” “I’m not leaving you here alone,” Poe holds you closely, the commlink still in his hand. You can barely make out Jess on the line barking out orders to the pilots. “I won’t leave,” you hear Poe say over and over again. “I love you too much to leave now.” You manage to open your eyes again. “What?” He tilts your head up with a finger underneath your chin. “I love you,” he says simply, leaning down to touch your forehead with his. Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts gladly welcomed! Chapter 100 : Cassian Andor/Jyn Erso - Sleepsong Summary: 100 chapters, 130,120 words. Oh dear. For the 100th chapter I didn't want to do what I did for the 50th and write something from me because what I said back then is still relevant now. I cannot believe people read these, but I am so thankful for every single one of you. What I did want to do is write something for Rogue One. I saw it the other day and it's so good. 10/10. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Jyn has always had a problem with sleeping. Sometimes it’s nightmares, sometimes it’s the setting. The labour camp was too loud and some of the planets she goes to are just too quiet. So she wanders. How they got of that beach must be a miracle. She remembers hearing Chirrut mumbled about the Force on the way back, something Baze eventually started mumbling along with him. Now on Yavin, everything seemed unreal. The sounds of X-Wings lifting off of the ground seemed dulled and the chattering of people around her was muffled. She just didn’t feel like she was there. To fight against sleep, she walks around the base. Some of the pilots that pass her congratulate her. It’s been an endless stream of that since they landed on the base. She shoves her hands into the pockets of her jacket and walks through the hallways, taking random routes and not really going anywhere. She ends up at the medical wing, or at least, outside of it. She looks in through the windowpane and watches carefully. Medics and nurses flood around, still caring to the last of their team. “You should be sleeping,” a voice says. Jyn turns around and sees Cassian. He looks just as tired as she feels. “I think you need it more than me,” she fires back, looking down at his torso. He’s wearing his loose tan-coloured shirt, but she knows about the bandages underneath, wrapped around his chest and abdomen. Cassian reaches out and holds her elbow. “Come on,” he leads her away and back through the hallways. The base is complicated, but Cassian knows his way around. They avoid the way she came, that being the main hangar. Out of all of them, Cassian got the biggest of celebrations. They gave them all bunks near each other, on the same strip of hallway. When they reach her room, Cassian gestures to her door. “Get some sleep,” he says quietly. It’s late, and not a lot of people are out on patrol. When she thinks about how late it actually is, and how long she’s gone without sleep, tiredness sets into her bones. The inside of her room is dark. The sheets on the bed have been kicked off, a result of her fidgeting throughout the early hours of the morning. Cassian waits by the door. “I’m not going until I know you’re asleep.” She can’t help the smile that tugs at the corners of her lips. “You seem awfully concerned, captain.” She doesn’t miss the slightly flicker of something in his eyes. “I just want to make sure you’re okay, that’s all.” They stand there for a moment, Jyn in the middle of her room and Cassian at the door. It’s not awkward though, these moments between them. “You need sleep too,” she says, not as jokingly as before, but something more serious. “You need to be okay too.” They’re both tired – not just physically, everyone on this base is tired in that way. But the things they’ve seen and gone through, everything they’ve both lost, it’s wearing away at them slowly. Jyn is the one to step forward. “I…” she frowns, trying to figure out her words. “I have trouble sleeping.” Cassian smiles faintly. “You don’t say,” he says, but allows her to continue on. “I’ve always had nightmares,” she says lowly, sitting down on the edge of her bed, “they’re real now. They’re memories. I can see Jedha and Saw. I can see my father.” That’s when her voice wavers slightly. Cassian steps into the room, keying in a passcode for it to close behind him. For someone so strong, he’s never seen her crack throughout all of this. Even with her father, she was still so strong. He can see her beginning to crack now, though. “They won’t leave me alone,” she says, looking down at her shaking hands, “I can’t sleep because…every time I close my eyes, I can see everything.” She looks up at Cassian, now standing in front of her. His eyes are soft and his mouth pulled downwards. “I understand,” he says lowly, stepping to the side and sitting down beside her. “It comes with war.” One of the captain’s hands is bandaged. She reaches out to take his good one. She remembers how warm his skin was on the beach, when the flames were cresting on the horizon and she was sure that they were going to die. “I won’t be able to sleep on my own,” she mumbles, “can you stay?” Cassian looks over at her. “You don’t have to,” she says when he doesn’t respond. “I just-” “-It’s fine,” he replies. He gets up and gestures to the bunk. Jyn shuffles backwards until her head is on the pillows. It’s still strange sleeping in a bad. She’s been in bunks that have been slabs of rocks or wooden planks with a stretch of fabric on them. Being on a mattress is unusual. Cassian sits at the bottom of the bunk, resting his back against the wall. He grabs the blanket on the ground and pulls it up on to the bed. Jyn takes is slowly, giving Cassian a look. “You need to sleep too-” “-I can sleep just fine here,” he says, resting the back of his head against the wall and folding his good arm over his chest. The end of the blanket he throws over his legs. Jyn buries her nose into her pillow, willing sleep to come. The presence of another person usually helps. When she was younger, she slept in a hut with her parents. After that it was with Saw. She’s always had someone she could trust, and then a long period of time where that wasn’t the case. “Sleep will come better if you stopped thinking,” Cassian says dryly. When she looks down to where he is, his eyes are shut. His head rolls to the side and he looks levelly at her. “It’s not helping with you just sitting there,” she says. After a minute, she shuffles to the edge of the bunk, leaving a space between the wall and her open. “Come on.” He looks at the space, and then her. “We’re just sleeping,” Jyn says, pulling the blanket up to her shoulder, “it’s hardly a scandalous affair, captain.” She smiles into her pillow when she hears him starts to move around. He shrugs off his jacket and toes off his boots. With his injured arm and chest, it takes a while for him to get comfortable. “Goodnight captain.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Requests always welcomed! Chapter 101 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Broken Heart (DAY 25) Summary: Shifting the focus from the Reader to Poe, I wanted to see how he would deal with a broken heart. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Leia tried getting into the cabin, but had the same result as everyone else: a locked door impossible to move. Snap, with is arms folded over his chest and his head hung, sighed again. “It’s been weeks.” Leia types in another code combination. Again, rejected. Snap steps forward and keys in a code, only for it to be rejected too. He sighs heavily. “Maybe we should leave him alone.” Leia stares at the door. “He’ll tear herself apart in there.” He reads it as I need to be with him . He steps away from the door with raised hands. “Alright,” he sighs. The hallways is quiet, thank Maker. He doesn’t want to be yelling at people to leave. Leia knocks on the door this time, three raps against the door and waits for a response. Snap leans back against the opposite wall and waits. And waits. And waits. There’s shuffling from inside and Snap’s bristles slightly. The door cracks open, not all the way, but enough for him to see a small sliver of Poe inside. He’s in one of his old shirts, the one he wears around the hangar for repairs. His hair is messy, curls poking out in every direction. But it’s his eyes that shock Snap the most. They’re bloodshot and red, with dark circles underneath his eyelids. Leia reaches out to the edge of the door, wrapping her fingers around the edge to keep him from slamming it shut again. “We need to talk,” she says softly. It’s a part of the general not many people see. Snap looks down the hallway and tries not to listen. He doesn’t hear exactly what Poe says, but it’s clear to him when the door closes again. Leia steps away and folds her arms over her chest. “He can’t suffer alone forever,” Snap says quietly, hoping that Poe is still by the door to hear him. Leia looks at him for a minute before nodding. “We’ll try again in a few hours,” she says, holding herself a bit taller than she did walking down here an hour ago. She places her hand on Snap’s shoulder. “Come on Temmin, there’s planning to do.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and requests gladly welcomed! Chapter 102 : Han Solo/Reader - Leaving on Bad Terms (DAY 26) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Sometimes Han left without saying anything. Sometimes you did the same. It was just something that worked. Before the sun could rise, or when you were sure that he was deep asleep, you would climb over him, out of your shared bunk, and get dressed. You would always sling your scout rifle over your shoulder, using your other to carry your knapsack full of supplies. And then you would go. Sometimes Chewie saw you leaving, but he never said anything to Han, only that you appeared to be gone. You always turned up after a few months. Han was the same. The Outer Rim Territories where the only place where smugglers could work without interference from the outside. Although the Territories was enormous, you still managed to run into Han every so often. Sometimes, though, you wouldn’t leave peacefully. “You seem to be doing just fine without me!” you threw your blaster down on to the Falcon’s living space’s table. “Run back to the rebellion if you’re so unhappy with all of this then!” Han threw up his hands. “I didn’t ask to be part of this, sweetheart,” he argued back, but keeping his voice level, “a kid and some old guy wanted a ride and offered to pay for it.” You yanked open your knapsack, stuffing it with spare clothes and some supplies. “I needed you here with me, not running around the galaxy fawning over some princess.” There’s a moment where Han doesn’t say anything. But you hear him chuckle. “Are you jealous?” Your head whips up and you glare at him. “Jealous? Are you even listening to me Solo?! I just lost out on a big job because you weren’t here to back me up!” Han’s stupid smirk doesn’t leave his face as he crosses his arms over his chest. “We’re loners, sweetheart. You don’t need me. You’ve proved that in the past.” You tied up the strings of your pack and grab your rifle. “Go fuck yourself, Han Solo,” you storm passed him, making sure to bump his shoulder. He doesn’t stop you. You don’t hear him follow after you. Chewie is outside the Falcon, walking aimlessly around the ship while it’s still parked by a cantina. The Wookie looks up at you as you hop down on to the coarse sand ground. “I’ll see you around buddy,” you say as the Wookie hugs you tightly. (A/N: I love Leia. I love Leia more than I love myself. I needed plot.) Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comment and Requests welcomed! (I do love Leia, I needed plot D:) Chapter 103 : Poe Dameron/Reader - One Recalling the Past after the Other's Death (DAY 27) Summary: Shara is making an appearance here as an independent strong woman defending the galaxy and being just lovely. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Shara laughs just like her. They’re both on the couch of his house, nestled away on Yavin IV, away from the fallout of everything her fought for. “She did what?” she tries to stifle her giggles behind her hand. Poe chuckles. “She punched him right in the face. Why do you think his nose is crooked?” Shara laughs again, and Maker it’s something he’ll never get used to hearing. When it subsides, she smiles warmly at her father, and it’s in that moment – when the warm, orange, mid-evening sun of the planet hits her face that he can see it…he can see her again. “She was just as crazy as you then?” she asks, bringing her legs up to rest on the couch. Poe raises an eyebrow at her and she toes off her shoes with a shy smile. He smiles and laughs a bit breathlessly. “Yeah, she was.” She looks over to the holoclock and sighs. “I should be going.” “You can stay here if you want? Your old room is exactly how you left it.” She smiles sadly at her father. “Thank you but I’m needed back in the office. You know, you would have been a brilliant politician.” Poe laughs at that. “Your mother and I won the war for you. It’s your turn now to make sure you don’t mess it up.” When she reaches the shipyard, she thinks for a minute while her ship is being refuelled. Everyone he knows is gone. Snap, Jess, Karé. Her mother – that was the one that hit him the hardest. She doesn’t know if he’s even recovered yet. She doesn’t like leaving him here on Yavin, alone and without someone in that big house with him. If she had a choice, she would drop her job and spend his last years with him. She looks over her shoulder at him. He’s doing that thing again – hands shoved into his jacket pockets, looking down at his worn boots instead of at her. “Papa?” she says slowly. He looks up to her, and she sees it. That little flicker of something in his eyes. He opens her arms and brings her into a tight hug. It’s almost crushing, but she wraps her own arms around him in a tight hug back. “I’ll be back in a few weeks.” “It’s not soon enough, princess.” Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Requests gladly welcomed! Chapter 104 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Guilty (DAY 28) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I’m sorry,” you say to him when the Troopers leave. The darkness is still inside your head, tendrils wrapping around your mind and tugging you away from the Light. He manages to lift up his head. You hated seeing him like this, but the darkness wouldn’t let you think straight. Wearing your Knight robes, you’ve never felt further from him. “I know you’re still in there,” he says slowly. Under the faint light overhead, you can see how much has been done to him already. Bruises have already begun to colour underneath his eye and is nose. Blood is streaked down his face and seeping out of his mouth. You want to walk forward and wipe it away with your gloves, but the voice stops you. Remember who you are, girl , it hisses at you. Remember what will happen if you forget . Poe just stares at you. You want to shrink back into the darkness of the cell, or at least have one of the Troopers outside take you away. But you can’t. “I’ll bring you home one of these days,” he says as he lowers his head again. Blood drips down on to the clean ground. “Leia misses you.” The name resonates in your head, battering itself against the darkness trying to wrap around you. “Leia?” you whisper, voice wavering slightly. Poe doesn’t look up again, but mutters underneath his breath a prayer about the Force. The doors to the cell slide open. “Leave us, my Lady.” You step away and let Kylo pass. Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Requests are welcomed! Chapter 105 : Poe Dameron/Reader - Kept Apart (DAY 29) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ten days. She’s been alone for ten days. Nothing has happened to him, she knows that. He’s too important for them to just get rid of. The idea of that alone is enough to drive her insane. She remembers him being taken away. How it only took two of them to drag him from the wall and out the door. She’ll always remember the deafening thud of it closing. Not his shouting at her to stay strong, or to keep quiet, but the door closing. So she stares. Whenever she’s awake, she stares at the door, hoping that they’ll bring him back. Whenever she hears footsteps outside the cell, she thinks it’s them bringing him back. It never is. When she sleeps, it’s not deep. The faintest noise always wakes her back up. She can feel tiredness settling into her bones, dragging her into unconsciousness anytime she stops thinking and lets her mind stay quiet. He’ll be back, she reminds herself. He’ll come back with a plan, and then everything will be fine. That’s what helps her sleep at night. She’ll just have to keep waiting – alone. Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Requests gladly welcomed! Chapter 106 : Cassian Andor/Jyn Erso - Moonlight Majesty Summary: A Tumblr Anon requested a first kiss between these two. (there's also dancing because I'm a sap in need of happiness right now) Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “You’re heart rate is substantially elevated Cassian. Would you like me to inform medical?” The captain looks over his shoulder to K2. “No, no. It’s fine.” The droid shifts slightly. “An elevated heart rate is serious Cassian. It could be a sign of a number of medical illnesses-” “-It’s fine K,” Cassian repeats himself, and goes back to watching the party unfold in front of him. War is a serious business, full of despair and loss. The counsellor knows this better than anyone, but still insisted that a celebration be held. As soon as he and his crew were back on Yavin’s soil, they were swept up by crowds of rebels. The drinking and celebrating began then, and even a few hours on, it didn’t seem like slowing down. Cassian and his droid keep to the side of the main hall. It isn’t enclosed. Yavin’s monuments don’t have doors, but instead, rounded stone arches and doorways. Moonlight spills in through the slats in the walls serving as windows. Electric lanterns are lit and dotted around the hall, hidden mostly in between people clustered together. “It’s above 90.” Cassian looks over to the droid. “What?” “Your heart rate Cassian,” K2 replies as monotone as a droid can manage, “it’s above 90. That’s warranting a visit to medical-” “-I hate to say it, but K’s right,” Jyn says as she rounds a corner and steps into the hall. She, like the rest of them, has lost the clothes she arrived here in for new ones. It’s still a loose shirt, fitted trousers and boots, but he can’t help but look at her for a second more than he intends to. “The last thing I need is two of you mothering me,” he says when he manages to kick his brain back into action. Jyn smiles and it hits him that it’s the first real smile she’s worn around him. There’s always the smirks and the ones she wears a round the others, but he can see through them. She’s just as broken as he is – he knows what it’s like to have to pretend. The droid looks between the two of them, until his gaze settles on Cassian. “…Oh. OH!” And the droid walks away, retreating out of the hall completely. Jyn watches K2 leave. “What was that about?” He shrugs, making a mental note to start rewiring the kriffing droid before the night is up. “Who knows? Probably faulty wiring.” Jyn nods and looks at the main hall itself. There’s a gathering of people in the middle, dancing with each other. The Rebellion has gathered a wide range of species for its cause, and there’s a wide range of dances and music being performed. Some of them Cassian has never even heard or seen before. “I never understood celebrating during a war,” she says, leaning her back against the wall. Cassian has been doing the same since he got here. He looks over at her. “True, but at least we have a foothold now.” The smile lingers. “Yeah, I suppose. We still have a lot of fighting left to do though.” “A small victory is still a victory,” he says simply, nodding to the groups of people dancing together, “and in something as depressing as a war, it’s to be treasured.” She looks up at him. “Spoken like someone who knows what he’s talking about.” He nods simply and watches. The counsellor has remained, drifting between groups of people and talking. Without her robes, she looks like one of them. No one is in uniform. The pilots, who usually live in their flightsuits, are all in civilian clothes. It reminds him of home, in a way. The music changes and Jyn suddenly bristles beside him. “My father loved this song,” she says lowly as a slow sombre song is played by one of the band’s members. A few of the people start pairing up with each other and remain in the middle of the room while the others disperse back into the crowd. Jyn pushes away from the wall and takes a few steps towards the main floor. “When we were hiding, he used to play it on this old radio we had.” She’s staring at the dancers and turns back to Cassian. She holds out her hand to him. “Come on,” she inclines her head to the centre. Cassian stares at her outstretched hand. “I don’t dance,” he says simply, determined to stay right where he is. Jyn shrugs. “Well, I don’t either so we can embarrass ourselves together.” He still doesn’t take it. She reaches forward and takes his hand instead. “It’ll be fun.” Cassian raises an eyebrow at her, but she pulls him away from the wall. A few people lined around the centre let them pass, a few pilots giving Cassian noticeable looks. Another verse of the song picks up, a little bit faster than the others, and the people around them keep with it. They reach the middle and Jyn spins back around to face him. His hand automatically goes to her waist. She shakes her head. “Not like that captain,” she takes his hand away and wraps his arm around her waist. “It’s a close dance.” She holds his other hand firmly as they join in with the others. He remembers how warm her skin was on the beach. It’s hotter now, clammy slightly like his own. They move both around and with each other. He’s felt strong emotions for people in the past. Every time he’s had the right headspace for him to shut it down and leave. He’s trapped here. He’s trapped by her. The way her eyes are locked with his as they spin around again, slowly stalking each other as they join the other joined-up people. The song stops with a final flourish from the band, and the other dancers stop to applaud them and for it all to start again. They’ve stopped dancing. He should pull away from her. He should go back to his wall at the side of the hall and will whatever is going on in his head to go away. He doesn’t though. “Nicely done captain,” she says, not looking away from him. He can see it in her eyes – the same fear that must be in his. “Not too bad yourself,” he manages to get out. Another dance starts up around them, but neither of them move. “Jyn…” he breathes, looking from her eyes to her lips. He lets go of her hand to tilt her head up by her chin. She steps up on her toes and presses her lips to his. It’s soft and not as long as he was hoping. He opens his eyes when she pulls away, but their noses are still touching. There’s a brief moment of panic in her eyes. “Cass-” He leans down and captures her lips with his, using the arm he has around her waist to pull her closer to him. She wraps her arms loosely around his shoulders. She pulls away again when more people flood on to the dance floor. Keeping his forehead against hers, he gives her a lopsided smile. K2 stands with Bodhi to the side of the hall. “What do you think?” the pilot says, folding his arms in front of him and looking up at the droid. “His heart is going to give out if it beats any faster.” Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Requests always welcomed! Chapter 107 : Cassian Andor/Jyn Erso - Mi Estrellita PART 1 Summary: A Tumblr anon requested a pregnant Jyn telling Cassian. I, of course, went completely overboard and wrote a lot. But hey, it's fluff. Much...much needed fluff. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Jyn didn’t think it was possible to be scrutinised by a droid, but K-2SO continues to prove her wrong. Maybe it’s the fact that she knows what’s wrong in her head, but she could do without the looks she keeps getting from the droid. For someone with an emotionless facial plate, he’s the most expressive droid she’s ever met. “Is everything alright?” he asks her. The question alone is enough for her to look up from her holopad. “Yes,” she says slowly, “everything is fine.” It’s like that for a few days. It’s become an often occurrence, so much so that Cassian picks up on it. He sits on the edge of their shared bed and picks up his shirt. Why captains have early morning calls is beyond her, but it’s the way the rebellion conducts itself apparently. He pulls his shirt on and looks over his shoulder to her. “You and K are getting close,” he says, looking around on the ground and underneath the bunk for his boots. “The debriefing with the princess will only be a few minutes,” he tells her, finding his boots and pulling them on. She watches him from further in on the bunk, still warm underneath the blankets she’s pulled up to her shoulder. One quick glance to the holoclock on the opposite wall shows that it’s still pretty early. When she looks back at him, he’s smiling softly. “Are you coming?” She buries her face into the crook of her arm and mumbles something akin to five minutes . He stands up and leans over the bed, pulling down the blanket enough to press a kiss to her bare shoulder. “Five minutes.” When the door closes behind him, Jyn throws the sheets off of her and stumbles to the bathroom. The cabins of the barracks are small, but each has a small bathroom attached to it. Maybe it’s because Cassian is a captain, or maybe it’s in all of the bunks on this side of the barracks, but she’s glad for the bathroom’s size. She’s had to leave the bed to throw up for a few days now, on only a few occasions could she climb over Cassian’s body without waking him. She sits on the bathroom floor, bringing her knees up to her chest and wrapping her arms around them. She couldn’t deny what was happening now. There was this thought in the back of her mind she noticed that she was late. It happens occasionally, so she didn’t think anything of it. But no, not now. She couldn’t deny it now. She’s young. Twenty-one, almost twenty-two in a few moon cycles. Cassian, although older than her, is still young too. She found out from him one night that he’s twenty-six. She rests her chin on her knee. The droid scrutinises her. “Does he know?” She turns on her heel to face K2. He’s so much taller than she is, towering above her, but he does step away when she turns around. “No, and he won’t know. Not for another while, at least. So shut up.” K2 tilts his head. “I was just inquiring about your health. Forgive me for trying to be friendly.” She folds her arms over her chest. “I’ll tell him, eventually.” The droid nods once. “I advise you to do it soon, preferably before you start to show-” “- K2. ” “I will not insult you by asking is it his-” “-I swear to the Maker-” They have a ritual at night. The barracks are hellish, full of noise and movement and it’s often too much to handle on a normal day. Now, she wants to kill anyone who strays too close to her. When Cassian comes back from his meeting with the senator she holds out her hand. “Come here,” she mumbles into her pillow. Cassian shrugs off his jacket and laughs lightly. “I’m only after coming back,” he lets his jacket drop to the ground and he toes off his boots. She’s already wrapped up in most of the blankets they have. Yavin has warm days and cold nights, and more often than not, all of the blankets are needed. He lies down with her, letting her use his arm as a pillow and wrapping the other around her. “What have you been doing lately?” he asks quietly, mindful that in the cabins, the lack of noise is deafening. “I don’t get to see you around.” She buries her face into the crook of his neck. “Nothing,” she mumbles against his skin. His bread scratches but it’s something she’s used to know, and something she’s come to love. The voice is back in her head, the one that’s been bothering her for a few days and even a few nights. It occurs to her that a few minutes have gone by and she’s said nothing more. Cassian hasn’t said anything either, instead, burying his nose into her hair and holding her to him. The voice remains, filling up the silence in her head. Tell him, tell him now . She swears it’s K2’s voice in her head, replacing her own. She looks up at him. They’re faces are close to each other’s. Cassian gives her a lazy smile, leaning in to rub his nose against hers. “I’m pregnant,” she breathes out, terrified to say it any louder. At that moment she tucks her head back under Cassian’s chin, not wanting to look at his face. It’s out though, it’s out in to the open air. He’s tensed slightly, she notices. “What?” The only thing she can do is tighten her hold around him. “You heard me. Don’t make me say it again.” He hooks a finger underneath her chin and tilts her head up to look at him. Cassian just looks at her for a while, but it’s the look he wears in the conference rooms. The look he wears when he’s trying to figure out if people are telling him the truth. “Is that true?”” he says lowly, his face unreadable now. “Are you really?” The corners of her mouth pull down into a frown. “Why would I lie?” she asks honestly. She can see him clench his jaw, but his eyes soften. “Is that where you’ve been? Dealing with this on your own?” She shakes her head. “No, no. I’ve…been thinking,” she says. The arm he has around her waist pulls her closer to him. “ Mi amor you should have told me,” he presses a kiss to her forehead. She closes her eyes and lets her feel the familiar warmth that flows through her whenever he does that. It feels like home, something she’s gone without for so long. It took so long for her to put a name to the feeling. Cassian isn’t a hook-up on some planet she’s been to once and gladly forgot about. He’s part of her now. They went back to their ritual, just lying in their bunk happy to listen to the rhythmic beating of the other’s heart. She can tell that he’s trying to process it. Maker, she’s trying to process it. Whenever she tries to think about it, she’s always so scared. She tries not to be. Saw taught her to be brave even when she was scared, but this was something different. “So…” Cassian eventually mumbles, and she wants to hit him. It was so quiet until then, so much so that she was starting to fall asleep. “Tell me your thoughts.” She laughs breathlessly against his neck. “My thoughts? I want to know yours.” Cassian rests his chin on the top of her head and sighs. “Well, I’m happy,” he says, “shocked, but happy.” She thinks about it for a while. “I’m happy too,” she says, not feeling her mind shout back at her for lying. She isn’t. “ Scared , but happy.” He brushes a lock of dark hair behind her ear and kisses the top of her head. “It’s alright to be scared mi amor , you don’t have to be brave all of the time.” “The rebellion is your life,” she reminds him, “you’ve said it yourself. I don’t want you to throw it all away.” “I wouldn’t be,” he says, biting the inside of his cheek. “I wouldn’t be for you, for them.” She frowns and looks down at herself. It’s still too early for her to show, but she knows that they’re there. “An intelligence officer can work anywhere,” he tells her, pausing momentarily, “I’ll talk to the senator about it. If it’s okay with you?” She puts her hand on his chest. Through the thin fabric of his shirt, she can feel his body heat. “It’s fine with me,” she says, “I’ve done my bit of this war. It’s up to the rest of them now.” Settled in a small colony on Naboo’s plains, they both watch the war start to come to an end. The house itself is fitted with everything they could need, including a holoscreen that Cassian constantly has on. The news coverage of the war is widespread, but it’s Naboo’s broadcasters who they follow. Jyn sometimes watches it too, in the early days of them moving into the house. In the few months that follow, she would always come up behind Cassian and wrap her arms around his shoulders, pulling him back to her. It became impossible when her bump started to grow. They still had their ritual of lying down together at night, just in silence. Since she started showing, Cassian makes a point of including their baby too. Lyra Erso-Cassian is born during a storm because of course she is . Their house isn’t far away from a nearby village which houses a few doctors and medics. One of them, a woman called Nina, made a point of visiting every two or three days during the third trimester. She was the one to help bring Lyra into the world. She was born screaming and wailing, immediately finding her lungs. She’ll apologise for crushing his hand later, but he doesn’t let her go. He’s sat beside her since the first contraction hit, and now almost five hours later, he’s still there. Nina wraps Lyra in a pale yellow blanket and hands her gently to Jyn. Once in her mother’s arms her cries become whimpers, eventually stopping when Jyn starts talking to their daughter. “Hello Lyra,” she whispers shakily. They both agreed with the names, Galen or Lyra. Saying them aloud is still something that makes her voice shake and crack. Cassian rubs her back, helping Jyn support their daughter with his other arm. “ Mi estrellita ,” he whispers. Nina leaves almost an hour later, wishing them the best and promising to come over the next day to check on them. Cassian walks her to the door and watches her leave. The house goes back to being silent. When he gets back to their room, he pauses at the door and watches Jyn. She gently rocks their daughter. Although she came into this world screaming, Lyra is asleep now, a tiny hand holding on to Jyn’s finger. “Baze and Bodhi will be happy,” she says, shifting her gaze up to Cassian. “They bet on her being a girl.” Cassian laughs and leans against the doorframe. “They did.” He walks into the room, careful about his steps. He goes back to sitting on the top edge of the bed, letting Jyn rest against his side and wrapping an arm around her. Looking down at their daughter sleeping peacefully wrapped snugly in a blanket, he tries to swallow a lump forming in his throat. Jyn looks up at him. “Well?” she rests her head against his chest. “She’s perfect,” he mumbles. “You need your sleep. I can take her.” Jyn only nods and carefully hands Lyra over to her father. She winces as she shuffles around on the bed, attempting to lie back against the pillows propped up against the headboard. With Lyra comfortably in his arms, Cassian leans down and kisses Jyn slowly. “Get some rest, mi amor .” He isn’t surprised that Jyn falls asleep almost immediately. Her hair is loosely tied up, with strands sticking to her forehead. He’s never seen her stronger than a few hours ago. He leaves the bedside lamp on, but turns off the room’s main light, and walks out into the hallway of their home. He walks slowly, careful of his daughter in his arms. She’s shuffling around beneath the blanket. He makes it to the living room before she starts to whimper. “Shh, shh,” he rocks her gently, holding her close to him. She’s so small, smaller than he thought she’d be. She gets an arm out from the blanket wrapped around her and grabs on to the fabric of his shirt with tiny fingers. He remembers looking after younger siblings, helping his mother with the family while his father was away. Every bit of information is retained from that, even know, as he continues to rock her back to sleep. He’s humming something, he notices, a lullaby that his mother used to sing. It’s then that it hits him like a blaster shot. All of that family was ripped away from him when he was six. He looks down at his daughter, barely an hour old, and the lump comes back to his throat. “That won’t happen to you mi estrellita ,” he promises her, “you’ll have me and your mama.” The storm outside has receded into heavy rain, pattering against the glass windows of the house. A soft rumble of thunder sounds from outside, but nothing loud enough to wake Lyra. “I swear that we’ll protect you,” he promises, “you won’t be alone.” Notes: My tumblr! yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Requests gladly welcomed! Chapter 108 : Cassian Andor/Jyn Erso - Mi Estrellita PART 2 Summary: Holiday fun with the Erso-Andor family. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Cassian spent his whole life with the rebellion, and with that came years of dealing with difficult scenarios. He’s prepared for anything. He’s been in cantinas with the galaxy’s roughest when a fight breaks out. He’s avoided a few patrolling Stormtroopers, once with a broken leg and a mouthy Nothing could have prepared him for dealing with mornings with an energetic five year old. He’s been awake for a while, comfortable underneath the additional blankets they’ve had to use because of Naboo’s winter. All the warnings he has are the sound of hurried footsteps in the hall outside and Jyn smiling softly, moving closer to him, and whispering “brace yourself captain”. The door to their room flies open and within seconds, another body has joined them on the bed. Lyra giggles as she climbs her way up to her parents, wedging herself between them. “Good morning,” Jyn wiggles out an arm from underneath the blankets and throws it across Lyra, cuddling the child to her. “Why are you up this early?” Cassian looks out their window and he knows why. “It’s snowing!” she giggles, pointing to the large bay window in their room. The ground outside is completely white with trees’ branches being weighed down with snow. “Papa promised that if it snowed we could go out in it.” Cassian pulls up a blanket at the end of the bed and throws it across Lyra. “We will, but it’s still early.” The sun is only just coming over the nearby hills, casting the sky into shades of purples and light blues. Lyra pulls a face and tries to get out of the space between her parents. “You promised!” Lyra’s hair is just as unruly as both of theirs, strands sticking out at random places and falling on to her face. She tries to climb on to Cassian but he manages to catch her in his arms and put her back between both of them. “I’ll take you later, mi estrellita ,” he mumbles, trying to get back to sleep. The moment he closes his eyes, he feels a small hand on his face. “You promised Papa!” Lyra, being only five, has learned a lot about her parents. Specifically, her dad cannot resist the Eyes . They’re dark and round, and in the right light, flecked with spots of amber and green. When Cassian opens his eyes, he sighs. She’s using the look against him. “You did promise Cass,” he hears Jyn mumble beside him. One look at her face and he scowls at her. Even with the blankets pulled up to her nose, he can still see a smirk on her face. He sighs. “Okay, okay,” he pushes the blankets off of him and tries to get up. Lyra scurries off of the bed and races down the hallway to grab her boots, yelling to hurry. By the time he’s wearing the warmest clothes he has, he walks over to Jyn and presses a kiss to her temple. “I don’t know how long this will take,” he shrugs. She smirks at him. “You’ll be lucky to even come home at all.” She grabs the blankets at his side of their bed and pulls them to her. “I’ll be right here when you get back,” she sighs happily. Cassian tries not to think about bringing in a handful of snow to throw at her. When Lyra is a bit older, they move to the capital. The war is over, but it doesn’t feel like it. Maybe it’s because he knows nothing else but fighting, or the fact that there are still reports of planets not conforming to the fact that the rebellion won. They try not to have those news reports on when Lyra is in the room. Cassian switches the channel over quickly when she wanders into the kitchen. “When’s K2 and the others coming?” she asks him, standing beside him at the marble-topped counter while he prepares dinner. “Baze said that they landed an hour ago,” he answers her, looking up to check the clock on the wall, “they should be here soon.” Lyra nods and looks around the kitchen. Their house is in the middle of the capital, where the rest of the retired fighters live now. It’s a large townhouse standing at three stories high. It’s too much room; Jyn told him when they first moved in. Lyra already ran off up the stairs to call dibs on her room while her parents just stood in the middle of the, then-bare, foyer. She folded her arms over her chest and sighed. With only them and Lyra, it was too much space. Cassian remembers trying to play it off by saying that they needed a big family to fill it out – a statement that was met by a raised eyebrow from Jyn. To fill the space, they try to keep their friends around. Once the war ended, and their fight was done, they went to various corners of the galaxy. The doorbell rings and Lyra’s perks up. “Is that them?” she asks Cassian, a smile spreading from ear to ear. “It might be,” he smiles down at her. Jyn answers the door and he can hear them talking from the kitchen. Lyra disappears, moving quickly through the ground floor of the house until she collides into Baze. The mercenary lifts her easily into the air and back into his arms. “Look at you! How big you’ve gotten!” Jyn leads them through the hallway and into the kitchen. Bodhi steps away from the group and wanders over to Cassian. “Do you want help?” he asks, gesturing to a few uncut vegetables. “Yeah, thank you.” It always shocks him on how little they’ve all changed. The only physical change with Bodhi is that he’s cut his hair – something Lyra was upset about because she always used to braid it for him. Baze and Chirrut still stand close to each other, occasionally brushing their hands together when they think no one is watching. He looks over Bodhi’s shoulder at Baze and Lyra. Perched happily on the mercenary’s shoulders, she’s telling Chirrut about her new school. “She’s growing up quickly.” He turns back to Bodhi. “Too quickly,” Cassian replies, putting the pot on the cooker. Bodhi stays with him in the kitchen, telling him about his new life on Bespin. He’s happy for them all. Cassian wanted nothing more for them. They weren’t meant to fight in Scariff. They all just encountered each other in Jedha and got stuck together. He feels arms wrap around his waist and a small body press to his back. “You’re thinking again,” Jyn hooks her chin on Cassian’s shoulder, watching the assorted pots and pans of food. “Thinking is a good thing,” he replies easily, turning his head to kiss her cheek. Jyn hums simply. He would be lying if he said that they don’t think about it, all of it: Scariff always being in the back of their mind, even years after. He thinks that if they kept travelling, kept going through the systems until they reached the very edge of the Outer Territories, Scariff would still be on their heels. She leans up to kiss his cheek. “Everything is fine,” she tells him seriously, but her eyes are soft in a way that only he can see. He catches her chin between his thumb and index finger and kisses her lips. Both of them never got to celebrate holidays like these. Cassian was in a war by the time he was six. Fest didn’t have many holidays, but he remembers some times of the year where his family would get together and have meals. They’re the only memories he has left of his home and his family. Ever since then he’s been constantly on the move, not able to even notice the holiday season because of the travelling. Jyn lost her family by the age of nine. Like Cassian, she has vague memories of the holidays but never celebrating them. She lived on Coruscant for a few years after Krennic took her family away. She never celebrated. There was nothing to celebrate. Lyra, though, Lyra has a huge family. It’s her parents, her parents friends, and a droid that constantly keeps her on her toes. Cassian was the one to suggest annual meals between all of them, leaving their jobs and past together at the door and just enjoying themselves. The presents are only a tradition because of Chirrut giving Lyra a necklace one year, something she’s continued to wear in the years since. Around the table now, they’re still talking. No one has mentioned the war, no one has mentioned anything of what has happened before. It’s something that relaxes Cassian slightly. In those moments he can forget about it all. Lyra eventually falls into his lap, played out by Bodhi and Baze chasing her through the house. He forgets how small she actually is, and it takes moments of her wrapping her tiny arms around his neck for him to remember. He meets Jyn’s gaze. “I’ll put this one to bed then,” he says, standing up and trying not to move Lyra too much. He bends her down slightly for Jyn to kiss her on the cheek. The others say goodnight to her. Walking up the stairs with her in his arms is easy. He’s been doing it for years. She tightens her hold on him when they get to the first landing. “Papa,” she whines, knowing where she is. He shush her gently, rocking her as he walks to her room. It’s almost twice the size of the one she had on Naboo, filled with toys and clothes and trinkets on shelves from abroad missions. He reaches down to her blankets and pulls them away from the bed. She grabs on to the lapels of his jacket and whines. “I want to stay up with you and Mama.” He laughs and puts her into bed, brushing her dark hair away from her face. “You’re exhausted,” he manages to get her to let go. “Everyone will be here in the morning.” “Promise?” she asks through a yawn. “I promise mi estrellita ,” he replies. It takes all but two minutes for her to go to sleep. He leaves her bedside light on, something that they always have to do. The lights from the city aren’t enough to keep the monsters away, she told them both once. They’ve kept a light on ever since for her. He quietly walks out of her room, leaving her door open slightly. He turns off lights on the landing as he goes. The house has a lot of spare rooms, rooms that the others will surely be sleeping in. He installed a recharging port a few years back for K2 after he insisted on staying with them. He runs into the droid at the foot of the stairs. Coloured bits of tinsel are flecked on to the droid, with a circlet of it on the top of his head. It’s something Cassian’s only noticed now. It probably explains why K2 and Lyra disappeared for thirty minutes. “Your daughter insisted on making me into a festive tree,” he explains. It takes everything Cassian has not to crack a smile. He’s going to have to praise Lyra for it in the morning. “She probably got the idea from your wife.” The words still get to him – daughter and wife. Something settles in the pit of his stomach when he hears the words, even years later. He hears someone burst out laughing from the doorway of the kitchen. He finally lets the smile appear when he sees Jyn holding her stomach. “Oh that turned out so much better than I thought,” she smirks. “Yes, yes,” K2 waves a hand at her, “it’s all very funny. Now can someone remove these pieces of glittering paper from me?” Jyn walks forward, holding a glass of water. “Lyra might want it during the night,” she explains. She takes one more look at K2 and laughs again. “Absolutely dashing,” Jyn giggles, weaving past both of them to go upstairs. “A real improvement.” Notes: My Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com COMMENTS AND REQUESTS GLADLY WELCOMED Chapter 109 : Bodhi Rook/Reader - Nightmares (General) You’ve become a light sleeper by instinct. Years spent on various planets have made you into someone who wakes at the slightest sound in a room. When Bodhi’s breathing changes one night, you aren’t surprised that you wake up. You turn your head to face him. He’s frowning, eyes sealed shut and breathing heavily. Everyone on Yavin has nightmares, but only a selected group of them talk about them. You turn around to face Bodhi, gently pulling back the blanket from him so he has room to move. “Bodhi,” you say softly, placing your hand gently on his face. When he wakes up, he bolts upright, moving to the wall at the side of the bed. “Shh, it’s me Bodhi,” you keep your hand on his cheek and make him look at you. The recognition flashes through his eyes. “You’re on Yavin, with me.” You can see it coming back to him slowly. The blind white panic slowly ebbs out from his eyes, replaced by something warm. “I’m sorry,” he pecks a kiss to your noise. His voice is cracked slightly. “Go back to sleep.” You sit up against the headboard, ignoring the look he’s giving you. “Come here,” you open out your arm for him to lie against your side. When he rests against you, you comb your fingers through his long hair. He’s said on so many occasions that he’ll cut it. “I’ll be right here.” When Bodhi falls back asleep, you stay awake. Your shift will be on in an hour, so there’s no point going back to sleep. You watch him closely, making sure that his nightmares stay away. Chapter 110 : Cassian/Jyn - Undercover (General) Summary: Jealous!Jyn is jealous. She’s thankful that the kriffing droid isn’t here. Maker, he’d have a field day with her emotions. The cantina is the last place they wanted to end up, but according to their lead, it was where one of the defectors frequented. After they had taken the plans for the machine and sent them out into the galaxy, Jyn wasn’t surprised to hear that a lot of the empire’s soldiers started dropping like flies. A few appeared on Yavin begging to be part of the rebellion. Some disappeared into the galaxy, with most going for the Outer Rim planets for their distance away from the main fighting. She watches them from a booth to the side of the cantina, holding a glass of ale between her hands. It’s taking everything she has to stay in that booth and look away from the bar. But she can’t help the odd glance over every so often. She always scorns herself when she does. Maker she can hear K2’s voice in her head. He’d tell her that jealousy is irrational, that it’s such a human trait that causes problems. The woman, someone Jyn supposes isn’t much older than herself, holds herself like an empirical soldier. Her back is ramrod straight, shoulders back and head held high. She knows little about the woman, just that she’s a commander of some kind. They’ve been careful since getting here. With the plans gone out to the galaxy, they’re names are everywhere. Jyn’s seen a few murals and posters of their team in cities they’ve visited. All it’s done is painted a red bullseye on them all. But the woman here, from the way she’s smiling and giggling and laughing with Cassian, she doesn’t seem to recognise him. So Jyn keeps to the booth at the back, watching carefully with her hand grazing her blaster at her hip. She kriffing hates cantinas. He doesn’t look like himself, she thinks as another hour or so goes by. He’s shaved and gelled his hair back. For something as small as that, he changes completely. The emptied glasses that are on the bar signal that this damn mission will be ending soon. Jyn admires the woman – anything Cassian has gotten her, she’s put away with no problem. The man has a thing for alcohol, Jyn found out a few weeks ago. She still can’t remember the night. None of their group can. Her fingers go to her blaster when she sees the woman take Cassian’s hand. He looks down between them and smirks, nodding towards the door that leads to the back. Jyn stomps down on the feeling that settles in her stomach. It’s for information , she has been telling herself since they left for this mission. In hindsight, she shouldn’t be feeling like this. She’s done the exact same thing for other reasons. She’s been in Cassian’s position, putting on a false face and doing anything to get something from someone. But the feeling only gets worse when Cassian leads her away from the bar, wrapping an arm around her waist and leading her through the crowd of the cantina to the nearest door out. She should leave now. Their ship is with the others on the landing strip, where K2 still is doing whatever it is the droid does when Jyn and Cassian are gone. She really doesn’t want to go back to him, to listen to the droid rattle on about her jealous. For a droid, he’s a remarkably smug thing, especially where Jyn is concerned. “You’re back early,” K2 drawls when she steps up into the ship. She tries not to roll her eyes. “Where’s Cassian?” “You know damn well where he is,” she replies, it coming out more curtly than she anticipated. Being in a confined space with the droid doesn’t last long. Cassian comes back after an hour or so, hair messed out of place and noticeably a bit flushed. “Everything went well?” K2 says when Cassian steps up into the ship, wrenching the side door shut and locking it. He hums as a response and leaves it there. Fishing a small computerised card out of his jacket pocket, he hands it to Jyn. “This has the troops movements on it,” he says, shrugging off his jacket. She tries not to look at the red marks on the side of his neck. “Thanks,” she says, going to the other end of the ship and putting the card into her bag. She can fell his eyes on her, following her movements as she throws her bag into a baggage store above them and sitting down on the bench. She silently reaches for the belt to strap over herself. The sooner they’re off this planet the better. She hears him walking over to her. “Hey,” he sits down beside her. “Is everything okay?” She fidgets with her belt. “Yeah, everything’s fine.” “She’s lying,” K2 chirps from the cockpit. Cassian looks back to her. “Is it about-” “-Cass please-” “-Because it was just a mission Jyn-” “-K2 can you get us going, please?” Jyn calls to the droid. He remains still in his chair. She’ll have to do some rewiring of her own in that head of his. She clenches her jaw when she feels Cassian take her hand. “I love you ,” he tells her, brushing the back of his finger over her cheekbone. It’s a soft touch, one that he’s always done whenever she’s upset or annoyed. He presses a kiss to her forehead. She knows that that probably won’t be the first time this happens. They’ll both be doing things that they’ll hate, all for the sake of a fight they both desperately want to win. “We should get going,” K2 says from the cockpit, “that is, if you two are done with your moment.” Chapter 111 : Cassian/Jyn - Growth (SPOILERS!) Summary: The development of their relationship. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Jedha is a shell of itself. The stories she’s heard about the holy city painted it as towering buildings, clear streets, smiling people. What she finds isn’t that. The taller buildings have been torn down, their rubble littering the streets already packed with people wanting to get out. She shoves her hands into the pockets of her jacket, something that would be a lot easier to do if the Captain didn’t insist on holding on to one of her arms. The crowds were so dense; she supposes that it would be easy to lose each other. It wouldn’t be a loss she thinks to herself. She can find her father on her own. Or, better still, steal a ship and fly as far away from this system as she can. They pass a holoscreen, announcing that a missing cargo pilot is within the city. Jyn looks sideways at Cassian. “Is that him?” He looks young, but then again, she’s just reached her twenty-first birthday. Cassian doesn’t seem that much older. The captain looks at the screen and sighs. He doesn’t reply, but continues to weave their way through the crowds. She keeps her hood up and her head down, wishing for Cassian to get on with whatever he has to do. The city is too crammed. He walks them towards the temple. Like the rest of the city, it’s walls are cracked and crumbling, with its flags tattered and torn and pulled down to the ground. A few monks are gathered among the crowds outside the temple, watching Stormtroopers wade through the crowds. “My contact is inside,” he lets go of her arm, “stay here.” She tries not to make a face or roll her eyes as he leaves. Alone among the bustling crowds, she tries to elbow her way towards a wall so she isn’t swept away. It’s not anger, but it’s not fury. She’s never been like this before, experienced something like this before. She’s numb. “You’re in shock,” he tells her simply, pulling off his wet jacket and throwing it into a storing cabinet. The others stay quiet behind them. “You’re in shock and you’re taking it out on me.” Maker she wants to punch him in the face. She wants to tackle him to the ground and keep hitting him until he’s bloodied. His words resonate in her mind – he didn’t pull the trigger, and he had every opportunity to do so. It didn’t change the fact that rebel fighters were dispatched to the base. It doesn’t change the fact that her father is dead, buried beneath rubble of that damn research facility. She balls her fists at her side. He’s talking to her about his own past, but she’s not here. She’s somewhere else, staring him down and trying to keep her fists by her sides. She knows that they’re going back to the barracks. Her father is dead, trying to keep the empire from winning. She’s going to do the same she decides in that moment – when she truly starts to believe it. He wouldn’t have died for nothing then. The meeting with the generals went as well as she’d expected. Some part of her mind told her that she wouldn’t be believed. She had some people on her side though – she’d have to remember those ones. When Cassian appears in the hangar almost ten minutes later with an amassed group of pilots and soldiers the feeling in her chest returns. She doesn’t do anything to shove it away. He tells her what she’s already suspected – how he’s given his whole life to this fight, that if he was to run away now he would never be able to face himself again. The nodding heads behind him tell her that he’s not the only one who thinks like that. He’s changed, she realises. Or else she has. She doesn’t know anymore. But when they break away, when he walks towards her and gets a bit too close, her heart aches. She has to look over his shoulder to avoid his eyes. She couldn’t look at his eyes now. She’s still thinking about him when she sends the plans. How he fell and crashed against metal beams on his way down to a mesh platform. Every time she blinks, she can still see it. But her hands are shaking, the fingers around her blaster going numb with adrenaline. Please listen , she hopes, please, whoever you are out there, listen . Krennic appearing at the top of the tower didn’t shock her. She merely steps back and wishes that her father was here to see what she had just done. It’s in the Director’s eyes. He knows exactly who she is. The realisation drawing across his face isn’t hidden at all. For that moment, she shuts her eyes. She’s done her job. The plans are out and with someone above them. But she can’t help the sharp intake of breath that occurs when she sees him holding a blaster towards Krennic, the Director’s body lying heavily on the ground. Everything hits her at once, the realisation of what’s after happening…what she’s accomplished. Maybe that’s why she finds herself slumped against him against the pillar supporting the housing unit of the broadcaster. Maybe that’s why she puts one of his arms over her shoulder, and despite her height, helps him to the elevator. “You stand too close to people,” she tells him quietly on the ride down. He’s barely able to keep his head up, but he’s trying. He laughs breathlessly, wincing slightly and holding on to his side. “Not everyone,” he replies simply, letting his head rest against the side of the elevator. In some part of her mind, the one corner that’s been pestering her since she’s started this entire mission, she reminds herself about what’s waiting outside. Maybe it’s the Force that’s telling her, whispering in her mind that they’re not going to get out of this alive. That they’re the last two of their family remaining. Her heart aches again, but for a different reason. Cassian, with one arm braced against the wall of the elevator, wraps the other around her waist. She always thought that he’d be warm, and she’s right. Even in the cold air here, he’s warm and feels like home to her. He gently pulls her closer to him, letting out a sigh. He looks like he wants to say something, so she stays silent. Instead of words, he lifts her chin up with a finger and presses his lips to hers. The doors hiss open beside them, and she wraps her arms around him, holding on tightly. He sucks in a sharp breath. She’s probably making his injuries worse. That doesn’t matter now. He brushes strands of her hair back and holds her neck with his hand, kissing her again. The sunlight outside streams into the dark interior of the elevator, tempting to lure them out. But she knows. Once they step out, it’s over. Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Prompts welcomed! Chapter 112 : Cassian/Reader - Alone Summary: Cassian still has nightmares. He told them that he would be fine. He regrets it as soon as he steps in to his cabin. Everything hits him at once – memories, thoughts, voices in his head. You could have died, captain one of the medics told him. He sits down at the edge of his bunk, feet flat on the ground. It’s normally the only thing that anchors him. He’s learned the signs; he knows when it’s going to happen. And now, it’s barrelling towards him. You get the comm from K2. You fish your commlink out of your jacket pocket, and you excused yourself from the communications room. The droid stands outside the door. “I put a request for medical-” “-No,” you brush past the droid, keying in the code to Cassian’s room. “No, medical would be the worst thing for him.” K2 tilts his head. “I think I would know what is best for him-” “-K,” you sigh, “this isn’t a physical thing.” You slip into his room and close the door behind you. The room is dark, but a bedside lamp is softly glowing. “Cass,” you step forward slowly. His head is hung, his hair messed up slightly. You know he’s been running is fingers through it frequently. There’s just enough space on the bunk beside him to sit down. Your movements are slow, making sure not to startle him. With every week that passes in the war, his attacks are getting worse. He’s going deeper into his own mind, tendrils of something that just won’t let him go until you go in there and lead him out. “Cass,” you say softly, “are you with me?” It takes him a minute, but he nods. It’s barely a movement, but he nods. “Good,” you continue, “can you speak you me?” You can hear his breathing. It’s even, and that’s a start, but it’s heavy. He mumbles something that sounds like “Cass, I’m going to put my hand on your shoulder, okay?” you say, moving slowly to face him and placing your hand gently on his shoulder. He still jolts slightly. “It’s okay. Everything is fine.” He’s staring at the ground between his boots. The mud and sand of the beach is still caked on to his boots, and he smells vaguely of the medical wing. You sigh. “You’re safe,” you tell him. “You’re here with me in the barracks.” “I shouldn’t be,” he whispers shakily, “I shouldn’t be here.” You click your tongue and gently move your hand to his back. “I know what that voice is telling you Cassian, and it’s wrong.” The most amount of moving he does is shifting over to you, lying down to rest his head on your shoulder and press to your side. “I’m so sorry,” you whisper, running your fingers through his hair. That’s when the floodgates being to break. Once the attck starts to leave, he’ll cry. It’ll never leave the room – out there, he’s the strong intelligence officer they all know him to be. To you and K2, in here, he’s just as broken as the rest of you. Maybe even more so. You hush him, bringing him back on to the bed and lying him down. He rests his head against your shoulder and holds on to you tightly. It’ll pass, and he’ll go back to being the brave and noble Captain Cassian Andor, and this will all be forgotten about. It’s another notch to make. Your comm blinks and you see a message from K2. The assistance is much appreciated (Y/N) . You put down the comm and make a mental note to reply to him later. The droid can deal with almost every problem imaginable, but when it comes to mental stuff you learned that he’ll always comm you to deal with it. When Cassian stops crying, he slumps against you. “I’m sorry,” he mumbles against your shoulder. “There’s nothing to be sorry for,” you tell him, twirling strands of his hair through your fingers, “these things…they happen.” He sighs and tightens his hold on you. “I don’t deserve you.” “Shh, you’re exhausted,” you say. You move to get up and grab a few blankets from the cabinet. From the corner of your eye, you see him toe off his boots and throw his jacket over the back of the chair at his desk. You walk back to the bunk with the blankets. He reaches out and wraps his arms loosely around your waist. “Thank you,” he mumbles. You lean down and kiss his temple. “Go to sleep,” you say, throwing a blanket on to the bed. Chapter 113 : Cassian/Reader - Cold Hands (General Rating) Summary: Anon Tumblr Prompt: "Your hands are trembling."/"Of course they are, it's freezing." Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You could understand why the resistance moves to Hoth. It’s a bold move – moving to somewhere so inhospitable just to throw the empire off your tail. It’s smart, and at the same time, kriffing stupid. The engineers are always on the landing strips, scraping ice off of the Wings and defrosting their engines because the damn oil keeps freezing. You’re out there with them, helping wherever you can. Everyone is bundled up in layers and layers of clothes, wearing thick jackets with fur accents to try and keep the cold out. You’ve been on cold planets before for the sake of missions, but Hoth is another type of cold. It’s the kind of cold that settles in your bones, a constant shiver that wrings through your body when you’re not moving. You hope down on to the snow-covered landing strip, happy that most of the ice has been taken from the last of the squad’s Wings. One of the pilots claps a hand to your shoulder in thanks. Cassian hates the cold almost as much as you. He came from a tropical planet, one that barely dealt with rain, let alone huge drops in temperature. You find him in his cabin, work finished for the day but still wearing all of his layers. “You know,” you say from the doorway, “it’s better to take the thicker layers off when you’re inside.” He gives you a look you could only describe as unimpressed. You shed your own jacket, throwing it on the back of his desk chair. Without it, it didn’t matter. You still had shirts and sweaters on. “I don’t understand how you aren’t bothered by the cold,” you hear Cassian mumble. You laugh. “I am bothered by it. I just keep my complaints to myself.” You reach out to unbutton his jacket. He catches your hands. “You’ll overheat,” you say firmly. “Better than freezing to death,” he replies drily. He loosens his grip on your wrists when you continue to unbutton his jacket. You’ve spent days, sometimes weeks, on cold planets and you’ve learned your lesson about keeping layers on inside. You help him shrug off his jacket and throw it on to the back of the chair. Cassian shivers and folds his arms in front of his chest. “You’ll warm up,” you tell him, stepping around him to go to one of the supply cupboards at the other side of the cabin. “And stop scowling. You’re not handsome with a scowl.” “Handsome?” he says over his shoulder. Your hands fumble slightly with the handles of the cupboard doors. Kriff , you thought. “I mean,” you say, after realising you hadn’t replied to what he said, “you’re not terrible looking.” Cassian smirks. “Sure,” he says. You grab an extra blanket from the top shelf of the cupboard and throw it at him. “You’ll need it tonight,” you say, surprised that your voice is holding together. Why did you say that? Do you even think about the things that come out of your mouth? You get another one for your own bunk and throw it down. The new barracks were tight for space, meaning most of the rooms had multiple bunks in them. You missed having your own cabin. It came with the title of captain, so did Cassian’s. You don’t mind sharing; it helped whenever the nightmares came, but still. You could go without looking over at him during the night, sometimes finding him looking back at you through the dark interior of the room. There were rumours circling that a blizzard was coming. Pilots were scanning the other side of the planet had reported that it already ran through most of it, and heading straight for the base. Everything outside is being strapped down to the ground and covered in large tarps. Hoth is vicious. When the blizzard comes, you swear to the Maker that the base shakes with the wind. You can’t sleep through it. Every time you close your eyes, another rumble shakes the walls and the roof, making the one dim light in the room flicker. You hear Cassian sit up on his bunk, and you turn around to see what he’s doing. “Kriff, it’s cold,” he says when his blanket drops from his body. You’re both still wearing loose-fitted clothing, with Cassian in his usual tan-coloured shirt. He looks over to you. “You’re still awake?” You nod, not in any mood to make quips. He seems to think for a minute before he sighs. “You’re cold?” It doesn’t seem like a question, more of a statement, but you nod. You pulled up your blankets to your nose when you first tried to go to sleep. Anything to keep the damn chill away. “You know,” he shrugs, “sharing body heat wouldn’t be a bad idea.” That makes you sit up slightly in your bunk. “Shared body heat,” you repeat plainly. He shrugs again. A rumble goes through the room again, the sounds of wind outside slowly growing louder. Kriff it. You have an offer. You grab the edge of your blanket and get out of your bunk, padding over to his. The ground is slightly cold, but it’s only a few steps over to Cassian’s side of the room. “No funny business captain,” you say, watching him shuffle back to let you in. You lie down near the edge of the bunk. With Cassian’s back pressed against the wall, there’s a gap between you were the blankets clump together – a barrier, almost. You hear him snort. “Wouldn’t dream of it captain,” he responds. You try to go back to sleep. An hour is spent staring at the other side of the room, willing your eyes to shut and for sleep to come. Every time you’re about to doze off, another strong wind howls loudly outside, jolting you back awake. When the thunder starts, you curse Hoth for all it’s worth. You must jolt slightly again, because you feel Cassian shuffle nearer to you, pushing the blankets between you out of the way. “Come here,” he says. You look over your shoulder to see his eyes closed, but an arm outstretched. He opens one eye. “No funny business.” You bite the inside of your cheek, but shuffle back nonetheless. He’s warm, you find out almost immediately. Between body heat and the extra blankets over the both of you, it’s almost too warm now. Cassian wraps his arm loosely over your waist, your back not quite touching his chest, but you can feel his heart beating. “It’s just wind,” he whispers, “it won’t hurt you.” His hand moves to one of yours, holding it gently. “You’re trembling,” he notices. You look over your shoulder. “Of course I’m trembling – it’s freezing.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and Requests gladly welcomed Chapter 114 : Cassian/Reader - Saviour (General Rating) Summary: “Cassian Andor imagine with him seeing the reader in an empire uniform as she saves him or reader seeing him in an empire uniform and he saves her “ - Anon Requested Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It’ll be fine. Everything will be fine. You keep the mantra playing in your head as you stalk down the hallways of the base. It’s dark, you keep thinking, why are empirical bases always so damn dark? The uniform you stole from a sergeant was a bit loose; the cap of it falling over your eyes every so often, but no one who passed you seemed to notice. You kept your shoulders back and head held high. It didn’t stop the occasional flinch you had every time a group of Troopers walked passed. “Cassian should be down the next hallway,” Jyn’s voice came through the comm in your ear. The sheen, black, slick walls of the main base were left behind a few minutes ago. Now you were walking through hallways lined with holding cells on either side of you. You peer into a few of them, wincing at the state of the prisoners inside. The ceiling was high, spanning easily ten floors, each of them lined with cells spilling cries of help and pleas out into the open. The platfroms in front of them higher ones have Stormtroopers patrolling them, each armoured heavily and carrying a standard blaster and riot club. “If you need support getting him out, just say the word,” Baze interjects through the comm. You almost roll your eyes. “Blasting a hole in the side of the base wouldn’t be helping, Baze.” “It’s your call, little sister.” When you see which cell door might be his, you spot two Troopers standing on either side of it. You take them both in – standard guard Stormtroopers with rifle-blasters. You square your shoulders and adjust the empirical jacket you’re wearing. “State your business sergeant,” one of them barks. You tilt your head. “Is that any way to speak to a commanding officer, Trooper?” The other one shifts slightly. “We are under orders to guard this door, ma’am,” he rushes to answer, “Apologies for being so vigilant.” You look to the other one. “Who gave you the orders to guard this prisoner?” “General Arlon,” he answers. The general must be on the base then. You keep your expression neutral. “Funny,” you sigh, “I just received orders from the General. He wants to see the prisoner personally.” The two Troopers seem to look at each other. “I don’t have all day,” you growl. The one to your right turns around and punches in a code for the door. It slides open and you step in. “Ma’am, I wouldn’t go in alone-” “-I can take care of myself,” you answer briskly, stepping into the room. It’s dark, darker than the cellblock. Through the faint bit of light streaming in from the outside, you spot a figure slumped against the back wall, legs sprawled out in front of them. You bite the side of your cheek as you step forward. “Captain Andor of the rebellion,” you try keep your voice steady. Cassian lifts his head and squints. Even in the low light, you can see his face marred with bruises and cuts. His eyes widen slightly in recognition. “Sergeant,” he responds, albeit a bit hoarsely. “The general would like a word,” you say, hoping that the Troopers outside of the room aren’t calling the general’s contacts to verify the information. It isn’t technically a lie. A sergeant was sent to fetch Cassian Andor. You happened to get to her first before she could reach the prison block. He slowly gets to his feet, keeping a hand on the wall to steady himself. You can’t imagine what he’s been through. Captured for only three days but you all knew what the empire could do to him in those few days. You’re surprised he isn’t dead. He stumbles forward. It takes everything in your body not to lurch forward and catch him. “Can’t keep the general waiting,” he says with a faint smile, one that disappears when he grabs his side and hisses a breath. One of the Stormtroopers outside cuffs his wrists together tightly. “Would you like an escort, ma’am?” he asks. You shake your head. “I’ll bring Andor to the general myself,” you grab on to the link between Cassian’s cuffs, “thank you for the assistance. I’ll make sure the general knows.” You walk with Cassian back through the hallway, out of the prison block. Every guard you meet on the way sends you both curious looks, each one shot down by a glare in their direction from you. “The team is just outside the base,” you say lowly once you’re both away from the cellblock. It isn’t until you both make it to the main hallways of the base that Cassian picks up his head. With the brighter lights now replacing the darkness of the cellblock, you can take in what he really looks like. He looks exhausted, barely able to keep himself up and walking. There’s a deep cut going over his lip, the side of his mouth covered in dried blood. Another deep gash is on his temple, near his bloodshot eye. Everywhere that isn’t cut is covered in dried blood or bruises. You don’t want to imagine what the rest of him looks like. You tighten your hold on him and lead him through the hallways. Bodhi leads you both out, stating directions into the comm in your ear. “Take the last left and you should be in one of the loading ports,” he says. You can hear the rest of the team in the background. “We’ll be waiting with the engines running.” “Where’s K2?” Cassian asks. You both round the last corner and spot the loading docks at the end of the corridor. Troopers of all ranks are either standing around or patrolling. You keep your expression neutral and hold on to the bindings on Cassian’s wrists. “On the ship,” you whisper back, “the droids aren’t being used on planet-side bases anymore.” Cassian seems to nod and keeps his head down. His hair has grown out a bit, you noticed, falling over his eyes. There bruises are dark, flecked with yellow healing skin. Your heart drops to your stomach. You should have been here earlier. You remember sitting in on the meetings held by command about whether or not rescuing Cassian would be worthwhile. Bodhi spent the meeting holding on to your hand because he was nervous that you would have lashed out at command. You wanted to. It was about time that Draven had taken a chair to the head. The hangar is small, something you would expect from a base of this size. The general still resides on the Star Destroyer perched overhead, not trusting to come down to the surface ever since the Scarif incident became public knowledge. Cassian limps beside you. “What’s the plan?” he says lowly. You look to the ship – stolen a few weeks ago by Bodhi and Baze, it was modded to look like an empirical ship. So far, it blends in to the rest of the hangar. No one seems to be paying much attention to it. “That’s ours,” you nod to the ship, “Bodhi’s going to say that we’re visiting the Destroyer above, but-” “-we’re making a run for it,” Cassian finishes with a faint smile. You’re both so close. The ship is only a few metres away. “Sergeant Yoana,” a voice pierces through the hum of the hangar. You stop in your tracks as you recognise the name – the sergeant you comprised in the hallways. You stop and look around, your heart sinking when you see a general walking towards you. “Glad to see you got my orders.” You swallow the panic trying to rise up your throat. “General Arlon,” you stand up a bit straighter, “I was just on my way to transport this prisoner to you.” The general looks over to Cassian and smiles. It’s a smile you seem to see on anyone that the empire has –white gleaming teeth and almost feral. “Thank you sergeant,” he says, “I thought I was going to have to go to those horrible cellhalls by myself.” You tighten your hold on Cassian. He’s stock-still beside you. Looking at the general, you try to take as much information as you can about him. His eyes are piercing grey, hiding something behind them. It’s probably the panic that’s coursing coldly through your veins, but you can see it clearly. He knows. A squad of Troopers are nearby, their blasters in their hands and looking your way. He definitely knows. Your hand goes to the blaster at your side, covered by the skirt of your jacket. “Will I escort Andor to your ship, sir?” Arlon is looking at you straight on, seemingly trying to get information from you too. “I think I can take it from here, sergeant.” You swallow and nod. A red blast suddenly whirls past you and hits the general in the chest, throwing him backwards. The hangar floods with soldiers as you drag Cassian towards the ship. The blastdoors are open with Jyn hanging out, blaster raised at an oncoming patrol. Baze stands away from the ship, opening fire on the various patrols around the hangar. You and Cassian both bank towards the ship, dodging oncoming blasts. Baze lets off a few rounds towards a pursuing squadron. You shove Cassian in front of you, grabbing your blaster and downing another two Stormtroopers to Baze’s right. Baze turns and sprints back to the ship, pasing you as you clear the last few of the pursuing patrol, keeping your eyes open for any incoming. The alarm has been raised. It’s wailing drowns out what the others are shouting behind you. Chirrut drags Cassian up, helping the captain back against the other door to rest. Jyn grabs your hand and drags you up. “Good job sergeant,” she flashes you a smile before helping Baze up too, sending a few more shots out into the hangar before heaving the door closed. The ship lurches into the air as Bodhi and K2 try to get clear of the hangar. “I thought you said you would keep this clean,” K2 says from the cockpit. You laugh lightly. “When have any of my plans gone well, K?” “From previous reports, I should have known,” the droid bristles and turns back to help Bodhi navigate out of the planet’s system. A few TIE fighters attempt to follow you, but your ship is fast, managing to outfly them into the atmosphere and then into open space. You sit down beside Cassian on the ground, letting him interlink your fingers together. “I knew you’d come,” you hear him mumble. Chirrut kneels down beside Cassian. “Your chest hurts the most,” he says, not as a question but more as a statement. You watch carefully as he nods slowly, heaving in a breath when Chirrut pressings his hand lightly to the middle of Cassian’s chest. He drops his head on to your shoulder. He frowns. “Why are you still wearing that?” he says a bit dazed. You look down at yourself, aware that you’re still in an empirical uniform. You sit up slightly, making sure he’s comfortable resting against the wall of the ship before you move out from his way. Shrugging off the jacket you toss it over to the other side of the ship. You’ll get rid of the rest of it when you land. When you sit back against the wall, Cassian leans against your shoulder again. “A bit better,” he mumbles, letting Chirrut do whatever it is that he’s doing. The monk is muttering something under his breath. You look over to Baze for an explanation, but the mercenary only shrugs and leans his head against the headrest of his chair. You reach out for Cassian’s hand again. “We’ll be home soon.” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts welcomed. (Restrictions have been put in place as to what can be accepted. A post regarding it is HERE so please read before submitting.) Chapter 115 : Bodhi/Reader - Moments (General) Summary: Tumblr Anon: Request for a moment between Bodhi and Reader (with a guest appearance from a certain reprogrammed droid). Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Bodhi Rook is a fascinating person. Someone in your team likened him to a cat amongst dogs, an empirical defector among people whose families have been killed by the empire. It’s only some people, but you can’t help but listen to the whisperings. It didn’t matter that their squadron came home with the plans, that they gave the rebellion a new hope for their fight. Some of the people in the barracks still held on to the fact that he started off with the rebellion. The first time you met him was in the medical wing. You had finished making sure patients that were beyond your care got to the infirmary as quickly as they could. Most people, you thanked the Force, got out with only cuts and broken bones – things that were easily fixed. The last bed you had to check on was Bodhi’s. He was sitting on the edge of it, looking down at his hands. You noticed how they shook slightly. “Bodhi Rook,” you parted the curtain and stepped inside, closing it behind you. “I’m Dr. (Y/F/N).” He nods. It wasn’t an odd thing. A lot of the people who you saw today, the ones that were conscious at least, weren’t able to talk to you. In each of their reports your assistant had written the word shock . You weren’t surprised. So you keep your movements slow, making sure he could see where you were at all times. The noise of the medical wing had lessened slightly, but it was still loud enough to make him flinch every so often. “I hear that you were on the beach,” you say softly, taking your small exam light and checking his eyes and throat. His eyes were still wide, with pinpoint pupils. Shock was still with him, you noted, turning off the light and putting it in your pocket. You put two fingers to his neck and take his pulse. High, but you couldn’t expect less. Your exam lasts thirty minutes, making sure that Bodhi was okay. He had a few cuts and bruises like the rest, but nothing warranting a stay in the medical wing. You sign the release forms for the pilot. “Take care of yourself Bodhi,” you smile as he leaves the medical wing. He manages a small smile in return before leaving with the rest of the dismissed. You watch him go with the others – keeping to himself, mostly, hands shoved into his pockets. A hand on your shoulder brings you back. “You’re needed in trauma,” one of your team says to you. You don’t see Bodhi Rook for another few weeks. The next time you see him he’s in the medical wing again. You raise your eyebrow as you walk towards his bunk. “You’re back?” Bodhi startles slightly when you walk towards him, but he smiles. “I, um,” he nods down to his arm. His sleeve is flecked with blood. “It’s nothing serious, just got into a fight with a X-wing’s engine.” You laugh at that and roll up his sleeve. It really is nothing, just a cut that’s already stopped bleeding, but around it is dirt and engine oil. “You’ll be out of here soon Bodhi,” you smile, taking a few disinfectant wipes from the medical cart and pull up a chair in front of him. He hisses when you start cleaning the cut, apologising when you have to go over it directly. “I’m sorry,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck with his free hand, “you probably have other patients waiting.” You look up at him. “That’s why I have a team, so I don’t have to be everywhere at once.” He cocks his head. “A team?” You nod. “I’m the head of this section, so I inherited a small army of medics and nurses when I took over from the last head.” He raises his eyebrows and whistles. “It’s so different…” When you look up at him again, he shakes his head. “Nevermind.” You talk to each other while you start stitching up the cut. Bodhi’s found his home in the hangar with the other pilots. You know one of them, Shara, and perk up a bit when he mentions her. “She’s nice. She flies for the Princess, you know.” You smile. “I do,” you can’t help but laugh at the memories that flood back, “she’s a good friend of mine.” Bodhi’s eyes widen slightly. “Everyone knows each other,” he says, almost to himself. You assume he’s thinking back to the empire and how things are run there, but decide not to ask him about it. Whenever you do see him he appears to be happy. You stand up once the cut is closed. “Here’s some regen-cream for tonight and tomorrow morning. It’ll help the skin heal back without scarring.” You hand him a small sachet and pick up your datapad. You’re more or less free for the rest of your shift. Bodhi hops down from the bed. “Thank you,” he says, rolling back down his sleeve. When you look up, you can’t help but notice about how close you’re both standing. He’s handsome, you’ll admit, with big kind brown eyes and a warm smile. He bristles. “I should, um,” he looks to the medical wing’s main door, “I should get going – back to work, I mean.” You smile. “I’ll see you around then.” It’s mandatory for anyone after experiencing trauma to receive counselling from the medical wing. Why he didn’t eludes you. He asks you about it when you finished your shift one day. “How bad are the nightmares?” you ask as you both walk down the hallway. Bodhi has his hands stuffed into the pockets of his jacket. He shrugs a shoulder. “Depends. Sometimes they’re okay, sometimes they’re worse. It’s always of Scarif though.” You keep your voices down as you walk. Ideally, you would have liked to have this conversation in your office and not in the people-crowded hallways of the barracks. But Bodhi refused, insisting on walking you back to your cabin. Truthfully, you were happy to get away from the medical wing. It had been a long day on your feet. You think for a minute. “Doctor Olat is our only therapist,” you say, “but we have some counsellors that could help you figure out what’s going on in your head.” You knew that there was more in there, things that he wasn’t telling you. You don’t poke. He smiles. “Thank you,” he replies. When you reach your cabin, you’re on the other side of the barracks. “Your hair is getting longer,” you point out as you key in the code to your room. “I’m thinking of cutting it,” he says, brushing a strand of it behind his ear. “Why?” “It’s the last reminder I have,” he says simply. The door slides open. “Thank you,” Bodhi says, looking at you. “Thank you for everything you do.” You look down. “I’m a doctor,” you offer as a reply, “it’s what I do.” “Yeah, but…just, thanks.” You should go inside and get some sleep. It’s an early shift tomorrow, and chances to sleep are few and far between with every day the war continues on. “Do you want to come in?” the words leave your mouth before you have a chance to go inside and close the door behind you. When your mind catches up with you, you rush to add, “to talk, if that’s okay, about anything. Anything to talk about.” Bodhi laughs – a sound that you’re slowly falling in love with because of it’s rarity. “Sure.” “Doctor (Y/L/N)!” You look over Bodhi’s shoulder and see K2 walking down the hallway. “What do you want?” you raise your eyebrow at the droid. “Cassian has fallen ill and I am fetching medication for him,” he looks to you, “will you be available soon, doctor?” You swear you’re going to have to put an order in place to keep K2 away from the damn medical wing. You step away from Bodhi, trying to ignore how cold the space between you both suddenly feels. “I’ll be ready in a minute. Go back to Cass’ room and see how he is.” The droid looks between you and Bodhi. “Don’t take too long,” he says and walks away. You walk into your room and throw most of your stuff down on to your bunk, saving your datapad. “I should get going,” you nod towards the droid. Bodhi nods, rubbing the back of his neck. “We could meet up later,” he says, “if that’s okay?” “Yeah,” you reply, “that sounds good.” “Doctor (Y/L/N)!” Notes: My tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and prompts welcomed. (Restrictions have been put in place as to what can be accepted. A post regarding it is HEREt so please read before submitting.) Chapter 116 : Cassian/Jyn - Hiding (General) Summary: Prompt: Cassian and Jyn go into hiding when a mission goes wrong. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They abandon the U-Wing beneath the trees. The Outer Rim is their last resort – no one would think of looking for them out here, this far into uncharted space. For the empire, that is. The rebellion has known about this system for years, sending anyone in trouble with the empire. Somehow they’ve managed to keep it a secret. Jyn hops down from the U-Wing, landing softly on the forest floor. It reminds her of Yavin IV with towering trees soaring up to the sky, their leaves binding together to almost block out the suns completely. Cassian jumps down after her. “There’s a cabin not far from here,” “Oh good,” K2 says, striding passed both of them, “rescue will be at least two standard weeks. That’s two weeks in an enclosed space with a convicted criminal-” “-I’m looking forward to it too K,” Jyn smirks up at the droid as they start to trudge through the forest’s undergrowth. Fallen tree trunks entangled with vines and undergrowth make the trip last longer than it does. It takes some careful climbing over logs and some well-placed footsteps, but it’s manageable. She looks over her shoulder when she hears Cassian mutter under his breath. She can’t pick up the words, occurring to her that it must be his native language. She’s never heard anything like it before, even though she’s circled many planets throughout her service to Saw. “It’s not your fault,” she says. Her voice sounds louder among the silence of the forest. Unlike Yavin IV, it doesn’t have the whistling of whisper birds to break the silence. Thinking back to the botched mission, she sticks by her statement. “It’s not your fault.” He grunts as a response, and goes back to muttering to himself. K2 walks ahead of them, occasionally looking behind to check on their positions. “Any time today would be preferable,” he says when they both start to fall behind. Through their hike, Jyn has a habit of looking up to the large canopy above them. Streams of sunlight are the only source of light, beams breaking through gaps in the leaves and shining down to the forest floor. It’s still too deafening quiet. Once she thinks it, she hears a rumble in the air. Her body flinches, with her first instinct being to drop down to the forest’s floor and brace herself for an incoming blast. Cassian looks up towards the canopy and mutters something like a swear under his breath. “Come on,” he starts walking quicker,” Rain storms on this planet proved every bit as ferocious as Cassian thought them to be. When they reach the cabin, they bolt up the few wooden steps on to the porch. Under the cover of an overhanging roof, she pulls of her headscarf and wrings out the water. Every inch of her is drenched, her clothes sticking to her and freezing her skin when cold breezes sweep through the forest. The cabin is almost intertwined with the forest, hidden away by hanging moss clumps and other obscurities. They definitely won’t be found by any wandering eyes. Cassian gets the door open and they pile inside. K2 shakes his body, sending a cascade of drops on to Jyn. She sends the droid a harrowing glare. “Apologies,” K2 quips, “but if you hadn’t spent all of that time gawking up at the sky, we could have out walked the storm-” “-The storm would have caught us anyway!-” “-Enough!” Cassian turns on his heels to face them both. He’s shedding layers like Jyn, throwing the worst of them to a side of the main living space. He sighs. “I’m not spending two weeks listening to you two bickering.” “She shouldn’t have been brought along then,” K2 says, walking forward into the living room. Jyn gathers her hair and shakes out some of the water. She’d kill for a ‘fresher right now. Seemingly reading her mind, Cassian nods his head towards a hallway sprouting form the other end of the hallway. “The ‘freshers should still work off of a separate system,” he says lowly, “I’ll check on the power.” She walks down the hallway. It’s dark, and she spots a few spider webs gathered in the corners of doorframes she passes. The cabin hasn’t been used in a while, she can gather by the state of the house. Floorboards creak underneath her feet. Exploring the house, she notes the state of it. It’s not as derelict as she expected it to be: granted, Mon Mothma mentioning a safe house as a (quote) ‘cabin in the woods’ didn’t sound too appealing. But she’s had to stay in worse places than a cabin in the woods. She’s spent nights in cramped hostels on over-populated planets infected with crime and drugs, and other places of that sort. Being somewhere with a person she could trust wasn’t that bad – plus K2, she supposed. It’s a small cabin, she realises, with two bedrooms separated by a joining bathroom. Both of the bedrooms are identical, with a double-bed whose sheets are made with military precision, a small storing space beside the bed, a chronoclock and a wardrobe. She takes the one with a window out on to the forest. The planets she used to go to were always so grey and populated. Being somewhere abandoned and green was something new, something she wanted to remember and savour. She opens the wardrobe and finds a few spare blankets, towels, clothing in different sizes, and toiletries. She grabs a towel and heads to the ‘fresher. She’s cold and drenched and just wants to be warm again. When she steps out of the ‘fresher, it’s dark outside. Moonlight shines through the forest’s canopy easier than the sunlight did, bathing the forest and the cabin in dazzling white light. Standing in the bathroom, she listens to Cassian move around in the room next door. She made sure to lock the door before she threw off the last of her clothes. She kicks them into a corner of the room, making a note to find somewhere to dry them later. Until then, she throws on an oversized shirt and loose trousers, tying them tightly at her waist. The trouser legs pool at her feet, dragging along the ground with every step she takes. She knocks against Cassian’s door. “You can have it,” she says, making her way out of the bathroom. She takes a towel with her and shuts her own door. Drying her hair, she looks around the room again. It’s deathly quiet outside, no animals or creatures outside making noise to break it. The ‘fresh starts running again and she sits down at the edge of her bed. She’s already pulled the sheets out of their arrangement, something she’s done a lot of on Yavin. The cabins there are meant to be kept clean, something Jyn just can’t do anymore. Her sheets are always either pulled down to the edge of the bed or tossed on to the floor. She had a militant background with Saw, but not the one Cassian has with the rebellion. Cassian doesn’t take as long as she does. The ‘fresher turns off after five or so minutes. K2 is recharging somewhere in the house. With the power running through the house again, she keeps the bedside light on. It isn’t strong, but luminous enough to keep a soft orange glow in the room. She’s lived in total darkness for most of her childhood, learning to survive in it. She tries to keep lights on when she sleeps now. It doesn’t keep the nightmares away, but Maker it tries to. She rolls on to her side for the hundredth time. No matter what way she lies, she can’t sleep. Whether it’s the fact that she’s in an unfamiliar place, or the feeling of panic slowly seeping through her body as memories start to flood back. Not ones from Scarif. They’re long gone now, blocked by current memories Jyn tries to shove in their place. Their escape keeps replaying in her mind. How a mission could go so wrong, she didn’t understand. One minute she was flirting with some imperical defector, trying to lure the last bit of information about a weapons shipment out of her, and then a blink later a knife is pressed to her throat and the cantina is in an uproar with fights occurring around them. She remembers the blade pressing to her throat, and it being ripped away. She remembers someone grabbing her hand and dragging her out of the cantina. She can still hear K2’s damn kriffing voice in her head listing all of the reasons why the mission went wrong- Her ears prick at a sound of movement. She slowly sits up, her hand instinctively reaching towards the bedside cabinet for a blaster that isn’t there. She hears the sound again. She slides her legs out from underneath the sheets and sits on the edge of her bed. The quietness of the room helps her tune her hearing – when she hears the sound again, she can pin it to Cassian’s room next door. She takes one long look at her door to the bathroom separating them, before grabbing her sweatshirt, pulling it on, and going to investigate. Cassian is sitting up in bed when she peers into his room. She stands at the door for a second. He knows she’s there, but stares at the opposite wall of the room. She slips into the room and shuts the door behind her, padding over to him. They’ve done it before – nightmares are as aspect of life on the base. Everyone has them. Cassian’s mind is just as scared as hers, and they’ve found out that by doing certain things, the nightmares go away. She remembers when he sat with her once. He just sat down on the bunk beside her, took her hand, and let her cry it out on to his shoulder. They didn’t talk either during it or afterwards. They didn’t have to. She tries to do the same for him. He’s still staring straight ahead when she sits down on the edge of the bed. “Cass,” she whispers, taking his hand slowly. He’s not looking at anything in particular, she notes, just harbouring the dead stare he does when he’s trying to figure something out. He comes back to himself within a few minutes; leaning against Jyn’s side and dragging them both down on to the mattress. He rests his head on her shoulder, throwing an arm over her middle to take her hand. With a few adjustments, Jyn grabs the sheets and pulls them over them both, finally able to settle. He probably won’t go back to sleep. She might not, either. So they wait for morning to come. It’s a slow creep for the sun to haul itself over the trees and start shining weak morning light into the room, but it comes. Jyn’s eyelids are heavy with sleep, her eyes stinging for her to go back to sleep, even just for a few minutes. “Thank you,” Cassian mumbles against her shoulder. He hasn’t let go of her hand. She doesn’t want him to. At some point during the night, she had started carding her fingers through his hair. “It’s fine,” she replies. Clanking footsteps are outside in the hallway, heading down towards her own room. Jyn swears that she can hear K2 sigh when he finds her not in her room. The footsteps come back down the hallway and pause outside the door to Cassian’s room. “Are you both decent?” Cassian huffs a laugh against her shoulder. “No,” Jyn calls out, earning a disapproving look. “What? He won’t come in if he thinks we’re-” “-Jyn.” Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and requests welcomed. Restrictions regarding prompts have been added so please do take them into consideration (basically what I will and won't write for). Chapter 117 : Cassian/Jyn - Shovel Talk (General) Summary: Cassian gets a shovel talk from Galen - Anon Requested on my Tumblr Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) His apartment became hers slowly over time. It’s in Cassian’s name, a small studio apartment perched on the top of an apartment building in Greenwich Village that doubles as his workspace too. A lot of his photography is here, printed photos lining the walls – a mixture of shots he’s taken all over the world, most of landscapes and some of people. It became Jyn’s when they stopped one day and saw that most of her stuff from her apartment was now in his. The question of move in with me didn’t come, it was just a realisation they had and went with it. It was only made ‘official’ when she broke off the lease of her old place. She’s always hated it – it was small, but not like Cassian’s where it’s cozy, and it was just empty. She used to stay in Bodhi’s house in Washington Heights every so often when she first moved to the city. She would crash at Chirrut and Baze’s after their weekly get together that always involved copious amounts of alcohol (which made their weekly get togethers to become monthly for the rest of them to recover). Then there was Cassian’s apartment which she lived in any other days. When she did go back to her own, it was lonely. She’s spent most of her life alone, and with a taste of what friendship and company was like, she hated being alone again. Chirrut asked her once what did she like about staying at Cassian’s. The answer she gave him and her actual answer aren’t the same. Her actual answer is watching him in the morning. He told her once that his internal clock is out to get him. As soon as the first streams of sunlight come in through the windows, he’s awake. That doesn’t mean he’ll be out of bed though. She’s always waken up with him either looking at her with a small content smile or he’ll try to go back to sleep. Today he’s done the latter. Jyn wakes up when the room is bright with morning light, and the sounds of the city are slowly starting to creep up through the apartments to theirs. She lies on her side, their sheets slung loose over her hip, and watches him. His hair falls over his face. It gets longer with every week. He’s been saying that he’ll get it cut soon, but it’s been a while, and now it’s grown on her so much that she doesn’t want him to anymore. She reaches out slowly and brushes his hair out of his face. He snuffles sleepily, and throws his arm over his face. Jyn smiles. “I know you’re awake.” He mumbles something she doesn’t understand. “What did you tell him?” he says over his shoulder, padding towards the kitchen. Jyn grabs the sheets from the other side of the bed and hugs them close to her. “The usual stuff.” She can see Cassian look over his shoulder towards her. “Should I be worried?” She shrugs, but doesn’t say anything else. Truthfully, she doesn’t know. She’s never gotten this far with anyone before. Anyone who came tumbling into her life is usually gone within a month, so the introduction to her father isn’t something he’s had to deal with. Then there’s Cassian who is still here. He walks back over to the bed with two cups of coffee – hers laden with milk and two sugars, and his black. She takes her cup from him and untangles herself from the cocoon she’s made out of the blankets, and sits up against the headboard of the bed. “He’ll like you,” she says after thinking about it for a bit. The more she does, the more she’ll panic. So she’s making peace with it until the dinner. Cassian sits beside her, tugging away some of her blankets to him. “Don’t stress out about it,” his fingers brush against hers. When she looks up at him, he smiles smugly. “Parents love me.” She arches an eyebrow. “Of course they do.” “What’s that supposed to mean?” “Nothing,” she sips her coffee, hoping that the rim of the mug will hide her own smile. They have a mutual agreement: if something isn’t being brought up, don’t ask about it. It’s a rule that’s only applied to their own families. He’s never speaks about his own family, sometimes mentioning his mother or one of his sisters. She doesn’t know what they’re names are, or if he has any brothers, or a father, or a big or small extended family. She’s never spoken about her mother, only ever implying that she isn’t around anymore, and he’s left it at that. When they reach her father’s house in Queens, she lets him take her hand for a second. He’ll like Cassian , she’s been telling herself on the way here, everyone seems to like Cassian. Then she finds herself standing at the front door, dell rung, and the sounds of her father walking towards the door. Her heart starts to hammer against her chest that bit quicker. “Papa,” she smiles as he pulls her into a tight hug. “And you must be Cassian,” Galen extends his hand, and Cassian shakes it. Galen waves them inside. His house is still the same – cluttered, but an effort made to at least sort out the columns of books and papers stacked on the hallway floor. Trinkets and ornaments from his travels are still collecting dust on shelves, and the pictures of their family from years ago are still hanging on the wall. She tries to shepherd Cassian away from the pictures, but he’s already spotted one from when she was eight. “First dance audition,” she explains, looking at the photo of her and her parents outside one of the old dance studios she used to go to. “I didn’t get in.” Cassian glances over at her. “They’re loss,” he says, taking her hand and letting her lead him through the small hallway into the kitchen. Dinner is just the three of them, Jyn watching both her father and Cassian throughout the night because she knows what’s going to happen. She’s surprised it hasn’t happened already: that her father hasn’t found Cassian’s apartment, kicking down the door and threatened him himself. Instead she’s caught between the two of them, waiting for it. They end up in the living room an hour later, drinks between them. “A photographer,” Galen raises his eyebrow. “I used to do investigative journalism abroad,” Cassian explains, thinking back on the years he spent hopping from country to country, following where headlines about wars took him. Galen nods, a slight solemn look on his face. “And now?” Cassian sends a quick glance over to Jyn. “A photographer living in New York,” he says simply. That’s what he is now. Someone who showed what the other side of the world was like, and now dealing with the memories of what he saw, and what he had been through. Jyn links their pinkie fingers together. A small gesture, but one they do often. Galen drums his fingers against the leather armrest of his chair, humming thoughtfully into his glass. He sits up and puts his glass down on to the coffee table between them and stands up. Jyn doesn’t miss the way a slight look of pain flashes on her father’s face as his back cracks. He excuses himself to clean up the rest of the dishes. Cassian looks over to Jyn and gives her a small smile. “I’ll help,” he says as he gets up from the couch. “Good luck,” she mumbles into her glass. Cassian finds her father in the kitchen, washing what’s left of the dishes and putting them on the drying rack next to the sink. It’s almost silent in the kitchen, with the faint hum of the radio playing music filling the deafening silence. Cassian picks up a towel and starts drying. The window in front of them leads out in to the back garden. It’s late, and the only light is from nearby street lights casting everything into a sombre orange tint. “Thank you for dinner,” Cassian breaks the silence. Galen’s gaze flickers over to the other man and he nods. “You’re quite welcome,” he replies, handing the other a plate. All the talking has already been done between them over dinner, a meal that was drawn out because of them talking and remembering. Wine is warming his veins; the slow hum of the music puts him at ease. The house itself is warm, but in a way that makes Jyn relaxed. He’s never seen her totally at ease. There’s always been the slight hint of something working through her body either for an audition or something else. Here, though, watching her form the kitchen, he smiles faintly at the sight of her with her head tilted back against the couch. “I’ve never seen her like that either,” Galen says suddenly, “well, not for a while, anyway.” Cassian doesn’t press, but turns to stack the plates together away from the sink. “She’s a hard worker. I’m always telling her to take it easy.” Galen chuckles. “She’ll never be totally at peace. There will always be fire running through her veins.” He looks up to the window with a faint smile on the corner of his lip. “Do you love her?” “I do,” he answers truthfully. Galen turns to regard him for a moment, nods, and turns back to the sink. They don’t talk after that, but it’s not an awkward silence between them, something that Cassian’s experience before. It’s a mutual silence, one that only says that they’ve said what they needed to, and nothing else needs to be let out. Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com Comments and kudos welcomed Chapter 118 : Cassian/Jyn - Binary (General) Summary: Inspired from Dave Malloy’s Ghost Quartet, Track “The Telescope”: A binary star, two stars, lost in time. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It’s pointed out to them in one life. From their perch on his ship’s hull, she points blearily to night sky. Two stars, she points to, so close together that they look like one. He’s lived her long enough to know that they’re separate. She knew the names of them once, something that evades this mind as he looks over at her. The closeness of the other moons shines brilliant white light down on to the landing strip. Summer nights are never as dark as those in the winter. She remembers her papa telling her about stars, about binary stars. He told her a story, one she can remember to this day. One she’s replayed in her head during the dark days when all she had where the bright stars above her. There’s two lovers up there, both of them are lost in time, he had told her. Looking back now, with the experience of all she has gone through etched into her bones; she knows not to believe him about his stories of lost lovers always finding each other through space and time. It sounds too quaint to belong to their world, something that war would take delight in tearing apart. But she believes it for the night, looking over to her lover with her hand in his. They meet again on a subway platform. Nothing like they were before, though. It’s passing glances that they send to each other like before; dark eyes meeting in the faint light of the underground. But something glimmers. Recognition. Her feet falter, willing her to stop and take a closer look at the man. But she’s had this feeling before with others. So she turns up the music on her phone, looks down at her boots, and keeps walking. “But what if they never find each other Papa?” The same dream lingers in her mind every night. The same memory wading through her mind from every life she’s had. In this one, they have a house in Berlin: a townhouse standing in line with the others, looking out on to a busy city main street always littered with cars and people no matter what the time was. In their backyard, there’s a square space of grass, large enough to have nightly campouts there. She lies on the blanket with her parents, looking up at the sky. The clouds aren’t there, but among the white shining lights of the stars are the red blinks of planes coming and going. She’s young now, baby fat still clinging to her bones. Her father looked over to her and smiled at her question. “They will,” he says, looking back up to the sky, “see how they’re beside each other? They’re locked like that. No matter what comes between them, they’ll find each other.” So she rests against her mother’s side and looks up. Her neck strains slightly, but she ignores it for watching the stars blink back at her. Notes: Tumblr: yourqueenforayear Requests are being taken, but please know that certain things will not be written for Notes: If you would like to hit me up with a suggestion, I have a tumblr! http://yourqueenforayear.tumblr.com/ Anything is welcomed, or at least, I will read it, think about it, and if it's possible I'll stick it up here :)