Ocean The ocean was so loud. Water roared and purred and hissed, managing to be menacing and enticing all at once. Even in the darkest, deepest parts of the night, when all should be still and silent, the water just never stopped moving. It was exciting at first. In that first week, Rey spent hours listening to the impossibly huge symphony of water spreading out before her like the sands of Jakku. The way the blue-greens of Ahch-To sparkled still entranced her, but now, after five months of training, the constant noise of the ocean dancing on the rocks echoed in her head, irritating and insistent. Crash, crash, crash. A never-ending cacophony of collision with the beach. She missed the silence of home. Rey let the ocean noise drift from her mind as she pulled on a deeper connection to the Force. The sounds muffled and quietened as she meditated. This was not a time to focus on her present time and place. She relaxed and allowed the Force to redirect her thoughts. The small crystal floating in front of her face steadied as her connection to the Force intensified. Flickering candlelight illuminated the dull, twisted remains of Darth Vader’s helmet. Kylo Ren watched, entranced as the shadows nearly brought the relic to life, giving an illusion of movement that he knew wasn’t there. He had once prayed for the helmet to come alive, to give him some sort of sign. Something like the whispers he had known his whole life. Whispers from his grandfather, his true grandfather, not the neutered, buttoned-down version of Anakin Skywalker that Luke preferred to tell stories about. The real Anakin Skywalker was much more powerful and much less benign. He didn’t hold back, Kylo knew from experience. He had felt the full brunt of Vader’s power firsthand and, even diminished in death, it was intoxicating. Nothing Luke, that kriffing Jedi fuck, had ever taught brought as much peace and serenity as falling headfirst into the power Vader had led him to. Kylo reached into that power now, trying to bring that feeling back. It had been harder to connect to the Dark Side since Stark--- No, it hasn’t. You’ve just been avoiding it. “Grandfather?” Don’t call me that. You sound like a child. “Of course,” Kylo whispered back. “An old habit, I suppose.” A stupid one. Your attachment to family is still too strong. Being my grandson means nothing if you can’t manage to do shit on your own. Kylo could feel his anger bristling as he stood and began to pace the room. “My family means nothing, or did you miss what’s happened in the past year?” I see all, child. Even the weakness you hide from yourself. Memories of quiet nights on Jakku danced before her senses. The winds died down with the sunset and the busy, far away bustle of the market faded away to nothingness. The silence in the air made the loneliness in her mind seem to be a natural part of the landscape. It allowed her to focus on the light within, just as Maz had taught her five months ago. With her eyes closed, the Force became her sight. Lights shimmered and danced around her, life signs of the creatures in the ocean, of the birds in the sky, of the ghosts in the Temple, of her Master mediating somewhere far away. She allowed her consciousness to drift with the Light, touching on each signature she found. Rey tried to ignore the loneliness that echoed in each touch. For all of her years alone on Jakku, it had never been out of place. Here, the life-filled ocean mocked the hollow longings she felt. She was so surrounded by living things and yet, she ached. She ached for BB-8, whose little whirs and beeps had given her strength when there was none. For Chewie, who left to help General Organa four months ago. For Finn, who risked a single message when he first awoke, but had (wisely, she knew, but still...) said nothing since. For Han, who was gone. And for something, maybe someone, she could not yet name. Rey concentrated on the emptiness she felt, trying to learn its every part so that she could better erase its effects. She let herself feel the depths of pain so she could know it well and let it go. The planet itself seemed to glow. Master Skywalker had told her that the Jedi Temple they lived in the first was the first of its kind. Rey could feel it in the depth of the Force here. There were faint hints of the spirits long gone; they felt like small ripples in the power that flowed through Rey. It was difficult to distinguish between them, but she felt each one roll through her. The Force pushed her consciousness outward, reaching as far as she could for every light in the galaxy. How could she be alone when she could connect to the whole universe? Everything, every one was here with her. “Bullshit.” Kylo gritted his teeth as he felt the Force swell with his rage. “You couldn’t even finish the job with Luke, Vader. Do you know what he’s become because of you and your weakness? You destroyed the Empire because you were too sentimental about a half-baked Jedi son you didn’t even know.” With a rough laugh, he turned and stretched his hand out to the helmet, levitating it to eye level. “And you want to lecture me about my weakness?” The helmet was silent as the Force filled the room, a dark signature Kylo had known his whole life. It pulsed and vibrated. The room seemed to spin. Cold anger numbed his mind. Nothing mattered but this. He was not weak; he could prove it. He could match Vader pound for pound with the Force. He drew all of his strength around him, pulling on the life of every last trooper on the Finalizer . He reached as far as he dared, grasping at both Dark and Light. “Answer me, Vader,” he growled. His new, half-finished lightsaber flew to his hand and ignited. Red energy sizzled and sparked as he pushed his strength against Vader’s. Images and memories he didn’t recognize fell through the air like rain. His vision seemed to split between his candlelit quarters and the visions of others—a computer screen flashing a message, a showerhead spraying lukewarm water, the endless rows of white trooper helmets to polish, a dimly lit temple pulsing with the Force. What was that? Hold on to that image! Without thinking, Kylo obeyed, straining to bring that last vision into focus. Energy filled her, saturated her awareness. The tips of her fingers vibrated against each other as she drew upon the Force's power to focus. Tears trickled out of her eyes as her emotions swelled and dissipated. She directed the flow into the crystal, her muscles relaxing as she fell deeper into the glittering, glowing power of the Force. Slowly, oh so slowly, the loneliness faded and peace took its place. Rey could feel serenity within her grasp. Except... Somewhere in the vast, deep reaches of the Force, Rey felt a cold, sharp pain. It was far away, very far, but it was familiar. A shiver raced down her spine as Rey recognized the feel of Kylo Ren. In an instant, Rey's emotions flooded back into her--fear, anger, curiosity, longing, sorrow--in such a tangled mess that she couldn't tell one from another. The energy surged so strongly that she instinctively forced it all into the crystal hovering before her. She feared she would burn. The wooden door to her room cracked against the wall as Master Skywalker raced inside, lightsaber in hand. Realization hit him like a brick. He knew that burning light, had felt its presence before. You should have killed her when you had the chance. She grows too strong now. Kylo shoved the whisper away and focused his entire awareness into the image of the temple and the feeling of the girl. Vader’s presence receded, giving him space. If he could get an idea where she was, where Luke was… This could be what he had been waiting on, a chance for a clear victory. She was strong, like bright sunlight in his darkened room. He was stronger still, more disciplined and practiced. At least for now, anyway. He could sense the fear and surprise she was struggling to contain. Kylo shoved them in her face, forced her to feel them. He fueled his own connection to the Force with them, tried to knock her off balance and fish out the information he needed. Kriff, the power of it all. He closed his eyes and felt it fill his body. Muscles straining, cock twitching, nerves humming. The helmet wasn’t the only thing levitating now—half the furniture in the room skimmed just above the floor. Kylo could see none of it right now. He saw ancient temple walls shuddering with Forcelight. He saw a door swing open and crack against the stone. He saw his—no her master’s face lose its composure as he realized what was happening to his Padawan. To Rey's closed eyes, her master was alight with the Force. The air crackled with the weight of their power resonating through the Temple's sensitive walls. The crystal shook and wobbled precariously in the air, threatening to fall apart. Master Skywalker was now sitting in front of her; she could feel him as he opened himself to the Bond they shared as master and apprentice. The immense light of him overwhelmed her even as the chilling darkness from Kylo Ren grabbed at her. Her world cracked open into chaos. Luke pictured twin suns and sand swirling in the hot wind and tried to bring her into the mirage. This was something they shared, peace in barrenness. They had meditated on this thousands of times. It was familiar. Safe. If she could latch on to this, she could bring her world back into order. Rey inhaled, thinking of the sun warming her hair and skin. She strained to listen to the silence again, to regain the peace. It was so close. Her mouth dried. Rey could taste the metallic, dusty air of the desert. But as she exhaled, she heard the power roaring in her ears like the damn ocean waves. The sound of the ocean came back to her then, and she anchored her thoughts on the waves. With each crash, she let a piece of her connection to the Force go. Her body shook with exertion. Shifting her focus from Kylo Ren to her master took every ounce of power she had. Some time later—it could have been minutes or hours as far as she could tell, Rey opened her eyes and looked onto her master's concerned face. The Force no longer shone there, but it reflected a vivid green light. The crystal in her hands was warm now. And it was no longer clear, but bright shade of green. Chapter 2 : Coincidence Notes: Hello, all. I've done a pretty significant amount of rewriting in the first and second chapters. I wasn't entirely pleased with the trajectory of the story and an epiphany led me to redo everything I had finished so far. Please let me know what you think. Thank you for all of the kudos and subscriptions--they are a lovely gift. I hope you enjoy the story. When Kylo Ren was being honest with himself, he acknowledged that meditation and full immersion in the Force had been difficult since Starkiller. Snoke had waved it away as yet another step in truly experiencing the full, chaotic power of the dark side of the Force. Kylo had hoped his master was right. Killing Han Solo should have eliminated the Light and irrevocably plunged Kylo into darkness—and before last night, he was sure that it had. But now, he could feel the lingering traces of warmth and light that had resurfaced during his encounter with Rey. They toyed with him, skirting at the edge of his consciousness. A soft caress here, a sweet song there—they were so brief and so small that he thought that he was imagining them at first. As the evidence mounted, however, he could not ignore the Light that stayed so tantalizingly close. He stalked the halls of the Finalizer , his heavy footsteps drumming with his heart. It had been two months since he had last seen his master in person, two weeks since the last holocall. Kylo needed to contact him now, but he could not bring himself to send word. It was… difficult to bear the presence of his master when the Light was so near. Kylo could still feel the weight of the Supreme Leader’s last call, could feel that deep power crawling through his memories. Kylo had allowed the intrusion gratefully last time, eager to prove just how completely he had turned away from his family. And yet, Snoke never saw the last soft touch of Han’s fingers on his cheek. Maybe he had ignored its existence on purpose. Maybe Kylo had hidden it without meaning to. Too late now—if Snoke saw it now, Kylo would surely be accused of harboring an attachment. There was no such attachment, no matter what Vader had insinuated, but why else had the memory slipped away so conveniently? “Broken, the crystal is,” croaked the faded blue image of Master Yoda. “Fail you in battle, it will.” The circle of ghostly masters had examined the Ilum crystal with Master Skywalker for nearly an hour, judging by the sun’s movement. Rey could still feel the masters gently probing the glowing crystal with the Force. It was grass green—a lovely color that astonished her still, even after so long on Ahch-To—but the light flickered erratically and the crystal showed the beginning of several hairline cracks deep in its heart. Master Skywalker nodded slowly as he withdrew his tremendous connection to the Force from the little green crystal. “We will have to start over completely. Padawan, can you determine what went wrong?” Rey bit her lip as she felt out the strange little choking heartbeat the crystal had. It felt overwhelmed and tenuous, like a speeder unable to withstand the torque from a too-large engine. Her diagnosis sounded clinical as she relayed it to her Master. As frustrated as she was, it did her no good now. “When I encountered Kylo Ren during my meditation, I panicked and lost control. I released too much power into it at once. It overpowered the structure of the crystal, causing it to fracture and weaken.” “An accurate analysis,” agreed Master Skywalker, looking Rey in the eyes before turning to the other masters in the room. “And one that illustrates a larger problem. What I felt in that room... I have never experienced such a fluctuation in the Force. It felt like the Force itself was being ripped apart.” Two Stormtroopers straightened and saluted as Kylo Ren walked past the—oh where was he now? The mess hall. It didn’t matter; this was not his destination. Kylo kept walking. He should have predicted this—shutting off the Light in his life made his path the Dark murkier. For so long, his direction had been to go anywhere but home. He could no longer see a redemption to run from. His mother surely hated him now. He hoped she hated him. So then, where was he headed? Where was the path to Darkness that he had sought for so long? He was on the wrong floor right now. He should be on his way to his quarters at this time of night. Kylo had slept poorly after last night’s encounter, his mind racing. The Force called to him so loudly in his sleep that he couldn’t tell if it was the Dark or the Light singing to him. It was all just so loud, so kriffing loud. He couldn’t block her—it, of course he meant it, why had he thought her?—out. It was irritating. Rey sat as still as she could while the masters took turns probing the Force around and in her. She tried to command her mind into a meditative state as they talked about her, but her curiosity kept her from fully relaxing. Anakin Skywalker was conspicuously absent today, Rey realized with relief. She felt uneasy around the round-faced older man. It could be hard to differentiate between Anakin and the fawning memories of Vader she had lifted from Kylo Ren’s mind. Unbidden, images of Kylo Ren holding a twisted, melted mask flooded her vision. He talked to the mask regularly. She wondered if it ever talked back. Master Qui Gon Jinn’s soft voice brought her back into the room. “Rey?” She inclined her head, hoping that the master could not see her blush. “I apologize, Master.” “It’s understandable, Rey. There is a lot for you to consider.” He was always so forgiving. “Padawan, tell us again about your first encounter with Ben Solo.” Rey pursed her lips. She had relayed this story several times in the past five months, so many times now that she almost had a script. She closed her eyes and recalled the tall trees and the sharp and sweet scents of the soil and leaves under her feet. “I was running in the forest on Takodana and he was looking for BB-8. I tried to shoot at him, but he used the Force to freeze me. He somehow knew that I had seen the map and then I fell asleep.” The passcode to his quarters had changed again and he fumbled to enter the correct one. He was changing it every three days now. Visions of an invader had haunted him for months now. Kylo did not have the gift for pre-sight like his Masters—Master—had, but he knew not to ignore such a feeling. He laughed as the door opened. Perhaps last night had been the invasion he feared. He sat his mask—new and less comfortable than the last, a penance for his failures—on the side table. He wanted to sleep, but his thoughts betrayed him. They were loud, persistent, crashing over him in painful reminders that he could not control himself. Kylo reached into the Force, trying to harness just enough power to give him the strength to still his mind. Faint shimmers of life surrounded him as he felt out the presence of the staff and soldiers aboard the Finalizer . He turned his attention to the emptiness of space, trying to find just the smallest bit of silence. Rage built as the darkness eluded him. The sick-sweet pulse of the Force struggled to fill him as the Light continued to brush against his mind. And, then, just as he finally grasped a piece of darkness, a hot wind brushed everything aside. He surrendered to the heat of that wind, willed his body to feel nothing else. His clothes fluttered in an imagined breeze. Sweat dried as soon as it formed on his skin. The noise and clutter of his mind withered into dust and flew away as finally, Kylo Ren fell asleep. Master Qui Gon Jinn turned away from her again. “I believe we can set the Bond theory aside, Luke. They no doubt had a very strong connection for a moment, but as strong as they are, evidence of a Bond would not be so hard to find now.” Rey watched carefully as Master Skywalker nodded. His emotions and thoughts were impossible to read, even with the help of the Force. A Bond between Rey and Kylo Ren? It had been such a struggle to develop the beginnings of the Bond she had with Luke. Even now, it was much weaker than the legends had led them to believe. “Perhaps this brush with Kylo Ren was just a coincidence?” asked Master Kenobi. He was the only one who used that name when describing Ben Solo. Rey wondered if it was a habit he developed when his own Padawan had turned to the Dark Side. Maybe it was easier. “Extremely rare, coincidences are.” Master Yoda answered. “Forever searching for balance, the Force is. Difficult for even the strongest Jedi, escaping the pull of the Force can be.”