No Light Rey puts up a fight the second she woke up from unconsciousness. She doesn't know what happened or how she got here but she responded quick. He has her in his arms, his grip tight on her. Her hands and legs were bounded but it doesn't stop her from fighting. She swung her arms and hit his face hard. He was wearing his mask still and it only intensified her hatred for what he was and what he is now. He slammed her down to the ground and started to kick her. "It doesn't have to be like this." She tried to get up but he kicked her down to the floor. She winced from the pain as he put his foot on her to keep her still. "You can join me," there was aggression in his voice. "What's the other option?" she spat out. She swung her body and knocked him down. Kylo Ren went on top of her, using his weight to keep her from moving. "There's no other option." To her surprise, he unties her wrists. Her heart skipped a beat. She felt him looking at her. His gaze was strong and she realized then he was trying to read her. "Get out of my mind!" she screamed at him. She let out a punch but he blocked it, his hands locked on her wrists. He squeezed her wrists, intensifying the pressure of his grip. She gritted her teeth and tried to use her legs to push him off of her. "I'm not a monster," he responded calmly to what was on her mind. He pinned her arms above her head with one hand as he took off his mask. Her skin tightened at the sight of the scar on his face. She was responsible for it and she couldn't help to but to stare at it. He leaned down and locked his eyes on her. There was softness in the way he looked at her. Rey felt her body shake. She hated it when he took off his mask. Every time he did, he was humanizing himself and it made her perception of him change. "No matter what you think, I'm not. I'm only doing whatever is necessary for the greater good." Her eyes narrowed. She saw right through the way he was presenting himself. He was being calm through all of this as an attempt to persuade her. "Yes. You are," she bit out each word. "You tear families apart. You kill innocent people - you killed your own father. You don't even have any remorse for what you've done." Rey shook her head. "I will never join you." He yanked on her hair out of anger. His mouth was twitching. His was patience was slipping and they both knew it. "It must kill you to refrain yourself from losing your temper, doesn't it?" she said, baiting him. She wanted him to lose his temper. She wanted him to break away from this act so it would be easier for her to hurt him without feeling any remorse. Kylo Ren smirked at her, letting his hand slip to her face. He gently cupped her cheek. "I know that's what exactly what you want so I won't." He felt her heart racing. "I don't need to read your mind to know that you're attracted to me. And I know that you hate yourself for it." She pushed him off of her and started to hit him out of anger. He laughed and wrapped his arms around her in the way lovers did. Rey squirmed and hit him harder. "Get your hands off of me!" she screamed, punching his chest. He was letting her hit him and she knew it. He was still holding her, smirking. He was amused. Amused by her fit of rage and her passion. She hit him then, kicking him down as well, slamming his body down. Rey tried to untie her legs and run but he forced choked her before throwing her body against the wall. He pinned her to the wall. "Try me," he bantered. She puts up a fight still even though she was pinned to the wall. She wasn't going to give up. Both let out fits of passion - hitting and pulling. Screaming. Shouting. He kept his gaze on her while she barely looked at him. He was trying to make her feel weak but she wasn't going to let him. As time progressed, she felt her body going out but she kept going. Everything was a blur now. Unfocused. Almost intoxicated. He still has her pressed against the wall, her arms were free. She was heaving, her fingers were numb from clawing his face. Sweat was trickling from her chin and so was his. She feels him, he was resting his cheek on her shoulder. He's breathing into her...he was like her. He let himself run on his energy and passion. No surrender. She senses him - he was in her mind again. He pulled away and stared at her, making it impossible for her to look away. "Finally you see that we're not that different after all." "You're trying to manipulate me but you can't. You can't convince me. You can't force me." "You feel it too. You feel the connection between us but you're in denial. That's why you can't look at me." He leaned and tried to kiss her. She slapped him but he was unfazed. There was no anger or rage in him. She expected him to force himself on her - to kiss her and have his way but he didn't. He just stared at her, waiting for another response from her. He was still human. There was some light in him in still...but barely. "Don't you want to know if the connection is true?" he tempted her. Rey blinked, her mouth twitched. She thought for a long time as he waited for her to respond. Her eyes flickered momentarily before she shut her eyes. She leaned and kissed him. She felt a jolt. His lips are soft, slightly calloused. She pulled away the second he tried to kiss her back. His eyes lowered as she swallowed the lump in her throat. It was wrong to kiss him - he was manipulating her - he was going to hurt her but she wasn't sure if that was true either. She leaned and kissed him again, letting him kiss her. There was some light in him still, barely. Chapter 2 : Let's Play Pretend Everything was going over her head. She was letting him kiss her. No resistance. No refusal. Both were intoxicated, wrapped in the moment in each other. He still has her against the wall, peppering kisses on her face. He kisses her roughly, lips crushing against hers - his teeth pressing into her mouth. He was like an animal - wild and mindless, fueled by passion. To her dismay, she was kissing him back with passion to match. She kissed him wildly as well, trying to assert some sort of dominance but he takes all of her in. She shoves her tongue into his mouth, trying to overwhelm him but he isn't threatened at all. He sucked on her tongue aggressively, pressing himself against her body. She breaks apart the kiss but kisses her again. She moved back once more. She stared at him without an expression on her face. Kylo Ren looked at her, his jaw started to twitch. She was taunting him. His blood started to boil and he let out a growl. He leaned to kiss her but she resisted. She put up a fight then, but it was a playful fight. She kept pushing him and dodging each advances, a smile slipping from her. He grabbed her by her face and kissed her. He kisses her, letting himself travel down to her throat. Rey fidgeted the second he sucked on her throat. She closed her eyes but he doesn't stop. He's licking her neck slowly in long streaks - his tongue is warm and yet she shivered each time his tongue had contact with her flesh. He bit her, sinking his teeth without a second thought, leaving a bruise. His teeth graze on her shoulder as he slid her down to the ground. He went on his knees and shifted back slightly, creating space between them. His teeth was still in her skin as he untied the rope that was binding her legs. His eyes flickered to hers, the scar on his face came into focus. Rey's heart skipped a beat. The sight of the rope, brought her out from her euphoric state. She remembers fragments of what had happened. She was back in the Resistance Base, visiting the others after training with Master Skywalker and Kylo Ren took her. He took her and knocked her out - and put her here, in his room. He stroked her face, soothing her from the memory but all Rey could see was how sinister he could be. "You're going to use me," she stated, putting her hand over his lips. She didn't want him to kiss her. "You're going to manipulate me." He took her hand from his mouth and interlocked her fingers with his. "But I know it doesn't bother you." "This isn't right," she slipped her hand from his hold. He had hurt many people - his father - her - and she let him touch her. She kissed him. "Then why does kissing you feel so natural?" he countered, calmly. She wasn't sure if his calm nature was a facade. "It's nothing but physical attraction." "It's more than that." "It isn't," she snapped. He took her hand again and placed it on the temple of his cheek. "You have my interest. I want to know how you managed to survive living in Jakku on your own. I want to know how a scavenger became such a gifted pilot, mechanic, and fighter." "But you also want to know how powerful I am and connected I am with the Force," she said firmly, her hand still on his cheek. She finds herself tracing the scar on his face. He was attractive - dark curly hair, serious brown eyes, all set with strong and sharp features. "And also have you with me." "Fighting along aside you," she frowned. "I won't turn my back in what I believe in." She watches his lips curve into a crooked smile as he breathing went heavy from her touch. "There's so much I can teach you," he countered. "You just want me as a trinket." "You say it as if it's a bad thing," he curls into her hand. Her skin tightened. She senses his loneliness. "I want you as my lover," he scooped her up in his arms. "I want you as my partner." She doesn't resist. She wraps her legs around his waist. They both know this was the only time they could be like this before returning to their beliefs and roles. "You know we can't," she answered. No hesitation. Nothing but truth. "I won't betray my beliefs." "And I won't betray mine either." He laid her on his bed and crawled on top of her. "But right now we can play pretend," he tempted her. Rey blinked as he left kisses on her neck. She grabbed his face, "Under my terms. We'll stop whenever I feel uncomfortable." He nodded. It scares her - how consensual this was. She was giving him his consent and he was going by her guidelines. She expected him to force her but he doesn't. "Why would I force you?" he said, reading her mind. "Why aren't you? You have all the power to do so." "Forcing you won't make you love me. I don't want you to do whatever I want. I want you to love me under your own will. There's a difference." Her cheeks became red. He laughed and kissed her cheeks. She shifted, grabbing his face closer to her. She kisses his scar, every inch of it, letting her lips trace along the cuts. He lets out a moan, pressing himself against her. She feels his erection, how hard he was. Her lips trail down to the section of flesh underneath his chin. She sucked on the spot as his hands met the rim of her clothing. She stops him. Kylo Ren blinked, there was disappointment and darkness in his eyes but he nodded. He places his head on her chest, feeling her warmth. "I won't sleep with you but can I touch you?" Rey's heart skipped a beat but she nodded. It was wrong but it felt so natural. He sits her up with ease. He's giving her bruises on her neck as his hand gropes her clothed breast as his other hand ran up her thigh. She lets out a whimper as her body started to heat up. He's growling - his body shaking - lust taking over. "Let's play," he whispered. The lights go out then but it only made the situation more dangerous. Chapter 3 : No One's Here to Sleep "Every carpet, every floor Everywhere I look I fall Climbing up the walls, I'm climbing up the walls What goes on behind these doors I'll keep mine and you keep yours" - No One's Here to Sleep by Bastille It was dark but he knows his way around. His hands engulfing her, making her feel small in his grasp. She was at a disadvantage while he wasn't. "Let me sleep with you," he said, letting a growl into her ear. She could feel his stare burn into her, even in the darkness. "No," she remained headstrong to mask her fear. Adrenaline was pumping in her veins as she felt him meet contact with her cheek. She swats his hand away from slipping into her blouse. She crawled back, creating space between then. "You and I both know that no one's here to sleep." "You said that you will respect my wishes," she hissed. "That was until I realized that this is the only time we have before returning back to our allegiances. So why not relieve ourselves?" he goes on top of her in a predator manner. She shuddered. There was madness in his tone, obsession. His calm demeanor vanished, revealing the animal he was. He was like a snake, wrapping himself around her body strategically. "Tell me. Yes or no; I will obey," he whispered, pressing his head against hers. He rubs his face against her skin, taking in her scent. His skin is calloused and rough and yet smooth at the same time. "Will you let me leave after this?" "Yes but after this there will be no mercy. No mercy for you or for me." Her heart was burning. It was wrong but she wanted him too. Just for tonight. "Let me love you," he pleads this time but still he had dominance on her. "Do you think that your feelings will go away after tonight?" "I'll try. I want these feelings to go away as much as you do," he kissed her cheek. He doesn't miss. He was connected to the darkness. "No one has to know." "I want the lights on," she says without hesitation. "I want to see you." He nodded, making the lights turn on. He strips himself from his clothes first, throwing them on the floor. He's still on top of her, letting her take him in. Kylo was motionless, allowing her to be familiar with him. Allowing her to be comfortable. Rey pushed aside her conscience and stroked his face. She couldn't help but admire his sharp and prominent features. He had high cheek bones, an elongated nose, and sharp chin. She suddenly became aware that he was older than her by the sight of the lines that laced his was ten years older than her at least but she was drawn to him regardless. He was lean and muscular with a sturdy frame. Her fingers run in his hair once more - he's inhaling her, knowing that this would be their last time. Her hands slide down to his shoulders, running along each curve of each muscle. He's stare is intense, locked onto her. He was breathing deeply, using all of his will to control himself from jumping her. Her hands travel to the scar on his body. He got the scar from their encounter before tonight - when Chewie had shot him. Rey couldn't help but to marvel at the burn. "I was impressed," she admitted, her face became blotched red. "That you fought me and Finn even though you were injured." She saw flashes of the event - of him punching the side of his body to stop the bleeding, blood trickling on the snow. He flashed her his teeth wickedly. Rey touched his teeth then out of curiosity. She doesn't know why but she does. She had never seen anyone like him before - so unusual and handsome. She runs her fingers gently - his teeth are slightly crooked but she found him attractive still. His eyes are shut now, his body relaxing from her contact. Her head was hurting, it hurt so much to be happy to touch him - to see him melt into her hands. But after this, it'll all be over. Kylo Ren sat up, pulling her as well, so she was facing him. He peels off each layer of clothing from her body until she was bare. He pulls the ties from her hair, making her hair go down. He lifts her so she was sitting on him, his fingers sinking into her bare waist. His gaze lingers at her body - she was smaller than him, petite with a slim waist and small breasts. She is muscular but she was mostly skin and bones from her years of struggling to get enough food portions. He imagined her to be more full, more curved but she wasn't. Her figure was slightly boyish and lean and there were scars on her as well. But he wanted her more somehow. She wasn't perfect as he imagined, she was human. She's trembling in his hold and he doesn't ignore this. "Do you still want me?" his voice is low, there was desire in his eyes. Lust. "Yes," she said, the adrenaline was taking over her. This was dangerous but she didn't care. "You're so small," he stated as he touched her breasts. "I feel like I will break you," he smirked to himself with pride. He feels her nipples harden and he started to tug on them, hardening them even more. "I'm stronger than I look." He chuckled to himself, his eyes on breasts. "Feisty girl," he said in an amused tone as he took her breast into his mouth. He sucks on her almost viciously, his other hand massaging her other breast. He brings her closer to him as he went back on forth, sucking on both of her breasts. Rey jerked slightly, moans escaping her mouth. "You're so sensitive," he mutters with pride, his ego getting the best of him. She tugged on her hair out of spite. He smirked and bit into her right breast before sucking on her hard. He went back and forth - sucking on her breast and kissing her shoulders - her face- her neck - everywhere. She kissed his head during all of this and it scares her how almost lovingly it was. He tightens his grip again, trying to hold on to this. She feels suffocated but she didn't care. He was kissing her frantically an somehow she was smiling - enjoying his affection. His hand runs up her leg, feeling her thighs. "I can feel you," he pulled away and looked at her. "You're so wet, I don't even have to touch you to know," he said in an intimidating tone. She was wet, dripping onto his skin. "But I want to touch you regardless," he slipped two fingers into her folds. She was hot and moist - he licked his lips. He wanted to taste her. He sank his fingers deeper in her, watching her eyes widen in confusion and want. "Does it hurt?" he asked. She nodded. "Do you want me to stop?" She shyly shook her head. He smiles mischievously and stopped. He had her at the palm of her hand now. He slammed her down to the bed and goes in between her legs and licked her. She was so wet - he wanted to lick her dry. She tasted sweet. He went back and forth - licking her and kissing the inner part of her thighs. She was moaning, her legs twitching - she was losing her self control. He pulled away and kisses her cheek. To his surprise, he kissed her very gently. "Touch me," he said sternly, his lips were wet and his hair was tousled. She stares at him for a long time at his erection. His cock was hard and long - pulsating. She tried to get up but he doesn't let her, his hands pinning her down. "Touch me," he says again. She tried to get up but he only tightened his grip on her. She couldn't help but to be startled. "I told you to touch me," there was anger in his tone. "How can I when you won't let me?" she asked with confusion. "Figure it out." She touches him with her feet then, rubbing him. His cock was hot and she feels him getting wet. Her heart was racing. She had never done this before but she goes on, rubbing the tip of his cock with her foot. She blushed as he moaned. "You never done any of this before have you?" he asked her. "There isn't exactly a lot of fascinating suitors at Jakku," she spat out. He smiled to himself. He positioned himself and slowly put himself inside of her. "Can you take it?" Her eyebrows furrowed as he slowly went inside of her. He was huge - she feels a sharp pain and he wasn't even all the way in yet. She breathed unevenly but gave him a self assured look. "I can take it." He shoved his cock all the way inside of her, watching her tremble in shock. "Somehow I doubt that." Chapter 4 : The Reality of it All He helps her into her clothes, helping her tie her clothing from behind. He was already dressed and was taking his time, trying to keep her here longer. He kissed the back of her neck as she puts her hair into three buns. He kisses her very slowly, letting himself linger onto her flesh. She turned at him, her face went white at the realization of what they had done. Her body was sore and she could still taste his come in her mouth. "Do you regret it?" he asked, touching her bruised lips. "No." They had slept together and to her dismay, she enjoyed it. She enjoyed it just as much as he did. He kissed her again and touched her face. "Do you feel any remorse when you killed your father?" she asked, her heart was racing. She had a bad habit of talking out of impulse. Kylo Ren froze for a second and she froze too, afraid that he would break out in a fit of rage. But to her surprise, he doesn't. He continued to touch her cheek. "No." Rey sensed bitterness in his tone. "You're lying," she said without a doubt in her mind. "I can see guilt in your face. And your thoughts are not as hidden to me as it once was," she said sharply. There was no fear in her because she pretending to be brave. "I don't miss him," he said coldly. "But Ben does," his voice went low. He looked at the floor and pulled away from her. She sees it - what was running in his mind. She sees his guilt - his remorse - his fear. "I'm sorry," she frowned. He shook his head and eyed her coldly, his charm melting away before her. "Run," he ordered aggressively through gritted teeth. "Run as fast as you can before I change my mind." Her body went numb. He glared at her, lifting his hand in the air. Rey shook as memories of him force choking entered her mind. There was nothing but darkness in him. "Go before I change my mind," he threatened, his jaw twitching in anger. Rey obeyed and ran as fast as she could. It was cold and dark but she kept running, ignoring the signs of her body deteriorating from exhaustion. She was in shock - shocked on how effortless it was for him to switch his nature without hesitation. He had mercilessly left her into the dark reality of it all. What they had done was wrong and she knew that he would use it against her. She was disgusted with herself for letting this happen - for wanting him. Rey was shaking and heaving - she didn't expect for him to have such an effect on her. Her leg got caught on a bush, thorns sinking into her flesh but she kept running even though her leg was bleeding. She was afraid - afraid if he was coming after her. His mind worked solely on impulse and she felt that she was in danger. He was faster than her - stronger than her. For once she felt vulnerable. She felt manipulated - weak - spineless. She was terrified of what will come. All she could hear was his voice calling after her. Rey. Rey. Rey. She turned around but there was no one there. She kept looking back and realized that her mind was playing tricks on her. Rey shook her head and kept running. She doesn't look back. She didn't know where she was going or how to get back to the Resistance base but she kept going until she managed to find her way back. "Rey!" Finn called out, running to his friend. It was day time now and she had been running for hours. He wrapped his arms around her. "Where have you've been?" he asked with relief. "You've been gone for a day." She paused but no good excuse came to mind. She was exhausted. "I'm sorry I was practicing and I kind of lost track of time," she feebly responded, painting a smile on her face. Finn stared at her, seeing right through her facade. Her neck and arms were covered in bruises and her leg was bleeding. "What's going on Rey?" he frowned. Rey laughed weakly, her voice going out. "Nothing." "It doesn't look like nothing," he lifted her arm. She saw flashes of herself kissing Kylo Ren - of him taking her - and herself eager for all of it. She remembers it all - too clearly. She remembers the sound of his voice when he told her to go - when he threatened to hurt her if she didn't. Rey cringed and swallowed hard. "I-I need to go back to Master Skywalker," she said as she ran to her ship. "Rey what's going on?" Finn went after her but she was too far for him to catch up to her. "Rey! Rey!" he called out but she kept running. Poe was fixing his ship and noticed Rey frantically running and Finn chasing after her, calling her name. Poe pulled her by the arm before she could go inside the Millennium Falcon. "What's going on?" Poe asked. She shook her head, her eyes were burning. "Nothing." Poe leaned in, tilting his head to get a better look at her. Tears were running down her face. "You're crying," he stated, frowning. "What's going on?" "Nothing," she snapped, trying to push him away from her. "Just let me go- He didn't. "Nothing?" It doesn't look like nothing." Poe saw right through her lie. Something was wrong and he knew by her tears and the way her body was trembling. She looked so small and fragile instead of the lively and proud person he knew. Finn caught up to them. He panted - trying to catch his breath before speaking. "Something happened Rey," he breathed, his eyes were full of concern. "Nothing happened," she gritted her teeth. She was crying even more. Anger bubbled within her as she tried to stop herself from crying. From being weak. "You can tell us," Finn coaxed. "We'll always be there for you," Poe loosened his grip on her. "You can tell us anything." "I can't tell you," her voice cracked. She couldn't tell anyone. She had slept with her enemy - the monster that hurt her and her friends. He killed the closest person she had as a father figure - his own father. She had slept with him - and she wanted to and she agreed. She wanted him even though he had hurt her and put her into unconsciousness twice. She wanted all of it and she hated herself for it. "It's nothing." She couldn't tell anyone. If anyone knew they would be ashamed of her - disgusted. "If it's nothing why are you going away?" Poe calmly asked, testing her. "You've only been here for two days - technically one day because you went missing." "Why are you running away?" Finn asked, crossing his arms. "You and me promised each other that we will never run away. We promised that we will always stay to fight and face our problems." Rey shook her head and wiped her tears. "Do you guys trust me?" her voice was empty. "Yes," they both answered. "Then you have to trust me that nothing's wrong," she said without any emotion. She was desperate - desperate to leave and leave herself alone with her thoughts. "I'm just stressed from all the pressure. I need to go back and train more - to better myself. But I promise you I"ll come back and help out. Do you believe me?" she said almost too convincingly. "Of course we do," Poe said as he hugged her tightly, patting her back. He let go of her, allowing her to go to her ship. Poe and Finn watched her fly away until she was gone. "Finn," Poe called out, his eyes were locked into the sky. "Yes?" "Watch BB-8 for me. I'm going after her," Poe said as he ran to his ship. Chapter 5 : Different Rey landed on the nearest planet she could find. The planet was very lush and green. Nothing but forestry. She went outside to walk around and to think but he was there. Poe. He was there, waiting for her. He was sitting on a rock with crossed arms. "Hey kid," he says smoothly. "Correct me if I'm wrong, is this where Luke Skywalker stays?" She sighed. "What's going on?" Rey shrugged. "I don't know." "You can tell me," he persisted, going close to her. Her throat began to burn. "I just need some time on my own." He frowned even more. He got up and gestured her to sit on the rock. She obeyed with raised eyebrows. "Stay," he said, his hand wavering over her. Rey nodded and watched him go inside his ship. He returned with bandages and disinfectant. "Very well but you should go back to the base. No one should be alone." Gently, he rolled up her pant leg to clean her cut. Poe swallowed hard at the sight of it. The scar was huge and her leg was covered in dried blood and new blood. "I'm used to it," she winced as the disinfectant met contact with her open flesh. Growing up in Jakku, she couldn't afford even the necessities of food and water, let alone bandages and disinfectants so it felt so strange to her. Painful almost. When she got injured in Jakku, she would merely barter for water and use scraps of torn clothing to protect the cut. "Yes but there's food at the base," he smirked, knowing her need for survival. "And your friend Finn." She laughed and watched him. He was very gentle, dabbing the cloth lightly to alleviate the stinging. His hands went up and down, wiping the blood away. She had never had anyone be gentle with her at all. The closest person was Kylo Ren. Rey's skin tightened as her cheeks became red. "It scares you doesn't it? That someone cares for you?" Rey laughed weakly. "It scares me more that two people care for me." "That's so sad." He realized then how hard it must be for her to open up - to show any sign of weakness. "You shouldn't be scared. Finn and I and BB-8 care for you and so does the whole Resistance base." He started to wrap her wound with bandages. "I know it's hard to open up and I understand - really I do. But you to have know that everyone in the Resistance base has your interest at heart. Take all the time you need. When you're ready to tell me, I'll still be there," he gave her a sweet smile. He tightened the bandage and rolled her pant leg down. "There." "What if that changes though?" "There's nothing you can ever do to change that," he assured. He bit his lip, she looked startled. She was shaking, memories of Kylo Ren's face entering her mind. "What if I don't have the Resistance base's best interest at heart?" her speech was becoming slurred and frantic. "What if I let them down? What if I betrayed them - She broke down in tears. Poe grabbed her by the wrists, attempting to calm her down. "Rey you have to relax." She was trembling and her breathing was becoming heavy. Poe's heart skipped a beat. He had never seen her like this before. "Rey! Listen to me." She looked so small and fragile. Her anxiety was getting the best of her. "I know you and nothing you can do can change how I see you. I see a loving girl. A headstrong and brave girl. Nothing you can do can ever let me down." Rey closed her eyes and cried even harder. He embraced her then and held her tight. She buried her face and sobbed into his shirt. "It's okay. It's okay to cry," he whispered, rubbing her back. He let her cry. A part of him wanted to cry but he didn't. Poe felt it - the loneliness in her. He could feel it - how much she wanted someone to be there for her and how much it scared her to depend on someone. What was it like? To never have a family? To fend for yourself as a child? To never really a have a friend until now? He let her stay in his arms until she stopped. She pulled away and feebly wiped the tears from her eyes. Her eyes were red and her face was swollen. "You must think I'm pathetic." Poe shook his head as he swept the strand of hair away from her face. "No, no I don't." He kissed her on the forehead then. She feels something - it wasn't the same way she felt when Kylo Ren kissed her. It wasn't the same way she kissed Finn on his forehead when he was injured. She remained quiet and looked at him - the warmness in his smile and in his eyes. It was different. He was different. **** They returned back to the base, with Finn eagerly waiting for them. "You're back!" Finn exclaimed. He rushed and hugged the both of them. Both Rey and Poe laughed. "How long are you staying?" Finn asked her. "Three days and then I have to go back to train with Master Skywalker." She knew she had to stay here to let herself relax before facing her master. Her master was a wise man and she knew that eventually he will find out, one way or another. "You must be hungry Rey, you should eat," Poe said. "I will once I clean up. I'll meet you guys there," she said. She leaped into Poe's arms and kissed him on the mouth. "Bye," she said as she left. Poe blinked. Finn's mouth opened wide. "What was that?" he demanded, asking Poe once she left. "Nothing," he emphasized. He was surprised as well that she had kissed him. "She's just thankful that I talked to her." "Are you sure?" he asked doubtfully. "You know that I like her - "I'm sure," he chuckled. "There's nothing going on between us. She's just a friend," he painted a smile but felt his thoughts running wild. Chapter 6 : It's Coming Closer Notes: I have a tumblr: hernamewasalicewriter I also have a fanfiction account: hernamewasalice Rey met up with her friends in the dining quarters. She had been so wrapped around her thoughts of Kylo Ren that she was unaware of her friends' discomfort around her. They gave her false smiles as they sat down and ate. Her mind submerged into memories of Kylo Ren that she was oblivious to the silence. She remembers one of their first encounters with each other - She wakes up in a dark room, strapped to a metal bed. Her eyes take in to a man with a menacing mask. Rey blinked -she wasn't sure if he was a droid of some sort or human - she can hear him - she can hear him breathing. Her heart skipped a beat as he approached her - her skin tightens -she remembers him. He had carried her off after he had knocked her down - she knew by the way his touch lingered. She remembers it - the first moment he took off his mask for her. To her surprise he was quite handsome - he had unusual features but the way he carried himself pulled him all together. He looked at her with eyes of passion and showed her what was underneath his cold demeanor. He showed her his pain - his insolence, his loneliness, his confusion, his passion. His eyes were beautiful - and the way he lowered them when she used words of fire only made her drawn to him. Ren was aware of her attraction towards him and he didn't hesitate to use that against him as he interrogated her. He went closer and closer to her - she refused to look at him though but he knew she wanted to. He kept talking during all of it - her breathing was getting heavy and he enjoyed it - he was breathing deeply as her. They were taken in by each other's auras and the way their bodies gravitated towards each other. Ren wanted to touch her face when interrogated her - Rey knew that for a fact. She knew when his hand reached out for her but he stopped himself. He let his hand hang in the air as he shifted his head slightly and closed his eyes with satisfaction of how much he had an effect on her. Their tension was strong and it hadn't died out after all this time - it only intensified. "I'm done," Rey said, pulling herself from her thoughts. "I'm going to go rest," she painted a smile for her friends. "Rey," she heard a voice call out for her. She turned around and found him standing there - Poe. He was standing by himself and looked flustered. She was about to open her door but stopped herself. "Yes?" "Can we talk? Alone." She raised her eyebrow but nodded, letting him inside her room. "What's wrong?" she closed the door. They were alone with the walls as their witnesses. "I wanted to talk to you about earlier," he frowned, there was distress in his tone. "About when you...kissed me," he ran his fingers through his hair. He was uncomfortable talking about it. "I'm not sure if I gave you the wrong impression when we talked - "Oh." That. It completely slipped from her mind. "You're a good friend and I don't want to lose you- "Sorry about that earlier - I just didn't know what came over me," she admitted. It was out of impulse - she didn't think much of it. She did many things out of impulse. "Are you okay - with us being friends?" Rey laughed. "Yes," she assured. "Don't you worry one bit." Poe laughed uneasily, trying to read her. "Are you sure?" "Yes," she punched him in the arm and grinned. "We're friends and I want us to always be friends." Poe let out an relieved sigh. "Good. That's good, you know- There was a knock on the door. Rey went to open the door and found Finn heaving and panting. "What's wrong?" she frowned. BB-8 was next to Finn, telling them to hurry. "There's an attack in the neighboring planet - twenty storm troopers are burning down villages - we have to stop it." **** They rushed into Poe's ship. The second Finn and Rey were seated, Poe flew at a rapid speed. They don't hesitate with taking down the storm troopers. Ever since she started training with Master Skywalker, Rey was swifter - more skilled. She became more aligned with her light saber and takes down five on her own without a struggle. Finn and Rey fight side by side - she sees a storm trooper from the corner of her eye about to strike Finn from behind but she strikes the storm trooper. Just like that. As they fought, BB-8 and Poe went around taking out the fires. Within minutes they had taken out fires and took out all the storm troopers. Villagers came out and went to thank them but Rey kept her guard up. Her eyes narrowed as she looked around. Something was right about this victory. This was too easy - she knew Kylo Ren well and she knew something was off. This - this was a trap. She closed her eyes and senses him - Kylo Ren. He was here - waiting for a moment to attack. She ran into the forests, holding her light saber tightly. "Rey!" Finn and Poe called out for her. She didn't hear them - she kept running - going further and further into the forest. "I know you're out here!" she screamed, peering around. "Come out here now!" she shouted, her lungs were burning. She was losing her composure - she wanted to face him - she wanted to hurt him. She hated what she had done with him - she hated herself for being so weak. So foolish. She hears him - she hears laughter. She looked around but he wasn't there. Rey moved frantically, looking up and behind her - "Come out and fight like a man!" she ordered. "Fight me - She feels someone touch her back. She turned around and was about to hit the attacker but she stopped herself - Poe. It was Poe. He was standing in front of her with a concerned look on her face. "I'm sorry," she blushed. "I thought you were someone - "Else?" he chuckled. "It's okay I get that a lot." His laughter faded and frowned again. "Are you okay?" "I feel someone else is here -" Rey frowned and twitched. Something in her wanted to protect him, Kylo Ren. "Besides that." Poe didn't care about it at all. Rey was slipping - she was frenzy with her actions now. "You've been different since you came back. You're out of your skin - are you okay?" "Yes," she couldn't look at him in the eye. Poe touched her forehead with the back of her hand. "You're heating up. Once we're done, you have to go to sleep - Rey hugged Poe tightly, burying her face into his chest. She can feel Ren watching her - she can still feel pressure in between her legs. She just wanted security - she wants to feel safe - she wanted to run and hide. He pulled away. "What's going on?" She shook her head, her breathing was tensing up. "Nothing." "Stop it with this 'nothing.'" Poe touched her cheek, his eyes lowering. She was frightened - someone had done something to her - Kylo Ren. Poe can see it on her face now. "You can tell me anything," he coaxed, stroking her cheek. Rey found herself going closer to him. She covered his hand that was on her cheek with hers. She looks at him - she looks at the compassion in his eyes. Poe blinked and cleared his throat. "Rey - He stopped himself from talking as a storm trooper appeared and attempted to shoot them. They ducked and the storm trooper ran deeper into the forest. BB-8 and Finn suddenly appeared and all four of them went chasing after the storm trooper. "Where is he?" she asked. "I don't know," Finn answered. "We have to separate." She nodded and went on a different route. ******* Rey sees the storm trooper and chases him, trapping him to the edge of the cliff. She swung her light saber and hit him but he fought back. He kicked her and shot her in the arm. Rey dropped her light saber and winced. She tried to kick him but he pushed her off the cliff. She hung on to the edge of the cliff, desperately trying to get up with one arm. Her wounded arm - the pain was getting worse. The storm trooper laughed and started to step on her fingers - A white figure pushed the storm trooper away. Storm trooper's scream startled her and she lost her grip. She fell but then - she didn't. She feels as if she was suffocated -as someone was controlling her. She struggled to move but she couldn't - her body was levitating on its own. Her eyebrows knitted but then she saw him, Kylo Ren. His hand was in the air and he was using the force to pull her up. The storm trooper was laying on the ground, unconscious. Kylo Ren lowered her to the ground gently and then released her, allowing her to gain back control of her body. She blinked. She wanted to say something but she was speechless. It was surreal seeing him after last night. He didn't feel real to her. He felt like a ghost - a figment of her imagination. He was dressed in a white tunic and beige trousers and wore brown leather boots. He wasn't wearing his mask and his scar that she gave him was visible - he was dressed as a civilian. She could barely recognize him. It was strange seeing him wearing anything else but black. He picked up her light saber and turned it off. "Here," he tossed it to her, his eyes narrowing. "You don't want it?" she scoffed as she put it away. "I have no use for it when it clearly belongs to you." "You saved me - why?" she demanded. It didn't feel real. Something was off. He bitterly laughed to himself. "Do I need to explain myself to you?" She rolled her eyes. "That would be refreshing." He opened his mouth but became silent at the sight of blood running down her arm. He pulled her by the wrist, pulling her closer to him. "You're wounded. Come with me and I'll assist you." "I don't want to go anywhere with you," she hissed. She tried to free herself from his grip but he didn't budge. "There's an empty cabin near by - I'll take you there and once I'm done, you'll be free to leave - "I want to go back to my friends," she gritted her teeth. "Do you honestly believe I'm going to hurt you?" he squeezed her arm aggressively. Her heart skipped a beat but she realized then that he was trying to stop the bleeding. He tore a piece of his shirt and wrapped it around her arm. She was about to speak until they both heard her friends call out for her. Ren scooped her up with her blood on his hands and ran. "Put me down - "If I do they'll get me - do you want them to take me away?" he countered. Rey frowned. He knew exactly what to say to her. "No," she sighed. She felt like he had tricked her. He smiled crookedly to himself. "You're lucky you saved me," Rey frowned. "If you didn't I would have turned you in." "Your mind tells me otherwise." ***** He takes her to the cabin - it was a few miles down in the forest. Kylo Ren undid her wrapping and cleaned her wound. "Why are you helping me?" her eyes are on his hands. He has her propped up on the counter - his hands were covered in her blood. She feels something - remorse - want. But she didn't want to feel this way towards him. He was worried - worried about her. "Did you honestly believe in what I said about my feelings being gone after that night?" "Yes," she doesn't even look at him. She avoids him - avoids his stare. He chuckled bitterly with exasperation. "I don't believe you. You are smarter than that." "What am I supposed to believe?" she fought back with her words. He shifted back as if she had punched him. He proceeded to aid her her wound, applying creams. "You're supposed to believe in what you feel and how you feel about me." Silence. "Let me have you and I promise I'll be good to you. I'll take care of you - "I don't need to be taken care of," she said stubbornly as he wrapped her arm with bandages. He smirked at her. "This doesn't count," she went red. "Of course it doesn't," he goes along, remaining level headed. "I know you don't but I know you so much better than that. You say you don't but you want to be taken care of. That's why you've been waiting your whole life in Jakku for your family - that's why you hold on to anyone that shows you any bit of love. That's why you hold on to me and that's why you hold on to your pilot friend." Rey shook her head. "Get out of my mind," she hissed. She felt like she did when he interrogated her. He grabbed her by the chin, his eyes were on fire. He looked as if she had betrayed him. "It's not as if I belong to you," she spat out at him. They weren't together - they weren't friends - they weren't any of that. "That may be so." He dug into her mind and saw visions of Poe comforting her - of him kissing her forehead. He saw another vision of Rey kissing Poe on the mouth. "But do you know how that makes me feel?" his eyes went dark. "You regret me so much that you want to forget me - that you want to replace me." "I don't want to replace you - "You just want someone better than me." He turned away from her and stared at the wall. He looked as if she had took his soul away. Rey felt her eyes burn. "I still hold on to you though," he admitted, his voice went low. There is pain in him - conflict. She examined him - he looked tired just as her. He was thinking about her the whole time. He didn't sleep - she was on his mind. "Why do you still hold on to me?" she asked. She jumped down and started to walk around the cabin. He followed her, walking side by side. He was dressed in a similar color palette as her and it made her numb - it made her imagine what it would be like if he was on her side. If he was with the Resistance - he would walk alongside her - fight alongside - but that offer had been long gone since he had killed his own father. "You are everything I wanted in a woman. There's something about you - when I'm near you - everything makes sense. You make sense of me and I can't stand being away from you." "It's nothing but our bodies playing tricks on us." "No." He went closer to her. "It's the Force. It connects us and binds us together." "I don't want it though." When they touched she felt sparks - energy. They became animals when they touched - they touched each other as if they needed each other to breathe - to survive. "We can't control it," he went even closer. "No one else can. It is what it is, Rey," his voice melts to her skin. His body is pressed to her. "I'll hold on to you no matter what." He breathed into her - his breath is hot. Her body curls to him out of instinct. "Will you hold on to me?" She wants to push him away but instead she kissed him. He kisses her not out of lust - it was something else. Compassion, perhaps? Maybe...love. She didn't feel pain on her arm anymore. Pain of wanting him had hurt her more. "Can I have you for all my days?" he whispered. Chapter 7 : Hide "Would you want that?" he asked, dragging his words like velvet across her skin. "Would you want me to never leave you?" She was quiet - his fingers were running along the line of her jaw. "I know you do," he said, extracting the answer from her thoughts. "Your pride won't allow you to give me any affection or show me any fondness but I know you." His eyes lit up then, a smug smile began to grow on his face. "You have to know this, I won't ever let you leave me." There was possessive in his tone, madness. She was about to open her mouth - he kissed her then, crushing her lips with his. He kissed her deeply, pulling away and going back in an intoxicated manner. His arms snaked around her and he lifted her into his arms. He locked her into a deep kiss, sending waves of pleasure to his reluctant lover. He placed her on the bed and pulled away a growl escaping him. She sat up, blinking several times. She was becoming overwhelmed. "Take off your clothes," he ordered as he stripped himself from his clothing. Rey doesn't obey him but she feels her body heat up at the sight of his bare skin. "Will you let me go back to the base after this?" she had a stern expression on her face. She was standing her ground but it was difficult for him to notice when he was stripping her from her garments. It scared her to death that all of this - all that has happened was only in a matter of two days. Tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, she had to go back to her training. "Perhaps," his voice is coy. He unraveled her chest bindings, unraveling them slowly. "Perhaps what?" she snapped at him. "I might allow you to go if you persuade me." Her eyes narrowed at the sight of his crooked smile. She pushed him away from her but he didn't move whatsoever. He went on top of her and ran his teeth along her jaw. Ren cupped her breast and began to grope her as he kissed her throat. "If you push me, I'll push you back," he responded. He squeezed her breast, tugging at her swollen nipple. It was a hallow threat and they both knew it - she pulled him by the hair - he kissed her on her mouth then to frustrate her. "You're moaning," he stated. "You enjoy me. You shouldn't push me away," Ren whispered in the way he knew that drove her crazy, in a tone of taunt and lust. "I'll push you away before you push me," she hissed. She doesn't trust him - even after the sweet words he had told her. It was frightening to her - how easily their emotions changed with one another. "If you don't want to sleep with me, we don't have to," he countered, moving back. She shifted awkwardly - she hesitated. Ren chuckled to himself in satisfaction. "Tell me what you want," he whispered. "You already know," she gritted her teeth, her cheeks are red now. "Yes but I like hearing it," he smoothly said. She shot a glare at him but he laughed, he was amused. "Don't patronize me," Rey's voice was hard. "I'm not going to stay it." He snaked his arms around her, pulling her close to him - she feels him his length. He kissed her then, peppering soft kisses along the temples of her cheeks - comforting her - he was comforting the fieriness of her temper. He kissed her then at her lips. He tugged on her lips and bit them until she flinched. Her lips swollen now -he licked lips like an animal, taking in her taste. Rey couldn't help but whimper from the warmness of his tongue. "I don't want you to kiss anyone else." It sounded like an order. "Don't order me around like I'm one of your soldiers." "I'm not," he remained calm. He leaned and started to kiss her neck. "But as long as I am with you, no one else can touch you but me." Possession is in his voice but it was disturbingly understandable. They had agreed to somewhat be together and it made sense that he was making things clear. "You can trust me," she whispered but the words stung her. He pressed her down and shifted himself slightly. Her breathing was becoming uneven but she slowly open her legs for him. She's squirming, pressing her lips together as he went inside of her. Ren frowned and went in slower, trying to make it painless as possible. This was her second time now and he was aware of it. "Do you regret it, losing your virginity to me?" he wrapped his arms around her, bringing himself closer inside of her. There is remorse in him. It would have been easier if he wasn't her first. Things were fated to fall apart between them and if he wasn't her first, it would have been easier for her to forget him but it wasn't the case. He was her first time, she will remember him, whether she wanted to or not. Rey sank her nails into his bare back and moved along with his movements. "It's a mixed answer," she admitted. She shouldn't have had her first time that wasn't her enemy. He was older than her and controlling and reckless. Ideally she should have slept with a man with good intentions but she wanted Ren more. Ren was the first man that showed her affections and compassion - she was already attached to him as it was and sleeping with him only made it worse. He stopped thrusting in her but he remained inside of her. He wanted to pull out but his body wanted to remain inside to feel her - to consume her. "I'm glad it's you though," her chest was restricting now from the truth. She was ashamed of the truth more than anything. He kissed her and kept going, easing the building pressure between them. She responds to him - kissing him with a matching passion, her body eagerly following his rhythm. Both of them were damned. He kept kissing her, ignoring the thoughts in his mind - until he felt something. He feels a wetness on his eyes. He pulled his face away from her and stared at her - she was crying. "Rey," his voice was shaking. There was an uneasiness in him - something that he never experienced. "What's wrong?" "Nothing," she forced herself to laugh. He pulled out of her and touched cheek. More tears were coming out of her eyes. He felt guilty and hatred over himself for hurting her. "You're crying." She shook her head, her lips were quivering. "No, no I'-m not." "Why are you crying?" Ren squeezed her hand. "Did I do something to hurt you - "No," she said quickly but tears kept running down. She interlocked her fingers in his and held him tight. "Will you always stay with me?" her voice was small. She was heaving now. "Will you never leave me?" He frowned and he stared her - this broken girl underneath him. She was breaking right before him, showing her vulnerability. He had never seen her like this before. There was more loneliness in her than him. "I won't," he soothed her. He grabbed her and flipped her on top of him. He put her on his chest and pulled the blanket over them. She sobbed into his bare chest, holding on to his hand. She was giving herself to him and he knew it. "It's okay, let's just sleep now," he whispered. ***** Rey woke up in the middle of the night finding him dressing her. He was fully dressed. "What's going on?" she asked, allowing him to put her shirt on her. "Nothing, I just want to hold you like this," he laid her down on her chest again. He leaned and kissed her cheek. She nodded and buried herself into him. **** Coldness wakes her up - she found herself on the cold ground - she was in a cell. Her eyes took in the surroundings - searching for Ren but he wasn't there. Her eyes widened and she tried to run but something jerks her back. She looked down and found herself chained to the ground. Chapter 8 : Run Rey tried to break free from the chains. She kept running and tugging, each time she was dragged back to the ground but she kept going. Her hands and feet were getting becoming raw and were cut now, blood spilling everywhere. She kept running and kicking, banging her chains against the ground. She cursed out loud with such ferocity, fighting from her exhaustion. She was drenched in sweat and her lungs were becoming weak. There was no one around but she knew there was at least one camera monitoring her. She hears footsteps then but she doesn't stop from trying to break free. She won't ever stop. Her heart began to beat in joy - a soldier! She can use a mind trick to be free but instead he appeared before her from the shadows, Kylo Ren. His face was covered in the same mask as before and he was dressed in his dark attire. Nothing about him has changed. The only thing that did was her judgement. Her blood was boiling and she wanted to strike him. "What are you doing here?" she screamed through gritted teeth. Her heart began to beat rapidly as he unlocked the cell. He stepped in, taking his time. He was unaffected and his face was unreadable. Kylo Ren went close to her, leaving only an inch of space. "Soon you will see my master's ways," he proceeded over her. "And you will fight alongside with me." "You're a traitor," she bit out. She meant every word. She felt disgusted with herself for being so foolish. She hated herself for allowing to believe his words. He had manipulated her - used her weakness - he had touched her - showed her affection and love. "I will never fight alongside with you or anything for that matter." She had struck a nerve in him - his hand was grabbing her face now with unbearable pressure. "Look at me when you to talk to me," he demanded. Anger is in his tone, there's no guilt whatsoever. Rey's eyes twitched and body was shaking with madness. "Don't touch me!" she hit him. She didn't hold herself back. He moved back but he gripped her by the wrists, keeping her from striking him. "Insolent girl. You will show respect to me." "Did the two days mean anything to you?" her words were like bullets. "You're smarter than that," he responded cruelly. "You're a liar," she spat out. She kicked him but she couldn't reach his body. "You're a bloody liar and a coward. You can't even look at me in the face." She baited him, a small part in her was hoping that he was hating himself - that he was regretting this and that was why he was wearing a mask. Rey desperately wanted to see his face, to look at him and know what he was truly feeling behind the enigma. Ren released her wrists then and moved two steps back. He took off his mask and threw it to the cold ground. His eyes focused on her indifferently. "Am I coward now?" he taunted, flickering his eyes effortlessly. There were no tears in his eyes. There was no trace of sadness or guilt in him. Everything - everything that happened was a lie. She turned her gaze away from him. She couldn't even look at him. This was the man that saved her - that held her when she cried. This was the man, that she had slept will - that she willingly wanted to sleep with. Rey wanted to cry but she didn't. She didn't want to show any other weakness to him. "Get away from me!" she screamed, her eyes on the floor. "I rather rot in this cell than see you." Ren laughed to himself bitterly. He yanked her by the chain, bringing her closer to him - pulling her to the ground. "You don't mean that." "Yes, I do." Rey tried to pull the chains from his hand but his grip was strong. He was on top of her now, restricting her from moving. He took out something from his pocket - it was a thick white cloth. "I am a man of my word," he breathed effortlessly. He yanked her chain again, bringing her closer than ever. "I will never leave you." Rey's eyes widened - she put up a fight but even with struggle, Ren was dominant. He grabbed her and bounded her mouth with a cloth."And I'll never let you leave me." He fastened the cloth with ease and smoothly went to her ear. "No mind trick can save you when you can't speak." ********* The second Ren left, Rey kept going. She kept running back and forth trying to break the chains. Her body was deteriorating, chains were digging into her flesh, scarring her skin. "Relax. There's no use to tire your body out," she hears her Master's voice. She stopped in place and exhaled, barely holding her body together. She was hearing Master Skywalker's voice again. Every time she was in trouble, she hears his wisdom - witness and relive their training. "Let all the anger go out organically. Don't force it out, Rey. Don't embrace it. You must mediate and let it fade by itself." Rey exhaled and sat on the ground. She crossed her legs and exhaled slowly. She breathed in and out and closed her eyes. Rey mediated for hours until she became worn out and needed to sleep. She will find a way out. There was no doubt about it. Her will was fierce as her temper. She will get out, one way or another. She was about to close her eyes until she heard footsteps. She sees a storm trooper now, carrying a tray of food. "If you want to eat, you must not try anything," the storm trooper warned. "There are other storm troopers guarding you several feet away. There is no point." Rey rolled her eyes and turned her back to him. She rather starve than to submit. ***** "Do you know where the control system room is?" Poe whispered to Finn as they they walked around the First Order base. "No. This is a different base. I'm not familiar of anything here." They had followed the storm troopers and managed to get into the base without anyone noticing. They had witnessed a whole army of storm troopers, General Hux, and Kylo Ren take an unconscious Rey to their ship. It took a while to find the base because the First Order's trail ended half way. Finn and Poe hear a sound and they quickly hid, with their weapons fully loaded. Once the sound of footsteps disappeared, they went running, searching for their friend. They see a few storm troopers walking by. A crooked smile appeared on Poe's face. "Finn, are you thinking what I'm thinking?" he asked. Finn grinned slyly. "You and me take these two down, take their suits and split up?" "Now you're talking." ******** Rey woke up to the sound of her cell opening. A storm trooper appeared before her. She quickly sat up and glared at him, anticipating his first move. He walked towards her, holding his weapon in place. He pointed his weapon at her. Rey was about to attack until she realized the storm trooper was freeing her from her chains. Rey struggled to stand and so he helped her. She moved back and stared at the storm trooper. "You're freeing me - why?" she demanded. He was quiet still, taking off her cuffs. "There's no time for questions. We have to get you out." The storm trooper took her by the hand and they ran. They ran by two storm troopers but Rey stopped in place when she heard the two call her name. "Poe? Finn?" she blinked, staring at the two storm troopers. She instantly recognized their voices even with their voices being modified by the helmet. "Yes," Poe and Finn both chimed. "Wait - who's this?" they stared at the storm trooper blankly. "There's no time for introductions - let's go," the storm trooper urged. They went to Poe's ship without any trouble whatsoever. They waited until they were far away from the base before asking the question that was on their minds. "Who are you?" Finn asked the storm trooper. He was the first to speak. Poe was busy flying the ship while Finn was aiding Rey. She looked at the storm trooper, really looked at him. She sensed him. "Kylo," she spoke for him. There was no happiness in her or relief. Only bitterness. He had put her through so many emotions and the sight of him made her sick. He took off his helmet then and stared at her. Both Finn and Poe's mouth opened wide. Poe's eyes were still in the skies but he could feel the tension between Rey and Kylo. "Why did you save me?" she demanded, frowning at him. She stood up and started to walk around the ship. Kylo went after her. Finn was about to follow them until Poe hushed him to sit down and let Ren and Rey to talk it out. "Did the guilt eat you alive?" she bit the words out. "I was planning to save you from the start - "Start of what?" she screamed. "They found us - the storm troopers and Hux - they found us in the cabin. I told them that I held you captive. If they knew the truth - they were going to kill us on the spot - I had to do something." "Why didn't you tell me?" "It was happening all at once - "How about at the cell?" she snapped, pushing him away from her. "There are cameras everywhere!" Kylo gritted his teeth, his temper was slipping. "Snoke was watching us - I had to pretend - show my loyalty - I planned to save you right away and I did - She stopped breathing. Ren swallowed hard. "I'm sorry for putting you through that - "It's okay," she whispered. He had to react quick and do by all means. She wrapped his motionless arms around her and exhaled. He breathed slowly, his heart was beating but barely. It was an empty embrace. They were both still in shock of what had happened."You saved me - why?" her lips were twitching. She was holding on to herself, trying not to cry but her eyes were burning and her mind was racing. There was silence. "You already know," his voice was shaken. He kissed her softly. Finn covered his eyes. "Where to?" Poe asked out loud. Rey pulled away. "Take us to - "Is that safe?" Poe interrupted her, already knowing what she was going to say. "Can we trust him that he won't do anything to Luke Skywalker?" "If we take him to the Resistance base, he will be killed," she swallowed hard. She knew General Organa wasn't going to do anything but Ren had too many enemies that were willing to kill him. "This is the only way." Chapter 9 : Learn She woke up and realized that Ren saving her - it was all a dream. She was in her cell still - her arms and legs were cut and scarred from attempting to break free from her chains. Rey remained on the ground and hugged herself and cried. It felt real - it felt so real. It felt so real - him saving her - them on Poe's ship along with Finn. She sworn it was real but it wasn't. What wasn't a dream was the conversation she and Kylo had. Her mouth was still bounded. Her mind was playing tricks with her. It was dark - it was night time but the whole concept of time was blurred to her. Had she been here for a day or was it a few days now - was it weeks? Rey kept crying, trying to block out her own thoughts that were attacking her. She hadn't felt this way since her parents had left her. She felt betrayed and worthless. "Shh," a voice called out in such a loving manner. "Don't cry." Rey ignored the voice and shut her eyes. It was all in her mind. It was only in her mind. No one was going to come and get her. No one ever wanted her. All anyone did was leave and broke her heart. "It's me Rey," the voice called out for her again. Poe. She quickly sat up and saw him standing there with a soothing smile. He was dressed in his pilot attire and he was alone, standing on the opposite side of her cell. She studied him - it was truly him. Tears welled up her eyes. She was crying not from relief or joy but something else. She didn't know why she was crying. "Please don't cry," he whispered, his smiling falling. Poe quickly unlocked her cell. "I'm here to rescue Rey." He and Finn among many others had been searching for her for days, sneaking into all the known First Order bases. "Finn's not here," he said as he untied her mouth and unlocked her bonds. "He was at a different base looking for you until I told him that I found you. He'll be back at the Resistance base waiting for you by the time we get back." Poe took a step back, waiting for her to stand up and hug him but she didn't. She just sat there in silence, her eyes on the floor. "Rey," he whispered again. She didn't respond to him. She was still as if she was still tied and chained. He frowned as his heart skipped a beat. "Rey," he repeated. Nothing. Rey said nothing. Her eyes were red and her cheeks were stained with tears. Her hair was down and disheveled. She was covered in dirt and blood and her skin resembled close to blue. All the life of her was gone. She was shaking. Trembling. She was broken. Poe's eyes began to burn. "What has he done to you?" he asked. He scooped her up in his arms - she felt lighter. Poe realized then that she hadn't been eating for the past few days she was held captive. "Soon we will back and this will be all over. I won't let this happen to you again," he assured her, pressing her body close to him. Her eyes shot up at his but they were disconnected from him. His skin tightened. He pushed his thoughts away and focused on getting her out of this miserable place. ********* Poe placed her down in his ship. "There's some food in this compartment," he pointed it to her. Rey laid there and stared at nothing. He frowned but he knew he had to wait to comfort her. He had to get her away from this base. Away from Kylo Ren. Poe quickly wrapped her with a blanket before going to steer the ship. ****** Poe flew as fast as he could to get away from the First Order base. Every five seconds, he kept looking back at her. She was laying there motionless, crying silently. He landed on the nearest planet he could find to treat her wounds. He dabbed the cloth and cleaned her face after he had bandaged her wrists and ankles. Poe gently patted her hair down, smoothing and running through the tangles in her hair. "There," he smiled for her. "There's the Rey I know." She cried and began to shake. Poe frowned and embraced her tightly, burying her face into his chest. She was in shock - she was in no position to go back to the Resistance base. She was experiencing high levels of stress and anxiety and there was nothing he could do to bring her out of it. He had to take her back to Master Skywalker. Poe carried her to the seat next to him and fastened her seat belt, securely. "It's okay," he squeezed her hand, sensing her fear. "I'll take you back to Master Skywalker, Rey. Just sit back and relax." He moved and put his helmet on her. He smiled to himself, his eyes smiling along with him. His eyes creased slightly when he smiled and sent a wave of warmth. Her mouth twitched slightly from the sight but she remained quiet. *********** The moment he landed, he carried her out. He held her tightly, keeping her close to his heart. She was asleep now, her fingers curled into him. He had to be delicate with taking off his helmet from her head. She was limp in his arms, almost lifeless. Master Skywalker appeared before them. "She has been through a lot," Master Skywalker observed, studying her thoughts. He frowned but didn't seem as worried as Poe was. He was more relaxed, indifferent. "She was held capt- "I know," he interrupted without a second thought. "I'm quite aware." Nothing went passed him. "Take her to the temple, lay her down in her room," he instructed as he walked away from them, going deep into the forest. Poe blinked but obeyed. He placed her down and pulled the sheets over her body. He sensed something lurking behind him. He quickly turned around and was about to go into a defensive stance until he saw Master Skywalker standing before him, staring at Poe with an emotionless face. It was strange - seeing Master Skywalker in person. Poe had grew up to stories of Master Skywalker's bravery and wholeheartedness. The man before Poe had changed. Master Skywalker was still good but energy and life had been taken out of him over the years. He was worn out from the years, stripped from hope for some time now. "Will she be alright, Master Skywalker?" Poe asked formally. It was still an honor to meet him, his childhood hero. "She will be," he responded slowly. "But not right away." "Oh," Poe bit his lip. "She has to go through a lot of emotional and mental healing before being able to go out into the world," he frowned. "I will put her into extensive treating. She must be able to accept herself and her fears before being ready to confront them." Poe nodded. "I understand." "You must stay here for a while," Master Skywalker said without even giving Poe an option. Poe raised his eyebrow. "What?" "Rey is reliving her childhood trauma. She needs someone to comfort her. She needs you." "She doesn't need me - "She needs you," Master Skywalker's voice was firm and calm. "Everyone she ever loved left her. She needs someone to teach her that not everyone leaves. I can't teach her that but you can." "I'm not the best person for that. You must get someone else - our other friend, Finn," Poe countered. He could feel Master Skywalker reading him, looking into his soul. "I'm a pilot - I can't be in one place for too long. I leave for long periods of times and I'm never- "And yet you're here now." Chapter 10 : Love Oxygen escapes her body. Her vision is weak and her mind is overflowing with anxiety and adrenaline. It's dark and she's surrounded in nothing but shadows and her fear - her pain - her past mistakes. All she did was put all her trust and love in someone; anyone. Anyone who ever came into her life. That was her downfall. It was nothing but a grave mistake. Drowning - she was drowning, encased in the depths of icy water. There is no one, is there? She asked herself. Everyone leaves, don't they? It's not them, it's you. It's always you. First them and now him. She doesn't know how to swim but she isn't bothered by it. She just...accepts it. A figure enters her vision and before she can take in the figure, strong arms pull her up and out of the water. ****** Poe pulls her out of the water and swims to the shore. She's unconscious, her skin stained in crimson red. It was the middle of the night and he had found her sleep walking. "Rey!" he screamed her name, shaking her body. "Rey!" he screamed louder, straining his throat. His hand goes to her chest - she's barely breathing. Her pulse was becoming faint. With firm hands, he pushes the water out of her and breathes into her, giving her air. He has done this before. He had been trained for any situation. Rey coughed the remaining bits of water and blinked, staring at him. He smiled to himself. "Where am I?" she asked. She stared at herself and him - they were both drenched in water and she was shivering. She was freezing and her skin felt raw and beaten from the waves. "Wow, that's the first thing you said to me in days," he said with a false laugh. For days, Rey had kept herself in her room, refusing to speak to anyone. She had crying every day since he had rescue her. She remained in the same emotional state as before. Poe had to monitor her, make sure she was alright. Master Skywalker kept his distance from the both of them. He was an aloof man, but Poe knew that Master Skywalker had his reasons. Master Skywalker knew she had to somewhat come to terms with herself before returning to her training. She had to want his help. She had to be willing in order to heal, in order to let him guide her to the right path. Forcing someone was never the answer. He had learned that too many times from past pupils and his nephew. Rey's eyes lowered. Poe scooped her up. "I'll take you back to temple, okay?" he asked but it was more of a statement than question. "Why are you still here?" she asked dryly. They were in her room now and she was dressed in dry clothes with a blanket wrapped around her securely. "I want to make sure you're okay," he said calmly. He sat on the chair while she was sitting on her bed. "You're lying," she snapped and scowled at him. Poe shifted back. He was startled - she never acted like that with him before. This - this wasn't Rey. This wasn't the Rey he had known, this girl in front of him was a shell of her. "You're here because Master Skywalker told you so. Don't lie to me." He frowned. "That part is true but I'm also here because I care about you Rey," his voice was soft. Her skin tightened, memories of Kylo Ren entered her mind. It felt like as if she was being cut open - bleeding into Ren's hands. "Why do you care about me?" she demanded. "You're my friend," he answered simply, his body almost shrugging. She bitterly laugh as her eyes began to burn. "What does that mean to you?" Poe bit his lip but kept a warm expression on his face. He stared at her and saw right through her facade. She used to chase after love and affection but now she was afraid of it. She was afraid of any bit of kindness given to her. She was afraid of getting hurt and now she was pushing away everyone - even him. "It means that I care about you the way you care about me. And that part will never change." "I'm not your friend," she shook her head, biting each word. She wanted to be cruel. Heartless. Emotionless. She wanted to hurt him first before he could hurt her. It frightened her how Ren was constantly on her mind as if he had been burned into her skull. Her body was trembling, tears were running down her face. "You don't mean that," he breathed, his eyes lowering at her. He wanted to hold her - comfort her. Something in her snapped. "Don't tell me how I should feel!" she screamed. She can feel Ren's presence still. Ren saw her as nothing but a possession, something to own and play with. The days she had been imprisoned by him broke her. The man that asked for her permission and begged for her had kept her in chains and treated her as if she was an animal. He petted her hair and gagged her mouth so she couldn't speak. He kissed her and forced himself on her. "I don't have any control in anything in my life. Can I have at least have control of my emotions?" tears ran down her face. Rey quickly covered her face with her hands, hiding herself from Poe. He exhaled but forced himself to be rational. He sat beside her and gently moved her hand away from her face. "He hurt you didn't he?" he whispered. He frowned, his eyes locked on to her tears. She was crying. She was so alone and he wanted to comfort her but he couldn't. Any contact made her depressed and distressed. "What?" she asked. Her heart skipped a beat. "You call out his name in your sleep," he swallowed hard. He had been watching her sleep from time to time to make sure she was alright. It was heartbreaking for Poe to hear her say Kylo Ren's name after all he had done to her. She didn't know what love was and she gave herself to the first person that gave her it. And every time she said that monster's name, it made his blood boil. Poe wished he was there when it happened. He wished he was there so he would have protected her so she would never experience this pain. He wanted that smile of hers to never go away. "I put two and two together." There was a long silence. "I wish I was there," he admitted. His hand went out for her but he quickly ran his hand through his curls. "I wish I was there to protect you but it's in the past. The only thing I can do is protect you now." "I thought he cared for me," she whispered. Her chest was constricting her, preventing her from breathing. He put his hand on her shoulder. "I know it's hard now but you will find love again. You'll find many men who will do anything for you. That will love you unconditionally," he gave her an encouraging smile. "And there's people that care about you - please don't shut them out," there was pain in his tone. "Please don't shut me out," his voice broke slightly. He was usually well spoken but his own feelings had struck a nerve in him. He blinked, finding himself wiping her tears from her eyes. It felt so natural to him, as if his hand was supposed to be there. "Eventually everyone leaves. They always do," she whispered. "That's not true - "Have you had anyone leave you?" she rasped. His heart skipped a beat. "No." "People don't leave you but people leave me. And I know one day you will." "I won't leave you," he meant it. He meant every word. She laughed to herself but became quiet, realizing her hand was resting over his. "How do I know you won't?" she countered, luring him to a thin line. He moved his hand from her and unfastened his necklace that he kept tucked underneath his uniform. "I want you to have this," he said, holding it out to her. It was a plain necklace with a silver chain and a simple silver ring through it. "This was my father's," he explained. "It's the most valuable thing to me next to BB-8. I wear it everyday for good luck and safety. I want you to keep it," his voice was low. He took her hand out and carefully placed the necklace in her hand. Rey stared at the necklace and blinked. "Why are you giving me this?" she breathed. She was stunned - she could sense love in the ring. It was old and rusted - it was passed by generations she could tell. It was a family heirloom. This meant so much to him and she didn't understand why he would give this away to someone like her. She wanted to refuse the gesture but she didn't. She had never seen anything so precious before let alone had anyone show her compassion. "Because I want to prove to you how much you mean to me," he chuckled softly, watching her light up. His dimples were evident now. "And I want you to have good luck and be safe." Poe moved closer to her and took the necklace from her hand. He brushed her hair to the side and gently put the necklace around her neck. "There," he chuckled to himself, his fingers lingering on the back of her neck. She shuddered from his touch but found herself wanting to be held by him. She hugged him then. She hugged him tight - her heart was racing just from the thrill of holding him and being held. The necklace felt nice on her neck - she couldn't help but touch the ring. The more she touched the necklace, the more she found it beautiful. It sent waves of warmth into her. She feels full. Complete. "Thank you," she whispered, a small smile developing on her face. Her eyes locked onto his deep dark sweet eyes. He was always so at peace with himself and his eyes - she could get lost in them. She had admired him from a far for a while now, even before she had met Ren. She wondered if her feelings ever left. He chuckled and tucked strands of hair underneath her ear. "You're welcome." Rey couldn't help but blush. ******* Fives days passed and Poe had to return back to the base. He didn't want to leave but the Resistance needed him and Rey was finally ready to go back to her training. Poe knew he had to go. He knew when to leave and when to stay. Rey was walking him to his ship, helping him carry his things. He was perfectly capable of carrying his belongings but she insisted. "Take all the time you need to train and find yourself, Rey," he said, taking his bag from her hand. "I will make sure the Resistance is taken care of until your return," he gave her a lopsided smile. She laughed but nodded. "Thank you, kind sir," she teased. She mockingly curtsied. Poe smiled. He couldn't help but find her snide humor endearing. He had a dry sense of humor while she had a quick one. Without thinking, he grabbed her by the waist then and pulled her closer to him. His eyes flickered several times, at what he had done. She was stunned and so was he. He has her pressed to his body that she could feel his heart beating. "I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me," his voice was low. She responded by running through his curls with one hand. She marveled at his soft curls and couldn't help but to smile to herself. He had strong classic features all set with lovely curls. She senses it, their bodies relaxing. It felt different - like it was supposed to be like this between too people. Sweet. Safe. Loving. His eyelids became heavy and he closed his eyes then, allowing her to touch his face. His skin is defined and smooth, much more defined than Ren's. He's breathing slowly, following her movements. She moved her hand away and his eyes shot open with disappointment. "How do you feel about me?" he asked. She thought for a long time. She admired him, there was no doubt about it. She admired the way he looked in his uniform, his bravery, his morality. He was so easy going and humble despite the fact he was a hero. She admired that he was the man that knew what he wanted in life and wasn't afraid to go for it. She would be lying if she said she didn't think about him romantically from time to time. "I don't know," she answered back. "How do you feel about me?" blood pumped to her cheeks. His eyes gleamed in mischief. "I don't know either but I want to find out," he said he leaned to kiss her on the lips. They kissed for a long time until they were breathless. "I love you, Rey," he said, tilting her chin up to him. She wrapped his arms around her and found herself smiling with excitement and joy. There was something in the way he said it - as if he had loved her this whole time. She remembers it, him going after her, he saved her life twice, and he gave her his necklace. Kissing him was different - there was a certain sweetness to it; romantic. "I love you too," she said without a doubt in her mind. She went on her toes and kissed him again and for once, she feels whole. Chapter 11 : Let's Play Again She went into rigorous training; putting her body to non stop hours of meditation, combat, exercise, disciplining herself - making herself stronger. Master Skywalker doesn't falter. He enables her to unlock and reach to her potential - potential she didn't know she had. Each day he makes her go into bodies of water - the lagoon, the sea, the stream - teaches her how to swim- to train her body to withstand holding her breath at long periods of time and adapt to whatever temperature. He doesn't hold back when they spar. He never does. They train until her muscles are past from sore and her skin is raw and worn. He teaches her how to overcome her fears but she had yet to master it. She knows how to but it was easier said than done. She was still attached to her fears, her pain. Her eyes are closed and she's caught in a deep trance during mediation. Master Skywalker examines her, watching her forehead crease as her body slightly shook. "Let go," he instructed, sensing her pain. Rey nodded, her frown deepening. She inhaled and exhaled - trying to relax herself - trying to break through the image of Ren holding her. "Let go," he said again firmly. He could see it, what she was seeing. "You're holding on. Don't let yourself be your own enemy. Let go," he said sharply with slight aggression to shake her from being allured by the vision. Sweat trickles from her forehead - she's panicking. "Rey," he snapped. She's getting misguided by the vision and lets herself be seduced. "Do you hear me?" he asked. She nodded. "Good," his eyes lowered, holding down his frustration. "Now listen to me. Think about what makes you happy." In the vision, she sees a ghost of herself running past her as Kylo Ren attempted to pull her down to the bed. The ghost of herself is smiling, running through fields and fields of lush green. The sun warms her face and she sees BB-8 attempting to catch up to her, tripping over rocks and mud. Rey couldn't help but to laugh. The two visions melted into one, the ghost of herself embodied her then and BB-8 faded away. And now it was just her and Ren, standing in the fields. "Good. Now think of the people who care about you." Finn, Poe, Han, Chewie, Master Skywalker, and General Organa appeared, surrounding Ren and her. He stared at her blankly, his eyes burning to hers. "Now let him go," he ordered. Rey blinked, her jaw dropping slightly. She focused on trying to let Ren go but he was still there in her mind. He was still there among the others - unwavering. Untouched. Ren's smiling at her with a smirk and those condensing eyes. She was shaking now as the hallucination started to take over. "Let him go, Rey," he ordered. Rey's eyes were still closed but she was slowly breaking, giving in to her weakness. "Look at the people around you," his voice was hard. She looked around, seeing smiling and warm faces. Ren was still there, his hand out to her with that charming smile of his. "He doesn't belong here, Rey," Master Skywalker warned. She took Ren's hand and held it tight. "You don't want a life with him. Ben doesn't belong anywhere. If he betrays the First Order, he has nowhere to go. No one to go. He knows that and that's why he holds on to you. There's nothing for him with the choice he made in his life. Don't allow him to seduce you to the dark side. Let him go." Rey quickly pulled her hand out away from Ren - he started to break like glass before her. Rey was breathing deeply, tears streaming from her face. Master Skywalker sighed but exhaled."Let my voice guide you out," he said calmly. "Do you hear me?" She nodded. "Now get out of the vision and open your eyes." She did and found herself struggling to breathe. Her eyes adjusted to the sight of reality and the face of her wise Master. "I'm sorry," she breathed. "I tried - I know I need to try harder - "We'll try again next time," he said, uncrossing his legs and getting up. "There's no use to stay in the past. Do twelve laps around the island and then we'll spar." "Yes, Master," she said before she ran. ******* "You love him," he said the second she returned to temple after her run. "Who?" she asked, feigning ignorance. Master Skywalker frowned, his eyes boring into her. "I see everything, Padawan. There's no use to hide anything from me. You love my nephew," he said indifferently. She flinched from just the mentioning of Ren. "I don't want to though," she swallowed hard. "I'm aware," he sighed. "It's difficult to let go of your first love but once you do, you will be at peace." She nodded, pulling out her light saber. She hadn't used her light saber in such a long time that she was excited, with a slight grin on her face. "But you also love your pilot friend," he added, putting her arm down before she could turn on her light saber. He wasn't going to let her ignore her own feelings. Rey frowned. Ever since Poe had left, she had been questioning herself. "How do you know I love him? How do I know I love him and not just because he's there?" "You're in denial, Rey. You love him and he loves you. I see it in the way he looks at you and hear it in the way you speak of him. You love him but Ren is pulling you away from being able to love anyone but him. He has manipulated you. Not everyone stays with the person they first love. It's only human. Poe is the one you should love. You will have a future with him. You will marry him and have a family with him. Your children will be pilots and fighters. While with Ren, you won't have a future with him. Ren has no future. There is nothing for him. He's too far gone for any redemption." "You used to tell me there was still a chance for Ren," she said sadly. She couldn't help but to pity Ren. She was drawn to Kylo Ren because he was lonely like her. He had pushed so many people away that there was no one left but her. It was too late for him to go back and they both knew it. Luke grabbed her wrist and showed it to her, the scar, reminding her who did this to her. "He used to have a chance but it's gone now. Don't push away from loving someone else - from trusting anyone else. You're only holding yourself back. He wants you stoop down to his level. He wants you to be like him so he won't be alone." She nodded, her fingers reaching to her necklace. ******* Rey finally feels like herself again. She feels like her old self, unwavering and powerful. Strong. Hopeful. Swift. A force of nature. Whenever she was sad, she thinks of Poe, she thinks of Chewie, BB-8, and Finn, and Leia, and the times she shared with Han before his passing. She thinks of Poe the most though. Constantly. Whenever he came to mind, she always touched her necklace. Weeks passed and she's able to laugh again and challenge and spite her Master like the old days. "I'm ready," she announced to him, grabbing her belongings. "I'm ready to go - "No you're not," he frowned, coveting his glare at her. She shrugged. She's already made up her mind and wasn't going to let him stop her. Rey was antsy from staying too long on the island. She wanted to get out. "I want to visit my friends - "No you're not. We both know your ulterior motive. You want to fight Ren. You're not ready, Padawan." "I am ready," she said with confidence. She didn't care that she was defying him. "I already made up my mind." "You're making a mistake." "Even if I do, it's good for me to make mistakes, right?" she countered with a gleam in her eyes. Luke frowned, she reminded him so much of Ben when he was young. "I'll learn from them and be stronger." "Not another word," his tone was sharp. "You're not going anywhere." "I don't want to continue to hide away in isolation while the Resistance needs me. I want to do something instead of nothing," she replied boldly, aware she had struck a nerve in him. Rey didn't mean to say those words but it just came out naturally. Each time she heard news through her communicator, it killed her on the inside. She should be there helping. She should be there saving people. "The Resistance needs you when you're ready." "I am ready!" she gritted her teeth, losing her patience. "You're just like him," he responded bitterly. There was a bit of sadness underneath his words. Mourn. Guilt. "You let your emotions rule you but you can't do that. That's not the way to live. If you do, you'll end up being as miserable as him." She frowned, her chest was restricting. She hated it when Master Skywalker did that. Whenever she was frustrated or lost her temper, Master Skywalker compared her to Ren. She opened her mouth but nothing came out"Fine," Rey sighed, her hands balling into tight white fists. She put her belongings down and went closer to her master. "I'm ready for today's training, master." In middle of the night, she sneaks into her ship. She finds him waiting for her inside; Master Skywalker. He's seated down with an indifferent expression on his face, his arms crossed. "Took you long enough," he mused. She opened her mouth but nothing came out. She felt small then and felt horrible. "Nothing gets passed by you, does it?" she asked. "Never." Master Skywalker stood up and made his way out of the ship. "Where are you going?" she asked. He stopped and turned around to face her. "I have to let you make your own mistakes," he frowned. "Then you'll be able to face your fears and grow." He touched her head. She was like a daughter to him. "I'll be waiting for your return but until then, may the force be with you, Padawan." She smiled slightly but her eyes were burning. "May the force be with you, Master." She hugged him tightly before she flew away. ********* Rey goes to the base unannounced, but the second Poe, BB-8, and Finn recognized her ship, they came rushing to her. "Rey!" Finn called out for her with a wide grin. He hugged her first, squeezing her tight until she was blue and purple. Poe and Rey laughed. He puts her down on the ground and she jumped into Poe's arms. Poe laughed and swung her around in his arms. She was about to kiss him until he placed her down on the ground. She blinked at him. She frowned -she couldn't help but to be stunned. "Rey there's something wrong with your ship. I'll help you fix it," Poe said out of nowhere, taking her by the arm. "What? There's nothing wrong with the ship," she responded. "Stay there," he instructed Finn and BB-8. "It'll be a quick fix." "What's going on?" she asked. "I haven't told Finn yet," he answered the second they were inside her ship. Rey raised her eyebrow. "Why didn't you tell him - "I don't want to hurt him," he admitted, running his hand through his hair. "Well he's going to get hurt one way or another," she countered. She couldn't help but to feel angry. All the conversations they had on the communicator, he insinuated that he had told Finn already. "I'll tell him myself," she said immediately. She didn't want anything else to be complicated. She rather be straightforward and get it over with before it got worse. "No - I think it will be best if I tell him." She crossed her arms. "How long will it take you?" she demanded. "I'll tell him before you leave - how many days are you staying?" he gave her a lopsided smirk. Rey couldn't help but to laugh. She nudged him in the arm. "Just three days, lover boy. If you don't tell him by then, then I will." He held out his hand to her. "Deal." "I missed you," she admitted, blushing. "I missed you too." He leaned and kissed her on the lips. "But for now, let's keep this a secret." ******** The three caught up with each other, filling along the gaps. The three had been all separated from one another with their responsibilities and wanted to make up for lost time. The only down side was that she and Poe couldn't find any time alone together. Either they were going to different planets to fight storm troopers, had meetings with General Organa, or were visiting planets to help rebuild homes and tend to the sick and injured. When they had time together, Finn or Chewie would want to tag along. It was horrible. The last time they saw each other was when they kissed and she wanted to know how things were now with them since then. She doesn't know what they were really and how together they were. Were they casually dating or were they more? They both never really settle down and decided on what they were exactly. Still, she enjoyed spending time with them. It felt like just as before, when they were all friends. The three days were bliss and being near bright personalities helped her heal. It was nothing but nonstop laughter and fun - well almost. Ever since she came back, everyone has been looking after her, guarding her almost and it drove her crazy. She can understand why though, she had been imprisoned by Kylo Ren for several days but she wished they could look past it. She was able to stand on her two feet and fight - that should be enough for them. She was heading off to her ship now with Poe and Finn trailing beside her. She insisted she was fine but they were holding her bags. "Be safe okay," Finn said. Rey shot him a dirty look but smiled then. "I'm capable of taking care of myself, thank you very much." Finn and Poe both laughed. "I'll let you slide with our deal," she said to Poe. She wanted to tell Finn but at the same time she didn't. She didn't want to ruin her visit with them. She had been going through so many things in the past month and she needed time to be happy. "Next time, okay?" he asked. "Okay," she punched him in the arm before she gave him a look only for him. Poe smiled and gave her a wink. She was about to speak until their communicators beeped wildly. "There's another attack back at Takodana. Kylo Ren has captured Maz," Finn's eyebrows furrowed. He looked up at Rey with a hopeful expression on his face. "I'll help," she answered without a doubt in her mind. Her hands tightened into fists. She sensed him then - Kylo Ren's presence. He was there in Takodana and she felt him. He was waiting for her to walk into his trap and she knew it. Poe hesitated, memories of her crying on the floor entered his mind. "Are you sure?" he put his arm on her shoulder. Rey moved back almost coldly. "Yes, I'm sure," her voice is hard. Ever since she came back, everyone was treating her like she was fragile. She wasn't anymore. She wasn't going to let herself be that person again that broke down in front of Poe. She was strong and a fighter. She wasn't going to be held back and let someone protect her. "I'm ready," she said through gritted teeth, anger bubbling in her. She threw her arm wrappings to the ground, revealing her scars. She wasn't going to hide from him or cry for him. She wasn't going to let someone fight her own battle. Rey pulled out her light saber from her bag and put it on her belt, letting it hang from her waist. "I'm ready to face him." ******** They went into Poe's ship while the other Resistance members went on five ships. The green planet was being destroyed by armies and they had to stop it and save what was left. They were all silent until Finn broke the silence. "I'll make sure nothing happens to you - "Thank you but I can protect myself," she answered confidently. Rey wasn't going to let herself be dependent on anyone, never again. She reminds herself of all the training she did with Master Skywalker and her life back in Jakku. Whenever someone put her down, she brought herself back up. Adrenaline began to pump through her veins - she was ready. She was more than ready. "I know you can," Poe said back, his eyes on the skies as he steered the ship. At the back of her mind, she sees a little girl running after a ship...it was her. It was her long ago, crying out for her family that had left her. She remembers herself waiting - counting the days that became years. "I don't want to be afraid again,"she said fiercely as they came closer and closer to the burning planet that was once Takodana. ****** There were hundreds of storm troopers - burning down the planet and killing whoever wasn't part of them. They had been doing this - going to different planets and destroying them if the people didn't agree to be taken over. The First Order took people and whatever they felt could be useful. The Resistance managed to save half of the planets while the other planets were dead and gone. Ash and smoke filled the air - the once beautiful planet was gone now. There was nothing but coldness. The Resistance split up into sections - half the group went to put out the fires and the other went to save civilians. Poe, Finn, and Rey were together raiding through the castle, desperately looking for their friend. They went to the highest room and found her, tied and gagged to a chair. Kylo Ren was standing next to Maz his mask on the table. His scar was out to the open. Rey's skin tightened. She hadn't seen Ren in so long - he felt like a ghost. Haunting her. But she overlooked it and held her light saber tightly. "Let her go," she ordered Ren. Ren smirked to himself and held his light saber closely to Maz's throat. Poe, Finn, and Rey froze, their minds racing - figuring on what to do. If they made a mistake, Ren would kill Maz. "You have been away from me for far too long," he mused, possessiveness in his tone. His eyes are like fire - he hadn't been sleeping. He had been looking for ehr. His voice was deep and hoarse, matching to his mask's voice. "Nothing I did seemed to bring you back to me," he chuckled coldly to himself. "I burned so many planets - even your home planet and yet nothing brought you back until now. All I needed was your friend to bring you back." "Get your hands away from her!" she screamed. Kylo Ren sensed Poe and Finn's thoughts. With the lift of his hand, he threw them to the wall, paralyzing them from moving. He left Rey standing there, allowing her control of her body. "You've been running away from me, have you?" he taunted. His jaw is shaking, there is madness in him but he remained in control with a light saber at Maz's throat and Poe and Finn to the wall. "Be a good girl. Come back to me and I promise I won't punish you as much." She was disgusted with him - how he wasn't ashamed to stoop so low. "Don't you dare talk to me like that!" she barked at him. Her emotions - they were running wild just like his. She took a step closer - "One more move and I'll hurt all your friends. I'll cut her throat first and then afterwards I'll force choke your friends right in front of you," he warned, pressing the light saber into Maz's skin, scarring her skin. Maz squirmed, her screams were clear. Rey lifted her hand and used all her will to control his body. His hand moved slightly and his eyes widened but he regained control. He laughed to himself, his eyes locked on to hers. "Not bad but not good enough. I can teach you so much more than Master Skywalker," he tempted her. "Let go of them," Rey said through gritted teeth. "Drop your light saber and I will. Come to me and I will." "Stop it with your bargaining, it's pathetic," she scoffed, pushing away her panicking. She wasn't going to break. "I rather have you kill me than to ever go to you." Something in him snapped. With the flick of one hand, he threw Poe and Finn to the opposite side of the wall, slamming then down. Rey could hear their backs crack. "And you rather be with the pilot and let him have my sloppy seconds," he screamed. His eyes bored into her but his arms were twitching from bitterness. Jealously. He relaxed instantly, noticing the shock from her friends' eyes. He laughed to himself. "She hasn't told you?" he asked out loud. "How she cries for me, calls out my name when I fuck - "Shut up!" she screamed, her skin was burning hotly. She doesn't want to remember. She doesn't. "I won't kill you," he added. "You're my pet. I won't and I know you can't kill me," his words burned into her. Taunting her. You're not strong enough, he meant. You are weak, he said. "You live by the foolish code." "I do," she spat out. "And I'm not ashamed of it. I won't be like you. I won't have blood on my hands. I'll never be like you and I'll never be yours." Kylo Ren frowned, moving his light saber away from Maz. He charged at Rey and began to fight her - effortlessly still holding Poe and Finn to the wall. How was he able to do that? Control two people while fighting? Rey couldn't help but wonder but she was quick, blocking each strike and each pull. "We need each other," he said as he violently attacked her. "We are connected," he emphasized. "I can't kill you and you can't kill me. We need each other - it bothers you doesn't it?" he asked with a crooked smile. "That we can sense each other's next move?" he grinned wickedly. "Shut up!" she screamed, swinging her light saber at his head but he blocked it. She feels no love for him, only hatred and repulsion. "We are connected. We are each other's extension," he said with an underlying fondness. He was attracted to power - her power. Her force. Her will. Her strength. Her body. Everything. "I told you before, I will never leave you and I'll never let you leave me. You have a choice, Rey. Be with me willingly or - "I rather be your prisoner," she hissed. "Come with me and I'll spare this miserable planet and your friends," he coaxed. "I don't want anything with you," she screamed. Rage took over her and she kicked the light saber from his hand. She began to strike him, punching him and kicking him. "So be it," his voice went low. Storm troopers appeared and surrounded them. Rey fought them off, not allowing her body to slow down. She fought them off despite being pulled and attacked. She kept fighting. She wasn't going to let them take her friends away. Kylo Ren stood there, watching her with amused eyes. The storm troopers have her friends now and they were taking her to the ship while the other storm troopers had her tied. "You must know when it's time to quit, Rey." "I will never quit." He waved his hand and tried to pull her into unconsciousness but she didn't falter. She scowled at him as rage consumed him. He tried harder, forcing her to go into unconsciousness but she didn't. His jaw twitched and he started to growl. "I won't submit to you, ever," she muttered, entering into his mind - giving him the same poison as he was giving her. She knew he was keeping her friends prisoners to bargain with her again. "What do you want me to do with her?" several storm troopers asked. "Carry her off to the ship and then leave her with me." Rey broke from her bonds and snatched up her light saber, pointing it at him. "Let's play." Chapter 12 : Let's Stay Awake Her eyes, they were beautiful. Hazel with flecks of pure green; the green she had dreamed her whole life. Her soft brown hair unraveled and undone, framing her face and bare shoulders. Beautiful. She's naked underneath him, her mouth was opened and her eyes were wide from shock. She's trembling before him, her eyes gradually returning back to him. She had saw something - a vision - a hallucination - of her running away from the First Order base - her kissing Poe - being saved by Ren and then being imprisoned - going back to her training - all of it...it wasn't real. It was all a vision. What felt like days was only a mere second. Kylo immediately pulled out of her and blinked as well. "Get off of me," she heaved, pushing his bare chest from her. They were on his bed and he had just pulled out of her. He had saw the vision too, it was evident by the paleness of his face. Rey quickly stared at her wrists and arms - no scars. She pinched her arm several times in disbelief. No scars. What they saw - it didn't happen. It was all in their minds. They were naked in his bed and were about to have sex until they had witnessed the vision. Kylo hovered her, his fingers ghosting over her shoulders. Rey wanted to push him away but she didn't. He was showing sympathy to her and his vulnerability. "You saw it too," his voice was low. He doesn't ask if she saw it, he just knew. He knew by the way her body reacted. "What - what was that?" she gathered her breath as she gave him a defensive glare. "I don't know," he swallowed. Rey blinked several times. "A hallucination, I suppose." She thought hard. No. It couldn't be. Rey shook her head. "It felt so real," she said with such energy and fire. No hesitation in her voice. "It was so detailed - I felt all the pain - I think it was a vision of the future." Kylo Ren bit his lip and became silent. "I've experienced this type of thing before," Rey said clearly. Fiercely. Confidently. She was herself. She wasn't the girl in the vision. Rey was strong and resilient as ever. He raised his eyebrow at her. "When the light saber called me - I saw visions," her voice went small. Her skin tightened. She remembers that vision -seeing herself fall and wither apart - being haunted by her past and the vision. He saved her in that vision. "What is this?" she asked, her teeth were almost chattering. When they touched, it was like a fever - spreading throughout their bodies. When they touched it was unlike anything they ever experienced - they craved and yearned for one another. When they touched - they were out of their skin and they were one. They were whole. When they were about to have sex - when he was inside of her - they saw that vision. "I don't know," Kylo responded again, smoothing his hair over. Moments before he was aggressive and submerged into his arousal and lust and now he was pained, pained by what he had witnessed. The vision wasn't real but he knew that this - holding her -kissing her - touching her, it wasn't meant to be. It shouldn't have happened. Ren went on top of her and stroked her face, attempting to hold on to her. Rey lets him. They both knew that after this night, they had to return and be enemies. He was caressing her and touching her and she already missed him. "In all of my years, I've never experienced this before," there was sadness in tone, curiosity. Aggression. Anger. Bitterness. Sweetness. "There is something between us," he lamented, his words burning into her skin. "This connection - I never felt anything like this. It feels stronger than anything, stronger than the Force. It's bigger than anything." Her hands touched the temples of his face. She wants to hold on to him - she wants to never let him go but she knew they were fooling themselves. His eyes went red and all the confidence in him, vanished. "We're not supposed to be together," he said slowly, swallowing the lump in his throat. There was pain in his voice - pain in his face - he looked the same way before he killed his father. There's loneliness in him - she couldn't help but to pity him."There's no future for us. There's no future for me," his jaw twitched. Rey knows this. She knew it from the beginning but a part of her still hopes. A part of her still does the way she believed her family will come back for her. "You can join the Resistance," she said but it sounded like a plea. "You can go back." Kylo smiled bitterly. He stared at the ceiling for a moment before locking his eyes to her. "I'm too far gone. There's no where is I can go but with the First Order. If I leave them, there's nothing for me. No family. No chance of redemption. No one." "I know," the words slipped from her mouth. Tears were trickling down her face. She senses it, the light in him. She sees the light so clearly that she could almost reach it but she couldn't. He killed his father - betrayed his family. Not even his own mother wanted him back. He kissed her cheeks, wiping her tears from her face. "Can I have you for the rest of the night?" he asks pleadingly - desperately. She had never heard him sound like that - so afraid and pitiful. She could hear his heart beating - yearning and aching to be loved. Rey kisses him hardly then, kisses him in approval. She lets her emotions run wild and so does he. Ren isn't holding back. He isn't gentle. He's aggressive with her - tugging at her hair - biting her. He breaks the frames of the bed - slamming her down and thrusting into her. Desperate. Lonely. She's all he has and Rey knew it. In time, she will find someone else and fall in love while he won't. Everyone was afraid of him. She has a bright future while he doesn't. If he left the First Order there will be nothing for him. If he did, he will be nothing but a traitor to both sides. A disgrace. If he left, he would spend the rest of his life wasting away until death. He has to fight to the end - stay with the First Order to at least die someone's hero. To die honorable. "Will you try to imprison me after this?" she asked as he scooped her up from underneath him. He puts her on top of him and makes her ride him. His hands are gripped tight to her wrists, controlling her. Maneuvering her movements. Her actions. Dominating her. Ren bit his lip. "If you do," she began, fully aware that he was contemplating. "I won't forgive you. I won't love you. I will hate you for the rest of my life." Her words were nothing but the truth. She doesn't sugar coat. Her words weren't a hallow threat. Rey knew that this wasn't healthy. This wasn't the way love was supposed to be. "I rather have that - I rather have you locked up and resenting me for the rest of my life than to never have you at all." Ren kissed her head. There's no emotion in him. He's so overwhelmed that he's not feeling anything. He's numb. He's not himself. She should have found his response disgusting and disturbing, but she doesn't. It kills her, to know that something could have happened between them if he didn't join the First Order. They couldn't fought along side together. They could have brought peace. They could have been in love and be happy...and she could have saved him. She could have saved him from the lonely and miserable path he had chosen for himself. "There's no use. I would have escaped within a day," she chuckled to herself, attempting to lighten his mood. He doesn't smile. He doesn't laugh. He looks at her deeply as if he was a child - he looked like her. Ren looked the same way she did when she was a little girl crying for her family. Broken. Kylo lifted her and slammed her on the bed and took her again. He's tired - his muscles are sore and she's writhing away but he doesn't stop. He keeps going until his body gave up on him. ****** They're fighting for dominance - her fingers clawing into him while he uses his body to crush her down. To trap her. To hold her. To keep her still. Their passion is still there - it has never left. He came into her once but he keeps going - savoring her. Loving her. He wants to hold on to her - he wants to remember this when he's alone. He wants to be comforted by this instead of being haunted. It was strange - earlier when they touched it was unlike anything. It was wonderful and powerful - and now it was sad. Heartbreaking. They don't hold back with each other. They're not gentle - they're trying to relieve themselves before this was over but they both knew by the end of it, they'll feel unfulfilled. He came into her again and collapsed in her chest. They both panted, she grasped on to his hair and takes in his scent. It breaks her heart to know that she's the first person to see him like this - so vulnerable. Kylo lifted his head and stared in her eyes. He always stared at her longingly from the moment he saw her. Kylo didn't know why he did until now, he wanted to keep her in his memory. "I have to let you go now," he whispered, his hand on her cheek. Kylo said as if he needed permission to do so. It feels like he's already gone. Rey doesn't cry but she falters still. Without any control of her emotions, she responded in the smallest voice that Rey couldn't even recognize herself. "I have to let you go now too," she whispered, pulling her fingers away. ****** Epilogue: New Life; Earth 2016. It was raining and it was late at night in the city. Cars were driving at a cautious speed while pedestrians were scurrying to go into the subway station and away from the cold and rain. Everyone came in groups and pairs, except one, the a young woman. She looked young, about eighteen or so, with shoulder length brown hair and hazel eyes. She was a slim woman, hidden by the size of her loose clothes. She was walking by herself with only a backpack and a bag. Those were all her possessions. That was all she had, all she ever had. She's crying but no one notices. Rain covers her tears but her despair was evident. She was alone and she had always been alone. The officer that was standing guard - the only one observing her, had noticed the woman for some time now. He had seen her roam the streets by herself for years now. She was always alone, always carrying her two bags. The officer doesn't say anything. He stands still, observing the others, making sure that nothing happens. A man with dark brown hair and brown eyes comes running in and screams out the woman's name, the officer was about to take a step but stops himself. "REY!" the man screamed out. He's exhaling deeply, he's completely soaked from the rain, anger taking over him. The man was older than the woman, ten years or so. The woman turned around and blinked in shock. "What are you doing here?" she hissed as her body tensed up. The man laughed bitterly to himself. "ME?" he emphasized mockingly. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?" he screamed louder, his veins popping out. "What are you doing leaving in the middle of the night like that without telling me? You scared me to death," the man gritted his teeth. He went close to her. "Tell me," his jaw was twitching. "I'm going to stay over at a friend's house tonight," she said, brushing him off. "Why are you running away?" he demanded. "What did I do to you?" "You let me go!" she screamed at him. There was a silence. The pedestrians stopped and stared at the man and woman. The officer stared as well. The officer should have intervene but he didn't. The officer was too absorbed into them. The man and woman - they looked at each other as if they had known each other for a long time. The officer could tell by their body language - the way they spoke to each other. They had old souls and he knew by their auras. It felt like they had known each other beyond that - beyond anything - this world - anyone. The officer couldn't explain it - it was something beyond him. An energy. A force. "Rey," the man's voice went low. "Let's get out of the rain and go to my car. Let's talk about it." She shook her head, tears running down her face. The man wrapped his arms around her then and gave her a small smile. "Okay," she said, responding to his offer. The man moved back and took off his jacket and used it to protect her from the rain. He stayed close to her as they walked away, almost gravitating towards her. The officer smiled to himself. He sensed that whatever was going on between the couple will be resolved. "I'll see you soon, nephew," he said to himself before proceeding to give directions to a family. END A/n: read the sequel "New Life" to find out what happens next :)