Although the times they see each other are usually unplanned anyways, Hux is surprised to see Kylo there. And not just at the base, but in the bedroom, without so much of a word of a greeting. So Hux ignores him, after he recovers from the initial shock of seeing Kylo sitting on the bed waiting for him. Kylo hasn’t even stripped, or even taken off his helmet. He sits with cool disregard, hands resting on his knees. “Apologies for not saying hello, General,” Kylo says softly. “I had not realized it meant so much to you.” Hux hung his greatcoat, and shut the closet. “Why are you here? I thought you were looking for the map to Skywalker?” “We found someone whom was in possession of it, we just need to find out what he has done with it. I’ve sent stormtroopers to interrogate him. I hope you don’t mind that I stay the night.” “Well, I hope you don’t mind that I’m going straight to bed,” Hux replied coolly, undoing his belt and hanging it, and then beginning to take off the pressed shirt. “Hux, please-” “What, Ren?” He snapped, pulling it off. “You show up here once a month and all you want to do is fuck? Not this time, I’m going to bed. So either get out or shut the hell up.” Kylo stayed silent through the duration of his nighttime routine. He didn’t burst into the refresher while he shaved and cleaned himself, and when Hux went back out to his bed, Kylo was sitting in the same position he left him. “Well?” Kylo reaches up, and presses the buttons to release his helmet. He pulls it off and sets it aside. “I’m staying in here.” Hux rolled his eyes and laid on the bed, pulling at the tight mitered corners to pull the blanket adequately around him. “Do you have a meeting in the morning?” “Yes.” There’s more silence as Kylo sinks into the bed, and then begins to slide against Hux’s side. “What’s it about?” “We’re running numbers. Nothing big, but they want the meeting early. I’ll probably be gone when you wake up.” — For most of the day, Hux found that it was easy to do his job. He woke up rather early, leaving Kylo sprawled sleepily on his bed, and as far as he knew, Kylo had left and continued whatever work Snoke had for him. However about mid day, he found Kylo fuming. He was slightly surprised to see him there, but took it in stride. “Have you gotten information?” “No, these troopers of yours are useless. All they found out is that his name is Poe.” “The resistance pilot?” Hux raises an eyebrow at the thought, but turns stiffly away. “Why don’t you just get the information, so you can leave?” “Do you not want me here any longer, General?” “You disrupt my ability to focus,” He replied. “After tonight, I expect you to be gone.” “And what’s tonight?” Hux gave him a look as he looked away, signaling the Kylo already knew what was to come. — It wasn’t until late when Hux finally got back to his quarters. He was exhausted from the workload from the day, and considered just going to bed again. But he knew that wouldn’t work. Not only would he be pissed, but Hux needed a reason to unwind as well, and if it meant staying up just a bit longer, he knew the rest of the week would go much smoother. Besides, it would be far too late. Kylo is already sitting on his bed, hands folded in his lap and waiting patiently like a child in the academy. There’s a long silence between them for moment, while Hux hangs up his greatcoat. “I thought you were never coming,” Kylo admits, his voice raspy. He sounds ashamed, or unsure. “Did you touch yourself while waiting?” He flared his nostrils, but doesn’t notice any added tissue in the disposal. “No.” “Good. Feel free to disrobe.” He doesn’t say a thing, after, simply undoes his belt. He doesn’t feel like undressing just to fuck Kylo. There’s no reason to give him that much pleasure, it should be saved for special occasions. Kylo takes off the helmet first, setting it aside as he draws off his clothing. Boots, cloak, robe, pants. Soon he’s standing naked and cold, hands dropped to his side while Hux coolly ignores him. When Hux finally let’s himself give Kylo attention, he notices the other man is already hard, face painted with distress. “Well,” Hux says, his distaste dripping from his voice. “It’s been too long,” Kylo assures, as if the General will care about his excuses. “It’s not my fault you came without my permission last time. Maybe this time you will ask?” His voice is sharp, degrading. “Get on the bed.” There’s barely hesitation as Kylo scrambles to the bed, ass in the air, face buried in the pillows. Hux rolls his eyes, and opens his closet, pulling a bottle of lube. As much as he’d love to put Kylo through hell and back as he fucked him, stretching, bruising, and tearing his asshole, he also thought about his own pleasure. He unbuttoned his pants, and wrapped a hand around his dick, pumping himself a couple of times to get himself hard, and then poured lube into the palm of his hand, coating his cock. He deliberately ignored Kylo, and when he was certain he was covered well enough, his hands gripped onto Kylo’s bony hips and sunk in. “Oh, God, Hux-” “General,” He corrected. He dug his blunt nails into Kylo’s skin, listening to him suck in a loud breath. He was slow sinking into Kylo. As much as he liked to make him feel the pain, and Kylo enjoyed the pain, an embarrassing trip to the Medical Wing was not on the top of his list for the night. Once he was completely enveloped in his lover’s heat, he took no time pulling out about halfway and slamming back in. The noise that his companion made was fantastic - half a cry, half a shout. It’s only a few more thrusts before Kylo is begging to come. His cock is thick and the tip red, leaking precum. “I haven’t even touched you,” Hux muses. His fingers not into Kylo’s hair, yanking his head back so he can nip and the Knight of Ren’s neck. “After I come, you may.” The panicked cry that follows is almost sad. Kylo knows if he comes before he is allowed he gets a punishment, although the way he enjoys being used every other time, it’s a surprise he doesn’t enjoy being spanked. Maybe it’s because of the humiliation. “I think,” Hux says, barely a breath as he ruts his hips against Kylo. “I should get you a nice cock cage.” He reaches and squeezes, listening to Kylo’s loud abrupt moan. “And throw away the key, so you don’t have to worry about it.” “No, no, please General.” Kylo’s face is flushed, breath ragged, eyes screwed shut. “Well, maybe a nice collar, and a leash to go along with it. That way everyone knows who you belong to-” He stops when he feels Kylo twitch and tighten around him, and he cries out, unable to hold himself up any longer and collapses under Hux. Hux growls angrily and pulls out. Kylo’s eyes are closed, cock softening, come trickling down his thigh. It took him a moment before he spoke. “So, I guess I should get you a cock cage, huh?”