"Kylo Ren!" You screamed following him down the hall but he didn't answer "Ben!" You screamed tired of being ignored by him. You regreted it as soon as he turned around, you could feel the anger on his eyes even though he was wearing a mask. You quickly found yourself between Kylo and a wall "Ben Solo is dead, he was weak and I killed him" he said pulling you into another room by your arm. You loved him and he loved you on his own dark and evil way but you didn't care as long as you 2 were together, an evil and dark love, The guy that betrayed the Jedi Order and the girl who ran away with him, Ben Solo and (Y/N) (Y/L) now known as Kylo Ren and Kiera Ren, 2 Knights of Ren. Kylo pulled your hood back and took of your mask. You could feel his eyes on you, angry, but not much, he put a hand against your cheek and with the other one he took off his mask. While he was doing that you closed the door pushing it with the force. As soon as his mask was off his face you looked up at his eyes trying to record every detail in your mind, suddenly his lips crashed against your in a soft but passionate kiss, you kissed him back trying to keep the kiss as calmed as possible. Your lips opened allowing him to deepen the kiss before you pulled away "Not now or here" you whispered against his ear before putting on your mask again and leaving the room leaving him back. You hadn't walked that much before you felt a hand around your arm stopping you "Put on this" Kylo said giving you a kind of bracelet "What's this for?" You asked while analyzing it "Just trust me" You nodded and put it on your wrist " I'm just making sure you won't be able to leave the Star Destroyer or more important, leaving me" he whispered the last part before walking away probably to a meeting or something like that, leaving you standing there alone "What do you want from me?" You yelled at him " I want you to love me like you do " He answered still walking Notes: If for some weird reason or any reason at all, you want me to continue this, just say it