Hux wonders if Kylo timed this tantrum. He’s certainly done so before. Let his emotions lash in front of any particular trooper or prisoner in order to scare them. But there’s also been more occasions than Hux can count on one hand where Kylo simply just loses it for a few minutes and obliterates whatever is in sight. The last time Hux had seen it was not long after Starkiller had been blown up; on the ship Kylo had nearly cut him right in half in his rage before he’d recomposed himself. But this one seems louder. A few stormtroopers hurry past him, a little too fast to be just making their rounds. Two seconds past them and Hux can hear the familiar sound of lightsaber on metal. He rolls his eyes in exasperation and kicks up his pace, already forgetting what he’d been doing before now only focused on his frustration on the other man. Hux opens the door and steps into the room, face set in a scowl. He isn’t surprised to see burn marks all over the floor and walls, table sliced from the floor and broken into bits. Kylo is frozen in the middle of the room, turned slightly so Hux can tell he’s watching him out of the corner of his eye. The lightsaber is in his hand at his side, shaking slightly in a way that makes Hux hesitate for a moment before closing the door behind him. Is this the first time they’ve been alone together since they were called before Snoke? Hux thinks so. He’s been adamant to avoid Kylo at every turn since that night so he would be surprised if he’d allowed himself to be one on one with him before now. “You’re acting like a child.” Hux states bluntly, breaking the tense silence. Kylo fully turns to face him, shoulders heaving and murder in his eyes. Hux pretends like his gaze isn’t immediately drawn to the still red scar forming on his face. His helmet lays overturned in the corner of the room. “ Me a child? I am acting no more like a child than you are, General.” Hux sets his jaw. His anger seems constantly trying to shift into sadness or lust, which he has to once again force away. Ever since Snoke had- officially- tasked Kylo with killing Luke Skywalker, Hux had been hell-bent on severing their connection. Hux wasn’t an idiot; he’d found Kylo bleeding and half hysterical with rage on Starkiller minutes before it blew. He had seen what had become of him when tasked with killing one measly girl. To be sent soon after the last and yet most powerful Jedi was a death sentence. He doesn’t regret how he’s acted- neither the night filled with fucking Kylo into a mess nor the week after where Hux had barely acted like Kylo had existed. “You are foolish,” Hux steps forward slowly, quiet but voice very strongly filled with anger, “weak, and if you remain as impulsive as you are now then Skywalker won’t have to bat an eye to defeat you.” There’s a flicker of emotion in Kylo’s eyes as he takes a step back, frowning in what's probably confusion before stating certainly “I could kill Skywalker any day.” “Really? Because I recall a girl with no training very nearly killing you. Do you expect somehow a different outcome when you go up against a master?” Hux is glaring, guarded and continuing to kick down his own sadness until the anger is all he can feel, making his gloved hands shake. “That was a fluke,” Kylo insists, broadening his shoulders to make himself bigger. As if he weren't already two inches taller than Hux (more when the mask was on), “I know what I’m doing when it comes to Skywalker.” Hux laughs short and humourless, now stood in front of Kylo unflinchingly staring at the man’s equally hardened face. He whispers, “Snoke is sending you to die and you are oblivious to it.” Kylo’s jaw visibly tenses and Hux doesn't have the foresight to move before Kylo grabs his wrist and whirls him around, pinning his arm behind his back. Then Kylo raises his lightsaber again and holds the blade dangerously close to Hux’s throat. Neither unsettle Hux too much. He’s been at the wrong end of his blade several times before, and the worst he’s come out with is a few stinging remarks and breathing problems for a few days. “Don’t be jealous Snoke is putting all his trust in me and not you.” Hux keeps his gaze set straight ahead, unwilling to give Kylo the satisfaction of looking back at his angry face. He tightens his hand behind his back into a fist and grits out “I would not be jealous to be going up against a man who destroyed an empire when I could not kill a simple prisoner.” Kylo holds him tighter, breathing heavily still as he brings the blade slowly closer towards Hux and smirking when he presses back into Kylo in order to try and get away from it. He leans his head and promptly bites down on Hux’s ear lobe- sexual before it’s painful. “She was more than a prisoner and you know it.” Hux doesn’t yet dare to try and rip himself from Kylo’s grip, but he starts to feel the unstable blade singe at his clothes and the light hairs near his neck. “Simple or otherwise,” he whispers, closing his eyes in an attempt to calm himself, “she’s barely a soldier, and you failed. So it doesn’t strike you odd that in response to your failure, Snoke wants you to cut off the head of the beast?” Kylo’s anger is practically physical. He debates the cons of slicing Hux’s throat right here but decides to hold out just a minute longer. His chest continues to heave with breath as he presses hard against Hux, nudging him forward again towards the blade and catching a soft hiss as he twists the man’s arm against his back. “Snoke knows what I’m capable of,” he growls. Hux finally turns his head a little, one eyebrow raised curiously as he looks at Kylo out of the corner of his eye. He’s watching Hux darkly, breath hitting the man’s neck hard without much consistency. Quietly he comments “I think you both overestimate your abilities.” Kylo snorts humorlessly and moves the lightsaber just a little back. Hux moves his head back and exhales easier right as Kylo is right back in his ear, whispering “I have more control than you think,” saying each word slowly and the insinuating tone in his voice almost draws a groan from the other. Almost. Hux quickly regains himself, scoffing “Right, you’re the obvious pinnacle of control and intelligence around here.” He takes Kylo’s moment of warmth to try and wriggle his arm out from Kylo’s grip. The second he does, Kylo’s offer dissipates and his grip tightens to where he’s now white-knuckled and Hux hisses again at the low string of pain bouncing up and down his arm. Then the blade of the ‘saber comes back up, almost brushing Hux’s skin with the crackling hum that makes Kylo grin. “I can show you how in control I am.” Hux ends up pressing back into Kylo with a wince at both the heat and the increasing numbness now replacing the pain in his arm. He grits his teeth and mumbles, “I’m sure you’ll try as you always do.” Kylo’s nails dig into Hux’s skin and pulls the lightsaber in closer until he can feel his own face begin to warm. “I could tear you apart right now, and you dare to question me?” Hux waits for him to just do it. In fact he’d prefer it, would rather dying as compared to inevitably losing someone he unfortunately cared very much about. His breathing slows to almost nothing, chest barely moving as he tries to ignore the sweat starting to drip down his face. “If I could look inside your head,” he mutters distastefully, “I’d see a scared little boy trying to overcompensate for his fear and weakness. So I suppose I am rather doubting in you, Ren.” And Kylo almost does it. He starts to see red and his glove makes a noise as he grips the hilt of the lightsaber tighter and almost kills Hux right there. But something sadistic in him catches on a phrase the general had used, and he calms himself down enough to the point where he knows he won’t kill the man. He drops Hux’s arm but keeps him pressed tightly against him with the flickering blade. “How about I look inside yours instead?” Kylo’s voice is nearly a murmur, lightly placing his free hand just over Hux’s temple, fingers slightly brushing over the skin. Hux flinches immediately, and it’s a miracle he flinches back instead of forward and directly into the blade. He can feel Kylo poking around for resistance. Hux closes his eyes and tries to force him right back out. His breathing gets heavier and harder the more he seems to be completely unable to get a hold on the force that’s winding its way around his mind. “Kylo, stop-” Hux’s voice is quiet and trembling with rage, because how dare he try and invade his mind like another prisoner. But even he picks up on the slight edge of fear that lingers as he cuts himself off. He doesn’t want Kylo to see him afraid; weak. Kylo doesn’t respond. He pushes harder, admittedly underestimating Hux’s determination to block his mind. But Kylo isn’t worried. Only one person has ever been able to keep themselves hidden from him, and that remains the very rare exception. His hand moves mostly without him even realizing it, until finally the barrier is worn away with a startled sharp intake of breath from Hux. Kylo goes to work just like that, eyes fluttering between open and shut as he flips through Hux’s head like it’s a datapad. It hurts. It feels like someone’s taken Hux apart and has started throwing darts into his head. He wonders if Kylo can hear the memories he’s flipping through like Hux can. They all fly by before his eyes. Mostly recent. Hux can barely keep up, the only thing anchoring him to sanity seeming to be Kylo’s body pressed up against his back, reminding him he’s alive and not seeing his life flash moments after his neck had been burned open. Unfortunately, he’s alive. “Get- out-” Hux grits his teeth, a bead of sweat rolling down the side of his face and he flinches away again as Kylo only seems to rip deeper and deeper into his head, pulling out thoughts and feelings Hux had long since buried and forgotten. “Not until I get what I want.” Kylo answers, pushing deeper. He can feel Hux still trying to resist him, but once Kylo is in there’s no removing him unless he decides to leave on his own. Finally Kylo reaches what looks like what he’s been digging for. He sees the meeting with Snoke where he’s assigned to kill Skywalker and follows the string of thoughts and emotions connected to it. Loss. Or rather the fear of loss. Kylo’s brow furrows a little as he takes his time going through such emotions. He can hear the screams of a child, crying and agony. Violent images run blur together before they start to shift. He feels Hux tense again as suddenly the memory of Hux’s lips on his is shot front and center. More visuals that smash together, but they’re all much warmer and rough. Then the two sensations start to meld, and Kylo finds he has to pull back a little to lessen the intensity on himself. It’s loss and… love. Kylo can't decide if he’s going to cut Hux’s head off or drop the ‘saber and caress him. Hux feels the pressure on his mind retreat a little and barely withholds a hard breath of relief. But his chest feels hollow with realising he knows . And he can still feel Kylo pushing around the thoughts like a stack of cards and he wonders just how long the man is going to stay in his head. Hux just wishes Kylo would cut his throat and get it over with; it’s the least painful option. “So you do care about me.” Kylo mumbles, being careful as he starts to slightly withdraw from the man’s mind. A grin breaks over his face. There isn't a reaction from Hux besides a slight clench in his jaw. His head is pounding. If he could burn his memories physically he would, every single moment they'd fucked and every moment Hux had dared to imagine what more would be like would be in flames. Every last one. “I took every precaution and made every conceivable effort for it not to happen, believe me,” he grits out, eyes still clenched shut tight. “Weak efforts,” Kylo comments in Hux’s ear before starting to really retract himself from his mind. He's careful only so he doesn't snap the man’s mind altogether by accident. His hand rests firmly on Hux’s side, remembering his grip on the hilt and bringing it back to press nearly against Hux’s neck. “But now I understand why you really don't want me to finish my training.” Hux eyes open finally. For all of two seconds, the mixed mess of emotions are on the surface: mostly it’s fear. Three seconds pass and Hux manages to mask his face again, shielding himself at least on the surface. “I’m honoured to be boosting your ego one last time before you die, Ren.” Kylo states simply, “My ego has been fine with or without you.” He watches the way Hux’s chest moves with every uneasy and fearful breath, feeling his thoughts still in ruin. “If you actually cared,” he mumbles, “you wouldn’t worry and let me do what I was created to do.” Hux wants to scream at him. He wants to bat the lightsaber away and yell all the things about Kylo he absolutely loathes and how pissed off he is that he fell in love with such a brat. Easier yet he wants to just walk one step forward and let the blade do the rest. “While it may be hard to believe Snoke did not create all you are now for it to be thrown away on a whim like this,” Hux mutters angrily, “my concern lies only in what will happen to the Order’s plans when you die by Skywalker’s hand and realize I was right.” That's the one that does it. Kylo grits his teeth hard enough to grind them to dust. Then, slowly, he brings his hand holding the lightsaber slightly down. Hux thinks he's letting him go before he feels the heat worsen near his shoulder. That's when the extension digs into his skin; shallowly, but that's all it takes. Kylo feels the man’s body tense, and in his head he can hear the scream he's holding back. Hux stares straight ahead, his sporadic breathing otherwise the only clue to the fact that he's being cut open. “My dedication lies in whatever best serves the First Order, and that entails killing Luke Skywalker. And in that I will succeed.” Kylo moved the blade a little further along, drawing a hiss of pain out of Hux. “Or perhaps my job now is to eliminate those who are unloyal.” Hux actually scoffs, holding himself firmly in place. He refuses to show any further weakness after Kylo had ripped his most selfish interests out of his head. “I suppose once you've done either, you'll do well as his personal bitch, won't you?” Kylo immediately digs the blade further in, a snarl twisting his features into something ugly. Hux crumbles a little, waiting for him to inevitably spin out of the way to kill him already. It still never comes. He's almost annoyed. “I’d rather not take your job,” Kylo whispers, bites his earlobe again, then withdraws the blade and deactivates it. Hux blinks in relief, readjusting to the red glow of the room vanishing and for a moment he can finally push the pain in his arm to the back of his mind. His breathing is heavy. “You're a bastard.” If Kylo reacts, Hux doesn't hear it. There’s the sound of his lightsaber being hooked back into place, and Hux doesn't realise Kylo has left behind him until he hears the familiar click of his helmet being put back on. He really fucking hates that helmet. “Well, General,” Kylo’s voice is replaced by the metallic rasp that Hux gets unsettled goosebumps just from hearing. At least he understands why it's worn. “I’m sure you need your time to suck up to a few more people, I’ll let you get back to it.” Hux remains perfectly still, face masked in a sneer until Kylo walks past him and out the room, closing the door with a flick of his hand. He waits a few seconds, then surges forward to angrily hit the wall. It only takes a step before crippling pain rings out from his arm. Hux falters to a stop and grimaces, looking down at the wound. He can't tell if it's deep, but it's about three inches long (nearly the length of his entire shoulder) and his uniform is burnt and tattered. There are a few scorch marks near his neckline as well. Very, very slowly, Hux starts to rock his shoulder back and forth. It's painful, and he starts biting the inside of his cheek until he feels a familiar taste of blood. He keeps slowly moving his arm for minute after painful minute until he's numbed enough to be able to walk. He opens the door back up with his other arm and proceeds to march down the hall towards the infirmary. Probably to get a new uniform as well. More pressingly, he’s mad that Kylo destroyed another room on his ship. The fucking nerve. The closest they get to reconciliation is months later. It's after Kylo fails in killing Luke, because of course he does. Of course he fails. Hux doesn't feel that bad. He's still recovering from his shoulder injury, and he swears the worst thing hurt Kylo is his pride. Excluding the lacerations and bruising and the reopening of the scar on his face. Excluding that, he's fine. Once Kylo heals, they fuck. It's the first time since their confrontation but nothing's changed. It’s still rough and angry, and Hux still feels as empty as he always does once he’s come, laying with his back to Kylo and falling asleep without saying a word. The man opposite him follows suit. It’s quiet and loveless, and Hux wakes early in the morning, used and trained to think himself alone. It’s always been that way. They fuck, and the other either leaves immediately after or they fall asleep together (but not together ) and by morning, the other’s long since left. Hux starts to move when he registers the feeling of skin against his. He freezes, taken off-guard and his first reaction is to be fearful. Who’s touching- holding him? Without moving his head, Hux looks down at himself. Still naked, but this time there are arms wrapped around his stomach, pulling his body slightly inwards. Legs are tangled together, and Hux finally registers breath hitting the back of his shoulder. He moves minimally to look. It’s the arm with the now dark scar; maybe not technically very dark, but against Hux’s already pale skin, it’s like ash. Kylo’s nuzzled against it in what can only be assumed is sleep. His nose brushes softly against the scar with every little movement. Hux stares at him, conflicting thoughts telling him what to do about this. In his head, it plays out like this: Hux kicks Kylo awake and snaps at him for the intimacy. Then he pushes the man from his quarters and they probably don’t fuck for a long time. Hux isn’t happy but he isn’t miserable either. Perfect indifference finally achieved. But he doesn’t. Hux drops his head back against the pillow and goes back to staring straight ahead, focused on making his breathing quiet. What was Kylo doing? The longer he laid there, the more Hux starts to doubt the man is actually still asleep. Every few minutes he’ll stir, pulling Hux closer against warm skin and head tucking down more to the scar. Hux closes his eyes and tries to sleep after what’s maybe fifteen minutes of this. Then Kylo softly kisses the scar. Hux’s eyes fly back open, breathing unsettled. Kylo can probably tell and proceeds to slowly- almost lazily- but purposely leave more kisses up the man’s neck. Gods, Hux wants to beat his face in; what is he doing? Kylo reaches Hux’s jaw. He whispers, “Sorry about the scar.” Hux scoffs and rolls his eyes. “No you’re not.” “I will be.” Kylo shifts, so close Hux can hear his inhale and exhale before it even affects him. “I’m remorseful now, anyway. I can’t quite say I didn’t mean to hurt you- I did- but-” “What are you doing?” Hux asks softly, finally turning his head to stare at Kylo out of the corner of his eye. He wonders if this is what Kylo is like when he’s not bursting at the seams with rage. Although the slight darkening over Kylo’s eyes indicate he’s annoyed that he’s been cut off. Hux doesn’t care. “Why are you putting forth actual effort?” Kylo rests his chin on Hux’s shoulder, shrugging at him. “It’s what you wanted, right?” “Ren, if you dare to be patronizing me-” Hux abruptly shuts up, though not of his own accord. He glares at Kylo, who in turn just shrugs again- “You talk too much”. He has every reason to elbow the man hard in the gut, but he decides he’d prefer to have control over the rest of his limbs, so Hux just drops his head back down and exhales hard. Kylo has the nerve to be patronizing him. He should beat the hell out of him. “It’s not that,” Kylo finally says, putting his fingers on Hux’s stomach. The sensation would be comforting at almost any other moment. “It’s… exploring. Testing.” Hux is one more sentence from violence. But all he gets is silence. He feels the metaphorical muzzle on his vocal chords drop, but Hux remains quiet as well. He wonders if Kylo is attempting to probe back into his mind, but he suspects he’d recognize if that were ever to happen to him again. And there’s something about the situation suggests that maybe Kylo doesn’t want to go back down that road. Minutes pass. Finally Kylo pulls Hux so now they’re facing each other. Hux’s knee-jerk reaction is to recoil back, searching the man’s face for his intentions. Kylo seems to be searching him similarly, jaw firmly set. It’s more familiar and yet untouched territory. They’ve laid like this together, although they’re usually high on adrenaline and anger. Never sober like this. Hux is uncomfortable with the staring although he refuses to be the first one to shy away. Kylo pulls Hux closer yet and puts a hand on the side of his face, running thin fingers over the skin. Hux decides then that Kylo definitely still has a few screws loose and really he shouldn’t be indulging him so much as taking him right back to the medbay to be reexamined. But then Kylo leans down and kisses him slowly, and everything else goes fuzzy immediately. The first thing that comes clear is warmth. Hux is kind of surprised he’s never noticed, but then it dawns on him that they’ve never kissed out of the moment. He’s never paid attention to it before. Hux decides fuck all if this is patronization and closes his eyes, moving so their foreheads brush together. Kylo’s hand slowly moves to hold the side of his face properly, and finally that’s when Hux’s better judgement makes him break it. “You made it clear you didn’t want me.” Hux murmurs, opening his eyes. Kylo’s eyes are open too, slightly lustful but mostly foggy in what seems like confusion. “I do now.” “It’s not-” Hux starts to get angry, but he interprets Kylo’s statement as more naive than malicious; which is a first. “It’s not that fucking simple , you can’t just-” “You surprised me.” now it’s Kylo’s turn to cut him off while Hux is annoyed. “I wasn’t expecting what I saw when I looked in your head.” Hux realizes Kylo is sort of right; not that he’s going to openly admit it, but the gears in his head click. Hux has never outwardly shown much affection. Their relationship has been limited to loathsome glares and on occasion relieving the stress and frustration on each other. It was a silent agreement to keep it like that. In a way, Hux had broken the deal first. What comes out first is “If you hadn’t looked in my head, we wouldn’t have this problem to begin with.” Kylo exhales in frustration. “Were you planning to just pine over me like a miserable widow?” “You were planning to go off and die, either thought is fucking stupid-” Kylo kisses him again. It’s angrier, and he bites down on Hux’s lip as if to say “don’t you dare pull away”. Hux takes slight comfort in the return to familiarity, the return to anger. He kisses back, one hand going down to run across Kylo’s collarbone. There he can feel a mark or two from last night and gets a little caught up in being proud of that. Right as he starts to really get into it, Hux feels Kylo draw back. Both their breathing is labored slightly. Hux opens his eyes first. “Do you still want me?” Kylo asks quietly, keeping his eyes shut. Hux stares at him. He shouldn’t. Even by any logical reasoning or anything of the sort, Hux knows why he deserves the scar on his shoulder. They’re not supposed to be attached; they’re not supposed to be gentle. It’s not too late for Hux to push Kylo out of his bed and by consequence, out of his personal life entirely. “Yes.” he answers. “You understand,” Kylo opens his eyes almost lazily, slowly watching Hux’s otherwise blank face, “what’ll happen to us if we’re caught?” Of course he does. Hux has overseen half of the tortures designated for people in their positions doing the things they’re about to do. “Yes.” Hux kisses him now. Kylo immediately follows, pressing their foreheads together and it’s passionate. Hux practically goes limp when he feels Kylo wrap an arm around him and tug him closer. Their bodies press together tight while Hux brings his hand up to hold their faces and keep them firmly connected. It’s warm and seems to say everything that had previously gotten clogged up in Hux’s thoughts. It goes on long enough that by the time Hux realizes he needs to breath, Kylo’s already pulling away to catch his own breath. Kylo cracks a genuine smile- one of the first Hux has ever really seen- and it feels right. Notes: follow me on twitter @esbskysolo!