“Just take it easy, alright?” Poe says, Finn nodding a little too vigorously in his attempt to convince both himself and his friend that he isn’t worried at all. “Just point and shoot. We’ve been over this before, remember?” Finn emits a startled laugh at the reminder of the very first time they met, and Poe smiles, Finn’s reaction clearly the one he was going for. Finn nods, glances down at the ground. “Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, I’ll keep that in mind.” It’s stupid, but he really wishes he could fly with Poe into battle, someone he knows and trusts, rather than a stranger. He also wants to be able to keep an eye on him, keep him safe – but that’s besides the point. “Good.” Poe sounds satisfied, but when he notices Finn’s remaining apprehension, he grabs his arm, reclaiming Finn’s attention and making him look up. Their eyes meet, and Poe looks determined. “Hey. You’ll do fine. You’ll do great. Okay?” Finn hesitates, but then nods, Poe’s certainty rubbing off on him. Poe’s grip on his arm tightens just a little bit. “And when we get back, we’re getting hammered, to celebrate. Right?” Finn nods again. He can’t seem to be find any words, right now, for whatever reason. Instead, he just keeps his eyes on Poe, lets his gaze ground him. There’s commotion around them, people hurrying back and forth, readying the X-Wing Fighters and preparing to head out, but Finn isn’t really paying attention. For a second or two, all he can see is Poe. Poe takes a breath, nods firmly, and just like that, the moment is broken. “Okay,” he says, clapping his hand against Finn’s shoulder in a reassuring gesture, before letting it fall to his side. He chews his lip, pauses. “Be careful, alright?” “Yeah,” Finn says. He quirks his eyebrows. “I’d say the same to you, but…” He cocks his head, and Poe chuckles. “Fair enough,” he says. He keeps his smile as their gazes lock, but before they can resume that casual staring Finn has somehow gotten used to by now, he turns around and walks away. It’s a strangely unsettling feeling to see him go, but Finn barely has time to turn away and exhale heavily, before his attention is rerouted, yet again. Poe doesn’t say a word as he grabs Finn’s arm again, nor when he uses the grip to pull Finn back around to face him, and definitely not when he unceremoniously leans in and presses a quick, hard kiss to his lips. It’s brief, startling, and somewhere in the back of Finn’s mind there’s the vague shout of shocked glee at the realization that this is actually his first kiss, and it’s with Poe Dameron, and before he knows it, it’s over. Poe pulls away, unabashedly meets Finn’s gaze, his jaw set. “Be careful,” he says. “I mean it.” Finn doesn’t have a chance to reply, and Poe doesn’t give him one. He just squeezes his arm before releasing it, and this time when he walks away, he doesn’t look back. Finn takes a deep breath, ears ringing and heart pounding, but amidst the sudden overjoyed hurricane inside him, there’s a certain calm that wasn’t there a minute ago. Suddenly, as he notices the comforting weight of Poe’s jacket over his shoulders more palpably than before, he smiles, ridiculously giddy and excited. Right now, he feels like he could bring down the entire First Order by himself. Notes: Visit me on tumblr Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Stormpilot drabbles series Next Work →