A unique surpirise aboard the Falcon I arrive at the door to the Falcon. We returned from Endor two weeks ago but the ship was in pretty bad shape. Lando and Han have been fixing it day and night but it's finally almost back in action. The door lowers and Han leans forward, almost hanging from his arm, which he rests on the door frame. 'Welcome your Worshipfullness, glad to see you could make it'. His voice is rough and taunting. 'Of course I came you idiot' I joke. He raises his eyebrow at the fact that I ignored commenting my nickname. When I reach the top of the ramp, I jump slightly, trying to touch the top of the doorway. I miss. 'What are you doing?!' he chuckles lightly. 'You're so tall. It's not fair'. My blatant failure to reach it dawns on him 'Oh!' He laughs for a minute. 'Here' He reaches a hand down to me and pulls me towards him and into the ship. I lightly bump against him and we pause for a second. I look up and he slides his arms around my waist, lifting me up so I can reach and I gently tap my hand off the frame. 'Made it!' I pretend to shout, sticking my tongue at him and taunting him. It used to infuriate him, now it just makes him smile. He gently lowers me back down and I hop out of his arms. His hands remain resting loosely on my waist and I look up at him, again time seems to cease for a moment. It's now when I stand close to him that I notice the height difference most. He gently lifts his hand and moves a small strand of hair from my face and tucks it behind my ear. I close my eyes briefly as he touches my neck, treasuring his touch. When I open them again, he's smirking. I expect him to make some sarcastic comment but instead he pulls me closer with the one hand still on my hip and with the other, still lingering by my face, gently grabs me by the chin and brings my lips up to meet his. It's a soft kiss but I wrap my arm around his neck and stand on my tiptoes to reach him. He smiles when we break away. 'Come on, I have something to show you' he almost murmurs it, his voice dark and deep. He presses a button to shut the door to the Falcon behind us and slips his hand into mine. He smiles down at me as he leads me down towards the crew's cabins. 'Just down here' he says, gesturing down the corridor with our entwined hands, which then return to swing softly between us as we walk. 'I've made some adjustments' There's a few rooms down here yet I've only ever been in Han's. I know the one next door is Chewie's yet the others, I've never explored. We stop by his door but instead he turns to the door opposite. He opens it and flicks on a light with his spare hand. He pushes the door away almost gesturing for me to look inside as he gently pulls me in. The room is quite big for a crew cabin- approximately twice the size of Han's room. He shuts the door and then turns to face me, beaming like an idiot. 'What do you think? Do you like it?' He points at the large double bed in the centre of one wall which pertrudes outwards into the rest of the room. There's a wardrobe opposite the bed and a small doorway leading to a bathroom. 'For me?' 'Yeah. If you want it' he smiles again. 'But it's huge! I couldn't possibly stay in here while you cram into your bunk just across the hall' 'Well, I thought we could share it'. He brings our hands up to his mouth and gently kisses mine. 'If you want to of course. I thought you might want a room now I've decided to staywith you, Luke and the Rebel movement. Is it fit for a princess?' He smirks. 'Of course I do! It's perfect Han, thank you!' 'It used to be a storage area. The wall inbetween the two compartments got damaged by some moving cargo so I figured I might as well lose it, make a bigger room. For you. You know, because you deserve a home after what happened to Alderaan'. I turn and kiss him. I wrap my arms around his neck as he wraps his tight around my waist. He deepens the kiss, his tongue exploring my mouth. I think back to when I first saw the good in him- when he saved Luke and helped to destroy the Death Star. With this very ship. I knew he had a soft spot for me - I'd overheard him asking Luke if he thought a princess and a guy like him... a scoundrel. But my love for him isn't held back by my origin. Not that it would ever come between us- I hate my title. I'd much rather be a scoundrel...but Han isn't a scoundrel, he looks after me. And he's the only one not afraid to treat me like normal, not like royalty, and call me by Leia, it's a nice change. When I come back he's broken the kiss and looking at me. Slight concern brushes his face. 'You ok there, Leia?' When he says my name, my heart flutters slightly. I love the way he says it, it's my favourite thing in the world. 'I love you' Relief floods his face. He doesn't even hesitate with his reply. 'I know' I beam from ear to ear. He knows how much I love it when he brings back our thing. 'I love you so much Leia' I wrap my arms around him and rest my head against his chest. He rest his chin on my head and we stand there for seemingly forever. He breaks the embrace and holds me in front of him, his hands resting on my shoulders. 'Why don't you go and try it out'. He guestures towards the bed. I walk over towards it but he stays put. We hold hands until he is too far away, our fingers trail apart. I look back at him and he nods. I jump up and land flat on my back on the soft bed. He chuckles. 'You're so dorky' he laughs 'But that's why I love you'. He whispers the latter. Almost a murmur. 'Wanna join me?' I ask, shuffling myself up the bed. I pat the empty space beside me. He doesn't say a word but flicks the lock on the door shut. He strides over and takes his jacket off, dropping it on the floor on the way. As he reaches the bed, he slips off his boots. He looks at me before attempting not to laugh and mimicking me by jumping abruptly onto the bed beside him. I fly into the air and squeal and he laughs. 'Mature' I attempt to say in between laughing. 'Mature's my middle name'. He bursts into laughter further. We laugh for a while before he puts his arm around me and pulls me close to him, our hysterics dying out a bit. He stands up and pulls me with him so that were jumping on the bed like children. We hold hands and fall about in fits of giggles on several occasions. 'I'm so glad I met you, Leia' 'I love you you scruffy nerf herder' Chapter 2 : Personal Celebrations Summary: Han and Leia celebrate the victory on Endor more intimately than was possible with company. We lie on the bed for a while, his arm still around me, before he turns to face me. 'You really did great out there. You even made a friend for once. Those ewoks turned out to be powerful allies' I lightly pretend to punch him. 'I make friends all the time, how dare you!' I joke 'No you don't! Look at me, you almost scared me off' 'And what, I just couldn't let a gorgeous guy like you get away?' I laugh, repeating his own legendary line. 'Couldn't have said it better myself' I smile and reach up to kiss him. Even sitting down I have to stretch to reach him but I don't mind. He rolls over so that he is holding himself above me and reaches one hand behind my jaw to bring me up closer to him. He kisses me roughly and I realise what he wants. I pull away, smirking at him before lightly slapping his cheek jokingly. 'C'mon, you said it yourself. A gorgeous guy like me...' He trails off as he plants kisses down my neck. Holding himself up with only one hand, he slowly unbuttons my shirt and moves further down. He stops at my bra and looks up. 'Now this, is gonna be a problem' he smirks irresistibly, indicating at the material between us. 'I can handle that I think' In one clean motion, I dramatically whip the shirt over my head and frantically toss it behind my head, achieving an impressed laugh from my scoundrel. I gently unclasp my bra and throw it to one side. His eyes widen. 'Jesus Leia' I raise my eyebrow. 'You're so frickin beautiful' he whispers in my ear and continues to plant kisses down my torso. He plants one on my navel as he looks up, smiling. 'This look suits you. You should wear it more often' 'Oh stop it you!' I laugh jokingly and pretend to smack him on the head. 'Hey! Don't play dirty with me or you're asking for it' he smirkd and then chuckles to himself. Quickly, he brings his white shirt over his head. His chest is sculptured beautifully, his arms firm and masculine. He continues to my hips, where my pants break his flow. He tugs at the waistband gently and pulls them from me as I lie back on the bed. I cover my eyes with my arm briefly and laugh to myself, wondering how I ended up in this wonderful situation. He kisses me over and around the waistband of my underwear before gently tugging and glancing up for permission. I nod, biting my lip, as he slips them off, a smug look on his perfect face. His breath is soft and makes me shudder. He runs a finger gently between my folds and pops it in his mouth. 'Christ, you're so wet Leia, bloody hell' I moan involuntarily and throw my head back, arching my back. He hesitates for a millisecond before his tounge slips between my folds. His nose nuzzles my clit and I buck my hips towards him. He looks up and smirks at me. 'Han!' I whine 'Sorry, sorry. Just admiring the view' His eyes trail across my naked body. He plants kisses on my thighs before he returns back to my heat. I entwine my fingers in his hair, urging him to continue. I moan gently. Attempting to contain myself, I press my lips together. He fucks me with his tongue repeatedly and the feeling is euphoric. 'You did so well on Endor, I think it's time you get your reward' he murmurs gently. He slowly parts me with his fingers and enters one slowly. I buck my hips towards me and he looks up, mocking. 'Hannn!' I cry out, the volume lost to my voice. It's almost a whisper. He comes up and kisses me, I can taste myself on his lips. I place my hands on the back of his head, pushing him back down. 'Alright sweetheart' he smirks He continues his work, repeatedly thrusting his fingers into me, adding another. I'm so close but reluctantly, I stop him. I gently grab his chin and pull him up to face me. He tries to object but I put a finger on his lips, quieting him before I kiss him gently. I kiss along his jawline to his ear. I plant a kiss just underneath, his hair tickling my lips. I smile as I whisper to him 'Your turn' He beams from ear to ear. His eyebrows raised, unexpected. 'Are you sure?! You haven't...' I place my finger on his lips again and kiss him to shut him up. 'I will. Don't you worry about me' 'That's my job princess' he smiles. 'But my job, is to make you happy. Your turn' He objects no more but slides backwards so that he is no longer hovering on top of me but resting on the bed, his hands behind him, supporting his weight. I undo his belt and slip his trousers off, softly tracing the Corillean stripes that run down their sides with my finger. 'I told you I was a nice man' he swoons, referring back to the conversation leading up to our first proper kiss. 'Okay hotshot' I reply, he smiles, smug and content. He has a growing bulge, so I reach forward to relieve him. I pull off his grey boxer shorts and his erection springs free, his hard dick slapping up against his stomach. I look up at him and smile before wrapping my hand around his shaft. I slowly pump his length, smearing his precum with my thumb. He shudders and throws his head back. I reach down and take him in my mouth as much as I can. My name softly falls from his lips. I pleasure him with my mouth, pumping the remainder of his member with my hand. He puts his hand on the back of my head, urging me to continue. 'Oh Jesus. Oh god. Leia. Fuck' he manages to make out, in between shallow breaths. I speed up, bobbing my head slightly. I swirl my finger along his thigh then return to pumping him, increasing my speed. He curses repeatedly under his breath as my tongue circles his head, swallowing the small drops of salty liquid. His breathing increases as I slightly gag on his length, he repeatedly pushes my head further onto his cock, clearly enjoying my actions. I pull up and he gasps at the sudden retraction. I lean over to him and gently whisper in his ear. 'I want you, Han' He nods, willing, unable to speak. I lie back on the bed before him, completely naked. He seems breathless, not accounting for my actions just seconds before. 'You're so beautiful, you should know that. You're fucking perfect' he murmurs I smile at him. 'You're the most gorgeous man in this galaxy, I swear to God, Han' 'Oh stop with compliments' he scowls jokingly. He cannot hold back any longer then. He positions himself on top of me, kissing me rough and deep. He slowly positions himself at my entrance and thrusts, filling me each time. He groans. 'Leia' I moan and manage to struggle to tell him. 'I love you so much'. He grunts with pleasure. 'I love you more, sweetheart' he makes out. He no longer taunts me with silly nicknames at this stage, unable to hold back anymore. I moan and he increases his speed. 'Take me Leia. That's it, you're so good'. He throws his head back, almost unable to contain himself. He repeatedly pounds into me and buck my hips against him. 'I love your dick Han' 'I know you do. You're so good to me Leia' I reach up and kiss him. 'I'm close, Han' I whisper as he rubs my clit with his thumb while still repeatedly pounding in and out of me. 'Wait for me baby. I want us to come together' He leans down and kisses me. Momentarily hesitating before continuing where he left off, pounding into repeatedly. I feel him begin to twitch and I know he's close. 'Ok Leia, don't come till I tell you to, okay sweetheart?' I nod, no longer able to form words. 'Okay. Come all over me Leia' He fills me as we both moan together, riding out our highs. Only with Han do I reach this level of ultimate euphoria. 'I love you so much Leia' 'I know' He chuckles, a deep laugh, and slumps down next to me, breathless. He pushes his hair back with his hand and releases a breath he didn't know he was holding. I rest my head on his chest and hear his heartbeat go crazy. 'You mean the world to me' he looks down and whispers 'You're so good to me. I couldn't live without you'. I fall asleep in his arms. Overwhelmed by the love I have for him and the desire I have to stay in this peaceful, perfect moment forever. For eternity.