Kylo is pretending not to eat a pop tart in a secluded corner of the library when he sees Finn, Poe, and a lanky boy with flame-red hair striding towards him from across the room. He scowls, hoping to scare them off before they get any closer, but Finn just beams and waves at him. “Kylo!” he exclaims when they’re within earshot. “What,” Kylo says. He lobs the half-finished pop tart into a trash can a few feet away and glares at Finn. He’s lost his appetite. “We have a proposition for you,” Poe, Kylo’s roommate, says by way of greeting. He’s tucked into Finn’s side under a large, protective arm, but he places a hand on their companion’s shoulder. “This is Finn’s roommate, Hux. He’s majoring in International Politics, enjoys classical music, and wakes up at 5am every morning to train for the track team.” “He doesn’t need my life story,” Hux says, shrugging Poe’s hand from his shoulder. His eyes meet Kylo’s for a long moment and the other boy notices that they are a pale, cloudy green, eyelids tinged pink and scrunched up in a grimace. “It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Kylo says flatly. “Although I don’t understand why we’re being introduced.” “That’s the proposition!” Poe says excitedly. “We think Hux should be your new roommate!” “…Why?” Kylo dares to ask. “Well,” Finn says, “me and Poe wanted to room together at the beginning of the semester—” “Obviously,” Kylo rolls his eyes. “—but we ended up in completely different blocks!” “So you want me to room with a complete stranger so that you two can get it on without having to leave a sock on the door, is that it?” Kylo looks to Hux to observe his reaction, but the boy is no longer paying attention, seemingly distracted by something happening on the other side of the library. “It’s not just that,” Poe grouses. “I mean, you’re both kind of assholes. You’d probably get along.” “I’m a solitary asshole,” Kylo objects. “I don’t get on well with other assholes.” “Oh dear God ,” he hears Hux say. “Are you always so melodramatic?” “He’s like that meme, you know the one?” Poe adopts a macho voice. “I’ll kick anyone’s ass. I’ll kick your ass. I’ll kick your dog’s ass. I’ll kick my own ass!” “Shut up ,” Kylo says, lashing out with a long leg and catching Poe square on the ankle. “Ow!” “What’s a meme?” Hux asks. “Look,” Finn says, always the mediator. “You hate Poe, Poe hates you, Hux hates me, and to tell the truth, I’m not a huge fan of him either—it makes perfect sense for us to switch dorms!” “Hmm,” Kylo says. “What do you think of all this?” he asks Hux. Hux shrugs, though his facial expression is anything but nonchalant. “Honestly, I’d do anything to not have to hear these two having sex ever again,” he says with a sneer, and Kylo unconsciously wonders whether Hux is repulsed by the act itself or the people engaged in it. “You have a problem with it?” he asks. His voice sounds dangerous even to his own ears, but Hux seems to take it in stride. “It?” he says incredulously. “You mean sex?” Kylo shrugs and it isn’t petulant in the slightest ( really , it isn’t). “What is this, the last century?” Hux glowers. “I don’t have a problem with their gender , I have a problem with their incessant, sickening canoodling .” Poe snickers. “Kylo, did you not hear the rumours? Hux slept with his very male TA at the beginning of the semester.” “By accident,” Hux clarifies with a snarl. “How was I to know he’d be leading my Imperialism Through the Ages seminar?” Finn laughs out loud. “Ah, I’ll miss you Hux,” he says, and claps the other man on the shoulder. “You are going to switch though, aren’t you Kylo? Me and Poe will owe you big time.” Kylo glances between the three of them; Finn with his fingers crossed in front of him and a huge grin on his face, Poe clinging to his boyfriend’s shoulders in trepidation, and Hux standing off to the side looking remarkably disinterested in the whole affair. “ Fine ,” Kylo says, and that’s how the whole nightmare begins. --- Poe is right. Sure enough, Hux is out of bed at five in the morning and has left the room in ten minutes flat, looking for all the world as though he’s been up for hours. Kylo grumbles and stays in bed for another five hours, during which time Hux returns twice; once to eat a protein bar between slightly laboured breaths, and again to get dressed while violently rubbing his hair dry with a towel. Then he leaves and Kylo doesn’t see him again until later that night, by which time Hux is clearly exhausted. He throws a half-wave in Kylo’s direction that resembles a dismissal of sorts rather than a friendly acknowledgement, and collapses into bed with a grunt. For three days, the two of them share only brief, silent encounters. For the most part, Kylo ignores Hux whenever he’s around, and Hux returns the favour. Occasionally, Hux will study with his legs crossed underneath him and his tongue sticking out in concentration while Kylo plays Halo with his headphones in on the opposite side of the room. Sometimes they eat at the same time, Kylo and his ramen and Hux and his endlessly innovative salad dishes. On rare occasions, they walk to class together through nothing more than sheer coincidence, but neither bothers to initiate conversation, preferring instead to keep stride with the other and steal sideways glances every now and then. It’s honestly the best roommate scenario Kylo could have possibly envisaged, but inevitably, it all comes crashing down around him when his parents decide to visit. --- “So Poe’s not your roommate anymore? That’s a shame. He was such a nice boy,” Leia says with a frown. “A little too nice, if you ask me…” Han adds, and Kylo rolls his eyes. “We swapped. I’m sharing with Hux now,” he says. “Hux? Is he nice?” Leia asks. “He seems very neat,” she says, pointing towards the crisp hospital corners at the ends of Hux’s well-made bed and the alphabetically ordered books on his shelves. Kylo shrugs. “We don’t really talk much. He’s okay.” Leia sighs. “Ben, the whole point of living away from home at college is to make friends,” she says. “It’s Kylo,” he corrects automatically, and his father groans. Kylo can sense the oncoming lecture before it even leaves his parents’ mouths, but before they get a chance to lay it on him, the door crashes open with a thud and Hux stumbles in backwards with another man’s arms wrapped around him, another man’s mouth on his mouth. Kylo and his parents freeze in shock and Kylo feels a streak of something unidentifiable run through his body with a shudder. Then time slows down to a virtual halt as Hux seems to sense the tension in the room, pulls away from his passionate entanglement, and turns around to face the Solo family with kiss-swollen lips and his usually pristine red hair in complete disarray. Kylo cringes internally and says, painfully loud in the silent room, “This is Hux. Hux, these are my parents.” Hux blanches. Kylo has never seen the other boy lost for words, but it seems the situation has rendered him speechless. “Um,” he says, and his voice is higher and quieter than usual. “Nice to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Ren.” “It’s Solo,” Han says with a low growl. “What?” Hux says, frowning. “Mr. and Mrs. Solo,” Kylo’s father repeats, and Leia scowls at him until he sheepishly adds, “Organa Solo.” He turns his attention to Kylo. “Will you quit using that ridiculous name, Ben?” “No,” Kylo says. He glances at the other man in the room, visibly older than both Kylo and Hux, still with a mildly possessive hand resting upon Hux’s shoulder. “And who are you?” he asks, his voice coming out sharp and cold to such an extent that he sees his mother flinch from the corner of his eye. Before the man can answer, Hux grins coldly and cocks his head to the side. “This is Joshua. You remember, the TA from the beginning of the semester?” Kylo feels his father stiffen at his side, but Hux just keeps on going. “He said he’d give me A’s on all of my papers if I blew him between classes.” The man chokes and removes his hand from Hux’s shoulder almost immediately. “I…uh. I said no such thing,” he addresses Han and Leia specifically, but the two of them simply narrow their eyes at him. “I’d better leave,” he says. “I think that would be a good idea,” Han almost-snarls. “Yes, alright. Good. Hux…make sure you read the Kant article for Monday. I’ll see you in class.” The man stumbles towards the door and slams it shut on his way out. The room remains silent for a moment. Hux stares at his shoes, Kylo looks heavenward to the ceiling for guidance, while Han and Leia exchange silent and increasingly aggressive looks until Han seems to acquiesce with a sagging of his shoulders. “So, Hux. What is it that you study exactly?” he asks with a smile so forced Kylo is surprised there aren’t tears in his eyes. Hux sighs with audible relief and launches into an explanation of European imperialism that leaves Kylo dizzy and his parents desperate to leave the room. By the time Kylo’s parents do vacate the premises—leaving him with a framed photograph of he and Rey on his sister’s 6 th birthday and a small hardback book from his Uncle Luke—Hux has situated himself at the foot of his bed with an encyclopaedia of political facts and an apple. “Why are you on my bed?” Kylo asks, an undercurrent of anger to his tone. “I assumed you’d want to talk,” Hux says, taking an innocent bite of his apple. “After that fiasco.” “It was more than a fucking fiasco ,” Kylo says, wrenching the apple from Hux’s hands and flinging it across the room, where it smashes with a sickening crunch against the wall and lands on Hux’s pillow. Hux frowns. “Where do you get off bringing that asshole back to our room and parading him about in front of me? In front of my parents ?” “ What ?” Hux exclaims. He’s laughing, and Kylo clenches his fists, the frustration building inside him. “I thought you were out and I figured I’d get lucky; I didn’t bring him back to make you jealous , if that’s what you think.” “That’s not what I think!” Kylo says, and his voice is too loud, cracking on the last syllable. “I just…don’t want you bringing them back here.” “Them?” “Your…conquests.” Hux doubles over and wheezes with laughter, trying to catch his breath. “My…conquests,” he repeats incredulously. “Kylo, are you serious?” Kylo shrugs and refuses to meet the other boy’s eyes. “Oh dear God,” Hux says. He takes a deep breath and reaches out to pat Kylo condescendingly on the shoulder. “Kylo, calm down. I have sex like, once a year. This is a fluke, trust me.” “I don’t care!” Kylo says, on the brink of putting his hands over his ears like a small child. “I don’t care! Just don’t force me to bear witness to your exploits!” Hux cracks up again and gets up to cross the room and collapse onto his own bed, where he continues to laugh until Kylo flings his pillow at him. Kylo never does get that pillow back until the next morning. Chapter 2 Notes: Oh my god. I am So sorry about how long this has taken, I've had a mega stressful couple of weeks and I spent so much time thinking about this chapter that when I came to write it it totally got away from me! I hope you guys don't hate it (I do) and are willing to wait a little longer for exciting things like: Rey, Luke, Christmas at the Organa-Solo house, and of course, sex... Thank you so much for all of the comments and kudos! I really appreciate it and I feel terrible about this chapter lmao. It’s two weeks later that Kylo receives the Very Bad, No Good text notification during his Intro to Ancient Philosophy seminar (the first one he hasn’t spoken up in, and only because the professor has started ignoring him whenever he raises his hand). From: Asshole #2 Hey, come to the Starbucks on the corner after your class -H To: Asshole #2 why should i From: Asshole #2 Just come. I’ll buy you a coffee -H To: Asshole #2 i don’t drink coffee. get me a hot chocolate. with marshmallows From: Asshole #2 Jesus Christ. Alright, fine. Don’t be late -H To: Asshole #2 ugh fine just stop txting me i hope theres a gd reason 4 this Hux doesn’t reply. Kylo spends the rest of the seminar wondering why Hux has asked to meet. They’ve barely talked these past few weeks, let alone texted—texting is reserved for emergencies only, like “weve run out of milk asshole” or “i need 2 borrow ur key mine fell down a storm drain” or “Kylo…what the Fuck have you done to my laptop?” They’ve never really spent much time together outside of their shared room, either; sure, they walk to class together sometimes, and Hux once brought Kylo’s Very Important assignment onto campus when he accidentally left it on his desk the day it was due, but actually arrange a time and a place to hang out? Never. The idea of meeting up with Hux at a Starbucks of all places is pretty weird. Kylo’s never even seen him with a Starbucks cup, only the odd biodegradable indie chain container from a place called First Order Coffee. Kylo makes his way across the quad, over a bridge, and down a winding path, realising along the way that Hux knows exactly where his class is and when it ends, which is kind of…creepy. He reaches the Starbucks in a matter of minutes and heads inside, spotting Hux easily. Kylo freezes. A gasp leaves his mouth, unbidden. Hux hasn’t noticed him yet, is sitting with his head in one hand staring out of the window. His hair isn’t quite in order, a couple of strawberry blond strands flopping into his line of vision. He’s wearing a scarf Kylo hasn’t seen before, a dark burgundy colour wrapped around his neck and clenched in his free hand. One half of his face is bathed in cold winter light, highlighting the dusting of freckles across his cheekbone and down his nose. One half of his face is beautiful, but the other… Kylo storms across the room, knocking a chair over in his haste and alerting Hux to his presence before he even reaches him. “What happened?” he says, almost growls. There’s an anger in him that he hasn’t felt in a long time, and he doesn’t understand where it’s coming from. After all, he’s threatened to punch Hux in the face a number of times, hasn’t he? There’s a scrape on Hux’s cheek that looks suspiciously like a gravel imprint from being pressed hard into the ground. His lip is slightly swollen, red and puffy and already starting to scab over. But his eye is the worst. He’s squinting at Kylo, the green of his iris almost completely obscured by pink-purple skin. There’s a small cut between his eyebrow and the rim of his eyelid that looks like it came from a ring. Kylo is seething. “What happened ?” he asks again, and this time Hux sighs and pushes a hot chocolate (with marshmallows) towards him. Hux is drinking coffee, black. Kylo isn’t surprised. “Sit down,” Hux says. His voice is cold, like usual, but there’s a tremor there that Kylo hasn’t noticed before. Kylo sits and takes a sip of his hot chocolate. It’s just the right temperature. “How was class?” Hux asks. Kylo almost spits out his chocolate. “What?” he exclaims. “We’re not here to talk about my class, we’re here to talk about—this!” he waves his arms in front of Hux’s face and the other boy flinches backwards. “I don’t want to talk about it,” he says, and the tremor is gone. He looks out of the window and takes a tiny sip of his coffee. “You don’t,” Kylo repeats, “want to talk about it.” Hux shakes his head. “Then why did you invite me here?” Hux stiffens; his shoulders rise up and he keeps his eyes closed when he blinks. “I didn’t…I—I just wanted the company, that’s all.” Kylo scoffs. “When have you ever wanted my company?” “Look, Ren, I don’t want to talk about it. Just drink your fucking chocolate and sit with me,” Hux says, and for some reason, Kylo can’t argue with him. --- They sit together for at least an hour, occasionally commenting on the weather or the barista who reminds Kylo of his sister. By the time Kylo finally plucks up the courage to ask a question that has been bothering him since he first arrived, Hux is shivering faintly from the cold. “Was it the TA? Joshua? Did he do this to you?” Hux tenses immediately. “I don’t want to—” “It was him, wasn’t it?” Kylo seethes. “I’m going to fucking kill him, I’m going to let everyone know what a sick bastard he is and then I’m going to break his fucking—” “Kylo, Jesus Christ,” Hux says. Kylo feels his vision go red. “What a fucking—bastard—I can’t believe—I’m going to—” “Kylo, calm down,” Hux hisses. “The asshole doesn’t work here anymore and he’s blacklisted now, he’ll never get a teaching job ever again.” “I don’t care, I want to hit him.” “You’re so uncivilised,” Hux says with a hint of a smile. “I didn’t need to hit him; I took away his life’s work and landed him in a jail cell without lifting a finger.” He sounds so smug that Kylo glances up at him from his clenched fists on the table. “You’re happy about this?” Hux shrugs. “Not really. It’s not like I expected him to flip out, anyway. I wasn’t planning on getting beaten to a pulp, if you must know.” He lifts a hand to his swollen eye and prods at it gently. Kylo swats his hand away. “Stop that, you’ll only make it worse. Why did he do it, anyway?” Hux looks away. “Well, you’re always threatening to do it. Why shouldn’t he?” “You know I’d never do— this —though. This is different to…giving you a dead arm.” “Yeah, well,” Hux says distractedly. “ Hux ,” Kylo says. He’s so frustrated, so mad, and he just wants to hit someone or something because the idea of Hux lying prone on the ground, taking hit after hit, infuriates him. “Tell me. I know you’re leaving something out.” “Jesus, do you ever stop prying?” Hux throws his hands up in the air. “He thought we were sleeping together, okay? He was jealous.” Kylo stares at him for a moment, floundering. “ What ?” he finally manages. Hux shrugs. “But I hate you,” Kylo says without thinking. “Likewise,” Hux says, scowling. “Why would I want to—” “I don’t know , asshole,” Hux says, and he looks pissed, “but you owe me.” --- They head back to the room together. Hux’s injuries are worse than Kylo initially thought, and the other boy isn’t as capable of hiding them as he’d like to be. He limps slightly with every step, pretending not to hold a hand to his ribs underneath his coat. “Did you go to A&E?” Kylo asks. “It’s fine,” Hux says. “They’re just bruised. They gave me some codeine.” “Did you take it?” “Not yet,” Hux says with a scowl. “You should take it when we get back,” Kylo says absent-mindedly. “Do you have a concussion? Do I need to wake you every two hours?” “Oh my god , will you relax? Since when do you care?” Hux stops in the middle of the street and pulls his coat tighter around his small frame. Kylo walks a few more steps until he realises Hux is no longer following him. He turns around and faces him down from afar. “I don’t care ,” he says, and it’s not petulant at all (really, it isn’t). “I just don’t want you dying on my watch.” “Ugh,” Hux says, or at least that’s what it sounds like. He storms past Kylo and starts patting down his pockets to find his keys. “You’re ridiculous. I can’t find my keys.” Kylo reaches out and pilfers the keys from Hux’s breast pocket with ease; he dangles them in front of the other boy’s face, and Hux grabs at them half-heartedly. “Just let me in,” he sighs, and Kylo obliges. Hux trips up the stairs, which is so unlike him that Kylo almost falls over himself. When they reach their room and close the door behind them the tension seems to increase tenfold. Kylo feels exposed; Hux called for him, and he came. They’ve both revealed vulnerabilities and weak spots that neither knew existed and he’s terrified of what it means, of what’s to come. Are they friends now? There’s something between them all of a sudden and it isn’t playful anymore, isn’t mischievous or even spiteful. When he looks at Hux he feels concern and a low-level possessiveness that makes his toes curl. Hux sits down on his bed and pulls off his boots, shiny leather with pointed toes. He’s still shivering, or trembling with pent-up energy, Kylo can’t tell. He keeps staring at the bruises marking Hux’s skin, which has paled in the cold outside air so that they stand out starkly as though on a corpse. “Take your pills,” Kylo mumbles, and grabs his laptop. He flops down onto his bed and plugs in his headphones, watching Hux out of the corner of his eye. The other boy is frowning down at his prescription; he takes one pill and dry-swallows it before leaning over to place the bottle on the desk, almost falling onto the floor in the process. Kylo has never seen him so disoriented and he begins to worry that Hux is concussed, resolving to make enough noise in two hours’ time to wake the dead. Hux snuggles down under starched white sheets, still wearing his scarf and gloves, and seems to drop off almost immediately. Kylo has never, ever, ever seen Hux fall asleep so quickly; the two of them are poster boys for insomnia, and the sight unnerves him. It’s the most ridiculous thing he’s ever done, but he gets out of bed, crosses the room, and checks Hux’s pulse with a feather light touch to his wrist. It’s perfectly steady, and Kylo shakes his head with a harsh laugh. He wonders what the hell has gotten into him. Chapter 3 Notes: I started listening to Stravinsky while writing this and I still ended up writing about Cheetos and hard-ons so........classical music does not = cultural sophistication HUX. Thanks for the comments and kudos! You guys are great. Poe has just finished adding the final touches to his Intro to Poetry notes when the door crashes open with a thud and he suddenly has a pair of strong arms wrapped around his chest, half-pulling him out of his rapidly spinning desk chair. “Hello to you too,” he laughs, turning around with his knees placed precariously on the chair. He tilts his head upwards with his eyes closed and feels familiar lips on his own, warm and reassuring. It still astounds him that being with someone can feel this good, this perfect and pure and blinding white intense at the same time. Poe opens his eyes when Finn breaks away and smiles drowsily at his boyfriend. “Welcome back,” he grins, and keeps his hands on Finn’s shoulders. “How was class? I set the fire alarm off again.” “Oh my god,” Finn says, and his eyes are huge . “Class isn’t important, you’ll never guess what I just saw.” Poe shrugs. “Okay, picture this,” Finn says. He releases Poe and steps back for a second, holding his hands out in front of him as though to lessen the impact of what he’s about to say. “Kylo. Hux. Outside their dorm. Against the door. Making out .” “ What ?” Poe chokes. “I swear to god I’m not making this up. There was even…,” Finn lowers his voice, “ hip action .” “Oh my god,” Poe says. “Oh my fucking god. Were they like, into it?” “What?” “You know, did they look like were enjoying themselves, or was it more like they wanted to kill each other, with their…mouths?” “Uh, both, kinda?” Finn shrugs. “That kinda sounds like them, actually,” Poe admits. “Anyway, I’ve had enough of talking about those assholes.” “Me too,” Finn agrees, and all of a sudden there’s a mischievous grin on his face that Poe has come to love. “Now where were we?” Earlier That Week Hux doesn’t go out as much anymore—he gets back earlier in the evening, leaves later in the morning, even starts to miss the occasional run, which is track team blasphemy, apparently. One day, Kylo wakes up at 11 and Hux is still in bed, lying ramrod straight with his head turned at an impossible right angle towards Kylo. He’s making light snuffling noises but otherwise is completely still. “Freak,” Kylo mutters under his breath, and leaves for class. He doesn’t know when his insults towards Hux started sounding more like pet names, but he opts to leave that thought for another time. Things have been strange ever since the Incident. Hux seems to regret having laid himself so bare, to Kylo no less, and Kylo still remembers the ice cold tremor that shot through him when he saw Hux’s face marred with bruises that are only now starting to yellow and fade. They talk, now, about classes and mutual acquaintances—never friends—and little things like books they’ve both read or music they both listen to—there isn’t much—, but it all leaves Kylo feeling cold and empty. Their conversations are muted somehow, laden with a tension that makes them restrain themselves. When he gets back from class, Hux is up and about, wearing only a pair of sweatpants that look like they cost over $100. Kylo’s bed is made, and his belongings are stacked up neatly on the shelves he hasn’t used since he first moved in. Hux is… dusting . “What the hell are you doing?” Kylo hears himself ask. Hux looks up and blinks owlishly. “Cleaning?” he says. “I thought we agreed that you’d keep your OCD tendencies squarely on your side of the roo—” “Oh, and here I was thinking we’d agreed that you’d quit saying I have OCD when being clean has nothing—” “Oh my god shut up , your voice is giving me a headache already!” Kylo says, throwing his hands up to his ears in emphasis. “You’re literally,” he says, “the worst person I’ve ever met. Honestly, I wish I still roomed with Poe. He never…what are you doing? Are you…are you crawling under my bed? What are—okay, see, Poe never crawled under my bed to get an old Cheeto, this is what I’m talking about.” Hux throws the Cheeto at Kylo and it hits him in the face. “Poe’s disgusting,” he says, and Kylo can’t disagree, really. “Why would I want to be like Poe?” Kylo shrugs. “I guess I prefer you to Poe,” he admits. “But that’s not saying much.” Hux raises his eyebrows, like he didn’t even expect that much. He picks up the Cheeto from where it’s landed on the floor and drops it in the trash can. “There,” he says. “All done. I’m going to take a shower.” And then he does something so unprecedented that Kylo chokes on the gum he’s been chewing for the last five minutes. Hux drops his sweatpants unceremoniously to the floor, bends over completely naked so that Kylo is presented with his pale, freckled ass, roots around in a drawer for what seems like years, and finally, finally , wraps a towel around his waist. “See you later,” he says, and for Hux it almost sounds cheerful. They’ve seen each other shirtless before, and there are flashes of skin in the middle of the night, loose t-shirts and jeans that slip to reveal bright red underwear—and that’s not to mention the fact that Kylo sleeps naked most nights. But this was deliberate , and Kylo feels totally, utterly outplayed, like Hux has taken their non-existent little competition to a whole other level. --- Things get pretty ridiculous after that. Kylo stops pulling a sweatshirt on under the covers when he wakes up in the morning, instead wandering around the room stark naked for a few minutes before it gets too cold. He can feel Hux’s eyes on him, but neither of them ever says a thing. Hux stops wearing shirts altogether. It’s almost as though he knows Kylo has a thing for his collarbone or the freckles littering his chest that you can only see when the light hits them just right or the little hollows that have formed between his hipbones and the slight inward curve of his stomach. He doesn’t know what Hux’s intentions were when he initiated this little game, but by the end of the week any sense of one-upmanship has disappeared completely and they’re just two gay adolescents vying for the other’s attention and Kylo is having to go to bed with a hard-on every night. After a while, he starts to make excuses. They’re both good-looking guys; it only makes sense that they’d be attracted to each other. It doesn’t have to mean anything. Kylo doesn’t know why he’s in such decent shape since he eats crappy junk food all day, every day and spends almost all of his free time in bed, but years of hiking through the Washington State trails with Uncle Luke have left his arms and legs well-defined, and his height and broad shoulders, both inherited from Han Solo, seem to offset any weight he does manage to put on. Hux is tall, too, but wiry and slender where Kylo is heavy and toned. He’s stiff and stands straight as a ruler during the day, but when he gets out of bed in the morning or curls up with a book in the evening, he’s warm and flexible and his limbs move like liquid. Sometimes Kylo watches him even when he’s fully dressed—okay, fine, he watches him all the time, whatever—just to catch the moments when he scrunches up his nose due to an itch or stops looking at his book and starts staring calmly at the ceiling with his hands resting lightly on his chest instead. But that’s something else, more than a casual, fleeting attraction, and Kylo tries to quash it as much as he can. --- Everything changes on a Friday. Neither Kylo nor Hux has bothered getting up or dressed, but someone has set off the fire alarm twice and everyone has had to trudge outside in the grey-white early November snow. Hux ends up wearing an oversized Fugazi t-shirt of Kylo’s by accident in the mad rush to get outside, and Kylo is seething. It’s only then that he finally sees Hux light up a cigarette, hand cupped around his lighter to protect the flame from the wind, and inhale deeply before letting out a breath of smoke that wisps away on the breeze. It’s one thing to suspect a smoking habit—and Kylo has suspected for a long time now—but it’s another to witness Hux, standing in Kylo’s clothes with a scab forming on his cheek and his red hair unwashed and standing upright in the wind, inhaling like his life depends on it. “Why are you wearing my shirt?” Kylo says. He makes sure to fix Hux with one of his best glares. Hux shrugs. “It was on the floor. Believe me, I didn’t want to wear it, but it was on my side of the room. Possession is nine tenths of the law—” “Shut up,” Kylo says, and he’s already said it ten times in the past hour, twice in his sleep. “I’m so glad you’re not majoring in Law, holy shit.” Hux shrugs again. He’s shivering and his skin is almost translucent blue. “My dad wanted me to. He’s a lawyer. Tarkin & Hux, you know that firm?” Kylo nods. “He wanted me to work with him. I’d be a shoe-in for senior partner, eventually; Hux & Hux, can you imagine that?” Kylo shudders. “Anyway, law isn’t for me. I’d rather run things from above than waste my time with other people’s petty affairs.” “You really think you’re going to get anywhere in politics?” Kylo snorts. He watches as Hux takes a shaky draw from his cigarette. “I’ve already got an internship arranged in D.C. next year,” Hux says snidely. “What about you? Found anyone looking for a Philosophy major with completely inadequate grades yet?” “Shut up ,” Kylo says. He turns his back on Hux and wonders why he’s been standing with him for the past ten minutes. He watches as their RA, Phasma, has a heated discussion with the head fireman and points viciously towards Poe, who is standing in a plaid dressing gown with a completely black piece of toast in his hand. “Oh my god,” Kylo mutters. “That doesn’t surprise me at all.” “Hmm?” Hux says. He’s staring up into the sky and snowflakes are starting to stick to his eyelashes. “It was Poe. He burned his toast again .” “Hmm,” Hux says again. His lips are starting to turn blue, and he’s stubbed his cigarette out with…wait, is that Kylo’s boot? “Hux, why are you wearing my boots ? Do you have any clothes of your own?” “They were on my side of the roo—” “Oh my god .” “Also, you have massive feet. Freak.” --- They trek back to their dorm together, dripping water up the stairs and down the hallway. Hux turns the door handle with shaking, purple-tinged hands and…nothing happens. Their door has been faulty ever since Kylo slammed it shut in a fit of rage a few weeks earlier, and now the lock is unreliable, shutting them out at the worst of times—like now—or leaving them and their room completely at the mercy of thieves and murderers in the middle of the night. Still, they usually remember their keys, and it isn’t too difficult to barricade the door shut when they go to sleep if it refuses to lock. “Shit. Did you remember your keys?” Kylo says. He’s patting down his pockets, but he already knows exactly where his keys are—in the pocket of a pair of jeans he shoved under his bed last night. “…No,” Hux says tightly. “I thought you brought your keys.” “Shit. Shit shit shit.” “Oh for fuck’s sake Kylo, I’m fucking freezing here!” Hux kicks half-heartedly at the door with Kylo’s boots and it doesn’t budge. “Fuck!” “It’s not that big a deal,” Kylo says, but really he wants to crawl back into bed and go to sleep. “Yes it fucking is! This is your fault! We’re going to be stuck out here forever and I’m going to freeze to death before they actually send someone to fix this fucking door that you broke!” Kylo rolls his eyes. He’s never seen Hux so riled up, and it’s more amusing than it is intimidating. “Calm down. It usually opens on its own if you just…jiggle it around a bit.” Kylo muscles Hux aside and starts turning the door handle, not really knowing what he’s doing. “Oh, okay , why don’t you just jiggle it around a bit while I strangle you to death? How does that sound?” “Shut up! Shut up ! Why do you never shut up?” Kylo slams his fist into the door and it makes an ominous creaking sound. “Because you keep fucking up!” Hux exclaims. He plants a hand on Kylo’s shoulder and spins him around with surprising strength. “Stop being such an irritating, frustrating, immature little—” Kylo grabs a hold of Hux’s face with both hands—and he really is freezing , holy shit—and the other boy falls forward in surprise, his tirade ending as abruptly as it had started. Their noses collide before their mouths do, but Hux doesn’t pull away. His hands come up to Kylo’s hair, dragging the loose, damp strands away from his face and forcefully tilting his head to the left so that they can kiss—if that’s what it can be called—at a better angle. It’s more like biting, really, and Kylo feels strangely dominated with Hux’s tongue in his mouth and Hux’s knee shoved between his legs, even though it was Kylo who initiated this whole thing. Still, he groans when Hux pulls away for a moment and mouths at his jawline, shifting his weight so that the two of them are pressed up tight against the door and he can feel Hux’s erection against his thigh through the other boy’s ludicrously thin pyjama pants. He moves his hands from Hux’s face to his ass, trying to pull him impossibly closer, and instead settles for wrapping a leg around Hux’s lower back so that there’s no longer any space between them, just the ice cold sensation of melting snow and the warmth of their mingling breaths. “I fucking hate you,” Kylo gasps, and Hux recaptures his mouth with his own, biting at his lower lip until the tiny teeth-shaped indentations he leaves there almost feel permanent. Kylo grunts at the feel of Hux’s bare arms and the warmth he finally finds when he slides his hands underneath the loose t-shirt, seeking out Hux’s ribs and the slender waist that feels almost fragile under his touch, revelling in the silent intake of breath Hux lets out when Kylo brushes a nipple almost accidentally with his thumb. He’s almost feverish with desire at this point, running his foot down the back of Hux’s leg and grinding up against the other boy since he’s slipped down against the door and is now at a disadvantage, and when he decides he needs more contact, more control, he grasps at Hux’s arms and forces the other boy to turn around. They fumble for a moment in the middle of the hallway before Kylo slams Hux back into the door, which rattles on its hinges. He’s about to lunge forward and launch an attack on Hux’s neck, which is pale and beautiful and bared in suggestion, but then he hears a worryingly loud “click” and before he has time to process what’s happening, the door is falling open behind Hux and the two of them are tumbling down onto the floor, Hux landing with a soft grunt and a growl as Kylo falls heavily on top of him. The two of them breathe together for a moment, half in shock and half in control of their arousal, before Hux shoves Kylo off and storms out of the room with a huff. Kylo is certain he hears Finn say, “Oh my fucking god,” in the distance, and he closes his eyes in despair and curls up on the floor. Chapter 4 Notes: This took so long I'm so sorry! I wish I could prioritise this fic over my dissertation but alas. This chapter is very dialogue heavy and very out of character and I kinda wish I could write the whole thing over tbh but here we are lmao. Thank you all for the comments and kudos so far! You guys are amazing. Kylo stays on the floor for what seems like hours. He leaves the door wide open and every now and then someone will walk past, look in, and then hurriedly scuttle away to wherever it is they were going. His phone has been ringing on and off for at least ten minutes, and Kylo growls low in his throat, shuts the door with a well-aimed kick. There’s only so much of the default iPhone ringtone—he still hasn’t figured out how to change it to the opening chords of Smells Like Teen Spirit—he can endure. He’s about to turn the phone off or throw it against the wall or something to make it shut the hell up when he notices his mother’s name on the screen and feels a pang of guilt run through him. He’s been ignoring her calls for a while now, too caught up in the drama of college—and Hux—to want to talk to his parents. He hasn’t even FaceTimed Rey in over a month, and he dreads to think of what the fifteen year old girl has gotten up to without his guidance (he thinks this thought with no shortage of irony). He rubs uselessly at the tear tracks running down his cheeks and answers the call. “Hey mom.” His voice is raw. “Ben! You finally answered! I’ve been worried sick!” “I texted you,” Kylo mutters. “I expect you to answer the phone when I ring you, not send me a text three hours later telling me you’re alive and nothing else,” Leia says, and Kylo can hear the thin thread of Hurt underneath the snappy anger. “‘M sorry,” Kylo mumbles as he rolls onto his front and slowly climbs from the floor up to his bed in a liquid motion. “I’ve been busy.” “I’m sure,” Leia says, and Kylo hears Han laugh in the background as his mother no doubt rolls her eyes. “Well, I won’t keep you. I just wanted to know how you were getting home on Friday.” Kylo blinks. “What?” “I know you quite like flying, but Luke will be driving through the area that day, so I thought you might like to catch up, spend a few days with him.” “What?” Kylo says dumbly, again. “Ben, are you even listening to me? Christmas vacation begins this Friday. How are you getting home?” Kylo stares at the ceiling. When had the semester overtaken him? He realises all of a sudden that he has finals this week, that he’s seen other students packing up their belongings, that there are less people milling around the hallways between classes. “Shit,” he says, and Leia sighs. “Ben…” “No, it’s okay. I’ll uh…I’ll just fly. I don’t want to trouble Uncle Luke.” “Ben, you know Luke would love to—” “No, I’ll fly.” There’s a silence, and the line crackles. “Alright. Well, I’ll see you on Friday then. Rey’s very excited. She says she hasn’t spoken to you in weeks.” Leia sounds so upset that Kylo almost hangs up there and then. “Well, she’ll see me Friday,” he says gruffly instead. “I’ll text you, mom.” “Okay,” Leia sighs. “I love you, Ben. We all do.” “Love you too,” Kylo says in a rush, pressing End Call as soon as the words are out of his mouth. He throws the phone across the room, lightly and precisely enough that it lands harmlessly on Hux’s bed instead of smashing against the wall—he has just enough presence of mind to save himself the added frustration of a broken phone. He curls up, glances at the clock—it’s 9pm already; how long has it been since Hux left, again? Hours, he supposes. He doesn’t know what he’s upset about—the rejection, that disgusted look on Hux’s face as he pushed Kylo away and stormed out of the room, or the fact that the whole thing had happened in the first place. He tries to sleep, but keeps wondering where the other boy is. It gets later and later, until it’s two in the morning and Kylo is tossing and turning in his sheets, too hot and too cold and so, so confused. The street light filters in through the thin curtain that Hux usually insists on leaving open and illuminates the empty bed on the other side of the room. Kylo closes his eyes and turns over to face the wall instead. At 4am he gives up completely on sleep and sits in the communal kitchen drinking hot cocoa. He feels the first real tendrils of worry begin to creep into his system and tries to stubbornly shut them out, but by his third cup of cocoa he can’t seem to squash them down any longer. He wants to know where Hux is, and he wants to know now . He feels it in his bones, this need to know exactly where the other boy is and what he’s doing and if he’s okay. He needs Hux to be okay. At 6am, he wraps his scarf around his neck and dons his winter jacket, stepping outside and feeling the snow crunch beneath his feet. It’s still dark out, and he stands underneath the street light for a moment, watching his breath freeze. The library is open 24/7 during the last two weeks of the semester, and Kylo heads there first. He’s never known Hux to pull an all-nighter—at least not outside of their dorm—but he can’t think of another place to look. There are a few students dotted around in the main area, but Hux isn’t there, so Kylo heads upstairs, and then up another floor, and another, and when he reaches the fifth floor, where the books are old and obscure and falling apart at the seams, he’s almost given up. He stumbles through the aisles, slightly sleep-deprived and running his hands along the shelves, up and down and up and down until he feels rather than sees a crumpled heap of too-long limbs at his feet and falls across Hux’s pyjama-clad legs, pulling a few books down with him. Hux grunts. “Kylo?” he says uncertainly, reaching out to pat Kylo’s head in the dark and trail his fingers along the side of the other boy’s face, seeking out distinctive features. It feels nice, Kylo thinks. Hux sighs. “I should’ve known it’d be you. Go away. I was enjoying my solitude.” Kylo moans and pushes a stack of books away from his shoulders, sitting up slowly and cracking his neck. “I only just got here,” he says lamely. “Why are you sitting up here in the dark? What are you going to do when the lights come on and people start arriving? People will think you’re living up here.” “Let them,” Hux sighs again and tips his head back against the shelves. “I’m comfortable,” he says, even though he must have been sitting on the hardwood floor for hours now. “What’s wrong with you?” Kylo exclaims. “We made out, so what,” he says. “I see your dick every time you go take a shower and forget your towel, so what’s the problem? Why are you hiding from me?” “Shut up,” Hux says quietly. “I don’t—I don’t like repeat affairs,” he says, and the words come out disjointedly. “And we live together.” “So why did you keep letting that TA asshole get in your—” “Shut up ,” Hux growls, and his hands seem to shoot out from the darkness and slam into Kylo’s chest with enough force to leave bruises, landing him flat on his back with Hux straddling his hips and moving his grip to Kylo’s throat, where he presses lightly. “Shut the fuck up,” he says again, and Kylo can just make out the glint of his eyes in the musty street light streaming in through a faraway window. “I didn’t have…feelings for him.” “Why are you being like this?” Kylo questions. He doesn’t feel scared or angry or upset any longer, just confused. “What’s wrong with feelings? I don’t understand. I know you’re attracted to me; I’m attracted to you. It’s simple.” “It’s not simple,” Hux says with quiet ferocity. He removes his hands from Kylo’s throat and rubs them anxiously back and forth along the thin cotton of his pyjama pants. “It’s not simple at all.” “Then explain,” Kylo says. He wraps his hands around Hux’s wrists and stills his movements. The other boy stares at him through the dust floating in the air. “Help me understand.” “Look,” Hux says softly. His hands fidget and Kylo tightens his grip. “It’s going to sound stupid, like a line from a movie.” “I don’t care,” Kylo says, and finds that he means it. “Kylo, it’s—” “Tell me!” “ Fine ,” Hux grouses, and digs his nails into his thighs before Kylo can stop him. “Listen,” he says. “I’ve never really…had friends.” Kylo snorts. “No, seriously ,” Hux frowns. “I’ve always struggled to…like people. I find it difficult to connect, I feel…separate, somehow. Like I can’t—communicate. Like there’s some sort of barrier between me and other people. As though there’s something lost in translation between us.” He picks at the hem of Kylo’s Fugazi shirt, and Kylo watches his long fingers intently. Hux breathes in and shivers. “My father hated it. He hated how cold and distant I was. What a hypocrite!” Hux laughs, but the sound is painful to Kylo’s ears. “As though he weren’t just as bad! But after a while, I figured things would always be like that. As I got older, I thought…I thought my romantic relationships would be the same. People weren’t usually attracted to me, but when they were, I kept things purely physical. I didn’t want them to try and—connect with me on a…personal level—and be disappointed with what they found.” He glances down at Kylo and their eyes meet in the gloom before Hux looks away again. “It’s different with you,” he says. “Don’t get any ideas, it’s not because you’re— special . You’re just…you’re such an asshole it’s like I don’t even care what you think of me.” Kylo snorts again. “I’m serious. I tried to keep you out but you got in anyway,” Hux sighs. “You know, I never told anyone about my father before. I don’t know why I told you, but I did.” For a moment, it feels as though Hux is about to cry, or shout, or express some sort of violent emotion. He clenches his fists and tips his head so far forward that Kylo feels his hair touch his forehead, but when Hux opens his eyes, their noses almost touching, he’s stopped shaking, and his fists are loose and relaxed in Kylo’s hold. “So there you have it. Nothing new, nothing revolutionary,” Hux says, and Kylo feels the other boy’s breath ghost across his lips. “I don’t know what I feel for you, Kylo Ren, but I know I feel something. Do with that what you will.” Kylo leans up on his elbows and closes the small distance between the two of them. His lips touch Hux’s and they stay there for a moment, not moving, simply connected to each other by touch. Kylo breathes in and out slowly, feels Hux’s cold nose touch his. “So what are you saying?” he asks. “I’m saying…I don’t do well in relationships. Up until now, I haven’t done relationships,” Hux says. “Who said I wanted a relationship?” Kylo sneers, but it’s soft and loses all of its strength when he breathes it out into the space between them. “Is that not what you want?” Hux cocks an eyebrow, and he lets one of his hands move from his thigh up to Kylo’s neck, twisting his fingers in the long strands of hair at the base of Kylo’s skull. “I got the impression that that was what you wanted,” he says lightly, and closes his eyes, waiting. “Okay,” Kylo whispers. “It’s what I want.” He kisses Hux softly again, and then again, and again. “But not so we can go on coffee dates together, or hold hands, or share ice cream—” “I’m lactose intolerant—” “—or send each other little post-it notes with love hearts on them, or do that thing with the spaghetti where you meet in the middle and kiss, or—” “God forbid,” Hux says, and kisses Kylo hard on the mouth. “Do you ever shut up?” --- Dating…doesn’t really change anything, except it’s difficult to argue about which side of the room someone’s shoes should be on when you’ve got that someone’s tongue down your throat. Sleeping becomes a chore too; it feels strange to lie on opposite sides of the room when they spend the rest of the day pressed up against each other, so Kylo takes it upon himself to cram Hux into the farthest corner of the bed and wrap his muscular form around the other boy so that neither of them slips onto the floor during the night. Hux seems reluctant to take things any further than intense make out sessions and the occasional sleep-heavy hand job in the early hours of the morning or in the pitch black of night when neither of them can sleep. Kylo doesn’t mention it, because he feels as though Hux is still on edge about this whole thing and he doesn’t want to lose whatever this is. When Hux comes back from class drenched to the bone and strips his clothes off with rapid fire movements, pushing Kylo down onto his bed to the sounds of harsh breathing and the drip of the raindrops in his hair landing on Kylo’s pale skin, Kylo thinks that today, today is the day that it will happen— But that’s the day Finn and Poe come barging into their room without even knocking and screech like small children at the sight of Hux’s bare ass, and the whole thing kind of ruins the mood. --- By the time Friday rolls around, Kylo is watching Hux covertly from beneath his lashes whenever he gets the chance. The other boy seems fine, if a little too calm, subdued. Kylo is on edge; he wants to see his sister but he doesn’t want to go home , and he doesn’t want to leave Hux for fear that this will fizzle out, that Hux will meet someone else over Christmas and forget all about Kylo. He knows it’s pathetic, but he can feel it gnawing at him and knows it will only get worse the more time he spends away from the other boy. Still, he gets up early, prying Hux’s cold hands away from his waist—Hux has long since stopped training for track; sometimes he gets up even later than Kylo does. He showers, eats, dresses, begins packing, before he realises Hux hasn’t even woken up yet, let alone started getting ready to leave. “Hux?” he says, prodding the other boy lightly in the shoulder. He increases the pressure of his jabs when Hux only makes a light snuffling sound in his sleep, and eventually his eyelids flutter open, revealing tired grey-green eyes. “Wha?” “You need to get up. Aren’t you going home today?” “Home?” Hux says, like the word has no meaning for him. “It’s Christmas vacation!” Kylo exclaims. “Nuh,” Hux snuffles—he’s had a cold for three days now. “Not going home. Dad’s in New York doing some lawyer-y thing. It’d just be me, in the house, alone. May as well stay here.” “Oh,” Kylo says, and it sounds flat. “I could—” No, he couldn’t. “You could—” Could he? The thought gets lodged in his brain and he knows it won’t go until he voices it. “You could—you could come home with me?” Kylo says like it’s a question. “Mom always said I should bring friends home for Christmas. It could be—fun? Seattle’s pretty cool. You could always—go out for a while if you wanted a break from me, or something.” Hux snorts. “I don’t think I made a particularly good impression on your parents the last time I met them.” Kylo brushes a hand through Hux’s hair and plays with the strands sticking to his forehead. “They won’t remember that,” he says. “I don’t want to leave you here when you’re this sick.” Hux whines. “I just want to stay in bed,” he says, pushing Kylo’s hand away. “Leave me alone. Go home to your little nuclear family in the middle of fucking nowhere—don’t pretend like you live in Seattle, I’ve seen the return addresses on those packages you get, you live up in the fucking mountains.” “Fuck you,” Kylo says with venom. He stands up and sits on Hux’s currently unoccupied bed on the other side of the room. “You know I fucking hate my family.” “No you don’t,” Hux says. “You just think you do.” “Fuck you!” Kylo says again. He leans his head against the wall. “Fuck you. It’s really fucking easy to get to Seattle from where I live and it’s not a nuclear family because my uncle’s fucking crazy and my dad talks to his dog like he’s a human being and my mom…my mom’s just annoying, okay? The only decent thing about that fucking place is my sister.” “Oh no,” Hux says, and his voice is muffled by the pillow he’s planted on top of his face. “Your life sounds…so terrible…so dreadful…I don’t know how I never noticed.” “Shut up !” Kylo says. “Look, I’m trying to do you a favour here. Why don’t you get your head out of your ass and accept?” “ Ugh ,” Hux whines. He lifts the pillow and turns to look at Kylo, eyes squinted shut. He really does look like shit. “How long will it take to get there? “Uhh…like ten hours.” “Oh my god .” “All you’re going to do for the next ten hours anyway is sleep, so why not do it on a plane?” Kylo says haughtily. “I can’t believe I’m actually thinking of agreeing to this,” Hux says, but he sits up and rubs at his eyes groggily. “Just your parents were insane enough, I can’t imagine what the rest of your family is like.” Kylo smiles giddily. “Jesus,” Hux groans. “What have I gotten myself into?” Chapter 5 Notes: hooooo boy i am So Sorry i feel so bad about disappearing for nearly three months! i had a dissertation to write and then i totally lost faith in this fic after reading all the great modern aus that have been posted in the kylux fandom since i posted this lil thing back in january, and it's been so hard to get back into writing this! but anyway, this chapter was at 8,000 words where i left off, so i've had to split it in two. here's the first part, which is sort of okay i guess lmao--i've nearly finished the second part, which is basically 70% smut + luke skywalker's arrival lmao, and i'm hoping to post that in the next day or two. again, i'm so so sorry! i hate when fics get abandoned or go on hiatus for a while, so i'm sorry to have put you through that! i'm so grateful to you guys, i never expected this fic to get as much positive feedback as it has, so i hope this chapter is to your liking! The plane journey is long, but Kylo is used to it. He frets about Hux, worrying that the other boy will hate him (even more than he already does?) by the time they get to Washington State, but Hux falls asleep twenty minutes after the connection in Philadelphia and stays that way until they reach Seattle. He doesn’t snore, but makes a lot of snuffling noises and even coughs a few times, a crackly sound coming from his chest that Kylo suspects isn’t serious from past experience. He daydreams about Hux resting his head on Kylo’s shoulder, but Hux slumps the other way instead, banging his head on the window. So he messes around on his phone, taking selfies of the two of them—and making sure to get a snap of the drool on Hux’s chin—and watching a recent movie he doesn’t know the name of that is so romantic it makes him feel nauseous. He eats the mini pretzels they have given him and drinks the ice water, and even dozes off for a while, waking up when an air hostess trips over his outstretched legs with his head lodged underneath Hux’s elbow. “Sorry,” he says to the woman sheepishly, who glares at him before walking away. The rest of the flight passes in a blur, security announcements and weather forecasts and time differences all merging into one big lump of information Kylo doesn’t care about. He nudges Hux when they begin the descent and the other boy almost launches out of his seat in surprise. “Where are we?” he asks, before coughing away the shock of using his voice after breathing through his mouth for seven hours. “Ugh.” “We’re here!” Kylo says. “Mom’s picking us up at the airport, so you better wipe that drool off your face.” “Shut up,” Hux says with a scowl, but he takes out an honest to god handkerchief and wipes his chin, grimacing the whole time. “I don’t know why I agreed to this.” “Because you love me,” Kylo says and flutters his eyelashes. Hux doesn’t respond. --- Kylo has brought two huge suitcases with him and it takes an inordinate amount of time to get through customs and luggage collection. Hux sits down against a wall with his small duffel bag and glares at passers-by. His leg twitches nervously and he’s biting his lip so hard that it starts to bleed a little bit where the skin is already chapped. “Chill out,” Kylo says, ruffling Hux’s hair with his spare hand while he watches the luggage carousel go round and round. “What are you so worried about?” “Nothing,” Hux says, and doesn’t even bother to disguise the fact that it’s a lie. “Uh-huh.” “ Nothing ,” Hux says again, and then coughs. “I just—your parents already hate me. I feel weird, imposing like this.” “They don’t hate you,” Kylo laughs. He pats Hux’s head again until the other boy grabs his wrist and forces him to stop. “You just…shocked them…” “Have you even told them I’m coming? I don’t want to ‘shock them’ again,” Hux glances up from beneath his lashes. “Uhh…” Kylo says, and Hux looks at the floor again, muttering under his breath. “Great,” he says. “Just great. Why did I let you talk me into this? Your parents already think I’m some sort of crazy nymphomaniac with a kink for authority figures—” “You said it, not me,” Kylo points out. “—and now I’m showing up at their house uninvited to spend Christmas , the most sacred of holidays—” “Eh,” Kylo says with a shrug. “Christmas is okay but we don’t really make a big deal out of it.” “—with their son , whom I’m sure they’ll assume I’ve corrupted irrevocably—” “Who’s been irrevocably corrupted?” a voice calls out, and Kylo watches Hux freeze mid-speech, his eyes fixed on a spot in the distance behind him. “Ben?” the voice continues. “I didn’t realise we were having guests this year!” Hux mouths ‘fuck you’ at him as he turns around and comes face to face with his mother. She looks vaguely amused. “Mom!” he says, as though he hasn’t seen her in decades. “Uh…is this okay? That I brought Hux?” His question is swallowed up as Leia engulfs him in a hug and he lets her pull his head down to her shoulder, even though it hurts his neck. “I’m so glad you came back,” she says, and Kylo thinks he hears a waver in her voice. “Of course I came back,” he says. “It’s Christmas.” There’s a moment during which Leia simply clings to him as though he’ll disappear if she lets go, but then Hux lets out a quiet little cough behind them. He looks more awkward than Kylo has ever seen him. “I, uh—I’m sorry about this, Ms. Ren—no, sorry, Ms. Organa. Organa-Solo. Yes,” Hux takes a deep breath. “Kylo said it would be fine for me to come home with him but I’m sure—I’m sure you’d like to spend some time alone with your son, and honestly, I don’t want to intrude, and I’m sure—I’m sure I’m not entirely welcome here after—after our last meeting, so. I’m sure there’ll be a plane back to Boston soon, and don’t worry, I can afford it, I’ll be fine, there’s no need to—” “Hux,” Leia says, and Hux stops talking immediately. “Is there a first name to go with that?” Hux looks shocked, and then he frowns and looks down at his shoes. “No, ma’am.” Kylo has seen Hux’s first name on the mail he brings back to their room, and he doesn’t understand why Hux doesn’t use it. “Call me Leia,” his mother says, and she holds out her hand. Hux shakes it, somewhat loosely despite his usual finesse in such things. “And stop fretting. The circumstances under which we met were…interesting, to say the least. We’d love to get to know you as Ben seems to have done,” she smiles. “Now come on, the car’s this way.” Leia turns around, leaving Kylo to flounder as his second suitcase comes tumbling down the carousel and Hux to stand there looking as though someone has thrown a bucket of ice water over him. “Besides,” Leia says under her breath, “this is the first time Ben’s ever brought a friend home.” Kylo scowls at her retreating back and begins to drag his two suitcases towards the exit. --- Hux falls asleep again once they’re in the car. He looks a little worse for wear and Leia promises to make him some chicken broth once they get home, though Kylo doesn’t really care either way. “Mom,” he says hesitantly from the back of the car. Hux’s head is in his lap and his hair feels damp through the shirt against his stomach. “Mmm?” “Is Uncle Luke bringing his boyfriend with him again this year?” “Of course he is. They’ve been together for twenty five years now Ben. You know that.” “But mom ,” Kylo whines. “Also, quit calling me Ben.” “‘But mom ,’” Leia mimics. “Honestly, I don’t know what your problem with Wedge is.” “I don’t have a problem with Wedge, I have a problem with him and Uncle Luke making out all over the house like they’re teenagers. Especially now that Luke has that…beard thing.” Leia grimaces. “I agree with you on the beard,” she says. “I don’t like watching my brother get frisky on my sofa either, but believe me, I saw a lot worse when the two of them were in their twenties.” “Ugh,” Kylo says. He strokes a hand through Hux’s hair without thinking about it and leans his head against the window. The car jolts as Leia takes a left turn onto a rough track, and Kylo glances outside as familiar tree formations come into view and they follow a winding route that he remembers well. “Nearly there,” Leia says with a grin, and he sighs. Hux stirs a little as the road becomes trickier to navigate, mumbling in his sleep. His eyes open and close rhythmically for a moment before he seems to fully come to his senses. “Mm, Kylo? Wha’s ‘appening?” “We’ll be there in a minute,” Kylo says. “Where?” Hux says, and then, “Oh. Okay.” He shuffles around and sits up; his hair is plastered to one side of his face and sticking up in all directions from the other. Kylo thinks back to the first time he saw Hux, all prim and proper and perfectly tailored, looking for all the world like he didn’t even want to touch Kylo, let alone travel across the country to meet his family (properly, this time). He’s changed over the last few months, Kylo realises, and he wonders what’s caused it. Is it him? Is it Kylo? Hux seems far more anxious than he had been at the beginning of the semester, but he seems somehow more real, too, as though his hard outer shell is finally cracking. Kylo thinks, maybe, that Hux is finally realising he’s allowed to want things; things he shouldn’t want, things he’s been brought up to see as frivolous, or downright immoral. Hux frowns at him. “What are you thinking about?” he asks, trying to straighten out his hair with both hands. Kylo shrugs. “Nothin,’” he says. “Just that you look like shit.” “Ben!” Leia says from the front of the car. “Language!” “Well I feel like shit, too,” Hux grimaces. “Boys!” Leia rolls her eyes. “Hux, I’ll make you some chicken broth when we get home. You do look a little peaky.” “Oh, that’s alright Ms.—Leia. You needn’t go to any trouble for me,” Hux says. He’s trying to smile at his reflection in the rear view mirror, but instead he just looks miserable. Kylo snorts. “Nonsense,” Leia says. Her smile is so warm that it seems to bring the car’s temperature up by a degree or two. “You’re Ben’s guest.” “ Mom .” --- Leia hadn’t expected to see the Hux boy ever again, let alone in her own home. He’s sitting cross-legged on the window seat in the living room, smiling faintly at something Ben is showing him on his phone. Ben is sitting on the floor, beaming up at Hux with his neck craned back at a horrible angle; Hux seems uncertain about this display of affection, and has his hands planted firmly at his sides as though he’s worried they’ll stray if he doesn’t keep them in check. He’s dressed in a subdued manner, all pale greens and greys that set off his eyes, but nothing too extravagant; a shirt that could be formal or informal depending on the setting, jeans that probably cost an arm and a leg but give the intentional—she guesses—impression that they’ve been worn a number of times. Last time she’d seen him, he’d been wearing a button-up with tailored black trousers and a tie that made his eyes sparkle, clearly trying to seem older than he really was. He’d seemed far more precocious, too, Leia thinks, like a boy who knew what he wanted in life and knew how to get it. She can’t tell what’s come over him, but she can see that he’s changed. He’s softer around the edges, but nervous, too, as though he doesn’t feel comfortable in his skin. Leia sighs. Han is still out and about doing god knows what with Chewie, Rey is still over at her girlfriend’s house—words are going to be exchanged when she gets back—and Leia has no idea where her brother and Wedge are; for all she knows, they could have gotten waylaid in Nebraska by a spontaneous make-out session in Luke’s truck like they did last year. She watches Hux and her son as they try and stifle a laugh at whatever they’re watching on Ben’s phone, and catches the sly look of adoration Hux sends Ben’s way when he isn’t looking. There’s a conflict in his eyes, a small but nonetheless raging fire that he seems to spend all of his time trying to stamp out. He blinks hard for a moment, and when he opens his eyes they’re slightly colder. Leia sighs. --- Kylo watches on in horror as Rey almost falls through the door in her excitement to get at him. There’s a goddamn hickey on her neck that he only notices when her strategically placed scarf slips for a moment, but he doesn’t have time to process this new information as she literally throws herself at his chest like a 5ft ball of concentrated red hot fury. “Whoa,” he says, and she smacks him in the shoulder with the force that only a sibling can muster. “Ow!” “Screw you,” Rey says, but her head is stuck underneath his armpit and her words are muffled; “Also, you smell bad,” she adds. “Well you smell like weed,” Kylo says, and she jolts upright with wide eyes. “It wasn’t me, it was just—“ “Yeah, yeah,” Kylo says, “now go take a shower before mom realises you’re back.” He waves her off. She flips a finger, but she turns back once she’s halfway up the stairs and says, “I missed you.” “Missed you too,” Kylo grins. He turns around once she’s gone and looks at Hux, whom Rey hadn’t even realised was in the room. “So…that’s my sister.” “Huh,” Hux says. “She’s…enthusiastic.” Kylo snorts. “Yeah, that’s one way of putting it.” He scratches at the back of his head and looks away for a moment. “So, you wanna see my room?” “Sure,” Hux shrugs. They trudge upstairs, and Hux has a small coughing fit once they reach the top, but they make it to Kylo’s room without serious incident. The doors in the Organa-Solo house are all smooth, chestnut brown wood, smooth because of how old they are and how much damage they’ve taken rather than by design. Kylo opens his door by twisting the handle and shoving at it with his left shoulder. He pokes his head inside and says, “Yep, just how I left it.” There’s a three quarter bed lodged against the windowsill, sunlight streaming across it and down onto the panelled floor. The window is open, and it smells like pine trees and fresh air. His mother has changed the sheets, but these are his favourites, black and grey with a blood red duvet cover that smells like fabric softener when he faceplants onto the bed. She’s vacuumed and dusted too, but somehow managed to leave all of his mess strewn across the floor—the are stacks of books delineating a diagonal line from the bed to the door, Descartes, Derrida, Baudrillard and Baudelaire, Plato and Aristotle and Oscar Wilde; Kylo likes to read, consumes books like he consumes cheap energy drinks, and Hux raises his eyebrows when he sees them. Kylo never expresses much of a fondness for literature when they’re rooming together. “Come over here,” Kylo says, and it’s soft, softer than the way he speaks when they’re in Boston. His eyes are a chocolate brown and dust motes float about in the sunlight in front of him; he’s so much smoother, his edges are so much blurrier, than in their dorm, where the artificial lighting is like a flashlight illuminating everything it touches in cold white tones. Hux shuffles over and sits down on the edge of the bed, acquiescing when Kylo pulls at his arm and curling up against the taller boy’s chest. Kylo breathes in; Hux usually smells like tea tree and mint and cigarette smoke, but he hasn’t showered yet or smoked much since he became ill, and he smells musky, like clean sweat and like Kylo and like the pine trees outside, which stake their claim on everyone the second they get out of the car. Hux moves about, wrapping one arm up and around Kylo’s shoulder and flattening the other against his chest, pressing his head to where Kylo’s heart is and shoving a foot between Kylo’s ankles. “Sorry,” he says. “I’ve been really weird recently.” “You’re always weird,” Kylo snorts, and presses a kiss to Hux’s hair. “My dad called,” Hux says. “The day after we—the day after we got together.” Kylo frowns. “Uh-huh,” he says. “He said,” Hux swallows. “He said, one of his asshole Law professor spies saw us in the hallway together, when you dropped me off to class that one time.” Kylo bites his lip. “He has spies?” “You know what I mean,” Hux snaps. “He has colleagues, and acquaintances, and contacts. They keep an eye on me, I guess.” “What did he say?” Kylo asks. “He said—he said he didn’t give a shit who I was sucking off or taking it up the ass from,” Hux swallows again, and tries to stifle a hiccup. “But he said, if, if anyone sees me, and it comes back to him, and if, if I ruin his reputation—because he doesn’t give a shit about mine, just his—then he’s fucking—disowning me, having nothing to do with me, and taking away my fucking, my fucking allowance and my home and my cat and my everything .” “You have a cat?” Kylo asks, and blinks hard when he realises how stupid that sounds. Hux sniffles. “She’s called Millicent,” he says, and his lips curve upwards when he says her name in the same way that they do when he says Kylo’s. “Sounds cute,” Kylo says, and Hux smiles, actually smiles so hard that his eyes light up. “Yeah, she is,” he says. “I’m sorry,” Kylo says. Hux shrugs. “Not your fault.” “I’m sorry. I kept making out like my family was the absolute shittiest family on earth and then you have to deal with this asshole—” “He’s not that bad,” Hux says with a grimace. “Maybe I should expect more from him, as my father, but—I don’t know, I just wasn’t brought up that way. He fed me, and he clothed me, and he gave me money. He’s better than a lot of fathers out there.” “That’s dumb,” Kylo says. “Han was a shitty father but he used to take me to the park and show me how to make s’mores, and he taught me how to ride a bike I guess, and sometimes he’d let me sit on his shoulders while we hung out with Uncle Luke and Uncle Wedge, and he’d never throw a fit about me being gay because his best friends are gay and he just doesn’t give a shit but. I don’t know. He just like, grunts at me nowadays. We don’t talk anymore.” “I’m sorry,” Hux says, an echo of Kylo’s apology that somehow sounds more sincere. “Shut up,” Kylo says. “You don’t get to be sorry.” “Fuck you.” “I’m sorrier,” Kylo says. “That’s a stupid word. And you don’t have to be.” “I’m still sorry,” Kylo insists. He presses a kiss to Hux’s hand where it’s clinging to his shoulder, and reaches down to take his other hand in his. “I just thought you were…I don’t know, undecided.” “Undecided?” Hux echoes. “About dating me. About, you know. Getting physical with me. I thought you were testing the waters and getting bored.” Hux snorts, and presses closer until Kylo can feel his breaths landing hot on his collarbone. “Jesus, no. I just haven’t been myself, I guess. I don’t really know what I’m doing. It feels like everything’s changing.” “That makes sense,” Kylo says. “Did you really think I didn’t want to have sex with you?” Kylo shrugs. “Maybe,” he says. “Jesus,” Hux says, and shifts so that he’s sitting up with both legs on either side of Kylo’s hips, looking down at him appraisingly. “I don’t know,” he says. “It was like, every time things started getting too intense, all I could thing about was my dad, and my cat—” “Ew,” Kylo says. “Shut up,” Hux laughs, and punches him on the shoulder—he’s a lot weaker than Rey. “You know what I mean. And then, just as I was getting comfortable, and forgetting about everything except for me and you—Poe and Finn would come barging in and I’d be reminded all over again of why I was so worried in the first place.” “I’m gonna kick both their asses in January,” Kylo mutters. Hux smiles down at him fondly. “Hey, if it weren’t for them, then we might never have met.” Kylo acquiesces with a grin and starts rubbing small circles on Hux’s jean-clad thighs with his fingers. It feels stiflingly hot in the room, even though the window is open and it’s the middle of winter. Hux grabs Kylo’s hands and laces their fingers together. “You know, it’s different out here. We’re on the other side of the country, and no-one here knows my father. We could…you know…” “What,” Kylo says. “We could fuck,” Hux says bluntly, “and I wouldn’t spend the whole time thinking about my father.” “Please stop saying that,” Kylo whines. Hux ignores him, and instead takes his hands back and sets them to the task of removing his shirt. He doesn’t look as pale in the winter sunlight streaming through the windows, more warm and glowing, Kylo thinks. There’s still a smattering of bruises along his collarbone that Kylo put there a couple of days ago, and a small mark where his hipbone juts out that Kylo doesn’t remember leaving. “You bruise easily,” he remarks absentmindedly, more interested in stroking a hand down Hux’s chest, enjoying the feverish warmth of his body that he knows is unusual. “Wait,” Kylo says. “You’re still sick.” He frowns. “And my mom could walk in any second!” “Can’t you lock the door?” Hux asks, starting to make quick work of Kylo’s collar, his fingers nimble and not deterred in the least by the way in which Kylo had mixed the buttons up this morning. “It doesn’t lock,” Kylo grumbles. “I never thought I’d…” “Bring a guy home?” Hux grins. He’s finished with Kylo’s shirt, and leans down to bite at Kylo’s throat, little nips that feel more affectionate than painful. He slides a hand down to Kylo’s crotch and palms at the growing bulge there, moans out a little noise of appreciation when he hears Kylo gasp. “Wait,” Kylo breathes out, “wait, wait.” Hux stops, kisses Kylo’s ear and sits back up. “What?” he asks, slightly breathless. His cheeks are tinged pink, and his lips are wet. Kylo wants to kiss him. “Just, wait,” Kylo says again. He closes his eyes. “I’m serious,” he says. “Anyone could walk in here. And—” “And what?” Hux asks. He tilts his head to the side consideringly, like he did all the time when he first moved in with Kylo. “And…I’ve never actually…done this before. I wanted to talk about it first,” Kylo says. He keeps his eyes shut until he feels Hux’s hands re-buttoning his shirt. He looks up, and the other boy is frowning, bottom lip crimson red where he’s biting at it. “What’s wrong?” Kylo asks. “Nothing,” Hux sighs. He runs a hand through his hair and it stays up as though he’s gelled it, even though Kylo knows he hasn’t. “I just…assumed. And I shouldn’t have assumed. I’m sorry. I feel really shitty.” “Don’t feel shitty,” Kylo says, and feels dumb for saying it. “I mean. I just. You’re so experienced—” “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Hux says, and he’s not looking at Kylo anymore, looking instead out of the window, at the pine trees; his eyes are moss green. “Quit trying to pick a fight,” Kylo snaps. “You know what I mean.” Hux looks at the floor. “That’s different,” he says quietly. “It means something this time. I don’t want to fuck it up.” “Okay,” Kylo says softly. “Let’s not fuck it up then. Let’s talk about it. Have you ever talked about it before?” Hux shrugs. “What do you mean? Like, what I’m going to do to you? What you’re going to do to me?” “Uhh. Yeah? I guess. But not, like, dirty talk,” Kylo says. Hux snorts and lies down so that his body is plastering Kylo’s from head to foot. He feels warm and soft and overwhelmingly nice. “Obviously not that,” Hux mumbles. “So like, do you like…do you top, or do you bottom?” Kylo asks, and his voice comes out a mess. Hux laughs into his shoulder. “Jesus, Kylo,” he says. “What?” “I don’t know, I just. That’s just a dumb question.” “No it isn’t!” “Well, are you a top or a bottom?” Kylo blanches. “I don’t know,” he says. “How should I know? I’ve never done this before!” “Well, what do you want to be this time? Do you want to fuck me?” Kylo inhales deeply. “Uhh…” he says. “I’ll take that as a yes, then,” Hux snickers. “Wait, wait,” Kylo says. “What about you? What do you want to do? You never answered my question!” Hux shrugs half-heartedly. “I don’t really care,” he says into the crook of Kylo’s neck. Kylo scoffs. “Well, do you want to fuck me?” he asks. “Maybe one day,” Hux says. “But I wouldn’t mind being fucked by you, either. In fact, that sounds pretty nice.” Kylo blushes, and he’s glad Hux has his face planted into the space between Kylo’s ear and his jawbone right now, breathing deeply—although he’s sure Hux can sense the heat of the blush, because he lets out a hot huff of laughter, and says into Kylo’s ear, “You’re so cute.” “Shut up,” Kylo says, and turns them both so that he’s lying with a leg thrown over Hux’s lower half. “You blush all the time, so you’re cuter.” “Whatever,” Hux says, but he’s already blushing, so Kylo counts it as a win. “So, when are we doing this?” “What?” “When are you fucking me?” “Quit saying that!” Kylo stage whispers. “The walls are thin!” Hux scoffs. “Yeah, yeah.” “Anyway, we’re not doing anything until you’re better. I shouldn’t even be kissing you, you’re probably going to re-infect me.” Hux grins. “You can’t catch something you gave to me in the first place. That’s not how it works.” “Uh, I’m pretty sure it is.” “Uh-uh.” “Since when are you a Biology major?” Kylo starts to ask, but he gets cut off halfway through the sentence by Hux pressing his feverish lips to his. He moans, and rolls over when he feels Hux pulling weakly at his arm, so that he’s lying stretched out above his boyfriend with Hux’s knee between his legs and his hands pulling at clothing and hair and anything he can find purchase on. Kylo licks into Hux’s mouth so desperately that he can taste the coffee and mints Hux sustains himself on, and he feels their noses bend together as they try and get as close as possible to each other. Every time they kiss it feels as though they need to get inside one another, to eradicate any space between them so that all they can feel and touch and smell and see is each other. Kylo has never felt this intensely about another person, and he’s pretty certain Hux hasn’t, either. The sound of a car pulling into the driveway isn’t entirely surprising, since it’s nearly dinner time and they’ve been lazing around in Kylo’s room waiting for his father’s arrival for a few hours now, but Kylo still feels Hux pull away reluctantly, returning whenever he thinks he’s gone for good and leaving another kiss on his lips, and then another on his nose, on his cheek, on his eyelids, on his ears. Kylo hates his ears, but Hux seems to love giving them attention. “Fuck,” Hux says as he sits up. “I’m going to meet your dad with a boner. Why do I always have hard-ons when I meet your parents?” “Please stop saying shit like that,” Kylo whines. “It’s like, you don’t seem to realise what you’re saying, even after you’ve said it. What the fuck.” Hux shrugs. “I’m not a prude,” he says, and Kylo’s “Oh my god ,” is lost on him as he leaves to go to the bathroom. --- Leia doesn’t know much about Hux, she realises, and neither does Ben. Hux is sitting at the table with his hands in his lap, staring at the slices of meat on his plate. He’s eaten a lot of salad—more than anyone else at the table, actually—but he doesn’t seem to know what to do with the steak except glare at it. Leia glances at Ben and sees that he, too, is watching Hux out of the corner of his eye. Leia clears her throat. “Are you alright, Hux?” Hux startles. “Hmm?” “Do you not like your steak?” “Oh,” Hux says, and blushes. “I’m actually, uh, I actually don’t eat meat.” “ What ,” Ben says at the same time that Leia starts apologising profusely. “No, no, it’s my fault,” Hux says, and he’s bright red now, looking more flustered than ever. “I should’ve told Kylo, or said something when you offered me that chicken broth, I’m so sorry, I didn’t want to offend you.” “His name’s Ben, not Kylo,” Han grunts from the end of the table, and Hux and Ben both stiffen at the same time. “Han, this isn’t the time,” Leia says sternly. She goes and grabs a clean plate from the kitchen and tells Ben to give Hux’s steak to Chewie, who has been observing the commotion from Han’s feet ever since he realised free steak was up for grabs. Han grunts again, and looks Hux’s way. The boy seems to wither under his gaze. “So, how come you don’t eat meat, kid?” “Yeah, since when don’t you eat meat?” Ben asks. Hux shrugs. “I stopped when I was twelve years old, when I got my first cat.” “That’s so cute!” Rey chimes in, and Leia can see Ben trying to hide a smile behind his fist. Han rolls his eyes and glances down at Chewie, who has finished his steak and is staring at Hux, waiting for more. “I’d never eat Chewie here, but that doesn’t mean I’m not going to enjoy this cow.” “ Dad ,” Rey whines, and Leia smiles at just how much she sounds like her brother. “You know, my girlfriend Jessika is a vegetarian too,” Rey says proudly. Hux nods. “Good,” he smiles. “I’m sure we’d get along.” Leia tunes out for a moment, loading up a plate with potatoes and vegetables and trying to sieve the tiny shreds of meat out of the gravy. When she returns to the dining room, Ben is gesticulating about something and Hux is trying to maintain a straight face while he drinks his wine. Rey is texting Jessika under the table, and the only reason Han hasn’t noticed is because he’s attempting to covertly filch a chunk of meat from Rey’s plate that Leia suspects he is planning on giving to Chewie. She smiles. It’s been a long time since Ben has come home to visit, but this is what she missed. Chapter 6 Notes: i'm screaming i wanted this to be the last chapter but it?? isn't??? don't worry this isn't the end, but it might take me a while to write the final section so i wanted to give you this gift of Bad Smut Written By An Ace before i abandoned you for the duration of exam season lmao Kylo shifts around, trying to get comfortable. This bed is far softer and warmer than the piece of garbage they’d provided he and Hux with in their dorm room, but somehow his body has become accustomed to the stiff mattress with the springs poking through, and this feels almost too luxurious. Hux is curled up in front of him, giving off heat like a furnace and scrolling through his emails. It’s only 10pm, but his parents have already gone to bed, and Rey is Skyping with her girlfriend on the other side of the house. He and Hux had stayed in the living room for a short while, Hux sipping his trademark late night coffee and watching a rerun of The X-Files while Kylo played Minecraft on his laptop, but eventually the fire had gone out and Kylo didn’t dare attempt to relight it for fear of setting the house on fire. He’d slipped into bed while Hux showered, and when his boyfriend had joined him he’d smelled like Kylo’s wood spice shower gel, and when they’d kissed he’d tasted like the fennel toothpaste he used, and Kylo was in love. He stares at the back of Hux’s head, waiting for him to switch off his phone and turn around. He’s ready, and he thinks Hux is, too. The fresh air seems to have done him some good, and although he still feels warm and clammy, his chest doesn’t rattle when he breathes anymore, and he’s hardly sneezed since dinnertime. “Hux,” Kylo whispers. “ Hux ,” he says again, slightly louder, when Hux ignores him and seems to continue reading an article about feline immortality instead. “Mm, what?” Hux says sleepily. Kylo knows he isn’t tired, because he was drinking coffee just over half an hour ago. It’s a ruse. “Do you wanna, you know?” “What.” “My parents and Rey are on the other side of the house, do you wanna…” “Do I want to what.” “Hux!” Kylo says, loud enough that Hux jumps and drops his phone. It lands in one of Kylo’s Doc Martens and he snickers. “Do you want to have sex.” Hux turns over so that he’s facing Kylo, and his face is all sharp angles in the shadowy dark, but Kylo can see the smile and the warmth in his eyes. “Do you want to? Are you sure?” “Yes,” Kylo breathes out. “I’m sure this time.” “Do you have stuff?” “Stuff?” Kylo echoes. “Oh, you mean. Yeah, I have condoms.” “Lube?” Hux raises his eyebrows. “Uhh…” Hux snorts. “It’s okay, I brought some with me.” “You brought some with you?” Kylo asks. He grins. “Were you planning this?” “Shut up,” Hux says, stretching out and reaching over Kylo’s pile of clothes to get to his duffel bag. “I always carry lube. It’s a necessity.” “Jesus,” Kylo says, but he’s grateful when Hux returns with a strip of condoms and a small bottle of lube. “Okay. So. How do we do this? Do you like, turn over?” Hux rolls his eyes. “We’re not doing anything yet, Christ. Why are you being so technical about this?” He places the condoms and lube on Kylo’s side table and sits up to take his shirt off. “Take your pyjamas off. We both need to be fully naked for once.” Kylo gulps. He suddenly feels out of his depth, but in a good way, like he’s taking the final step towards something fulfilling, something that he’s been working his way towards for a long time. He shrugs out of his Fugazi shirt, which he hasn’t washed since Hux “borrowed” it a few weeks ago, and wriggles out of his underwear, watching as Hux does the same, unbuttoning his plaid pyjama shirt and shimmying out of his matching pants in a way that probably shouldn’t be sexy but is . Then they’re both naked and Kylo doesn’t know what to do, because sure, he’s seen Hux naked before—hell, he’s jerked Hux off before—but usually there’s still a shirt involved, or an embarrassing pair of socks, or sometimes they do it entirely clothed, which they fully regret in the morning, but hey. It feels almost otherworldly when Hux presses himself up against Kylo, and he feels the heat of skin-on-skin from his toes to his lips, where Hux places a gentle kiss. “You’re so warm,” Kylo mumbles. “I’m not used to it.” “There are benefits to having a fever,” Hux snickers, and before Kylo can become too preoccupied with the idea that shit, Hux is still sick , Hux nudges with his nose until Kylo turns his head and feels the heat, even more intense, of Hux’s tongue and teeth. He nips at Kylo’s ear, then at his jaw, until he reaches Kylo’s throat and bites, hard , and Kylo writhes underneath him, bringing his hands up to clutch at Hux’s bare shoulders as Hux laves at the mark he’s sucked into Kylo’s throat. “Mmm,” Hux says, kissing Kylo on the lips and at the base of his jaw, “I really like you.” “Ngh,” Kylo says inarticulately, “I really like you too. A lot.” He gasps when he feels Hux’s length brush up against his own, already wet with precome and so hot and visceral and real . “Wait, wait.” “What?” Hux asks, pausing in his ministrations. “Too much?” “No, no,” Kylo tries to clarify. “I want to—can I suck you off?” Hux freezes, his pupils blown wide. All they have is the flickering light of a red candle that Kylo lit earlier, and Hux looks like some sort of ethereal fairy—no, no, not a fairy, he’d hate that word—some sort of changeling, a fae, something mischievous and not-quite-right but oh so tempting, and Kylo is almost giddy when Hux says, “Yes, yes, please ,” and rolls over so that Kylo is on top of him, and he feels so powerful now, with Hux looking up at him like he’s the world, like he’s his and only his. Kylo kisses down his chest, too enthusiastic to do it with much finesse or pay much special attention to Hux’s nipples, where he knows the other boy is particularly sensitive. When he reaches Hux’s cock, he almost blanches; he’s given head before, of course, but never to Hux . What if he does something wrong? What if Hux isn’t into it? He blinks, and places a kiss on Hux’s thigh, going further and further until he’s breathing in the scent of Hux and pressing his lips to strawberry blond curls that are clean and soft after Hux’s shower. He inhales, exhales, and feels Hux’s hand in his hair, exerting no pressure, just a reassuring presence. Kylo suddenly remembers what he’s supposed to be doing, and how to do it; he gets a hand around the base of Hux’s cock, and before he’s even moved his head into position, he feels more than hears the gasp that Hux lets out. “Kyl-o,” he says, and it’s feather soft, like a caress. Kylo kicks himself into gear. He wants this to be good, but he doesn’t want them both to be exhausted by the end of it; he wants to fuck Hux tonight, has to. He licks from where his hand is to the tip of Hux’s cock, suckling lightly on the head before he takes Hux fully into his mouth. He can just about reach his hand when he starts bobbing his head up and down, but Hux isn’t too big, just nice, and pretty, and oh , he feels good and smells good and—Kylo isn’t an expert, but he doesn’t have to do much work with his hand to make up for what he can’t do with his mouth. Hux is making tiny little noises at the back of his throat, little whimpers and cut-off moans that turn into drawn-out sounds of pleasure when Kylo does something with his tongue that he learned from his last boyfriend. He can feel himself hardening at the way Hux’s hips twitch, as though he has only just enough presence of mind to stop himself from fucking into Kylo’s mouth with abandon, and Kylo feels it deep in his groin when Hux makes a frustrated, mewling sound as his cock hits the back of Kylo’s throat and Kylo uses his forearm to prevent him from launching up off the bed. Hux’s hand has gone from being a reassuring presence to tugging incessantly at his hair, drawing noises of pain-pleasure out of Kylo whenever he does anything particularly risqué with his tongue and gets a sharp pull in return. He’s so turned on at this point that he starts rutting against the bed sheets, and he has to stop himself when he remembers what the point of this whole exercise was—to get Hux relaxed enough that Kylo can fuck him. He keeps going even when his jaw starts to ache, the scratch of Hux’s nails on his scalp too good to give up, and when Hux starts to warn him with little broken-off moans of his name—“Ky, Ky-l, Kyloooo, I’m gon, I’m gonn”—he carries on, too addicted to the feeling of Hux, hard and hot in his mouth. When Hux comes, Kylo manages to swallow most of it down; he remembers the acrid taste of salt well, but this time it goes down easier, and he licks his lips afterwards, collecting the stray strands of saliva and come coating his chin. Hux has his eyes closed, one arm thrown over his face and the other spread out across the bed. He looks more relaxed, like some sort of pale, luminescent starfish, than Kylo has ever seen him. “Was that…was that okay?” Kylo asks hesitantly. Hux opens his eyes, but they focus somewhere lower down, on Kylo’s cock, rather than on his face. “Was that okay?” Hux repeats incredulously. “Of course that was okay, you idiot. C’mere.” Kylo kisses Hux, and the other boy doesn’t seem to care about the aftertaste, which is a novelty for Kylo, and he embraces it, kissing him languidly until they’re both out of breath again, with cherry red lips coated in saliva. “You’re so beautiful,” Hux says, and Kylo blushes, feels it down to his toes. “That was amazing, you’re perfect, so perfect,” Hux adds, and he leans up to kiss Kylo again, hard and fast. “You still want to fuck me?” Kylo nods. “If you’re not…you know, too tired.” Hux snorts. “I can go again,” he says. “Now grab the lube.” Kylo grabs the lube, but his hands have started shaking and he drops the bottle; it lands on Hux’s stomach. “Calm down,” Hux says, but his words are fond. He grasps Kylo’s hands in his and rubs them soothingly; Kylo feels as though Hux’s fucked out vibes are being absorbed by him via osmosis, somehow, and he relaxes slightly, realises he’s being an idiot over nothing. “I’m okay,” he says. “Do I just—” Hux spreads his legs, and Kylo falters for a second. He picks up the lube and clicks open the cap, but his eyes are fixed between Hux’s legs. “Use lots of lube,” Hux says. “Start with one finger. You’ll figure it out from there. I’ll tell you what to do.” “Okay,” Kylo says, but he’s not paying attention, more focused on trying not to come there and then at the sight of Hux spread out in front of him, looking so warm and happy and just, like, pure sex, that Kylo feels like he might spontaneously combust. When he thinks his fingers are sufficiently coated, he rubs the substance around a little bit until it doesn’t feel as achingly cold. He shuffles forward, feeling self-conscious and underprepared and overwhelmingly inexperienced, but Hux is smiling lazily up at him, so trusting in this moment, that he feels like he can do this and not fuck everything up irrevocably. He does as Hux says, inserts one finger, slowly; he feels the other boy tense up, but then Hux breathes out through his nose and seems to loosen up again. Kylo freezes. He doesn’t know what to do next. “Just…move,” Hux says. “Feel around,” he snickers, and Kylo glares at him, feeling like the mood is being ruined in this very moment. He does as he’s told, crooks his finger and hears Hux gasp; he pushes in, pulls out, repeats the motion, until Hux is rotating his hips ever so slightly, trying to get more , and he can see Hux is starting to get hard, too; he’s enjoying this, Kylo realises, and he feels a surge of pride and affection well up inside him. “Is this okay?” he asks, and Hux looks him in the eye, cheeks tinged pink. “More,” he says around a moan. “Add another finger.” “Okay,” Kylo says, and he feels more confident this time, drizzling a little extra lube around Hux’s hole and sliding a second finger in. Hux groans rather than gasps, pressing himself down on Kylo’s fingers in a way that makes Kylo have to grip his own cock to keep from being overwhelmed. He crooks both fingers and is rewarded with the filthiest sound he’s ever heard Hux make, deeper than the boy’s usual register and accompanied by his eyes rolling back into his head. “That’s good, that’s good,” Hux pants, and he’s half-arching up off the bed now. “Add another finger, add a third, I’m almost ready for you,” he says, keening off into a moan at the end of the sentence. Kylo does as he’s told, adds a third finger, and Hux seems to struggle to accommodate him for a second, and Kylo suspects he’s been impatient and rushed him, but then everything is okay and Hux relaxes around him and just melts into the bed, his hips rising and falling with the thrusts of Kylo’s fingers, and if it feels this good with just his fingers inside Hux, then Kylo is terrified of just how long he’ll be able to maintain control once he is inside Hux. Hux is fully hard by the time he remembers to reach over to the bedside table and grab a condom, and he all but throws it at Kylo’s face. “I’m ready, I’m ready, just fuck me already, please , Kylo, Ky—” “Okay,” Kylo says, and he wishes he could stop saying that. He withdraws his fingers and Hux whines, making something snap inside of Kylo; he fumbles with the condom, hands slippery with lube and shaking with unrestrained desire. He gets it on and gets his hands under Hux’s knees, no longer bothered with manoeuvring into whatever the “right” position is; he wants to be in Hux right now , and Hux seems just as impatient, getting his hands on Kylo’s ass and all but dragging him forwards. “Okay, okay,” Kylo keeps saying, and then he’s sliding into Hux and everything is so smooth and hot and tight that his vision almost whites out for a second. He hears Hux cry out beneath him and forces his eyes open to make sure the other boy is alright, but Hux is fine, better than fine, his neck exposed in one long line and his pupils blown wide, face a picture of ecstasy in the flickering candlelight. Kylo gasps, and then makes himself move, slowly at first when he sees Hux wince, tiny little rotations of his hips that are maddening to both of them, until Hux seems comfortable to the extent that his nails are in Kylo’s back, trying to pull him even closer. “Harder,” Hux gets out between gritted teeth. “Come on, Ky-lo.” Kylo grunts, falls forward so that he’s supporting himself with his elbows; he can mouth at Hux’s jawline from here and taste the sweat, feel the dampness of his hair, and as Hux lifts his legs and interlinks his ankles at the base of Kylo’s back, Kylo seems to hit somewhere important because Hux lets out a sudden cry that is so loud and so obviously sexual that Kylo is absolutely certain his parents and his sister have heard it, but he doesn’t care in that moment, because Hux is clinging to him like he’ll die if he lets go, and the room is hot and humid and the candle is starting to burn out and everything smells like smoke and sex and it all feels so overwhelming that he knows he’s going to come too soon , so he reaches down to make sure Hux gets off first, only to realise that Hux has somehow already come, untouched except for the rough friction he’s gotten against Kylo’s chest, and if that isn’t the hottest thing Kylo’s ever seen or heard of—he thrusts a couple more times, everything irregular and uncoordinated, but it’s okay, because Hux is murmuring sweet nothings into his ear and licking at his throat and it feels so primal and beautiful and perfect that he comes with his eyes clenched shut and the feel of Hux wrapping his long, slender limbs around Kylo like an octopus. --- He wakes up too hot and confused—weren’t they having sex just a few seconds ago? The room is pitch black and he has Hux pressed up against the wall as though they’re back in their shitty dorm room bed. He feels the need to check but no, okay, Hux must have disposed of the condom and cleaned them up. Kylo feels a surge of affection for the other boy and presses himself even closer, tangling their legs together and breathing in deep. He’s asleep in seconds. --- He wakes again to the faint sounds of scuffling and murmured voices. A burnt orange dawn is sending flickering beams of light through the cheap venetian blinds, and Hux has rolled over during the night; his fever seems to have broken, and his cold feet are pressed between Kylo’s thighs, keeping them both in a state of mild discomfort. Kylo hears another loud thump, from what he thinks might be the kitchen, and he worries for a moment that someone has broken in before he hears Chewie give a plaintive whine. “Damn it!” he hears Uncle Luke say, “I told you to watch out for Chewie’s food bowl!” “Sssh!” another voice, presumably Wedge, responds. Kylo groans. “They’re here,” he whispers, but Hux doesn’t hear him, too engrossed in whatever dream has his eyelids twitching and his lips curved into a small, private smile. Kylo grins and goes back to sleep. He doesn’t hear his uncle open his door and give a soft, affectionate snort at the sight of them. "Like uncle, like nephew," Luke says to Wedge, before they head back downstairs to deposit a huge sack of presents underneath the Christmas tree.