Salvaging on Jakku There was a noise in the sands below. A speeder of some sort. No, speeders. More than one, large, powerful and clean. Rey pulled back inside the hulk of the ship she’d been scavenging, found a peephole, looked out. First Order stormtroopers. Four. At their command was an extraordinarily tall trooper in formidable silver armour, with a gleaming helm. They vanished out of Rey’s sight into the shadow of the wreck. Searching for something, but what? She could hear them talking, splitting up, steps moving further into the decrepit ship. As quietly as possible, Rey shifted her weight, looking for another crack, another view. Working her way a bit deeper into the ship, she peered into the depths, only to have her foot shift as the rusted metal crumbled out from under it. Phasma took off her helmet as she watched her troopers retreat into the sands to search for the droid. This beastly planet was grossly overheated and her blond hair clung to her head as she took a moment to relax in the shade. She wasn’t very confident they’d find the droid in this rock crawling with scavengers and thieves, but orders were orders, and her men would search. There was a slight clink and a sound of metal debris falling above her. These old hunks of junk were crumbling to pieces, but when she glanced up something moved too fast to be decay. A person? “Show yourself!” she commanded. The wreck went silent. Rey didn’t know what the soldiers were after or why, but she knew it was better to stay out of their way. So when the chrome plated trooper made quick strides towards her hidey hole, she froze. The blonde soldier peered up through a hole directly at her, a hand on the blaster. “Scavenger? Come down here, at once.” A long breath. Rey had a flash in her head that told her it would be safer to comply; it wasn’t like she was doing anything wrong . Not really. She put her hands up and edged her way down a girder. “Not gonna hurt anyone Sir. Just salvaging.” The metallic soldier came into better view. “I’m sorry… ummm… ma’am.” Phasma frowned. Just as she thought, a scavenger, girl, not more than 20 … although with these underfed desert brats you could never really tell. Still, she was surprisingly cute for a desert forager. Phasma found herself unexpectedly warming to the girl. “Sir is fine. Yes, yes, of course, just salvaging . Get down here, I have some questions for you.” Rey traversed the girder downwards the rest of the way with her hands up, and then hopped onto the sand. From this angle the chrome armour was even more impressive, the woman towered over her. Rey took in a deep breath of awe mixed with fear. Still the little note in the back of her head that pinged at danger stayed silent. Crossing the sands towards the tiny girl, Phasma patted her down for weapons, lingering unnecessarily. She knew better, of course, it was conduct unbecoming an officer. But the girl was scavenging scum on a useless hunk of rock. Capt. Phasma allowed herself the luxury of flouting protocol for a few daring seconds. Never more than that. “No weapons. At ease. We are looking for a droid. Not one of these dead carcasses, but a live one. Recent. You seen anything?” Rey shook her head, too overwhelmed by the woman’s presence to speak. She had never seen a humanoid that immaculate. Gleaming. Commanding. Phasma nodded curtly. She didn’t expect anything of this fishing expedition anyway. There was nothing to be gained from interrogating guttersnipes and dormice. “You may go then. Just don’t bring this thing down around my head before my troops return.” She went to go rest on a fallen wing. “Ma’am… um… Sir?” As the woman turns away, Rey finally blurts out a question. “Are you, are you real? Like all the shiny…” She didn’t know exactly what she meant to ask, but she felt sure the trooper would take offense. But the gleaming suit of armour was a point of pride for the officer, and she paused. “Real? Yes. Chromium plate from… well, you wouldn’t know the history, but noble origins I assure you.” Rey bit her lip, “Maybe, I might know. The old wrecks all have their stories.” Phasma thought for a moment, flattered by the interest. “It’s tied up in ancient politics. But the Chromium was salvaged from the personal yacht of a great leader by the name of Senator Palpatine.” “Salvage? But it’s nothing like this junk,” without fully thinking Rey reached out her hand to touch the gleaming armor. Chuckling Phasma replied “No, not like this mess. It was an honor to have received the damaged vessel and a long labor of love to refine the chromium.” She picked up her helmet, and ran her hand over the curves. “It once signified royalty. I was only allowed to create this when I had ascended to the rank of Captain.” Rey was fascinated. The huge woman was a scavenger (of sorts) who had ascended to such noble heights; but still somehow humbled by her very armour. “You crafted it yourself?” The captain nodded, smiling. “I wouldn’t have trusted anyone else to forge it.” The girl’s hand moved from her metal arm to touch the helm, reverently, fingers touching the tips of her metal glove. Phasma’s heart swelled. Her stormtroopers took her armour for granted, assumed it was the mantle of her leadership and left it at that. It was rare that anyone showed genuine interest. Rey jumped and snatched back her hand at the sound of boots behind her. The other stormtroopers were returning. One of them was dragging along Rey’s speeder. “Hey, that’s mine! I need that.” “Any sign of the droid?” Phasma ignored her protests, striding over to her soldiers. “No, just this piece of junk.” The trooper dropped her little scooter. “I said it’s mine! ” Phasma replaced her helmet. “Leave it. The droid is clearly not in this sector, we’ll move onto the next.” She wasn’t quite sure what to say to the scavenger girl, it was highly unlikely she’d ever see her again. Somewhat formally, she nodded her head “Thank you for the interest.” It felt terribly awkward, but it was the correct protocol and she had orders to get on with. The stormtroopers mounted their speeders and darted away. Rey scuffed her feet in the footsteps the shiny Captain had left behind in the sand, shrugged, and then climbed back up in the hulk to see what she could find.