Rebirth Summary: This toys with the idea of Rey being a reincarnation of Anakin Skywalker. It explores the emotional impact that might have on her and what memories she might see in visions or dreams. “If you live long enough, you see the same eyes in different people” Sometimes she had dreams although she never quite liked them. The world was weighted in these visions and the air was humid enough to suffocate her. She gazed out into this world through two spotlights blaring through the darkness that always seemed to surround her. They reminded her of the moonlight, but she was never sure why. There was something pure and almost majestic about the way they fell onto the land and she was drawn to them – drawn to the mysticism of it all. Different faces occupied the light, but they altered each time; sometimes more than once in the same dream. She never recognized them though she knew she should. These people were important to her. She loved them. She thought. Normally they were nothing but distorted, faceless shadows by the time she awoke. But in the dreams they were everything to her. Love, hatred, regret, despair, they flooded her senses in one way or another. On this night the face was a young woman with dark eyes. The eyes terrified her. They were an endless void with nothing to offer, but never barren. There were mysteries and legends in those eyes. Ancient secrets and sonnets. They held too much. They were weeping. Rey felt sorrow for the woman. She missed her without knowing her name. She felt regret towards her as if she had wronged her. This woman was weeping because of her and the guilt flooded her senses until she felt nauseous. A beast. That was what she was to this woman. She wasn’t angry for the label, she knew it was fitting. It was a punishment. Why would she be punished? Steadily a world formed behind the woman. She heard the crackling of fire before she saw the flames they accompanied. Ash gracefully fell upon them while the landscape burned without care for the two figures trapped in the midst of the destruction. The scent of charred flesh reached her swiftly and her skin began to sting. She clutched her forehead, but it the pain rose along with the flames. She began screaming out in agony, but the woman wouldn’t help her. Why would she? She only continued to stare while fire danced around her bones. The sky had been abandoned by sunlight and encased them in shadows. Rey’s knees buckled under her and she fell onto the molten rock. Her entire body was burning now and all she could do was call out for help. No one would arrive. When she glanced to the side she was met with a river of lava flowing towards her. She cried out again and again until her throat was raw. At last the woman moved towards her. In a steady motion she stood over Rey’s burning body. Her lips began moving, but the sound was lost. Perhaps her ears were gone. Perhaps she was waking up. She wasn’t quite so sure any longer. Seeing the woman this close to her. Seeing her eyes more clearly, her entire being more solidly, she realized that the woman couldn’t breathe. She couldn’t breathe because Rey was choking her. The island air felt frigid upon waking up. She breathed it in without control in the fear that it might vanish. Her lungs were still stinging as she rushed over to the river. A true river – one with refreshing water and not polluted by ash. She drank from it selfishly and splashed it against her skin in case she carried some of the fire over. Another came and sat at her side, keeping his silence. “Sorry if I woke you.” she said. “I wasn’t sleeping much myself.” Over to the east she caught a glimpse of the falcon. The sky above her was dim, but the stars broke through the darkness and made the ocean shimmer. “I used to have night terrors too.” he said. “How did you get rid of them?” “Mediating. Finding distractions.” “And they work?” “They ward them off while you look for the source.” They listened to the humming of bugs and watched the lights from them rise up and illuminate the island surface. All the while he looked to her solemnly. There was something her eyes that frightened him. When she first arrived, it was difficult to speak because those eyes shined brilliantly before him – reminding him of something. They were dark, captivating, the endless depths of the sea decorated by mysteries, horror, and sorrow. But there was also a light to them. One that skipped across the murky surface and rose from the void. And it danced and shimmered and created sunlight. He had seen those eyes once before. Rey was quickly swept into another vision. A frigid air skidded from the windows and wrapped her in a suffocating embrace. The light was dim and she could hardly see as she stepped forward. The first thing she noticed was the silence. Not a sound emerged from this place, but a ringing remained in her ears. In the back of her mind she could hear screaming and cries, but they were distant like a swallowed memory. The ringing grew louder. She felt something soft under her shoe. Falling to her knees, her skin cringed at the roughness of small bones under her hand. Steadily, she turned the body so she could see the face of the dead boy lying in the dark. She jumped back and felt herself trip over something else – another corpse. The air was fading again as she continued moving, picking up her pace, searching for a door of any kind. But everywhere she stepped she was met with the same fate – another still body. Another disembodied limb. Sleeping faces of youth. By the time she found an exit the light was coming back. She looked out into the room to see the floor decorated in the dead. And she knew that she had killed them. In a daze she pushed open the door behind her and stumbled into a grim corridor. Men in suits ran up to speak with her, but their words held little meaning. Her breath was coming out in spats and she wanted nothing more than to lie down and rest awhile until the dream was done. Of course, the men continued speaking in her ear. Not far from her was a woman in white talking back to the men. Her face was young, but she had seen this face before. She promptly thought of the women among the fire – they both carried the same blaze in their dark eyes. But those eyes belonged to someone else. Someone she considered a dear friend only the face in this room was softer, but still just as beautiful and strong. Subconsciously, she gravitated towards the woman until she hit the woman’s back my mistake. The woman didn’t turn or act surprised. She had other matters on her mind which didn’t concern Rey. Rey turned around and found herself directly in front of a window. The men in suits had disbanded for the most part, but a few stood before the window as well along with the woman. In the dark sky there was a series of lights. Sparks fell into the stars and took pieces of mountains, trees, and bones along with them. The planet shimmered from below while the flames wrapped around it and tore it apart. The fire was selfish. It let ash rain from the heavens and devoured every piece of life it could find. It drank from the seas and clawed at the ground. It pulled cities into the air and watched them fall and sink into the darkness. It took without remorse until there was nothing left. And from the safety of this tower in the sky, all Rey could see was a bright light before it faded into black. The woman gazed into the void without tears or protest. She only watched, but Rey could see that her hands were trembling. She wanted to reach out to her, but the room had suddenly shifted. She stood on a bridge where a young man was dangling over darkness. He was screaming at her, saying “no” to himself repeatedly. This face too was familiar to her, just like the woman, his features were soft and not yet worn from unfortunate facts of life. His eyes were damp and swollen, but there was a light in them. They were hopeful and kind. She held out her hand to help him. He stared at her for a long moment. Her pulse began to quicken and her breath was almost gone. She begged him to take her hand. She told him he would die if he didn’t. She was weeping inside the mask she wore and her vision became hazy. Awful images flickered through her mind and she cried out to him, demanding that he grab a hold of her hand. Only he didn’t. And then he was falling. She screamed until the air had been used up and her head became light. Gradually a coat of blackness fell across her eyes and carried her into a deep sleep. When she awoke she was sitting on the floor with her back to a wall. Before her was the boy who gave her a sorrowful smile. She knew that she had said kind words to him – something significant. The memory of those words were lost on her, but she knew that she had said them. From the looks of the boy, it seemed that they had meant something to him. But now this life was drifting away and it seemed to be too soon. She reached out to him one last time, feeling the need to be near him. There was a sense of pride building up inside of her when she looked at him. He had done so well and she loved him so dearly. She never thought she could. It had been so long. And now she was leaving him just as quickly as he had found her. It was all too soon. The light left and she sank into the darkness. When Rey awoke she was flying. From the windows of the ship she could see clouds and a blue sky that stretched for miles without end and from below there was golden sand rising into the sun like all of the great mountains she had read about it. In the corner she saw herself – young and small. She was sleeping soundly and peacefully unaware of the misfortunes that would take place after she landed. When the visions ended, Rey found herself on a cliff top filled with lush grass and the scent of sea salt. The waves miles below were silent and serene. Tiny lights lifted up from the ground and blinked at her curiously. They drifted up into the night sky and fell back down gracefully. There was a man with her – a boy. Kylo Ren. His hand collapsed into his side and his knees gave way beneath him. He crashed into the soil and pounded the dirt with his fists. Rey’s mind felt raw and her skull throbbed fiercely as she stepped closer to the weeping boy. “It isn’t fair.” he said, “You’re just a scavenger, why should you get this?” He glanced up at her with reddening, damp eyes and a running nose. His teeth clenched and he stumbled looking for his saber. Once he had it in his hand he jumped to his feet and began tearing away at the few trees nearby. He threw the crimson blade into the trunk and continuously clashed the two. Sparks shed from the saber and vanished into the grass. He did this until he grew tired and when he saw that the tree only hand a sliver in it, he smashed it with more force before collapsing out of exhaustion. How long had it been since he slept? Days. Months. Perhaps years. His bones quaked under his skin. They were sore and close to breaking. His muscles felt tattered and his blood was running cold. This was good though. This agony, this searing physical trauma meant he was doing good. They would be proud of him. Grandfather would be proud. No, no he wouldn’t be proud. Ren turned to the girl behind him. He stared into those dark eyes and he wanted nothing more than to tear this tree from the ground and chuck it over the edge. And those eyes – the disgust running through them, the pity, the smugness, the disappointment. He wished he could burn them until they were nothing but ash. He despised those eyes. He loathed the way she looked at him. He wanted her buried. “Why would you choose her?” he asked, “What was so wrong about me?” “You’re making yourself sick.” He picked up the saber and made another mark in the tree. “When I was a child, my parents told me stories about the legendary Anakin Skywalker. They said he was brave and strong, but that he had a darkness in him he couldn’t escape. But when I looked back at the stories it seemed to me that his strongest moments were the ones when he gave in to it. The light made him weak and led to his death and I always assumed he must have regretted that. But in those memories you were weeping like you were mortified. Why would you do that?” She couldn’t answer him. Instead she fell to her knees and wrapped her arms around him. His body became stiff, but he was still crying. And again there was familiarity to it all for Rey. He reminded her of all the people she had met and loved, but there was something else here. A voice or a memory or a soul was lingering inside her. It was distraught, but being here made it feel at peace in some odd way. The same soul from her visions. The same one who had been watching over for so long and to be real again, to be tangible, to be with family after so many years was overwhelming. The soul and Ren were the same, really. Lost boys too blind to see the people who loved them. Too frightened to accept the help. Angry at the state of the world itself, but not at anything specific. Holding onto that rage because it was connected to them and comforting. Feeling happy or peaceful was a foreign concept they couldn’t understand and they chose not to learn. Serenity was fleeting, but the world was always grotesque. Relying on that ugliness didn’t disappoint. It was reliable. Peace. Peace was fragile. It could shatter at any moment and when put back together it was never the same. There were still the scars from the brutality of before. Peace was a myth. Ren desired it horribly. “Why didn’t you choose me?” he said, “I’m your own flesh and blood. Your children betrayed you, just look at what they’ve done to you.” He pushed Rey off of him and the air suddenly felt more chilling. The brisk wind stung his open wounds and burned his eyes. He lifted his arm to slice the tree again, but Rey grabbed his wrist and pulled him away from the cycle. His face was distorted in this light. The canopy of the tree hovered above him, casting shadows across forehead and eyes. The light from the bugs illuminate his chin and his gaping mouth. The lips were dry and blood seeped in through the cracks from excessive chewing. His cheeks were raw, crimson, and damp. The water glistened in this light and he was nothing more than a lonely child again who ran away from home and was too prideful to go back. Cold, smoky air drifted from between his teeth and he sniffled. There were too many thoughts rushing through his mind – all too disorganized and shapeless to mutter aloud. Too many emotions overlapping, fighting for dominance, fading in and out, switching drastically. He broke away from her grasp and clutched the sides of his head. He screamed and leaned over until his nose was almost touching the grass. Steadily through cracked notes, he said, “None of this is real.” There was a gentle howl in the wind. He sank further into the ground. “I couldn’t even feel it. But she…they all…everyone knew.” “Leia’s stronger than you, that’s why she felt it.” “No she isn’t. If she’s so strong then why couldn’t she see that her own son was miserable being sent off and all alone. I didn’t want to train, I didn’t want any of it.” “What did you want?” “I don’t remember.” He took her wrist and pressed her hand to his forehead. His arm trembled as he held it and he would not look up. He breathed slowly for a moment, trying to compose himself, and then said, “Find it.” Timidly, she concentrated and found herself in a child’s room. The sun was shedding through the window and filling every corner with a soft light. There was a picture on the wall in front of her of an endless blue sky and thin clouds. A pilot stood tall in front of it smiling with their attention on her. It looked like an old recruitment poster. “Did you see it?” She turned around to see a boy – possibly eleven or twelve – sitting on a desk. He was grinning from ear to ear as he looked up at his mother. She seemed proud of her little boy. “I’m just like you.” the boy said. The light from the room faded and sent her to a dim hallway. A cozy fire crackled from the den and shined into the hall where the same boy stood with his back against the wall. He looked a little taller, a little wearier. His parents spoke in low voices from the other room. Their tone was hushed, but once in a while a shout would break through or a cry. The voices were dry, but there was spite in them and some coldness. There was also an exhaustion rising over them and it somehow managed to grab each statement and drag it under a fog. Voices cracked and in the end it was much like drowning. Anything with meaning was distorted and far away. It was shrouded in a darkness that became more sinister and overbearing the longer Ben fell into it. He took from the surface what he could grab. “I don’t want to send him away.” “I don’t either, but I’m concerned.” “So he’s talking to himself. Kids do that sort of thing.” Every thought became a judgement. Together these two were deciding his fate and scheming for a way to release him from their lives. Every act he’d done rose into the void and then fell so that it would sink along with him. Another chain to be wrapped around his ankle and send him to the depths of the sea. Sometimes they would bind themselves, cast a piece of blame into their own choices, but his name never left their lips. Every sentence dealt with blood, a feeling, dread, oddities, and sadness. Although he couldn’t find it in him to accept the misery dripping over their own emotions. Something inside him told him that they only did this to relieve themselves of guilt. If they felt miserable for this judgement then they were good people because misery only proved they cared. Ben didn’t believe this. He had felt that desolation for a while now as it tended to be born from growing older and the confusion or change it carried along. This gloom brushing over him didn’t mean he loved something enough it made him mentally and physically sick, it meant he was being awakened to a reality which he did not particularly like. He recalled the stories of Vader. Peers of his retold the legends given to them by their parents of the wrathful and beastly man who brought nothing but sorrow to innocent lives. The Vader in these myths was cruel and uncaring. He created chaos and embraced the ripples it created. Though his own parents told him the good and spoke of redemption, the Vader crossing their lips now was the same monster children told each other about in ghost stories. This Vader was something to be feared and shunned and Ben’s name became entangled in it all. The boy listening hit the wall with the back of his fist and ran off to his room. Rey followed him and saw him throw his things across the floor. He ripped off the blankets from his bed and flung his pillow into a lamp. The shade fell off and the base knocked over a clutter of trinkets resting on the desk. He walked over and kicked each toward the door, almost hitting her in the process. Then he moved to the poster on the wall and tore it down. He ripped the sky into shreds and decapitated the pilot. The smile was torn in half and the ship dropped from above. Only a single blue corner was still clinging to the wall. He threw the rest of the scraps into a waste bin and then hurled that onto his bed. He could hear his parents walking in the hallway so he opened his window and jumped out onto the ground. The shards of poster on his sheets rose up from the breeze and danced about his room. The crippled eye of the pilot floated outside and landed into the snow just beside his foot. He ran until his legs were numb and he started sneezing from the cold. Once he came to a halt, he was near the frozen lakeside under a dark sky. The stars seemed dimmer that night and the moon was hidden behind smoky clouds. All he could do was sit down near one of the trees and begin to weep. From the silence there was a voice. It felt ominous, but it spoke with sympathy. Ren looked up to the voice – recognizing it. He wiped away at his damp eyes swiftly as if the voice would judge. “There is great potential in you, Ben. Don’t let your parents foolish words make you think otherwise.” The boy couldn’t find it in him to answer the voice. His lungs were coated in mucus and his words arrived in cracks. “I can see that you fear becoming like Vader,” said the voice, “but if anything you should aspire to surpass him. He sought to put order into chaos, but now they tell the story in a twisted manner so your family and the rest of the Resistance can feel esteemed. Do you not remember all of the stories I told you?” “I remember them.” “So why do you still reject him?” Ben’s lips quivered and more tears streamed down his cheeks. He tried to swallow it all, but he started coughing and gasping. “I see.” said the voice, “You don’t want to disappoint them, but I’m afraid you already have. You heard the words they said. They want to send you away, keep you as the perfect little prince they’ve molded you to be. That’s the son they love. They don’t want to see the real Ben.” “They do love me.” “Anakin assumed the people in his life loved him too, but they didn’t understand him. They watched him burn alive without raising a finger to help and his wife kept his children hidden from him until they were already grown and brainwashed to despise him. His own daughter wouldn’t bare the sight of him because it was known that he was stronger and people fear that. They live in terror of those who can bring change because they’d rather watch the world rot and descend into disarray than to admit their own failings. “However, on the dark side,” the voice said, “We accept the ugliness of the world, we aren’t blind to it. This is why we can bring order. Those in the light choose to live blissfully ignorant lives and discard the darkness. Then when someone comes who challenges those ideals, they eradicate them so they may continue living happily in a lie rather than handling reality. Do you want that?” “No. But Snoke…” “You have the opportunity to continue what your grandfather could not finish. Perhaps even accomplish the mission far better than he ever could. You would be praised and respected all across the galaxy. Would you like that?” “Yes.” “Then let me help you.” “If I could show the good this plan could bring, would my parents be proud of me? If I could show them?” There was a hesitation in the voice. Snow began to trickle down gently on the swollen eyed boy. At last Snoke said, “Of course they would.” Ben smiled at this. The snow evaporated into the air and the lake sank deep into the soil. The night still breathed, but the land felt more vast and lonesome. The boy stood in the center of it all, but with a few more years added to his features. He held the saber in his hand which smoldered in the evening light and above the still bodies at his feet. There was pride in the way he stood, but his knees were trembling. Rey could hear his thoughts and his cries. He knew the names of each of the fallen. He whispered them in his mind. The voice inside him applauded his deed. He told Ben he was so proud, but Ben was on the verge of screaming and putting the saber through his own heart. For a moment she could see directly into his mind. She saw the chaos and the misery colliding and ripping apart his memories. They covered everything in a grey ink, wrecked the happier thoughts he so desperately clung to, twisted every choice he’d ever made. They thrashed back and forth on the weight of what he’d just done. They shrieked at him, condemned him. More voices joined in until he was suffocating in an endless sea of madness. On the surface he stood strong because he feared what would happen if he didn’t. But under the mask he wept. And then he ran. When the vision faded she was back on the blinking hilltop above the sea. Ren stared up at her with red eyes and a young face. He released her hand and wiped away any stray tears still clinging on. “Grandfather,” he said, “Did I make you proud?” There was a voice inside Rey. She felt it call out to her at times, but it was never clear and it was rarely noticeable. It was an echo that gave her memories and guided her. It was a silent guardian angel. Sometimes it was strong and alive, but other times it only watched. On this night she searched for it to give her guidance, but sometimes it was only an echo. But still she could feel the presence of someone there – a phantom. He smiled sorrowfully at her, apologetic for the misfortunes he’d cost her and the memories she’d see. It was unfortunate, he thought, that she had to share a soul with him. It wasn’t quite fair that someone as kind and caring as her should live with the knowledge of all the horrible deeds done in a past life. But he was glad that it was Rey. He was thankful that he could be her because she was everything he had the potential to be and couldn’t. She was beginning to understand him and to acknowledge him. To accept that this echo which had always been with her was another version of herself from another time. A time where she fell blind to the hope in her life. But she was also Rey. She was herself. And as she glimpsed down at the pitiful boy in a man’s body, she could not answer him. Chapter 2 : Live and Let Die Summary: I decided to turn this work into an anthology series where each chapter follows a different character. This one is about Kylo Ren and what happened immediately after his battle with Ren while he was lying in the snow. Hope you enjoy! The first time he fell to the darkness – forcefully and permanently – was the day his father’s soul released itself from the shell. This was not a simple tumble into the shadows, but a push where every limb was bound and there to be played with by someone more intelligent than him. At the time he had listened to the voice with admiration. If only he could be so strong willed with the ability to make the universe collapse beneath him with one gesture. He desired nothing more than to be that voice. The glory on the other end was tempting and remarkable from a distance and he craved it. One sip and he was flung from one atmosphere into another. And now as he lay in the snow he wondered if this darkness was worth the bitter taste. The environment around him was frigid and gray. Snow was speckled with blood – all from him it seemed – and the trees seemed to grow into colossal beasts the more he stared up at them. He had walked through this forest before, but now those memories seemed like nothing more than a fragile dream. Something he’d forget the moment he awoke. The first time he walked through the woods he was blissful and filled with hope. The trees reminded him of his home and of better times spent with his family. All moments before the sky fell and he was cast into the oddity of solitude. Then again, he was the one to choose it he supposed. He had chosen each route that had lead him into this dead end and the world was growing thin with people he could blame. When he was a child his father told him stories about flying and he began to dream about living in the sky. It seemed like such a liberating place to call home and the word “pilot” sprung in his mind and lingered for quite some years. His uncle had even found him an old recruitment poster that he hung happily in his room. He’d look at it until his eyes grew weary and he fell into slumber. But even then, he’d keep gazing up at the smiling man with his thumb in the air and the ship cruising behind his head. He wanted to be the one in the ship and venture off. He had heard tale after tale of his parent’s youth and wanted to live in their past for just one day – to have his own adventures and return a hero. Medal and all. Who knew where the poster was now? The last he had seen it, it had been torn by his own hands. Of course it had been his hands because every gift given to him eventually broke apart by no one else other than himself. He didn’t know how to handle good things in life, not after the voice began whispering in his ear. He detested this voice and wished it would leave. In the silence of the woods he couldn’t hear it and he was glad, but he always seemed to be awaiting it. It knew just when he was growing weak and it found a way to plunge him back into the darkness. Light was disgusting to the voice and if it saw just a smidgen of starlight glistening inside Kylo’s mind it would rip it away and remind him why the world was wicked – why he should be wicked. Wicked didn’t mean he was a bad person. Being on the dark side didn’t mean he was evil. Those on the side of Sith were strong, independent, and in control of their fate. Those who aligned themselves with the light were idiotic, undependable, and fragile. They didn’t understand the benefits of such power. But in this moment, and every other moment of his life it seemed, he wasn’t quite sure what the benefits were either. He thought of his father and the worlds collapsing inside his gaze before his demise. The world had gone dark and then red before it fell apart. His father had reached out and Kylo so terribly wanted to reach back, to grab his hand and pull him back into the world of the living, but the voice was screeching into his ear on that bridge. It despised the guilt and the misery swelling in Kylo’s gut. More than anything, it despised the man with the saber through his skin. He thought back to the last words he said to his father. He had meant them and he was terrified of what was going to happen. The voice had slithered itself into his ear and had made a nest there. It was cooing to him so delicately and sweetly as Kylo begged for the help he so awfully required. “He doesn’t love you.” said the voice. Ignore it. Focus. Plead. “He doesn’t see your potential.” It swirled and swam further up his ear, drawing blood. It crept into the back of his mind and stationed itself there – thin claws sewing themselves into his skull. “Trusting him will end in your death. Do you truly yearn for that fate?” No, he didn’t. The thought of death waded through his thoughts and he came to the conclusion that he’d rather have others gone than to be gone himself. Although seeing his father’s expression – the pitiful helplessness of it all – he wondered if the voice was truthful. His father couldn’t kill him because he loved him. Despite every dreadful deed he had ever done, his father had still traveled this far to bring him home. His presence couldn’t be an ending. The voice heard this concern and retorted, “He wants you to be the son he always wanted, not the person you’ve become. He wants you to be him. He cares little for Kylo Ren.” Maybe this was true. No, it was true. The voice was right, it was always right. Why should he lose faith in it now? “He’ll never allow you to grow. If you let him live, he won’t stop trying to drag you back to the same place you were before. He’s restricting your potential. Your happiness.” Was he? This question triggered hollering from the voice. It began to roar through Kylo’s skull until the world inside his mind was unsteady and on the verge of crippling. It brought to light every nasty detail of his father. He was a scoundrel. A smuggler. A liar. He wasn’t worth protecting or admiring. He didn’t even have the force – he was unworthy of it. He could never understand the power breathing inside his son. They could never have that bond and whatever they might have had long ago was permanently undone. He must die. The rest was a haze to him now, but in that moment the world went black. Not a simple darkness, but something much richer and lonesome. It was a darkness he felt as a child when the lights were shut off and he was alone in his room wondering if beasts lingered beneath his bed. In those lost hours he was vulnerable and waiting for the inevitable. Never waiting for the sun to once again appear, but for what would happen once the beasts unleashed themselves into his room. He waited for them to harm him or give him a good scare. And each night he knew it would eventually happen. The sun was never on his mind. He never reminded himself of the promise of sunlight once the dawn arrived. No, he was alone and terrified and waiting for what came at the price of darkness. It was the same darkness now – one without the reminder of light. The sky had fallen and dragged each star and moon with it as it burned into the soil. There was no longer any beauty within it. No strange magic glistening within the night sky. It was dense, solemn, and quiet. The monsters waiting behind the starlight were liberated and could walk freely now and do harm to him and he awaited this. The moment he saw his father fall was when he realized the first beast had arrived. And now he sat alone watching the sky plummet a second time. In the distance he could see his world – a place he’d grown fond enough to consider a home – crashing into itself and burning without hope of rescue. Fragments of his childhood had been reflected in this place – things that had reminded him of better days and now they all burned as he lay in the snow. Now he would burn as well. When the darkness comes there is little mercy. It arrives with the stubborn intention of remaining and it had laid itself to rest in Kylo’s soul. He felt it grab a hold of his bones and rattle them and sew itself into his veins. When it was done remodeling this new home, it seemed to cradle Kylo’s head as if to tell him that his actions would result in something good. Soon all the misery in him would be rung out and he’d find peace. Of course, it was difficult to achieve peace when the world was literally disintegrating in front of him. The sight was dreadfully gorgeous. It was as though the sun were emerging from over the hills and bringing him that light he thought would never come. It brought along a new day and the trees bowed to this emerging power. The snow wept in its presence until the grass peaked up and then the grass crippled at such glory. Kylo awaited its judgment on him. His skin stung and his own blood swept itself across his cheeks. He thought of the people he’d see on the other side of the sunrise. Would they welcome him into this new paradise? Would they kill an already dead soul? Perhaps he wouldn’t see them all and he’d fall into an even darker pit where he could never rise. Always falling it seemed. Further and further. And no one would be here to lend him a hand. The voice had grown soft. He closed his eyes and he waited for the inevitable. But the inevitable would have to be put on hold while someone hollered his name across the woods. The voice was real and raw, not like the one that had been dripping into his thoughts since he was young. This one called with annoyance, but it also sounded desperate and fearful. Kylo lifted his head to listen better, but he was growing weary. The one calling to him had arrived at the side of his head and pulled him up from the snow. His eyelids were growing heavier with the passage of time, but he could see that this stranger was Hux. “Can you walk?” Hux asked. Kylo pondered this for a moment, but he couldn’t answer. Hux stared straight into the sun and realized their time was dwindling. He held Kylo as well as he could and trudged across the grounds until they were at a ship. It was already running and the moment the door closed behind them they were flying. Hux tried to bring him to a cot, but Kylo refused to move any further. “No, let me see.” “See what?” asked Hux. “I need to see.” He pointed to the window and Hux reluctantly dragged him there. Kylo sat near it to rest his breaking body and gazed out onto the world he’d begun to call home. The world he admired because it was a piece of him. It was a symbol of his glory and now it was falling into ash. He needed to see that his world was no more. This was another beast crawling out from under the bed. It was long past due and he needed to accept its presence. “Are you going to be alright?” asked Hux. “I’m not sure.” Hux leaned his back against the window and admired the view as well while it was left in the depths of the galaxy. “So what happened back there?” Kylo’s hands were quivering. He thought about busting open the window and letting the sharp air consume them all. He didn’t want to be here on this ship, it was pointless. “Where’s my lightsaber?” he asked. “Dammit, I didn’t pick it up.” “What do you mean you didn’t pick it up? That was my only weapon.” Hux hardly moved from his relaxed position. His eyes were strangely serene and he folded his arms to ponder this new information. “My orders were to come and retrieve you. I wasn’t thinking about the saber.” “So everything is gone. All of it.” “We can make you a new one later, but we only had a few minutes left and I wasn’t about to risk my neck further to pick up all your things.” The rage was rising in his gut and trickling out. He took his fist and smashed it into the wall and when the wall didn’t crack, he repeated the action. He began banging his fist into the rough metal until his knuckles started to bleed. “I wish you had.” said Kylo. Hux merely watched and waited for the tantrum to end, but it didn’t. Kylo continued punching the ship with little regard to the weightlessness of his skull. How much blood had he lost in the past hour? It didn’t matter because it wasn’t enough. He needed to feel more agony. This was his punishment and he hadn’t yet paid the price. Hux was beginning to see the light fade from his eyes. He grabbed Kylo’s wrist so he’d quit this nonsense, but Kylo pushed him aside. The next hit was the hardest. He drew his arm back slowly and then threw it into the window as if he could destroy it. His entire limb quivered from the collision and the bones of his hand fell apart. More blood fell from the crippled flab of skin and the world was growing dimmer. At last his body gave into sheer exhaustion and he collapsed onto the floor. The voice returned to him in his dreams. It seemed as though it was waiting behind the curtains to see if he’d make it through and once the fate of Kylo was evident, it stepped happily back onto the stage. For now it played on his unconscious mind because he’d be sleeping for a while and the voice wasn’t fond of wasting time. In this dream Kylo was at a campfire with familiar faces. They were joyous and sang together. Some danced and others drank merrily and selfishly. They were in the midst of a celebration, but the focus of it was lost on him. Either way, it was easy to slip into the euphoria of the moment. He could see his mother off to the side speaking with his uncle. She seemed at peace with herself and she was smiling. It had been a while since he’d seen her genuinely content. And behind him was the girl with her friend and the piolet. They were laughing over something trivial and sharing stories. Their eyes were bright and they appeared carefree. It had been a while since he’d seen people with so few worries as well. He started to realize that it had been a while since he’d seen quite a few joyful sights. He also came to the realization that no one was acknowledging his presence. He was a ghost among them – a silent watcher. Not a single glance came his way and he wondered if this was the life of the dead. During this revelation, the voice arrived at his side. “Enjoying yourself?” it asked. “What’s happening?” “This is a world where you couldn’t complete your destiny and the Jedi won.” “But everyone looks so happy here.” The voice sighed in his ear. “They’re only happy because you’re dead.” “But I don’t want to be dead.” He turned back to the sight of his mother. “Why is she smiling?” “Are you daft enough to assume to she loved you?” His legs grew weak at the idea. He allowed one more glance her way and again he was struck by how serene she appeared. Her stance was more relaxed, her eyes slightly broader, and her voice a little softer. The universe had bent to her will it seemed and though her family was gone, she wasn’t distraught. She was free. Of what, he wasn’t sure, but he wondered if a bit of that happiness existed because he no longer did. “She wouldn’t do that to me.” Kylo said. “Do what?” “She wouldn’t,” his voice fell in and out of translation, “She wouldn’t be smiling like that.” “Why wouldn’t she? She won, her and all the other filthy Jedi. She’s too ignorant to understand the extent of her loss and so she calls it glory.” Kylo wondered if his mother did claim his failings as her victory. The Leia he grew up with didn’t fit into that tall tale, but then again no one ever matched up with the characters in the voice’s stories. The voice constructed masks out of real people, but the thing about masks is that they have to draw inspiration from somewhere. Behind every façade, there’s a sliver of reality. He averted his attention before he did something reckless. Instead, he focused his eyes on the campfire where his own mask lay in the ashes. The face had melted down and the eyes grew thin and disjointed. It was hardly recognizable in the flames, but it was still his. Still a part of him. Although, he was beginning to wonder just how much of his own reality rested inside that mask. After all, he was not the designer – the voice was. The voice had drawn an aesthetic from Kylo’s earliest memories. It looked at his family and the stories told of his grandfather. Some heroic and others tragic. Either way, Kylo had always harbored a sense of admiration for the fallen Skywalker and the voice took notice. “Imagine the victories you could have with his ghost at your side.” It had said and Kylo had listened. What a beautiful thing it would be to walk the same path, but come out stronger than his predecessor. How glorious his life would become once he achieved what his grandfather couldn’t. The mask symbolized power, strength, and respect. Three things that the voice had convinced Kylo he was deprived of and Kylo believed this was true. “With this title you could be reborn.” said the voice. He was intrigued. “You could rise further than he ever could. Live among the stars and the gods.” He was wishful. “Your family would be so proud.” He was selfish. The temptation of such a desirable notion wasn’t a possibility, but a reality. One, true reality and Kylo became alive in that environment. And now those promises were dying quite delicately among a sticky campfire while people scoffed and cheered his demise. He needed to break something quickly, but it was difficult to cause harm when one becomes a ghost. “Is this the only outcome?” asked Kylo. “No, this is but one. However, it is becoming more and more likely with how you’ve been handling matters.” said the voice. “I can do better.” “Can you?” The conversation was cut short due to a hand grabbing onto his shoulder. His back jolted at the sudden touch. Although he knew who was waiting for him, he still wished that he face on the other side didn’t belong to his father. Solo smiled kindly at him though Kylo was still shivering. His father was different in this reality. He was younger, stronger, and free of all stab related wounds. No one else at the celebration paid any mind to him. He was an echo in the forest much like his son in this situation. Both stepping cautiously from behind a glass wall. All Kylo could do was state what was already evident, “You’re dead.” “And so are you.” Kylo waited for the voice to guide him, but it seemed better suited with just watching the scene play out. The voice never denied a good show. “Not yet.” Kylo said. “Son, look around you. You could be a part of this if you’d just go home.” “You mean Ben’s home? That’s not who I am anymore. He’s the one who should be dead right now.” Solo sighed and took another glance around the campgrounds. His eyes caught Leia and lingered there for a moment. “No, he’s not. You’re just having too much fun playing dress up.” Kylo felt something twist in his gut. He gripped his father’s arm and pulled him in closer though Solo hardly noticed the gesture. His attention remained elsewhere and once you’re dead, idle threats aren’t so threating. For Kylo, there were a thousand words scattering through his head, each one attempting to sliver through lips first. It dawned on him just how many years had passed since he saw his father last – since he could speak to him. On the bridge he looked much older and wearier – a victim of time and possibly one of misery as well. Kylo had too many thoughts to convey then, but the moment on the bridge was brief and it had to be. If it had been any longer he would have go home “He was always right about you.” Kylo said. “Who?” asked Solo, “Snoke? The one telling you that murdering your friends is a good plan?” “You wouldn’t understand, you don’t have the same abilities that I do. There’s a responsibility with it.” Solo pried his eyes away from Leia long enough to glance over at his son. Kylo could feel the swollenness of his eyes and they stung. He took a heavy breath to pull back any tears, but his nose and chin were already damp. For how long had he been openly weeping? “What? You mean the force? I know how it goes.” “You couldn’t because you don’t have it. You aren’t special like mother or me.” Solo’s expression grew stern and he tore his son’s arm away. “Your mother denied that thing for years because she saw what it did to people first hand. She didn’t want to end up like your grandfather.” “He was misunderstood.” “He was a lunatic.” There was a long moment where all they could do was stare at one another. The rest of the world played on without them. Melodies from the campfire rose and buzzed in their ears though it was all so distant. Not much different than being under water and listening to life on the shore roll on. The sky, the sun, and everything in between existed within a haze. All anyone could do to return was to break that thin line where the surface met the depth. Sometimes this task was easier said than done. “You’re envious of it.” said Kylo, “Because you’re nothing more than a useless piolet. One who can’t even keep track of his own damn ship.” “And you’re better because you play make believe all day?” Kylo’s hands quivered and he began searching for his saber though he knew it wasn’t there. Still, his head thrashed from side to side in hopes that it might appear and he could slash off Solo’s tongue. “I’m not playing pretend. This is all me.” he said. “Ben, look at yourself. Look at that ridiculous mask burning up over there. You’re just trying to repeat what’s already been done. If you were going to change yourself, you could have been a little more original.” “You’re just a bitter old man and I’m glad you’re dead.” With those words, Kylo reached down into the fire and tried to pick up his mask. The world paid no mind to the object suddenly lifting so he could hold it in his hands. The face was severely distorted now and it was hardly worth salvaging. Still, he cradled it close to his gut in hopes that it might be remade. Solo kept his distance, but his eyes clung to the back of Kylo’s shoulders. The voice decided now was a better time than any to reenter the scene. It hissed through the crackling fire. “Is this the fate you wish?” it asked. “No.” “The land of ghosts is for those who are weak. Those who can’t move on even after death. If you wish to gain anything before the afterlife, you’ll come with me and we can complete your training. Are you ready to depart?” He turned and took one last glance at Solo. He knew this wasn’t his father and this whole moment in time was a façade. Nothing here was real, not even the grotesque face resting in his arms. But the voice, now that was real. It seemed as though it was the only thing that was ever real. Solo seemed distraught at the thoughts swirling around in Kylo’s features, but the concern was all a farce. This wasn’t his father. If it were, he wouldn’t give a care at all. That’s why he died – because he didn’t matter. He wasn’t special or understanding or even kind. He was nothing. But Kylo could be something. The mask was cool in his hands – no sign other than the distortion that it had been sitting in ash and sparks. He stared into the fallen eyes of the skull and after a moment he placed the gruesome piece onto his scalp. The world looked quite different from collapsed eyes. People were smaller and the environment thinner. Darkness encompassed most of his vision, but there were spotlights where objects and living creatures stood. Only one at a time though and for now he only saw Solo. This wasn’t his father, but the realization was somehow disappointing to him. The world continued to smolder behind him with sharp crackling from the fire and smoke rising from behind. Sparks blinked on either side of him and the woods seemed to call out to him. The party was slowing down and altering. The voices grew dense and raw. The faces stretched and melded with the hazy sky. Kylo’s breath was running thin inside the mask. He felt the voice’s presence nearby and with a tilt of his head and saw Snoke standing in the next spotlight – waiting. “It’s time,” he said, “Shall we?” Chapter 3 : Goodbye Stranger Summary: This takes place a few days after TFA ends. Leia is sitting at home thinking about the day Han left and cue flashback! She never realized how empty the house felt until the morning sunlight trickled into the halls. The light graced every crack in the walls and tear in the carpets. It captivated the markings by the kitchen doorway where she used to measure her son. The numbers had come to a halt around the time he was eleven and the writing was growing duller. The light also revealed the space in her cupboards since they were now occupied with meals for one. It shed itself on the fewer blankets and pillows on her bed. The two pillows which had sat at the head were now molded into one sitting directly in the middle. She still found herself sleeping slightly to the left though. She remembered the day her husband left with him rising before the birds did even though it wasn’t like him. The sky was still powdered in shadows because he chose to leave when time felt steady as if it could sit for an hour and catch its breath. It was one of those hours where morning pretended to be night because none of the daylight creatures had yet awakened. However, all of the dusk creatures had fallen asleep and so time felt off. This was an hour which didn’t seem to exist. She heard his body rustle beside her and while she kept her eyes closed, she listened to him. She heard him get dressed, get his shoes, and grab something from his side of the closet. By the jittery movements, it was something that he had apparently kept hidden. Once he had it in his grasp, he stepped out of the room and the front door clicked. This was when she bolted out of bed and followed him out into the front yard. Although the season had been warm, it was brisk out that morning. She pulled her robe tighter around her waist and watched as he moved down the road, heading towards his ship. Leaving her for a hunk of junk, that’s how she figured it would end. Even though she was weary and yearned for the warmth of her covers, she called to him. He heard her voice and stopped, but it took him a moment longer to turn and face her. His hand was balled into fist and holding whatever it was he dug up from the corner of his closet. The rest of him was somewhat balled up as well – his face scrunched up and his posture tighter. He chose pebbles in the dirt for eye contact instead of the girl he loved. “Did you think I wouldn’t notice?” she asked. Briefly, he considered telling a lie. He could say he’d be right back which he thought he might someday. But they both realized what this act was saying. All the prolonged silences, the lengthier hours at work, the screaming which erupted when the silence grew dull. This was act was evident and almost forgiven, but he still wished he could have lied to her and go on his way. If he had learned anything in the past few years it was that bliss was rare and all too fleeting. He should have known better. “I figured you’d still be sleeping.” he said. “I never sleep with you snoring next to me.” He smirked at this and she smiled at his reaction. In retrospect she wondered if that would have been enough - to simply acknowledge each other for what they were. To smile even though they’d been sinking into a sea of melancholy for months. The moment wasn’t unlike sunlight seeping in through clouds during a rather dreary week. The sudden light appeared with optimism, but it always retreated into the overcast sky too quickly. The temperature dropped and one person would be left alone to watch in the dark. That smirk was their promise of sunlight, but it was waning. A thousand words brushed across her mind, but none of them made it to her lips. She could ask him the obvious questions: why are you leaving? Why wasn’t I good enough for you to stay? Is this because of our son? Because of my brother? Because of me? But truth be told, she knew the answer to each of those questions and she wasn’t in the mood to hear them aloud. Instead she only asked, “When are you coming back?” The smirk was swept away with the oncoming breeze. “Do you want an honest answer?” “No, but I’ll take it.” He hunched his shoulders and made his way towards her. She always seemed so small to him when she was up close. It seemed impossible that someone like her could appear so little. Her voice and soul could out shine anything – they certainly eclipsed him. He rested his hands on her shoulder and let them slide down onto her arms. He could feel the jitters beneath her skin though her eyes were strong and steady. She kept them locked onto his and for a moment he wondered if he should stay. He already knew he was making a mistake, but the urge to flee could make any mistake seem logical. “I just need some time to think.” he said. “And you can’t think with me around?” “I can’t think with anyone around.” She grabbed his arm to toss it off, but she couldn’t commit to the action. Instead she let her fingers linger over his sleeve to take in the feel of his clothes and the movement of his muscles underneath. They shuttered at her fingertips. “Is that really the excuse you want to go with?” she asked. “No, but it’s the one I’ll take.” Her mind was demanding that she release him so she could holler and start a brawl right here, but she couldn’t seem to obey. Instead her arms found the line of his jaw and ventured into his hair. Stands of the rusty brown were turning silver and those pieces shimmered in the indigo morning light. He responded to her movement by wrapping his arms around her waist, but he couldn’t bring it in him to shift her any closer. If he did, he might not be able to undo the entanglement and the ship was already humming nearby. It was waiting for him to climb aboard and see the stars. Keep flying until his guilt was nothing but a bad dream. She leaned her forehead against his and listened to the unsteady breathing slipping through his lips. “If you leave now, you won’t be here when he comes home.” she said. “Leia, it’s been almost a year.” “ He could be back any day and he’ll want to see you. But he can’t if you’re off on that piece of garbage flying around who knows where.” He lightly took her wrist and lowered it from his cheek. “It’s not like you’ve exactly been here either. You ran away long before I did.” “I’m not the one sneaking away in the middle of the night like some child.” At last he released himself from her grasp and stepped away. Her shoulders were trembling now with a steady course of rage rising inside her and streaming through her veins. He could feel his own bones begin to rattle inside as his temper broke through its bondage. “Oh come on, you spend most of your time on the job and never come home until you need to sleep. And then once its morning you’re off again with hardly a goodbye. This is the longest conversation we’ve had in three months.” “I have an important job.” “Yes, I know, but you never used to live there. You still made time for me and Ben.” With that last word, her eyes shifted into an early frost. Han’s own gaze had to find anything else to focus on other than her and he could feel a rush of blood to his heart grow with some sort of urgency. Neither of them had voiced that name for some time. After the incident their son was only referred to as he . He had left them. He might come home. He sent her brother into exile. He murdered innocent children his own age – his own friends. He was a tragedy. A monster. A mistake. A target. He was no longer Ben, but they both yearned to have that son come home. “Well, Ben isn’t here anymore.” Leia said. “Yeah, well I was.” “And now you’re not!” The familiar sound of silence followed in the trail left by her voice. Only this time it was accompanied by the rough beating of hearts against chilled skin. “Just go.” Leia said. Han obeyed her order and turned towards his ship. The sun could be seen a few miles off, slipping in through cracks in the trees. He gritted his teeth because flying into the sunrise was what he was avoiding – too much glare during the lift off. After about two steps he said, “Like you were going to miss me anyway.” She took a step forward herself with the words, “I miss the life I had before I met you!” “Well too bad princess because you married me. By your own free will might I add.” “I should have married the Wookie.” “And I shouldn’t have married a smart ass.” Normally the banter would have granted one or two sneers, but her chest felt as though it was collapsing into the rest of her skeleton. She grabbed a rock from the ground and moved with it until the ship was at a close enough distance for her to hit. The rock ricocheted off the Falcon and flew into Han’s leg. He swore at the sharp and sudden pain which shook his limb. He kicked the rock away with his good leg and turned back to Leia who was eagerly waiting for some feedback. “Ben got his temper from you, you know.” Han said. “He got everything from you, all that Vader in him came from you.” A raw flame flickered behind her stare. He watched as she balled her hands into fists and strained the skin until the knuckles grew pale. The early morning air chilled the skin on her nose as she stood there without a voice. She could hear the crackling of leaves above them and the hollow echo of a dying breeze. Perhaps she should have stayed in bed. “I just need to get of here.” said Han. “If you leave now you can’t come back,” said Leia, “I don’t care if you get homesick or find yourself missing me, but you can’t come back. If you’re too weak to stay then I don’t want you here.” “Then I’m gone.” He jaw trembled with those last words and he blinked a little harshly. He’d been crying quite a bit since Ben left – just soft, silent whimpering as the night stretched on. He used to sniffle next to her in bed and blame it on a cold, but eventually he would start getting up and finding an empty room. And now he was turning his head so she wouldn’t be able to see the reddening in his cheeks or the dampness of his eyes. He thought he could hide himself so well, but he often forgot how much he had exposed to her. He had willingly given her every part of him, but he hadn’t realized this because it had all felt natural. Letting her see him for who he was had never seemed like a sacrifice of his own privacy. He let her see him without any effort simply because he trusted her. He still did, but his gut was pulling him to the Falcon and the open skies. The sun lazily stretched over the trees, the birds awoke, and the Falcon was raised from the dead. She pretended to walk away from the sight, but she didn’t get far. After a few steps she turned and watched as the old ship picked itself back up for one last extended adventure. In the past she’d told him that she never wanted to see that ugly mug again, but the words were said with the knowledge that he wouldn’t be gone long. The truth was, she wanted to see that ugly mug again and after a day or two it would be waiting at her doorstep. She had always felt his presence near her and something would always tell her that he was alright and that he would come home. Only now that little echo of reassurance had vanished and she couldn’t seem to place it. All she could do was watch. Later she’d go home and get dressed for work and she’d do her job. Because she was far too busy to waste any time sulking in her room. Although, she would have liked too just for a moment. And now years had passed since the day he left and only a few days had come and gone since he’d left a second time. She still recalled the scent of his jacket, the feeling of his fingers laced in her hair. Now it was all such a distant memory. She made herself a warm drink and sat near one of the windows. The sunlight seeped inside and settled on the side of her cheek just as her weary eyes closed for just a moment. Her hair was undone and fell over her shoulders in waves and she’d yet to dress for the day ahead. She always seemed to wake up much earlier than needed despite falling asleep late into the night. Funny how something as natural as sleep could be so impossible. But it was nice where she was. She had chosen to live further away from the clutter of people so that she could come home for the night and breathe. It was comforting having time to think with the buzzing of voices everywhere. Perhaps her brother had the right idea about seeking out solitude. For now she tried to enjoy this moment of peace, but something suddenly tugged her stomach. She kept her eyes closed and gripped the handle of her mug a little tighter. Not long after there was a light knock at the door and she finally lifted her eyes. The march to the door was a slow and timid one. There was a feeling inside her that wrapped itself over each of her bones and sank into her veins. It grew stronger and lowered her body temperature until she was shaking from an unknown coldness.Once she touched the knob of the door, she thought she’d turn to ice and shatter before opening it. She hovered on the knob and there was one more fragile knock. The sound rang loudly her ear despite how soft it actually was. The person on the other side was a lanky man who ran a hand through his dark curls. His figure seemed to tower over her and he was dressed entirely in black. She didn’t recognize the face – this was all new to her. But the eyes sparked a reminder despite being surrounded by a stronger jaw line, a wearier expression, and specks of stubble across his chin. “I’m home.” said Ben. Chapter 4 : Sweet Child o' Mine Summary: Not long after the events of Return of the Jedi, Leia has a late night chat with an old family member. P.S. I promise these stories will eventually link back to the rebirth idea. Not long after she arrived home, Leia would dream she was standing in a vast ocean. Land was a myth in this dream and the world seemed to have abandoned her. A feeling in her gut told her that this sea used to be a city which fell from the clouds. As she glanced up at the sky she could catch glimpses of the shrapnel lingering in the atmosphere without purpose. The rest of the scenery and its people rested beneath the turquoise waters and there they would remain. Eventually the salt water would devour them until they were husks sinking deeper into the damp sand. In these dreams she’d often see visions of her mother standing on the other side of the sea. She was young with a kind face all dressed in yellow. A grassy field surrounded her as she laughed next to a handsome boy. Everything about the vision was bright – the sun, her smile, her eyes. This was Leia’s favorite and it had often brought her great comfort when she was younger. However there was always some sort of misery gathering in her mother’s expression. As Leia grew older the visons became grim and she saw her mother openly weeping on top of a grand balcony. Leia would call to her, but she never noticed her daughter on the other side. Leia’s mother appeared more as a hologram which was recorded when no one was looking. Sometimes the technology would fizzle out due to age, but it never disappeared completely. On one particular night she had a vision where her mother was someplace dark. Lava trickled across the ground behind her like puddles after a light rain. She was speaking with someone, but her voice cracked and she began to choke. The hologram panned so that her mother’s back was to Leia. On the other side was the man from the field with his hand stretched into the air. At first Leia thought he might be there to catch her mother, but the twisting of his face wasn’t from fear or despair – it was anger. Leia screamed at the man and started to run towards the hologram, but the water was heavy and entangled itself among her legs. She felt herself falling into the waves and her feet sunk into the shallow sand. Still, she crawled toward the moving image with her voice straining to be heard above gargling water and screeching sea birds. But before she could reach them the scene was done and for the first time the hologram flickered out. The breeze whistled, but the sound was distorted. Her ears were clogged from the water swishing around inside them and refused to pop. She remained in the water for what felt like hours as her heart beat wildly against her bones. Soon the air became chilled and she felt someone stepping from behind. The mysterious being moved across the deeper waters as if it were on a dirt path. She was able to stand and face the stranger in the sea. When she did so the same man from the hologram was waiting, ankle deep in the ocean. He wore the same expression he did in the vision, but up close she could see how weary he was. Though he was quite young, lines had been carved into his forehead and grey skin formed puddles under his eyes. The more her own eyes lingered, the more she saw herself mirrored in him. She felt tears hit her chin before she even noticed she was crying. Her voice slipped out rushed and broken, “Anakin.” His jaw clenched at the name before he raised his hand. For a moment he hesitated, but soon the air grew thin and his eyes narrowed. He was not the same boy laughing in a field where the sun was bright and the world felt incredibly yellow. He was the beast she encountered not long ago. He was the one who turned her home to ash and watched it sprinkle across the stars. She gritted her teeth and moved towards him with purpose. Her hands balled into fists as she prepared herself for the first strike. She pictured his throat twisting until his lungs were dead and his eyes bulged. For a moment she saw him grip his neck as if this was the case, but the sudden agony caused his eyes to flare. “Foolish girl.” he said. Suddenly the pain was shifted onto her. All of her breath rushed out in one spurt and she cradled her throat. Her body fell into the sea where water crept into her nostrils, eyes, and ears. It sunk into mouth and trickled down her throat all the while he watched as her life flickered out. Leia awoke with sweat clinging to her pores. Han rested peacefully beside her without a care in the world. She watched the frame of his back lift itself up and down gracefully with each breath. This calmed her down enough until she could stand and step outside. After a bad dream she always felt suffocated, but the fresh air was a nice medication. She enjoyed life among the trees because it felt safe. It was nice to have something to shelter her and remind her of peaceful memories. The trees often made her think of nights by a campfire where she could look out and see thousands of stars glistening against a simple darkness. She stepped away from the house until she came across a bare batch of land and rested. Her back sank into the cool grass and the warm air tickled her skin. There weren’t as many stars out this night as there had been in the past, but they held the same beauty. At least out here she was allowed a moment of thoughtlessness. Only she was not alone and it didn’t take long for the atmosphere to collapse into coldness. The leaves rustled nearby and the familiar sound of shoes against dirt sounded off in the shadows. When she glanced to the side she saw the stranger in the sea with his shaggy blonde hair and mythological eyes. Only this version of him seemed less angry and a little wearier. Anakin watched her cautiously. “I know who you are.” Leia said. “You don’t have to hide.” The ghost stepped forward and leaned against a nearby tree. His lips parted to speak, but only silence followed. All of his attention quickly shifted to the grass. “Did you sense my dreams?” she asked. “Yes.” She focused on the dripping leaves above her and her voice grew soft. “So tell me then, are they real?” “Parts of them.” “Which ones?” Anakin followed her gaze and they both watched as one leaf after the next skated toward the grass. He took his time thinking of an answer to give her and during the wait neither bothered to look at the other. The leaves were enough for now. “I’m not a good man.” he said, “And your dreams reflect that. Those are the honest parts.” “And the girl. She was your wife and you killed her.” “I didn’t kill her.” Leia found herself pulling out random blades of grass. She took a handful, yanked them from the dirt, and then flicked the pieces away. “You hurt her and she died. Why should the technicalities matter?” “Leia.” “Please don’t use my name.” She sat up and dusted the grass from hair. It took her until now to realize just how tired she was. Home was sometimes the worst place to find a good night’s sleep. She could see Anakin take a timid step forward and she glared at him through the shadows. He quickly moved back to his post at the tree and rubbed his arms. “I know Luke forgave you, but you can’t expect me to do the same.” Leia said, “I can’t.” “Because of what I did to Padme?” “Yes and because of what you did to me and everyone else I cared for.” “Princess Organa,” “I’m not a princess anymore.” He seemed to study her for a moment. She was growing cold herself and pulled her knees under her chin like a small child would. Only she wasn’t a child anymore. She hadn’t been one for quite some time and all of those earlier memories were on a place which no longer existed. Her past might was nothing more than a ghost story now. She was the only who knew the history and experienced it, but other than her word there was no proof of where she came from or who she was. Princess Leia was a myth much like her father. “Then what am I allowed to call you?” Anakin asked. His words buzzed past her ear and she swiped them away. “Did you know?” she asked. “Back on the Death Star, did you know who I was?” “I knew you were the princess.” “No, I mean who I really was.” For a ghost, he shivered an awful lot. “I sensed it. In the same way you must have sensed Luke was your brother.” “And I still didn’t matter to you? I was just someone to mentally torture?” Anakin leaned his head back and took in the same stars as her. For a while after she found a new home she used to glance up and pretend one of those stars belonged to her and that her family was there – alive and well. Maybe they were thinking of her or smiling at her. Maybe they were wondering when she would come home. “Leia I can’t even begin to apologize, but I,” “I told you not to use my name. You don’t get that privilege because you’re nothing to me and I’m nothing to you.” He continued star gazing. After some hesitation his voice accompanied the white noise between them. “You aren’t nothing to me.” She felt the back of her eyes burn at this and rubbed them on her knees. The fabric scratched against her lids, but she needed to keep her sight clear and her eyes dry. “You’re not my father.” “I am.” “You didn’t hear me. I said you’re not my father.” An early frost swept into her gaze. At last she stood and started to head back towards the house where the ghosts couldn’t follow. Only this one did try to stroll behind her and pleaded as he did so. She was near the back door when stopped to snarl at him. “You were a pain in the ass to me when you alive, please don’t repeat that in death.” she said. His eyes darted to his feet and for a moment he seemed much younger. “Ben and Luke have already forgiven me.” he said, “I know it’s difficult, but I’d like for you to forgive me as well.” “You’re forgetting that I’m not Ben and Luke. But you don’t know me so of course you’d think that.” She pushed the door open a crack and the warmth indoor sizzled out. It tickled her chin and a streak of light fell onto the bridge of her nose. However her hand lingered on the knob and her feet might as well have been rooted to the ground. Anakin had taken a few steps back, but she could see him peering in over his shoulder. He seemed curious about the life she created for herself. Perhaps he wanted to see what sort of trinkets she kept around the house and figure out what was important to her. Maybe he wanted to see Han again so he could approve of her choice in men. Either way, he seemed almost desperate for a chance to understand her, but she’d been having nightmares for far too long and her memories of him weren’t much of a delight either. “I can sense all of the hatred and fear inside you.” said Anakin, “I don’t want you to feel that way. And I regret never having the chance to know my own daughter.” “You took the time to know Luke.” The thought slipped into her voice before she could catch it, but she had little desire to take it back. She could hear Anakin shuffle his feet behind her. “He has the force, I was training him.” “I have it too. You should have sensed that.” “I did, but,” “I wasn’t good enough?” He squinted at the sky and she followed his gaze. The hour was running late and the nocturnal creatures were settling in for their sleep. The world slithered into silence and they seemed to be the only two things still awake. She was so tired of being awake. “You chose a nice place to live.” he said, “Much better than the sandpit I grew up in.” Leia leaned her back against the door and crossed her arms. “I grew up in a beautiful city, but I’m afraid it’s not looking as pretty these days. Well, you were there for the grand finale so you should know.” For a moment she worried that the rise in her voice would wake up Han from inside the house. She could have sworn she heard him mumbling, but maybe her ears were playing tricks on her. For now the world still existed in a prolonged silence aside from the two of them. Her eyes were stinging from lack of sleep, but here she stood. Having a midnight chat with a ghost in the yard and yet she couldn’t bring herself to leave. “I can’t forgive myself for that.” said Anakin, “And I didn’t train you because I was afraid of you. I’d be in danger of losing my own life, but with Luke it’s different. He’s too soft-hearted. At first I thought he’d be easy to manipulate, but I suppose I always knew he’d be the one to save me.” “Sorry I couldn’t perform a rescue mission.” Anakin smiled and shook his head. “Don’t be. You know how to stand up for yourself and do what needs to be done. That’s a good trait to have.” She brushed aside the compliment with a wave of her hand. From the west she could see that light was gradually breaking through the sky. The dark tones were growing paler and twisting into lavenders and soft blues. The stars remained vivid though and wavered amongst the morning clouds, not yet sinking into the rising abyss of sunlight. Anakin looked to her with a smile swelling. “Ben is proud of you.” he said, “And so am I.” A smirk trickled above her chin with no words to follow. Her smile lasted for only a moment and soon it began to sink into its own abyss. Anakin noticed this and mirrored the expression. “And Leia,” Her gaze seared into his skull, but she wasn’t in the mood to scold him one last time before turning in for the night. He only returned the gesture with a sorrowful smile. The morning birds were waking and cawed softly above them as they emerged from the shaggy trees. This sound filled the void between them as Anakin seemed to linger on his last thought. At last he said, “Don’t be so afraid of yourself.” “I’m not.” “You have more power than you know what to do with. Don’t cower from it. You could do great things.” The birds spoke up and fled into the pastel sky. Hundreds of black feather brushed against the sun rising to the west and called out to it as they embraced the morning. She watched them go by with stinging eyes and a musty taste in her mouth. Her bed was calling her where she could be cozy and sheltered beneath linen scented blankets. “I’m not after power.” she said. “It doesn’t mean you’ll abandon the light.” “I know who I am. I don’t need to exercise power to validate myself.” Anakin scratched the back of his head and watched the last of the birds drift away. “I suppose you’re right.” he said, “Just take care of yourself.” She nodded, but words were unlikely to follow. Her body and mind were worn and she was ready for some much needed sleep. She smiled once to the spirit before turning away and entering her home. It was difficult to know if he had left or not considering how light footed ghosts could be, but she hoped wherever he was off to next was a good place. Perhaps he’d pay a visit to Luke or someone else he needed to apologize to. What an afterlife that must be – traveling far and wide just to say you’re sorry. Leia briefly wondered what her atonement might be if she died today. She slipped back beneath her covers where Han slept soundly on the left side. Her face rested beside his and she watched him for a moment. Somehow the sound of his steady breathing comforted her and she laced her fingers through his thick hair. Then she turned over so she could look out the window before drifting off. It was funny how it was much easier to sleep when the sun leaked into the room and drizzled across the floorboards. She found that her soul was more at peace when the sun lifted itself from the ashes of nightfall. All the irritating thoughts clouding her mind faded away with the stars and she was left with a pleasant nothingness. No ill memories or fears to keep her eyes pried open. As she was dozing off, she felt Han’s arm cascade over her followed by a sleepy hug. She smiled to herself at the movement – thankful for the reminder of bliss. The bad dreams and ghostly conversation were now transforming into husks under the morning’s growth. Rest was allowing itself to find her and she gladly welcomed it. At last her sore eyes could close themselves just as the sun flickered across her cheeks. Chapter 5 : Take the Long Way Home Summary: After events in TFA, Leia finds her son standing on her doorstep. Almost every night before Ben left, Leia had awoken to his screaming. It was always the same hour and each time she found him curled up in his bed weeping. Fresh sweat trickled over his brows and onto his sniffling nose. He’d ball himself up in the corner where he’d clutch his pillow over his aching chest. And each night she would sit at his side and rub his back until the sobs died down and he could sleep. She also had nightmares. Often she relived the destruction of her home in these dreams. She could see the rustic reds and rotting oranges of flames wavering in front of her. Each flicker devoured another inch of the ground and took one more soul. Only in these dreams she stood there as this world collapsed around her. She could feel the fire cast itself onto her limbs and caress her. It was delicate and sly, but it stung. It dipped itself into her pours and burned her from within. But in these dreams all she could do was stand there and call out for help. Of course, the help would never arrive because she was alone in this world. The people and family she’d grown up with were skeletons cast into an ashen desert. But her son was there. He appeared older in these dreams, dressed in black, and wearing a mask which resembled that of his late grandfather. His face was hidden from her, but she sensed his presence and all at once could see the horrific acts he’d completed. After this revelation, she could see that this burning place was not her childhood home, but someplace new. A place that was once filled with vibrant greens and sparkling water, but now lay in smoldering ash. This was a fate chosen by her son and now he walked to her with the same lack of mercy. Her body was paralyzed and she stood among the debris as a statue. All she could do was watch as Ben lifted a crimson light saber up into the dying sky. She hollered back to him, but her voice was drowned out by the roaring of fire and breaking of land nearby. Yet, somehow his voice rang clear as day behind that godawful mask as he said, “I waited for rescue and you never came. You abandoned me!” She couldn’t separate her lips to speak so instead she listened to the grass crackle at her feet as it died. “You couldn’t save me.” he said, “And now I’m done with you.” He tossed his saber into the flames and stepped aside to watch the smoke suffocate her. She regained control of her body only to watch it slump forward into the charcoaled grass. Outside of the dream, Ben hollered from the other room because of his own nightmares. It was common for their bad dreams to fall in sync with each other and sometimes she wondered if this was her fault. The thing about her dreams and possibly Ben’s too was that chunks of memory got swept into them. These images they saw were vivid with specks of reality grounded into them. When she came into his room, he was in his usual spot. This time he had a stuffed animal near his heart and wiped his nose on its furry head. He hardly noticed his mother until she sat on the end of his bed. She brushed the shaggy bangs from his forehead and rubbed the back of his head. “It’s okay,” she said, “Everything is okay.” He continued sniffling and sunk his body further down onto the bed until his blanket was at his chin. He shifted his body enough so that he was leaning on Leia’s side and she could wrap her arm around his small shoulders. “There was fire everywhere and I could feel it on my skin. It stung.” said Ben. “Well there’s no fire here. You’re safe as can be.” His bones shivered. “You were there too. I hurt you.” Her eyes broadened and she subconsciously drifted from him. Ben noticed her finding distance and pulled himself closer with his nose drizzling. Leia pried her eyes away from the sniffling boy and focused on the window. The moon was high and flushed. She vaguely wondered what time it was. Ben was reaching the age of ten and liked to remind her and Han of it, but he grew younger as he sat at her side. He tugged on her sleeve until she returned her focus to him. “I’m sorry.” he said. She couldn’t find her voice as he wept. Her hands remained in her lap, but he was tugging on her arm and using her clothes as a tissue. Over and over again he apologized to her for the person he was in his dreams, but the sentiment didn’t register with her. Leia’s head felt hazy while her heart beat wildly in the grey light. “Mom,” he said, “I would never…” He buried his face in her arm. His voice was broken and he began coughing from the built up mucus in his throat. At last, Leia wiped the tears from under his eyes and looked at him. “I know.” she said. That was the night she decided he’d be better off away from home. That was the night she lost him. Leia could still recall the morning Ben left for training. He had cried the night before from nerves which made her wonder if he was strong enough to handle being away from home. Although the unsettling feeling inside her couldn’t be ignored and she knew he needed to go. Still, when she looked at the red cheeked boy with the brown eyes, that feeling seemed unthinkable. He was only a child after all and her child. There couldn’t be anything dark lurking inside him. Although if there was indeed darkness in him, she wondered if there was darkness in her as well. Perhaps it was lying dormant until the day it needed her. She remembered kissing his forehead before sending him on his way. The nightmare lingered in her mind, but she was distracted with making sure her son was ready for his first trip away from home. She was also doing her best not to openly weep in front of him. Han already had to leave the room twice to collect himself before watching his only son depart. Leia didn’t wish to embarrass herself quite as much. Before Ben stepped out the door she told him how proud she was of him and what he would later accomplish. At the time, she thought those words would ring true. That was meant to be a day of hope for their family, but even as she said this, the dreadful feeling lingered. The last image she had of her son was him turning around to leave with his uncle. She saw his tiny shoulders bouncing as he hopped over to the ship outside. The back of his hair was unkempt and glistened under the sunlight pouring in from the doorway. He stepped out into the glaring light and it seemed to encompass him until he vanished altogether. And now he had returned to her doorstep with broader shoulders and shaggier hair. “I’m home.” said Ben. Her voice retreated at his sight. All the while he hovered on her doorstep with his eyes constantly scanning the home. This wasn’t the one he had grown up in, but it held the same atmosphere more or less. It felt peaceful in this area – far from the hustle of most cities. He never imagined finding his mother so secluded, his father yes, but not her. She thrived among others, but this place did have an air of comfort inside it. The soft sunlight trickling across the towering trees and blooming flowers beckoned for a longer stay. It was no wonder why she found refuge here. She had changed since the last time they’d seen one another. Wrinkles had grown into her skin much like vines wrapping themselves about an aging building. A building which had endured storms, fires, and other simple tragedies of life. Yet it stood tall with only minor cracks to display its strength. Her hair had also shifted color and now welcomed silver pieces to fall freely onto her shoulders. He had always felt her presence in some way – that’s what the force did to people. It acted as an irreplaceable bond which no one could truly be free of, not even in death. Seeing the changes in her made him realize just how long he’d been away from home. For Leia, she struggled with seeing a grown version of the child she used to hold after a bad dream. “Ben.” She said. “Mother, I wanted to apologize…” “No.” her eyes leapt from the ground and into his. Fire and ice battled for dominance in her stare. “You don’t get to apologize.” “But mother…” “How can you expect that out of me?” Ben’s bottom lip shook and he took a step closer to her. “I never meant to…” “You knew exactly what you were doing.” “It wasn’t my fault, I was ordered to do it. I had no choice.” “That’s not a good excuse.” He glanced around the yard nervously and realized just how exposed he was out here. There didn’t seem to be enough trees to shelter him and conceal him from what could be hiding in the shadows. Out here there were rolling hills and a meadow of budding wild flowers near the back of the house. If he started running now, he could go for days and still be in clear eyesight of anyone passing through. The thought made his stomach clench. His mask was lying on the ship and he yearned for it. The sunlight dipped into his cheeks and warmed them, but he didn’t find the comfort of it. It seemed almost too hot, like it might scorch his skin and leave him melting on this very spot. After some hesitation he said, “Snoke got inside my head.” “You can’t blame all of this on him.” Ben took another step towards her, but she placed both hands on either side of the door’s frame. He could see knickknacks, photos, and other trivial decorations from just over her shoulder. But he was only granted a distant glance and he hadn’t quite earned entrance into Leia’s haven. He felt his arms rattle at this realization. “Why can’t I blame the beast on my shoulder? He’s the one who led me into the darkness. I was young and foolish. I had no choice.” “You’ve always had a choice, Ben.” Ben. The name slithered down his backside. “You’re the ones who sent me away.” Leia lowered her arms and stepped out into the yard. “I was there for you. I was always there for you, but you never reached out or let me help you. How could I save you if you didn’t want to be saved?” Kylo stepped off the dirt path so he could slam his fist into the trunk of a tree. The collision sent a shiver through his arm, but it no longer hurt like it used to. Pain was ordinary for him and if anything, he sought out greater pain just to feel undead. “I couldn’t find you.” he said, “Every time I wanted to come home, he pulled me further away. He promised me everything – glory, power, love. How could I refuse?” “You could have had that here.” His head shifted from side to side. “No, he said it’d be better if I stayed with him. He said I had potential – that I was destined. I have a gift.” “A lot of people had that same gift, but you killed them so you could feel special.” Kylo peeled his hand from the bark and rested his back against the tree. “They were fools.” “The only fool here is you. You pushed away anyone who offered you their help and now you wonder why there’s no one there for you.” “I have people here for me.” “Then why did you finally come home?” “I’m sorry for thinking you’d be happy to see your only child.” Leia took a moment to watch the clouds drift past. Air rattled through her teeth. “My son is dead like his father.” Kylo hesitated. “I’m right here.” “No, you’re not. You rejected everything about yourself.” “I had to. Snoke said…” “I don’t care what Snoke said. I know that he did unspeakable things to you and I hope that one day he’ll get what deserves for that, but you are not just a victim. There were moments when you knew what you were doing. You didn’t think about the consequences, you just acted with no regard to the people you left as collateral damage.” Kylo was rendered speechless. He glanced at the grass then at his hands and at last making his way back to her. An invisible frost was settling in her features and released itself through her eyes. He recognized the frustration, but never had he seen it in its full force. All he could do was slump against the tree as if he were shrinking. “Mother,” “You wanted to be like Anakin Skywalker. Well, congratulations, you’re both bastards.” “I didn’t come here just for an apology, I wanted your help. I’m scared.” Leia raised an eyebrow to this and glanced over at the house. The door was still open and she could make out the edge of the kitchen table. Sunlight continued to drizzle out onto the wood and decorated the house with a honey mist. “For years I just wanted you to come home.” she said, “I waited for so long to have my son back, but now that you’re here I just want you gone.” Kylo’s eyes widened and he gradually straightened out his back. Leia kept her face hidden from him, deciding that she’d rather focus the windows of her house and the lukewarm drink still waiting inside for her. After the silence was started to become unbearable, she began making her way inside without a goodbye. He watched her do this and tightened his jaw. “You can’t just push me away again.” he said. “Why can’t I be good enough for you?” Leia was already at the doorway, but she came to a halt. When she turned back around she could see her son’s eyes dampening and all at once he resembled the boy she used to know. She saw the trembling of his shoulders and the confusion in his glance. He wasn’t much different than the Ben who slept with a stuffed animal because it was supposed to protect him from monsters. “Have you spent your whole life thinking that’s the reason I sent you away?” “That’s what I was told. It makes sense, doesn’t it?” He folded his arms and chose the ground for eye contact. There was only a slight breeze in this area, but each time it came around it made the raw mark on his face sting. He touched the scar absentmindedly and traced the jagged shape. He could still feel a layer of gel dissolving into the broken skin. “I wasn’t turning out to be the son you wanted,” he said, “so you tried to reform me. And when Snoke spoke to me, he said I had all the qualities he was looking for in a student. He said he saw a potential in me that no one else could.” “I saw potential in you.” He glanced up to see Leia at a closer distance. Her expression was stiff, but there was something else. Regret? Disappointment? Seeing her look at him this way made his stomach clench. “But I also saw darkness.” said Leia, “And I knew it was there because I have the same darkness in me.” “You’re nothing like me.” “You’re forgetting that we come from the same bloodline.” Kylo scoffed and rolled his eyes. The sun was almost too bright in this spot and he felt himself melting under the dark clothing. He yearned for the frigid environment back on the Starkiller. “Then why didn’t you step up and try to avenge grandfather?” he said. “Ben,” her voice settled into a raw whisper, “When I sleep I have visions of my mother screaming because he’s breaking her again and again and again. And when I wake up I remember that he did the same thing to me - to all of us. Sometimes I think he wasn’t buried deep enough.” Kylo took a cautious step forward. The air flowing through his lungs rattled and the scent of fresh grass caused his head to spin. The view here was so green and rich. It was almost too vivid, too lush. The wounds he gained from his earlier battle began to ache and his legs grew light. What was the good of coming home if it made him sick to his stomach? “No, he was strong and courageous.” “He was a beast.” said Leia, “And now so are you.” She took one more look at her son – this time wondering if it’d be the last. She didn’t want to only remember his shoulders as he stepped into the morning sun. She wanted to see his face, his eyes, his freckles. The way he exchanged her glance was wounded and timid. His breath was shaky and his eyes glistened. Still, this was him. This was her child. She wanted, no needed to remember his face. And then she left him alone by the tree as she stepped back inside the house. Kylo followed her to the doorstep with his hand stretched out. Tears trickled down onto his chin and he tried to wipe them away before she could see. “Wait, please,” he said, “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.” She was already inside, but her fingers traced the outline of the door. Behind her stood Ben with the sunlight casting a soft glow across his shoulders and made him look paler than what he was. She studied the lengthy scar across his face and the other wounds he’d acquired over time. The wind rustled his hair and the dark strands mixed with the dampness of his cheeks. “You’re all grown now.” said Leia, “You figure it out.” She closed the door as he wept on the other side. Chapter 6 : A Hard Day's Night Summary: Kylo rethinks his life in a field. Rey learns about her connection to Anakin Skywalker. (This all takes place before chapter 1) Instead of going back to the ship where there was food and a warm bed, Kylo decided to wander about the meadows near his mother’s home. The longer he stayed out here, the more time he had to pull himself together before seeing Hux again. Hux watching Kylo lose his temper was one thing, but watching Kylo cry like a small child was another. This was a situation Kylo would rather avoid. As he moved through the environment he noticed how tall the grass was here. It scratched his legs and made it difficult to move through the area. How could anyone want to live in a place where the grass stung and the sun was too bright? The sweltering orb seemed to shine itself directly in his line of vision and leave him fumbling through the field. While training, his uncle would often talk about his own childhood and how he grew up in a place where there was nothing but sand for miles. He’d complain about the sheer annoyance of such a location, but for Kylo sand was never the issue. It was all nature. He preferred the comfort of indoors where he could avoid uncomfortable temperatures and other irritations that came with being outside. When he thought he was far enough away, he fell onto the ground and lay so that he could watch the clouds pass by. The grass was even more troublesome under his back and it tangled itself in his hair, but he was too tired to worry. The annoyance almost didn’t matter at this point. All he sought was rest and a moment of solitude. This was one thing the field could provide him with. At times like this he spoke to his grandfather. He had never seen him or heard his voice, but he knew he was there. He’d heard his uncle and mother talk about meeting the spirit of Anakin Skywalker so he had to be somewhere. Although, when Kylo was younger, he remembered his mother telling him that she hadn’t seen the ghost in a while. He often wondered where the spirit disappeared to and why he never bothered meeting his grandson. Of course, this didn’t mean Kylo still wouldn’t try to communicate with him. “I need you to remind me.” he said, “Please tell me why I’m doing this again.” The wind whistled and a few birds cawed, but there was no answer. A silence dancing with white noise. Kylo closed his eyes and listened for a while. “Am I just boring you?” Not even a bird flew past to confirm that he was anything but alone. Besides grass tickling the back of his neck, the world felt paralyzed. There was no sign that someone was watching over him, let alone listening to his complaints. A ghost must be able to go anywhere he’d like; there was no sense in him following one person for a lifetime. Of course, any ghost could arrive and Kylo wouldn’t know the difference between an ordinary phantom and Anakin Skywalker. Unless he appeared to him in the uniform of Darth Vader, there was no indication of his identity. There were no photos of him and only vague descriptions to give Kylo any indication of what or who his grandfather was. He wasn’t entirely sure how he’d sense his presence either considering Vader had died before he was born. The spirit of some odd creature could arrive and claim he was Anakin Skywalker and Kylo would probably believe him. Maybe it was foolish to call for someone he hardly knew. “Just give me a sign, come on.” A single leaf broke off from the tree in front of him. The tree it fell from appeared to have just emerged from its white blossomed cocoon. The foliage was vibrant and fresh with no sign that it was ready to curl up into golds and break away. It was far too early in the season for any greenery to be shed, but here the leaf lay – right at his elbow. “What the fuck am I supposed to say to this?” asked Kylo. If he could lean his skull back further into the ground he would have. His eyes stung from the rocky sleep he’d received for the past week – month – lifetime. Perhaps he’d have to give up talking to the dead for today. No point in calling in if the line was broken. He could hardly keep his eyes open at this point. The wind echoed sweetly enough to sing to him to sleep and he was starting to succumb to the lullaby. His mind was worn and before long the thoughts scattered into a drowsy void. He let them slip away just as he realized the immense weight of his own eyelids. They closed without much of a fight and there they were set on remaining. His consciousness began to fade into the lazy sunlight. But, of course, there was never any rest for the wicked. The sun rose over the islands where Rey currently watched the sea glisten beneath a soft light. The sun felt different here; it didn’t scorch or last too long. It was peaceful. Harmless. She felt as though she could reach out and touch it without burning to a crisp or blinding herself. It was a comforting sunlight and one that she never thought was possible to bear witness to. The sea was also new to her. There was sand here too, but it wasn’t dense like the kind back home. This sand had a thousand pebbles sewn in that all sparkled when the light touched them. It didn’t appear in heaps or threatened to drown her. No, it appeared only when it needed to and playfully slid into the water only to be carried back out. Luke stepped around the corner and sat beside her. Their feet dangled off the cliffside as they shared in the same scenic view. She hadn’t been in this place very long, but each time Luke was at her side he seemed to be studying her. Maybe he was seeing if she was cut out for the life of a Jedi or perhaps he was amazed just to have the company. She didn’t know how many days he’d spent in solitude, but she was afraid to ask. There must have been quite a few lonely years. “Rey,” he said, “can I ask you something personal?” She nodded her head despite the sudden clench in her stomach. Luke took his time finding the words for his question. He bit his lower lip as he rephrased the thought a few hundred times before giving his attention back to her. “It's about the nightmares you have. Are they more like visions?" he asked. “I suppose,” she said, “They're usually vivid enough that sometimes I forget where I am. Is that because of the Force?” He hesitated. “What do you see in them?” “Mostly fire. There’s also a woman dressed in yellow.” His lips parted to speak and gradually sealed themselves again. A fresh sea breeze skated through the island’s hills and across Rey’s shoulders. Her hair tickled the back of her neck, and she became awfully aware of her own breathing. She steadied her intakes of air and tried to focus on the question at hand. Luke asked, “What was her name?” Rey bit the inside of her cheek and thought for a moment. The woman in yellow had never given her name, but somehow Rey knew it. It was buried deep in the back of her mind and she only had to dig it up. She thought of the last time she had a vision of the woman. There were normally only two reoccurring dreams of her – one memory of bliss and one of melancholy. In the happier vision, the woman was sitting in a grassy field with a crisp, blue sky above her. She was young and laughed without worry under the sunlight. In these visions, Rey was beside her; laughing just as merrily. She felt something for her – something she never truly experienced outside of the dream, at least not in its full entirety. While she was with the woman in yellow she loved her, but that affection was met with a deepening sadness. Rey couldn’t quite understand that layer of grief just yet nor did she want to. “Padme.” said Rey, “Her name was Padme. Did you know her?” Luke shifted his attention to the sleepy waves and Rey felt herself growing nervous. “I never had the chance.” Luke said. He fiddled with the ends of his sleeves for a long while. Silence swept through the lazy hills much in imitation of the wind. Rey was still struggling to understand much of what had happened to her over the past week and quite frankly the long, solemn silences weren’t helpful. Then again, she wasn’t quite sure how to fill them. “Rey,” he said, “Sometimes with the force, you’re granted an intuition. There are things you simply know without explanation.” “Is that why I see her? Was she like me?” “I’m afraid I don’t know as much about her as I’d like to. Leia does though, she often dreams of Padme too.” A knot tied in Rey’s throat. “Was she family?” “She was our mother.” he paused again, “Who are you in these dreams?” “I’m someone else.” “Do you know who?” “I never really thought about it. I mean, they are just dreams. Aren’t they?” The humming of insects crept into earshot and gradually grew. This meant that the sun would be getting low soon and she’d have to start her night round of training. It was helpful to know how to fight and sense things in the dark. The light was a good ally, but it wasn’t a reliable one. Only Luke didn’t seem to notice the subtle shift in the day. His eyes were focused on the grass wavering near his side. “I should go get ready.” she said. “No,” Luke cautiously took her wrist and pulled her back. “Before we continue, there’s something you ought to know.” “What is it?” He glanced at her solemnly and said, “Somehow I knew from the moment you arrived here that you were him.” “Who?” The rims of her eyes began to sting even though she hardly knew why. Luke gazed out into the sea with the expression of a man who’d recently been broken apart and poorly strung back together. The sun crashed into the turquoise waters in a brilliant display of light. Shards of its shimmering rays cast themselves on the two figures and draped them in gold. When Rey looked to him, she could only see part of his face. The rest was hidden behind a mask of fading sunlight, but she could still clearly see one of his blue eyes from the shadow the sun left behind. It was pale and damp, and she held onto the sight; hopeful of some protection it could provide. “My father.” “No, no that’s ridiculous." said Rey, "I’m me.” “Sometimes souls are reincarnated after a period of time. And when I’m near you, I sense him.” Sharply, she stood from where she was and backed away. The curdling sun blinded her for a moment as it threw red streaks across the island sky. The crimson colors reflected themselves in her dark eyes and dripped over her left shoulder. She began weeping. “I’m not some monster.” she said. “Rey, it’s alright.” “No, it’s not. I’m not – I’m not…” She ran. She went as far as she could go across the island before her legs gave and she collapsed onto the sand. The sea water kissed her elbows as she tried to stand, but her body felt weak. Every limb quivered from the heavy sobs locked in her throat. She did her best to pull herself together, but it was a hopeless endeavor. The sun fell with her and darkness filled the land. Soon enough the stars became visible and shimmered from above followed by the moons. It was amazing how bright this place could be even at dusk. She began to steady herself and sit up, but her face was still damp. Swiftly, she brushed aside the stray tears, but more leaked out unannounced. After a while she gave in and sat in silence until her eyes dried themselves out. Kylo’s nap in the field was disrupted by the oncoming of rough footsteps. He peaked up with one eye open to see who dared enter his meadow, but the visitor had stopped walking. As if rising from a pollen filled afterlife, Kylo sat up and stretched his arms into the sky. As he did, the first thing he noticed was a familiar ship not far off in the distance. For a moment he believed it was his father returning from the dead to scold him. Only instead of Han Solo’s rusty voice, he was met with one belonging to a girl and one he knew. As he steadily turned, he saw Rey standing behind him in a defensive pose. The day’s events and the medicine for his wounds made him groggy and unable to form a pose himself, though he still tried. He reached out for his saber and then quickly remembered he hadn’t brought it with him; a foolish mistake. “What are you doing here?” asked Rey. “I could ask you the same. Unless you’re here to take me up on my offer.” “I’d sooner spend a thousand years waiting in Jakku than to have you as a teacher.” Kylo’s arms dropped and he turned away from her. For a moment or two, he paced the field trying to steady his breathing and rage. Rey watched him a while and tried to calm her nerves as well. When she looked at him, she saw a piece of herself buried somewhere between the seams of his skin. He didn’t look much like his father or his mother, but the trace of a Skywalker made itself evident in one way or another. Maybe it was in the way he moved or the stubborn spirit in him. Either way, a voice inside her told her that they were alike. The Skywalker blood may have been transferred, but it ran all the same. She couldn’t bear the sight of him. “I’m not here for you.” she said, “Quite honestly I thought you were dead.” “No you didn’t. You felt it, just like I did.” She hesitated with her words because he was right, but instead of retorting she turned and walked across the field. He was left standing by himself as she continued moving and batted the bugs out of her eyes. Kylo became all too aware of the direction she was heading in and reached out to prevent her from going any further. Her body stopped for a moment and she knew this was the doing of the Force. She didn’t bother to fight it although she would have liked to. Fortunately for him, Rey was growing exhausted from the past week’s events. “Where are you going?” Kylo asked. “It’s none of your business.” “It is my business when you’re heading toward my mother. I can see it.” Rey broke the mental bondage between them and glared in his direction. Her rage boiled from the inside and as it grew, she could see Kylo’s eyes bulge. He clawed at his own neck for a breath of air, and fell to his knees. The pale pigment of his skin altered itself into a fine lavender, and almost too late did Rey realize this was being done by her mind. She quickly averted her eyes and thought to a different time with different thoughts. Kylo began gasping at the sudden unlocking of his lungs. He couldn’t yet stand, but he called out to her regardless. His voice was raspy and short on breath, but he didn’t seem to care. He said, “Stay away from my family.” “You betrayed them, even murdered them.” said Rey, “They should be the ones staying away from you.” He had little else to say after that, and Rey wasn’t going to wait around for a response. She stormed toward the address she was given before leaving in the Falcon. Kylo was left to rip out grass with the tip of his boot and swear at the scattering green strings. From inside her home – her personal haven – Leia heard the familiar fans of the Falcon drumming somewhere nearby. Her heart skipped a beat or two as the mug in her hands trembled. She thought of running out the door and across the fields until she saw him standing there in all his rough glory. She’d fall into his arms and he’d kiss her forehead. Then after a moment of sap, she’d ask him who the hell he thought he was, running off like that. He was getting to old to play the hero, but she wouldn’t actually mind because she wasn't any different. They were both losing their minds; both fighting a fight that started when they were kids. He wasn’t out there, and she knew this. She hated how even in death the mere notion of him sent her heart fluttering. There was a knocking on the door, and she opened it to find Rey. The whites of her eyes were blushing with crimson veins. “Please,” she said, “Is it true?” Chapter 7 : Runnin' with the Devil Leia offered Rey a warm drink and led her to the backyard. They stood on the porch and sipped silently for some time. Rey was already painfully aware of the truth, and Leia was in no mood to reiterate the details. From the first time she saw Rey, she somehow knew there was a person in there that she recognized. She had immediately felt drawn to her; at fist thinking that this was someone sharing the same grief. Someone who must also feel terribly alone. But once Rey was in her arms, she felt that bloodline connection. She was overcome with a sense of coldness, and she suddenly realized why she hadn’t seen her father’s ghost in so many years. His soul wasn’t lost in the afterlife because it had found a new vessel. As she looked at Rey, her mind fell into a frenzy state. Leia couldn’t decide if she should pity Rey, feel joyous, or fear the effects of such a situation. Darth Vader had risen from the dead, and who could say if redemption could endure such a resurrection. Out of every emotion running wild through her mind, fear stood out the most. The response was mirrored in Rey, but while Leia’s fear was simply loud, Rey’s was ear shattering. Rey held the mug close to her chest, and Leia could see the handle trembling. She offered Rey a seat before she spilt the dark liquid everywhere. She couldn’t seem to let go of the mug even while sitting and it took her some time before she could speak. She glanced down at the saber on her side and said, “Is this why it called to me so strongly? At first I thought it was because of the Force, but maybe it was just happy to see its original owner.” “There could be many reasons for it.” said Leia, “But I know that it was being kept safe in the cellar for a reason.” “What was that?” Leia sighed, “I was told that it was put there either for or by Luke. He needed to relinquish it after all the horrific sights he saw. I asked to keep it myself, but he wanted it buried away.” Rey eyed her cautiously. Leia realized the tone in her voice and the lack of eye contact gave her away. She used to be fantastic at lying her way out of situations by telling half-truths. It wasn’t because she was a dishonest person, but because the truth exposed secrets and secrets were precious. This way of living, however, created a fair amount of weight on her shoulders. The halls of her mind were cursed with a thousand ghosts each keeping to themselves. “Is that the end of the story?” asked Rey. Leia wanted to say yes. Her gut pleaded with her to say yes. “No.” she said. “Then what happened?” The tone of Rey’s voice didn’t signal a demand. If anything, she was begging for answers while still treading carefully towards them. The corners of her eyes were beginning to dampen, and Leia felt her heart sink far down into her gut. People who had met Rey all agreed on the innocence of her. She represented sunlight and blue skies. There was so much hope filled into her small frame, and it trickled out like rays from the sun. It was almost blinding. How could the walking embodiment of sunlight ever cause harm? Then again, the sun was vicious when seen up close. It could burn anyone standing nearby to crisp. It caused droughts and drew ugly sweat from the people below. The heat created its own images in the light and convinced those drained from the source that these images were their reality. It could be refreshing and desired after days of rain, but too much exposure had people craving dusk. At this point in time Rey was a sunrise. She was a ball of light stretching far into the sky, carrying a sense of hope. Leia couldn’t help but wonder about the chaos she would bring before she was ready to set. “Luke did give me the light saber.” said Leia, “And I’m the one who buried it.” “Why did you lie?” Leia shrugged, “I’m running out of reasons, but the last time I saw Vader’s – Anakin’s – ghost, he told me to keep it close. It was the only gift he could give to me.” “And you got rid of it.” “Can you blame me?” asked Leia. Her voice grew even softer, “I know that he had this when he was a Jedi, before the mask, but it’s still his. When I look at it, it’s a reminder that we’re connected and I wish we weren’t.” Leia took a sip from her mug and glanced up at the silent sky. “Surely, you can understand.” Rey nodded solemnly. She brushed the edges of the light saber’s handle with her finger tips. She couldn’t deny the sense of familiarity she had with it. She felt at home the moment she held it in her hands and watched the light break through a snow drenched woods. “Maybe you should take it back,” said Rey, “Just in case.” She practically threw the saber onto the table with a quivering arm. Leia stared at the weapon for some time. She envied how Luke could pick it up and use it so eloquently. He had no fear in him of what he could become. No darkness lurking beneath his skin. Leia gently pushed it back towards Rey. “It belongs to you,” she said, “You should keep it.” Rey sighed, “I hardly know who Anakin was aside from the stories. Sometimes I have dreams of the people he loved, but I don’t understand them. Can’t you tell me more about him?” Leia looked to the shedding tree above them. “I only really knew him after death. You’ll understand him better if you see that life through his memories.” “What if I don’t like what I see?” “You won’t. But there are moments in my life where I don’t like what I see either. We’re all haunted by something.” The bridge of Rey’s nose began to burn, but she nodded. Her breath was unsteady as she asked, “Do you trust him?” Leia knew that by saying “him”, Rey truly meant “me.” Trust was not something which simply existed in Leia’s life. She had trusted many people, regretted it, and then gone on to trust again with the same results. She could hardly trust herself, but here she was finding her way back to the word – desiring one good moment to come of it. She glanced up at Rey whose bottom lip trembled. She bit it quickly to hide the sign of fear and tears, but Leia recognized the skirmish. This had been her world since she was young and even now she fought back the horror and breath-stealing misery crawling across her bones. “Yes.” The environment was stiff as it always was when you’re dead. Anakin hovered near Leia’s home and wondered if he should give their relationship another attempt. She didn’t seem to sigh as much when he arrived now, but their bond was murky at best. The realization of this struck him with a thousand “could haves” and “what ifs” which he had to swipe aside. Perhaps attempting fatherhood after death was an ill thought out plan. At times like this he wanted to run to Luke. It was fascinating how easily his son could forgive and accept. He questioned not out of judgement, but only to better understand. Sure, he still harbored the same sass as his sister, but Luke had the ability to see good in everyone. He welcomed his father back with opened arms. Leia chose to bolt the door and pass notes beneath it. Anakin decided not to bother her on this evening and instead took the time to himself. He had feared death his entire life like many, but he always assumed the afterlife would be filled with people he loved. He expected to step into a golden stairwell where light was all around him. He’d glide toward the source and there he would be greeted by his wife, mother, and friends. Much to his disappointment, death was not a golden staircase, and it wasn’t welcoming or even warm. Death was being trapped in an hour that never moved, and watching a clock that never ticked. His senses were shut off apart from sight and hearing. He could no longer smell sweet scents or feel even the slightest breeze. He couldn’t eat or sleep. Sighing and yawning were just for show. He no longer needed the extra exhale of air to calm his nerves, but he wished he could. As he grumbled to himself, another spirit arrived nearby. Anakin glanced up to see the face of Obi Wan. He looked the same as he did the day he died – weary, crevasses sunken into the skin, and silver hair. Anakin felt almost guilty for returning in such a young body. Then again, this form had the unfortunate side effect of making him feel more like a boy and less of a man. He was trapped in eternal youth with the exhausted mind of someone much, much older. Obi-Wan found a bolder to sit on in front of him and stared for a moment. He was always staring. Maybe he was reliving the horrific moments of the last time he saw this face. Maybe he was brimming with envy. Anakin supposed he could also be thinking of ways to kill a dead man. Either way, Anakin didn’t wish to find out, but he did look back with all three options fighting for dominance within his own mind. “Congratulations,” said Obi-Wan, “on your grandson. I must admit, I’m fond of the name.” Anakin shrugged. “There are better names. I bet he’ll take after his mother.” “You’re very proud of her, aren’t you?” Anakin looked back at the house where the moon centered itself perfectly above the roof. A light shined brightly through one of the windows and illuminated the garden beneath it. He smiled at the sight. “She grew into a good person. Sometimes I wonder if it’s because I wasn’t there.” “You’ll go mad if you think like that.” Anakin leaned against the tree behind him. He couldn’t feel the bark claw away at his clothes, but he was aware it was holding him up. Subconsciously, he folded his arms and pressed them tightly to himself. It was his habit of checking to see if he was still there or if he’d finally faded out into the spirit world. “Both of them turned out well.” said Anakin, “Even when I had Luke, I couldn’t change a damn thing about him. I can’t tell if it’s their strong spirits or just a good upbringing. Either way, my absence left them better off.” “Luke loved hearing stories of his father the Jedi.” Anakin scoffed. “His father the myth.” “Your life isn’t some campfire story.” “Please, everything becomes one sooner or later. Anakin Skywalker is a myth. Darth Vader is a myth. Both ghost stories. One to pity and one to fear.” Obi-Wan looked to him and sighed. His breath hovered in the air between them as if it were a crisp autumn night. It was true that spirits could no longer feel the sun’s rays or even a light rain, but there would always be that inescapable feeling of being cold. “Then who are you now?” asked Obi-Wan. “I suppose I’m no one. Did you ever feel like that after you died?” “I was disoriented at first, yes, but I know who I am. And I know why I haven’t moved on yet.” “And what is that?” Obi-Wan closed his eyes. The indigo sky dripped through his frame, and his skin illuminated the darkness. The rest of the world fell silent. “You.” he said, “I’m still watching over you.” Anakin, who did not glow and who pushed himself further into the tree’s shadow, snarled at him. “Hate to break it to you, but I’m all grown up now.” “No, you’re still that young boy in the desert. You’re still lost.” A match lit within Anakin’s chest. “I shouldn’t be, but somehow I’m still here talking to old, dead men.” “Anakin, you are the dead.” “And how long until I can move on? When can I see Padme again?” Obi-Wan’s eyes followed him in the darkness. Dusk only made them more white and hollow. “Do you really think she’ll want to see after all the misery you caused her?” “She loved me. You told me that she asked if I was alright after you left me to die!” Obi-Wan didn’t flinch at the sudden rise in his voice. Instead he only looked at the spirit of the young man with an overwhelming sense of pity. Anakin prepared himself to claw the expression off from Obi-Wan’s skull, but he held back – he was more dignified than that. “You committed horrific acts.” said Obi-Wan, “Some that I will never forgive. And even if you atone for your sins, you can never revert back to that innocent boy on Tatooine. Vader will always live inside you.” “You said I was the chosen one. That we were brothers.” Anakin’s voice grew raw and cracked with each rise and fall. “You said you were here to watch over me so why are you still against me?” “You can’t erase the darkness with a few good deeds.” Anakin leaned forward from the tree and marched towards Obi-Wan. The old ghost didn’t move from his seat so Anakin hovered above him. His arm extended itself and was held in the space between them. The thought of Obi-Wan chocking on his own saliva crossed his mind, but the old man wouldn’t budge. “All you can see is Vader.” said Anakin, “Look at me.” Obi-Wan did indeed look at him. They both saw the outstretched hand, the attempt to use the Force, the attempt at harm, the attempt to be heard. Obi-Wan saw the fire brimming in the corners of his old friend’s eyes and Anakin could feel it. The edges were crimson where blood vessels had shattered in an illusion of blood which no longer existed. Still they burned, and his irises shifted into the same sickly yellow they were on the day he should have died. The ghosts both looked at the beast living inside Anakin Skywalker who had come out to play. Anakin noticed the creature’s arrival and gradually lowered his arm. He couldn’t choke a being without breath, but part of him still wished that Obi-Wan had suffered something from the act. The only aftermath from this attempt was the unease filling Anakin’s stomach. “I’m tired.” said Anakin, “I just want to go home.” “I know. And you will eventually, but you’re job isn’t done yet. Even in death you are still the chosen one. You have work to do.” “You mean looking out for my family?” “Yes, but there’s more to it than that.” Obi-Wan stood and moved toward the edge of the hill where he could have a clear view of Leia’s cozy home. The light was still twinkling in the window and draped the flowers below in gold. “You’re right in that your grandson will take after Leia. But you must remember that she takes after her father.” Anakin joined him by the edge. Together they watched the night sweep across the land, and the moons shimmered among a canopy of stars. It was amazing how so much green could grow in one place from the bushy trees to the wild gardens. He never thought anything other than the grand cities could be brimming with this much life. Only here it wasn’t as suffocating. He could clearly see for miles and miles over the rolling hills, and this gave enough room to breathe. It was something out of a dream. “She isn’t like me.” said Anakin. He rubbed his ever burning eyes with the yellow tint. They were still flushed and swollen which created a face Padme would never recognize. However, the scorched beast was seared into Obi-Wan’s memories and looking at Anakin now didn’t make the sight any easier to swallow. How long would it be this time until he reverted back to normalcy? “She holds the same power as you.” said Obi-Wan, “She’s far stronger than even her brother.” “That still doesn’t make her like me. She’s better.” Obi-Wan smiled sadly. “I once told Luke he was our only hope not because Leia couldn’t succeed, but because of what might happen as a result of her awakened abilities. I often had dreams of her surpassing Darth Vader.” Anakin blocked Obi-Wan’s view of the house and the moons along with it. Starlight dripped onto his shoulders like a fine silver liquid. The tree’s extended branches wavered from above and hid the top half of his face. “She wouldn’t be weak enough to turn over to the dark side.” Anakin said. “Perhaps, but darkness lingers in her. The same darkness we sensed in you.” “And you’re saying my grandson is no different?” Obi-Wan pondered in silence for a moment. A breeze swept through and shuffled the tree nearby. Crunchy, green leaves wavered from the sudden burst of wind and then fled from their branches. Pieces fell through Anakin’s shoulders and settled near his feet. Obi-Wan’s voice was soft enough to meld with the wind. He said, “It’s faint, but yes I sense it. And I fear for him.” “Do you fear what he’ll accomplish?” “No, I’m worried about the chaos he’ll leave behind.” Anakin could no longer stomach the sight of the house or the old ghost. He walked away from both until his mind quieted down. Obi-Wan didn’t follow and for the first time in a while, Anakin felt grateful towards him. He stood before the land and watched the stars blink curiously at him. The stunning silence of this world reminded him of his time as a boy on Tatooine. There he could see every star and every piece of the earth so clearly. There was never any sound at night – just the clicking of insects or someone shuffling through the sand nearby. The deadening silence used to drive him mad, but standing here now made him realize how he’d been yearning for it. This was the first night he felt a piece of himself slipping away. It was faint, but noticeable as if he were shedding his skin. The initial sting gave him a fright, but he had enough worries to occupy his mind. Even if he were disappearing, what would be the danger? In this moment he thought of four people. He thought of his children. He worried about the storm coming for them all because they had the misfortune of sharing his blood. Mostly, he just wanted to talk with them and to know them. He wished he could convince Leia to at least look at him. He wondered if he should tell her his story – all of it, not the myth she’d heard a thousand times. He wanted her to know that whatever inner battle she was facing, it was alright. He didn’t want her to be afraid of herself. He thought of Padme and the look she gave him during their last meeting. Silently, he vowed to make her smile once they were together again. He yearned for the way her lips would clip onto his, the way she’d brush her fingertips along his temples, and the way she’d lock her arms around his waist. Each time he held her, he forgot the coldness that always ran along his skin. She was warm enough for the both of them. He needed to apologize to her and not the ground or the sky. He might as well be burning alive again with the heartache he felt in her absence. And he thought of himself. He had to laugh at the selfishness of it all, but he cringed from his past and worried for his future. He felt Vader lurking beneath his skin, and waiting to rise from a sea of blood to reclaim his place. Part of Anakin wanted to give in, and lend him a hand. Vader had given him identity, power, and respect. Anakin felt sick just at the thought. Perhaps it’d be better if he were put to rest. Chapter 8 : Talking in Your Sleep Summary: Rey has a few more visions from Anakin's past Leia looks for a way to recover and move forward Kylo is still moping in a field Rey stayed the night at Leia’s where she was offered a warm bed in the guest bedroom. It was set up almost perfectly with clean blankets, a fluffed pillow, knickknacks and paintings strategically placed to make the room feel cozy. Sheer curtains hung on the windows and breathed in and out with the wavy air outside. Rey knew that the room wasn’t made for her in mind, but she liked it just the same. She had never slept in a place that felt so safe or serene. It wasn’t humid or dusty. She could rest her head comfortably and doze off without a care. This is what she could do, had she still been living under the innocence of ignorant bliss. Instead, her mind was plagued with the ghost of her past, and she had no desire to know what the ghost had been up to. She kept herself awake. She’d stare out the window, taking in the pleasant night sky and grey moons hovering somewhere far, far away. She thought of Finn, and quietly wished for his safety and peace of mind. It’d be difficult to see him now after the recent turn of events, but perhaps he wouldn’t care. He wouldn’t see her any differently. He’d still look into her eyes without ever seeking the beast lurking behind them. Perhaps… Once sleep finally captured her, she dreamed of Padme. She saw her standing on a balcony with a blinking city behind her. The sun was setting to the West, and in this moment Padme extended a hand to Rey. Only Rey was not Rey, but her former self. She felt the mask fall back onto her face – like some suffocating cage blocking out the light and warmth. Rey saw Padme through a spotlight that the mask provided. She felt her breathing growing heavy and rough. Her chest seemed to be collapsing onto itself, and old burns carved into her cheeks began to sting. Rey began to realize that this wasn’t a vision from the past, but something else entirely. Perhaps it was Padme reaching out to her from beyond the grave, but she couldn’t be sure. Memories and nightmares began to collide into themselves, possibly as a result of Rey’s recent revelation. The environment fell dark, and a searing pain electrocuted Rey’s body. When light once more appeared, it was brought to her in the shape of fire. She could no longer feel her legs, and she was dragging herself uphill. The mask had vanished and replaced with ash. It stung her eyes, but she continued pulling herself away from the flames behind her. From far away she could see a familiar face – one Rey had never known, but one with a deep connection to Anakin. The sight of him caused an invisible hand to clutch her heart and twist it. The man – a friend, a brother – watched. He stood by as her skin melted from her bones, and exposed the raw veins and flesh beneath. Then he boarded a ship so he could find sanctuary. And once more in her life, she was utterly alone. Darkness collapsed her view. This time when the light returned it appeared as the two spotlights. Her breath fled back into her lungs, and she could hear people murmuring near her. Someone called her “Darth Vader”, and that twisting in her chest worsened. Her legs were still numb along her with arms. She could move them, but they were different. They weren’t flesh and bone, but something new. Mechanical. She attempted to step out of the tight box they placed her in, but she felt stiff in this new form. Her body was no longer her own, but some awful creation made by the people in this room. Her creators stared at her with both pleasure and fear. Their faces and smiles became distorted until they disappeared into the back of her mind. Her world shifted until she was standing among miles of sand. For a moment she thought this was Jakku, and a great feeling of euphoria found her. She had grown incredibly homesick for this planet, but the longer she stared the more she realized this wasn’t her home. This was his home. Tatooine. The crushed, golden pebbles stretched out far under the horizon where two suns gradually set. They painted the environment in soft reds and a hint of lavender. The light hit her face and drenched her skin in its dying rays. She soon realized that the light was falling through her bones and hitting the ground behind her. She was a ghost in this place. This was the last memory of Anakin Skywalker. She could feel his body fading away, and his awareness of his surroundings growing weaker. For someone who was already dead, he was dying rather quickly. Rey glanced down at his hands, and she saw the skin turn to sand before washing away. This phantom body was melting into the ground, and she was overcome with intense exhaustion. It was difficult to understand what was happening or why. She knew that Anakin had felt himself fading away for quite some time, but there was no given explanation. The piece of his mind insider hers wasn’t mourning this departure though. He was relieved. The last face which crossed his mind was Padme. He saw her smiling, and all dressed in yellow. She held out her hand, and Anakin reached for her. Finally , he thought, finally…finally… His legs were gone now – part of the sand, and he collapsed onto the ground. The rest of him gradually turned to dust as his last remaining arm stretched out for the spirit of Padme. He felt her hand clasp onto his, and she pulled him close. She kissed his forehead, and held him until he was gone. For a brief moment he felt peace. Rey awoke with hair, sweat, and tears clinging to her skin. In the room over, Leia lied awake as well. Her eyes burned brightly and silently with starlight drizzling against the window pane. There was an indescribable, mucus inducing, twisting, and migraine triggering feeling encasing her body. She had to keep herself perfectly still in hopes that this emotion wouldn’t break her apart. She had seen the way Rey looked at her after their talk. Rey was someone seeking guidance or at least some acceptance, and came out of the conversation empty handed.This wasn't what Leia intended, but she was growing weary. After all these years she couldn’t seem to trust her father, let alone forgive him. The worst part of this situation was that she understood Anakin. It made sense to her that someone would turn away from the light if the darkness offered a better reward. There must have been true intentions in the beginning that got hashed along the way, but they had existed nonetheless. Rey was one of the only real piece of family she had left in her life. Luke still hadn’t returned home, but maybe he never would. Maybe he was happier or more at peace keeping a distance. And Ben was no longer hers. He was grown now and in charge of his own fate – she no longer had power over him and it was foolish to think she ever did. Over the years she had seen every person she loved slip away into the cracks. Death had thrown its cruel hands around some to drag them away. Others were taken by darkness or broken by it. And here death had decided to give one piece back to her, but she couldn’t accept it. She couldn’t be happy. She wished for this happiness though. Yet here she was; a grown woman, crying to herself in her bed. How embarrassing. In this moment she found herself speaking to her adoptive parents, and asking for a sliver of guidance. She’d never heard them answer, but she pleaded all the same. After prolonged silence, she moved on to her birth mother, Padme. For a while now, she had been exhausted of dreaming, but tonight she needed one. She needed someone to help her. She needed a reminder of her purpose or at least the some dosage of comfort. But the only person who could give her that was herself. She heard Rey scream from the other room, and went in to find her curled up against the corner of her bed in tears. Rey hardly noticed Leia walk in, but when Leia sat by her side, Rey began apologizing. Her words were muffled under heavy sobs, but the “I’m sorry” was still comprehensible. Rain flicked itself onto the window panes as they sat. Leia reached over and held onto Rey’s wrist while she steadied her breathing. When she was able to speak clearly, Rey told her what she saw – all of it. Leia nodded silently and rested her back against the cool window. Leia said, “I can’t lie to you. I hate him. I hate him for everything he did and I hate how he can’t seem to be buried deep enough.” Rey turned away from her, but even in the dark Leia could see the red veins scattered throughout her eyes. She sighed and squeezed Rey’s hand. “But I don’t hate you.” “I’m not sure what I’m supposed to do.” said Rey, “I thought I could be a Jedi, but what if I turn to the dark just like him?” “You won’t.” “How do you know?” “Because I’ll train you.” Rey glanced up at her with furrowed brows and rubbed her eyes dry. The rain picked up as it continued beating against the window. A low thunder rumbled miles off from where they sat. Rey had never experienced much rain, but she couldn’t deny the comforting sound it brought. Visions from her nightmare began to wash away. “You will?” she asked. “I used to be so afraid just at the thought of practicing the Force. I’ve always felt this sliver of darkness living inside me like some caged creature. I couldn’t let it out.” “And now?” “Now instead of fighting it, I try to understand it. I know that there’s going to be that struggle with you and I want to help. I don’t want you to live in fear of yourself.” Rey began crying again, but this time it didn’t hold as much sorrow. She wrapped her arms around Leia’s neck and held on for a second. The surprised Leia awkwardly patted her back as she got out the last of her tears. “Thank you,” said Rey. “but what about Luke?” “He can still help. Besides, he owes me an apology for running off to that damn island.” They both laughed at this, and for a moment all of the ill thoughts and worries were a thing of the past. The thunder hummed sweetly nearby, and the lighting flashed gently to give them a smidgen of light. The calm had taken its time to arrive, but at least it seemed to be here now. Only there was still some misery lingering inside Leia. She looked at Rey for a moment and wondered about hope. She wondered if this kind soul could rewrite time and undo the awful acts that lay behind her. She wondered quite a bit about many things right then – each one more impossible than the next. “Eventually, you’ll have to face Ben, won’t you?” asked Leia. “Your son?” Leia nodded silently to which Rey said, “I suppose I will. Yes.” “Then let me help you.” Night had fallen quicker than Kylo expected, but he couldn’t bring himself to find Hux. The more time he wasted in this field, the longer he’d be able to avoid whatever horror was awaiting him. Although it was growing colder and he couldn’t take much more of the outdoors. He stood and began walking for some warmth and eventually came across the Falcon. It was nestled in a cozy spot among the trees and up on a hill. It’d be some time since he was able to have a decent look at the hunk of junk. His father had lost it so many years ago that it was difficult to recall the exact shape and style of it. Kylo glanced over his shoulder to make sure no one was following behind. The world was silent and empty just like it had been for most of the day. Just as he remembered, the lock still didn’t work. Curiosity slowly got the better of him until he boarded the ship. The inside wasn’t much different than the last time he’d been there. It was a bit dustier, but it wasn’t like the Falcon had ever been pristine to begin with. He moved past the controls and brushed the seat where his father used to sit. As a young child, Han would let him sit in the co-pilot chair and tell him stories of his adventures. His father had never looked happier in this place. Flying. Traveling. Those were his true passions. Kylo found himself sitting in the pilot’s seat. He looked out at the rolling hills in front of him and at the stars hanging loosely above. He used to dream of piloting his own ship so he could visit every planet blinking down on him. His father brought him home vintage pilot recruiting posters where the people in them were proud looking against the bluest skies he’d ever seen. He could see himself standing where they stood – the uniform, the fancy ship, everything. Maybe he’d even join the academy when he was older. Of course, he never did. He hardly knew how to fly. All of his wounds began to ache again, and he wished he were home. Gradually he sunk low into the chair and drifted off to sleep. Not long after his mind finally relaxed enough to allow this slumber, a bright light crashed before the front window. Thunder latched onto the glass and shook it violently. Kylo curled up in the seat and pretended not to notice, but there was a voice lurking between every crash and bang. He thought he saw a figure standing among the rain, but when he focused his attention enough to look, there was nothing there. A knocking whispered under the thunder, but then again it could have been his imagination. He turned to where the door of the ship was – emptiness. Dust. Nostalgia. The lightening outlined his frame as he readjusted himself in the pilot’s chair. He was determined to sleep even if the storm highly disagreed. That voice mixed with nature’s roaring sounded off again. It was familiar, but anything could sound familiar late at night when you were running low on sleep. Kylo opened one eye and looked beside him to find someone leaning against the co-pilot’s chair. He swiftly closed the eye as if he could capture one more second of sleep before it was all over. The man grabbed his shoulder and shook it until Kylo cooperated with him. When he saw the man’s face he realized it was Hux. Relief and dread fought for dominance in his stomach. “Have you been hiding here the entire time?” asked Hux. Kylo was groggy and searched for words. “I was just taking a look around.” “Yes, looks like you’ve been doing an excellent job of that. How was the family reunion?” “Could have gone better.” “Why am I not surprised?” Kylo snipped back, “Tell me Hux, where is your family?” Hux didn’t answer. He sat down in the co-pilot seat and watched rains splatter then drip off the window’s glass. Another flash of light set off and highlighted every inch of dust on the ship. It revealed the scratches, dents, and stains. It showed just how rundown this thing had become. Kylo was amazed it could fly it at all. “I received a call from Snoke.” said Hux, “He’s growing tired of waiting for you.” “Well, he can wait another day. I’m tired.” “We should have found him immediately after escaping the Starkiller. We don’t have time for you to mope around.” “I’m not moping!” Hux raised a brow and Kylo lowered his voice. His head fell back onto the seat with a thud and he rubbed his eyes. At first they stung from the sudden clash of knuckles against eye lids, but it felt nice after a while. He continued massaging them and realized how increasingly difficult it was to stay awake. Hux gave him his moment, but it was only a moment. He stood and clasped onto Kylo’s shoulder. “Trust me, you’ll be worse off if you keep him waiting.” Hux began walking away, but Kylo couldn’t find it in himself to follow. The rain’s collision against the window was sharp – almost like the nails of some vile creature trying to claw its way inside. The ship suddenly felt much, much colder. He called Hux back. “Can I tell you something?” asked Kylo. In this moment he retreated into the body of a young boy. His eyes were less dark, less torn apart with bloodshed, and less beaten. He picked at the controls in front of him, briefly wishing they’d come to life so he could get off this forsaken planet. If he was lucky, he could even escape the galaxy. Hux nodded with a deep understanding, “Anything.” “I don’t think I can do this. I’m not strong like him.” “You don’t have to be strong like him. You have to be stronger.” “Then I’m afraid Snoke scouted out the wrong person.” He watched the rain claw at him a little longer. It was growing desperate. “I keep pleading with the darkness to take me, but it won’t. I’m rejected over and over again by it.” “Murdering your own father wasn’t enough?” “No.” Kylo’s voice was a whisper, “What if I can’t do this?” “Well, then I’d start praying to whichever gods you believe in because Snoke will surely have your head.” Hux exited the ship without Kylo. His sides ached from the raw scars still crawling against his skin. He beat them until they started to bleed again and he could feel the hot liquid trickle down his lower back. The act was repeated until he was angry enough to follow Hux in the awful weather. Chapter 9 : Time is Running Out Summary: The final chapter of this anthology. This chapter is meant to come full circle with the first and ends just as chapter one begins. I'm debating doing an epilogue so if anyone is interested in one let me know! Kylo snuck into the halls for a quick breather. Snoke’s voice was still present and it spoke in a frigid indifference to Hux. Each word sank with more weight until Kylo was on the floor and reaching for his saber. The crimson light illuminated his chin and lips as he studied the weapon. He envied the blood it had cinched and wondered if there was any left – just one stain as a reminder of the courageous fool whose veins produced it. Someone who stood up for something. Who died for something. Kylo could do neither. He listened to the buzzing of this red sword and let his mind run wild. It leapt to memories of his childhood when the world was sweetly scented and tinted in pastels. Of when he wanted to be the next Han Solo. When he ran around his room in a pilot helmet pretending he was traveling the galaxy and discovering every star. Imagining the day when he could help people and play the hero. To receive a medal as his father did. To be respected as his mother was. To find his soulmate and get married as they both did. Then emerged the voice. And the darkness. And the fire. Then emerged Klyo Ren. A figure caught his eye and dragged him from his pitiful memories. It looked like a man about his age who scurried into one of the corridors. He jumped to his feet and followed the man’s footsteps. He chased him up to the deck, but never saw more of him than a few curls and edge of his shoes. He abandoned Kylo in an open room and left him with only the galaxy. The windows granted him a spectacular view of the sky and Kylo found himself drawn to it. He let go of the ghost and focused on what lived. He used to admire the universe from his ship. How the stars strung themselves together to create fairy tales. How the brightest specks were other worlds where people went about their days dreaming and surviving. Someone was at a bar where they sank beneath yesterday’s sorrows. Someone else was watching a row boat laced in petals and the bones of someone they cherished drift into the sea to burn. Someone was in a field of golden flowers experiencing their first love and someone else was waiting for the clock to tick a little faster so they could go home. Kylo was standing here wishing he were all and none of those people at once. There was a moment where he yearned to transcend the glass and embrace the permanent night. But it was only a moment. He somberly took off his gloves and exposed his arms. His saber was somberly lit and brought to the pale skin just barely covering his veins. His knuckles protruded in a mad attempt to escape his body as they felt the heat. It drew out beads of shimmering sweat, which connected to create their own distorted constellations. He watched for a while, pondering how much of himself he wanted to burn. Before a decision was reached the door opened and he put the weapon away. Hux joined him by the window and took off his cap to fiddle with as the galaxy continued breathing. Hux leaned his back against the glass so that he remained blind to the world. It took a certain person to gaze into the massive and permanent night sky for too long. Perhaps Hux didn’t need a reminder of how insignificant he was or maybe he didn’t want to look on at the worlds he’d helped destroy. Instead he looked to Kylo. “Do you know why he’s so intent on you finding this girl?” asked Hux. “Because the force is strong with her.” “The force is strong with whoever accepts it. There has to be more to someone if Snoke sets eyes on them.” Kylo let his own eyes sink into the back of his head while his colleague chatted. Normally there were others to block the sound or to interrupt. This new base was hauntingly solemn and the halls were washed of any conversation. There were no sighs. No coughs. No greetings. The silence pricked his back. “He chose me.” said Kylo. “Because of your grandfather. How nice it must be for Snoke to control Darth Vader’s own blood. You make for a fetching collector’s item.” “Maybe that’s why he found me, but he kept me because of my potential.” Kylo could that Hux was trying to mask his discontentment. Hux reminded him of a statue, but not one constructed in glory or for the purpose of remembrance. He was a statue built among other statues to form a wall. To make an empire appear more organized than it was. As time went on the other statues fell – either being crippled by brutes or sinking into an ever-rising sea. And here stood Hux – tangled in seaweed and sprinkled with damp sand – with a high head pretending that he could face the storms, winters, and solitary. He seemed collected, almost peaceful, but the sea raged behind him and threatened to break loose on his command. With one snap, he could swallow the world and he’d still be left standing with the same, dead expression. The sea grew savage. “Snoke chooses his pawns by blood, not by potential.” said Hux, “So now do you wonder why he chose that girl?” “No.” “Oh, don’t lie.” “He wants to train her before anyone else does. He doesn’t need another farm boy sneaking his way into the empire and undoing years of work.” Hux sighed and titled his head the other way. He didn’t seem to be enjoying their little chat, but it wasn’t solely because of Kylo. No, he had a long-held disappointment with the galaxy and Kylo was nothing more than confirmation. “He wants you because of your blood.” said Hux, “He wants her because of her soul.” “The soul of a Jedi?” “The soul of Darth Vader.” The silence between them grew and instead of the discomforting pricks of it barely touching his skin, it stung. Then it burnt. He found himself gripping his arm as if stopping the blood flow would help him to think or perhaps make him forget the events of the last week. The last decade. “I’ve met her.” said Kylo, “I don’t think they have the same agenda.” “Doesn’t matter what she’s like now. Snoke believes she’s the reincarnation of Anakin Skywalker.” The silence was driving him mad now. He watched something – comet, ship, chipped rock – drift past in a speck of light and tried to breathe. “Don’t tell me you believe in something that stupid.” “Why not? You believe in the Force and there are people out there who will tell you it’s all just a myth. That what you see as a mystical and precious is nothing more than a glorified hallucination.” “The Force isn’t the same as someone’s ghost choosing a new body. If reincarnation were real he wouldn’t be…” He started searching restlessly for the comet so that his mind would be preoccupied with anything else. Hux willingly gave him a moment, but Kylo’s mind was ringing with madness and one moment of silence wouldn't fix it. “He wouldn’t be what?” asked Hux, “A girl? A rebel? Some junkyard orphan with the social mannerisms of a savage?” “No, that’s not what I meant.” “Oh, then you meant he wasn’t you.” The comet was long gone and so was Kylo’s last nerve. His fingers trailed against the weapon at his side, prepping for the inevitable slashing. He could feel the pulse of the saber before he even lit it. What should he destroy first? The controls? Hux? The glass and sweep them all into the starlit void? Hux grabbed his wrist and tore the weapon away before he could decide. He lit it himself and pressed the crimson blade beneath Kylo’s chin so that he could feel the heat dripping from its edge. “Forgive me,” he said, “But I’m tired of cleaning up after you.” Kylo steadied his breath. He spoke in a calm manner, but his throat ached from weeping like a spoiled child this past week. The hollers he let out during his training session didn’t help soothe the raspy tone nor did his lack of rest. “I could suffocate you right now.” said Kylo, “I could fling you across this room until every bone under your skin snaps. All just by standing here.” Hux didn’t stand down. He edged the blade closer until it singed a flake of skin on Kylo’s neck and made him flinch. “You wouldn’t harm me.” Said Hux, “You had one vicious act in you and you used it.” “Give me the weapon.” Hux closed his eyes and breathed deeply. He was fighting the command, but his arms quivered without the mind’s consent. Kylo repeated himself. The saber flickered out and was placed into his open palm. Hux kept still as he stared longingly at the weapon. “Now,” said Kylo, “Tell me about Snoke’s theory.” He didn’t seem to be much in the mood for storytelling, but the choice wasn’t his to make. With an uneasy look he turned to the stars and thought of where to begin. “Years ago, around the time of her birth, Snoke felt a shift inside the Force. Not long after there were prophets claiming Anakin Skywalker had returned from the dead, but wearing the flesh of another. They strongly felt the presence of his soul in a young girl. They called it a reincarnation and Snoke didn’t doubt their judgment.” Kylo was silent. Another speck of light skated past in the distance. “Are there others who believe them?” “Those strong with the Force do. Surely, you must have felt it when you first saw her.” Kylo pressed a hand to his sore abdomen. “I knew we had a connection. Does she know?” “I doubt it. Unless your family has broken the news.” “I just thought – I thought I found someone like me.” “Kylo.” “I didn't want to be alone anymore.” Hux hesitated. He took Kylo’s wrist – the one gripping the saber for dear life – to restrain him. Kylo could feel his arms shaking madly and dropped the weapon before he killed them both. Hux took it away and placed it along the dashboard and had his body block it. “Snoke tried to get you killed by her back there.” “Why? He came back for me.” “Only because she escaped. He’s helping you get stronger so he can decide which pupil is more worthy of his attention. If she kills you then maybe the darkness in her will be awakened and he can initiate the second coming of Darth Vader.” “What if I win?” “Then he gains a better weapon. Although considering the results of your last duel, it’s a miracle we’re not burying you right now.” “She wouldn’t kill. Snoke would have a hard time persuading her.” “Snoke’s a convincing man. And let’s face it, you’ve made some powerful enemies in the past few days. Your own mother doesn’t want you in her house and your uncle ran from you. Do you really think they’d shed a tear at your demise?” “I’m not going to die.” “I told you, you had one devilish act and used it up. If you can’t kill her, you’ll be the one in the ground. And if it isn’t by her hands, it’ll be by Snoke’s.” Kylo didn’t blink for a long moment. His eyes focused on the dashboard and blurred the lights scattered throughout it. His heart ached and pounded against his chest for some sort of relief. It was difficult not to listen to its demands and suddenly his body was flinging itself towards the saber. Hux grabbed him and held him back, but he fought against it. He strained his arm reaching for the handle, but Hux shoved him back towards the other wall. As he stumbled, he grasped at the air and pulled it with him. He imagined it leaking out of Hux’s body like a drowning man. A mere foot away, Hux clutched at his throat and collapsed onto the floor. He pulled the saber down with him and lit it. As he lifted himself to his knees, he held the weapon out in front of him. Kylo tightened his grip until Hux fell onto his hands. The saber clashed against the floor and slid across to where Kylo patiently waited. He swept it up and spun it as Hux’s eyes bulged and dampened. His body shook more violently with every attempt to stand. Kylo paced towards him – saber illuminating his pale skin in crimson. Once he was close, he lowered it onto Hux’s shoulder as if knighting him. The man with the violet face glanced up at him with tears and saliva clinging to his skin. Kylo fell to one knee and kept the blade over Hux’s shoulder. “What a pity.” He released his control over Hux long enough for him to gain a handful of air. As his heart settled, the saber slid down gracefully and slow. Hux screeched as he clutched his shoulder while the detached limb rested at his side. The light faded as Kylo stood and left. The sun had long set by the time Kylo arrived at his mother’s home. Fireflies were peaking up from the long grass blades and eyed him curiously as he marched towards the front door. A single light burned in the front window to make it feel cozy. He stared at it longingly. He wondered what life may have been like if he’d never been sent away. Where he would be if the Force never came to him or he was never seduced into darkness? What if Snoke had never laid eyes on him and beat him until he was in constant state of mental misery. Perhaps he’d be that pilot he dreamed of. He could be lightyears away from all of this exploring the galaxy. Maybe he’d have a family of his own or at least someone to care for. He’d live in bliss. What a foreign concept. He knocked lightly on the door, but when there was no answer he banged on it. He hollered for his mother as the moons and stars watched above. He could feel his heart shutter with every beat and his mind and body ached. At last he stepped aside and opened it with the force. The lock made a crisp snapping sound as the door swung open. The light stretched over the threshold, but ceased at the tip of his boots. He hesitated at the sudden burst of soft gold, but his mind was still wild. His saber rested at his side and he hovered over it as he entered the cottage. “Mother.” he said, “We need to talk.” He heard someone shutting a drawer in the back room and gravitated towards it. This part of the house was dimly lit, but he could tell there was a figure moving about the shadows. It stood just out of the door frame and watched. Kylo slyly paced about the den. “Did you know?” he asked. “About reincarnation?” The figure in the doorway was silent. She listened to him and shuffled deeper into the darkness. He continued pacing and picked up speed with each step. His chest stung with anticipation and his shoulders shook. “This is why I’ve never seen his spirit. Why I felt so disconnected.” he laughed at himself. “My god, I’ve been praying to him my entire life and meanwhile he’s living in a junkyard like some rat. And you knew. You all fucking knew and you chose her over me. You took her in like she was your own, but you watched as I drowned in darkness. I needed you and you weren't there." He clutched the first table he could find and waited for this fit to be over. Only his body was flinging itself into a brutal rage and all he could do was sail along with the rising tides. The figure kept watch, patiently waiting for the same thing. Kylo hung his head low as he hunched over. “Do you know why Snoke tortures me?” he asked, "Because I'm not Anakin." He felt his eyes dampen and he turned towards the figure. “I’m going to die. Mother, can’t you help me?” The figure moved into the light, but she wasn’t Leia. Standing before him was the junkyard orphan with his grandfather’s light saber in one hand and a sack in the other. Kylo staggered back and almost took the table with him. “Where’s my mother?” “She’s with your uncle. They needed time to talk and told me to pick up a few things.” She lifted the bag as proof. “You know they only keep me close because they're afraid of me, right?" He snickered at her comment. "You harbor one of the most twisted souls in the galaxy and you're still probably a better a child to her than I was." He reached for his lightsaber and pointed it towards her. The electric fire buzzed and illuminated the darkness where Rey stood. She watched patiently and placed the bag at her feet. “I guess it’s for the best,” he said, “I wouldn’t want her to see this.” He marched towards her carefully, never allowing his eyes to skip away from the target. His environment became blurry in that moment. The den no longer existed and was instead this void where he was being flung. Waves of color crashed against him, but he couldn’t register their origins. He let the tide shred him apart until only the fear was left and, for Kylo Ren, fear led to rage. Through this chaotic perspective, he saw a line of blue blaze before him. It swiped at him, but he managed to block it. For the life of him, he couldn’t remember the proper way to fight, but his arms steered his weapon without hesitation or doubt. He was taken by the horrid emotions rising and crashing inside his bloodstream and his mind desperately tried to save him. Rey held little mercy for his episode. He couldn’t read her then, but he was shocked by the brashness of her fighting. She had been brutal before, but now there was something else pushing her along and motivating her to try harder – to hit harder. Before long he found himself backing out of the house and staggering across the lawn. The night air reached into his lungs and drew out a soft mist. It pounced on his skin and froze each bead of sweat clinging to his jawline. His skull was throbbing and he mistook the droplets of blood on his cheeks for rain. The sudden rush of cold air made him dizzy, but he couldn’t bring himself to end it. Snippets of a solid environment flickered in and out. He saw trees and a cliff side. He heard water rise and fall somewhere off in the distance. Nocturnal creatures whispered to one another as they witnessed the battle from afar. Kylo could see the cottage, but it was growing smaller. The field he had slept in not long ago seemed impossible to reach from where he stood. He felt hollow. His mind was absent from the living world and he felt something crash against his legs, which sent him to the grass. He staggered back to his feet, buy Rey shoved her boot into his gut and pushed him back into a tree. His ribs crackled like a dying campfire and the world slowed down to meet him. Part of him tried to stand, but his legs acted in betrayal and kept him grounded. He tried using this agony to fuel his rage, but that was also flickering out. All of that anger had risen in him like a terrible flame hellbent on destruction. The fire didn’t care if he was collateral damage, it just wanted to burn until everything around it was ash. Only now that fire was a pitiful flame. It cracked and cried and begged him to find more wood – to make it angry again, but he didn’t have the energy. Instead he watched the sky get darker and colder as he shivered beside a pile of dust, whimpering like a small child. He looked up at Rey who kept her distance. Her own mind seemed to be miles away – probably imagining herself somewhere else or wondering when his uncle and mother would return. She was the chosen one after all. Just the mere idea made him sick to his stomach, but with what he wasn’t sure. All his life he wanted to be envied and praised. To know he had honored his grandfather and maybe even surpassed him, but now he was lying on the ground with bloodied hands and chipped bones. He started to breathe strangely so that he wouldn’t weep in front of Rey, but she was still lost in thought. He was sure she was contemplating his demise. Perhaps the soul couldn’t bring itself to kill someone of its own blood, but then again what did it matter? Kylo had trained to become Darth Vader, but there would be no need for this poor man’s version when the Sith lord stood before him in the flesh. How dare he think he could ever be his grandfather. By the time Anakin Skywalker was his age he had accomplished amazing feats. And here Kylo was not yet finished with his training, not able to control himself, and not yet a master of the Force. He was told committing vicious acts would make him stronger, but he was still mourning a death he purposely caused. He fell to his side and began beating the ground. One hit for his weaknesses. One for envy. And one to show his disdain in the universe for not bringing back the dead. He felt the light calling him again and he dug his nails into the dirt. “I don’t want you.” he said. Rey gradually turned back and met his eyes. For the first time he saw a piece of himself in her. Tears and blood trickled down his skin as if his body were a creek. As the crescent moons curled behind a thin mist the two listened to the collapsing sea. Their eyes remained locked on the other. Both wanderers considering if they were no more than a cosmic mistake. Even the sky grew dimmer as if no longer wishing to see their faces. All he could see were fireflies blinking in and out from behind tall blades of grass and Rey’s shadowed figure a few steps away studying the same view.