“Get up.” She ached. Everything ached, he’d thrown her across the room again, and she had barely managed to resist him for a minute this time, a personal low. “No.” She groaned. She couldn’t see with his mask on, but she swore he raised an eyebrow. “Sorry?” “No. Sir.” “I’m going to count to five.” “I’m not a child!” “One…” “I’m not moving.” “Two, three, four...” “Not. Moving.” “Five.” In the same way he shoved her into the wall, the room sparked with the water-cold electricity of his power, she knew better to scream as she was dragged through the air landing painfully on her knees in front of him. Defiance was one thing, even just perhaps admirable – depending on her Master’s mood but that sign of weakness would not be so easily forgiven. With lightning quick reflexes he tipped up her chin and slapped her across the face. Unrepentant she moaned softly. Dragging her up by her ear, he marched her over to a nearby bench, tugged her leggings and panties down and pulled her over his knee, with a thump his helmet hit the ground. Good she liked him better with it off. “You.” He said annunciating each work with a hard smack. “Are. A. Insufferable. Brat.” Look who’s talking, she thought but very, very quietly. “I’m sorry master.” He laughed and spanked her ten times in quick succession before replying. “No you’re not, you’ve been begging me for a spanking since this morning.” His hand pushed between her legs and rubbed against her clit. For a moment she was oblivious to everything. “And you’re so wet you’re practically soaking me.” “Oh god, yes.” “Sir…” “Ow! Sorry yes sir.” With three more stinging smacks. He let her slide from his lap onto the ground kneeling between his knees. Glaring down at her with his gorgeous icy eyes. Surprised (and yes a little disappointed) that her punishment was so short lived, she reached out and tried to undo his belt, but he grabbed her wrists. “Go and get me the paddle, young lady. I don’t intend for this to be a pleasure trip. Believe me we haven’t even started, you may not be sorry yet, but you will be.” The paddle, her sore bottom tensed. “Oh sir, please.” “Don’t beg it’s beneath you.” He scolded. “Take your punishment like a good girl and shut up, just be grateful it’s not the cane.” Reluctantly, she went to the wall lined with other implements of discipline and retrieved the paddle he asked for from its hook. Wordlessly he pulled her back over his lap and smacked her hard with on the back of her thighs before he began lecturing again. “As my student, I expect your absolute obedience, isn’t that right madam? Or would you prefer if I dropped you back off in –“ “No sir!” The interruption earned her a particularly hard smack on her sit spots. But he didn’t peruse it. Kylo Ren had to admit that at first he’d been concerned taking on a student who seemed to enjoy punishment as much as pleasure and the first time he smacked her with a riding crop for forgetting to call him sir and her eyes almost rolled into the back of her head with euphoria, he had been rather taken aback. But in a strange way her fear of him and his anger mixed equally with her unending desire to be tamed, man handled, dominated by her dark handsome master, tied them together. She was delightfully submissive when she wanted to be and her disobediences were rare and mainly for attention like today. Though it did not stop him from punishing them thoroughly, Kylo Ren’s lip curled. Her bottom was becoming redder and redder and her legs were kicking in the air, but he was determined to make her cry, to crush her by the palm (or rather paddle) of his hand. “Why are you here?” He asked in a sing song voice. Her voice sounded wet when she replied. “Because I disobeyed you master.” “And this is what happens to naughty disobedient little girls isn’t it hmm?” “Yes sir!” “They go over their master’s knee and get soundly spanked on their bare bottoms.” She let out a sound, a half sob a half groan. Ren smirked. “Are you going to be a good girl for me?” “Yes sir.” She howled. Abandoning the paddle he let her lie there gently stroking her hair while she calmed down. She was very red, it would surprise neither of them if she bruised, but she had had worse and would have worse. When she was quiet he pulled up her panties, her leggings had long been kicked away and dropped her down into the same position she had knelt in earlier, between his legs. “I believe there was something you wanted to give me dearest.” He said, standing up and unbuckling his belt, eagerly she reached for his cock already hard from punishing her, but once again he grabbed her wrists pinning them behind her head. “No touching.” He ordered and pushed himself into her pretty little mouth. She gagged slightly, but continued to fuck him with her mouth rocking back and forth with his thrusts until at last he came. Re-buckling his belt and picking up his helmet. He turned and was surprised to find as he left her, obediently kneeling in position lost in sub space. Bending down he rewarded her with a rare kiss on her forehead. “Go to your room and rest. I ll join you later to return your favor.” She smiled as he swept from the room. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Master and Pupil series Next Work →