"Hey buddy, come check this one out!" Finn didn't know what he'd done to deserve this fate, but there he was in a crowded shelter surrounded by needy, adorable balls of fluff all begging him to take them home. The one cat limit on their apartment had his skin crawling; how could he possibly just pick one? To make matters so much worse, his roommate was beckoning him over, and it wasn't the kitten in his hands that had Finn cursing under his breath. Finn had a hard time not ogling Poe on a daily basis, but right now Poe was absolutely radiant. His face lit up like a sun the second they entered the shelter, each cat they checked out making his grin stretch across his lovely face and lines crease next to his dark eyes. Finn stood back and let Poe's enthusiasm lead the way as he trailed behind, checking every minute or so to make sure his jaw wasn't on the floor. He couldn't shrug off the suspicion that Rey had told them to go together on purpose. She was always up to something lately. "What'd you find?" Finn leaned over the back of Poe's crouched figure to see patterns of orange and white. It was so small it could probably fit in the palm of one hand, but Poe gently cradled it in both hands as it purred against his skin. "This is it. This is the one." Something in Poe's voice had Finn kneeling next to him to get a look at his face. When he was level with Poe he sucked a deep breath. Poe looked like he was crying . His eyes were watering and his smile was gone, replaced with an awe-struck expression. Finn wished more than anything that Poe would look at him like that. He shoved the feeling down quickly. "Are you sure? Because we can only get one, you know," Finn said. Poe nodded frantically and turned a bright smile in Finn's direction, eyes still wet. "Yes, I'm sure. I want this one. He's perfect." Ten minutes later they found themselves in the shelter office with a cute intern named Samantha. She handed them a few papers they had to sign and brought the kitten out in a cardboard carrier. Poe filled out the paperwork as Finn stuck his fingers through the holes in the cardboard. A tiny set of claws shot out and whacked him but it didn't even break the skin. "So who will the kitten's father be?" The intern asked as she took a few pages away from Poe. "Both of us," Finn responded on impulse, and immediately wanted to kick himself. Samantha's eyes lit up as she looked back and forth between the two men. Finn felt his face heat up. "I mean, because we're both here adopting him, so we're both - not that we're - you get what I'm saying right?" "He's right, we're both his fathers. I'm daddy and he's papa," Poe winked and Finn wanted to dig a very deep hole, crawl in it, and never come out. "Aww, that's so sweet! Adopting a pet together is a big step. You must be very serious about each other!" "Oh, we are." Poe had a twinkle in his eyes that Finn didn't like in the slightest. He cleared his throat and busied himself with letting the kitten claw at his fingers. Rey was ecstatic when they got home and took BB-8 out of the cardboard carrier. The kitten wobbled around excitedly, bumping into objects and meowing. After a brief stint of running around he curled up in Rey's lap and fell asleep, small belly rising and falling. "Odd name for a cat," Rey said quietly as she stroked his head. "Well, I figured he at least had to have a weirder name than mine," Poe grinned. Finn decided he's had enough of that face for one day. He retired to his room. A few minutes later he heard a knock on the door. "Come in!" The regret was instant as Poe entered and shut the door lightly behind him. He was wearing plaid pajama bottoms and a white tank top now, and Finn averted his eyes. "Hey, I just wanted to thank you for coming with me to get BB-8 today. I liked having you there," Poe said with a soft smile. Finn wanted to smile back, tell him it was no problem, and say goodnight but questions burned in his head and he wouldn't be able to sleep if he didn't ask, he just knew it. "Poe...why didn't you correct the intern when she thought we were dating?" Finn stared at his blanket as he spoke, picking lint off the edges. Silence filled the room for too long to be comfortable. "I don't know, I guess I just thought it'd be fun to mess with her." "And me." "What?" Finn looked up then and was surprised to see Poe looking unusually uncomfortable. "You messed with me too. Why?" "It was just harmless fun, Finn." But Poe couldn't look him in the eyes, and Finn was no idiot. "You're lying. Come, sit." Finn patted the spot next to him and watched, just a little amused, as Poe dragged his feet across the floor, clearly uncomfortable now. "Talk to me." "I just...I liked it." "Liked what?" Finn attempted to smash the tiny shred of hope building within him. "People thinking we were together. It felt nice. To have them think that I was yours and you were mine." Poe looked at him then and attempted a playful smile but it fell flat. In that instant Finn felt like he was seeing a vulnerability Poe had never shown before. Wordlessly, he reached a shaking hand out and took Poe's. Their fingers twined instantly. "You know, if you wanted us to be a thing you could have just asked. Adopting a cat was a bit overboard," Finn said playfully. Poe laughed and leaned over, eyes sparkling and face mere inches from Finn's. "I won't pretend that getting the cat was an act of selflessness, I wanted him too bad. Kind of like someone else I know." Poe leaned in the rest of the way and brushed his lips against Finn's. The kiss was so gentle and reserved, yet when Poe pulled away Finn have him a wide smile and let out a sigh of satisfaction. "Well, now that we have a child together I think we should discuss our parental duties," Finn said with a mischievous smirk. "What do you say, daddy?" Finn would never forget Poe's burst of laughter or his crimson blush. Notes: Please let me know what you thought, and feel free to leave requests! This is the first full fanfic I've written in about a year so I apologise if it's a bit odd. For my lovely fiancee! Also, follow me on tumblr at transgaypoedameron! :D