You and your boyfriend were walking through the Jakku village, just talking. He had said something earlier about how terrible of a pilot you are, which you resented. Your boyfriend said things like that a lot. You felt like he didn't appreciate you. "Excuse me, but I am a damn good pilot, and if I hear you insult me one more time, I'm done. It's all you ever seem to do," you snap after he mentions how bad he thinks you are at flying again. "Excuse ME, (Y/N), but I wouldn't leave me if I were you. No one else would put up with you, you'd be alone forever." Angry tears burned at your eyes. "I-I just can't deal with this right now," you told him before walking away, too tired to take out your rage that was building up inside you. Glad that he didn't follow you, you soon found your best friend, Rey. You had met her one random day a few years back, accidentally ran into one another. Quite literally. "Hi Rey!" you smiled, feeling happiness as a result of seeing her, something you had not felt with your boyfriend. "Hello, (Y/N), I've missed you!" she replied, hugging you tightly. She noticed your puffy reddened eyes. "Have you been crying?" "Oh, it's nothing, really, just allergies, I guess," you said, wiping away your tears. You didn't like crying in front of people. "Are you sure?" Rey questioned. She could always tell. "Well, I've been getting into a lot of fights with my boyfriend, he won't stop berating me and I just can't handle it anymore! He thinks I'm worthless!" you finally sob, breaking down into tears. Rey wraps her arms around you, and you lean into her shoulder. "You shouldn't be with him. You don't deserve this, you're the most wonderful person I have ever met," she tells you, trying to sound calming, but you could hear anger in her voice. Not directed towards you, of course, but towards your terrible, terrible boyfriend. You let yourself stay in Rey's arms for a while, and she lets you finish your crying. Eventually, though, your boyfriend finds you. "Hey, I'm not finished with you!" he yells, grabbing you and pulling you away from your friend. "Well I'm finished with you!" you retort, glaring at him. He starts yelling and yelling at you, and honestly, you tune most of it out. You're so done with him. Suddenly, his hand strikes your face. Before you have much time to react, Rey comes rushing at him with a fury you had never seen in her. She punched him square in the face. And again. And again. Long story short, he ended up on the ground, clutching his injured head. You and Rey walked away from him, back to the place she called home. When you got there, you had already thanked her about a thousand times. But you did it again. After that, you did something a bit rash. You kissed her. It just felt like the right thing to do. You weren't sure if you had ever actually loved your boyfriend. But you knew that you loved Rey. She kissed you back, and you were relieved by it, worried that she might not feel the same way. After what seemed like an eternity, you pulled away. You smiled widely at each other. It was the beginning of a beautiful new chapter in your relationship with Rey, and you couldn't be happier about it. Notes: hope you enjoyed!