The first time he sees the scavenger again, she is trapped. Kylo Ren senses her long before Snoke summons him, long before he approaches the room where she is held, long before she even arrived at the base. He is always sensing her — there, in the periphery. Pressing onto him like a bruise he doesn’t remember he has until something touches it, and that slightest bit of pressure makes the ache impossible to ignore. Following her energy is as effortless as a magnet meeting a metal surface. He walks through the halls that lead to her cell, and he can feel her so clearly that she seems to be mocking him with her calm. With her peace. His former master’s work, no doubt. When he strides into the room, Hux is already there, waiting with his usual air of impatience. Ren can’t see the girl past the bulky chair where she is imprisoned. He wonders why she hasn’t made quick work of Hux, who he imagines would not be much of a match for her will, but the question is answered in another moment. “Her friends face immediate execution if she does not comply.” Ren feels a familiar flash of irritation. It is Hux’s greatest pleasure to revel in knowing even the tiniest shreds of information before he does, and find any way he can to lord it over him. Sure enough, he can see the glint in the other man’s eye, anticipating Ren’s reaction. “Comply?” he asks tersely. Hux’s answer is swift. “The Supreme Leader has ordered you to breed her.” Ren feels something constrict in his chest, something that he takes an extreme amount of care not to expose on his face. He opens his mouth, and for the first time in a long time he is not entirely sure what to say next — but the girl saves him the trouble when he hears a quick rattle of her throat and the sound of her spitting so viciously that it sprays a murky red color from Hux’s face to his belt. “Why, you little ....” He reaches for her throat in an instant, but Ren is quicker, immediately stopping him. Hux’s eyes wrench off of the girl to meet his, murderous. “I can hardly breed her if you kill her,” he says. Hux relents, however bitterly, shoving his arm back down of his own free will. There is malice in his expression when he says, “The Supreme Leader has made it clear that if she resists, her friends die at once.” He turns to the girl as if it pains him to acknowledge her for a second more. “And trust me. He’ll know.” With a curt nod, Hux dismisses himself from the room. For a few moments Ren doesn’t move, and neither does the girl. It is so quiet that he can feel the ship humming under his feet. He doesn’t understand until just now that he has been waiting for this moment when he would see her once more, waiting for it for longer than he can admit to himself, and now that she is here he has no idea how to proceed. Carefully, cautiously, he probes into her mind—and in an instant, her calm is replaced with a resolve to steely that he takes a step back, barely containing a gasp. “That won’t work anymore,” she says curtly. She is still obscured by the back of the chair, out of his sight. For some reason the sound of her voice, out in the open, is jarring to him. For so long he has heard it only in his thoughts that he has forgotten the ring of defiance in it, the way she talks to him between her teeth. He isn’t expecting her to speak again so soon. “You don’t want to do this.” For a moment he cannot tell if she is stating a fact, or attempting to compel him with the Force. But he feels nothing. He cannot pretend to predict what she will do or how she will do it — she has been as unpredictable as a force of nature since he first came to know her — but he knows that if she were trying to compel him, he would know. Immediately. “No,” he says. “I don’t.” Her calm is back, infuriating with how steady it is. He is sure she can sense every beat of his heart, every irregularity in his breath. She hasn’t even moved and already she is making a fool of him. He has to face her. He has wanted to face her, needed to. But in every imagining of their next encounter, they were engaged in battle—equals this time, with Ren at his full capacity, able to best her in a fair fight and show her the weakness of the Light she so desperately clung to, the same Light that left her abandoned her on that desert planet for dead. It would satisfy the pride she had wounded, and prove the point he desperately needed her, a soul more kindred to his than any other, to understand. His feet seem to move of their own accord, stepping in front of the chair. It has been a year since he last saw her, but the connection is so instant, so familiar, that it almost feels as if it has strengthened in distance and in time. She does not shrink from him, the fire in her eyes meeting the ice in his. She is restrained this time with her arms above her. Her hair is half-splayed across her face, in tangles at her collarbone, torn out of its buns. Her cheeks are marred with dirt, and dripping blood from a blow somewhere nestled in her hair. Another wound has soaked through her shoulder, staining the Resistance uniform that looks so out of place on her slight frame. “Where is your mask?” she asks. She is stalling. So is he. He takes another step toward her, knowing instinctively that she will not flinch away from him. As he brushes the stray her from her face, he can sense the ripple of disgust it elicits even as she actively blocks him out of her mind. He realizes midway through the gesture that he has made a mistake; rather than intimidating her, he was only made how the glaring strength of their connection even more obvious. “You’ve been training with him .” The girl doesn’t answer. “Funny, isn’t it,” he says, turning from her. “The most revered Jedi in the galaxy sends a scavenger to do his dirty work. Cowardly as ever, I see.” If his comments upset her, he cannot feel it. She is a mess to behold, but the surfaces of her mind are cool and smooth as marble. Don’t do this . He rounds on her savagely. “You stay out of my head,” he growls before he can stop himself. He moves quickly, his face a mere inch from hers, spitting into her face. “ Out .” His defenses were lowered; he has spent so much time trying to ignore the connection between them that he had no idea it had escalated to this extent. That she and her powers had escalated to this extent. Judging by the way her eyes widen, she wasn’t expecting to be able to get through to him either. Ren leans away from her. Takes a breath. “I don’t want this anymore than you do,” he snarls. Then leave . “Get out! ” he bellows at her. He doesn’t take his eyes off her, stricken with the ease with which he heard her, clearly, firmly, as if none of his defenses were up at all. She cut through them as cleanly as the saber that now burns latent in his robes, and he is possessed for an instant with the urge to draw it out now, to hold it to that delicate neck of hers and watch her reel the way he is reeling now. Their eyes connect again, and then his veins go cold. He knows this feeling. He freezes, looking without seeing, anticipating the wave of Snoke’s rage as he pushes through Ren’s conscious with a familiar brutality. All of his insides seem to seize, and in that instant Ren knows — Snoke is close. Closer than he has been in years. And he will not rest until his command is satisfied. He is briefly rattled out of his agony the moment the scavenger opens her mouth and screams. “ No! ” she says, thrashing against some invisible force. At once the calm is disintegrated, replaced by a panic that smells metallic in his nostrils, that rings between his ears. He can feel it, all of it, her fear, her desperation, her nausea. He takes a step toward her, sure this is Snoke’s work, but then she chokes out the words that betray her: “ Don’t hurt him! Stop , please, stop , I’ll do whatever you want, please, don’t hurt him—” “Quiet,” Ren commands fiercely. “This is beneath you—” “ Finn ,” she screams, senseless, rattling her bindings, her body pitching forward and slapping back against the cool metal. Her eyes connect with his because they are the only thing she can find, and he sees a madness reflected in them that he recognizes, one that catches him off guard. “They’re killing him, they’re killing him—” He takes a step forward and presses his lips to hers, her scream erupting in his mouth before stopping so suddenly that they might have stolen the air in the room; at that precise moment he feels Snoke releasing the threat of his hold on him. They aren’t kissing, not really, their mouths rough and unfeeling on each other, both of them coming to a grim understanding at the same time — this happens, or something much worse happens instead. They pull apart, panting into each other’s faces. “You have to do it,” she says, choking on the words. He feels the panic radiating off of her like they are both being consumed in its tidal wave, and ruefully thinks of how he was irritated by her calm a mere minute ago. He hates her for this—for having this control over him, right here in this place and in his dreams and in any waking moment he happens to let his focus slip, there she is, the intolerable, fierce, relentless scavenger girl who— “I don’t have to do anything ,” he says. Just as soon as the sentiment leaves his mouth, Snoke is at it again; Ren has to turn his back to the girl. The pressure on his throat is unendurable, screaming in his head in an instant. He can’t breathe. He stands there and takes it for a second, two seconds, three seconds, four— “ Please ,” the girl screams, as some unseen blow must rain down on her companion in another holding room, “just do it —” He has no choice. Not if he wants to live. He turns to her, so bitter in having to acquiesce to her request that his teeth slam into hers hard enough to knock her head against the metal. She gasps into his mouth, and there is something in that shuddering breath that moves him in some small, unsteady way. He grabs her face with both of his gloved hands, and on instinct she struggles away, but he holds her firm. This is a show , he is thinking to himself, we have to put on a show— Okay . He hadn’t realized she could hear him until she is there, plainly in his stream of consciousness that it might as well be hers. Their eyes snap open and their lips part, too stunned to be angry, too stunned to try and understand the ramifications of it. “He’s going to hurt F—” Ren clamps a hand roughly over her mouth. “Don’t say that name again,” he warns her. He will not hear the so-called name of that traitor uttered in his presence. And she should know better than this, than to show her weakness so readily, so obviously. Her cries for him are her own suicide, in a place like this. Apparently her new master hadn’t yet driven that important lesson home. Okay , she says again, in his head. The word is starting to infuriate him. She juts her chin up at him, sensing the rage that simmers just under his skin, and there in something anchoring in it. “Just get it over with,” she says curtly. “Whatever you have to do.” The question slips out of him before he can stop himself: “Have you not done this before?” The mortification is sharp and short, under control almost as soon as she feels it, but too late to stop him from feeling it in its full force. He knows she will not answer him, but that is the only answer he really needs—of course she hasn’t. She has been on that godforsaken planet for years, with hardly another humanoid in sight, and then under his supervision. He feels a twinge of impatience. He wants no part in this. He rarely partakes in activities of this kind as it is; just enough times that he can’t remember the number off hand, on missions off-base. He enjoyed the feeling, but it had no power over him. He had never had relations with the same woman more than once, and had no desire to—once it was over, it was over, the want dulled until another opportunity happened to arise. The key to this, of course, was that the women were all experienced—in some cases, far more than he was. He had no patience for anything else, and his patience for the scavenger is dwindling by the second. “Do you even know how this works?” he snaps. She scowls at him. “Of course.” She takes in a shuddering, determined breath. “So … let’s go, then. Let’s get it over with.” “You aren’t exactly making this enticing ,” he mutters with poorly contained fury. “I’m sorry ,” she says, her voice dripping with malice, her fear whipping out like a thousand tiny tendrils in the space between them, “that I couldn’t be more accommodating — ” He kisses her again, if only to drive out the nuisance of her talking. He cannot tell if he is absorbing her fear, or if he is dreading this of his own accord; while he can plainly acknowledge her beauty, he has never thought of the girl in this way, and for a moment there is a flicker of doubt as to whether he can carry out the task himself. For a sickening moment he envies her, the person this is happening to rather than the one forced to do it. Swiftly, he finds the front zipper of her flight uniform and wrenches it downward, like ripping the bandage off of a wound. He feels the hot panic radiating off of her in waves and draws back, unprepared for the effect of her naked, shuddering chest before him. Seeing her so utterly exposed, so fierce and so breakable, her chest flushed at the skin and marred with a streak of blood. She is like an animal to him, something beyond his control, beyond his ability to comprehend. She has shut her eyes. Don’t . She ignores him, and it almost scares him, how powerless he feels beholding her—how wrong he was to think he wouldn’t be. He comes back to himself in an instant, removing his gloves, shedding his outer cape. He knows that she senses his hand before he reaches out to cup one of her small, rosy-nippled breasts, but she flinches just the same. The nipple hardens in the the palm of his hand, and he feels a warm, tightening rush in his abdomen. Is this necessary? He pushes the hand and squeezes her breast roughly, hating himself for feeling the sting of her judgment. He is so far beyond anyone else’s that it the feeling is both disarming and unwelcome. But she is right; this isn’t necessary. The gesture was thoughtless, crude, but somehow the temptation of it swayed him. Temptation. He pulls his hand away at that thought, afraid that she has sensed it, afraid that it is beating out of his lungs and carrying in his breath. Who is she, to tempt him? A lowly, bleeding, unworthy scavenger . Slowly now, with more control, more deliberation, he unbuttons the pants to her flight uniform, and pulls them down to expose her legs. The backs of his hands graze the goosebumps that grace the bronze skin of her thighs, and the pants cascade down to her ankles, exposing narrow, muscular calves. He stares uninhibitedly, unaware that she has opened her eyes until she speaks again. “What now?” He remembers, with a brutal clarity, the words he said to her in the heat of battle that night: You need a teacher . Now he looks at her, her brown eyes swimming with the kind of trepidation that he has never faced in another human being, feeling the shame mingle with his desire. When he made her that offer that night, dangling over a cliff edge, one hard push of his lightsaber away from her death, this was the very last thing he intended. She is a fierce adversary. She would make an even better ally. And the two of them are far too superior to be reduced to what is happening to them right now. He steels himself, feeling a faint aftershock of the pain Snoke inflicted earlier, reminding him of the consequence of his disobedience. She cringes, feeling it as he feels it; there is no escaping this inevitability, not for either of them. But while Snoke is orchestrating it, he is not the one pulling the strings. Staring at the girl, exposed and lovely and and altogether too pure for his taste, he decides that if this must be done tonight, it will be done on his terms and his terms alone. Chapter 2 The air in the room is so thick that Ren can feel the phantom of Snoke’s power around his neck. The girl stares back at him, her eyes unfocused—no. Focused. On the scar that still runs the length of his face, the healed skin red around the edges. The one he refused to have altered or removed. The one that serves as his constant reminder in every damn reflective surface in this base of his weakness; but more importantly, a constant reminder that the scavenger girl is not so far from the Darkness herself that she cannot be lured into it. He pushes the thought from his mind now. It has no place here. “What were you even doing here?” he asks. Her half-naked body shivers before him, her focus too far gone for her to master herself. “You know I won’t tell you anything.” “Not right now, you won’t,” he says. “But soon, maybe. How long do you think it will take for them to finish your friend while we stand here discussing it?” Her eyes flash up at him. “You are every bit as bound to this as I am,” she says, though there is a tinge of panic in her voice that undermines whatever confidence she has. “But unlike you,” he says, cutting through her defiance, “I have all the time in the world.” For a few beats there is nothing but the sound of her breathing, ragged and pained. It is a contest of wills, and she knows that hers is worth nothing here, knows that she has no choice but to make this happen. He has the upper hand now; there is nobody dear enough to him that he could not bear to lose. And neither of them wants this. That is what he tells himself as he beholds her, as he cannot stop himself from beholding her. Neither of them wants this, and if she is going to remind him of that with every sweep of her terrified eyes, then he is going to remind her that of the two people still in this room, he is still the one who has some measure of control. “Please.” Her voice is faint, the word coming out in a breath. It is what he wanted to hear. He didn’t expect to hear it so soon. “Excuse me?” he says quietly. This time it is bitter, through her teeth: “ Please .” When he turns and sees the malice in her eyes, he is stricken with an odd sense of relief. She looks more like herself—focused. Furious. Powerful. If he were going to take her, this is the only way that he could. “Please what?” he asks. The hatred in her eyes is so palpable that he can feel it burning his skin, electrifying him. The feeling returns—that unfamiliar pulse, that tightening in his abdomen, that strange and unknown thing unfurling in a dark place within him. The sour taste he cannot help but savor. The bruise he cannot help but press. “Take me,” she says, the words incongruous with the scowl on her face but somehow all the more compelling for it. “ Please .” Faintly, in an unwelcome, weak moment, he imagines her asking this someplace else. He imagines her naked, her skin unmarred by battle, her strong, skinny limbs tangled in the dark sheets of the bed in his quarters. He imagines her face flush with want instead of fear; imagines her begging him in this same way, her eyes hungry for him; imagines how it would feel, her arms free from those bindings, wrapped around him, touching him, knowing him— The vision gone as soon as he fathoms it, swallowed down like bile, but the aftershocks of it remain. With every step he takes closer to her, the more his desire swells; with every step he takes closer to her, the more he feels her fear and her defiance and her hatred spilling into him like boiling water out of a pot. He could take her right now, like this. It would be easy for him. He is uncomfortably ready, more so with every heave of her breast, with every shiver that runs up her spine. But he cannot. He can taste every brutal thought she leaves unsaid, feel her terror as if it is in the marrow of her bones. He fears that whatever he does to her will be wrought similarly onto him; no, he knows it will. The connection is too strong. He pushes past his want, his need, and lowers his right hand to press down on her nub. She cringes, her body clenching in anticipation — he knows what she is expecting, even if she has never had to expect it before. It is primal, innate, seeping underneath every careful teaching, every practiced restraint, every meditation and calculation and will. But he does not penetrate her just yet, rubbing her, slowly, steadily. After a few moments her eyes focus on his again, her breath coming in pants. What are you …? “This will be highly unpleasant for both of us if you’re not ready,” he says. She shakes her head at him. He knows — she wants this finished quickly. She doesn’t understand that it will do nothing to spare her friends for more than a few minutes before their inevitable execution. They were all dead, the lot of them, the moment that they were captured, and nothing she does here right now will change that. No. She does know. But she will not let them suffer, even in the face of death, on her account. It is the exact kind of weakness he was trying to save her from, and now they are both paying the price for her mistake. He presses deeper into her nub, methodically, steadily, the way he has seen the other women he was with pleasure themselves. He is not accustomed to being a part of this process, but well enough aware of it to mimic it. The color rises into her cheeks, and her eyebrows lift out of their scowl, and— Oh. It crashes into him unexpectedly, that first tremor of her pleasure, unbidden and unfamiliar. She gasps, her breath hitching, and he catches it with his mouth, kissing her fiercely. Is this necessary? he remembers her asking, and some distant part of him says No, none of this is — it could be over in a few minutes and forgotten, finished, done — but he cannot pull himself from her, cannot alter his course. He presses his fingers harder now, faster, anticipating her need as he feels the slow crescendo of her confusion and her pleasure mingling with her fear. “What is this?” she asks breathily, her lean body writhing slightly despite her best efforts to stay still. “I feel …” He knows what she feels, because he is feeling the echo of it as if her every sensation is reflected back at him in a mirror. He moves closer to her, the heat of his body overwhelming the cold of hers. She was not exaggerating — she has not done this before, has not done anything like it, and he can feel the swell of her curiosity and the desire she is fighting to reconcile. “What …” She cannot fathom it, cannot make sense of it, and it is delicious, pulsing through him in waves. She is panting, but not yet beyond herself. “What are you …” She is wet between his fingers, malleable, reliant. He probes with one finger toward her entrance, feeling the slick readiness of it. But no, not yet. He wants to savor this. He wants to watch her squirm, wants to watch her driven mad, wants her senseless and begging and powerless to his touch. He wants to feel the pleasure coursing through her, wants to claim it as his own, feel it flooding through unfamiliar parts of him that are humming to life as if this is every bit his first as hers. The tiniest whine escapes her, and she clamps her mouth shut, determined to silence herself. He looks away from her, the barest of smirks threatening to curl on his lip; try as she may, she cannot lie when he is privy to every thought, every sensation, every unfurled wandering of her mind. “Nobody’s ever done this to you before?” he asks. He wants her to hear his voice, wants her to remember who is touching her even in the moments that her eyes flutter shut. “No,” she says, determined not to look at him. “You’ve never thought to touch yourself here,” he says, his fingers making quick work of her. “Never wondered how it would feel.” “No, ” she says, her effort to quiet herself backfiring as the word gasps out of her, betraying her. Gently, almost cautiously, he takes one finger and finds the softness of her opening; she is so wet that it slides in before he even fully intends to. He can tell from the frayed edges of her thoughts that she doesn't know that he is inside of her that way, but her body reacts to what her mind hasn’t yet processed, bucking slightly toward him and stifling the beginnings of a moan. Her pleasure shudders through him, and when he slides the second finger in her eyes widen with sudden understanding. “ Oh …” There is a fine sheen of sweat on her brow now, mixing with the grime, the dirt, the blood. Ren watches as piece by piece he begins to unravel her, her reluctance giving way to desire, her fear giving way to a deep, carnal longing for this unknown. He has never pleasured a woman in this way, never even fantasized of it, but in this moment this dirty, savage girl is perhaps the most captivating sight he has ever beheld. He has known power, he has known control — but not like this. Not in the reverent way that she breathes for him, her heart beats for him, her blood surges for him. He starts to rhythmically press up against the walls of her entrance with his fingers, an aching slowness. “This isn’t how,” she gasps, “I thought — that this was supposed to — ” “There are a great number of thoughts you’ve had that are wrong,” he says lowly, pressing his face closer to hers. At this she looks away from him, and he knows where she has gone in her mind—knows because he has seen it, has lived it, has dreamed of it on the nights he has let her consciousness follow him to bed. The loneliness. The uncertainty. The moments even in Skywalker’s tutelage that she felt doubtful, then wracked with guilt; the moments she felt the full, unbridled fury of the years of abandonment; the moments he is sure that, with just enough care, he could harness the clear Darkness the lurks inside of her pale form. He presses his fingers deeper into her, startling her back to this moment now, to the inches of space between them and their breath in each other’s faces. “What did you think this would feel like?” he asks her. She doesn’t answer. She doesn’t have one. He imagines her under that broken down AT-AT in Jakku that he saw in her mind, stripped to her skivvies in the night, her eyes closed and her body curled into something small and precious, her dreams too stubborn with hope to wander to this distant place they are right now. Perhaps he is shattering that girl. Perhaps he is awakening her. The way she is looking at him now, he could easily believe that it is both. “Oh, god,” she says, shuddering, sounding almost scared. “ What is …” He feels the first ripple of the beginnings of her orgasm; he draws back slightly, torturously, slowing the rhythm of his fingers. Instinctively she tries to bear down on his fingers again, despite her restraints; she catches herself, halting at once, crushing her eyes shut in shame. He allows himself the barest of smiles as he pulls his fingers in and out of her, bringing her to the edge and pulling her back, a slow and agonizing tide. “I’m going to …” Just hearing her say the words is more overwhelming than any sensation he has ever felt; and like the rage he has tried so hard to master, the turmoil he has tried so hard to conceal, he finds himself unable to resist its call. In the next moment he is using his other hand to remove his belt, to expose his hardened, aching member. Her eyes widen beholding it, her fear and her want unable to reconcile themselves within her. He pushes his fingers up deeper into her again, pressing into the fleshy, vulnerable parts of her with the curve of his fingers, and he knows it will only be seconds now. “I’m going to …” She doesn’t even know what is coming. He feels her ignorance giving way to senselessness, feels the pleasure mounting in her until it reaches its inevitable conclusion, feels her awe and her dismay and her wonder. Her breath hitches all the way up. “Oh, god , I’m going to—” He cannot bear it one moment longer. He pulls his fingers out of her and presses his member against her, sliding into her as the crash of her orgasm makes her cry out, her voice echoing through the room and into some impossible, untouchable place in his heart. He thrusts slowly, knowing that any pain she feels will only be reflected back at him, but in the throes of her orgasm she has forgotten herself—with what little give the restraints have, she presses herself down on him, pushing him into her until she is completely full of him. He feels the ripple of her orgasm clenching and unclenching around him, and even he cannot suppress the groan that escapes him, low and feral and unlike any sound he has ever made. “ Rey .” He grabs her tiny hips, bracing her body, soaking in every inch of her. With her strung up like this they are at eye level, staring so deeply into each other than for a few blistering, blissful moments, he cannot tell where his thoughts begin and hers end. As she comes down from the high of her orgasm, he slows his pace, pressing into her carefully despite the scream of want that is curling in his midsection. For almost a minute they stay like that, staring at each other with a quiet, stunned kind of wonder as he draws in, draws back, savoring every inch of her tight walls around him. He is so lost in her that when a single tear rolls down her cheek, he thoughtlessly thumbs it away from her face. “It hurts?” he asks. She shakes her head. “No,” she says, her voice a little wobbly. “It … it doesn’t.” His hand lingers there on her face, cupping her cheek. He cannot remember to hate her. He cannot remember not to trust her. He cannot remember to shut her out of his mind. And he can tell in the wariness in her eyes, the flush of her cheeks, that she is still on guard; that even now, there is a part of her remembering to fear him, to anticipate him. He thought he was in control, but he sees now that he is truly the powerless one here. With every moment he is inside her, he is more and more at her mercy. Once he feels the swell of her desire begin to match his once more, he thrusts harder, faster. One hand on her face, another on her hips, her eyes bearing into his unflinchingly. In the moments before he spills into her, he is torn by a sudden regret — he knows, deep in his bones, that this is it for them. That he will never have her in this way, and she will never have him. And now it is over, seemingly as soon as it began. Perhaps he could have prolonged it for the sake of that, but she gasps out from under him again, and the unexpectedness of her second orgasm rips through him — and then he is undone, adrift, paralyzed by the crashing wave of her. Those pulsing seconds that they ride out their pleasure together are overwhelming with their infinity. He does not recognize himself, does not remember the past or care for the present — there is only this moment spiraling on and on and on until he is simultaneously terrified that it will never end and hoping it lasts for eternity. Sometime later — a few seconds, a few lifetimes — they are breathing into each other’s faces. Unconsciously, as if he is some shadow of himself, he presses his lips to hers. It is tender and bare and over before either of them can question it. By the time he slides out of her, it is as if the every moment leading up to it was merely a dream. She winces slightly and shivers. Silently, abruptly, he pulls his own uniform back into place and then starts back on hers. Zips up the flight suit jacket without staring at the swell of her breast, the graze of her fine collarbones; pulls up the pants of her foul Resistance uniform without thinking of the pleasure he found within them. When he finishes her eyes on still on him, searching, ever watchful. She is not broken, only bent. He has the feeling he will be walking away from this shaken in a way that she has not been. He takes a hand and skims the knot of her hair out of her face. “I’m sorry,” he says, lower than a whisper. She doesn’t nod. Doesn’t speak. I know. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He can’t ascertain exactly how much time has passed when he feels all the heat of the moment evaporate in one fell swoop. Supreme Leader Snoke is summoning him; the tug of it is so powerful that the girl feels it, too. I cannot leave her, Ren answers at once. There is no selfishness in this thought, but rather a lesson hard-learned from the last time he left her alone on a First Order base. There is nobody else on this ship capable of containing her. The show of disobedience is enough that he can feel the chill of Snoke’s rage pulling the air from his lungs. He steps back from the girl, unnerved now by her eyes, by what he sees of himself reflected back at him. With every inch between them he feels more and more reluctant to leave, as if there is something physical tethering them, a connection that will not break but will pain to stretch with distance. He doesn’t say anything to her as he departs, nor to the stormtroopers outside of her cell. He is careful not to instruct them to enter the room, knowing she will use their presence to her advantage — and also knowing that she will find a way out regardless. When he enters the chambers where Supreme Leader Snoke is projected before them, he sees that Hux is already standing at attention, his mouth set in a grim, smug line. Ren is so preoccupied, his skin still humming with the touch of the scavenger girl, that he has not sensed either of their presences until he is already in the room. He cannot conceal his surprise, his eyebrows lifting. He realizes he left his helmet in the holding cell halfway across the base. “Master,” says Ren, aware that he is already on thin ice, “the longer the girl is left alone, the more likely it is she will—” “Escape?” Snoke finishes for him. Even through the hologram, his eyes are impossibly heavy on him. “Yes. That is my intention.” Ren doesn’t dare reach out through the Force to see if she is still there, aware that Snoke is tapping into his consciousness, privy to every fleeting shift in the balance. At this news, his senses return to him at once; he draws himself up without protest, trusting his master’s guidance, waiting for understanding to follow. “Supreme Leader,” says Hux, an imploring edge to his voice, “it is my understanding that the girl becomes more powerful by the day—” “Do you doubt my judgment, General?” says Snoke, his voice chilling as it echoes through the chambers. Hux bows his head at once. “Forgive me, master.” “I had two intentions with the girl today,” says Snoke. “One was to breed her. The other … was a test.” Ren is reeling. Test? What could he possibly have gleaned from the girl during that charade that he couldn’t find some other way? He is in check again by his next breath, but his curiosity lingers. He was tested, of course, when Snoke first showed him of the power of the Darkness. Those tests were grueling, unending, and violating — but never to that degree. “A test,” continues Snoke, “that you, Kylo Ren, have failed.” He does not so much as wince, but his surprise must be palpable. He senses Hux bristling some feet behind him, smug at the sudden turn of events. “You understand how you have failed, of course.” It is a question, even if it isn’t spoken as one. Ren grits his teeth and does not answer, trying and failing to control the frustration that simmers too close to the surface, the indignation at this public reprimanding. He tries to comb through the events of the last hour in his mind, to understand what test he is referring to, but thinking of her here only sullies the memory of it — a memory he understands, in this moment, has become inexplicably precious to him. And then he knows. He knows . And only then does he feel Snoke’s anger begin to abate, the unnamed tension in the room begin to give way to something more blatant, more obvious, more cruel—his own shame. “Of course,” he says, lowering his knee. Snoke once accused him of having compassion for the scavenger. He denied it then, honestly and wholeheartedly; standing here today, he could not do the same. “It is too dangerous to keep her captive,” says Snoke. “You are not strong enough.” “Forgive me, master,” says Ren, ignoring the sharp curl the smirk that Hux is suppressing. “There is great power in her, and also great Darkness. I only meant to—” “What you meant and what has happened are different matters entirely,” says Snoke. “I have foreseen a great deal on this night. You shall not see the girl again.” His voice is steady, indifferent. “You will kill her, then?” He realizes too late that he has betrayed himself by asking the question at all. “No,” says Snoke. “I have further use for her yet.” They are dismissed. Ren does not make the mistake of returning to her cell, but rather stalks off in the opposite direction of it, toward his own chambers. The distance is not enough to sever the connection, nor will it ever be—the moment he is out of Snoke’s hall, he feels her. Feels her adrenaline thundering in his own veins, the ache of her strides in his own legs, the metallic taste of blood and panic in his own mouth. She is freed from her cell—faster even then he expected she would be—but not escaped from the base. Her friends. Of course she will not leave without them. Her greatest weakness, one that Snoke believes he shares. He hates her in that moment, and when he feels her sinking, knee-weakening relief upon finding her friends, he loathes her with a passion he did not think possible. Once in the privacy of his own chambers he ignites his lightsaber and slashes indiscriminately. He hears her, he feels her, and nothing will block it out. He feels the joy, the safety, the relief of her throwing her arms around her companion, that traitor —he feels the phantom touch of his hand in hers—he feels her lie as he asks her what happened, if she’s okay, what’s wrong. The room is in shreds by the time he manages to block her out. She has already fled, the other prisoners in tow. As he sinks to the floor, breathless, furious, spent, he realizes that she must have felt every moment of his shame as plainly as he felt her. Only then does he understand the depths of what Snoke must have foreseen. He is not just weak in this moment; he is defeated. He sinks into the shreds that once served as a mattress, deactivating his lightsaber, suddenly feeling as if he doesn’t fit correctly in his own bones. Snoke was wrong. He will see her again. Only this time, it will be to end her. The next day he is taken off-base, and for the next month he trains under the Supreme Leader’s distant supervision. The hours are grueling, the days impossibly long. There is a device of Snoke’s own invention that allows him to dually fight himself in projection; he controls both his own body and that of the hologram Ren, and some days the two of them fight at Snoke’s command, drawn in a bitter stalemate as he thinks for both fighters, favors and abhors both fighters, until the hologram clicks out and Kylo Ren is just himself again, exhausted and broken and numb. Other days he fights with the knights of Ren. Other days he is subject to bitter, impossible conditions; sent to meditate in open air on an ice planet, to master his own need for air in underwater landscapes, to duel in desert heat and thick sand that licks and digs into his ankles, slowing him down. In some ways it is not so different from the training he received with Skywalker; in the important ways, it is more different than anything he has ever felt. It is punishing. Debasing. He loses sense of himself, and is freed in it. He remembers the feeling of completing Snoke’s training all those years ago, that invincible, powerful, independent rush , and he can feel himself coming closer to it again, filling himself up with the emptiness. By nightfall he is shaken. Finished. Torn apart as thoroughly every day as he was the last time he saw the girl. It is Snoke’s plan, he understands, to tear him apart and build him into something greater; his trust in Snoke is all-encompassing, and so he lets him. On the final day, just when he thinks he has mastered himself, he feels it — her Force signature. It is staggering. Beautiful. So flush with Light and power that he cannot reconcile his attraction to it, even from half a galaxy away. It is as if she has been a long-eclipsed sun that is now shining on him in its full, unimaginable magnitude. She must feel him there, probing, but she does nothing to shield herself from him. He can plainly sense where she must be; the signature is so strong that he could man a vessel right now and take it to her, heedless of any obstacles in his way. The desire to do just that is, for a moment, so intoxicating that he finds himself assessing the situation—how it would take less than a minute to kill his companions, to flee this realm, to go to her. For what—to kill or to keep—he is never sure. The thought is fleeting, the desire squelched, but her presence is neither. He feels her there, blinding him with her power; he feels her all the way back to the base, haunting him like a shadow, seeping into his skin. “You have felt it, then.” Supreme Leader Snoke is not one to mince words. Ren nods, albeit reluctantly. There is no point in pretending he hasn’t felt her. With the power radiating off of that girl, it is a wonder even non-Force-sensitives haven’t. “Then you know what this means,” says Snoke. He grits his teeth. Of course he knows what this means. That despite everything, despite his complete, wholehearted acceptance of the Darkness — despite sacrificing Ben, and Han, and so many others in his effort to do so — she has outmatched him. A simple scavenger girl from a waste-of-space planet has overtaken him so swiftly that he is at a loss for what he could possibly do to match her, let alone defeat her. “Kylo Ren,” says Snoke. “I am disappointed in you.” He bows his head. “I will recommence training at once. Whatever it takes.” “You mistake my meaning.” He hazards a glance up at the formidable form of his master. “You don’t truly believe that the girl could amass that kind of power on her own?” Snoke asks him, a gleam in his eye that strikes Ren as something akin to greed. And then … No . “You understand, then,” says Snoke. “You feel it. The power. The potential.” Ren isn’t breathing. Isn’t moving. With every fleeting moment he is willing for it not to be true. “The child that grows inside of her,” says Snoke, “will be more powerful than us all.” Some deep, unfamiliar part of him seems to fold within himself. It is every bit as unbearable and all-encompassing as the moment Ben Solo died; again, he is floundering, searching within himself for a man that he is sure doesn’t exist. He reaches out blindly, without thinking, and for the first time lets himself sense the girl in full. He can feel her. He can feel them . Ren stumbles back, his eyes wide on Snoke. “What—what do I—” He amends the words as quickly as he has spoken them. “What do we do?” “For now, we do nothing.” He watches Ren with a careful eye. “When the time comes, you will bring the child to me. It will know no master but me, and not a day will be wasted in harnessing its full potential.” The back of his throat tastes like bile. His hands, his feet, his face — he is numb, fathomless, stunned. His last lingering sense of self-preservation saves him, and he utters the only words he is allowed. “It would be my honor, Supreme Leader.” Until that moment he has never known just how truly chilling it is to behold the sight of Snoke’s smile. That night he does not sleep. Hours pass in the pitch blackness of his chambers, as he sits in a torturous effort to empty his mind. He should be proud. He should be honored. If this child is everything Snoke has foreseen — if this child is the true possessor of the energy that pulses through him from lightyears away — then he too should be able to see the clear path ahead of them. The crushing of the Resistance. The final destruction of the New Republic. A galaxy united by the firm, orderly, and upright regime of the First Order, a cause to which he has devoted every last shred of his life without hesitation. This child is nothing but an extension of himself; why, then, does he hesitate to so willingly give it up to that very cause? It is not worth any further thought. He has no choice in this matter. Snoke’s plan was a success; he must have known all along that there was a potential it had been. Is that the true reason why he was so determined not to seek her energy? The true reason he did not come to the one logical conclusion for her impossible power when he did? Because despite the deliberation and calculation of that task he was assigned that fateful day, he did not want to believe it had worked? Everywhere his mind wanders is another ghost. Father . Of all the words in the world he would use to describe himself, he never believed that among them. Unwillingly, some loose and long forgotten memories of Han Solo weave into his consciousness — of a hand so big it held his in its entirety; of a rough, unshaven cheek kissing him goodnight; of a low, quiet voice finishing another long tale as his eyes slid shut, giving way to the comfort of sleep. No . He is remembering of the the few, fragile moments of his boyhood when the man was actually around with a sentimentality that he doesn’t deserve, not even in death. He stands abruptly, physically shaking off the thought. Ren will not be responsible for this child’s pain, or for anything else, for that matter. He will not have a chance to disappoint it; if Snoke has his way, he will play no role in its upbringing at all. And neither will the girl. He doesn’t realize how thoroughly he has opened his mind, how invasively he has pressed against her energy, until his eyes shut — and for a brief moment, he is there . He is looking through her eyes. She stands in a dimly lit room, wearing nothing but her undergarments. Her posture is defiant as ever, but worry brews in her eyes; eyes that are focused down toward her stomach, where her palms are open and pressed against the skin. There is no indication yet of its existence, not even the tiniest of bumps, but in that moment the life inside of her seems large enough to eclipse any planet in the galaxy. It lasts less than an instant, and then she lashes out at him so clearly that his eyes fly open and he actually cries out with the unexpected pain of it. It is as if both mother and child have blocked him out, the girl using the full extent of both of their energies. That is not the end of it. You stay away from us, you monster . Seething, gasping, he steels his mind and shoots back, You can’t keep me from her. I’m her father . And then, all at once — nothing. She is through with him, shot up a barrier so effective that he cannot feel the energy, only some distant echo of it. He trains his mind on hers again, determined to overcome it. I will find you. She cannot hear him. He feels the low, primal growl at the bottom of his throat, tearing out of him as he tries again. There is nowhere for you to run. You understand that? I will find you. It is like screaming at a brick wall. I will find you . Her retaliation is so unexpected so resolute that it knocks him straight across the room. He lays there in a heap, too stunned at first to move. He expects the rage to well up in him, to give him the strength he needs to fight her back — but for the first time in a long time, all he feels is fear. Notes: YOU GUYS, I cannot thank you enough for your support. I'm coming out of a few years of fan fiction retirement and oh dear god it hurts so good. I know this chapter is pretty bare in terms of Reylo contact, but fear not! They shall soon meet again, and, well ... stuff's gonna happen. BRB, gotta take myself outside before the garbage man comes tomorrow morning. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) For six insufferably long months, Kylo Ren cannot feel the girl — cannot feel either of them. From what he could glean in mere second he was inside of her mind, she was somewhere tucked away, likely with the aid of the Resistance. Following that trail would have been futile. Knowing her, she was out of that system within ten minutes, and Ren would have faced severe punishment — perhaps even death — for nothing. He tries to rationalize his desire to find her, but the more he tries, the more the inexplicable obsession grows. He is possessive — not just of the child, but of her. He understands that he always has been, since the moment he met her. It is not the compassion that Snoke accuses him of. To him, she has been rather much a trophy to earn; in seducing her to the Dark Side, he would not only prove himself to Snoke, but prove himself worthy of the legacy he has so fiercely tried to protect. The child changes things. The child changes everything. Snoke does not summon him again. There is nothing further to discuss. And though Ren knows it, the anxiety within him mounts with each passing day. He reaches out for her constantly, savagely, even knowing that any response from her end would only make matters worse. And then one morning he is standing on the observation deck, relaying plans with Captain Phasma, Ren stops with a start. “You think it unnecessary to compromise that many TIE fighters?” Phasma presumes, awaiting his response. Ren is so far away from their conversation that he cannot remember a word of it. “No, captain, I trust your judgment,” he says, and then dismisses himself immediately. All the way to his chambers he can still feel her there. She has slipped. Like a predator tracking a scent, he catches her trail, however barely. Once he is alone he closes his eyes, knowing that this breach of her defenses will be momentary at the most — he needs to take advantage before she realizes he can sense her, and go . But no. She hasn’t made a mistake. It isn’t a slip, he realizes at once. The Force signature he is detecting is not a fraction of herself she has left unguarded; it is all that she has left. She is weak. He can sense it from here, but that is all he can sense. He shares no vision, no comprehensible thought, and certainly no inkling of where she is. But somehow she is weaker now than he has been ever before, and he doesn’t need to know any specifics to know that something is wrong . For a moment he is paranoid that Snoke has her. But no — Snoke would not do anything to harm their child. That is one small assurance that keeps Ren at bay, one that is now being compromised by the second. Can Snoke feel it too? Can anybody feel her? Or is it just him, being slowly driven mad in his chambers as he reaches further, pressing against a mind that will not or cannot answer him, trying to find a ghost? Two days pass. He cannot focus. Cannot eat. Cannot sleep. He keeps waiting — for what, he isn’t sure. For Snoke to summon him. For the girl to answer. For her Force signature to recover. For any kind of catalyst to release from this still, quiet madness that threatens to implode within him. On the third day he wakes up from a nightmare, and does something unthinkable. Where is she? His mother’s answer is swifter than he would have imagined, and startlingly familiar. He forgets how strong she is with the Force — forgot how strong their bond once was, and apparently remains. We don’t know. His chest seizes with fury. She’s lying to him. Then again, he should be used to that by now. He doesn’t dignify her with a reply, but now that he has let her in, he can sense her probing. He is too exhausted to hide the anger, the confusion, the fear. Let her sense whatever she wants from him; it won’t change a damn thing. She fled. I cannot sense her anymore. Ren abruptly shakes his head, as if she is in the room speaking to him. Ben, please. You have to find her. Before it’s too late. He blocks her out entirely then. He sits there for a long time, shaking, hearing the sound of his name in her voice over and over and over again. She had no power over him then. She will have no power over him now. He leaves the next day before dawn, flying a TIE fighter out of the atmosphere of the desert planet where they established their new base. He has no idea where she is, only a strange and unshakable confidence that he will find her anyway. He empties his mind, takes the controls, and flies. The girl’s signature does not strengthen — in fact, if anything, it is weaker than when he first felt it three days prior. He ends up in a system he has never been in before, one that he has no working knowledge of, when he abruptly pulls out of lightspeed. Focus. Her signature trembles like a candle in the wind. She is close, but not close enough for him to know with any certainty where to start looking; he is possessed by a manic and sudden urge to comb the surface of every planet, to hold anyone he has to at blaster-point, to threaten and terrorize and end whoever he must if it means finding her. You've been so lonely. So afraid to leave. His own words echo within him, mocking him. At first he dismisses it, and then— At night, desperate to sleep, you'd imagine an ocean. I can see it... I can see the island. He yanks the controls kicks the TIE fighter into hyperspeed. It takes mere minutes for the planet to swell in his immediate field of vision, but those few minutes may as well be an eternity. She doesn’t even seem to sense him; she is so faded that no part of her reacts as he reaches the planet’s atmosphere, as if she is in a state deeper and more vulnerable than sleep. The planet is so blue that it is almost blinding, speckled with islands. He recognizes it, the memory of its history welling up from a place he is surprised to have forgotten. He dismisses it for the time being, leveling off as he reaches the planet’s surface. He sees the broken X-wing long before he sees her. In another instant he is plummeting, landing roughly beside it on a sandy shore. Where are you? No answer. He probes again, wordlessly, but all he can hear are the lapping of waves. Rey. He is not sure if he changes path out of instinct or coincidence; the salty breeze seems to blow him forward, compelling him. There is a small group of dunes clustered just off the shore, the rising tide nearly touching them. He follows some invisible thread toward her, suddenly gripped with a terrible understanding — the closer he gets, the weaker she becomes. At first all he sees is a pale foot. The last few steps are completed in a run; within a second he is standing before the limp, prostrate form of the scavenger girl, unconscious in the sand, curled into herself to protect her stomach from view. His heart is in his throat. “Get up.” The pale lashes do not so much as flutter. If he didn’t know her by her signature, if he didn’t remember these desert rags she calls clothes, then he might not have recognized her at all. This weakness is beneath her. “Get up ,” he says again, a demand this time. Nothing. Her chest isn’t moving; he cannot detect any breath from her. In the next moment he is on his knees, pulling her pliant body by her shoulders, a little too easily then he should be able to — she is smaller now, much too small for the small burden she carries, as if her body is caving in on itself. He presses his ear to her chest, not trusting his instincts to find her heartbeat. There. Faint, but somewhat steady. He releases a breath that he didn’t realize he was holding, but it does nothing to soothe his unease. Whatever is happening here is not natural. He pulls her into his lap, resting her head down on his knee. Despite the damaged X-Wing and the few scratches on her, there is nothing immediately wrong with her — yet for all the island’s humidity, her skin is ice cold. He cannot think of any other malady that would cause a perfectly healthy, Force-sensitive individual to all but lose any sign of life in them. It’s a trap . A sinister, manipulative trap, of his mother’s design, no doubt. They have lured him here with the only bait that they have, and yet again he will be victim to the one weakness he cannot shake. And then, for the first time since he arrived on the island, he feels something. Not the girl. The child . The rush of fear and hatred is so intense that he nearly drops the girl in his effort to absorb the blow. The child isn’t just scared of him; it’s terrified. He has never felt anything more raw, more desperate, more unendurable than the fear he is feeling come off of this child who has never yet seen the light of day. He draws away carefully, laying the girl back in the sand, his pulse throbbing in every bone in his body. The child is doing this. The child is cloaking the scavenger. The closer Ren came to their location, the more the girl’s Force signature wasted away — because the child knew , and weakening her was the only way to hide. He should have expected that a child of theirs would be capable of such power, even from within the womb. There is a flash of something — pride? — as he draws back slowly, leaving the unconscious girl in the sand. I’m not going to hurt you . The scavenger does not react, her loose hair picking up a breeze but the rest of her disquietingly still. He tries to keep himself in check, tries to focus his energy, despite the protest of every nerve in his body. He needs to convince this child before the two of them perish. You have no reason to be afraid. A wave crashes on the shore, and then another. He waits. He is so confident that the child will respect his power, will concede to his will, that he doesn’t realize it has backfired until the girl’s lips are turning blue. He staggers back then, tripping over the sand in his haste. He considers waiting for a moment, desperate to see the color return back to her face, but he cannot risk it. There is no time to convince the child. It’s killing her. He turns his back, prepared to run for the TIE fighter, to break out of the atmosphere and leave as quickly as it will carry him. Only then does he hear the rattled, wheezing breath finally tear out of the girl’s throat. He pauses and turns back. She has not yet moved, but she is shivering uncontrollably, gasping for air, her eyes finally starting to slide open. Ren takes a hesitant step toward her. This time, the child allows it. He kneels beside her again. The girl still seems oblivious to his presence, but flinches when he presses a hand to her forehead, pushing her hair out of her face. He sheds his cape, drawing her back into his lap to wrap her in it; it does little to quell her shivering, but she seems to relax the slightest bit, slackening in his arms as he lifts her out of the sand and starts walking inland. As he seeks some kind of shelter from the planet’s multiple suns, he cannot help but remember the first time he carried her like this, in the throes of yet another bitter fight between the First Order and the Resistance. How she had been a virtual unknown to him, and yet how even then, in that first glimmer of probing into her consciousness, he understood she was different. Understood well enough that he could not help but watch her sleep, skimming the surface of her dreams — of this dream. This island. The one place she could not help but remember, even if it did not remember her. She murmurs something into his chest that he doesn’t catch, or perhaps doesn’t want to. When he rights her in his arms, tilting her head up to face him, she all but mouths the word: “Ben?” He doesn’t answer, willing himself not to react. He understands now that even the slightest aggression will set the child off. If he wants this child to live, he has to set personal matters aside — regardless of how much, in that moment, he hates the girl for uttering that name. When he finds suitable shade and a soft enough portion of grass, he lays her down on her back. Instinctively she curls into herself again, sheltering the tight roundness of her belly, her face set in a grimace. Slowly, without consciously deciding to, Ren reaches his hand forward. About an inch from her stomach, he hesitates. He can differentiate now between the energy of the girl and the child inside her well enough to know that the child lays dormant now, and will not harm her; still, it takes him a few moments to commit to the graze of her stomach, to the touch that makes the child’s existence startlingly real. The scavenger’s eyes snap open at once, and Ren withdraws his hand with a guilt he cannot explain. “You,” she gasps. “You — you’re — ” She tries to scramble to her feet, but she is not yet strong enough. “Lay down,” Ren orders. The girl all but spits at him. “You can’t have her,” she says through her teeth, managing at least to get herself into a sitting position. Ren keeps his face unaffected, staring down at her with an uncompromising hardness. “She trusts me,” he says, his eyes skimming her stomach. “Why can’t you?” In another instant he is staring into the blue glow of her lightsaber — he should have noticed the holster hooked to her belt, but he was too preoccupied to remember that she would every bit as lethal once recovered as she always has been. He beholds the weapon without flinching, even as it hovers mere inches from his face. Retaliation of any sort would only set the child off again. “If I wanted to hurt either of you, I would have left you in the sand to die,” he says. Her grip on the lightsaber only seems to strengthen. “You shouldn’t have come in the first place.” “I’m her father .” At this, something in the girl’s face seems to splinter slightly. Her eyes dart away from him for one blistering, painful moment, and he can feel her remembering their last encounter with the same shame and uncertainty he remembers it; in another instant, her eyes are locked on his again, poised on his like prey that has decided to stop running and fight back. "You know what has to happen," he says. "You've known for a long time." She shakes her head. “My friends will come for me. Even if you manage to take us, they will come for me, and for her.” “You can’t outrun this,” he says. “Keeping this child from Snoke is a declaration of war. How many friends of yours will have to die in vain before you realize that?” The thought has occurred to her, of course. He doesn’t have to have heard it to know that it’s true. That is the thing about love — it makes her predictable. Malleable. Easily manipulated. Her next words surprise him. “They are prepared to die for her,” she says softly, as if she doesn’t want it to be true. “Then tell me,” says Ren, unable to suppress his irritation. “Where are they now? It looks to me that they left you on this planet to rot . A pattern in your life, it seems—” She deactivates the saber, and he misinterprets the gesture, mistaking it for defeat; instead she is on her feet and launching herself at him, fists flying, senseless and savage as an animal. He steps back and dodges it easily, and she gasps, a hand flying to her chest. In the instant before she collapses, he hooks his arms under her shoulders, pulling her back up and holding her steady. She stares up at him defiantly, even in her weakness. He eases her down without a word, and she lets him, because she has no other choice. “You can’t take me with you,” she gasps. “She’ll sacrifice us both before you try. There is too much Light in her.” There is a fierce pride in her voice when she says this, a pride that Ren feels strange to share with her despite the sentiment. “I’m aware of that,” he says coolly, his eyes sweeping her. “But you forget, scavenger, of the Darkness I have already seen in you.” Notes: SEE YOU ALL IN HELL!!!!! Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There are deep rings under the scavenger’s eyes. She sits leaning against a thick tree, staring at him in the dusk, so unblinking that he is not sure who is hunting whom. Clutched in her hand is the deactivated lightsaber, the one that rightfully belongs to him; it is not the only thing in her possession right now that is not wholly hers. “Sleep,” says Ren impatiently. The girl snorts. “And wake up with my hands in chains halfway across the galaxy?” He doesn’t have any defense to that. He knows he will have to take her, willingly or not. He also knows there is no chance of lying to her about this intention, not now that they are close enough that she could likely detect it before it left his tongue. There is also the matter of Snoke. Nearly a day has passed since he made off with the TIE fighter, and it is highly doubtful that his absence has gone unnoticed. If he had been of his right mind, he would have conjured some kind of logical excuse for leaving, something that might have bought him more time; as it was, he barely remembered to disable the TIE fighter’s tracking systems once the girl’s consciousness had been restored. He is skilled enough to block his Force signature, and as the girl recovers he feels her lifting her own defenses as well — but Ren would be a fool to believe that this will keep Snoke off their trail for long. And why should they try? Ren has come to terms with this inevitability. If anything, he has come here to ensure it. When the Supreme Leader asks him to explain his disobedience, he will kneel before him in submission, and explain the truth for this flight: that he will do anything he must to preserve this child, the secret weapon the First Order needs to restore the shift in the galaxy and ensure their success. And yet — he needs time. Time for the scavenger to see reason. Time for the child to absorb it. Time to bring Snoke not a prisoner ripe with his child, but a soldier willing to surrender that child to their cause. Her eyelids are drooping, but he knows her well enough to know she will not yield. It occurs to him just how young she looks, exaggerated by the new thinness of her bones, the exhaustion in her eyes. The burden in her stomach seems incongruous with the rest of her, an alien thing, something that should be happening to somebody else. At that thought he casts his eyes from her. “You’re wondering why I kept her.” He has not forgotten how deep their connection is, but he has forgotten her complete and utter lack of regard for the limits of it. “Yes,” he says honestly. Begrudgingly. “I know when you discovered her,” she says, her voice hoarse, “but I felt her the moment we escaped your base. Like something had woken up inside of me.” He remains aloof, but keeps his silence, unable to quell his curiosity. For the first time since she came to her senses she looks away from him, staring down at her stomach with a tenderness in her eyes that reminds him so much of his own mother that he almost cannot stand the sight of it. “The whole way home I was devising ways to end it. I couldn’t bear to face the General. I went to sleep that night without reporting to her, and made an appointment with the med bay for the morning.” It has until this moment escaped his full understanding that this isn’t just his and the girl’s child, but the granddaughter of his mother. Of Han Solo. Just as he will never escape the stain of their influence, neither will she. She rests her hand on her stomach, but now her eyes on back on his, light and steely. “I dreamed of her that night. I couldn’t see her, couldn’t hear her, but I could feel her.” She shudders almost imperceptibly and says, “Snoke was right. She is more powerful than either of us could imagine.” Ren is almost dizzy at the thought of it. “But she is also good .” He stiffens. “So you are inclined to believe.” Her voice raises a few notches, cracking from disuse, from thirst. “The Light in her — I can sense it. The General can sense it. If you were being honest with yourself, you would sense it, too.” He feels the heat of his own anger rising up in him, even as he consciously reminds himself to master it. Over a decade’s worth of training, and this insufferable girl manages to unravel it with her mere presence, with the fewest of words. He remains entirely still, his eyes flashing a warning at her, yet another calculated mistake — she knows she is under his skin, and just like before, she will do anything she can to exploit it. “This is not the child of Kylo Ren,” she says. “This is the child of Ben Solo.” He rises to his feet and towers before her so quickly that she is swallowed by his shadow. He expects her to flinch, to cower, and it is all the more an insult to his being when she merely blinks up at him as if she is watching a toddler throw a tantrum. He rounds on her, knowing that any words he exchanges with her now will only hurt his cause. “Where are you going?” she demands, attempting to stagger to her feet. Ren pauses, then says through his teeth, “To find water before it gets dark.” He remains there for a moment, letting her decide whether or not he is lying. When she doesn’t protest, he takes off deeper into the moist forest, letting logic and experience guide him toward a source of fresh water. He lets his rage simmer below the surface until he is sure he is out of range of her — by sight and by sound, if not by everything else — and then he swiftly draws his lightsaber, ignites it, and cuts down the thickest tree he can find. There is nothing satisfying in the way it topples, in the way it splinters when it meets the mossy ground. If anything, the uncertainty eating at him has only grown, some invisible wound bleeding out from the inside. This should be easy. No — it is easy. He has made a mockery of himself in these last few hours. When he returns to the girl, he will have entirely mastered himself, cleansed himself of her words, and blocked her out of his mind. He will not harm her, but just short of that he will do whatever it takes to get her and the child back to the First Order base. Once he finds a freshwater stream, he sits beside it for a time, trying to clear his mind and focus on his task. But every thought he has seems to press against the walls of his mind, crowded with the present, persistent concerns he cannot ignore. The girl is weak. There is no denying the gauntness in her face, the fragility of her bones. He worries not for her sake, but for the sake of the child, still not entirely understanding why . Why the girl is so far from her unseemly friends; why this weakness in her seems to have been pervasive, settling in over the course of months ; why, of all the places in the galaxy, she would be compelled to return to this place — or rather, why this place compelled her to return itself. His eyes snap open the moment he realizes something is amiss. He sprints into the jungle, slashing indiscriminately at the greenery in his path with his lightsaber, carving himself out as he runs. She senses him coming; he can feel the throaty panic, the adrenaline coursing through her fatigue, her determination despite the inevitability of him catching up to her before she succeeds. There she is, out in the open — running for the TIE fighter, at fast as she can carry herself in this state — she senses him but spares him no glance, throwing the hatch open. “Stop!” he yells, lifting a hand up to do just that — but he is thrown back. Not by the child this time, but by the scavenger, who even in this state has managed to master him with one furious swipe of her arm. You’ll be taken , he says furiously into her mind. The moment you leave this atmosphere they will detect you, and without me in the cockpit, you’re as good as gone. He sees her hesitate for a fraction of a second, but that’s all he needs. He closes the distance between them in one swift motion, expecting to be able to stop her flight by grabbing the hand working the controls, but at the last second she wrenches the hand away — and uses the other to pull out her saber and ignite it directly into the control panel. “What do you think you’re doing? ” Ren seethes. For a moment he is too stunned to react, watching as she deactivates the lightsaber, points, and reignites it into his comm system. He reaches out to stop her, but she’s faster than he is, thrusting the lightsaber forward and stopping just shy of his neck. “Don’t touch me,” she warns him. His voice is steady. “Do you realize what you’ve done?” he says lowly. “That was our one chance of getting off-planet.” “That was your one chance,” she says, jutting her chin toward the open space where her broken X-Wing lays. “I, on the other hand, actually know how to fix a damn ship — ” “A waste of time and resources, that’s all you’ve done here,” says Ren into her face, almost daring her to lean the extra inch with her saber that would kill him. “The First Order will be here before daybreak, regardless of your antics — ” “The First Order?” She says the words mockingly, her voice rough with laughter. “I’m no fool. If you had already summoned them, they’d be here by now.” “How do you know they aren’t?” He can feel the heat of her saber, so close that it is licking at the tender skin of his neck. “Because you’re hesitating,” she says grimly. “You know, deep down, that this is wrong. You know .” “You’re a child yourself,” he says caustically. “You have no true sense of right or wrong. If you just let me show you—” “I’ve seen enough,” she shouts over him. “Enough of them — and enough of you — to know that my daughter will never be among such foul, monstrous, loathsome—” “You presume to know anything about the First Order,” he seethes, “but everything you know is secondhand, poisoned by Resistance propaganda, perpetuated with lies — ” “You took me,” she cries, and only then does she seem to deflate, the adrenaline finally giving way to the ache he can feel in her bones. There are tears brimming in her lower lashes, and something in him constricts, even as he remains determined to face her. “You took my — you did this to me.” There are a few pulses of silence then, just as the second of the planet’s suns descends into the sky, cloaking them in a milky darkness that is barely illuminated by the stars. She is still illuminated by the glow of her lightsaber, shuddering with a dry, uncertain noise right on the edge of a sob; he leans forward, trusting that she will draw the saber back, and quietly thumbs the hilt deactivate it. All he can hear now are the sounds of the lazy waves lapping on the shore and her shaking breath. He reaches forward and touches her cheek — there is no intimacy in the gesture, only a need for her to understand. She closes her eyes against his palm and, for the first time, he lets their connection flow unhindered. “You know I didn’t want to,” he says softly. “You know that.” He isn’t expecting her reply to come so soon, or with as much bitterness. “Don’t you see?” she asks him, her voice barely above a whisper. “You are every bit as much their prisoner as I was.” He draws his hand back as if she has burned him. Steps back from the dormant TIE fighter, away from her. The weight of her eyes on him is suffocating. When he addresses her again, his words are clipped. “Nothing you say will change the inevitable. I take no pleasure from your pain, but you have to understand — that child has belonged to the Supreme Leader since the moment she was conceived. It is foreseen. Prophesied. Done.” She turns her back to him then, facing the ruins of the TIE fighter’s control panel. The connection between them dwindles — not severed, of course, but the two of them are both working so actively to block the other out that he cannot tell if his words have had any effect on her. Enough time passes that he worries that her exhaustion has consumed her, and that she has passed out in the pilot’s seat, but he stands his ground. A few minutes have passed when she finally speaks again, with words that haunt him. “You speak of prophecies,” she says, in a depth he has never heard from her before. She angles her head, not quite facing him, but enough so that the sound carries. Enough that she is certain he will hear. “Han Solo may have been a lot of things. He may have been a bad father. A disappointment. But he still gave you the only thing that mattered, Ben — he gave you a choice .” The first flash of rage is so blinding that he almost doesn’t feel it, cannot even let himself fathom it. It is the kind of rage that focuses him, makes him all the more savage, powerful, unbeatable; in the past he has summoned this exact feeling ensure the crushing of his opponent, victories that were swift and merciless, finished before they had even begun. The girl gasps, pitching forward on the console, and at once he is jarred out of it. She doesn’t have to explain for him to understand what has happened. Once again, he has frightened the child — once again, he has caused her needless pain. He reaches out. Sets a hand on her shoulder. Her flinch is so fierce that it seems to shudder within him. “Please,” he says evenly. “Do not call me by that name again.” She says nothing in return. He can feel her fading quickly; she has not yet recovered, and the last reserve of her energy has been wasted here on this fool’s argument. Seamlessly, he hooks an arm under her knees and another below her shoulders, drawing her into his body and lifting her from the pilot’s seat. “ No .” Her plea is desperate, a last resort. He has her right where he needs her to be; it would be easy to open himself back up to the Force, to let Snoke know their location and have a fleet of Stormtroopers here by dawn. “Rest,” he says. “I won’t send for them tonight.” She is unconscious before the end of the sentence; they both know he is telling the truth, for better or for worse. Notes: YOU GUYS I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH. You have no idea how much these comments mean to me. I was so hesitant to foray into this fandom and I really had no plans to extend this story beyond the first two chapters, but y'all have made this the most beautiful trash can to live of any ship I've ever shipped. Hashtag bless you, every one. Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren’s intention is to meditate during the few dark hours of this planet; he has conditioned his body well enough that he knows he will not require sleep for several days still. He finds his cape in the woods where the girl abandoned it, lays it on a soft patch of ground, and her on top of it. Then he turns his back to her, trying not to feel like little more than a stormtrooper keeping guard as he focuses instead on the lap of the nearby waves against the shore, the hum of the jungle, the rhythm of his own breath. When he shivers he is at first cross with himself. He has mastered himself enough that weather conditions much more fierce than this slight tinge of cold shouldn’t affect his focus. It takes another moment for him to understand — the cold he is feeling is secondhand, yet another inconvenient symptom of his connection with the scavenger girl. He turns toward her and sees that she is shivering in her sleep, muttering fitfully under her breath again. He has no other warmth he can provide her, with his cape shed — not unless he wants to traipse around this nearly empty planet disrobed. He determines to ignore her. She’s asleep, after all, and will not recall the cold in the morning. But after several minutes pass he comes to the begrudging realization that although she is not conscious of it, he is so aware that there is no prayer he will be able to focus. His next course of action is only logical — he crouches down beside her shivering form, knowing that his body heat is the only respite he can offer. Still, something gives him pause. He thinks at first he is wary of the child, so evident in her, protruding from her robes — but inches away from her, her skin translucent and luminous in the night, he finds himself feeling … self-conscious. He doesn’t let himself hesitate a beat more after that, dismissing the thought as easily as it comes. He lays down behind her, pressing his body against the back of hers; his height is so significant that he seems to swallow her up like a black hole. Her shivering ceases almost at once, and he is both surprised and oddly gratified by the way her body eases into his. He acknowledges that she would never allow him to touch her this way in any kind of state of consciousness — their hatred for each other now runs deeper than either can fathom — but this is uncomplicated. Simple. Human. When she doesn’t stir, he lifts his arm and wraps it around her waist; without meaning to, his hand rests on her stomach. It is only his imagination, but as he unwittingly lulls to sleep, there is a warmth in his chest that he does not recognize, pulsing to the rhythm of a tiny, unknowable heart. Day is breaking, the horizon spilling out onto the roof of the building where they stand; he finds himself reaching for her, his hands easing onto her waist, the gold of the sun reflecting in her light eyes. She doesn’t protest, pliant and willing, sinking into him and pressing her lips to his bare neck. The sensation is paralyzing, the impression of her lips seeping into his skin long after she has drawn her mouth away. He realizes her head is tilted up at him, her face expectant, her eyes set on his without malice. “Where is she?” he finds himself asking her. The slightest of smirks plays on the edge of her lips. “With your mother. Still asleep.” She kisses him then, and he is not shocked by it; it is natural, anticipated. He sinks into her, his arms wrapping around her with a hungry, practiced ease. In another instant she is hovering off the ground, wrapping the taut, strong muscles of her legs around his waist, kissing him with a beautiful kind of ferocity. It occurs to him that someone might see them up here, and as she draws her face away from his, pressing her forehead to his forehead, he sees from the gleam in her eye that the same thing has occurred to her as well. It does nothing to halt their momentum; she tightens her legs around him, kissing him with a sweet urgency, snaking her fingers down his back. “It’s been too long,” she moans into his ear. He smiles into her neck, kissing the tender hollow of her chin, her collarbone, her shoulder. “You were gone for a week.” “Too long,” she insists, her hand stroking him, her eyes hungry at the feel of his hardness. In another instant she is wrenching him toward her, her fists balled into his robes, backing both herself and him into a wall; he pins her there and she pushes herself against him, against his now throbbing manhood, her skin seeming to hum into his. He undoes her belt as she undoes his, the whole thing a sloppy, desperate affair, breathing into each other’s faces and suffocated by the swell of their mutual need. She wraps her delicate fingers around his shaft, guiding him toward her; she skims his member along the edge of her wetness, and he moans. Her own breath hitches, and she is smirking up at him, eyes full of mischief as she teases the tip of him at her entrance. She is already touching herself, and he can feel her matching his pleasure, the two of them crescendoing like two waves crashing on the same shore. He moves her hand aside with his own, and she arches her back with a sweet whine as his fingers rub against her. Just when he cannot stand it, just when he feels as if his breath has separated from his body, the very marrow ripped from his bones, she sinks into him with a deliberate slowness that aches through his very being. “Rey,” he gasps, his fingers tightening in her hair, his mouth on her ear. She utters something in a language he doesn’t understand, and doesn’t have to — her lashes flutter, gasping in ecstasy as he fills her, and for a moment they stay there, just like that, staring into each other’s eyes with an unspoken reverence. Then he presses his fingers deeper into her nub, and she bucks, pressing him further inside. He thrusts into her, and at once they find a breathless, intoxicating rhythm, so in sync that they move as mere extensions of each other, sharing one want, one need, one soul. She sinks against the wall and he sinks with her, until his back is on the hard ground and she is on top of him, her hands splayed out on his chest. He watches her move above him, lets himself sink into her control. The tightness in his abdomen starts to unfurl, pulsing in his member, in the tightness of her; she leans down, sucking on his neck, on the bare skin of his chest, trailing her hands down his stomach. He braces her hips against him, so small in the wideness of his hands, and stares up at her. In the flush of her desire, he has never beheld anything more beautiful, more sacred; he is so lost in her in this moment that he is unprepared crash of her mounting orgasm, or the way it sets him over the edge — gasping, senseless, he empties himself into her as they come, their pleasure reflected back at each other, infinite, unstoppable, destined — “Ben,” she cries out, the name like a prayer on her lips. “Oh, Ben — ” Ren’s eyes fly open into the girl’s — before he can register that he has fallen asleep, and that he is somehow face-to-face with her, their foreheads crash into each other with an unexpected crack that leaves them both reeling with fury at each other. In another instant he is on his feet, and she staggers to hers, the two of them staring at each other with an equal and slightly ridiculous defiance. “You — what the hell were you doing?” she demands, a flush in her cheeks that, if anything, indicates she has improved since the night before. “You were shivering,” he says, “you ungrateful — ” “You stay out of my head with your — with your sick thoughts,” she says, wrapping her arms across her chest and shuddering with revulsion. “ My sick thoughts?” he manages, almost too indignant to get the words out. His face is burning, paralyzed with the sudden realization that he is, however unwillingly, quite physically aroused. “That was your dream I was trapped in — ” “Excuse me?” She actually laughs out loud at this, a bitter, mocking sound. “Like I would ever dream about you like that — ” “ Enough .” He takes a breath, surprised when she obeys and falls silent. It doesn’t matter; she is every bit as infuriating quiet as she is when she speaks out loud. “This is childish. Regardless of whose dream it was, we can both agree that it was — entirely unpleasant. And that it won’t be happening again.” She juts her chin out at him, assessing him with a critical eye. After a moment she says, “Fine. Agreed.” “ Fine,” he adds, quite possibly sounding stupider than he ever has in his life. He turns away from her then, unable to endure the lingering humiliation another second longer. He makes no explanation for his flight and she does not ask. He is determined to put as much distance between the two of them as he can, while also accepting the utter futility of it — any sense of privacy the two of them might have had from each other was finished the very day they met. But there is a private thought, a lingering, sickening thought that he does not need to hide from her — without even probing her mind, he knows she is wondering the exact same thing. He has had visions through the Force before, and they are brutal in their clarity, so fresh in him that he could not distinguish reality from the dream. He had such visions in the days before he left Skywalker’s tutelage. He remembers seeing the swaths of dark robes, hearing the crackle of his untamed saber, and waking up in a cold sweat with the same denial he is feeling right now. Those visions came to pass, as most visions do. Soon his heart accepted what fate had already decided, and now he looks back at the ignorant boy he once was with an impatient kind of pity for him. Since then he has opened his mind and trusted the Dark power of the Force in the rare visions that he has been granted since. This, however, is beyond his acceptance. While he cannot deny the nature of that dream, he will do anything within his power to prevent it from coming to pass — and judging by the girl’s revulsion for him, he will not be alone in that cause. After a few minutes of walking in silence he stops short, his senses keen, reaching out into the atmosphere to the resounding nothingness. He wonders if the girl has noticed by now. That for all of its beauty, all of its gleaming shores and balmy weather and astounding colors, there is not one soul aside from them living on this planet. If he hasn’t noticed yet, she will soon enough. When he returns to the spot where he left her, she is gone, but not far. She hasn’t hidden or run from him; he doesn’t even have to sense her to follow her, shifting direction so seamlessly that he might have walked the path beside her. Despite everything, he is relatively unsurprised when he reaches a clearing looks up to find the scavenger barefoot and halfway up a tree. She looks utterly ridiculous. “Catch.” He extends his hands and lets the bright red, gigantic fruit fall into them. “What is this?” “Food,” she says. “You’re welcome.” “You don’t even know where this — ” “I just ate two of them and haven’t died yet, so I figure you’re in the clear.” She scales down the tree in one fell swoop, her feet and the palms of her hands guiding her down the slippery trunk. He knows from bitter experience that she is as surefooted as they come, but even so, there is something jarring watching her descend with her swollen stomach. If he didn’t resent her so much for everything that has happened in the last twenty-four hours, there might even be something comical about it. Momentarily distracted, he doesn’t realize he has been standing there dumbly with the fruit in his hands until the girl raises an eyebrow at him. She seems herself again — the same defiant, intolerable scavenger girl who manages to mock him with one sweep of her bright eyes. “Here,” she says, taking it from him. She sets it on the ground, ignites her lightsaber, and cuts it cleanly down the middle. His mouth drops. “You — that is a sacred, honored relic, not some petty cutting knife for a snack — ” “If you don’t shut up, I’m going to eat the whole thing.” He feels the fury puncture him, but when he looks down at her, there is the tiniest give in her lip that stops him. He cannot help the feeling that he is some sort of private joke that she amuses herself with, but at the very least she seems every bit as determined to cast aside the awkwardness of this morning as he is. He reluctantly accepts a half of the fleshy, juicing fruit, dismissing any worries about eating it in a dignified manner when the girl all but shoves her face into hers. “You still haven’t explained what you’re doing on this godforsaken planet in the first place.” She looks up at him warily, her mouth still full of food, and says, “You didn’t ask.” There are a few beats of silence as she slurps her way out of the fruit, the juices dribbling off of her lips and sucking between her teeth. He cannot help but watch, some strange mixture of mesmerization and disgust. For a few moments he thinks she really is so petty as to waste his time by making him rephrase the question, but then she looks up at him again with that critical gaze. “Well, you already know why I left.” Her words are accusing, and he isn’t sure why. Before he can gather enough of his wits to pretend otherwise, though, her eyes widen on his. “You didn’t know.” He scowls at her, turning his head away. He is already arriving at the only logical conclusion by the time the girl opens her mouth to enlighten him. “The First Order dispatched a ship full of stormtroopers. I was off-base with …” She thinks better of finishing that sentence, but Ren’s doesn’t need her to, his fingers already balling into fists at his side. “It was clear they were coming for me. There was nothing else there for them. I just barely got away — your buddy Hux is probably none too pleased right now.” “General Hux dispatched the stormtroopers,” says Ren. It isn’t a question, but she answers anyway. “Yes." She doesn’t have to say anything more. She can already feel the effect of her words on him — the sudden chill in his bones, the unchecked fury, the tiniest glimmer of doubt that he might have been able to ignore, if he weren’t so aware that it is exactly what she has been hoping for. He wants to detect some kind of a lie rolling off her tongue; wants to rewind to a few minutes ago and master his reaction to it, so that his surprise wasn’t so palpable, so diminishing. “So that’s how you ended up here?” he says sharply. He can feel her nod even with his back turned to her. “Not by choice. The ship was grazed before I managed to get into lightspeed. This was as far as I could — ” “They were shooting at you?” “I suspect not fatally. They want her alive,” says the girl. The bluntness of her words is unnerving, but not unexpected — he has never met someone as unafraid of death. “Otherwise I probably wouldn’t have escaped.” Ren has overseen enough of Hux’s recruits to know that none of them are skilled enough to be taking that kind of a chance. Either Hux deliberately disobeyed Snoke’s commands … or Snoke’s commands are very far from what Ren would have assumed. He almost wants the girl to try to probe into his mind right now. There is an unresolvable ache in him, a need to lash out at someone, something , to distract him from his sudden and inexplicable turmoil. Snoke was coming after the child without so much as warning him. After Ren’s pledge of complete and utter obedience, after his years of unshakable trust, his master disregarded it with one swift decision that could easily have ended in death. No — there have been times in the past when Snoke did not share his plans, did not allow Ren knowledge of his motives. But Ren never questioned him. Never before did it feel so … personal. So threatening. It occurs to him that the girl won’t try to sense for his thoughts, because she doesn’t have to. He would be a fool not to wonder the things he is wondering now. “This planet,” he says. “You think you ended up here by accident.” “I know I did,” she says. “Why?” If it hadn’t started raining, she might have seen the images that flickered and lingered on the edges of his vision — the crackle of lightning that erupted into flame; the drowning eyes, vacant in their horror and disbelief; the incongruous calm that followed with daybreak, the sweet rhythm of the waves ignorant to the overwhelming death. But when the first few drops fall, she forgets him entirely. She lifts her head to the sky, and the smile that erupts on her face is so genuine and unexpected that some small part of his heart cinches at the sight of it. He has never seen her smile before, and there is more beauty in it than he is capable of beholding. It begins to pour in earnest then. They are drenched within seconds, the roar of the rain astonishing in his ears, but not enough to drown out her gleeful cackle. Reluctantly, devastatingly, he can feel the sheer joy radiating off of her as she splays her arms out and presents her face to the sky, letting the rain beat down on her. He feels her happiness pulling at him painfully, like ropes tied to his heart, beating it against his will. As she spins he is paralyzed, watching her with a bizarre kind of awe. He may hate her for this moment, for the connection that binds him to her happiness, but there is no denying that it is absolutely his fault. If it weren’t for him, rain would not be a mystery to her, and there would be no cracked desert haunting her dreams. She turns around, her smile still radiant, evidently forgetting that he is still standing behind her. He is momentarily stunned by the full effect of her, but doesn’t notice — the second she catches sight of him, her hand flies to her mouth and poorly conceals a sharp laugh. “What?” he demands. She snorts into her palm, trying to control herself and utterly failing. “Nothing,” she wheezes. “It’s just … your hair .” He leaves the fruit half on the ground and doesn’t speak to her for the rest of the morning. Notes: Even Garnier Fructis can't save him now. Thanks so much for reading and leaving your beautiful comments, y'all. I figured a little lightheartedness and SURPRISE SEX was overdue, especially cuz there's gonna be Major Dramz soon. Until next time, TRASH SHIP AHOYYYY (also, unrelated to everything: i've been wanting to do a few modern AU one-shots/short multi chapter fics, if anyone wants to hit me up on tumblr under "heyloreylo", the terribly un-clever URL i just snagged - as you are well aware there's pretty much NOTHING i won't write for these two, so don't be shy) Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) There is no point in formulating a genuine plan with her so close. He can always feel her there, skimming the surface of his mind, even if she hasn’t yet dared to penetrate it. They may be the only ones on this planet, but he has never felt more suffocated. Even his most fleeting, useless thoughts are open for her consumption — and there is this look about her, this shrewd, calculating intelligence in her eyes, that tells him that she would be able to anticipate his every move regardless of a any connection. The only solution he can think of is to wait until after the child is born. It will be two months, he presumes, and until then he will have to wait it out here on this abandoned planet she has so stubbornly chosen. Otherwise he risks himself in two directions: either he is overpowered by the girl and shamed again, or the child reacts by sacrificing them both. The girl is like a star that can either explode or implode, supernova or fall into a blackhole — so for now he does nothing, keeping the fragile balance, knowing he will be ready when the time comes. He is stalling. He knows it. So does she. But over the course of that second day, she seems to relax a bit, even engaging him in conversation a few times. He is able to put his mind somewhat at ease knowing that he will be able to make her see reason before the two months is finished; frustratingly, she seems to be at ease thinking the exact same thing. “I’ve been wondering what I should name her,” she says idly, sometime around dusk. He can tell by the edge of her tone that she is looking to irritate him — there isn’t much to do here besides stare at water and trees. Still, he doesn’t answer, knowing even then that he is only delaying the inevitable. “Of course, I don’t have a last name. So I guess she’ll be taking yours.” His eyes snap up. She isn’t facing him, her face pointed toward the sea, but he doesn’t have to see her to hear the smirk in her voice. “What do you think goes well with Solo?” she asks, running her fingers through her hair. “Are you really this bored,” he asks her, his jaw tight, “that you have to resort to this petty banter?” She shrugs. “If you had your way she’d be named Snoke Junior.” It’s a miracle he hasn’t worked his teeth into a fine dust in the last hour, putting up with her. “What do you have to offer her?” he demands. He feels the smirk slide off of her face. “You’re an orphan. Abandoned. You have no family.” She raises her chin up at the cloudless sky without looking back at him. “That’s not true.” “You would let that child grow into obscurity, into nothingness, just as forgotten and wasted as you were. Out of spite .” His heart is hammering in his throat, or maybe it’s hers; he hadn’t meant to get so carried away, but he is her now, just as suddenly as he always is. “She could be so much more.” “And she will be,” says the girl, her voice soft, without any of the wryness from before. “How do you figure?” he demands. “Look at you. You’re hiding here — and she will be hunted. If not by Snoke, then by someone else. What’s your plan, then? Put her in danger, always on the run? Hide on this nothing planet forever? You would sentence a child to that kind of life, a life where she has nothing — ” “She’ll have me, ” she says, whirling to face him, the lines of her face carved with a fierceness he has not seen in his most worthy opponents. “She will always have me.” “And what if you’re not around anymore?” he says between his teeth. He doesn’t mean for it to be a threat, but she obviously interprets it as one; he senses her heart skipping a beat, feels the chill that runs up her spine. She composes herself in another instant, drawing herself up to her full height and facing him. “I am warning you right now,” she says. “I will always be around. I will never stop fighting for her. I have come close to taking your life before, Kylo Ren, and trust me — if you put this child, my child, in danger, I will not hesitate the next time I have the opportunity.” He has been wanting to hear these words from her for some time now. They should be delicious, they should be gratifying — the evidence that some of his work is paying off. This promise of hers embraces the Darkness so indiscriminately that if she truly intends to carry it out, then he is much closer to swaying her than he believed even mere minutes ago. But somehow, despite this conscious thought, he cannot stop himself from saying to her retreating back: “She’s my child, too.” The halt in her stride is so abrupt that it is unnatural, as if it was willed by the Force. But no — it is her own force, unrepentant and unyielding. She looks back at him cuttingly, and he is already regretting his words, regretting the implication and the weakness of them. “Do you really believe that?” He was waiting for her rage, he was waiting another quick-witted thrashing of his character, and her question throws him off guard so quickly that he cannot recover. She isn’t expecting him to; she crosses the distance over to him so boldly that he is in an instant full of her scent, the musk of her hair, the sweetness of her skin. She takes his hand and this time he is the one to flinch, unprepared for the warmth or the gentleness of her touch. He is even less prepared when she guides that hand and rests it squarely on her stomach, pressing his open palm on the mound and covering his hand with her own. She stares up at him with fierce, expectant eyes, and for a moment, neither of them so much as breathes. And then — and then he feels it. The tiniest thump. Right into the palm of his hand. His eyes widen, and before he can fathom it, it happens again. He wrenches his hand away from her, his heart filling up every last inch of him, beating with an impossible ferocity. He tries to suck in air that won’t come, his hand shaking at his side, feeling the ghost of those tiny kicks somewhere deeper than his skin. When he looks over at the girl he has the eyes of a drowning man, and her gaze is so steady on his that he cannot help but lock onto it. “She isn’t your child,” she says resolutely, “until you love her.” There is something wrong with him. His body is out of sync, pulsing in all the wrong places, stinging in the back of his eyes. “I think you could,” she says, a sadness in her voice that he recognizes, that evaporated in him long ago. “But what you want for her right now — that isn’t love.” She mercifully turns away from him then, leaving him with his too-full chest and his thundering heart. He spends the rest of the day alone. Even as he wanders, he is always distantly aware of where she is, some thin thread that refuses to give connecting him to her. He can smell the salty air as she walks along the shoreline; he can feel her tastebuds curling to the tartness of fruit; he can even sense her slight unease every time her thoughts drift to him, thoughts that he is too sore to test her with. He is aware when she falls asleep, the soft lull of her thoughts drifting away from him. It is nightfall when he wanders his way over to her and sits by her sleeping form. This is the one state of being where he has some peace — the rare moments that she is asleep and he is not, and he doesn’t have to guard the walls of his mind to her. Not that he has anything left to hide. It is warmer tonight, and she is stronger than she was the day before. He is not distracted by her shivering, but there is still something that agitates him, that frays on the edges of his consciousness. Without meaning to he finds his eyes continually opening, peering out at her in the darkness. She is right. He does not love the child. He cannot. He shed himself of that weakness when he ignited his saber into the heart of Han Solo, and he understood in that moment and every moment that followed that there was no turning back. His closes his eyes again, his thoughts reluctantly wandering toward that night. Before he can master himself, he is imagining her — their child. It is only a flicker, but it is so clear in his mind; not a vision, but some sick twist of his imagination, a picture so crystal he could reach out and live in it. The hazel eyes, the dark hair, his own will reflected back at him. I am being torn apart. I want to be free of this pain. She steadies the saber — His great-grandfather’s. His uncle’s. Her mother’s. Now hers. I know what I have to do, but I don't know if I have the strength to do it. If it isn’t Rey who ends him, it will be her. In his mind he can picture it no other way. Will you help me? Those eyes — Rey’s eyes — will be the last thing he ever sees. But she will be weak. She will hesitate. Unlike Kylo Ren, she will not be able to so easily kill her own father. Could he kill her? Could he kill either of them? If it came down to it — his life or theirs — would he do what was necessary to survive? A gasp, and then a shuddering sob — he jolts up with a start, on his feet, away from Rey as if his thoughts have willed her pain. But she is blind to him, her eyes streaming, her hand on her heaving chest. She takes another breath and for a moment she seems to steady herself, and then something in her face crumples. “Rey?” She doesn’t even seem to hear him, scrambling to her feet. She pitches forward, aimless, running for something or running away — without thinking he steps in front of her and braces her shoulders. “Stop,” he says. “What are you …” She doesn’t fight him. She is still moving, but without any real intention, her eyes unfocused — asleep . He jostles her by the shoulders. “ Rey .” A shudder rips through her small body and he feels the slam of her consciousness, a wave of pain so fresh and senseless that barely remembers to hold her there. The instant she perceives him he expects her to tear herself away, and is perhaps even more stunned when she falls into him, her face sinking into his chest and her stomach pressing between them. He is still bracing her shoulders, and it feels oddly like holding her. She opens her mouth, gasping, and like a fish out of water nothing comes out. He probes into her mind with a caution he didn’t think he was capable of, and he sees it — the flames. The death. The planet is burning, and she is on it, watching the flames lick the skin of her neighbors, their houses going up in plumes — “They’re dead.” She is incomprehensible, but he hears her thoughts plainly enough that it doesn’t matter. “They’re all dead .” He feels another pulse of fear, fainter, less certain. Another heartbeat skimming the surface of hers. “You need to calm down,” he says. She’s scaring the child. His words have the opposite effect entirely. At the sound of his voice, she seems to come back to herself just enough to remember who she has fallen into, whose hands are pressed into her skin. She rips away from him, crying in earnest now, without shame, without awareness. In another instant she is sinking to her knees, onto the forest floor, as he hovers above her and watches her fall apart. She is murmuring something to herself, something low and awful in the back of her throat: “My fault. My fault. It’s my fault …” He crouches down to her level. Her breaths are coming too fast, her face slack and shining with a sick kind of sweat. She will pass out if this goes on much longer. Even as he opens his mouth he hates himself for it. He takes her face in his hands and says the very same words that haunt him, the words that taste like failure on his lips. “You need to empty your mind,” he says to her. Her eyes are soaked with unshed tears as she looks up at him and they fall, fall, fall, sliding down her cheeks and between his fingers. She looks at him with the same wretchedness he remembers feeling as a child, the same shame that clung to him like a second skin as his mother and his uncle pushed and pulled and stretched him too thin for their world. “I can’t .” He presses his forehead to hers and does something he has not done in a long time. He clears his mind — not in the way he is used to, with his anger brewing under the surface to guide him. He clears it the way Luke once asked him to, detaching himself piece by piece, radiating a kind of calm that makes his skin crawl with the unfamiliarity of it. It is so light, so thin and airy and insubstantial, that briefly he is frightened by how easily he slides into it. A moment later, though, it is flowing out of him and through her, slowing her breath, taming her heart. For a long time she doesn’t say anything, their foreheads pressed against each other, the air stifling between them. Her tears are silent now, heedless and falling fast. “This planet,” she says hoarsely. “It wasn’t an accident.” If he doesn’t tell her now, she’ll find out soon enough. “I know.” Her breath hitches. “I’ve been here before. I’ve …” “This was your home planet,” he says. “How do you …?” She doesn’t finish the sentence, pulling herself away from him, staring up into his face. “Those people,” she says, with an expression so haunted that he can see a thousand ghosts in her eyes. “They’re all dead. They’re all dead because of me. Because they were looking for me .” His throat is oddly thick when he speaks again. “Yes.” Her mouth is open with a silent cry, and that silence is somehow more terrible than any sound he could imagine. “Rey …” It would be so easy in this moment, to harness her pain. She is not flirting with the Darkness in this moment; she is Darkness itself. She is living it, reliving it, the smoke in her throat, the death in her nostrils, the hatred in her heart. This is a critical juncture, he understands. She will never be as pliant, as ready, as easily manipulated as she is right now. “My mother,” she breathes. “The last thing I remember was — she landed on Jakku. And she let go of my hand, and she told me — she told me — ” Her body shakes with another sob, but she is all cried out and empty. “She told me to never use my abilities. She told me to stay quiet. She told me that if anybody came looking for me, anybody at all, that I should stay there, and I should wait for her.” Her hands are on her stomach now, half of her here in this moment, the other half somewhere far away. When she speaks again, her voice breaks: “And I did . I waited . I waited on Jakku while my planet burned .” It isn’t her fault. He knows that plainly. She was a child when it happened; he remembers his task well. It was not enough to slay Luke's younglings. There were others, scattered across the galaxy, strong with the Force and untrained in its ways. Among the first tasks Snoke gave him was to follow those signatures, the very same ones that led him and the Knights of Ren here all those years ago. It doesn’t matter that it isn’t her fault. She believes it is. The work is already done. All he has to do now is stoke the fire in her heart, smother it with fuel and watch her ignite. “My mother … she isn’t here.” He is too heavy with her pain, too stunted by her weakness. He loses sight of his intentions, watching the light flicker in her eyes, watching the grief smother her like a blanket. He justifies his silence by telling himself that it isn’t the right time. That this is only the beginning. That soon the Dark will consume her all on its own, and she won’t be able to trace it back to the moment he turned her. For a moment he is possessed by the strange urge to touch her bare hand. The impulse is gone as soon as it comes. “No,” he says quietly. “She isn’t.” There is something steely in her then, something resilient and unexpected. He feels it, dreads it even — that Light she still clings to, that stubborn hold she still has on her reality, however skewed it may be. Already he has missed his chance. “I thought I would never forgive her for leaving me,” she says, “but now I understand.” Her voice is clear, her spirit resolute. Her palms are open on her stomach, still quaking, but as determined as ever. “She had no other choice.” He has nothing to say, but it doesn’t matter. She fixes her eyes forward on the sky, on the slight crack of the coming dawn, so thoroughly gone that for the first time, he cannot feel the connection between them at all. Notes: HERE HAVE SOME FEELINGS. Please also appreciate that I wrote a good portion of this while a slightly terrified old man not-so-low-key read it over my shoulder on the subway. Beta readers, amirite? Thank you guys so much for sticking with me and the story, it makes my DAY to hear from you. I basically live to get off work and write this, and I love my job, so that's really saying something. HASHTAG BLESS, and also to reiterate, if anyone has any modern AU reqs on Tumblr I am taking them on the heyloreylo blog (I am so hungry please feed me). Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They spend the next few days separated from each other, utter silence on the connection between them. He returns to his TIE fighter and sees the damage was too swift and critical for him to salvage it. The X-Wing, on the other hand, seems a bit more hopeful — on the third day he lingers near it, expecting that it will draw her out of the jungle, this invasion of her territory. But if she senses it, she does nothing. Everything he feels from her is dulled and clouded and in halves, as if she doesn't know how to properly exist anymore. On his fifth day without sleep his body starts to weaken. He knows he has no choice but to succumb to it, but she isn’t sleeping, either. The idea of being unconscious makes him uneasy. He envisions the girl scrambling into the X-Wing, fixing it with those nimble, experienced fingers of hers, and striking out of the atmosphere before he manages to so much as open his eyes. It’s a chance he is not willing to take. He meditates on the beach in an attempt to renew some of his energy. It is three hours before he hears a crunch of sand behind him; he had stopped trying to sense her, and hadn’t felt her coming. His heart immediately starts pulsing, hot and loud and fast, and he is furious with himself knowing that she must feel it too. But when he turns around, her eyes are red-rimmed and sunken and decidedly uncaring. “Look,” she says dully. “We can’t do this anymore. We have to sleep.” He bristles. “ You have to sleep.” “I can’t.” He doesn’t like her like this. She doesn’t seem like a whole person to him, but a shadow of one. There is no challenge in her eyes, no defiance in her posture. She is unremarkable. Faded. Spent. “Why’s that?” He realizes only after he fails to do it that he was hoping to get a rise out of her. She stares at him with that same slack expression and says, “Because every time I try, I can feel you trying to stay awake.” She gives him an answer he already knows, not even bothering with indignation at making her explain it to him. She is too tired for their usual games, and if he is being honest with himself, so is he. “My state has never kept you awake before,” he says carefully. “Are you sure it isn’t something … else?” She doesn’t answer him, standing there like a thin tree about to be blown over in a storm. “Some indecision, maybe. Some doubt. I know what’s in your mind, Rey, even when you don’t let me in.” “There is nothing in my mind right now,” she says. He turns his back to her, staring out at the ocean waves. It is not compassion that he feels for her, but a mutual ache, an unintentional empathy. She is right. Their exhaustion is reflecting off of each other like this planets’ suns on the water. They cannot escape each other, and neither will rest until one of them concedes. “Please.” He is stricken by the word, remembering the only other time he has heard it fall off of her lips. But they are far from the people they were all those months ago, in that cell on Starkiller Base. It is strange how the memory seems more distant to him now than parts of his past that are long buried. As he reflects on it in this moment, those versions of them almost seem like children. So angry. So desperate. So unaware of what was to pass. He lowers his head slightly so she doesn’t say it again. Back then it was all he wanted to hear, all he needed to here; now the sound of her pleading makes him sick. “Lay here.” The sun is starting to set now, so she doesn’t protest about the exposure, sinking down beside him so readily that he doubts she could have kept herself up for much longer. He leans back so that he is laying beside her, just barely able to hear the sound of her breath over the lapping waves. Even with this full foot of space between them, he can feel the heat of her, the energy. It has been so long since she has been this close that her mere presence seems to sear him like a flame. When her fingers find his hand and intertwine with it, he cannot help but flinch, turning his head to the side to frown at her. Her eyes are already closed. He wonders who she is dreaming of, holding his hand like this, when she murmurs to him, “So I wake up if you try to leave.” He gives her hand a short squeeze, not sure what exactly he intends with the gesture. He can practically feel the sleep wash over her, and it is so tempting, so delicious, so sweet , that he cannot help but join her. The next time he wakes up, it is completely dark. He can sense that only a few hours have passed. The tide is higher now, lulling in his ears; Rey’s hand is no longer in his, but her arm is strewn across his waist, her head in his chest, and he has somehow maneuvered his arms to wrap around her as well. He is stricken at once by the intimacy of it, but in his haze he does not move, unable to decide what to make of this fragile, uncertain moment. He presses his face into her hair, careful not to wake her. It occurs to him just how truly alone they are, the two of them—the three of them. Laying here like this, with her so close and her stomach nestled between them, feels almost … natural. Like three broken pieces fitting together. Even in the few days they were separated, her stomach has grown larger. She is still so small herself that the pregnancy seems to swallow her; although he knows it should be another month still, he cannot help but wonder at the size of her just how much time they have left. The breeze picks up and she sighs a little in her sleep, burrowing further into him. Without consciously meaning to, he presses himself closer to her as well, sheltering her with his body. He closes his eyes again and indulges in a moment, so brief but so poignant that it feels like free falling out of a wrecked ship without a parachute — he imagines himself with Rey, in a real room, on a real bed, this child nestled between them. He imagines early mornings and her sleepy smile, imagines the child’s laughter, imagines a warmth in his chest, a place to belong. He imagines a home . His hand is drawn to Rey’s stomach, and he already knows why. The child’s energy is practically humming under his touch, hungry for his attention, able to unravel him just as quickly as her mother. It takes a few seconds for him to force himself to pull his hand away. Rey doesn’t stir, the sound of her breath filling up his ears. One of the suns is starting to rise distantly, not quite yet cracking the horizon, a faintish purple on the skyline. He wakes again with Rey still in his arms. She hasn’t moved at all since the last time he woke, but he is still in that realm of half-sleep, not entirely sure if he is imagining this moment or living it. “I wish I could hate you,” she murmurs into his chest. Her eyes are closed, but the words are unmistakable. They stall something in his heart, the same heart her forehead is pressed against. “I keep wondering if she’ll look like you,” she says sleepily. “If I’ll be able to see you in her eyes.” He shakes his head, his chin ruffling her hair. He already knows who she will take after. He can feel it in every beat of the child’s tiny heart, every one that passes reminding him of the weight of the decision he must make. “I love her so much. This person who is half of you.” She is falling asleep again, as if the conversation were nothing more than a dream, but after she is faded out again her words linger in the salty air. There is a familiar feeling that is brewing in his chest, heavy in his ribs and aching in his bones, a longing that he cannot reconcile. He remembers this pain — he used to call it love. When he wakes up again it is light outside — mid-afternoon, maybe. He hasn’t processed this nearly as quickly as he has processed that something is wrong . The feeling is so distinct that it feels as if something essential part of him has been severed. He turns, time slowing with his mounting terror, and sees Rey right where he left her. Her skin is so pale it is almost translucent, her face slack and her body cold. The silence he is hearing, the vacuum where something used to be — he cannot feel her heartbeat. He cannot hear her breath. “Rey.” Her name is like a knife is his throat. He scrambles up to a sitting position, the panic acidic as it surges through his veins. Her limp body shifts to accommodate him, but she doesn’t feel him, doesn’t so much as flinch. He grabs her by the shoulders, shaking her, forgetting to be gentle. She rattles under his touch like a rag doll. The roar in his head is too loud for him to focus, too unfathomable for him to bear—he loosens his grip, watching in horror as she slides back into the sand. Desperately, hoping against hope, he presses two shaking hands on her chest, her stomach. Nothing. He hears nothing. “ No ,” he tells her. It’s absurd. His brain sees her plainly in front of him, but refuses to concede to the truth, looking for some impossible exit. He pushes the hair back from her forehead, stares into eyelids that won’t open, into cheeks that have lost their color. “Don’t do this. Don’t do this.” He is senseless, stupid, pushing against her chest with the palms of his hands as if he has the power to bring back her still heart. He doubts he is even doing this right, thoughtlessly pressing his mouth onto hers and blowing breath into her finished lungs, his own breath stunted, suffocating him as the understanding sinks in like ice in his bones. “ Rey .” The name tears out of him, cast out into the lifeless planet, echoing in him like a death march. In this moment he cannot decide what is conquering him, be it love or be it hate. This is the ache he has avoided, the weakness he has turned his back on, and as he sinks into its unendurable clutches he hates her for it. He hates the small promise that he wouldn’t acknowledge, now shriveling in his chest. He hates the sliver of the future he imagined, now bleaker than it has ever been or ever will be. He hates himself for his want, for his need, for his hope. Mindlessly, numbly, he strokes the hair on the crown of her head over and over, waiting for something that won’t come. The truth is mightier than any blow he has ever suffered, so staggering it steals his breath: Rey is dead. And Ren is not alone. He feels the presence, somehow familiar and foreign all at once. He does not turn around; even if he wanted to, there is something compelling him not to behold the stranger. His shaking ceases, and there is a sudden and reluctant clarity. It’s him. Do not make my mistakes . Ren shudders so viscerally that it feels as if there is a wind inside of him. And then, another voice — Ben . He scrambles to his feet, whipping around to the sound of it, but he is alone. Ben, wake up. He hears her. Maybe he is dying, too. Maybe they’re already dead. “Ben!” Waking has never been more painful, more sudden, more cruel. He is choking on his own breath, his eyes unfocused, his face wet — for a moment he is sure that he is drowning, that they’ve been swallowed up by the sea, and then he feels two skinny arms flinging around him to brace him. “Hey,” she says, uncertain and soothing, her voice impossible in his ear. “Hey …” His chest his heaving, the air won’t come, but instinctively he is reaching back for her, gathering her into his arms. At first she resists, her back rigid with surprise — he is so far out of his mind that it doesn’t even register, that he cannot see past his selfish need to hold her, to feel her, to know that she’s real. She is touching his face, and only then does he realize that her fingers are slick with his tears. He wants to turn from her, shamed, but he cannot look away from her. Even with the worry brewing gaze, even with her brow puckered and her hair in tangles and her face in utter bewilderment, she is the only sight he wants to see. The only eyes that he can see himself in. The only person who will ever understand. It takes him a few long, slow, excruciating breaths to master himself, and even then he is still shaking. He feels powerless as he did as a child. He is stricken with memories of this same spiraling, aching pain — his mother shaking his head at him, crying when she thinks he can’t hear; the closed doors and the sounds of children he was never permitted to join; the late nights he spent curled into himself among the other padawans, his own heart betraying him for letting him believe that this would be a place where he belonged . She must be thoroughly disgusted by him. She should be. But when he lets himself look at her again, still wrapped up with him, so curious and precious and whole , he sees nothing in her eyes but an empathy deeper than any of this planet’s oceans could fathom. He reaches up and holds her face in his hand, and her head leans into his touch, the weight of it warm and comforting in his palm. Her eyes are steady on his even as he wordlessly reaches and touches her stomach, feeling that same life simmering under the surface, so small, so trusting, so ready to forgive him. So ready to feel things for him that he will never deserve. Rey presses takes one of her hands and rests it on top of the one he has steadied on her stomach, and for a few moments they are just the three of them, broken and whole and breathing. “You were having a nightmare,” she says. It is not a statement so much as it is a gentle probe. She has respected him enough to stay out of his mind, and for the first time, he wishes she wouldn’t. A part of him wants her to see. To absorb some of this unendurable pain, relieve him of the pressure of it. He is afraid to close his eyes, afraid even to blink; the inside of his eyelids still casts reflections of her corpse in the sand. He nods. He’s still shaking, her hand just barely steadying the tremors. “I killed Han Solo.” Her eyes widen slightly, misting with a phantom of the same hurt that crushes him now. “Yes,” she says, her voice soft. He does not deserve her sympathy. He does not deserve her anything. But here she is, tangled with his tears and his hate and every other wretched part of him, steadier than any other force he has encountered in his life. “I don’t — ” He feels the snag in his breath before it comes, and stops himself. “I thought …” He thought it would end the pain. He thought that it would stifle the turmoil in his heart. He has always known that the universe is more than Dark and Light; that there is gray, so much gray, and that there is weakness in that gray far beyond the weakness of love. There is nothing more perilous than indecision, than halving a soul; he knew that as long as even a fraction of him still felt compelled toward the Light, the ache in him would never end. So he did the only thing he could do, and snuffed the Light out — only to be blinded by this girl, and the unfathomable life inside of her. It is too late. He cannot reconcile this, cannot justify it, cannot break it away like a limb he can live without. Killing Han Solo was a trial more difficult than any he thought he would have to overcome; killing Rey would be to kill himself. He cannot make himself whole again by eliminating her Light. She has already torn her way inside, shining through the cracks in his exterior, exposing every part of him that he has spent years trying to deny. The tears that track down his face now are silent. Defeated. None of this matters — they both already know that there is only one way this can end. “You were right,” he says, his voice so steady that it surprises them both. She blinks up at him, and he sears the image into his brain, knowing that his moments left with her are precious few. “Fix the X-Wing. Leave this planet and return to the Resistance. Once you’re safely back with them, you won’t ever hear from me again.” Her mouth falls open. He braces himself for her relief, for her caution, even for her joy. It will hurt him, but then she will be gone, and it will be over, and he will not have the two of them on his conscience anymore. She shakes her head at him, so subtly that he wonders if he is imagining it. “Why are you doing this?” she asks, leaning closer to him even as he starts pulling away, even as he methodically, painfully starts to untangle himself from her. “Where will you go? ” He stands up, turning his back to her. He’s as good as dead, and they both know it. Do not make my mistakes. The words beat in his head like a battle drum, a final march. He understands now, with a clarity that cuts through his core — this is the only way it can end. “Fix the X-Wing,” he says. And then, before she can protest: “I know you’re perfectly capable. We’ll leave before the next sunrise.” “Ben — ” “Don’t fight me on this,” he says, turning just slightly toward her, suddenly unable to meet her eye. “Fight me on anything else, Rey — but for once, don’t fight me on this.” He walks away from her then, leaving her sitting in the sand, watching his retreating back. A few minutes pass. Even though he is expecting her to cave in, there is still some cinch in his heart the moment he senses her getting up and heading toward the broken down ship. He was expecting her to obey; he was not expecting his anguish when she does just that. Notes: LORD ALMIGHTY this week has been hella cray at work, thank you so much for waiting so patiently :). And thank you for sending me some modern AUs!! I am a happy Reylo trash clam thanks to y'all. Now if you excuse me, I'm going to close this laptop before I fall asleep on top of it. SWEET DREAMS MY BRAVE FELLOW TRASH HUMANS Chapter 9 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ren doesn’t dare walk too far away from her, still itching with his paranoia, the dream still sinking into him with a heaviness he can barely shoulder the burden of. He stands just inside of the forest, far enough that he can’t see her, close enough to reach her if need be. He has a day with her now at most. No harm will come to her in these last hours, when he is responsible for them both. Mother . She doesn't answer — but he feels her waiting, anticipating. She is raw at the sound of that old title, and doing nothing to hide it from him; he does not hide from her either. He needs her to feel it. Needs her to feel his agony, his doubt, his shame — needs her to know that there is no room in him left for anything else, let alone deception. For a moment neither of them says anything. He absorbs her pain, and it feels like a riptide, sucking him under. He feels every piece of her in unbearable layers. Her grief for Han Solo, her despair for him, the misplaced guilt settling in her chest like a second, angry heart. His only solace in feeling it is knowing that soon he will be punished. Soon he will be finished. Soon he will be free of all of the pain he has inflicted — on his mother, on his father, on his uncle, on Rey . I’m bringing her to you. I just need to know where. Again, he expects her to hesitate. He expects silence on the other end while she deliberates with her fellow Resistance members, expects her to put up a fight. The immediacy of her trust is somehow just as painful as everything else. He gives her the name of the system. The name of the planet. Coordinates to land. You’re not staying with her. He doesn’t answer. You could be safe here . It is so long past that he can barely remember the last time he felt that blind, implicit trust of childhood. A time when he believed everything his mother told him. A time when she was his champion, his harbor, his whole tiny world. How he would sit beside her, nestled under her arm, and together they would wait for the man who made them a home. He is old enough now to understand that that kind of care is a lie. She cannot ensure his safety any more than he can ensure the safety of his own child. He will find them if they are anywhere near me. There is some kind of ripple from her then. Not acceptance, but understanding. He bars the connection between the two of them before she can say anything more. He thinks he will be alone then, but there is Rey. As her fingers deftly work on the panels of the X-Wing, he feels her thoughts straying beyond it, towards him, without any inhibition. For once there is no part of herself that she conceals from him, no depth to her that he cannot see, and she is every bit as rich and complicated and beautiful in her perpetuity as he imagined she was. He knows without trying that there is no limit to what she would let him see inside of her mind now — without even probing, he sees the small, unintentional flashes of memories, skittering past him as if relived in a dream. The crippling loneliness under the shadow of the AT-AT. The nights she spent curled into herself, so weak and delirious with hunger she was sure she would die before sunup. The unexpected ache of a traveler’s smile that punctuated a year of not looking another soul in the eye. The panic and uncertainty of each birthday that passed, of the scratches on the wall that mocked her — nobody is coming, nobody wants you, nobody cares. In equal parts he doesn’t want to know, and needs to know it all. With every image he comes to understand her with the carefulness she deserves, but with every image comes the knowledge that he did this to her . By following Snoke’s bidding, he cursed another to his fate — the fate of a person who grew up in solitude, who grew up in fear. He decides in that moment that perhaps there is nothing more selfish than his love for her. Even knowing that he shouldn’t do it to himself, shouldn’t do it to her, he rises and walks toward her. He just needs to see her, needs to memorize what he can before she is gone from him. Before he sets things right. She senses him coming. There is no need to announce himself as he walks into the sand dunes where she is repairing the broken ship. And yet she remains with her back turned to him, her eyes focused on something within the ship that is insignificant and unknown to him. “Rey …” She shakes her head at him sharply. There is so much pain even in that small gesture that he feels himself starting to crumble, feels his resolve starting to slip. “You don’t have to say it,” she tells him. “But I — ” “Please,” she says, turning to him, her eyes misting. “Don’t say it. Don’t say it —” “I love you.” She closes her eyes, her breath trembling. He doesn’t hear her thoughts so much as he feels them. He knows that she is not a person who does things in halves — knows that every small thing she lets herself feel runs deep, too deep, into the core of her, some untouchable place in her heart. He knows the instinctive fear that rattles in her, the memory of every other person who has claimed to love her, the same people who left her and never returned. The same people whose love for her cost them their lives. She shudders. “You shouldn’t.” “I do,” he says fiercely, taking the step that closes the distance between them. “There’s nothing you can do to change it.” She stares up at him with haunted eyes, and he feels his words sink into her. There is a sweet and terrible steadiness to her, the way she stands her ground before him — the way she always has. The way she has lived her life, immovable as a boulder, in constant wait. Waiting for rain that never came. Waiting for people who were long gone. Waiting for a moment like this to justify the years she wasted, waiting for a sign that she wasn’t meant for her futile existence, waiting for a reason to be alive. He has cursed her, he understands. He will leave her just as brutally as the others. He has nothing to offer her but more heartache. There is very little strength in him now, but just enough to turn away. Just enough to do right by her. Just enough to let this moment evaporate before it undoes them completely. In another instant she is on the tips of her toes, and her arms are wrapping around his shoulders. There is something tentative in it, something unlike her. Something guarded and shy. He leans down and she presses her forehead to his, and for a moment they rock slightly together, letting the wind blow past and through them. “I want …” she whispers, so lowly that it fades into the hiss of the tide. His own eyes slide closed, his arms drawing her in, his hands bracing her hips. Their lips find each other in a solemn and beautiful kind of quiet; they rest there for a moment, lingering, the gentlest of kisses somehow becoming their undoing. “I wanted one good thing,” she says. “My whole life … I wanted one good, untainted thing. And now I have her.” He feels the press of her stomach against him, feels the hum of the energy he still can’t quite understand, the tiny light he is sacrificing everything for. She is crying, but still steady, still present, still his. There is a strength even in her tears, a power in her weakness. “But I can’t have you.” He draws himself up, and she presses her head into his chest, her arms still latched around him like a lifeline. He rubs small circles into her back, surprised at how easily this tenderness comes to him. She sinks into him, and he savors every moment of it — the heat of her skin, the sweetness of her breath, the tickle of her hair against his chin. “What if we just …” She swallows, looking at him. “What if, just right now, just for tonight — what if we just …” There is no time. They cannot afford a goodbye; the quiet from the First Order has gone on too long, and although he senses nothing on their horizons, he knows it is only a matter of time. He is the one who should find some measure of control. He is the one who should tell her no, bid her to work on the ship that will free them of this planet, and take her to safety before the inevitable comes to pass. But her lips part ever-so-slightly, and her eyes widen into his with a hunger — and he is thoughtless, pressing his lips into hers, taking everything she offers, everything he has craved. She tastes tart and sweet, like the fruit of the island, like Rey . The kiss deepens, and the nerves of his skin seem suddenly delicate, magnified by her every wandering touch. They pull away slightly, breathing the same breaths, aching with the same want. He gives way to the last threads of his sense, and in another moment, his hands are in her hair. Gently he finds the bands that bind it into its buns, and one by one, he releases them. She stares at him, ducking her head slightly to accommodate him. In another few moments her hair is loose, free from its bindings, reflecting the the light of the early dusk. He runs his hands through it, tentative and shaking, and she leans her head into his fingers with a small, contented hum. It burns every bit as it soothes. They move so slowly, but each moment ends so fast; he is aware that everything they do here, every new experience he shares with her, will be the last time he ever does. He cannot simultaneously experience it and preserve it. Every moment is like a flame threatening to die out in the wind. He wonders how her life will take shape once he is gone. Wonders if another man will ever hold her like this, will ever understand the very core of her like this. Wonders if she could ever be happy with someone else when this precious thing they have was never happy to begin with. “Don’t,” she says, rejecting his thoughts as they leak in between them. She pushes him down on his shoulders, compelling himself to lower his body into the curve of the sand dune. Slowly, uncertainly, he obeys; she eases herself down, straddling him, pressing herself against him as her knees dig into the sand. She stares at him meaningfully, patiently. His heart is thundering in every corner of his body, but he does not protest. He does not make a sound. After enough seconds have passed that she assumes his permission, she lifts an unpracticed hand and reaches between his legs, finding his already hard shaft and stroking it through the fabric of his pants. “Rey …” “I want to do it the right way,” she says. “Just once. I want to be with you — the way people should be with each other.” He searches her face, but he doesn’t have to; he feels her want, feels the desperation of her desire, feels it as plainly as he feels his own. After a few moments he nods carefully, and some small breath of relief escapes her. Her clothes are all too easy to peel off of her, but he takes his time. First the wraps she still has around her bare arms; he slowly unravels them, kissing the untouched skin on the inside of her elbows, her pale forearms, her wrists. In turn she unhooks his belt with trembling hands; she tries to lean down to kiss him from this angle, but her stomach prevents her. He grabs her by her bottom and hoists the both of them up, leaning into the kiss she intended, catching her breath in his mouth. Once they are settled back in the sand, he unties the sash on either side of her chest, and pulls her grimy, faded shirt up over her shoulders. He beholds the pale flesh, the swell of her breasts, the dome of her stretched stomach. For a moment his awe is so intense that it is all he can manage to stare, to try to understand the miracle that she is. “We, uh …” He looks up and sees that her cheeks are a furious shade of red, her tiny shoulders folding in on herself, obscuring her. “It’s okay if you don’t want to …” “Rey,” he says, his voice ragged with want. He kisses her collarbone, the curve of her neck, and she quivers beneath his touch. “I have never seen anything more beautiful.” She shakes her head at him, and he reaches his hand up to her cheek to stall it. Her hair falls between his fingers, casts yellow shadows on the planes of her face. He kisses her again as he feels her skimming the seam of his black tunic, then lifting it over his head. She stares uninhibitedly at the exposed skin, running her small hand down his chest, his torso, all the way down to the member that is throbbing in anticipation of her. “I don’t know what I’m doing,” she admits at once. “Last time, I — ” “Last time didn’t count,” he says firmly. It takes a moment for her to nod, as if she is not yet thoroughly convinced. He skims her shoulder with his knuckles, dragging them down the smooth length of her arm, taking sweet time that they both know they don’t have. There is trepidation in every touch that she returns, a hesitant kind of reverence, as if she still isn’t sure whether or not to allow herself to give into her own want. Neither of them are experienced with this kind of liberation. There has always been some measure of control to rely on, to abide by, to keep them alive. But there is no fear. Even in the quake of their touches, the slowness of their every move, there is a deep and thorough certainty. The ache is not immediate, not desperate, not humiliating or invasive the way that it was before, the two of them puppets in a game that was played far beyond them. They anticipate each other’s every move, the deep and mutual understanding seeming to anchor them. He can want her now without shame, without remorse. Even so, he lets her decide when how they will progress, waiting for her as she touches the buckle of his pants, as she tugs them down and exposes him, all the while watching his face. He stares back to assure her, taking in every flicker of her light eyes as she explores him. As she roams, pressing her palms against his hips, traveling up his sides, accounting for the whole of him. She stops when she reaches his shoulder, and leans forward, pressing her lips to the curve of his jaw; she hesitates for a moment, and then kisses his cheek, and he realizes she is tracing the length of the scar still branded on his face. He closes his eyes and lets her. He closes his eyes and feels the mutual regret, the mutual forgiveness — she is the only one of his wrongs that had a chance of redeeming him. She pulls her leggings down, and finally she is bare before him, the wetness of her pressing down on him. His want for her is dizzying, but not incapacitating like it was before. He is present in this moment and knows no other reality, finally finding the focus, the quiet he has striven for so long. It is here. It is them. She arches her back and the wetness of her slides across his member. She trembles with the delicious friction, and he pulses beneath her, feeling the warmth and the ache tighten in his groin. She is plenty ready for him, but he takes his time, his hand wandering her. He drags his fingers along her folds until they are slick with her, and before he even finds her nub, a sweet whine is escaping her lips. She gasps the moment he starts to rub her, and the sound of it is addicting, intoxicating. He is drunk on the sound of her, the feel of her, the desire he can feel mounting in her every breath. “You haven’t done this since the last time," he says. She shakes her head, the flush rising in her cheeks. “I couldn’t,” she says breathily. He increases the pressure just slightly, and her body reacts at once, her hips shifting and rubbing against him. And then, a confession: “I tried,” she says, “but I … when I did, I only ever wanted you.” He blinks up at her, unable to conceal his surprise. He understands now, in retrospect, that he has been obsessed by the idea of her since the first moment he saw her in Takodana; that after their last encounter on the base, he was all but consumed by her. Even then he never considered that she might share even a fraction of his need. She has always seemed so separate, so unyielding, so sure. There is something brewing in her eyes, as if she is afraid she has said too much. He soothes it by pressing his lips to the space between her breasts, to the swell of her stomach. He cannot imagine himself with anyone else, cannot imagine the universe could hold another person who matches her — but he doesn't tell her this. She can already hear the quiet thought, can feel it searing on his lips. He keeps his thumb pressed on her nub and slides a long finger into her, her entrance wet and swollen and waiting for him. She rocks above him, and the effect of it is immobilizing, unthinkable, buzzing in his every extremity. He is going to slide in a second finger, but she has already shifted, so compelled by her want that she is sliding over his member again, pressing the tip of it to her entrance. It takes the effort of every shred of him not to plunge into her right then — she is so captivating, so eager, so beautiful. Her brows pucker and lift as the sensation of his hardness so close wells up in her, as her breathing grows shallow with want. “You want this?” he asks, his own voice hoarse. The question is solemn, without a hint of tease. They both know that this right here is a crossroads, the beginning of an inevitability they will never be able to take back. This is the time that it matters. This is the time that counts. “Yes,” she says at once, barely above a whisper. She rocks above him again, so close to her entrance that he can feel the pulse of it. “And you …?” “Yes.” He slides into her slowly, a fraction of an inch at at time. She moans uninhibitedly this time, her neck arching, her hair spilling in waves behind her. She clenches around him, and he stills at once as she breathes out the slight burn of it. He does not move, waiting in the fragile few seconds as she adjusts to his length and slowly works her way down, sliding the whole of him into her. “I had dreams like this,” she tells him. “I — ” “I know,” he says, “I had them too.” “Before I met you,” she says, shaking her head, trying to make him understand, “I — I had dreams about …” And he can see it now, the image released from some consciousness she herself had forgotten, some distant memory she has suppressed. There is some faceless presence in it, some warmth, and it surrounds her, comforts her, the only dream that makes sleeping worth the other nightmares. She rocks slightly, sliding up and down his shaft, the forgotten dream intersecting with reality. He lets her control the motion, lets her navigate the sensation really and truly for the first time, as she instinctively finds a rhythm. “Ben,” she breathes. The sound of the wretched name is so beautiful on her lips that he leans into kiss her, the taste of her mingling with the sweat, the heat, the saltiness of the ocean air. She braces her hands on his shoulders, steadying herself as she presses further into him. He reaches up to the soft curve of her cheek, her hair catching between his fingers as their lips part and they stare into each other. They rock together steadily like that for a long while, long enough that he starts to feel separate from his body, from all of its wear and all of its regrets and all of its sin. He drinks her in, the Light of her seeping into his skin like a balm. He does not taint her the way he feared he might; the more of her that he absorbs, the brighter she seems, until the Light is so overwhelming that he gives into it. He lets her overpower him. Lets her guide her way through his body, lets her fill up his heart. Her breath starts to quicken and unconsciously they both increase their rhythm, staring into each other’s eyes with a boldness and acceptance that he never imagined he could. Their mounting pleasure jars them out of their reverie, and suddenly her body is shuddering under his hands, her release imminent. He is so close that he knows she will push him over the edge, so he savors this moment, murmuring her name like a prayer — “Rey,” into her ear, “Rey,” into her mouth, “Rey,” up at the silent, darkening sky above them, bleeding all of their colors out into the dusk. This time she does not muffle herself, does not deny herself, gasping in earnest as the wave of her pleasure mounts. In the thrust that takes her over the edge, her body writhes above him, her orgasm clenching and unclenching around him, the unstoppable force of his pleasure surging until he releases. They ride out the impossible wave of it, every ripple of release giving way to a tighter, fiercer one, mounting until Rey cries out with the ecstasy of it, and he can hardly even find breath. When it’s over they fall into each other, gasping, a tangle of sweat and skin and a sweet kind of ache. She slowly pulls herself off of him, and he gives one last shudder, another aftershock of the climax pulsing through him. Then she lays down beside him in the sand, tucking her chin into his shoulder, letting him hold her as they slowly catch their breath. Before he can even grab hold of any logical thought, she is shaking her head into him. Not now. Not tonight . He turns his head just slightly and presses his lips to the space between her brows. He knows she is close to finishing the X-Wing. They will still depart in the morning, but they will not speak of it now; they have tonight. They have more than he has ever asked for, more than he has ever deserved. He can sense her trying to stay awake, trying to fill herself with the heaviness of all of these in between moments and commit them to memory. He is relieved when, despite her best efforts, she slackens in his arms and gives into the pull of sleep. She is safe from the thoughts that roil within him, the fear and the doubt and the impossibility of the deed that must be done. But they will succeed — they must. He has hours left to live, a few days at most, but he will make them count. He will save Rey. He will save their daughter. And if he never sees either of them again, if this really will be the end of him, then these precious few moments together will have to be enough. Notes: I don't know about y'all, but I'm stuck in snowmageddon right now, and apparently my brain reacts to that by writing the smuttiest smut smut that ever smutted. So I have given you a slightly longer chapter with like, two shreds of plot, but never fear! Plot will resume soon. In the meantime, hashtag bless all of you for your beautiful comments, you have no idea how much they mean to me. This fandom and this ship are so encouraging and tight knit and I wish I could just bake you all a cake of rainbows or whatever it is that girl from "Mean Girls" says. Sending many internet hugs :) Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They wake up just after dawn — or rather, Rey wakes and he feels it so seamlessly that his own eyes open in response to it. Her head is on his chest, his hand curved against the small of her back, her legs tangled in his, and everywhere in between is sand and more sand. He is not tired, but there is a weariness in them both, a finality in every breath. He feels her sigh, and they both know what it means. The X-Wing. The shadow of it looms over them like a threat. She tilts her head up to face him, an apology in her eyes. There is a sheen trace of sweat on her forehead, even in the cool morning air. “Are you alright?” She nods into his chest. Then pauses. Closes her eyes against him. “No.” When he breathes her head rises and falls with it. He takes his hands and strokes the top of her hair, skimming the tangles and the curls, still undone from the night before. His next words are brutal, his teeth tasting like acid on his tongue. “We should get moving.” He feels the cinch of her heart so close to his. “Right.” She peels herself off of him, still naked from the night before; he gets up and offers her his hand, and she takes it, rising with considerable more effort than he does thanks to her burden. Wordlessly, he gathers her clothes for her, and then the two of them redress as if the night before is a wound that needs covering before enough air touches it that it gets infected. Already it is tucked into some private, faraway place in him, somewhere he cannot quite bear to go again. There is quiet as she resumes fixing the X-Wing, and Ren suddenly feels useless, not entirely sure what to do with himself. A few rudimentary calculations tell him that it will take approximately half of a day to reach the system Leia gave him coordinates in. Unconsciously he finds himself trailing the skyline with his eyes, feeling a vague sense of unease that he cannot place. Too many things have gone wrong in his life for him to believe that this will go as easily as he hopes. “How close are you to finishing it?” he asks, hoping the question doesn’t sound as anxious as the feeling that prompted it. Rey doesn’t answer. Rey doesn’t move. She is standing on her feet, a hand pressed to her midsection. “What?” says Ren at once, walking over to her. “What is it?” “Nothing,” she says quickly, but it’s too late to lie to him. She is pale, sweating, her body betraying what her mind does not want to accept. “You’re …” She shakes her head vehemently. “It’s too soon,” she says. “I don’t know much about this, but I know that it’s — ” She pales, never finishing the sentence as she winces and hunches into herself. She looks up at him, her face fresh with guilt, with the pain that lances through her. “You’re in labor,” he says, his voice oddly calm even as his brain practically starts to scream with panic. “No,” she says miserably, righting herself again, shaking it off. “No, I can’t be. I don’t — I don’t know what it feels like, but it’s too soon. I’ve been keeping track of the days, and the med droids said it shouldn’t be for a few more weeks.” She is looking up at him desperately, waiting for him to confirm this stubborn belief. He knows nothing of childbirth himself, but he doesn’t have to. The truth is in the pain brewing in her eyes, in the unnatural flush of her cheeks and her neck. “I’m close to finishing the repairs,” she says weakly. He knows she shouldn’t be doing anymore work in this condition, but they have no other choice. “What can I do to help?” he says. She laughs, and it cuts through just enough of the panic that they seem to find some center, some snag of a cliff to hold onto before they plummet. But then she reminds him: “Our lightsabers. They’re still in the forest.” It strikes him just how entirely stupid they’ve been. “Of course,” he says. “I’ll be right back.” They’re right where they left them, of course — however unintentionally. His is at the base of a tree, hers a little further away, tucked into the cape that they’d been using as a makeshift blanket. As he picks hers up, this lightsaber he once thought so rightfully his, it occurs to him that leaving their lightsabers might have been stupid, but leaving her alone even for a few seconds is even stupider. He casts out his senses and she responds immediately, reassuring him of her safety, even seeming a little bit wry about it. It does very little to calm him. He ends up running back to her just the same, feeling a little foolish only when he finds her there, crouched over a control panel just the way he left her. “Take this,” he says, handing her the lightsaber. She takes it from him, pressing it into her belt. “Thank you.” The significance of the moment is not lost on either of them, even if they do not acknowledge it. “I don’t know where the Resistance base is,” she confesses. “I’m not sure where we should — ” “I know.” She raises an eyebrow at him. “You know where the Resistance base is?” she says, sounding almost amused. He nods solemnly. “My mother gave me the coordinates yesterday.” Rey pauses. “The General gave you coordinates,” she says carefully. “Yes.” He knows that she trusts him, that she can sense he isn’t lying, but he cannot fault her for her surprise. After a moment she resumes whatever circuitry she was manipulating, and he hovers over her, feeling useless again. “You haven’t had anymore … ? I mean, are you …?” “I’m fine,” she says in that stubborn way of hers. “And nothing else has — ” “Ben, I appreciate it, but the more you interrupt, the more — oh .” She is leaking. There is fluid gushing out of her, and she gasps, rolling off of her ankles to situate on her knees. He is at her side at once, kneeling beside her, watching as the horror slowly mounts on her face. He braces her shoulders with his hands. “We need to get up from the sand,” he says, an eerie calm washing over him. “Can you walk?” She shakes her head. “I mean, yes, but I — I have to finish the repairs — ” “We’re not going anywhere right now,” he says. She’s still shaking her head, not responding to the gentle pressure of the hands trying to nudge her to her feet. “I can fix it,” she says, “I just need a little more time — ” The last word ends with a sharp gasp as she clutches at her stomach again, wincing as another contraction tightens within her. He sees by the swell of her chest that she is holding her breath, trying to deny the pain, her hand still clenched around one of her pliers. “Breathe,” he reminds her. When she does she is panting, her eyes filling up with fresh tears. “I’m sorry,” she says. “I’m so sorry — ” “Do not apologize,” he says. “Nothing about this is your fault. And besides, we still have time — ” “We don’t,” she says. Her breath is hitching now, but not from the pain. The tears start flowing down her cheeks with astonishing speed, and she moans with an entirely different kind of agony before informing him with a terrible grimness, “Snoke. He’s felt it. They’re — they’re coming.” Ren feels the blood icing in his veins. “I can’t feel anything,” he says quietly, trying to assure her. She shakes her head. “I can’t either. But she can — agh .” Another contraction. As little as they both know about this, Ren can sense that something is wrong, that this is happening too quickly. Rey clenches her eyes shut through the next ripple of pain, and as soon as she starts to breathe again, he hooks one arm under her shoulders and another under the crook of her knees, lifting her off of the sand. She curls into him, balling his tunic into one of her fists as she tries to master herself. Even still, her terror is coiled so tightly around her, so stifling, that he can feel it more freshly than her physical pain. “It’s going to be alright,” he says. She shakes her head into his chest, her face still flush with sweat and tears. “I can’t do this,” she says, “not here, not like this — ” “You have to.” He sets her down gently in the same soft place he lay her their first night here, then sets his cape down on the ground for her to situate herself on. “She — she doesn’t understand,” says Rey, a sudden weakness in her voice that frightens him. “She is trying to weaken our Force signature again. To hide. But I …” “We just have to stay calm,” he says firmly. He situates himself behind her, and she lets her shoulders fall into him, weak with an exhaustion that was beyond her even mere minutes ago. He can sense her fading, the energy slipping out of her like water from a cracked cup. The nightmare — maybe it was a vision. Maybe he was already too late. Maybe this is how it ends. “Oh, god. ” She curls in on herself again as another contraction hits, and Ren swallows the panic that wells up in him, holding her steady and reminding her to breathe. When this one is over she falls back on him, limp, her eyes sliding shut. “Rey,” he says. Her eyes flutter back open, alarmed. “You have to stay with me, okay?” She nods, her chin quivering, her eyes struggling to stay open even so. “I don’t know what to do,” she says. “The closer they get, the more scared she is … I can’t do this. I won’t be able to do this.” Her breath is coming too fast now, wrought with fear. “She’s going to die because I can’t do this — “ “No,” says Ren, pressing his lips into her hair. “Here’s what is going to happen: You are going to meditate — ” She laughs out loud, a desperate, manic kind of sound. “You will,” he insists, “I know you can. You will preserve your energy for as long as you can.” “And when the First Order comes?” Ren grits his teeth, grateful that she can’t see his expression. “Let me worry about that.” Another low moan escapes her, whether of protest or pain, he cannot tell. She is inaccessible to him again, locked in her own terror, in the child’s. He instructs her to breathe, tells her to empty her mind. He tells her give herself away to the Force, and feels himself peeling away from reality as well — she follows his energy further out, as if she is swimming out to meet him beyond the crash of the waves on the shore, some place where the water is calm and steady, weightless and deep. He stays as present as he can while keeping her under, keeping her safe. Every now and then she hitches a little bit with the roll of another contraction, but her focus is formidable, not breaking for the better part of an hour. He tries to let go of his sense of time, afraid that she will feel him measuring it, but she is so far within herself that his thoughts don’t even seem to touch her. When she finally breaks her concentration she gasps, and Ren is almost comforted by the sound of it — she’s still fighting. She’s still here. “I have to push,” she tells him through her teeth, “I feel her, she’s — ” She throws her weight back on him then, crying out with a wretchedness that stills his own breath, her hands clutching her stomach. It won’t be long now, he understands. He casts his senses out, and now even he can feel them — the First Order ships, fast approaching. They have minutes at most. She sinks into him again, her breath ragged, her eyes glassy. “Stay,” he compels her, pressing a hand to her moist forehead, pushing the hair out of her eyes. “Stay with me.” The words bubble up uncertainly: “I’m trying.” Another push, and he can sense her growing weaker, can sense the energy that she managed to preserve wiping itself out with astonishing speed. He presses his own hand to her stomach, trying to compel the child. Stay calm. It will be alright . But it won’t — and the child is as unreachable as Rey. The two of them are on their own now. He has never felt more powerless than he does right now. There is no mistaking the presence of the First Order ship when it breaks the atmosphere, the harsh sound of its descent and the crunch of its landing piercing through the quiet on the planet that they had, until this moment, taken for granted. “ No ,” Rey cries out, the word ripping from her throat. “No, please, no — ” Ren eases her to the ground. She can barely support herself on her elbows, but she is just steady enough that she doesn’t fall back. “Don’t go,” she begs him as he gathers himself up, as his fingers graze the holt of his lightsaber. “Please, Ben, don’t go.” He turns one last time to look at her, and tells the same lie that he came to hate his own father for: “I’ll be right back.” She is sobbing by the time he starts to walk away, his name tangled in her tears, saying it over and over again. The sound of it still haunts him even as he reaches the edge of the jungle, the familiar First Order ship gleaming just beyond him. He takes a breath. It is impossible to shake his grief, his terror, his guilt — but he must. For their sake, he must play this through to the end, no matter how painful it is at the time. His expression is slack by the time he emerges, coming face to face with a squadron of stormtroopers and none other than General Hux. His revulsion is instant, rising up in him like bile; it takes every last shred of his self-control not to snarl at the smug, pale man standing before him. “Kylo Ren,” says General Hux, seeming to savor his perceived superiority. Ren nods. “You’ve come for the child.” If Hux is thrown off by Ren’s bluntness, by his lack of attack, his face betrays nothing. “I have direct orders from the Supreme Leader to deliver the child to him. Personally.” “It will be a few minutes more, at least,” says Ren indifferently. “The girl is still giving birth to it.” Hux stares at him suspiciously. Ren is reeling, trying to conjure some way to fix this — even he cannot take down forty stormtroopers singlehandedly, not if he runs the risk of even one of them escaping long enough to reach Rey. That aside, he can sense reinforcements above; with no X-Wing and the best pilot between them in the throes of labor, they have no prayer of getting off this planet. One of the stormtroopers shifts his weight just slightly in the sand. FN-2187. Ren doesn’t let his gaze so much as flicker over to the uniform-clad traitor, but he casts out his senses, making sure he is correct in his judgment. It is him. There is no mistaking it. And beside him, another — not a stormtrooper. An energy he recognizes. The pilot that escaped. “I’ll go to her,” says Ren, “and bring the child when it is over.” “Do you think I am a fool?” says Hux. Ren stares back at him with the same savage expression Hux inspires all too easily. “Do you doubt my loyalty to the Supreme Leader?” “Doubt it?” Hux says, a mocking edge in his voice. “I know it. You fled the base to go to her. You have cloaked yourself on this empty planet for over a week. You betray this order, betray our wise master, everything we stand for — ” “In due time I will explain my actions, and I have no doubt that Supreme Leader Snoke will not only understand them, but commend them,” says Ren, overpowering him without so much as raising his voice. When Hux still looks suspicious, he sighs and says, “To put it simply, if I had not come here, the girl would have perished. The Supreme Leader would have lost an extremely valuable asset, an asset that I have spent the last week ensuring the safety of.” Hux’s jaw is set, his eyes hard. “I don’t believe you.” “The child is extremely Force sensitive. It scares easily. Your presence on this planet has caused it to react by weakening the girl’s Force signature, making the task of birthing it all the more difficult.” “Why should it be afraid of the Supreme Leader?” says Hux lowly. “Because it is foolish, like its mother.” Ren bites back the acidic taste of the words. “But it is malleable. Under the Supreme Leader’s guidance, it will see truth.” Hux bristles, unsure how to assert his authority given the new information. “How much longer until its delivery?” Hux demands of him. “Soon,” says Ren. “Allow me to return to the forest. The child trusts me.” “And what of the girl?” says Hux. “I have orders to take her, too.” Ren looks him in the eye, unflinching. “It is highly unlikely she will survive, but you are welcome to what’s left of her.” An awful, unthinkable silence follows. “Send me with some of your men, if you must,” Ren suggests. It is this that finally convinces Hux. He jerks his head and calls out the numbers of two of the stormtroopers. To Ren’s blinding, unfathomable relief, the traitor and the pilot are the two who step forward and begin walking over to him. When they reach him, Ren gives Hux a sharp nod, then wordlessly turns back into the jungle with the two false stormtroopers in tow. He feels something well up within him, something acute and dangerous — hope. Even with these new odds he understands how slim his success will be, but it’s a chance. They have a chance . Ren feels FN-2187 lift his blaster at the back of his head and lowers his arm with the Force in one swift motion. Then, to their astonishment, he rounds on them fiercely. “What is the plan?” he demands. For a moment neither of them speaks. “I know what you are,” says Ren. “I know why you’re here. Tell me that you have more reinforcements than this. Tell me there’s a plan .” After another beat, it’s the pilot who speaks: “We have several Resistance ships on the dark side of the planet.” “Summon them,” says Ren. He turns his back on them then — he’s already been away from Rey for too long, and the more time that passes, the more her signature fades from his detection. When the two of them hesitate, he rounds on them with blackness in his eyes and says, “We do not have another second to waste. Summon them now .” He doesn’t bother looking back again, distantly registering as they follow him, as he presses through the landscape to get back to her side. He is almost weak with gratitude when he sees her where he left her, pale and drained, but alive. Her teeth are grit, her gaze glassy, but when she sees them something impossible sparks back into her eyes. “You came back,” she gasps. “You’re here.” “I’m here,” he says, crouching down beside her again, ignoring the palpable shock of his companions. “What are they — ” “It’s alright,” he says, “they’re going to help us.” “How could they — agh. ” She bears down, and he can see the head emerging from her, her entire body shuddering with the effort. Her eyes are sliding shut again. There is so little left of her that he doesn’t understand how he is conscious at all. “Come on, Rey,” he says, jostling her slightly, trying to keep the fear out his voice. “You can do this. One more push. Come on.” She nods at him vaguely, and pushes once more, so mightily that her scream echoes through the trees. Their daughter slides out of her and into his hands, red and slimy and smushed and perfect. Ren holds her dumbly, his hands almost as big as she is, staring at her tiny face until it screws itself up and her mouth opens with a wail. It is the most beautiful sound he has ever heard. Rey is laughing, weak with her own relief. “Let me — let me hold her …” There is no time, but Ren cannot deny her. Her arms crook to take the child, and the sight of them together takes his breath away, the fragile beauty of this moment forever pressed into his heart. Rey smiles as her eyes start to slide shut. He takes the baby from her just before she slumps, before she falls back into the ground — Ren is shaking, mindless, holding the child and forgetting himself entirely. “Take her,” he finally manages to say, handing her over to FN-2187. The man seems to hesitate, staring down at his friend, his pain palpable even through his mask. “ Take her.” “Go,” says the pilot, nodding at him, and only then does the traitor take the child, tuck her as carefully in his arms as he can, and move toward the thick jungle. Ren is back on his knees in an instant, gathering Rey up in to his arms, pressing a hand to her cold cheek. “Rey,” he pleads, casting out his senses, feeling nothing at all. His worst and truest fear. The dream that is forever seared in him, now coming to pass. Do not make my mistakes. Ren grits his teeth, shaking her. “You have to stay with me,” he tells her. “I came back. You have to come back .” He obeyed. He didn’t make the mistake. Rey was supposed to be safe . The pilot’s hand is on his shoulder. Ren shudders violently, shaking it off. “We have to get her back to the ship,” he says, with a calm that is so far beyond Ren that he almost cannot hear it. Can’t he see? It doesn’t matter. If he brings her back to the Resistance, they will be bringing back a shell. His Rey is already gone. And he can’t leave her. Let them come for him. They will find him here, clutching to her until his last moments. She will be the last thing he ever sees, the last touch he ever feels. They can take his life away from him, but they can’t take this. The pilot presses his hand down on Rey’s chest. “She’s still alive,” he says. “Let me take her.” Ren blinks at him, not entirely registering. “She’s …” Her signature is too weak for him to sense it, but he presses his own hand down on her heart and feels it now. Faint. Slow. But barely there, teetering just on the edge of death. She won’t make it to the ship. And even if she does, they won’t get off-planet with the First Order circling the place like the predators they are. But still, he painfully untangles himself from her, lifting her and handing her to the pilot. As soon as she is secure in his arms, he looks at the other man and says grimly, “I’ll hold them off.” The pilot nods. “I’ll keep them safe.” Ren doesn’t look back at the two retreating men — the two men whose lives he unintentionally spared, the two men who were at his mercy on multiple occasions and escaped. He remembers the flicker of disobedience from FN-2187 on Jakku; remembers the last minute decision to keep the so-called best pilot in the Resistance alive for an extra hour, the very hour he used to escape. Small, inconsequential moments that cost him, that haunted him — that now save everything that matters to him. They are waiting for him when he reaches the clearing, blasters firing before he is even in sight. He clutches his saber, feeling its ferocious hum between his fingers, and gives into the anger one last time. Notes: *skulks away* Chapter 11 Notes: Sorry for the delay, guys. Those of you keeping up with me on the Tumblr know that I broke my computer by waterlogging it, and after I lost this chapter my brain short circuited right along with it. But I eventually came to terms emotionally with having to rewrite it, so finally, my friends, here is the last chapter of The Bargain. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) His dreams are infinite. The sounds come in impossible vacuums, and then around him burst all at once; he hears voices he recognizes, voices he dreads, voices that are beyond him; the world is black and white and grey and sometimes it doesn’t exist at all. Everything is heavy. It feels like there are weights crushing his body, pressing him into his own consciousness, tantalizing him with the idea that relief will come any moment — a relief that never does. Somehow he still breathes, somehow he still thinks and exists and feels, but every second of it is a slow and morbid torture punctuated by images he has long since forgotten. He dreams of being in his bed back at home, down the hall from his mother; dreams of the slippery voice that weaved in and out of his dreams, beckoning him, listening to him, understanding the parts of him that he himself could not fathom. He dreams of the ache, dreams of biting the inside of his cheek raw, bursting to tell his mother, afraid that if he does that this shiny, cold new world Snoke is offering him will be ripped from his grasp. He dreams of the schism in his heart, of the distant stare of his father, of the rain beating down on an unfamiliar planet in an unfamiliar bed. He dreams of the ripples that pulsed through him, dark and frightening and powerful. Help me . He dreams of the blue of the ocean, the blue of a saber, the blue of his uncle’s eyes. Help me . He dreams of the stillness of his own agony, the dark silence of his undoing, the unnerving ease of his surrender. Then … red. Red light. Red blood. Red heart. Ben … what have you done? The darkness of space, hurtling him forward. Sweaty palms on a humming hilt. Flushed face under a mask. The beat, beat, beat of a heart he does not recognize. The faceless stares of his new brethren. Find her. Fire. Wailing. Smoke. Kill them all. A little girl, standing still among the bodies, staring at him with wide eyes. The cinch of his heart, the fear — her fear — in his chest. One second, then two, then — Run. She does — and he falls to his knees, leveled by her power, by her Light. Find her . The darkness of space, hurtling him forward. Shaking palms on a humming hilt. Terror-stricken face under a mask. The beat, beat, beat of a heart that does not fit inside of him. The calculating stares of robed strangers. He dreams in excruciating detail, feeling all the nerves in his body come alive — dreams of the ship in Jakku’s orbit, the target that locks on it, on the little island girl with bare feet and death in her eyes. The ship burns in the awful quiet of space, shuttering out of existence, taking the girl and her mother with it. It’s over. It’s done. She’s gone. Ben . Until she isn’t. The sound of her voice is grating, painful, unbearable. The only reason he knows he is alive is that otherwise she would not haunt him. Of course, he should know better than to think peace will come with death. Ben, wake up . He hears her. He always has. Years later he finally understands — the call from the Light. The quiet voice that tangled his dreams. The ghost of the touch he felt in the moments before he woke. The scream from above echoing the scream from within the moment he plunged his lightsaber into Han Solo. It was Rey. It was always Rey. Please, Ben . His eyes open unremarkably. His breathing does not change. It is as if he has been awake for hours, and was merely resting his eyes; there is no panic, no fear, no nothing. He is entirely numb. And then her hand is on his. He turns his head, and then the pain finally sears through him — the bones in his body feel raw, unformed, and his skin is on fire. He understands at once why he is not chained or bound; there is nothing he can do. No place he can go. Nowhere to hide from Rey and her swimming eyes, her crumpling brow, the quake of her hand squeezing his. He does not return the gesture, staring at her wordlessly. The girl whose fate he sealed. The girl whose mother he murdered. The girl whose child now carries the impossible burden of his legacy. “Ben …” She is pale, but that familiar hardiness has returned. The flush of her cheeks, her red nose, her raw lips. She’s here. She’s alive. He turns his head as much as he can, ignoring the agony of it. “Go away.” It takes her a moment. “What?” He slides his hand out of her grasp. “Leave,” he says, his voice hoarse from disuse. “No,” she says, quiet but determined. He feels that familiar warmth in his chest, feels her trying to slide past his barrier, probing into his heart, and then — He slams her out so quickly that she gasps out loud. He shuts his eyes, wishing he didn’t have to hear it, wishing she wouldn’t torture him with her presence for one moment longer. She doesn’t try to probe again. He can hear her breathing, hear the slight rattle in her chest, the tears in her throat. “You told me you would come back.” He doesn’t answer. It is too late to explain that he was never truly with her at all. Rey leaves, and Ren slips back into his dreams. They push through him now, like fitful birds, scathing his consciousness and disappearing again. The burn of a lightsaber searing his face. The slam of Snoke’s will forcing into his mind. The cry of a baby. He wakes, and a pain lessens a bit every time. When he finally moves his arm upward for the first time, someone enters the room. He is sure it is Rey. He can sense her hovering just outside the door. But it isn’t. “FN-2187.” The other man’s expression doesn’t change. “It’s Finn, actually. That’s my name.” Ren stares back at him, feeling a poisonous kind of loathing under his skin. He hates this man. He hates him for his betrayal. He hates him for seeing him at his weakest. But most of all, he hates him for the debt he now owes him, one that can never be repaid. “What do you want?” Of course, Ren already knows what he wants. He wants Rey to be happy. He can see it in those ridiculous, overly-sensitive eyes, his affection for her like an ugly bruise. “The healers are too scared to come in here,” says Finn candidly. “They sent me instead.” He starts fiddling with something on the left side of the bed. “Don’t bother,” Ren says through his teeth. Finn ignores him. A minute or so passes in silence as the other man fiddles with the machinery behind him. He thinks of a hundred menacing things he could say, awful things he could do, ways he could shred this man without so much as lifting a finger. In the end, though, there is nothing he can do that will outmatch what Finn does to him first. “By the way,” he says on his way out the door. “Your daughter’s name is Nira.” Another day passes. It is brutal, the slow clarity that comes over him; the pain freshens, and his skin itches and burns as it heals. He lays there, too broken to bother with a plan. They may revive him, but he knows the truth: he is a dead man either way. Dead at the hands of the Resistance, dead at the hands of Snoke. Nobody could save Ben Solo the same way nobody will be able to save Kylo Ren. All the while he can feel her there, just outside the door. Pacing. Standing. Sitting. The child is with her, a milder presence now, her strength with the Force nowhere near as blinding as it was in the womb. He knows from his own experience and from watching the younglings who came after him that she will remain that way for a few years, before opening herself up to her potential again. Nira . He has no idea how much time has passed since his face off with Hux and the stormtroopers. In fact, he has no idea how he survived it. For all the memories that have haunted him, reliving themselves on an excruciating loop day after day after day, he cannot seem to recall the very events that led him here. The last thing he remembers is the irrevocable grief, the maddening rage, the sharp light of his saber piercing the air — Hux is dead. It is only a flash, but he sees it too clearly, too vividly to dismiss it as anything but the truth. He sees the other man below him, his mouth gurgling blood, his pale eyes unseeing and tilted toward the sky. But then … He must have fought off the stormtroopers. That would have been simple enough. So once Hux was dead, then the stormtroopers, then … then what? Why is he immobilized, practically crippled, trapped in the weakness of his own body? Snoke. The chill that runs up his body is visceral even through the relentless agony. He casts out his senses, wondering why it didn’t occur to him to check before; but he can’t sense anything. His heart is in his throat, in his ears, roaring in his blood. Is he — could he really be — ? No . Ren feels something; not the signature he is used to, but some shadow of it. He is weak, but alive. He is every bit as reduced as Ren. Before he can begin to process exactly what this means or how it could have happened, Snoke’s signature is gone — whatever is left of his strength he is using to cloak himself, so effectively that he might have blinded the entire galaxy. He’s still out there, then. He’s still out there, and it’s only a matter of time before he comes back to collect every selfish thing he holds dear. The next day Rey sets her hand on the doorknob outside of his room. Don’t . She takes her hand off, but she doesn’t move. The door opens anyway, a few minutes later. He had not considered how capable his own mother could be in cloaking herself from him — had not considered that she might ever try — until she is already in the room, the door shutting behind her. He doesn’t look at her. He doesn’t breathe. “Look at me, Ben.” His eyes have nowhere else to go, and finally he is staring into the face of a woman he has not seen in over ten years. A face that he had so lovingly memorized as a boy, now older, lined and heavy with grief. But her eyes, those kind, stern eyes are exactly the same, and right now there is more power in them than any one human can bear. She should hate him. Her love feels toxic, filling him in places that are already too full, threatening to burst. But she is unwavering as ever, standing in that steady way of hers, drinking him in the same way she used to whenever she left. She doesn’t say it. She knows better than to try, and he knows better than to pretend he cannot feel it. Instead they stare. He knows he has no right to speak to her. He waits. She sits on the edge of the bed, and commits the most terrible of kindnesses. Before he can stop her, she has raised a hand to his forehead and is pushing the hair out of his face. The gesture is so tender, so familiar, that it undoes him; there is no doubt she can feel the pulse of his anguish, because it only seems to harden her resolve as she continues to stroke his hair back, looking at him like he is a child. When she finally speaks, her words are nothing that he expects. “You aren’t finished yet.” He shakes his head just slightly, not willing to move away from her touch. She presses her lips into a grim, sympathetic line. “You feel it,” she says. “Snoke. He’s still out there.” The shame has never felt as heavy as it does in this moment. For years he has failed his mother, time and time again; only now does he face the burden of failing Rey and their daughter as well. “I can’t defeat him,” he says, the words thick on his tongue. She removes her hand with one last loving pat on his cheek. “Not alone, you can’t,” she says to him. He shudders, suddenly cold in the absence of her touch. He knows what she is implying. He knows of the impossible force standing just outside that door — the girl who has spent her life waiting is now waiting again. Waiting for him. Waiting in vain. He has done enough to Rey in this lifetime. He can’t do this to her, too. “She needs you, Ben,” says his mother. “You need each other.” “He’ll take them.” He has to close his eyes for a moment to keep himself from becoming overwhelmed; he is too weak in this state to fully master himself, and something about his mother’s presence magnifies every feeling tenfold. “He’ll take them away from me.” It is the worst thing he could say to the woman he stole that very same thing from. She flinches, and he immediately hates himself for it, but it’s too late to take it back now. “You need to understand this,” says his mother carefully, recovering faster than he does. “You are alive and safe on Resistance soil solely because I have convinced the rest of our leaders that you are the key to defeating Snoke. You and Rey. Together.” He is dizzy at the thought of it, but he doesn’t protest. “You know it’s the only way.” He wishes more than anything she was wrong. She gets up to leave then, moving slowly, with a deliberateness that she didn’t used to have. He remembers her so differently – always in a rush, her hair poking out of its elaborate updos, always reminding herself of something or reminding him to remind her of something, always fiddling with the fabric of her clothes or patting down his hair or finding something that needed to be contained. She is somehow softer and harder all at once, smoothed out on her edges, heavier in her heart. “Mother,” he says — or maybe someone else is saying it, but falls out of him anyway, desperate and inadequate and unsure — “I’m sorry.” Her back is still turned to him, but she stops and tilts her head with a quiet, “I know.” When he finally lifts himself up from the bed, nobody stops him. It is well past midnight on the Resistance base. He eases himself away from the mattress, his bones aching and his muscles screaming, and walks toward the door with a ridiculous kind of ease. There isn’t so much as an light that goes off to indicate his absence, and he is struck again by the infuriating trust of these people. He has never been here before, but he doesn’t have to know this place to find her in it. He is slow, unsteady, stopping every few paces to recover. His left leg in particular has not had much time to heal, and he can practically feel it crunching underneath him as he follows the sweet pulse of their energies down one hall, down another, and another, until finally he reaches the room that is unmistakably hers. There is a spot by the door he is supposed to palm to get it to open. He supposes he could use the Force to wrench it open himself, but he has a notion, however absurd — and sure enough, when he places his hand on the sensor, it whooshes open with impressive mechanical silence. She doesn’t stir as the door shuts behind him. His eyes struggle to adjust to the dim light of the tiny room — a bed, an end table, a dresser, a cradle. His eyes linger on it for a moment as the shapes start to sharpen, the tiny room starts to focus. Rey is on the bed, curled into herself the way she usually is, laying on top of the sheets in a set of pale bedclothes. Nestled in the crook of her is their daughter, full-cheeked and olive-skinned with a shock of dark hair on the top of her head. It occurs to him that he has no idea how long he spent unconscious in that facility until he sees the evidence before him, her tiny chest rising and falling, not quite as tiny as it used to be. A few weeks and he has already missed so much. The bed is not all that large, but Rey lays on only one side of it, a bare space left behind that could only be meant for him. He stares at the untouched sheets, the pristine pillow, the portion of her heart she has left carved for him despite everything he has done. He may not deserve it, but she does. He sinks down into the empty spot, as carefully as he can with his weak limbs; the mattress dips slightly under his weight, but does not creak, and Rey and the baby do not stir. For a long while he lays there in the darkness, watching them. It is the only time he has ever seen Rey’s face composed in some semblance of peace. She seems more beautiful than she ever has been, and yet again he is struck with the now familiar fear — that he will taint that beauty, that innocence, seeping into her and leaching it out. Look at what he has already done to her; look at what he continues to do even now. And yet from all of it comes her . From all of their struggle, their heartache, their agony, comes this one perfect, doomed little creature, laying between them with no idea of the power within her, no idea of the responsibility she will one day bear. He lifts a finger, feeling giant next to her miniature form, and strokes the soft skin on the back of her neck. He mouths her name, and she makes this tiny little baby snuffle, and he has known since the moment Snoke first told him of her existence: he will do anything for her. They both will. His life is no longer his to throw away or take for granted — it is his to protect their daughter, not just from making his mistakes, but from the mistakes he has already made. Eventually he lays with them so long that he can feel their heartbeats, in a mismatched, perfect tandem, steadying his own. His eyes slide shut, and a few times they fly open — but there they are, right where he left them. This accidental family. This strange new version of home. When he finally does fall asleep, it is merciful, dreamless, and good. His eyes peel open and immediately meet Rey’s. She can’t have been up for long; her own eyes are still clouded from sleep, her lids heavy, her eyelashes slick with unshed tears. When she sees him awake one of them slides out of her, down her nose and onto the bedspread. “When I — when I woke up the first time,” she says in a whisper, “I thought you were dead.” He leans forward, careful not to disturb the child. He knows that kind of grief. He remembers all too well watching the life leave her eyes, feeling the dead weight of her in his arms, in his nightmares, in his memory. He presses his lips onto hers, feeling her shake underneath his touch. When he pulls away, she sees the fear in her eyes. The questions she needs answered, the promises she does not dare ask him to make. The words are not coherent even in her own mind, but he feels the familiar pain of them and understands the root of every soundless thought: more than anything, she is afraid of losing this. More than anything, she is afraid of once more being the one who is left behind. He has already made her the only promise he can. For the first time, she returns it, staring at him with a grave kind of certainty and saying, “I love you.” He wishes it weren’t true. He wishes this child had a different father. He wishes Rey were laying beside somebody who deserved her, who could protect her, who wouldn’t remind her of every horror in her past. He wishes he had never met her. He wishes he weren’t so selfish that he actually meant any of that. She laces her fingers in between his, prying his large hand with her small one. He squeezes it, sending her some rhythm of himself, the only reassurance he can. Nothing is certain anymore. Soon they will be at war again, the two of them. The only difference is that this time they will be fighting for the same side. The child stirs between them and he freezes, suddenly uncertain. Rey shifts up into a sitting position, kissing the top of Nira’s head, and says to him, “Take her.” He has held her before, of course, but it was different. It was thoughtless, swollen with relief and hot with panic, and she was out of his grasp in another instant. Now it is not so instinctive, not so urgent; his stature, the intimidating whole of him that he always carried with such pride, suddenly seems like it will betray him. His arms are too large, his hands too clumsy, his embrace too unsure. Rey smiles reassuringly, scooping her up with an ease so practiced that it only intimidates him more. The child is his, but he does not know her, not in the way that Rey does. This is not natural to him, and it never will be. It has been mere minutes and he is already letting them down. “Here,” says Rey, prompting him to hold out his arms. She hands her to him before he is fully ready, and the weight of her is so slight and fragile in his arms that his entire body goes stiff with uncertainty. The child opens her eyes — Rey’s eyes, the same way he dreamed, the same way he knew they would be — and in the next instant she has opened her tiny mouth, hiccuped, and started to wail. “I’m sorry,” he says, the humiliation hot and instant, burning from his chest to the tips of his ears. He tilts himself back toward Rey, trying to pass her back off, but Rey won’t take her. He looks toward her desperately, rambling like a fool: “I’m sorry, you shouldn’t — I don’t know how to — she hates me,” he ends pathetically. He is expecting Rey to tease him in that way of hers, expecting that tiny smirk or that wry light in her eye. Instead she plants a hand on his shoulder and another into his wrist, pressing his arm closer to the inside of him. “Hold her closer to your chest,” she says, her voice calm even as the child wails. He resists her touch, his eyes wide. “I’ll crush her,” he says, “I can’t — ” “You can,” she says, and he relents under her touch. He presses his arm closer to him, and Rey moves the other arm under it so that both of his arms are cradling her now. He winces, scared even that the fluctuation of his breath will hurt her, but to his surprise she burrows into the little space between his chest and his arms and sinks into it contentedly. It is quiet for a moment, and then a breathy, desperate laugh escapes him. When he looks up Rey is beaming. “It won’t be like before,” she says, cutting through his deepest fear in that blunt way that only she can. The faded imprints of their own memories pass between them — the sound of his father’s key in the door, the quiet tears of his mother, the soft hands that pressed into Rey’s on a desert planet and lied. Sitting here with Nira staring up at him, the ache of them seems to fade somewhere deep, their hearts too full of her to make room for the pain of the past. “We’re going to do this right.” There are a hundred things he wants to tell this child, a hundred things that she is far too young to understand, things that he is only just beginning to understand himself. His vision blurs, his chest seizing slightly with the awe amd the endlessness of it all, thinking of every wasted, insignificant moment that led to this one right here. Rey leans back into the pillows with him, resting her head on his shoulder, skimming the baby’s forehead with her fingers. It is the grounding touch he needs, and he is here with them again. For a moment, he does not question, does not bargain, does not doubt. He lets himself be with them here, and lets himself feel it in its entirety, the thrill and the burn and the impossible ache of his love. Tomorrow they will rise from here. Tomorrow they will make their plans, arm their bodies, and prepare to fight. But right now, he is something he has never been, something he never realized he could be: he is happy. He is whole. There is no doubt in his mind that together they will defeat Snoke, because it is from his ignorance, from his most fatal mistake, that they now they share something he will never understand — a life worth fighting for. Notes: WELP. If anybody needs me, I'm going to be self-therapeutically writing my way through the baller Modern AUs y'all sent me and trying to recover from my many emotions. REYLO FOREVER AND EVER GOOD DAY AND BB-8 BLESS