Who Are You And Who The Hell Am I? I gasped in cold air and coughed several times, regaining all my senses and began to take notes as to my location as if it was a second nature. I could see a metallic wall, curving around behind me and looked up to see a single dim light. The floors were a dark metal. I was in a circular room. The air was cold and smelled like a hospital. Breathing in deeply I recognized the oddly familiar extra expand of my lungs due to a difference in air pressure. I was in space. I moved my tongue around in my mouth, it was dry and stiff along with the rest of my body. I stretched slightly before concluding that I had not been given water in at least 48 hours. My stomach growled and I felt my body screaming for substance to devour. I was not in considerate hands. My whole body was restrained to a table which was positioned at an angle, somewhere between horizontal and vertical. There were straps bound tightly around my wrists, forearms, neck, chest, waist, thighs, knees and ankles. After attempting to break loose of the bonds I looked up in despair and noticed a small, almost unnoticeable camera, pointed directly at me. Someone did not want me going anywhere. I was still in my classic faded blue robes and my heavy brown boots, even if they did smell like a public restroom on Jakku. My hair had been combed out and into a loose bun, out of the way of the table I was tied down to. My captors weren’t complete assholes. Hopefully. My focus was tarnished when the sound of a door opening loudly echoed behind me. Footsteps looped around to directly behind me, then around the table and to my front. I kept my eyes down to the ground, out of anger but mainly fear. In my line of sight were a pair of large black shoes and the beginnings of a long black robe. Someone obviously loved black, or was just trying to look cool. I trembled slightly, goosebumps rising on my arms and chest. “Do you know where you are.” A distorted, mechanical voice echoed in the room. My heart beat heavy in my chest, it was like it was 5 times to large, so loud I was sure my captor could hear it. “Space.” I quietly replied. The figure didn't reply right away, making me lift my head to peer at them. Stood before me was a figure in black robes and a black helmet. They reminded me of the storm troopers I had heard of… somewhere. Where was that? Where was here? Where was I? “Where am I?" I asked softly. My expression must have been the oddest mix of confusion and fear. “Space.”, The figure responded and I could feel the smirk on their face. They sounded and looked like the body of a man. His response angered me, “Where am I?” I said, more confidently and definitely louder. “You are on a ship owned by The First Order, being taken back its home base.” The figure took a step closer to me and I flinched, my head hitting the back of the table. “What do you remember about yourself, or anything else for the matter of that?” He cocked his head an centimeter or two. My eyes shifted around the room as I thought, “(Y/N).” I said. “My name, I’m 18…” My eyes fell at the realization that those pieces of information was all I contained. I couldn’t remember my family, if I had one, where I had come from, or anything about myself and my life before I woke up in this strange environment. All I knew was my name, age and that the clothes I was wearing were my own. I let out a panicked gasp and started to breath quicker than before. “So I have successfully wiped your memory.” The figure said, sitting down on a stool that had blended in with the darkness of the room. Again I let out a shocked cry. “What? No! Give them back.” Tears pooled in my eyes, “What do you want?!” I yelled and shook violently. “Take it! Just fucking take it!” I screamed at the unmoving figure in front of me. “Who are you?! What have you done?! Where am I?! Who am I?!” I hyperventilated then gasped for air and let my body hang loose on the table, feeling as if I had wasted all the energy I had left on screaming at the man in front of me. My breathing slowed and tears streamed down my face. The figure stood and slowly raised his hands towards his black and silver mask. I watched as the mask was removed and as it fell to the floor. My captor was indeed a man, no more that 25 years of age, pale skin, with waves of black hair and eyes that could freeze a soul. He strutted over to me in two simple strides until his face was centimeters from mine. I felt my breath slip from my lips and I locked eyes with my captor. “Indeed, I will take it,” Again, my heart beat strongly in my chest and I could feel the warmth of his breath on my face, “I can take whatever I want.” That line hit me like a ton of bricks to the stomach. With all the strength I had left I spat in his face, my saliva dripping down his cheek and nose. He scowled and wiped my spit off his face with a gloved hand, then brought it back down across my face. He hit me hard, my head rung with the force of his blow. “Stupid girl! You dare disrespect me, the only remaining godly power in the galaxy?” He said loudly and sternly, using heavy breaths. If my legs hadn’t been bound, my foot would have swung up to kick him where it would hurt. “I don’t care who you think you are,” I spoke darkly and with false confidence, “I am not one to be toyed with, people will be looking for me, and when they find me, you’re a dead man.” I turned my head to the side and refused to look at him, out of fear he might call my obvious bluff. An invisible hand found its way to my jaw and ripped my face back to look at the cloaked man. He had his hand held out and a spark in his eyes, was this the “Force” I had heard of? Where had I heard of it? He squeezed my neck slightly, twisting his hand in the air. My head moved with his hand and I clenched my jaw, grinding my teeth. “You really don’t remember anything, do you?” He smiled an evil smile. Suddenly my mind was filled with pain and pressure, my brain was being pulled apart and pushed together all at once. My skull felt like it was cracking in multiple places, as well as my neck stiffening into an impossible straight line. I could no longer feel my skin or the rest of my body, my eyes straining to pop out of my skull. I let out a strange cry and I fought against my restraints. The man in front of me had his hand clenched, still held between us, and a cold expression. This power struck fear into my heart and my wailing mind. He flooded my head with broken memories of a sad life, stuck in a desert orphanage, of dry rainy nights and countless fights lost, of a cold night in the sand dunes. I saw many faces blend together to form one, his face. I saw my capture, I was an unfortunate witness of the Resistance fight with the First Order on the green, lush planet of Takodana. Suddenly the memories were, once again, ripped from my mind and I was forced to focus back on the intense pain being inflicted upon me. The man dropped his hand and the pain was gone, in its place was a subtle sting, a reminder of the man's capability. I gasped and panted, panicking, realizing the true danger I was in. I trembled and began to cry, “Please, don’t do that again, I’ll give you what you want, just tell me, please don’t hurt me again, please.” I begged like a child. I felt the man grin against my skin. “Good, good.” He purred, “You’ll learn your place here, (Y/N).” He pushed away from me in one swift motion and strutted over to his mask that was rolling softly on the floor of the small room. My mind went numb as he slipped the mask over his narrow head, smoothing out his robes and walked quietly out of the cold room. Once I was alone, I let out a shaky breath I hadn’t realized I was holding in. Thinking hurt, every movement I made hurt. Thoughts darted in and out of my head at record speed as I tried to recall the events that had taken place leading up to this moment, but it was no use, my mind was completely clear. Where exactly was I? Who was the man in black and what did he want with me? Why was I being help captive? And most importantly; Who am I? Chapter 2 : Making Friends With Talking Plastic Summary: In which (Y/N) makes unlikely friends. A day passed before I was given food or water. Men in white, plastic looking outfits came into the room and hand fed me strange vegetables and fruits, along with some odd tasting water. It was probably laced with some drug but at the time I was so thirsty I couldn’t care less. Being kept in one position for that amount of time made my muscles weaken and my bones ache. When the men in the white uniforms visited me for the third time, I spoke to them about my discomfort. “Would you mind letting me stretch my legs?” I asked timidly. “I could use a moment or two on my feet.” After not getting a response from the two in white, I put on my best “I’m in discomfort and you just kicked my puppy.” face. One of the people sighed and looked to his partner. I couldn’t see their faces due to the heavy masks they wore, but I swore they exchanged some form of silent communication. “Okay kid,” The first one said, in a man’s voice full of uncertainty “Just for a little while.” He placed the canteen on water on the floor and began to unclasp all my restraints, starting from the bottom and moving upward. The second person in white set down the tray of food that was in his hands and reached for the gun that was strapped to his belt. I looked warily at him and bit the inside of my mouth, “I’m not dangerous, ya know.” I lowered my eyes to the floor and out of the corner of my eye I saw him move his hand away from the gun, still watching me carefully. After all my straps were undone, the first man helped me down from the table and they both watched me as I walked a few steps into the room, carefully stretching my muscles. I started cracking my joints, it was a nervous habit. First my ankles, then my knees, waist, back, shoulders, hands and finally my neck. I saw the two men flinch at every sound my bones made. I looked back at them curiously. “So what are you guys supposed to be? Nurses?” I asked steadily. The second man chuckled and shook his head, “We’re soldiers of the First Order, Stormtroopers.” I frowned and bent my leg forward, doing some simple stretches. “That’s a silly sounding title. If you guys are soldiers then why are you taking care of little old me?” I asked with a sigh at the new comfort stretches were giving me. “Also, have you guys been the ones feeding me the whole time, I can’t tell any of you apart.” I also commented. The first soldier nodded, “Yeah, it’s been us the whole time, N34-47 and I are too young for battle so we normally do things like clean people’s quarters or even the bathrooms.” They both shuddered with the thought of public restrooms and I smiled for the first time in days. “Take off those silly helmets,” I requested, “That way we can have a proper conversation, it's hard to take you seriously when you look like a roll of toilet paper.” They did as I asked and both removed their headgear, setting them on the floor as the man in black had done days before. The first soldier had tan skin and dark brown, longish, wavy hair with slight facial hair on his jaw line and above his lip. The second soldier was taller than the second. He was paler than the first, with slightly lighter hair. The second soldier’s hair was short and shot up in several directions due to the helmet, he had a smooth, shaved face and brownish green eyes, in contrast to the first ones dark brown ones. “Okay, that’s much better!” They both smiled softly at me, “What are your names?” I asked, but then quickly rephrased my question, “And I don’t mean your serial number, I mean your real name.” “Grant,” The first one said, “And this is Carlos, I can’t remember my last name,” Grant looked to his partner and Carlos shook his head. “I can’t remember mine either, buddy.” He patted Grant on the back once. They both looked back at me, I had moved onto the floor to do some yoga-like stretches. Maybe they know why I was here… “This is gonna be an odd question but, do you guys know who I am?” I looked up at them hopefully. They shook their heads and Carlos offered me his hand, strongly pulling me up to my feet. Grant walked over to the door of the room and grabbed a stack of papers off a hook on the wall. He flipped through it for a second or two before speaking. “This is all I know; your full name is (Y/F/N) (Y/L/N), you were born on (Y/DOB) on the planet of D’Quar but moved to Takodana when you were 16 to pay off a debt your parents owed. Last week there was a battle between the The First Order battle troops and The Resistance Pilots along with two unidentified people and the infamous Han Solo. It says here you assisted the rogues in their plan to bring a certain BB-8 unit back to the Resistance base,” Grant pointed at the paper in front of him and hummed in understanding before looking back up at me. “You weren’t really assisting them, were you?” He looked like a already knew my answer. “Of course not!” I frowned and grabbed the paper from Grant’s hands. “I served a double shot of ambrosia to an old man who handed it off to a walking, teen feet tall, brown dust bunny with a crossbow gun.” Carlos looked at Grant and rolled his eyes, “The General and The Knight of Ren are always making mistakes and hurting innocent people, this sucks man.” I handed Grant back the papers and he put them back in their original place. “I really wish we had more power within the Order, (Y/N). Then maybe we could get you released.” Grant sighed and folded his arms over his chest. “We’re gonna have to go soon, we’ve already spent too much time here and I bet we’ll get our asses handed to us if anyone finds out that we let you off the torture table.” At this moment I chose not to mention that there was a camera above our heads that had been watching my every move. I nodded and trotted back to the creepy board I had been laying on. Now that I knew it was a “torture table” I was more reluctant to get back on. “You’ll come to see me again, right?” I asked. “Yeah, you’re the most exciting thing that’s happened in this branch of the ship for a long time. As long as you don’t get moved, and we don’t get week long toilet duty, you’ll see us again.” Carlos replied with a small smile. He lifted me back onto the table and re-clasped the restraints, thankfully not as tight as they had been previously. The two awkwardly started to leave the room but before they reached the door I remembered something Carlos had said moments ago. “Wait, who the hell is General and the Knight?” I turned my head as far as I could to try and look the two young men in the eye. Grant walked back around in front of me while Carlos had continued to walk out of the room, obviously not hearing my question. “General Hux is top dog around here, he controls every division on this ship. He’s an older man, some graying red hair and the worst resting bitch face you’ve ever seen. The Knight, Kylo Ren, I’m not so sure about. Rumors say he was a Jedi before pledging his allegiance to the First Order as well as being the son of some higher power in the Resistance,” Grant frowned and looked at me with a face full of thought. “Now that I think about it, no one’s ever seen his face, other than the General and other higher ranked officers, he walks around in all black and a creepy mask making him sound like he’s got asthma.” Oh, so that’s the man in black, Kylo Ren eh? “Thanks Grant, I’m relieved not everyone here is a mindless droid.” He smiled softly, with an expression mixed with interest and pity. “Anytime (Y/N),” He walked behind me and towards the door but before he left I heard him whisper, “I hope you find a way out of here, kid. And maybe, just maybe, I can help with that.” With those final words Grant was gone and i was alone once again. Now I knew why I was here, and part of who I was, now all I needed was a way out. Chapter 3 : Queen Sized Shoes And A Knight To Match Summary: In which (Y/N) is visited by General Hux and is presented with an important opportunity. The room I was being kept in was colder than a night on Hoth in the middle of winter. My skin was icy and I was desperate for a blanket or a cup of steaming liquid by the end of the week. Carlos and Grant had visited me twice a day to bring me food, they had even dumped out the water they were instructed to bring me and filled the canteen with more fresh, not drugged, water. I was incredibly grateful for their company and their kindness. On the 10th night I spent with the First Order I was visited by The General. The noise of a door opening woke me up and I shivered with the realization that the drastic temperature of the room had not changed. Footsteps echoed through the room and the door closed, soon a middle aged man with a sour expression stood in front of me, his hands clasped behind his back. I knew in an instant it must have been General Hux. “You look like your underwear is too tight.” I stated bluntly, hoping my humours ways would affect more than just the Stormtroopers. My voice had a tint of confidence in it yet my hands still shook in the presence of the important looking man. “Now I see why Ren slapped you.” He replied with a slight chuckle. He swung his hands out from behind his back and slapped them together while balancing on his heels. The General looked down at me and sighed, “I’m incredibly sorry about my co-worker’s behavior last week, not only did he physically abuse you but am I right in assuming he wiggled his way into your mind as well?” I nodded and unclenched my hands, “Yes sir.” I felt more comfortable with General Hux than I had with Kylo Ren a week prior. “May I ask why I don’t have any of my?” “I thought you might ask about that,” Hux replied, “It was The Knight of Ren’s call, actually. He insisted that you not remember anything of the battle or of the people you communicated with on the day of the battle. As far as the rest of your life, I’m not entirely sure why those memories are gone…” The General sighed and sat down across from me, “Unfortunately the night is of a higher power than I so if your memories are to be returned, it will be by his hand.” I frowned and shifted around on the table, nervously twiddling my fingers. “You’re probably wondering why I am here,” The older man continued, “Since your time here, my crew had cross referenced your profile with the Resistance and your name has been cleared. The only connection we found between you and our enemy was your father. He was a pilot in the Clone Wars, it says in his profile that he went missing in battle after his fighter jet was shot down. It crash landed on Tatooine but when forces went looking for the wreckage of his ship, it had disappeared off their radar completely.” “I don’t mean to be rude, but I’m not interested in my probably dead father,” I commented before The General could continue telling me about a man I never knew, “What I would like to know is when the hell I can get off this damn table.” I raised my eyebrow with a questioning look. “Ah, yes.” He straightened his posture in his seat. “Now that you’re no longer a threat to the First Order, you have a few options. First, we can send you in a small pod to the nearest out port on some random planet we pass by, second, you can train with us to become a soldier, a Stormtrooper, third, you can join the nurse staff here on the ship, and lastly, you can become a potential mate for Kylo.” “Excuse me,” My mouth dropped wide open in shock, “What the fuck do you mean a “potential mate for Kylo”?” The other options had seemed normal, but when the General said those last few words, the phrase seemed to not belong in the bunch of options. The General looked embarrassed like he wasn’t normally the one to explain this sort of thing. “Well,” He cleared his throat, “The leader of the First Order, Snoke, who is also training The Knight in the ways of the Force, has decided that it’s time for Kylo marry and have children. He believes it’s the only way to ensure that Kylo’s line of power is passed on.” The General stood up and began to untie my restraints, carefully avoiding my eye contact. “In order to choose a proper mate, a handful of women will be chosen from various places around the galaxy and put through many trials to test which of the women has the best genes to continue Kylo’s bloodline.” The General helped me down off the table and observed me as I stretched my muscles and waddled around the small room. “Okay but why is that an option for me? I am literally the worst candidate.” General Hux looked at me strangely then said, “On the contrary, (Y/N), you are the perfect candidate. You have amazing body structure as well as a stunning physical appearance,” He motioned to my entire body then continued, “The personality traits we’ve observed off of you are more than compatible with Ren’s; kindness, courage, empathy, compassion and humor.” He leaned down to my ear and began to whisper, “I’m not even supposed to be telling you this, but I’d love to see a girl like you change the Knight for the best, as well as sass his ass off.” I grinned at that last comment he made, and stared off into the wall for a moment or two, really thinking about my options. “Can I have a day or two to decide?” I asked Hux, looking up at his long, worn out face.” “Of course, in the meantime you’ll be staying in the guest quarters of the ship which are worlds better than this horrid place they call a cell.” He looked around in disgust then bent his arm, waiting for me to take it. I placed my hand timidly on his arm and we began to walk out of the room. The moment we stepped out of the cell I was blinded by white lights shining off of metallic walls. The corridor was rounded and quarantined looking, and the floors were spotless. I mentally congratulated the cleaning crew, maybe Grant and Carlos, which reminded me… “Will I be seeing the two soldiers who brought me my food the past week? If I can I’d like to request time with them.” I asked Hux as we stepped into an elevator. “That can be arranged. I can have N34-56 and N34-47 show you around tomorrow, as well as wait on you for the duration of your stay on my ship.” I thanked him and we stepped out of the elevator into a larger, cylindrical room with 5 doors along the wall. Hux took me to the door on the direct left and opened it, motioning me in. The room was massive compared to the cell I had laid in for almost a week. Saying the room was nice was a massive understatement. The walls were a light gray while the floors were a beautiful dark wood, polished so that even Hux’s reflection shined beneath us. Directly in front of me on the far wall of the room, was a large, full sized bed with deep blue sheets and a lush duvet, decorated with mounds of patterned pillows. To my left was another door, no doubtedly leading to the bathroom, which I would explore as soon as The General left. Next to the bathroom door was a good sized wardrobe, probably empty, but still a gorgeous piece of furniture. To my right were two tan purple colored seats, shaped like cups, with a side table dividing the two comfort items. Behind the two was a bookshelf and a large old fashioned jukebox as well as a small screen, maybe a TV or some equipment exclusively belonging to the First Order. “Well shit,” I commented, “I went from trash to a queen.” Walking into the room I grazed my hands over the different materials on the furniture and walls. “I hope you’ll be comfortable here, (Y/N), I’ll be back tomorrow at noon for an answer to my question.” With that he nodded, turned on his heel and left the room quietly. I made a face of pure childish curiosity and dashed to the restroom, grinning when I saw that it was just as large and beautiful as the rest of the room. The tiles on the floor were patterned like to depict the bottom of a seafloor and the walls painted like an ocean. The room contained a bathtub big enough to fit three full grown men, a high tech toilet that looked like it could clean you as well as let you poop and a nice silver sink. There were rows of shampoo and other nice products on a shelf above the bathtub. Next I investigated the closet, which to my surprise, contained many classy outfits and shoes all made quality and of the most popular design. They were all in a single color, my color; blue. Stepping back and sitting on the floor in a criss cross position, I thought about the events that I had been a part of today, they hand come and go so quickly, I had to take a moment sit alone with my thoughts. What do I do now? Was I actually considering becoming a Knight’s wife? Yes, yes I was. Chapter 4 : Cake And Booze Do Not Mix Summary: In which (Y/N) gets a little tipsy and Kylo gets very confused. Okay, let’s think about this logically for a minute. What were the options that General Hux gave me? Be shipped to a port on the nearest planet and then most likely try for months to get off the damn planet. Spend a year or two training to be another faceless Stormtrooper that gets killed off in my second battle. Become a nurse on the ship. Meaning do mediocre treatments and clean up vomit off dying people chests. Compete with 9 other cake-faced women in various simple minded battles for the title of “Queen of Ren”. Guys, lets be honest with ourselves… Who wouldn’t want to be called “Queen”?! Over the past hours I had Carlos and Grant bring me dozens of books on the First Order and its ancestors, along with all the information I could cram into my brain on “Kylo Ren”, or Ben Solo, his birth- name. Imagine how rich you think The First Order is. Now times that by 50 and that how rich The Knight of Ren is. He owned 946 planets and over 1000 moons, cities in 30 systems and the largest fleet in the galaxy. This man was loaded, not to mention powerful. Whatever shitty life I had before my capture was nothing compared to the opportunity placed before me. So what I had to marry a man with a baby face and daddy issues, being Queen seemed worth it. So when General Hux returned to my quarters the next day, I told him my decision. “I’ll do it, I’ll become a potential mate of Kylo as long as if I lose this competition, which by the way I won’t,” I grinned wildly, “I want to work for The First Order, something important though, maybe a uniform designer,” I cringed and looked the General up and down as he rolled his eyes, “You guys all look like color gray threw up on you.” I waved away my last comment and sighed, placing my hand out for the General to shake, “Do we have a deal, Hux?” The General grasped my hand firmly and nodded once, smiling as well, “Yes we do, Miss (Y/L/N).” After the General had left my quarters, Carlos and Grant came to visit me, bringing me some congratulatory alcohol and cake. Around me, the two soldiers were free to take off their helmets and speak freely, unlike the rest of the time which they spent silent and mainly unmoving, sweating underneath their ugly uniforms. My two friends relaxed on my bed, their helmets forgotten on the floor and a glass of purple liquid in their hands while I marched around my room in the fanciest gown I could find in the closet provided for me. “I look like a queen,” I said to them, “Don’t I?” The both nodded, tipsy and grinning at me, giggling when I kicked the few-inches-too-high-heels off my feet in frustration because I wasn’t coordinated enough to wear them, “Those shoes should be outlawed!” I yelled, refilling my glass with more sweet substance. “That’s what I’ll do when I’m queen.” Carlos sat up on the bed and drunkenly asked me, “How do you know you’ll win, I caught a glimpse at the second contestant they brought in this morning, she’s ripped.” He made a half dome around his bicep, trying to convey that the woman was muscular. “Ha!” I breathed out as I lifted up my expensive dress to reveal my toned stomach. I flexed and slight abs popped out of my tummy, I also flexed my arms and watched as Carlos fell back onto my pillows and wolf-whistled. “She’s no match for me, probably all brawn and no brain!” My voice louder on the words “brawn” and “brain”. “I’ve got strength, I’ve got wits, I’ve got the brains, I’ve got the looks!” I turned towards the mirror and admired myself. “Kylo won’t be able to resist me.” I ran to the bed, spilling my drink in the process and flung myself between my two friends, laughing wildly. Grant took my drink from my hand and placed it on the side table, “You, my friend, are going to have the worst hangover tomorrow, and you’ve gained like 20 pounds from eating that entire cake.” I slapped his arm playfully and wrapped my arms around both of their shoulders. “Ah, you guys are great,” I mused, getting sleepy, “I dunno what I would do without company, I’d be so bored.” My eyes drooped. Grant and Carlos exchanged a look and both got out of bed, almost perfectly synchronized. They silently began to clean up my room and Carlos said softly, “Get some sleep, kid.” I sat up, propping myself up on my elbows, “Kid?! You’re like my age, you dingus!” I giggled a little and before I feel back on my bed I yelled out, “Call me Queen!” The two men laughed and muttered promises of coming back soon and of using a new nickname in the future but I was to tired to hear them, studying up on The First Order and my future husband was exhausting. I vaguely remember Carlos and Grant clearing my room of the books I had them bring me, as well as the leftover booze and cake. I think I remembered trying to get them to leave the cake. Something I definitely remember, however, was someone else coming into my room in the early hours of morning. The ship was passing a comment, I believe, as well as bright pinkish planet, making a soft, beautiful light shine through my window. I remember the room, illuminated, and I remember seeing Ren out of the corner of my eye, standing in the doorway to my quarters. I was barely awake at the time, not enough to react, only to watch and wait. Ren quietly walked over to the table on the far side of my room, gently placing a folded piece of paper on the polished, wooden surface. He was so quiet, if my eyes were closed, I wouldn’t have known he was there, but I knew he saw me, awake and watching him. The Knight paused for a moment, letting the salmon colored light wash over him and gazing at me from underneath his mask. Now it was my turn to hear his heartbeat, unlike in the jail cell where he had intimidated me to the point of hyperventilation. Kylo was confused, confused as to why he was standing in my room, confused as to why I was watching him, confused as to why I had chosen to compete for the place at his side. He was simply confused. I heard him let out a long breath before he quickly exited my room, not as quietly as he had entered. Rolling over on my side, I let my thoughts flow from my mind, and let sleep catch me off guard, if even just for an hour or two more. When I woke, the folded piece of paper that Kylo had delivered was still the table, telling me he wasn’t a dream. Swinging my feet over the side of my bed, my stomach lurched and I made a mad bash for the bathroom, falling to my knees and emptying my stomach into the toilet. “I’m never drinking again,” I groaned, getting to my feet and bringing the back of my hand to my mouth, wiping away the sick on my lips and chin. The floor was cold beneath my feet as I padded over to the wooden table to the left of the exit of my quarters. The paper Kylo had left was a soft lilac color, and folded perfectly in half. I lifted up my eyebrows and opened it. It seemed to be a handwritten letter, addressed informally to the women who were to compete for Ren’s heart. Dear Valued Guests, Please join me and my highest ranked officers in a banquet, held in your honor. This event will be held tonight, in the second commons room of floor 13 in the left wing of the ship. Dress as you wish, but be aware this a formal occasion. Be there no later than 8 pm and no earlier than 7:45 pm. And yes, this dinner is your first trial. Good luck. Knight, Kylo Ren This dinner party is a trail? This competition is going to be all too easy. The First Order better prepare themselves, they’re about to meet their queen. Chapter 5 : Like A Child Again Summary: Kylo's point of view, in which Hux tells Kylo a cute little gay story. Kylo Ren’s Point of View: “General… What the fuck were you thinking when you offered up a spot in the competition to that… that low life?!” I spat out, beyond angry. Not only did Hux send someone to assassinate another competitor in order for you to take their place but he also had given you an unfair advantage on the competition. Hux cleared his throat and waved his hand as if to dismiss my rage, “I was thinking that it was better her than that other big-chested, brainless lifeform from Tatooine you had picked out.” General Hux strutted across over to me and stood at attention, not fearing me unlike the rest of my crew, “If you are unhappy with my decision, you can-” He stopped mid sentence and rethought his answer, “Actually, you can suck it up and act like a man.” He smirked and left me alone to my thoughts. I had known Hux since I had first joined the Order, back then he was no more than a soldier with wealthy parents, but as I rose in authority I brought him along with me. As much as I’d love to fire his over confident ass in these situations, I knew he was only doing what was best for me and that I didn’t have the heart to force him to leave my side. In which case, I trusted his judgement and his decisions, how random and useless they may seem. With that thought I began to wonder, why had Hux let (Y/N) (Y/L/N) take the Tatooine girl’s place? What had he made me hand deliver the banquet invitation to her this morning, without telling me that it was (Y/N) asleep in bed, and not the other female? This whole ordeal was ridiculous, I was only 26 and was being told I had to marry and bear children. Who does that? Oh wait, my master does. Nevermind him, he was on some mission that would no doubt last months, leaving me to find a bride. It was his idea, the competition, I mean. Snoke thought it would “amuse” me. I was not amused in the slightest. If I had wanted a wife I would have gone out to find one and courted her in the traditional way but then my master had put me on a pedestal and let 10 women fight for me. It was truly ridiculous but at least the final decision was mine and mine alone. Fuming, I followed General Hux into the main control room of the ship, determined to get a serious answer from him as to why he placed you in the competition. “Hux! I’m not finished!” I shouted, catching up to him. “Yes you are, Kylo,” He didn’t look up at me as his hands flew across the keyboard, probably doing something clever that I’d never understand. “The girl will compete for you and I have faith that she will succeed.” I let out an exasperated sigh and used my powers to lock the door to the control room, then taking off my mask I slumped into an oversized chair and breathed out, “But why?” Hux stopped his movements and turned his head to gaze at me before finally taking a deep breath and sitting in a chair next to mine. He relaxed and I knew his formal, serious facade was about to come down, meaning I was about to hear something really important to him. “How old are you?” He mused, in a tired voice, his eye weary, with a twinkle of something I had never seen in his eyes before. “Twenty-six.” “Do you know how old I am?” “Thirty-six.” I said confidently, that was something I did know about my dear friend the General. “Am I married?” He asked me, I wondered how many questions he would ask. I thought I knew the answer to this one. “Yeah?” Was this going to be twenty questions? “Good, you remembered,” He crossed his legs and continued. “Do you know when I got married?” Oh god, more questions. “No,” I replied, still not understanding where this was going. “I got married when I was 16,” He sighed and I raised my eyebrows, not previously knowing this about my friend. “My parents decided when I was born that I was to be married to the son of their long time family friends, who were also stupidly rich, like my own. They didn’t even wait for me to figure out whether I was gay or not-” “But you are.” I interrupted. “Not the point, Kylo.” Hux scowled. I rested my head on my palms. “Sorry, continue.” My elbow was pressed into the armrest of the chair I had sat in. “Anyway, so when I was 16 and I met this boy, Ezra, and we immediately hated each other. Neither of us wanted the marriage. It was so bad that we couldn’t even be in the same room as one another.” In that moment I felt like a child again, being told a bedtime story. “Ezra and I realized after being married for about 4 months that there was no point in hating each other, it was getting us nowhere. So, we slowly got to know one another over the course of 2 years, and we became friends, good friends, so good that we even began to act like a couple for our parents sake.” General Hux smiled, reliving the memories of his past while I nodded, almost eager for him to continue. “One morning, Ezra took my up to a hill near our shared house, he brought simple foods and a soft blanket for us to lay on, and we stayed on the hill until night fell. When the night showed us its most beautiful stars, he turned to me, looking the most innocent he ever had, and he confessed his love for me.” Hux grinned like a child and blushed, fiddling with his uniform, “I didn’t know what to say, so I didn’t say anything, I kissed him and we made love under the stars. We’re still married, and my husbands waits for me at our cottage.” “Is that where you go on all those secret missions you disappear off on? The cottage to see Ezra?” I asked, wide eyes and a soft expression. Hux nodded and smiled at me, happy that I had actually listened to his story. “The point of my story was not brag about my teen years but to show you that you can make this situation a good one.” “But what about the girl?” I asked, still confused. “(Y/N) is different from anyone I’ve ever met before. She has a spark in her, one what could ignite you, bring you passion and a new desire. She physically is in perfect condition, and she's intelligent beyond belief, not to mention beautiful. She’ll prove herself in the test we’ll set before her, and you’ll see, you’ll soon understand.” Hux stood and stretched, smoothing out his uniform and bowing to me, “Now, Kylo, I must resume my work, and you, my friend, have a party to get ready for. I’ll see you there.” The General went back to work without another word. I bit the inside of my cheek and turned the spinning chair back and forth, kicking my helmet the tiniest bit. Maybe Hux was right, this might work. I thought back to the shock I had experienced that morning when I had crept into your room, expecting to be greeted by a dark skinned Tatooine girl, awake and ready to meet me. Instead, I had found you, asleep in the lush bed. You, with your tangled, (Y/HC) hair, long eyelashes and soft, radiant skin. At your thought, my heart began to beat faster. I had wanted to run that morning, but I stayed, and left the invitation in your room, but still watching you in wonder. I knew you saw me and yet you lay there, unmoving, simply breathing, basking in the glow of the moving galaxy outside your window. I set out a frustrated breath, these feelings were childish, I knew nothing about you. That warm feeling brought me back to my childhood, the feeling of happiness, warmth even. But even I had to admit, you were a sight to behold, but the trials would decide your fate. Chapter 6 : Is It Me Or Are There Too Many Utensils Here? Summary: In which (Y/N) attends a 'lovely" banquet. Even though I was naturally a confident woman, nerves crept up upon me as I roamed the halls in search of the room where the banquet would be held. It was, perhaps, the fear of finding one of my competitors to be superior to me, in which I felt like she may win in my place, or maybe I was nervous about seeing The Knight of Ren again. Anyway, I had dressed in a long, simple, baby blue dress, equipt with a white, silk shawl and comfortable, flat shoes. As far as makeup went, I had on simple eyeliner and mascara, a classic look of mine. Kylo had said that this dinner party was a trial, so girl would most likely be cakeing themselves in makeup and squeezing into the tightest dress they could find, as well as breaking their ankles in heels. I finally found the room, after searching for almost 15 minutes, and the clock read exactly 8 pm. Here goes nothing, right? The room was decorated in sashes of many different shades and the most elegant, crystal utensils, plates, bowls, and glasses. I was in awe. There was a wooden table with 16 chairs surrounding it in the center of the room, along with some couches and loveseats boarding the walls. Most of the seats on the long dinner table were already filled but thankfully the one next to the General was not. My dress fluttered as I walked, making me see more graceful than I actually was. I smiled at everyone at the table and sat down, immediately taking my napkin, unfolding it and placing it in my lap. I looked to my left and saw General Hux, grinning at me. I looked curiously at him and chuckled, “What are you smiling at?” I asked him. “You look lovely,” He whispered, and patted my hand softly, “And, three girls have already been eliminated from the competition.” I frowned and glanced up at him, “What, why? What happened?” He laughed, happy that I asked, “They were late.” He turned away from me and reached for his champagne glass, realized it was empty, and waved down a waiter to fill it with the golden liquid he desired. “Just for being late?” I repeated his phrase, “I’m sure glad I made it on time then. Do you know how hard this room to find, by the way?” I asked, frowning at the lack of food on my plate. Hux didn’t answer my question so I took the opportunity to inspect the other people sitting at the table with us. There was Kylo, at the head of the table, dressed in all black, but a button up shirt and nice pants instead of his boring robes, missing his helmet as well. Next to Kylo was General Hux, and on The Knights other side was a silver Stormtrooper whom I hadn’t met before, I gave the soldier a curious look before returning my eyes to the unidentified people around me. The other seats were filled with anonymous faces and two important looking men, probably some authority on ship. I was right, most of the women sitting at the table had caked on makeup and looked like they couldn’t breathe. They were all different in their own ways, some were fair skinned, others with unusual pigments of greens and blues, then there were different hair styles, long, short, up, down, even one young lady with no hair at all. Everyone looked generally human, despite their skin, ears or certain facial features being out of proportion compared to the rest of their face. Kylo stood and his guests followed, “Welcome, ladies. I’m so glad you could make it, even though this is only the first trial, three of you have already been eliminated.” The Knight smiled, obviously forcing a smile and sitting back down, calling the waiters to bring dinner. “Madam, would you like the hot-bean soup or the cream oyster special?” An incredibly, horrible, fake, French accent sounded from behind me. I whipped my head around to see Grant, out of uniform with a painted, black moustache on his face. I had to fight back a laugh, rolling my eyes instead. “Cream soup, please, Misour Grant.” I giggled and he whisked himself away with an exaggerated walk. Briefly I wondered how he had gotten on the serving staff for tonight’s party and what mischief he and Carlos had planned. God knows they were always doing something to make my life, and their own, more interesting. “So, Master Kylo,” A girl across the table from me said, in a low sluty voice. “What’s it like being the most powerful man in the galaxy?” I cringed as she cradled her head in her palms and leaned forward, making her fake-ass boobs pop out of her low hanging dress. I saw The General, out of the corner of my eye, raise an eyebrow in mock interest. “Well, Lady Belby, it’s not all fun and games like one would suspect,” Kylo started to explain before being rudely interrupted by another woman somewhere to my right. “How many planets in the Degabas System do you control?” This female was munching loudly on a breadstick and looked like she had used an entire makeup palette on a single eye while using eyeliner as lip liner. “24.” I spoke up, mindlessly messing with the hem of my dress. The room went quiet for a split second, making me snap my head up to see everyone in the room with their eyes on me. “Yes, Lady (Y/N) is correct, I own 24 of their planets and a handful of moons as well.” Kylo eyed me up curiously and I smiled nervously back. I noticed that the girl across the table with the fake boobs was glaring at me, so I stuck my tongue out and smirked. “I like to read,” I stated for her and Kylo to hear, I’m sure the General knew all about the research I had done on the First Order. Grant and the others began to bring out the soup and salads for everyone to begin eating. Looking down at the silverware I saw many utensils I did not recognize; there was an extra fork, spoon and knife. I frowned down at the silverware. The General subtly grazed his hand over the smaller fork and nodded towards the salad, then picked up the rounder spoon and slipped it into his soup, gently smiling at me. “Thank you,” I whispered to him. Later on in the evening people got to know one another better and more dinner courses were brought out. The General talked about statistics while some women tried to ask Kylo about his sex life, needless to say those two females were escorted off the ship and ejected from the competition immediately. I made a mental note not to mention sexy times to Kylo. I didn't care much for the conversations the guests were having so I let my eyes wander around the room, soaking in every beautiful detail. The room was painted a soft forest green, with dark wooden floors and windows that let people gaze out into space. Sashes hung from the ceiling, they were also mainly green colored, varying in specific colors, but there was also some pinkish fabric mixed in with the various greens and browns. I thought perhaps they were trying to create a natural atmosphere, depicting a forest area. At everyone's place there was an intricate set of silverware, along with fancy silver plates, bowls and crystal glasses, each filled with a different liquid. The drinks varied in color, from a whiskey brown to a comical, bubbly purple. Little to my knowledge Kylo had been watching me look around the room for the minute or two my eyes had wandered, “You’re awfully quiet, Miss (Y/N).” He said, swirling wine around in the large glass he held. I looked at him and smiled, then gestured to the gorgeous room, “I was admiring the room, Knight. The decorators did a wonderful job and I really like these plates.” “What is that, an interior decorating fetish?” Belby snarkily commented across from me. I saw Kylo frown and start to say something at her but I quickly butted it. “No, I just have the ability to appreciate things for their beauty and not their worth.” In that moment, several things happened and time seemed to slow down, almost freeze, for me to witness them all in perfect detail. For one, several mouths dropped at my witty comment, secondly, The General did a fantastic spit take, and third, Belby reached for her wine glass with a disgusted look on her face and pulled back her arm, ready to dump the red liquid all over me. But then again, I did say time seemed to freeze a little, didn’t I? Chapter 7 : Bitches Wear Orange, Apparently Summary: In which (Y/N) kicks some ass. I threw up my hands to shield my face from the ribbons of red liquid hurtling towards my body but slowly lowered them when the cold, messy impact didn’t come. Looking up, I saw the wine frozen in mid air and Belby panicking, while the rest of the women stayed silent. It wasn’t hard to figure out what had happened, it seemed our host had beyond excellent reflexes and had caught the wine in its place before the liquid had splashed all over me. My napkin fell to the floor as I stood up, glaring down at Belby and snatching the wine glass from her hand. In one fluid motion I swung the glass through the wine that was still levitating in the air, happy that Kylo had released the wine so it was able to collect back in the cup. I sat back down in my seat, not breaking eye contact with the woman across from me, crossed my legs and sipped from the glass, swirling the wine around slowly. Kylo cleared his throat, catching mine and Belby’s attention. He had a stern, disapproving expression on, “Lady Belby, that was unacceptable behavior for a queen, you will be escorted back to you home planet immediately.” She gasped and grabbed for another glass of alcohol but before she could attempt to soak anyone else some guards grabbed her forearms and dragged her out of the room. The rest of the guests changed seats so we were all sitting closer to each other, meaning there was now another woman sitting to my right. Kylo sat down again and hung his head, deliberately hitting his forehead on the edge of the table, then repeated the action 4 times until Hux gave his shoulder a stern pat. “This is ridiculous,” Kylo Ren mumbled, “It hasn’t even been two hours and there are only four girl left.” Grant burst from the door leading into the kitchen and gleefully said, “Wee wee it is time for dessert! Wee wee baquet!” His horrible accent and smudged, fake moustache put a smile on Kylo’s face. I silently thanked the universe for giving me the honor of meeting Grant. “On the menu for today, we have a fruit salad, a vanilla bean sundae with raspberry sauce and an angel food cake, wee wee madam and gentlemen.” Kylo snorted, not being able to contain his amusement, which made Grant’s face light up with pride. My mouth began to water, “Vanilla bean ice-cream is my favorite, and raspberries are also my favorite, so I think you know my order!” I laughed, grinning at the people around me who also had smiles on their face. I mean, who doesn’t smile when they hear the word “dessert”? “You said it!” The girl next to me said, “I’ll have the same, sounds like heaven in my mouth.” I turned to my right and gave the girl who spoke a high-five. The woman looked a little older than me, but no by more than 2 or 3 years, she had a mess of curly, brown hair and dark skin, but her eyes were as blue as the sky. If this competition was based purely on looks, then I would have lost in less than 5 seconds because that girl was stunning. After the high-five I held my hand out for her to shake, introduced myself and asked for her name. “Its Thali,” She grinned and shook my hand, “I’m glad that at least of one these girls is kind enough to shake another’s hand, I tried to talk to Belby earlier and she nearly bit my head off, that girl was savage.” I nodded and made a face of disgust, “Yeah she was a piece of work, do you want to explore the ship after the dinner? I could use a stretch.” I asked, confident because I had just made a new friend. “Yeah totally!” She replied as our food was set down in front of us, then she whispered, “Maybe we can go find the Knights quarters.” She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively and I giggled. “I might already know where they are,” I poked my tongue out of my mouth. Thali looked confused and asked, “Well how’d you find that out so quickly?” I took a bite of my ice-cream and replied with a mouthful of raspberry goodness, “I’ve been here for a little longer than the rest of you, I’ll explain on our walk.” She nodded and we both turned our attention to Kylo and Hux, as they had begun to talk about the trials in more detail than before. “Now that there are only four of you the trail will have to be a lot harder than we originally planned,” The two men fidgeted in their seats while General Hux continued to explain our situation, “We’ll test your ability to rule as well as your combat ability and judge your general qualities.” While Hux talked, Kylo was falling asleep in his seat, slowly munching on a piece of angle food cake. As the dinner party began to slow down, guests excused themselves to return to their duties on the ship or retire for the night, leaving only Thali, The General, Kylo and me left at the table. The waiters began to clear the table, meaning we should all be going soon. “Ready for that walk?”Thali asked me, getting up from her seat and stretching. “A walk?” The Knight of Ren asked, “May I accompany you ladies? I don’t want you getting lost.” He smiled gently and nodded, “There are also some feature on this ship that I think you two would be interested in.” We both nodded and I said, “Sure, I think we both want to change into some less formal clothes first, so we’ll stop by the competitors quarters first.” “I think I’ll do the same, I’ll see you in the competitor's common room in about 20 minutes.” Kylo said as he walked over to the door but before he left he grinned at us and said, “I’m glad you two have made friends.” And with that he was gone, Hux hot on his trail. “Well,” Thali started, “That’s cool he wants to hang with us.” We walked and talked, on our way to our rooms which were coincidentally right next to each other. “He’s very handsome, but I really just want a job with the First Order.” I laughed, “Yeah, he’s good looking and I’m kinda in it for the same, but I’d love to be queen, I’ve got a thing for power.” I playfully winked at her as we stepped into the elevator and rode it up to our desired floor. “Ya know, I think I heard there was some really epic things on this ship, like an oasis spa and other treatment places like hair salons and clothing shops. Maybe that’s what Kylo was talking about?” Thali shrugged, “Maybe,” We reached our rooms and split up to go change. I quickly found a pair of blue robes and some slipper type shoes. At the dinner, I noticed that each one of the ladies had a different color on, I had blue while Thali had purple and Belby in orange. The competitors must have been given a color to represent them in the competition. Which was smart and stylish, plus I had gotten my favorite color. I made a mental note to ask about that later. Thali and I submerged from our rooms at about the same times, dressed in similar attire and, of course, she was in purple. Since Kylo wasn’t there yet, we decided to sit in the comfy looking chairs and sofas in the lounge and just chat. “Wait, you’ve been here for a week? And you were a prisoner?!” Thali was on the edge of her seat at the end of my story. “Yup, it was trippy. Kylo took a bunch of my memories, but some of them are coming back, like I remember I had a brother, but he left when I was super young so I never saw him a whole lot, I think he went to work for the resistance, actually.” Thali nodded, eager for me to continue, “Anyway, so The General is like my BFF now, and he thinks I could totally win this thing, but if I don’t then I can work on the base with him and Kylo.” I paused and thought for a moment, my mind weaving an idea, “Let’s make a pact, if you win, you’ll make sure I get the job I was promised, but if I win, then I’ll make sure you’ll become a General like you said you wanted.” Thali was grinning from ear to ear, “And if neither of us wins, we should live together, on D’Quar or something,” She finished my thought for me. I clapped my hands together excitedly, feeling like a younger teen again, “Ah! i’m so glad I met you, seriously where have you been all my life?” She laughed and continued to chat about our lives and anything else we found we had in common. Little did we know, Kylo had been there when we had left our rooms, he was standing outside the door to the common room, happily listening to our conversation. Secretly, Kylo was starting to enjoy the competition, and enjoy my company. Seeing me happy made him happy, which made him confused because… well… he didn’t really know why. But, Kylo wasn’t really in a hurry to figure out why, he was too busy listening to your song like voice and beautiful laugh. Chapter 8 : Even Knights Have Panic Attacks (NSFW WARNING) Thank you @Legend and @LPaceLover27 for inspiring me to write this chapter :) Kylo Ren’s Point Of View: I listened to Thali and (Y/N) talk for a while, letting their melodic voices sooth me in a sense. They were both incredibly beautiful with their own appealing qualities, both would make a fine queen but deep down I felt a stronger pull to one rather than the other. (Y/N). Composing myself, I knocked on the common room door, entering the room when I heard the two girls softly call to me. They put smiles on my face, and I gladly took their hands and led them through the halls of my ship, pausing at doors to describe the wonder behind each one. Being close to people made me feel weird, almost unnatural, but I pushed aside my uneasiness and proudly showed (Y/N) and Thali around my ship. “And this is the main control panel,” I pointed beyond an archway leading into the important room, “I spend most of my time there.” The girls looked at each other, grinned and before I could stop them, they dashed down the hallway with the intention of exploring the panel, “Wait- shit- Don’t touch anything!” I ran after them but was unfortunately slower than them. When I finally arrived in the room, I saw (Y/N) sitting in, what normally would be, my seat, while Thali was soaking up the thousands of buttons lining the walls. Panting, I put my hands on my knees and tried to catch my breath. (Y/N) spun in my large spinny chair and threw her hands in the air. Even in the middle of a childish act, I couldn’t help look at her like a true queen. Frowning, I looked down and sighed. I can’t let my feelings get in the way of the competition, Snoke wanted me to marry for one reason and one reason only; offspring. Would he care if I fell in love during the whole process? I tried not to think about it too much. “Ren, this place is epic!” Thali exclaimed. “Yeah, it is pretty cool.” I smiled softly at her then turned to (Y/N), “Would you ladies like to continue the tour? We have a big day planned for tomorrow.” I reached my hand out for (Y/N) to take, but she flinched and stood without my help. My smile fell, I guess this is what I get for hurting her the first time we met. Thali took (Y/N)’s hand and the walked out together, motioning for me to follow. I felt something change in me at that moment, it was like a rusty old lever was pulled and wheels turned. I gasped slightly and help my hand to my heart, what was this feeling, I thought. I thought the question even though the answer was clear, the answer was standing at the end of the hall, probably hurt and remembering what I had done to her. I was feeling guilt for the first time in a long time. I made a promise to myself, and to you, that I would spend as long as it took, to make it up to you, to earn your forgiveness. After catching up with you and Thali, again, we began to talk like normal people, making me feel warm inside. The conversation continued for a good hour or two, topics ranging from politics to our favorite dishes and drinks. (You couldn’t care less about politics, liked enchiladas and preferred beer, specifically Guinness beer. Of course I remembered.) “It’s about time to retired to our quarters, “ I suggested, “Tomorrow we will be testing your domestic abilities.” “Oh no,” You mumbled, “Please don’t make me do laundry.” I laughed at your comment and grinned blissfully, “No, fortunately that is not one of the daily tasks a queen must partake in.” “Thank god,” You smiled and placed your hand on my arm, softly squeezing it. “Um- okay- less go tuh bed.” I nearly shouted, quickly spinning on my heel and starting to sprint towards my room. “Your quarters are this way!” You yelled after me, my face heated up but I kept speed walking in the random direction. Taking a sharp turn I dashed into a closet and wedged myself in between brooms and mops. What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck. I chanted in my head, hitting my head against the wall of the closet. My hand brushed my arm where you hand touched me, it wasn’t even a big deal but for some reason I freaked out. I wasn’t use to affection, or kindness. I shivered and straightened my uniform out, feeling around for wrinkles. My hand brushed over the front of my pants and I grunted, feeling my arousal. My head fell back against the wall and I cursed myself, of course this happens now, goddammit Kylo, you’re not some hormonal teenager. I couldn’t help but imagine you, being here in the closet with me, being pressed against my body because of the lack of space. A soft moan slipped out between my lips and my hand found its way down to my growing erection, pressing down on the fabric of my pants. I sighed in relief, pressing down harder. I bucked my hips up into my hand, getting frustrated with the pleasure I was denying myself. Groaning, I gave up resisting, gave up denying myself the basic human need; pleasure. My hand slipped down into my plain white boxers and wrapped around my leaking cock. I used my thumb to tease my tip, starting off with slow, soft strokes. “Ah- fuck.” I panted out, my movements becoming rapid and rough, a ball of warmth building in my lower abdomen. I couldn’t help but softly call your name, my voice laced with need and passion. “Oh (Y/N), ugh- please.” Beads of sweat formed on my forehead, and it wasn’t long before I was cumming white ribbons all over my hand and the wall in front of me. Panting, I was blushing a deep red and shaking. Once again I was confused. I felt my heart swell with every breath and every thought of you so I closed my eyes and waited for my breathing to slow down. Using the force, I found you just entering your room, leaving Thali to her own agenda. I saw you stroll into the bedroom, your fingers grazing the walls and furniture. I knew you appreciated the beauty of things and of moments, like the joy I saw you feel when you met Thali. You go to the wardrobe and pick out some pajamas, of course you chose the softest ones. I chuckled and a sharp knock at the door of the closet broke my concentration. Ripping to door open, Hux was standing there, looking confused and slightly smug. I growled and scowled at him, “What do you want?” “Well, Kylo, what were you doing in a broom closet? What’s that on the wall? Oh Kylo, how naugh-” I cut him off, shutting the door to the closet and stepping closer to the General. “Hux,” I sighed, “What the hell do you need, and yes, I was fapping in a closet, but that’s not the point! What do you want?” I knit my eyebrows, trying to look intimidating. Hux just rolled his eye and began walking down the corridor, motioning for me to follow, “I have the information on (Y/N) you asked for, about her family?” I nodded, “Good, what did you find?” General Hux handed me a stack of paperwork and began to leave me to my reading, “Kylo,” He said quietly, “You should sit down before reading.” With that he was gone, leaving me with a solemn look. I frowned and quickly made my way to my quarters, sitting immediately and flipping through the papers. I sighed before beginning to read a loud, “(Y/N) (Y/MN) (Y/LN) is a descendant from front Zachariah Constant, a General of the Resistance. She was deserted at a young age to pay off a debt to a woman on D’Quar and to cover up the General’s affair with a village girl from Hoth. The General has since been killed in battle, his son taking his place as a top fighter in the resistance…” I paused, quickly scanning the papers for her brother’s name. “There’s no way,” I mumbled, becoming frantic, “She can’t be related…” My eyes landed on a single name and my head pounded, “You’ve got to be kidding,” I felt sick, “Poe fucking Dameron?!” Chapter 9 : How To Make A Man Fall For You = Food Again, @LPaceLover27’s idea was the inspiration for this chapter. :) The next morning I woke up feeling great, blissfully unaware of the sleepless night Kylo had gone through and the fact that my brother was the best pilot the Resistance had ever known. The other girls and I had been woken up and had been told to put on sturdy, comfortable clothes and to meet Kylo and The General in his private cafeteria. The night before Kylo had give Thali and me a heads up on the challenge ahead, and so we both took time during the evening to prepare. We both had recipes memorized and brushed up on anything else we might encounter, like sewing or cleaning. I wouldn’t call myself ‘domestic’, I would never be a good stay at home wife, but I was handy and smart when it came to some domestic tasks such as cooking and cleaning. You could say working at a bar and diner most my life definitely helped me in this trial. The room was set up like a home-ec classroom in a high school, or like a cooking show for those of you who don’t know about home-economics. Thankfully, unlike cooking shows, we all had unlimited varieties of ingredients but, like a TV show, we had limited time. The trial was simple; make dinner and efficiently clean up. Each contestant had their own station to cook at. There was only four of us left; a girl from Corellia named Shatur, a female from Kamino named Findalye, Thali and me. Shatur was a steampunk type of woman, she had dark hair and tan skin with murky green eyes, she was definitely more a hands on girl, not much domestic nature. She was sweating, you could see dirt in the sweat drips falling from her forehead. Corellia was an industrial planet which reflected in Shatur. I learned through secret sources (Grant and Carlos) that Findalye was half Kaminoan, half human, giving her body a pale blue tint and her eyes being much larger than a human’s, as well as being black. Kaminoans were born without hair but Findalye had the thinnest layer of snowy, white hair. She was also considerably taller, thinner and lankier than the rest of us. Shatur’s color was brown, while Findalye’s color was green. [Pronunciation of everyone’s name: Thali - Th ah lee Shatur - Sh ah tour (french accent trail) Findalye - Finn dah lay] I bounced up and down in my staion, more than excited to begin, after all; food was my specialty. Even before the trails I was known to be a foodie. There was a mini panel of judges who would be testing the food we made; Kylo, Hux, Phasma and Carlos. I briefly wondered how Carlos and Grant got themselves into the positions but that thought left my mind as I heard the sound of a timer being set. We had one hour. My mind raced as I stumbled to snatch ingredients. What kind of food does he like? Shit, maybe he’s allergic to something we don’t know about. What did he eat last night? Searching my memories I saw Kylo at the dinner table with Phasma to his left and Hux to his right, I saw Grant and his flamboyant, fake frenchness. You might ask why these details are so fresh in my mind, well my friend, I was gifted with the power of a photographic memory. I wished Kylo had given me my memories back so I could have relieved them. This is also why I had such a freak out in the beginning of our story, why The Knight had first mentioned he had wiped my mind of my own past. Fucking Kylo Ren. Last night Kylo had ordered hot-bean soup, beef stroganoff with extra pasta and the chocolate cake. Extra pasta eh? Man after my own heart. I was broken from the memory when I heard Kylo call out to me with a joking voice and an interested smile, “That’s cheating, (Y/N)” Afraid he was serious I laughed nervously until he broke into a grin which I replied to with my middle finger before getting right to work. One Hour Later I went pretty classic with some comfort food; tri tip steak, mashed potatoes, spice soup, steamed vegetables, and for dessert I created a fluffy vanilla cake with a strawberry twist in the center. Shatur had made some sort of stew and delicious smelling bread with a classic milky drink from Corellia. Findalye made an odd looking casserole with pureed vegetables and homemade pasta with red sauce. Thali, unfortunately, lacked cooking skills and ended up burning a baked chicken and overcooking her mushrooms and so politely declined to enter her final product into the cooking portion of the competition. her score automatically become a 0 out of 20. The judges ate Findalye’s dish first, commenting on the amazing blend of ingredients in the casserole, but the pureed veggies were an odd texture. Kylo eagerly ate up the pasta, commenting on the bland sauce and the perfectly cooked noodles. Carlos didn’t say much but I could tell he was just happy to be eating something other than the awful cafeteria food the stormtroopers were given. Findalye was given a score of 17 out of 20. Shatur was next, meaning I would be last. The stew she made was way too salty and to hot, burning Phasma’s tongue. She was rushed to the infirmary and the rest of the judges avoided the soup. Hux downed the orange and green drink she had prepared and grinned and the exquisite mix of sweet and sour flavors. Of course he liked the drink the most, as did Kylo. Shatur’s specialty was drinks, I mean you kinda have to be good at that working at a bar and all. The judges decided on a 17 out of 20, just like Findalye. Now, something I should point out before I saw what happened when Hux, Carlos and Kylo tasted my food is; this competition is completely unfair. I mean, half the panel is in my favor. Hux is my BFFL and Carlos is the homosexual supporting cast. (Lol anime references) Anyway, Carlos devoured the steak, “Ohhh myyyy godddddd,” He moan at the taste. After finishing the dish, Carlos dramatically leaned back in his chair and patted his full stomach, “I’m gonna burst, that was soooo gooddddd, (Y/N).” “I agree,” Kylo said, “I’m a carb addict so all the pasta and bread you guys made was definitely the right food choice,” He made heart eyes at the cake I made and refused to share it, making me feel joy. “I love cake.” He mumbled, face full of it. Hux looked at Kylo, jealous and slightly disgusted, probably wanting some cake too. “I’d say, 18 out of 20,” Hux said, smiling at me, out of the corner of my eye I saw Carlos wink at me and nod in agreement. Kylo looked up from the cake and nodded as well. “That sounds about right.” He straightened up in his seat and spoke again, “Since all of your scores were so close to each other, I don’t think I’ll be eliminating anyone, even Thali. What makes a queen is not her ability to cook, but her ability to rule. Sure, it’s nice to be able to look forward to a hot meal every night, but it’s even better when you can look forward to seeing your love at your side, ruling with you.” All eyes were on him, a natural leader whose words reach every ear and touch every mind a heart. In that moment, my heart beat a little faster and my stomach clenched, I realised that I was growing fond of him, which was not my plan at all. I placed my hands on the kitchen counter for support and hung my head slightly. This was very overwhelming. I looked back up at Kylo, he was happily munching on the cake I made, he looked strangely adorable, it made me grin. My heart skipped another beat and I clawed at my chest with one hand, making me lose my balance. Things slowed down, but Kylo wasn’t paying enough attention to freeze it this time. Falling to the floor, my head hit the edge of the counter and broke the skin slightly. I saw feet and legs but I didn’t feel much, just the hard beating of my heart. “Kylo… Thali… Hu-” I was cut off by someone gently shushing me, I think they began to cradle me in their arms. I began to feel again, strong arms, cold floors, blood on my face. Everything was warm and fuzzy. What was this reaction? My hands reached for the body of my embracer, it was Kylo. I could feel his silky robes and his soft hands. Someone dabbed at my forehead with a damp cloth as Kylo whispered gently to me. “It’s okay, you’re okay.” He caressed my face. “What’s wrong, (Y/N), are you sick?” I frowned, my vision going blurry again, what the hell was happening, am I sick? Everything went black after I heard my voice speaking, but I didn’t remember deciding to speak the words I did. “Is love a sickness?” Chapter 10 : Dreams Start To Become Reality (NSFW WARNING) Thank you @SlytherinJedi for your idea! This chapter brushes upon it :) Of course my mind had to chose this conflicting moment in my life to give me sexy dream. And of course it had to be with Kylo. I “woke up” once again strapped to the rack in the prison cell where I began. It was different this time, my hands were bound, along with my torso, but my legs were free. I was in my chest bindings and my underwear, normally I would be shivering but the room was warm, making my skin glisten with sweat. The room was still as dark as before, and just like in the past, Kylo walked through the door behind me and came around to stand in front of me. Kylo Ren was wearing a black jumpsuit, similar to the one he worn underneath his robes, but was not wearing his helmet. The clothes he wore were tight enough to outline his torso and the muscles in his arms. His eyes bore into mine, then slowly raked down my body making me blush and tug at the restraints around my arms. Kylo slithered over to me, seductive and calm. I turned to look at the ceiling, trying not to show my nerves and confusion. I was fully aware that it was a dream, but for my own sake, I pretended it was real. I closed my eyes when I felt his hot breath on my face, his warmth radiating off his entire body. He gently grabbed both of my thighs with both of his hands and ran them up my sides to my waist. “So soft, so delicate.” He whispered in my ear, then lightly grazing his tenth over my neck. I gasped at his touch, opening my eyes to see him leaning over me, no longer wearing a shirt, I became aware of the sensation his bare chest was giving me. My face was hot with embarrassment. Kylo lifted his head up to look into my eyes, moving a hand from my waist to my cheek. I couldn’t help but lean into it. “(Y/N),” Kylo smiled, his white teeth showing and his eyes crinkling. “You don’t need to be afraid of me, I’m not going to hurt you ever again.” His words struck a cord in me, and I began to tremble in his touch and cry without wailing. “I’m not afraid of you anymore,” I said with a wavering voice, cracking every other word, “I’m afraid of this feeling.” I admitted, “It’s new and wonderful,” I sighed and curled into Kylo’s warmth, “But it’s also hurting my heart.” Kylo shushed me as I cried in his embrace. He leaned forward and placed a kissed on my collarbone, wrapping his arms around my waist, lifting my lower half off of the table slightly. “It’s okay, I feel it too.” He nuzzled into my neck, kissing softly, hands roaming over my body, from my waist, to my back, to my chest. He squeezed my chest with both hands, making my sigh, my body tingling with the trace of pleasure. I timidly wrapped my legs around his waist and gasped when he rubbed my inner thighs softly. I whinned, making him lift his head to look me in the eyes. His arms tightened around me and he leaned in, hesitating, with a face full of curiosity and desire. My eyes widened and I tilted my head, moving to meet him halfway. Our breath mixed and our warmths collided, his lips so close. I barely left his skin on mine, before I was tragically ripped from my dream. I rapidly blinked, shivers running over my body. Looking around I found myself in my quarters with hospital like equipment scattered around my bed, an IV hooked into my arm. I propped myself up onto my elbows and looked around, noticing a sleeping figure slouched over an armchair, face pressed lazily into the edge of my bed. I recognized Kylo’s broad shoulders and his black hair. Sighing, I laid back down, relaxing, stretching around. I don’t know if my movement woke him or if he was never truly asleep but Kylo’s voice broke the calm in my room. “You dream out loud you know.” Confused, a little embarrassed, and remembering my dream, “What do you mean…?” I pulled the blanket that covered me up to hide the prominent blush on my face. Kylo turned his head to face me, his cheek still pressed to the edge of my bed. He was blushing as well, more red than myself, “You were mumbling in your sleep, and so I was curious as to what you were dreaming about,” He fidgeted in the chair, sitting up and leaning back. Kylo placed his hand under his chin and avoided my gaze. “I didn’t expect to find the subject of your dreams to be myself…”. “Oh shit- I mean, fuck my life,” My hands shook and I covered my face with my hands, “You weren’t supposed to see that.” I jumped at the feeling of a hand on my stomach, bringing my attention to Kylo who was now leaning over me, blush still deep and his face still contorted with nerves. His other hand went up to my cheek, brushing a stray hair from my face. Even though Kylo wasn’t that close to me, it still felt like the proximity was close, close enough to get my heart racing. His fingers left a gentle tingling feeling where he touched me. “Don’t be embarrassed,” He whispered, “I’m flattered- I’m not that graceful in real life though.” He chuckled and ran a hand over my arm, sitting back down. “It was quite arousing.” Though he said not to be embarrassed, my face was still hot, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean for that to happen, the dream or the passing out.” Kylo straightened in his chair, “Speaking of that,” He folded his arms, “You had a fever when we brought you back into your quarters, as well as a mild virus, but since you’ve been asleep it’s been flushed from your system.” “Thank you,” I replied, “I was wondering what that was all about, and I do feel loads better.” I tried to stretch my arms over my head but the wires and tubes that were hooked up to me restricted my movement, “Can you help me get these things off?” I asked The Knight, who was watching me contently. He moved to sit on the bed next to me, reaching for the IV connected to my arm. He gently removed the tape keeping the needle beneath my skin, making sure to watch my face for any sign of discomfort. Kylo then put pressure on my arm right below where the needle was sticking out of my arm and slowly removed it. I fliched a little when it was finally completely gone, watching as he dabbed at the small hole, stopping any blood from escaping my body with a bandaid. “Thanks,” I said, moving my legs to the side of the bed and standing up. My movement was to abrupt and I felt blood rushing to my head, then Kylo’s soft hands at my waist to steady my apparent swaying. To my surprise, The Knight of Ren pulled me into his lap, holding me tightly like he was afraid I’d leave him and never return. Instinctively I wrapped my arm around his neck. Embarrassed by his sudden act, Kylo buried his head in my neck. We stayed like this for a while, enjoying each other’s embrace, feeling the shared warmth. Kylo was the first to speak. “I’d like to get to know you better, (Y/N).” He sighed, breathing in my sweet scent. To him, I smelled like the ocean after a storm, with a hint of lavender. I smiled and caressed his healthy hair, “I’d like that,” Kylo leaned back so that his head resten on the pillows of my bed and my head resten on his shoulder. He still held me close. “I’d like to continue the competition, if that’s alright.” He closed his eyes, “Of course.” Kylo grinned at the thought of announcing the winner, commenting on the thought, “In my mind, the winner has already been decided.” My heart bounced with every word he said and I giggled, “It has to be fair.” “Says who?” Kylo’s soft laugh found my ears. Shrugging, I snuggled into his chest, not minding the world around me. “Sleep, my Queen, tonight we’ll be drinking and tomorrow we’ll be fighting. I, however, the entire time will be falling, in love, with you.” He whispered sweet nothings to me until sleep snatched me from cloud 9 and I drifted off in his arms. Chapter 11 : Drunk Fucks Dont Give Sober Fucks Summary: I cranked this one out for everyone who made me feel special :) Thanks @Slytherin Princess for your idea! This chapter is all about it :3 “Thalllliiiiiiiiiii!” I shouted, making grabbing motions with my hands in her direction, “Listen.” I grabbed her by the shirt and clumsily hugged her, “Listen, you are flawless! I love you and you are flawless!” Looking around, I noticed Findalye, sober and looking a little sad, or maybe she wasn’t sad but when you’re drunk things are weird and off. “Finland!” I yelled, making my way over to the couch she was sitting on, detaching myself from an equally as drunk Thali. “You are soooo pretty, if I wasn’t in love with Kylo, I’d totally go out with you, even though you’re blue.” Findalye looked at me oddly, “What are you doing, (Y/N)?” She tried to move my arms off of her shoulders, making me fall on the carpeted ground of the female quarters common room. “Let me love youuu,” I mumbled from the floor, suddenly two strong arms lifted me from the ground, looking up I saw Kylo, the drunkest of them all, carrying me to an empty couch. “Hello, dear, I was just making sure everyone knew how beautiful they were.” The drunk Knight of Ren flopped down on the couch with me still in his lap, making me latch onto his neck with both arms. “Good, everyone needs to feel great today! And everyday!” His voice broke so often, making him lose all his intimidation. “You are the most beautiful.” Kylo placed his hand on my thigh and I closed them, rubbing his hand with inner thighs. “Kylllooo, you can’t dooo that, not yet.” I whinned, “We still gotta compete in the drinking competition and the combat thing. The man beneath me groaned as I bounced up and down on his lap mindlessly and innocently. “Then stoppp thaaat.” He mentioned, steading my hips with his strong hands, “You’re gonna give me a boner.” “Oops,” I whispered in his ear before biting it not so gently and hopping off his lap, falling forward into Shatur who was dancing with Captain Phasma. Everyone was in little clothing after complaining the room was to hot, meaning Phasma, Hux and Kylo were out of uniform. Phasma was a stern looking woman with short blonde hair and a curvy figure. Carlos and Grant were somewhere in the room, stealing innocent like kisses and drunkenly complimenting each other. After picking myself up off the floor I noticed Phasma and Shatur liplocking and swaying out of beat with the music. I turned awkwardly back to Kylo and pointed at the pair with a toothy, wide smile, “Oh em gee, babe, everyone is falling in loveee!” I bounced on my feet and leaped into Kylo’s lap, straddling him with an artificial confidence. Placing both hands on either of his shoulders, I gazed into his eyes, maybe. My vision was blurry as hell. Kylo clumsily ran his hands up my thighs and wrapped them around my waist, “M’ not even that drunk but everythings so blurryyy, (Y/N)” “Reny Boy you are smashed, and I love it because I you’re like a little puppy.” I replied, snuggling into him. “No! I’m a sith lord, and I’m badass!” “Yes dear. You’re terrifying,” I agreed with him sleepily. Kylo picked me up without warning and wedged me in between his torso and the nearest wall. I huffed and the rough impact but giggled none the less when I saw Kylo with a serious expression, “Turn that frown upside down!” I played with his mouth and face, smushing his face between my hands, then screaming when he tried to lick me. My body responded to the position we were in by wrapping my legs around Kylo’s waist and linking my arms behind his neck. “Don’t say terrifying, I don’t wanna be scary to you.” He pouted and mindlessly looked down at my lips before snapping his attention back to my eyes. I poked him in the nose and called him silly, “You did scare when, when we were in the cell, but now, nawh.” I sighed and ran my hands through his soft hair, “Now, I’m falling in love with you, and i didn’t even mean to, Kylo.” My new love looked confused, tilting his head to the side slightly. I continued, “I was just gonna be a queen with a crown and a pretty dress, but then I saw you in my room with the letter, and my heart was all warm and fuzzy.” Kylo nodded with every word I said, “I get it to, it’s so weird.” His eyes comically widened. I vaguely remember him running his hands on the undersides of my thighs, “It’s wonderful, so new and bright.” Kylo laughed and continued his rant, “Come back to my quarters with me, (Y/N), come and let me make love to you.” “Awh, Kylo, you know we can’t, you’re drunk and the competition isn’t over yet.” I replied and pouted, lightly swinging my legs back and forth. “Fuck the competition, I want you.” He pressed me against the wall harder, flushing our bodies together. “Be my wife, my lover, my Queen.” His face was centimeters from mine, it took all the strength and common sense i had not kiss him in that moment. “Ask me again when we’re sober, if you remember this moment tomorrow.” I whispered to him, holding him close and caressing his face, running my thumb over his lips. Kylo grinned and nodded, dropping me gently to the floor. We moved together with the music, in our own little world still in the corner of the room. Mindlessly I looked around at my surroundings and tried to soak up every little detail like at any moment the floor would disappear beneath me and the world would fade away like mist. Shatur and Phasma disappeared, I was sure she wouldn't want to continue the competition any longer. Carlos and Grant really did fill the role of homosexual supporting cast. Findalye finally took a drink and Thali was chatting with Hux and his husband, Ezra. Everything was at peace with everything else. At least until the morning after. Notes: Thanks so much for reading! Please leave a comment or a kudos! Its much appreciated :) If you have any ideas or parts of the story line you'd like to see please tell me and I'd be happy to incorporate it! Updated every Monday and Friday -Abby :3