“I’m going to drown.” Poe huffs a laugh. “I’m not going to let you drown.” The look Finn shoots him is skeptical at best, despite the broad gesture Poe gives to the water around them; they’re standing barely waist-deep. Finn shakes his head and Poe shifts, steadying his feet on the smooth, rocky lake bottom as he puts a hand to the small of Finn’s back and presses the other to his sternum. “Trust me?” he asks, eyebrows climbing toward his hairline. “Not a fair question,” Finn protests, but he goes without resistance when Poe grins and starts easing him onto his back. “I play dirty,” Poe says, quiet and off-handed. “Deep breath and pick your feet up.” Finn does as instructed and flounders immediately, hands flailing out in the water to clutch Poe’s wrist against his chest. “Hey, hey, hey, easy. Easy, big guy, I got you,” he tries to soothe. Finn’s fingers dig into his wrist and his eyes are wide with panic, but he makes no move to stand. Poe shifts his footing again, tucking his toes between two larger rocks to steady himself against the barely-there current. Finn shakes his head, water splashing up around his temples as he stares up into the afternoon sky above. Thick cloud cover hides both of the planet’s suns, but it’s still bright in the midday heat, the water around them warm, lapping gently against their exposed skin. It’s an ideal location to learn to swim; it’s why Poe brought him here. After their last off-planet supply run had taken a nasty turn and lead them both to bail from the freighter they’d flown, directly into an icy river, Poe had learned, in the most terrifying way he could have imagined, that Finn’s Stormtrooper training, apparently, did not include swimming lessons. The leave they’ve been given is short and probably unnecessary, but the two sleepless nights between their failed run and departing the Base, say otherwise. Finn had slept like the dead beside him. Poe’s certain that wasn’t helping his insomnia. Poe had kicked off his boots, stripped off to his underclothes and waded into the shockingly crystal clear water. He’d only been able to lure Finn in with the promise that he’d be able to see the bottom the entire time, and that he wouldn’t let go, for any reason. Poe holds himself to that, turning the hand on Finn’s chest to take hold of his wrist. “I got you,” he repeats, voice quiet and steady. “Look at me.” Finn’s eyes shift from the lazily moving clouds above, to his face. “If you keep breathing, you’re not gonna go under.” Finn’s breathing begins to even out as he closes his eyes and focuses on it. Poe shifts his hand back to the center of his chest, feeling his heart pounding, rabbit-fast, under his palm. He strokes his thumb back and forth over slick, dark skin in an attempt to soothe. “Arms out at your sides,” he instructs softly. Finn’s throat bobs with the force of his swallow, but he follows the cue and lets go of Poe’s wrist to let his arms float out around him. “That’s it. That’s good,” Poe praises him. “Keep breathing.” He has no idea how long he stands there, skin baking passed the deep brown it would normally take on, under the extra stress of an additional sun hanging overhead. Finn’s breathing calms slowly and the stress lines between his brows fade away to nothing, after a while. And Poe is certain that he would stand right here for days, if it meant putting that look of ease on Finn’s face. “Good,” he whispers, unsure if he’s even heard, or if the sound is carried off on the breeze. “You’re good, Finn. I’m gonna take my hand away, okay?” Finn’s eyes flutter open, pupils already blown wide and heart jumping under Poe’s palm, before he flexes the fingers on his chest, fitting them into the divots of his ribs. “This one,” he assures. “Just this one.” Finn still looks doubtful. “Trust me,” Poe says. Finn huffs out a breath and closes his eyes again. “Dirty,” he accuses. “Absolutely filthy,” Poe murmurs, and his hand falls slowly away. Finn doesn’t panic, doesn’t flounder, doesn’t do more than take a deeper breath and let it out slowly through his nose, nostrils flaring. Poe keeps his hand just above the small of Finn’s back, as promised, and holds steady. One of the suns starts breaking through the thickset clouds above and the skin of Poe’s shoulders feels like it’s beginning to blister. He moves his hand, dropping it incrementally lower in the water, until just his fingertips are pressed to Finn’s back. He doesn’t seem to notice, lost in his own concentration with his eyes closed and the water lapping around his ears. He’s well and truly floating on his own, now, but Poe doesn’t want to ruin it, like he thinks he will, if he points it out to Finn. So he keeps quiet and he watches, absolutely roasting under the midday suns. BB-8 whirrs suddenly out of stasis and beeps insistently from the shore, where it’s been resting. Finn jerks, suddenly realizing that Poe isn’t truly holding him up anymore, and he drops like a stone. Poe grabs his flailing arms before he can submerge in the shallow water. “Hey, whoa, whoa, Finn, it’s okay, it’s okay,” he rushes, not letting go even after Finn finds his footing. He’s panting, water rolling down his temples and over his shoulders in thick rivulets from his hair. It takes a moment for Finn to settle, but when he does, he looks at Poe and his mouth lifts slightly. “Was I…” “Yeah,” Poe nods, feeling an overwhelming rush of pride surge through his chest. Finn’s fingers dig into his forearms and he jumps a little as he hollers a loud, whooping cheer. Poe can’t help but laugh along with him. BB-8 rolls back and forth across the black sand between their separate piles of clothing. Pacing, Poe thinks with a grin. “What’s going on, buddy?” he shouts, even as he takes hold of Finn’s wrist to lead him out of the water. Finn tugs back slightly until Poe’s smallest two fingers are linked with his first two; he follows then. BB-8 looks him over and beeps again, sounding reproachful. [Unsafe body temperatures detected.] Poe drops Finn’s hand and glances at one of his own shoulders and then the other; they’re both bright red, the skin already starting to peel. “I didn’t really notice.” The mech droid rolls forward to bump his dripping leg before twittering like an exasperated mother and rolling toward their makeshift camp. “What did it say?” Finn asks, leaning down to gather up his clothing, holding it to his bare chest. A stray water droplet rolls from Finn’s surprisingly delicate collarbone, down between his pecs to soak into his balled-up clothing. Poe watches its trek, thumb coming up to absentmindedly rub at his own bottom lip, before he meets Finn’s cocky, knowing smirk. “We’re sunburning,” Poe tells him, tossing an unused towel at his head. Finn sputters and Poe laughs, already following the slight trail BB-8 has left in the dark sand toward their camp. -- The suns never truly set on their chosen hideaway planet. The larger of the two moves much slower than the other, and, in turn, keeps the planet fairly bright at all times. The canvas of their tent is thick enough to block most of it, and the cover of the overhead trees that they’ve hidden Poe’s X-Wing under makes up for the rest. BB-8 sits, alert, between the open flaps, while the two of them bed down after dinner. It’s still warm, enough so that Poe foregoes the shirt he regularly sleeps in while on Base. It’s colder there, and he runs the risk of being pulled from bed for duty at any given moment, so he tends to sleep clothed. Finn, however, seems to like the freedom that he’s allowed to sleep naked. No matter how often Poe tells him that one of these nights they’re going to be dragged from sleep to scramble their ships and Poe is going to be decent and Finn is going to be… well, not. Tonight, however, he sticks to the sleep pants Poe failingly insists he wear back in their shared quarters. He sits cross-legged beside where Poe is sprawled on his stomach, rubbing a soothing cream over his blistered shoulders. “You have a lot of freckles,” Finn tells him. Poe turns his head on his arms from looking out passed where BB-8 sits, a loyal sentry, to face Finn. He shifts so that he can speak and not have it be directed into his elbow. “I spent a lot of time in the sun when I was a kid. Burned just about every other day in the summers.” Finn glances at him briefly before he squeezes more of the cream out onto Poe’s back. His skin is on fire and the contrast of the lotion makes him shiver, arms crawling with goosebumps. Finn doesn’t respond, but his face tightens, forehead bunching slightly like he’s remembering something unpleasant. “Hey,” Poe says, pushing himself up to his elbow, turning to spread his other hand on Finn’s thigh. The sleep pants he’s wearing are Poe’s, old and worn soft; he likes them on Finn. He’s lost momentarily at the sight he feels he’ll never get used to, but Finn’s hands falling into his own lap drag him back abruptly. “What’s goin’ on up there?” Poe asks, squeezing Finn’s thigh lightly. Finn shakes his head before meeting Poe’s gaze evenly. “I was trying to remember if I’d ever played outside before, like that. Burned up, like you.” Poe gives him a moment but he doesn’t continue. “Did you?” Finn shrugs. “Don’t remember. I don’t remember anything before the First Order. I think the first time I’d ever really felt heat like this was when we crashed on Jakku.” Poe swallows the lump forming in his throat. He doesn’t want Finn’s mind to go there. Not now, now when they’re here to get away from it, the First Order, the Resistance, all of it. Poe’s fingers tighten on Finn’s thighs; he doesn’t want them to be the Stormtrooper-turned Resistance Hero and the Greatest Pilot in the Resistance. He just wants them to be . The cream Finn had rubbed so thoroughly into his skin has numbed it, and rolling onto his back doesn’t hurt like it should. “Blinding heat is overrated,” Poe tells him, holding his gaze evenly. “I hate being cold,” Finn mutters, bringing the fingers of one hand up to trace down the line of definition on Poe’s stomach; when he reaches the age-worn waist of his sleep pants, he spreads his hand over his navel. “I’m not cold,” Poe murmurs, putting his hand over Finn’s and squeezing. Finn shakes his head and Poe pushes himself into a sitting position, hand coming up to cup the back of Finn’s neck. “I won’t let you be cold.” He presses the words into Finn’s lips. Finn breathes a quiet laugh into his mouth and Poe pulls back to look at him. “Lines like that work for you?” Finn asks. Poe brings his hand up to twist Finn’s nipple and follows him down when he jerks back to get away. “Got me you.” “Nah,” Finn says, shaking his head as Poe settles himself over him, nudging his thighs apart so he can lie between them. “No?” Poe asks, ducking his head to suck at the pounding pulse in Finn’s throat. “Nope.” “What was it, then? My rugged good looks?” Finn snorts, the fingers of one hand spearing gently thought Poe’s curls as he trails his mouth down Finn’s throat toward his chest. “No?” Finn shakes his head, eyes shut and chin tipped up as his chest arches into Poe’s touch. “My incredible flying skills?” Finn laughs breathily. Poe laves his tongue over one of Finn’s nipples, bringing his hand up to pinch the other, reveling in Finn’s tight gasps as he sucks and bites at first one and then the other. He keeps his hands busy, teasing at his nipples, as he traverses Finn’s mostly-smooth skin, trailing his tongue over the occasional scar, paying careful attention to where Kylo Ren’s lightsaber had carved out a piece of his shoulder. His touch there is worshipful, grateful, as are his fingers over the marred skin of his back. He almost lost this before he even had it. Poe abandons the spot, and the line of thought, digging his teeth into the firm cut of his hips as he works his way lower and lower. Finn’s lungs are heaving and his body is arching up; Poe can feel the strain of his erection, pressing up against his chest as he drags his mouth away with a wet sound. Finn looks down at him, eyes blown and both hands clutching at Poe’s hair. “Don’t stop,” he rasps, voice thick and desperate. He’d been the first to touch Finn like this, months after his recovery. He’s the only one who ever has, who ever will, and he’s still in disbelief that Finn wants to be with him , that he can have this, that he can have Finn. Just as simple as that. Poe hums as he scoots further down between Finn’s legs, resting his chin on his thigh to look up at him as he blindly rubs at Finn’s cock through his pants. Finn takes a deep breath through his nose and pinches his eyes shut. Poe doesn’t do more than stroke him through the soft material for a minute. Finn becomes more and more restless by the second beneath him, hips arching, following the touch when Poe reaches the head and lets go, with a pinch, to start another slow, squeezing glide up from the base, over and over again. “Please,” Finn finally gasps, tugging harshly on his hair, seemingly without meaning to. When Poe glances up, a smug, satisfied grin lifting the corner of his mouth, Finn’s head is tipped back and to the side, eyes clenched shut, and sweat glistening on his Cupid’s bow. “Since you asked so nicely,” Poe murmurs, shifting up to his knees. It doesn’t take much encouragement to get Finn to lift his hips, allowing Poe to pull his sleep pants down and off entirely. Poe does spare a glance over his shoulder at the mouth of the tent, but BB-8 is resolutely focused outward, watching the surrounding woods. Poe sends a silent note of thanks before turning his attention back to the gorgeous, naked body sprawled out beneath him. He can’t help but run his hands up those toned thighs to spread at the join of his hips. He nudges up, encouraging Finn to drape his legs over his shoulders. “Poe,” Finn whispers, barely audible over the blood rushing in Poe’s ears, but he hears him all the same. And he obliges. The first touch of Poe’s tongue to Finn’s cock is practically electric. Finn jerks beneath him, fingers twisting hopelessly around his increasingly sweat-damp curls, and pulling. Poe keeps his eyes open as he sucks him, watching Finn as he tenses, listening greedily for every sweet moan that escapes his lips. Poe likes this, likes taking his partner in his mouth and driving them over the edge. He likes the feeling of power it gives him, the warm pulse on his tongue, the ache in his jaw, likes to imagine he can feel it in his belly long after he swallows down the proof of Finn’s release. The thought has him moaning, sinking down further on Finn’s cock until his lips meet his fist. He stays there, swallows around him, and his eyes finally flutter shut at the desperate cry Finn gives. Time stands still as Poe lies between Finn’s thighs, hand steady at the base of his cock and fingers dragging along heated skin. Nails dig into his scalp and Poe moans, low in his throat, ridding the surprised buck of Finn’s hips with practiced ease. He pulls back to tease at the head, tonguing his slit and swallowing the resulting burst of precome, before he sinks back down. “Poe,” Finn gasps, “ Poe , I’m close. I’m close.” Fingers tug wildly at his hair, trying to pull him off, but Poe digs the fingers of his free hand into Finn’s stomach and doubles his efforts. He wants him to come, wants to feel it happen, make it happen. He wants to taste it, feels like he’s starving for it. Finn’s hips buck unexpectedly and Poe chokes, pulling back just as Finn starts to come. He jerks him through it, mouth following the stuttering movements of Finn’s hips, catching his release across his cheek and on his tongue. Finn comes down slowly, Poe stroking him through the aftershocks until the sounds coming from his bite-swollen lips turn pained. Poe settles back on his heels and rests his hands on Finn’s shaking knees, taking in the sight before him. Nothing but firm muscles gone lax and a sheen of sweat over lovely, dark skin that Poe himself is the cause of. “C’mere.” Poe looks up at the throaty demand. Finn is still breathing heavily, eyes half-open, and hands reaching out for him. Poe goes without argument, climbing over his sprawled thighs to rest against his side. Finn turns on his own to meet him and Poe draws him into a hard, deep kiss. Finn wastes no time, sliding his hand into Poe’s pants and grasping his cock. He’s wet on his own, leaking and so, so hard from sucking Finn to completion. He breaks away to gasp a breath as Finn sets a brutal pace on him, stroking him fast and rough. Poe clutches at Finn’s moving shoulder, leg lifting over his hip to thrust into his grasp. Finn’s palm is hot and slick and easily the most amazing thing Poe has ever felt. He doesn’t strive for stamina, doesn’t try to hold out and impress Finn or himself with his ability to resist. He doesn’t want to; it feels so good, the brutal pace Finn has set. There’s heat coiling rapidly in his belly, tightening his muscles and drawing his balls up. He can’t catch his breath, panting into Finn’s sweaty neck as a hand slips down the back of his pants to grip his ass and pull him into the rough rhythm of his fist. “Finn,” Poe gasps, fingers scrabbling on slick skin, desperate for purchase he can’t find, completely at Finn’s mercy. “Oh… please.” Sharp teeth dig into his neck, sparking tendrils of pain down his spine and over his chest, sore, sunburned skin bruising instantly under the pressure. Poe loses it then, muffling his cries into Finn’s shoulder, as he comes, spurting heavily over his fist. It takes solid minutes for his heart rate to calm, slow back toward its natural rhythm. He doesn’t want to open his eyes. It’s enough to feel Finn’s bicep, warm and hard under his head, to feel the heat of his chest inches from his own. It’s enough to content him that Finn is this close and to know that he’s not going anywhere. Poe squeezes at Finn’s hip just to hear him grunt and swat his hand away; he refuses, still, to admit that he’s ticklish. “It was the jacket,” Finn says, voice rough. It’s a strange enough statement to draw Poe’s eyes open. “What?” “The jacket. That’s what got you me.” The harkening back to their previous conversation is so abrupt and out of place that Poe tosses his head back and laughs. He still doesn’t have the proper breath for it, making his stomach muscles ache with the strain. But it still feels amazing, because Finn is laughing too, face pressed into his neck as he scoots down to mold himself against Poe, making himself smaller to fit. Poe strokes at his sweaty hair as his laughter dies down. The smile stays on his face even as he drops his head to press a lingering kiss to Finn’s forehead. “You’re ridiculous.” Finn doesn’t deny it, just presses in closer, settling down. “Hey, don’t fall asleep on me. We’re filthy.” Finn groans against his throat. “We’ll wash off in the morning,” he insists. “You’re going to make me get back in that lake, anyway, aren’t you?” Poe really doesn’t want to go to sleep with a mess in his pants like some sort of disgusting teenager; but Finn is heavier and bigger than he is, so when he rolls them over to pin Poe beneath him, he doesn’t have much choice in the matter. “You’ll get cold like that,” Poe says quietly, gaze trailing over his naked body as Finn settles with his head against his chest. He shrugs and shakes his head minutely. “You’re keepin’ me warm. Remember?” Poe looks down as he traces his fingers over Finn’s sweat-tacky hairline and tightens his other arm around his shoulders. “Yeah,” Poe murmurs as Finn’s breathing slows. “Yeah, I remember.” Notes: Any and all feedback is very welcome. If there are any glaring (or even not-so-glaring) errors, please feel free to let me know how to improve it or make it more accurate. My tumblr is here , if you'd like to be bros :D