Two weeks after Finn wakes up, Poe and his squadron get back from Am’r, bruised and more than a little tired. Poe wants to drop to the cold concrete floor of the hangar and take a well deserved nap, but the arrival of BB-8 stops him. [ Designation: Poe! ] “Hey! Buddy! I missed you!” BB-8 pushes against the back of his legs, insistent beeps coming from it. [ Designation: Poe, you must go to the medical ward. It is of utmost importance. ] Poe’s heart stops. His mind races as he takes off into a sprint, discarding all thoughts of sleep. His mind is only focused on one thing. Finn. He’s halfway to the medical ward when another series of frustrated beeps comes from BB-8. [ Designation: Poe! I am having troubles keeping up! Please reduce your speed, Designation: Finn will still be awake when you get there. ] He almost trips in his urgency to move even faster. “BB-8, why didn’t anyone tell me?” He’s almost there, almost to the medical ward, almost to- Poe doesn’t really see himself as a sentimental kind of guy, but he can say that seeing Finn after three weeks is almost as good as a home-cooked meal. Probably better. “Hey.” His voice is soft, softer than he ever thought it could be. Finn’s smile is all he needs, in a moment he’s crossing the threshold and moving towards Finn. When they hug, it’s so much better than any meal Poe can imagine. Poe squeezes tight, he can’t believe it’s real. And maybe he squeezes a little too tight because Finn winces and Poe jumps away. His face is burning with shame, his heart physically aches. But Finn just smiles up at him. “Sorry, still a bit tender. Come back here.” And he tugs at Poe’s sleeve and goddamnit, when did Poe get so attached? They hug for too long, and it should be awkward but because it’s Finn it’s not. Poe doesn’t really want to let go but he just got back from a three week mission from hell and he could really use some food. Or at least that’s what his stomach says, growling embarrassingly loud and disrupting what could’ve been a beautiful, never-ending hug. He pulls away, sheepish, “Right. Uh-” He rubs his neck. Finn just smiles again, “Sure, sure. Just give me a second and we can head down to the mess hall.” He smiles wider now, waiting for Poe’s reaction. “Wait, seriously? You’re already walking? Buddy, that’s awesome.” And it is, it so is. “Yeah, well. The doctors tried to explain it but I got kind of lost, but, turns out I’m really lucky.” “Physical therapy sucks ass, though. Nobody told me that.” Poe laughs, maybe a little harder than necessary, covering up a small shred of guilt because he should’ve been there to tell Finn that PT sucks ass. He wants to apologize. Instead he claps a hand down on Finn’s shoulder as they walk, and for a bit, everything is good. - Two steps into the mess hall Poe wants to turn around and never come back, hunger be damned. He should have figured the rest of the pilots would be there as well, but he was kind of caught with, you know, Finn. Finn, who apparently sees no problem with plunking himself down in the middle of their table. And there’s not really. It’s just Poe was hoping for a little quiet time to catch up and with the pilots that’s near impossible. “And so, here I am, trying to fly this plane and I swear to god, I thought I was gonna die. And Poe freaking Dameron says over the comm, ‘wanna go out for drinks after this?’ Real nonchalant. Like we’re not totally about to implode!” Jessika gestures wildly as she speaks and Finn hangs on to every word, wide-eyed. Poe stabs at his rice. It’s great that Finn’s making friends but he can’t help being jealous. He wanted to be the one he looked at awestruck. Not just some guy. “You okay?” Finn breaks him out of his internal angst. “Yeah, just thinking.” Finn leans closer, “‘Bout what?” And, fuck, Poe’s so tired he can’t really help what comes out of his mouth next, “Wanna go out?” The table falls silent. “I mean, do you-uh want to go get a drink sometime? With me. As friends.” Finn scrunches his nose up, ever oblivious, “Sure.” He turns to the rest of the table, “You guys should come, it’ll be fun.” The table exchanges looks as Poe’s cheeks burn. “That’s awfully sweet, Finn, but-” “It’s just we’re-” “We can’t. But you and Poe will have fun. The two of you. Alone.” Snap manages to cut through the scramble of the others. He manages a wink at Poe though, and he returns it with a glare. Jess gives him a conspiratorial look, “Well, I’m beat. Guys?” She gives them pointed stares. The rest of the group (sans Finn, who remains blissfully unaware) get the drift and move to leave. “Oh, man, you must be tired, and I’ve kept you up. I’m so sorry.” Finn turns to Poe, his eyes searching, “You must be exhausted. From the stories I’ve heard..” He trails off. “Hey, no, it’s fine. I’m not-” A huge yawn cuts him off, “Okay, maybe a bit.” He rubs his neck. “I’ll walk you to your room, if you want?” “Yeah, that’d be great, thanks.” Poe hopes he’s not taking advantage when he wraps an arm around Finn under the guise of support. They walk quietly, slowly and sometimes stop because Finn needs a rest. Poe’s tired and content to let him lean on him for a bit. It’s not too late in the day, but Poe still hasn’t got that nasty looking bruise on his shoulder checked and would really kill for some uninterrupted shut eye. “Hey, Poe?” They’re at his door now. “Hm?” “What you said earlier, about going out?” Fuck. “I’ve never- Um. Really been on a date. So I don’t really, know, uh, I mean. Where would we go?” The last sentence is a rush, and Poe feels a little sick to his stomach knowing he’d been so painfully obvious. “I don’t know, really. Whatever you’d like. Dinner. Dancing, maybe.” Finn looks at him, then quickly looks down, “I don’t know how to dance.” “What?” Finn doesn’t say anything, just keeps looking down and fidgets. “Well, that’s okay. I’ll, um, teach you how.” Poe doesn’t think he’s ever been this awkward. Something about Finn just makes him flustered, makes him forget that he’s the best pilot in the Resistance. “Really?” Finn looks up, hopeful. Poe nods, then takes Finn’s hand, because that’s the kind of person he is. He starts rummaging around once they get inside leaving Finn to stand awkwardly in the middle of his room. “I think I have something in here.. Ha! There it is!” He pulls out a radio, kind of old and dusty but still in working condition. Finn looks a bit like a deer in headlights as Poe turns it on and fiddles with the buttons. He settles on an older song, letting the music fill the room for a second. Soon, he’s turning to face Finn. “Okay, now, put your hands on my shoulders, yeah that’s right, awesome.” Poe’s voice is hoarse, Finn’s eyes are close to his, their faces just inches apart. “Okay, so, uh, just. Step back, now right, then left, and then. Repeat.” It’s awkward at first. Finn keeps looking down at his feet, trying to keep time. But soon they’ve found a rhythm that sort of works for them. Finn’s arms tighten around him. They stare at each other, caught up in their own thoughts. Finn has a soft smile on his face and Poe mirrors it. “Thanks.” “Anything for you, seriously.” Poe isn’t lying. This whole day feels like a dream. (He really hopes not.) He drops his head onto Finn’s shoulder. They’ve lost all sense of grace. Now they’re just swaying back and forth with each other in their arms. It’s perfect. And Poe wouldn’t change any part of it for the world.