A First Time for Everything...Even a Birthday Poe is up to something. Finn can tell by the grin that’s spread across his friend’s face as he walks from table to table in the mess hall, leaning in to talk to different people as he goes. Finn knows all too well what it feels like to be on the receiving end of Poe’s quiet, little asides—his voice so close in your ear that you can feel his breath warm on your skin. He shivers and averts his eyes. “It’s a bitch, isn’t it?” Jess Pava asks. “What?” Finn asks, genuinely not sure what she means. “Wanting someone from afar and not having them,” she says. Finn’s eyes widen. “That’s not…I mean….” He stumbles over his words. Jess just smirks at him. “Got it,” she says. “Forget I mentioned it.” She gets up and clears her tray, and is about to head to the kitchen to drop it off when Poe reaches her, leaning in once again to say something to Jess this time in a low voice. Whatever he says, it makes Jess’s eyes stray back to Finn, her smirk even wider and more knowing this time. She sits back down across from Finn, as Poe heads through the kitchen door. “I decided to stay for a few more minutes,” she says. “Our conversation was just too scintillating to pass up.” For the second time that evening, Poe just says, “What?” A crowd seems to be gathering around them—pilots, mechanics, ground soldiers, sanitation officers, even the staff from the hospital. There are people whose names he knows and some whose names he couldn’t even guess at. He spots General Organa on the edge of the crowd with C3P0, and looks away. No matter how kind she’s been to him, the general intimidates the hell out of him. He had enough experience at the hands of General Hux to know that avoiding the higher ups is the surest way to ensure you’ll survive. But then he notices General Organa parting the crowd, and before he knows it, Poe and BB-8 are coming straight toward him—the droid holding a sparkler, and his friend carrying something Finn can’t make out in his hands. When they get to Finn and Jess’s table, Poe lays the something down on the table in front of Finn. “You said you didn’t know when your birthday is,” Poe says. “So I figured today was as good a day as any to celebrate.” Finn just has time to glance up at Poe in confusion before his friend says, “Happy birthday, buddy.” Then the whole mess hall, including General Organa, starts singing of all things. It takes Finn a minute to realize that they’re singing to him—something about having a happy birthday. He finally looks down at the table and sees a cake. It’s nothing fancy—nothing they eat ever is—but it’s covered in sweet-smelling icing and has the words, Happy Birthday to Finn, the Biggest Deal in the Resistance! messily inscribed on it. Finn blushes when he reads it—and makes a mental note to throttle Rey and Chewbacca whenever they return to D’Qar for telling Poe that he’d ever said this. How embarrassing to have them make fun of him on a birthday cake—and the first one he’s ever had, at that. Then he looks around at all of the smiling faces in the mess hall, and realizes that they’re not making fun of him. Or if they are, it’s in a teasing, friendly way. Like he’s really one of them. He smiles back at everyone, genuinely pleased at this show of camaraderie. That is until Jess kicks him under the table. “Jeez, that’s my bad leg,” he reminds her, rubbing his shin. The feeling hasn’t completely come back in his right leg, despite the med team’s best efforts to patch up his spine. Jess’s kick didn’t hurt, exactly, but it did cause a string of piercing pins and needles to crawl up and down his leg. “Suck it up, Stormtrooper,” she says. Then she leans across the table and says in a lower voice, “You’re supposed to blow out the candles.” He glances down at his cake again and does just that. The crowd in the mess hall erupts first in cheers and then in demands to have a slice of the cake. Poe cuts it up and BB-8 precariously balances each plate of cake on its head in order to hand it out. “So,” Jess says. “Maybe you don’t have to want him from afar after all.” She gestures at Poe as he chats with the folks line to get cake. Finn looks at Poe for a long moment. “He’s the best friend I’ve ever had,” he tells Jess. For once, Jess’s face loses its usual Finn-induced smirk. “I think you’re his best friend, too,” she tells him. This tiny bit of information makes Finn swell with pride and happiness. He’d never had a friend at all, and now he has Poe and Rey, Chewbacca and BB-8. Maybe even Jess, in her own way. Now he has a birthday, too. His smile fades as he thinks about that. It’s a birthday, but it’s not really his birthday. He’ll never know what day it really is or how he might have celebrated if he hadn’t been stolen away from his parents by the First Order. It hurts too much to think about that distant past, though—about what might have been—and he can feel Poe’s eyes on him, cast in worry as if he can read what Finn is thinking. Poe. Finn is still amazed that someone like Poe would even want to be his friend, and that thought supplants the darker one. He smiles at him and Poe smiles back over the crowd. It’s might not be his birthday, but it’s a birthday nonetheless—yet another thing Finn would never have experienced without his new friend. ********************* “Can I ask you a question?” Poe says as they relax in his room after dinner. Poe arranged for Finn to bunk with him and always calls it their room, but Finn has a hard time thinking of it of his own. Poe has a high enough rank to have a room all to himself, but chose to have an extra cot lugged in so that Finn wouldn’t feel so alone in his first days out of the hospital. “Sure, anything,” he says to Poe. “What happened at the party?” Poe asks. “One minute it looked like you were having a great time, and the next you looked like someone just killed your puppy.” “Like someone what?” “It’s an expression,” Poe says, grinning. “It means you looked really sad.” “Oh.” That’s all Finn says for a minute, mostly because he needs to time process the fact that once again, Poe could read him like a book—and also because he doesn’t know how to explain what happened at the party. He feels like he owes it to Poe to try, though. “Okay, first of all, I love that you did something so thoughtful for me,” Finn begins. “I mean, did something so thoughtful again. It feels like you’re always doing stuff like this for people.” “Nah, mostly just for you,” Poe says with another grin. Finn can never tell if Poe is being serious when he said things like this, but part of him hopes that he is—that there’s something special about their friendship. “You still haven’t answered my question, you know,” Poe persists, sitting down next to Finn on the cot. Finn nods. “I know,” he says, and takes a deep breath. “I guess I just started thinking about the fact that I’m the only one here who doesn’t know when my real birthday is—or even who my parents were. I loved the party, Poe. I really did. I loved that you put all of that together for me.” “But?” “But I wish I knew the truth about myself,” Finn replies. “I wish I could find out who I really am.” “You’re Finn,” Poe says. “You’re the guy who was brave enough to break away from the First Order and take me with you." “I think technically you took me with you,” Finn reminds him. “I couldn’t have flown that tie fighter on my own.” “Okay, so we rescued each other,” Poe concedes. “But it was still you who busted me out. I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. And even if you don’t know who you are, I know you.” Finn reaches out and takes Poe’s hand in his. Unlike Rey, Poe never seems to mind when he does this. “Listen, buddy,” Poe says. “There’s an archive on Yavin 4. It’s a Republic thing and it might not have been updated in a while. They might not even be too eager to let the Resistance access it considering everything that’s happened. But we could try.” “An archive of what?” Finn asks. “Of kids who’ve…disappeared over the years,” Poe says, his voice gentler than it was before. “Kids the First Order might have taken, even if the Republic won’t admit that as a possibility. Maybe you’re in there.” “Maybe I’m in there,” Finn repeats, then falls silent. “We could go,” Poe says. “You and me. We could try to break into it and figure out where you came from.” Finn can hardly believe that this could even be a possibility. “What would we have to do?” “Well, first we’d have to get off D’Qar,” Poe laughs. “And break into the archive.” He pauses. “Well, and do all of that without what’s left of the Republic catching on and First Order spies finding us.” “Yeah, that sounds like it’s going to be impossible.” Poe squeezes his hand. “Nothing is impossible, buddy,” he says. “And if you want to give it a try, I’m right there with you.” Yavin 4. He could see Poe’s home planet. He could spend even more time with him, just the two of them without Jess teasing him about it. He could discover out who his family was. Maybe even find out where they are now so he could meet them. “When do we go?” Finn says at last. Poe gives him his widest grin, and Finn’s heart beats a little more quickly. An adventure. This will be an adventure. And who knows? Maybe at the end of it, he’ll finally find out who he really is. Chapter 2 : Not Quite a Honeymoon Summary: Finn and Poe leave for Yavin 4, but not before Jess teases Finn about them going on their honeymoon--even though Finn has no idea what that actually is. When he finds out, though, he begins to wonder for the first time if that kind of relationship is the kind he really wants with Poe....even though it seems like it's the last thing on Poe's mind. Notes: “You good, buddy?” “I’m great,” Finn says. “This is going to be the best honeymoon ever.” The ship lists sideways as a coughing fit wracks Poe’s body. “The best what?” Poe asks when he finally catches his breath. The general wasn’t all that pleased when Finn and Poe went to her to ask if they could go on leave for a few days. She kept looking at one of them and then the other as Poe talked—Finn knew he would never have the courage to actually ask the general for something. But despite his fears, she told them they could take one of the older A-wings since they needed a two-person ship and Poe’s X-wing wasn’t going to cut it. Then she issued a stern warning not to get blown up while we were gone. As they finally leave her office, Poe is grinning. “I told you she’d say yes,” he says. “Only because it was you asking,” Finn reminds him. “If I’d been the one doing the talking, she would have sent me back to the hospital.” Finn feels Poe’s eyes on him as they walked. “You are still limping, buddy,” he says. “Pretty badly at that. Maybe we should postpone?” “Are you kidding me?” Finn says. “I might not even get any better than this, Poe. I might walk like this for the rest of my life. If we don’t go now….” Poe gives him a searching look. “Finn, you’re going to be fine,” he says. “You’re going to heal. Completely. I know you are.” Finn just shakes his head. “You can’t know that. Dr. Mels doesn’t even know that.” “Nothing is impossible,” Poe persists. “Just remember that.” “Fine,” Finn sighs. “Nothing is impossible. Which includes us going on this trip. And me finding out who I am.” With one of his huge smiles, Poe says, “Did you just use my own words against me?” “I absolutely did,” Finn replies. Poe’s got that look on his face like he can barely contain his happiness. “Go get your things and I’ll get the A-wing ready to fly.” As always, Jess doesn’t knock—she just opens the door and walks into the room Finn shares with Poe. “So, I heard you and Poe are going on your honeymoon,” she says, but she could be speaking a different language. Honestly, Finn wonders sometimes if he understands half of what she says to him most days. “We’re going to Yavin 4 to try to figure out who I really am,” he tells her. Jess nods from the doorway. “I know, Stormtrooper,” she says. “Seems like a damned stupid idea to me, but I couldn’t talk Poe down from that particular ledge.” Jess shakes her. “Just the two of you. Pretty cozy. And Yavin 4’s beautiful this time of year. Perfect place for a honeymoon really.” Finn processes this. A honeymoon must just be a fancy word for a trip. “That’s good,” he says. “I’ve never been on a honeymoon before.” Jess barks out a laugh. “You better stay out of trouble when you’re there,” she says. “If you get yourself blown up, I don’t know what I’d do with myself.” Finn is oddly touched by this. Sure, he has a hard time figuring out what on D’Qar she’s talking about most of the time. But he likes Jess nonetheless. She’s brave and brash and completely herself. He zips up his bag and turns to Jess again. “General Organa told us not to get blown up, too,” he says. “I didn’t realize honeymoons were so dangerous.” Jess erupts in a fit of laughter again, and then walks over to give him a quick slap on the back. “I’m on duty tonight,” she says. “Give me a wave when you take off.” With that, she’s gone. Finn is out the door himself just a minute later, rushing toward the tarmac to find Poe. The sooner they get going, the sooner he’ll find out who he is, after all. Plus, he loves flying with Poe—watching the best pilot in the galaxy at work is nothing to sneeze at. Finn’s feeling…good. Happy. Hopeful. When he find the A-wing, none of those feelings diminish. A smile spreads across Poe’s face as he approaches. “She’s ready to go when you are,” he tells Finn. “Then let’s do this.” Finn looks back and sees Jess watching them from underneath her X-wing. He gives her a wave, and she salutes him in return. Jess is definitely his friend, he realizes. This makes him look forward to leaving and look forward to coming back and telling Jess what he’s found out about himself. Maybe she’ll even stop calling him Stormtrooper when she finds out the truth about him. Finn climbs into the ship and straps himself into the gunner’s seat beside Poe. Poe flicks a few switches and they lift off. As they leave the Resistance’s airspace, he turns to Finn. “You good, buddy?” “I’m great,” Finn says. “This is going to be the best honeymoon ever.” The ship lists sideways as a coughing fit wracks Poe’s body. “The best what?” Poe asks when he finally catches his breath. “Honeymoon,” Finn repeats. “Jess said that’s what this kind of trip is called.” Poe’s eyes meet his, but Finn can’t read the expression in them. For a long few seconds, neither of them says anything. Finn has no idea what he’s done wrong, but he can almost feel how tense Poe is right now and is disgusted with himself. “The thing is, Finn,” Poe begins, then stops to clear his throat. “Um, a honeymoon is really a trip that two people take when they’ve, um, gotten married. It’s like a vacation so that the couple can spend some time alone together. Have lots of sex.” Finn’s eyes widen. He just added Jess’s name to the list of people he’d like to throttle. The list is getting long. “Oh, um….” He stammers out. “So, I guess we’re not really going on a honeymoon then.” “No, buddy,” Poe says, his voice still uneasy. “Not unless you’re planning to marry me on Yavin 4.” It feels like Poe is trying to make a joke, and Finn wants to be able to laugh at it—to laugh off his embarrassment. But the crazy thing is, he wonders for the first time what it would be like to be with Poe that way. To belong to each other and to be together, always. He wouldn’t say no to the lots of sex part, either. In fact, the more he thinks about it, the more he’s sure that’s what he wants. One glance at Poe’s furrowed eyebrows, though, and he’s well aware that it’s not what Poe wants. Neither of them says another word until they reach their destination. **************** When they finally arrive, the conversation is still stilted. They talk about unloading their things. They build a camp together on the outskirts of the town that stores the archives. They unpack their rations and have dinner as the sun dips below the horizon. Even with the prospect of figuring out who is he, Finn has rarely ever felt this miserable. And as a former member of the First Order, that’s saying something. Finally, when they’re settled into the shelter they built together, the tension seems to break. “So, tomorrow’s the big day,” Poe says to him in the darkness. “I guess.” “What do you think you’ll find out about your family?” Finn shrugs in the darkness. “I have no idea,” he says. “I’ve tried so many times to remember something—anything—about who they were, but I was so young when the First Order took me. The only memories I have from when I was a boy are of training and reconditioning.” For a few seconds, Poe doesn’t respond at all. Then he reaches out and takes Finn’s hand. Finn’s stomach unclenches just a little at Poe’s touch. Whatever happened earlier, they seem to be moving past it. And that’s good—they need to move past it. Even if Poe would never want to be with him that way, Finn can’t lose his friendship. Poe means too much to him. “What were your parents like?” Finn asks. He knows both of Poe’s parents are dead, and that they were both part of the Rebellion. But that’s really all he knows. “Busy?” Poe offers. “Brave. Hardworking. They were heroes in every sense of the word.” “But?” Finn asks. “Well, they weren’t around much, to be honest,” Poe admits. “One or the other of them was always off on a mission. And I admired the hell out of both of them for risking their lives to make the galaxy a better place.” “But?” Finn says again. This time Poe squeezes his hand. “But I didn’t get to see them that often,” Poe says. “Even if one of them was home, the other was always gone. Sometimes they both were gone for months. I spent a lot of time just hanging around the Rebellion base when I was a kid.” “Did you know Luke Skywalker?” “I’ve met him,” Poe says. “But he wasn’t around much either. The general and Han were always kind to me, though. And Chewy used to spend hours looking out for me. He taught me to fly long before I should ever have been in a cockpit.” Finn took that in. Maybe he’d take Chewbacca off the to-be-throttled list after all. Not that he could ever seriously throttle a Wookiee anyway. He turns his head and looks at Poe in the darkness. “Was it hard being the son of two war heroes?” Poe shrugs again. “Big shoes to fill, I guess,” he says. “But not hard. At least not in the way that you mean.” “Then in what way?” Finn persists. “Maybe…just hard to find my place. To define myself as anything other than their kid,” Poe replies. “Let me get this straight,” Finn says. “In order to find your place, you just happened to turn yourself into the best pilot in the galaxy?” This gets Poe laughing, and the sound makes Finn relax even more. “Something like that, yeah.” “So you found yourself as a pilot,” Finn says. “And tomorrow, hopefully I’ll find myself as something, too. I mean, other than a traitor to the First Order and permanently injured member of the Resistance.” “You know what?” Poe says. “You’ve got to cut yourself some slack.” Poe lets go of Finn’s hand, but turns on his side to face him. Finn turns to do the same. They’re so close he can feel Poe’s breath on his cheek. “No matter what you find out tomorrow, you’ve already put FN-2187 behind you,” Poe tells him. “You’ve already become Finn, and an important part of the Resistance. Nothing can change that.” Finn tries to focus in on the words that Poe is saying, but it’s nearly impossible to do when Poe is this close to him. He reaches out and takes Poe’s hand again, grateful as always that his friend doesn’t mind but wishing he could do more than just hold hands with him. Poe smiles and closes his eyes, and Finn watches as he slowly falls asleep. There’ll be no sleep for Finn tonight, though. There’s too much to think about. And he doesn’t want to shut down the excitement of what tomorrow might bring—or miss a single moment of lying like this with next to his friend. Chapter 3 Summary: Finn and Poe try to find information about Finn's family, but instead the First Order finds them. When Finn gets hurt, Poe struggles to keep them both safe--and alive. Notes: “You have to, Poe,” he tells his friend. “It’s the only way you’re going escape. I’ll stay here. Maybe they won’t find me. I can get help afterward.” Poe takes Finn’s face in both of his hands. “Listen to me, buddy, because I’m not saying this again,” he says. “I. Am. Not. Leaving. You.” One hour stretches into two, two into three, as they search endlessly through computer files and even ancient paper ones—guessing at what year Finn might have been born in, where he might have been born. The dust is making Finn’s eyes itch. The damp is settling into his bad leg, making it ache. There are so many records but none seem to quite add up to what Finn wishes they would: a life, explained to him in clear, simple details. Finn realizes the truth before Poe does—this is hopeless. When their eyes meet, though, Poe can see what Finn’s thinking. “Don’t do that, buddy,” he says. “We’ll figure it out. It’s just going to take some time, and….” A loud bang rings down the otherwise empty archive, silencing Poe. Finn listens as the sound of a door opening and closing, more quietly this time, echoes down the hall. “We’re not alone,” Poe whispers to him, but Finn already knows that. “What are the odds that it’s just someone doing research like we are?” he whispers back. “I’m going to go with slim,” Poe says, taking out his blaster. “Just to be on the safe side.” “Better safe than dead,” Finn says, getting out his own. A momentary smile flashes across Poe’s face. “Words to live by,” he whispers. But there are footsteps coming down the hall now. Poe flicks off the light in the archive room they’ve been using and they stand on opposite sides of the door, hoping that a First Order spy didn’t rat them out and that an ambush isn’t coming. The door creaks open, light from the hallway of the archive spilling into the room. Finn watches Poe from a few feet away, knowing that this might be it for them—that one or both of them might not make it through today. The thought fills him with sadness. Despite the danger they might be in, all Finn can think about is the horror of losing Poe. They have to get through this. They’ve already gotten through worse. Then the tip of a blaster makes its way through the door, followed by a Stormtrooper—white armor gleaming in the darkness. The trooper steps into the room, and Poe hits him hard on the back of the head. Finn looks down in stunned silence. Every time he’s in battle against a Stormtrooper he wonders who it is he’s up against—if it’s someone he knows whom he’s hurting. But he doesn’t have time to think about much else, before Poe is dragging him from the archives. Their footsteps echo loudly through the old stone corridor, bouncing off the walls and then all around the staircase as they try to stay out of sight of the other First Order soldiers. One spots them. Finn knows because he hears a yelled, “Traitor!” behind him. That word lodges in his mind. Can he really be a traitor when the cause he left was a bad one? Clearly the Stormtroopers he left behind think so. And now they’re coming for him. Again. Poe grabs his arm and pulls him even more quickly down the passage—toward the jungle outside and the safety of their ship. But Finn can’t move this fast. He stumbles over his bad leg, almost taking Poe down with him. Then he feels it—a blaster shot tearing through his skin. Finn falls to the ground, holding the leg that’s already failed him so badly. The First Order is coming for him, and he can’t outrun them anymore. The one thing he can do is save Poe. “Get out of here,” he tells him. “Get to the ship.” “I’m trying to,” Poe says, as he lifts Finn back to his feet. Poe pulls him into a utility closet and closes the door behind them. But Finn just shakes his head. “It’s no use, Poe,” he says. “I can barely walk. I’m not going to make it out of here alive.” “And I’m not leaving you behind,” Poe counters. “You think I’m going to leave you here to die? For them to capture?” His eyebrows are knit and the expression in those big brown eyes nearly does Finn in. He won’t let Poe die because of him. “You have to, Poe,” he tells his friend. “It’s the only way you’re going escape. I’ll stay here. Maybe they won’t find me. I can get help afterward.” Poe takes Finn’s face in both of his hands. “Listen to me, buddy, because I’m not saying this again,” he says. “I. Am. Not. Leaving. You.” They hear the First Order run down the hall, past their hiding place. “Now’s our chance,” Poe says. “We’ve got to go.” Finn puts one arm around Poe’s neck and together they make their way toward the door. “Count of three?” Poe says. With a nod, Finn takes a deep breath and starts the count. “One, two….” The door bursts open before they take a single step. “I knew I smelled a traitor the minute I walked in here,” the First Order soldier said. “Drop your weapons.” Finn doesn’t have his mask anymore so he can’t tell who the Storm Trooper is using the screen within it. He also doesn’t recognize the man’s voice. But clearly this man knows Finn. “Walk this way, traitor,” the trooper says. “And bring your friend with you.” Finn feels the hard steel of the blaster pushing into his back, and does what the Storm Trooper tells him to—he moves out, holding onto to Poe with one hand, his leg with the other. “I’m so sorry, Poe,” he says in a low voice. “Don’t be, buddy,” Poe replies. “We’ll be fine.” Finn almost stops in his tracks. “No, we won’t,” he says. Poe turns and looks him in the eyes. “Nothing is impossible, Finn.” Finn just shakes his head as they emerge into the damp green of the Yavin 4 jungle. “Some things are.” The Stormtrooper who’s captured them pushes them to keep walking, so they do. There’s a faint whir in the air, and Finn realizes what it must be—a tie-fighter approaching. Not that it matters in terms of his own well-being anymore. He’s losing blood, and quickly. The First Order can’t do much more to hurt him. It’s Poe he’s really worried about. The sound of the approaching ship gets stronger by the moment, and Poe nudges Finn and grins. “Remember how I said that nothing’s impossible?” “Poe, you’re always saying that,” Finn says. “That’s because it’s always true,” Poe returns. Then he fixes his eyes to the treetops. “That’s one of ours,” he whispers, just as an X-wing fighter crashes through the tree canopy and opens fire on the scattered First Order troops. They shoot at the ship, but their blasters are no match for an X-Wing. Poe actually starts laughing as the ship swoops down low over them. “Jess!” he yells. “It’s Jess!” Finn has only a moment to look up before Poe is once again pulling him forward. The First Order is down—for now. They have to get back to their ship before any new troops get curious and show up to find out what’s happening. That’s no easy task for Finn, though. As Jess covers them from above, he tries to keep up with Poe, but not only is his leg a mess, but he’s getting weak from the loss of blood. He falters, tripping over his own feet again. The last thing he remembers before he loses consciousness is the sound of Poe grunting as he hoists Finn over his shoulder. After that, everything is darkness. Chapter 4 : Getting Cozy Summary: Finn ends up in the medical bay once again, but this time with Poe by his side. When he wakes up in the morning, though, his memory of the night before is fuzzy from the pain and painkillers. He's not positive how it happened, but Poe is in bed with him, their arms wrapped around each other. Now he's not only unsure who he is, but he's also unsure where he stands with his friend. Notes: He knows at some point he must have moved over in his hospital bed to make room for Poe, because Poe was sleeping next to him this morning, pressed against Finn in the slim medical bed, their arms wrapped around each other. Finn’s hand was tangled in Poe’s rough curls when he woke, their faces so close to each other’s that it would have taken nothing at all to close the gap between them and simply kiss him. There are voices all around him, but Finn has a hard time listening to what they’re saying. He’s having a hard time even opening his eyes. And the pain in his right leg is almost unbearable. Two voices start to rise above his haze—two that he knows well and that appear to be arguing with each other. “What the hell were you thinking?” Jess asks. “I told you that bringing him out there was a stupid risk.” “He wanted to find out who his family is.” Poe. Defending himself against Jess of all people. “And if he wanted to jump off a cliff would you do that, too?” Finn has never heard Jess sound so angry before. Or Poe so defeated. “I was just trying to help him,” Poe replies. “Yeah, well, you’ve helped him right back in to the hospital,” Jess says. Finn opens his eyes, taking in his two friends locked in a verbal battle by his bedside. “Can you two stop yelling, please?” he asks. “My head’s not exactly in top shape at the moment.” Poe immediately drops into a chair pulled close to Finn’s bed. Jess stands behind him, looking relieved. “We’ll stop arguing,” she says. “But only because you’re conscious again.” “Glad I woke up then,” Finn says with a small smile. Jess shakes her head at him. “Did I or did I not tell you not to get yourself blown up, Stormtrooper?” Finn’s smile grows wider. “I didn’t really get blown up,” he replies. “Just a bit blasted.” A nurse enters the room to take his vitals, and Jess backs away to give him room. “Try to stay alive and out of trouble for a few hours, okay?” she says. “I can’t always swoop in to save your sorry ass like I did yesterday.” “Got it,” Finn says weakly. “No more trouble.” Jess turns to leave the hospital room, but Finn reaches out to touch her arm. “Thanks for swooping in to save us, Jess,” he says. She looks down at him with serious eyes for a moment. “Any time, Stormtrooper,” she replies, then walks out of the room. The nurse seems relieved that he’s awake, but clearly not as much as Poe is. “I thought we’d lost you, buddy,” he says. “You should have left without me,” Finn reminds him. “We could have both died out there.” “But we didn’t,” Poe says. “Jess found us.” Finn mulls that over for a second in confusion. “How did Jess find us?” “General Organa’s team picked up a communication that the First Order had us cornered. Jess volunteered to go in to get us. One jump to warp speed, and she saved the day,” Poe tells him. “She volunteered to come after us?” Somehow that seems too enormous to be true. “Why would she do that?” Poe smiles at him. “I don’t know if you’ve caught on to this or not, but she’s really fond of you in her own way,” he says. “Her little brother died three years ago. I think you remind her of him.” “How…how did he die?” he asks Poe. “He was a pilot,” Poe tells him. “Shot down by the First Order.” For a few horrible seconds, Finn can’t breathe. “I can’t believe she even talks to me,” he manages to say. “I can’t believe she doesn’t hate the sight of me.” “Jess is a complicated person,” Poe replies. “She hates the First Order almost as much as she loved her brother. But I keep telling you, you’re not First Order, Finn. Jess knows it as well as I do.” Finn closes his eyes again, exhausted on every imaginable level. He’s still awake, though, when Poe’s chair scrapes against the course tile floor and Poe starts to walk toward the door. “Don’t leave,” Finn croaks out. Poe sits back down again, drawing the chair in closer. “I thought you could use some rest,” he says. Finn’s eyes open again. “I could,” he says. “But it’s easier to rest with you here.” “I’ll stay as long as you want me to,” Poe says. “I always want you to,” Finn tells him. He closes his eyes again, this time wrapping his fingers around Poe’s hand. Finn’s leg is throbbing, but he can’t bring himself to worry about it at that very moment. All that matters is that he’s still alive—and still with Poe. ************************* When Finn wakes in the morning, though, other cares push themselves into the corners of his mind. Poe gets called away for work, Jess doesn’t come back, Rey and Chewy are still somewhere beyond the Outer Rim. BB-8 comes to check on him three times, but Finn will be damned if he can understand a single thing the droid says. He’ll have to get Poe to teach him when he gets out of the hospital. Then even more worries flood in. He has only vague memories of talking to Poe in the night, long after the lights were dimmed and all of his other visitors were gone. He remembers feeling safe, happy. He knows at some point he must have moved over in his hospital bed to make room for Poe, because Poe was sleeping next to him this morning, pressed against Finn in the slim medical bed, their arms wrapped around each other. Finn’s hand was tangled in Poe’s rough curls when he woke, their faces so close to each other’s that it would have taken nothing at all to close the gap between them and simply kiss him. Did he beg Poe to sleep next to him just as he’d practically begged him to stay by his side earlier in the night? Dr. Mels arrives, interrupting his thoughts. “So, I have some good news and bad news,” she tells Finn. “Which first?” “How about the good news?” Finn says. “I could use some.” “The good news is that you had multiple transfusions last night, and the effects of the blood loss are slim,” she says. “Also, the nerve damage isn’t any worse than it was before, so you should be back on your feet soon enough.” “Then what’s the bad news?” “You got shot by a blaster, which is painful as hell,” Dr. Mels replies. “And I get the impression that the general isn’t all that pleased with your and Poe’s escapades.” “How do you know that?” Finn asks. “She was here early this morning,” the doctor says. “She didn’t stay long though, as you had company already.” The smirk on the doctor’s face is unmistakable. “You seemed pretty cozy, so the general didn’t want to disturb you.” Finn groaned. “But she was angry?” “Among other things,” Dr. Mels says. With that, she walks from the room leaving Finn alone with his thoughts again. His leg wouldn’t be any worse for the wear—at least he had that. But the blaster wound certainly wasn’t going to make the more serious nerve injury heal any more quickly. And there were still even larger problem than that. Like how to face Jess again, knowing that the First Order killed her brother. Or what on earth he might have said to Poe last night while the pain and painkillers warred within in him. Or the fact that after all the trouble, the hurt, the complications, he still wasn’t any closer to learning who he really is—or where he stands with Poe. Chapter 5 Summary: Finn's been down about not being to find any information about his family, so Poe brings him to talk with General Organa. Their conversation begins with family...and ends with the general advising Finn to simply tell Poe how he feels. Notes: “And there’s a still deeper level of love and acceptance waiting for you, Finn,” the general continues. “One that I think you’re only just discovering for the first time.” She nods at the glass door and Finn turns to look. Through it, he sees Poe engaged with a group of the Resistance higher-ups in earnest conversation. His eyes dart back to General Organa in surprise. How could she possibly suspect? Poe keeps giving him what Finn has dubbed the worrisome look. He’s been doing it ever since Finn got out of the hospital ward again. “You’re just not healing the way you should,” Poe insists. “I’m fine,” Finn tells him. “Dr. Mels says everything’s as good as it can be at this point.” “I’m not talking about physical healing, Finn,” Poe says. “I’m talking about mental healing. And you’re not doing so well with that as far as I can tell.” Finn looks away, not knowing what to say. It’s not like he’s not trying to move on. It’s just that every hope he had of finding out his real identity is gone now. It’s a tougher pill to swallow than any that Dr. Mels has given him. And now he feels Poe’s worried eyes on him again. “Listen, there’s something you need to do,” Poe says. “Something that will help you deal with losing family and starting over. Will you do it?” “You mean like reconditioning?” Finn asks, wincing. “No, buddy, that’s not what I mean,” Poe says gently. “It would be more like talking to a friend.” Rey. Poe must have found a way to hook up a comm link to Rey. It would be a comfort to discuss all of this with her, though somehow Finn doesn’t think she’s the type to dwell on what she’s lost—she’s the type who forges forward. Who’s strong. Maybe talking to her will be good after all. Finn nods, and Poe holds the door to their room open for him. They walk in silence across the airfield and to headquarters. But instead of finding a comm link, they head straight toward General Organa. She smiles when she sees Poe approaching, but when she notices Finn right behind him, her face softens. “What can I help you with, boys?” she asks. Poe looks at Finn for the briefest of moments. “Finn’s been looking for his parents,” he tells her. “But, as you know, we’ve come up empty, and I….” The general’s eyes are on Finn now, and he squrims a bit under her scrutiny. “You brought him to talk to me,” she says, finishing Poe’s thought for him. “Why don’t you give us a few minutes?” Poe seems to know that he’s being dismissed, but he turns to Finn before he leaves. Without saying a word, his best friend puts both hands on Finn’s shoulders, giving him a reassuring smile. Warmth spreads through Finn—a warmth he only feels when he’s with Poe. He’s more grateful for this friend than he could ever possibly express to him. Finn can’t help but smile back, or to notice at how Poe’s whole face brightens in response, his eyes filled with emotion. But then Poe pats Finn’s shoulder and is gone. Leaving him with General Organa. “So,” she begins. “You haven’t been able to find your birth parents?” Not for the first time since he’s joined the resistance, Finn marvels at where he is and what he’s doing. In his old life, this would have been unthinkable. The idea of going to General Hux to discuss a personal problem would have been laughable—if it hadn’t also been incredibly dangerous. He remembers trying to talk to Captain Phasma once about the isolation he felt when he was a young boy. She shut him down. Quickly. Then she sent him for his first tortuous bout of reconditioning. He never spoke to her about anything if he could avoid it after that. Now, here was the head of the Resistance—public enemy number one to the First Order—asking him to confide in her. “No, we didn’t find anything,” he tells her at last. “There was nothing there.” “And you’re disappointed?” Something about her tone makes this sound like a question rather than a statement. “I thought I could figure out who I am if I knew who they were,” Finn replies. Now the general nods. “I used to think that, too,” she says. “My parents were good people. Brave and caring and strong. Then I found out that they were my adopted parents. That my birth mother was dead and that my father…well…I think you’re aware of who he was.” Finn gives her a grim nod. Everyone knows the story, even him. He wonders for the first time if there’s something even worse than not knowing who your birth parents were. “That must have been devastating,” he says. The general smiles. “It was difficult enough,” she says. “But I realized over time that the damage he did throughout the galaxy wasn’t my legacy. It was his. The Organas were my parents in every sense of the word. And with the knowledge of who my birth father was also came the knowledge that I had a brother.” She pauses, and Finn watches as some darker emotion passes over her face. He doesn’t know if she’s thinking of the still-missing Luke, or even of the unspeakable act her own son committed not long ago. When her eyes meet his again, the darkness is gone, though. “Besides, there’s always the family you create for yourself,” she continues. “The friends, the comrades, the people with whom you share your life.” Now it’s Finn who’s feeling the darkness shroud him. “I don’t have that, either,” he says. General Organa gives him a penetrating look. “Then what would you call Poe? And Rey? Even Jess and BB-8 and Chewbacca?” “They’re…they’re…” “Family,” she says. “They’re your new family. We all are. You’re one of us now, Finn, regardless of what journey you took to get here.” He looks down, humbled by her words—by the mere suggestion that this great soldier and hero could possibly consider him part of her own family. “And there’s a still deeper level of love and acceptance waiting for you, Finn,” the general continues. “One that I think you’re only just discovering for the first time.” She nods at the glass door and Finn turns to look. Through it, he sees Poe engaged with a group of the Resistance higher-ups in earnest conversation. His eyes dart back to General Organa in surprise. How could she possibly suspect? “I…I’m not sure what you mean.” She smiles again, a knowing, certain one this time. “I think you do,” she replies. “Which leads to an important question. If you know, what are you going to do about it?” Finn holds onto a chair at the general’s strategy table to support his own weight. “What can I do about it?” he asks. “You can tell him.” A mirthless laugh escapes from him. “Tell him? And mess everything up between us?” he says. “I can’t risk losing him like that.” “You will lose him if you don’t tell him,” she counters. “Hiding the truth will tear you apart.” Finn shakes his head. “How do you tell someone something like that?” The general shrugs. “It’ll come to you,” she says, offering no guidance at all. “You’ll find the right moment.” She pauses and gave him a sad smile. “Hopefully you won’t wait until the situation is very dire to do it. That was my own tactic back in the day, and I have to say, my timing wasn’t great.” Finn watches her in amazement. He knows she’s thinking of Han Solo, and that the memories can’t be anything but painful with his death still so recent. And yet here she is—this woman who’s lost her parents, her husband, her son, and her brother, but who still works hard fighting for what’s right every day of her life. He’s humbled again, but in a completely different way. She’s risked so much and lost so much, and yet it hasn’t destroyed her. Just being with her gives him courage. “So you think I should tell him?” he asks, his voice sounding stronger than it did mere moments ago. “What I think is that you already know the answer to that question,” she says. “You’re a brave man, Finn. You can be brave about this, too.” He takes a deep breath and squares his shoulders. Because she’s right: he can do this. He can be honest with Poe, whatever the outcome is. And it will be the bravest thing he’s ever done—risking what he has for what might never be. “Thank you, ma’am,” he says quietly, but General Organa gives him a dismissive gesture. “There’s nothing to thank me for,” she says. “Just remember that your family—or lack of it—doesn’t define who you are. You make your own destiny. You can fight for what’s right. You can love and be loved, Finn.” Part of him wishes he could throw his arms around her, but he somehow senses that she wouldn’t appreciate it. Instead he turns back toward the glass door and catches Poe’s eyes. The light he finds there makes him catch his breath. He knows he can do this. At least he hopes he can. Chapter 6 : Happily Ever After Summary: Finn finally breaks down and tells Poe how he feels, hoping it will lead to a happily ever after--and not a disaster. Unapologetic fluff ensues. Notes: “You’re really in love with me?” Poe asks in a quiet voice. “I really am, Poe,” Finn replies. “And I needed to you to know.” “Well, Jess knows now, too,” Poe says. “And General Organa,” Finn replies. “You told the general you’re in love with me?” Poe sounds incredulous. “She guessed.” It turns out there’s a big difference between knowing what you have to do and actually doing it. Finn finds himself, over and over again, looking for the perfect moment to tell Poe that he loves him, but it proves elusive. He’s beginning to think that there’s no such thing as a perfect moment on a Resistance base—or even a quiet one. But he has to do it. Now that he’s realized that he loves Poe, he has to tell him. Even the general is on his back about it in her own quiet way. In the mess hall at lunch, she raised her eyebrows at Finn questioningly and then shook her head in disappointment when Finn just shrugged in answer. And anyway, who cares when or how he says it? Poe will still think he’s crazy no matter what he does. He might not even want to live with Finn anymore. The thought is driving Finn so crazy that during dinner he asks Jess if he could bunk with her. Jess looks at him like he has three heads. “Why would you want to live with me?” she asked. “You know, in case Poe wants his room back or something,” Finn says, straining to sound nonchalant. Jess just stares at him. “But then I’d have to give up my single,” she says. “I like you and all, Stormtrooper, but maybe not that much.” Then she drops her fork onto her dish. “Wait, are you trying to tell me something here? Is there trouble in paradise?” Finn honestly doesn’t have the energy to ask what she’s talking about this time. He’s just so tired of feeling this way. “Never mind,” he says, getting up and taking his tray with him. “Poe won’t want me to leave over something as stupid as this.” He can feel Jess’s eyes on him as he walks out of the mess hall, but he just keeps moving. He has to get back to their room and tell Poe that he loves him, and he needs to do it now. No more waiting, no more fear. When he gets there though, Poe is talking with another pilot. Finn feels like he’s going to lose it if he has to wait another moment longer. But wait he does—until Poe and this pilot have finally stopping chatting and she leaves them alone. “You okay, buddy?” Poe asks, eyeing him suspiciously. “You look the same way you did the day we escaped from the First Order.” “How did I look then?” Finn asks, rubbing his palms together. “Panicked.” Finn nods. “That’s about how I’m feeling right now, too.” Poe takes his hand and pulls him down onto Finn’s cot. “Talk to me.” Finn clears his throat. It’s now or never. “The thing is,” he begins. He’s just getting out the words, “I’m in love with you,” when their door slams open. Jess is standing there, looking stunned. “Did I just hear that correctly?” she asks. “Go away, Jess,” Poe says, his eyes still on Finn. “I will, don’t worry,” she tells him. “But just let me say this, Poe. Break the Stormtrooper’s heart, and you’ll have me to deal with.” Finn is shocked that Jess is sticking up for him of all people. Poe looks directly at Jess. “How long have we known each other?” “Long enough for you to know that I’m not kidding,” she replies, before she turns to Finn. “And for the record, Finn, this is anything but stupid. You know where to find me if you need me,” she says, closing the door behind her. Leaving Finn alone with Poe. “So,” Poe says. “So.” The ache in Finn’s chest is strong enough to match the one in his leg. It might even be stronger. Every second that passes is like torture. Maybe he should just leave now—go to Jess’s room and try to make sense of what he’s just done. Poe’s hand moves in his, and Finn knows what’s about to happen—Poe will let go, and it will be the end of all of their ease together. The end of them holding hands and taking care of each other. The end of them living together. But Poe just shifts his hand so that their fingers intertwine. “You’re really in love with me?” Poe asks in a quiet voice. “I really am, Poe,” Finn replies. “And I needed to you to know.” “Well, Jess knows now, too,” Poe says. “And General Organa,” Finn replies. “You told the general you’re in love with me?” Poe sounds incredulous. “She guessed.” “She’s way too smart.” “Yeah.” They sit holding hands in silence for a few seconds, and finally Finn can’t take it anymore. “This is worse than reconditioning,” he says. “You mean because I haven’t said anything?” Poe asks, the corners of his mouth quirking up. “About the fact that you told me you love me?” “Just be honest with me, okay?” Finn says. “You don’t have to cushion the blow. I’m First Order, Poe. I can deal with the bad stuff.” Poe leans into Finn, pulling their entwined hands onto his lap. “You used to be First Order,” Poe reminds him. “It’s all I’ve ever known,” Finn replies. “But now you know me,” Poe says. “And I know you. I mean really know you. I’m not sure what I’d do without you.” Finn looks over and his eyes meet Poe’s. “What are you saying?” “I’m saying that it doesn’t matter who you were as a child or even as part of the First Order. Because you’re Finn now,” Poe says, running his thumb along the inside of Finn’s wrist. “I’m saying that I love you, too.” Finn can’t hide his surprise. “Even though I’m hurt and I’m a mess and I probably shouldn’t even be here?” Finn says. “Yeah. And even though I have a recklessly dangerous job and I’m probably too old for you,” Poe says. “We suit each other, Finn. And we love each other. That’s all that matters now.” Finn reaches up and touches Poe’s cheek, feeling the rough stubble on his fingertips. “That’s all that matters now,” he repeats, just before his lips meet Poe’s. They kiss, at last, Finn running his fingers through Poe’s unruly curls, until Poe pulls away from him. “Let me lock the door,” he says to Finn. “I like having people stop by, but tonight I want you all to myself.” “Just the two of us,” Finn says with a sly smile. “Like it’s a honeymoon.” Poe’s eyes flash and a mischievous grin steals across his face. “I hope that means there’s going to be lots of sex, buddy,” he replies. “Cause otherwise this is going to be one disappointing honeymoon.” Finn has never felt happier in his entire life. The lock clicks and he reaches out his hand to Poe, pulling him back onto the cot, eager for what’s to come. Because Poe’s right. Wherever they both fit into the galaxy before, they fit with each other now. Notes: Argh--first time posting a story! I really wanted to get at Finn's lack of roots here. He gotten taken from his family when he was so young and then has only known the First Order. Now, in his new life, he's not sure who he is anymore--or where he fits in. Also, I wish Jess Pava got more airtime in the movie.