Alexander Hamilton The news quickly arrived. The Resistance had defeated the First Order-not entirely, of course. It was too powerful for that. But they certainly had won a battle. A big one. With the Republic destroyed, only the Resistance was left to lead the people who wouldn't submit to the remains of the First Order. However, that wasn't an easy task. General Organa had called for a meeting in D'Qar, where the Resistance base was located. Resistance groups from all across the galaxy were there, expecting some interesting news. Even if they denied it, they all wanted to get their part in what they thought would be a yet New Republic. Some soldiers were enjoying that kind-of-a-break they were having; others were paying attention to possible enemies. However, one among them all wasn't doing any of those things. That was Alexander Hamilton. He had just turned into a soldier. Young, scrappy and hungry, some say they heard from him; a confident little man, who didn't want to just walk around while the future of the galaxy was being decided in the room next to him. Alexander was walking around, trying to figure out how to get in the meeting. After all, he was just a soldier, almost a child for most of his fellow troopers. So, he couldn't do it that way. He needed someone else. Not every Resistance group had arrived yet. Even if the Resistance had its base in D'Qar, little groups had been formed wherever they were needed, so news weren't as fast getting to them as they were getting to others. He was just outside when a new ship-seemed like the last one- landed. People started getting out of it. Mainly troopers, with rudimentary equipments. They probable buitl them themselves, which was very impressive to the young soldier. However, there were also a few pilots, and one featured prominently among the others. Alexander stared at him, and at the three men surrounding him. They were troopers, just like he was, but they looked experienced. They were joking while waiting for the pilot to come down, probably joking about how long he took, not necessarily in that precise moment. He was the last to get out, and when he did, the group of four started walking towards the base. “Hey, isn't that Aaron Burr?”, Alexander heard next to him. Another trooper who, apparently, was talking to him. Alexander shrugged. “No idea. Do you know who he is?”, he asked, now slightly interested in that pilot. The trooper laughed. “How comes you don't? Damn, he is a prodigy. He organised the Resistance in Naboo on his own. You know, they say that they were happy when the Emperor died, but things were still pretty rough around there. He truly made a huge work”. The trooper looked at Alexander, who didn't seem like he was listening, so he just left, grumbling about him. However, Alexander was indeed listening, and thinking about what he had heard. He smiled to himself. He had just found his way in.