you don't know why you're doing this. is this even sex? it feels more like a show of power, wild animals rutting together. the bedroom reeks of humidity and fluids, of people in close contact. sweat drips down your body as kylo rolls his hips, making you whine. everything is appropriately red, lit by the glow of the lights in the ceiling, cut with harsh shadows, black against crimson. you try to grab onto something to anchor you, nails scratching desperately against the headboard, but it is akin to grabbing grass to save yourself from a hurricane. you feel a sudden tug as kylo grabs your hair, wrenching your body so the damp, dewy skin of your back slides against his chest. he throws an arm around your stomach and you can feel the muscle ripple when he moves and you're sex-stupid from when he made you come to the point of exhaustion earlier so when he murmurs, "we'll fuck all night until things are right," his breath is hot on your ear and his voice is like smoke. he is fire and heat and everything burning, red and dark and dangerous. (he'd took a shower with you earlier, his anger bubbling like a boiling pot. that is a romantic action, as far as you know. taking a shower with your young lover, bodies touching and smelling of soap, letting the steam blind you as you laugh and scrape hair from each other's eyes and kiss. you had kissed and touched every inch of each other but you didn't emerge clean, not by far.) there are bruises on your hips from where you've been held in place and purple stains on your neck, blooming like petunias, from kylo's teeth and you're hardly worried about him getting a read on you because your mind is just white noise as he kisses your jaw, licking along your neck as his hand slips down your shivering body to play with your clit lazily. you can practically feel the tension radiating off him from earlier as he suddenly grunts and falls forwards, forcing you onto your hands and knees as he blankets you with his body, sliding in and out of you with superhuman speed. you can hear little wet squishing noises when he thrusts and the smack of his hips against yours is a dull faraway feeling. "you have such a good pussy. so cute and pink, always on tap for -- fuck -- me," you hear him groan. he sounds distant, like you're swimming underwater and your arms and legs are shaking from kylo practically tearing you apart on his expensive mattress as he kisses the juncture between your shoulders. "do you want me to fill you up? want to feel me inside you all the time?" and you try your hardest to choke out a reply ( yes ) but he's rubbing your clit raw and biting down on the skin he was kissing a moment ago and the tightening pain is enough to make you cum, gasping and shuddering as kylo moans, kneeling up to push into you as far as he can go. "again? you came again?" he sighs as your cheeks burn. "i didn't know you were that desperate." his dark hair is wet with sweat as he rakes a hand through it and his lips taste of salt and a hint of blood when he tilts your head back to kiss you. you can't feel anything between your legs anymore, your whining is staccato, and you're too overstimulated and fucked out to process something such as pleasure. the red lights throw shadows on your hands, exposing the fine blood vessels running under your skin and you grip the sheets in your hands, yelping as kylo growls suddenly and hits something that feels like the base of your stomach, bottoming out in you. kylo catches your clit and rubs it in between his knuckles and it's too much and you know he's gunning for his own pleasure now, his own release. you grip one of his wrists, your hands trembling as the edge of kylo's nail catches the little swollen nub, and that does it, it rips through you and suddenly you're coming and kylo's nails are digging into your hips as he falls onto you, his nose touching your spine as he releases a long low growl, and you hear the loud yelps and whines and moans spilling from your mouth as you bury your face in the sheets. your body is boneless and you gasp like you've been pulled from water as you come down, feeling kylo kiss your neck and it's a strange contrast of comfort for the night. you collapse onto the duvet and lie together with your legs tangled. you are both wet with spit and slick and sweat. you hear kylo whispering apologies, the sweetest words he knows, and you know tomorrow night he'll make it up to you. Chapter 2 Summary: this was originally going to be a one-shot but i decided to write another chapter because the feedback to the first one was so overwhelmingly kind and positive. i'm not hugely happy with how this came out but i hope you all enjoy it anyway -- thank you so much, you're so lovely! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) kylo did make it up to you, as you thought he would. the second you walk through the doors to his ( your? ) low-lit quarters, his mouth is on your neck and as you shrug off your jacket you can hear him muttering the word sorry over and over again. there's nothing to be sorry for, really; he just gets scared when he treats you too roughly. you're not going to break physically underneath him, you think as you press a kiss to his temple. his hair is dark and thick as you thread it between your fingers and you can hear the shower running as you murmur it's okay . kylo shivers against you, nipping gently at your neck as you turn against him to grab his hand and pull him to the bathroom. the shower is running, as you expected; the tiles are imprinted with steam and you can smell water and that standard-issue soap they carry onboard. you turn to kylo and you can see that his face is flushed from the heat (why does he wear so much black?) as you lean up to kiss him before sliding off his clothes. his skin is smooth and cool, coated in a thin sheen of sweat from the heat. it makes his hair curl as you squint at the birthmarks on his face, dropping your clothes in a heap and leading kylo into the shower by his hand. the steam is much more oppressive in here and you can feel yourself going giddy from it as kylo scoops his hair from his eyes and you laugh, your nails digging into the bar of soap at the side as you bring it up to wipe the water from his chest. the action seems to soothe him as you see his posture visibly slump to calmness, tension trickling away like melting ice. you work the soap into a coral lather as your free hand grabs the showerhead to wash it away, looking up at kylo through your soaked hair as you rinse away a workday's worth of sweat and dust, hooking the showerhead back up. "what's wrong?" you ask, folding yourself into his body. "what are you afraid of?" there is an awkward pause as you feel him shift and swallow, his arms clumsily wrapping around your bare back as you remind yourself he is not used to intimacy yet; nakedness is viewed as sexual. "- --did i hurt you -- last time?" he mumbles, and you furrow your brow. "no. 'course not." another pause as he moves closer to the hot water, before saying -- "i shouldn't care about hurting people, but i care about hurting you. why is that?" you open your mouth to speak but kylo suddenly says, "what's wrong with me?" you look up at him and blink. "nothing's wrong with you, kylo. it's normal to care about not hurting the people you love." you absentmindedly trails your fingers down his arm. "you're fine." you kiss him properly this time, and you hear him make some sort of mmnph noise against your mouth. his lips are chapped and there are nicks where he's bitten them as you bring up your hand to stroke along his jaw, eyes slipping closed gently. you feel kylo's mouth move a fraction as he grabs your hips, pushing you against the wall before squatting down abruptly. he whispers your name once, looking up at you as his tongue darts out to wet his lips, and then a second time as you shiver at the feeling of hot breath against you. he nudges the tip of his nose against your clit before slowly licking at you, his tongue sliding deep. you sigh and grab kylo's shoulders. there are none of the animalistic routines of last week; no ripping or biting or growling. this is a field of daisies compared to last week's volcano. kylo angles his head to slip his tongue inside of you and it occurs to you that he's almost trying to kiss you down there, as if these are the only movements he knows. he makes little noises as he slides his tongue in and out slowly, some of your cum running down his chin and mixing with the water as you feel your legs go limp. kylo runs his teeth over your clit as you grab his hair to steady yourself, moaning out " good boy ." he's always had a thing for validation. you feel a hand leave your hips and your eyes angle downwards, just catching sight of kylo's hand between his legs, and you laugh as you realize what he's doing. kylo tries to lick all your sweetness out -- you're so fucking open for him -- intent on giving you your release. you gasp as he licks around your clit, over and over, looking up at you through your lashes before dragging a finger along your entrance and you shriek as you come this time, your orgasm crashing over you violently. kylo quickly grabs your hips as you nearly fall over, carefully sliding you down to sitting and kneeling back up. his mouth is slick with your cum as he finishes into the water himself, flopping onto the hard porcelain floor. you crawl on top of him as hot water slides down your back, feeling blissful. light, some might say. Notes: you can now find me on tumblr at phamsa! also, as i've not really got anything else planned, i do take requests for the force awakens fic ;) i currently am writing some kylux oneshots but i'm open to taking requests for any pairing (except reylo) so if you have anything you want me to write for you, leave a comment or shoot me an ask on tumblr! thank you all so much for reading xxxx Notes: come talk to me on tumblr ! we can yell about star wars!