A mere day into their mission, Hux had learned that Kylo Ren had no tolerance for the pollen on the planet. Hux hadn’t even considered that to be an option, because everyone in the First Order had been purposefully exposed early on, in an attempt to avoid this very scenario. It was doubtlessly due to Kylo’s reserve about any situation that might lessen his control. He’d thought it was worth the risk to never undergo the exposure required to develop a tolerance, all to keep a semblance of self control. That made it all the more amusing to watch ‘The Knight of Ren’ grow loose and soft in his motions with each passing breath. Famed force user or not, he’d lost all his decency within six hour just as any lesser man would. It hadn’t been Hux who had sought Kylo out when he was in this weakened state; disdainful of the man or not, he was better than such animalistic displays. He’d thoughtfully left him to his own quarters when they’d returned with the assumption he would wait out the side effects with ample meditation (or masturbation, if his order allowed such things.) In the end it had been all Kylo Ren’s own doing to find his way into the man’s chambers and fall to his knees before him. His gloved hands had been trembling as they unworked the general’s belt, entirely silent past his heavy breathing. He’d unlocked the ridiculous contraption around his face then, and tugged it away to reveal anything but what Hux had thought lay beneath it. Kylo Ren was not the hideous deformed creature that so many imagined he must have been. If Hux had not known him, he might even have found him to be beautiful in a melancholy way. He was young and pretty with dark sad eyes and plump pouting lips, which may have been the very reason he hid behind rumors of a monstrous visage. Who could have feared this face? He looked just like any other whore when he was in this position. The only difference was that he sucked terrible cock. It was all teeth and what little wasn’t teeth scraping across sensitive skin was spit. He didn’t swallow nearly enough, most likely due to a mixture of inexperience with fellatio and a latent fear of tasting the general. It meant that saliva trickled down his chin in vulgar little lines and dampened the crotch of Hux’s uniform as if he was simply drooling onto his lap. Yet Hux didn’t stop him despite how truly unpleasant the effort was; he couldn’t imagine there would be another situation in which he would find the knight on his knees before him. He fully intended to savor this one while it lasted. Hux let a hand fall to stroke Kylo’s soft dark hair in mild encouragement; he imagined that fawning over him as their Supreme Leader was so fond of doing would light some sort of spark. It did. Kylo seemed to revel in the silent praise and he quickly pushed himself past his meager talents. He leaned forward to take more of the general into his mouth and overestimated his ability. The attempt left him gagging so hard that he was coughing when he pulled away, eyes watering with the affront. He wiped at his teary and spit covered face with a sleeve of his robe, panting to catch his breath. Yet when looked up towards the man, there was still a hint of desire past the anger in his gaze. Hux had complete control over the knight in this moment. Better even than that, he hadn’t even had to ask for it, he’d been sought out to be given this ‘gift.’ “That’s enough.” Hux had granted still because he had to be merciful for his own sake. He didn’t mean to discover how Kylo Ren would react to this once the side effects had worn off; how he’d blame Hux for allowing him to have what he’d wanted. He imagined he’d be lucky to come out of this with only a destroyed control panel or three. “No.” Kylo had replied, voice tight from his aching throat but still filled with authority. He was dazed with this sickness manifested as desire and so for now the burning in his throat didn’t matter. He resumed the task with renewed passion, sniffling, coughing and still relying far too much on his teeth. One hand gripped Hux to keep him steady and the fell to touch himself through his robes. He moved his hand with a furious pace, uncomfortable and almost punishing, as if masturbation was the most disgusting thing he’d ever done. In the end, he only had to gag twice more for Hux to finish, sped on by the man’s degradation if not his awful attempts at fellatio. Hux gripped his hair tightly to hold him steady as he came, wanting to ensure that Kylo Ren was completely used since he had been so insistent on offering himself in this way. He had already lost the ability to deny this and save himself, so he wouldn’t have the knight rushing off to spit it into the sink like a pathetic little girl. He’d have to taste the general on his tongue when they were finished, lingering as a reminder of what he’d done. Predictably, Kylo choked on the mouthful of cum. His throat was struggling to try to swallow so suddenly and from such an angle, and that caused a bit of semen to slip down from his mouth just as garishly as his spit had. He was held firmly in place despite that and he shuddered as he finally managed to swallow around the cock. His expression was a cringe of displeasure the whole time; he didn’t like to finish what he’d begun. “You disgust me.” Hux had informed him as he put himself away. And somehow that was all it had taken to finally bring the knight off in his palm with a low breathy moan. He acted as a common slut to the very end. His pale skin had flushed rather nicely and he looked down as he caught his breath, the last few minutes slowly beginning to catch up to his higher brain. The effects were wearing off quickly and he barely retrieved his mask before he retreated from the room in a rush of dampened robes and shame. It could have been the religious oaths Kylo had taken that made the idea of being so despised so appealing; the notion that he was hated had made him hot with passion. Possibly it encouraged the idiotic notion that he was some martyr who burned with unholy faith in the darkness. Or perhaps it was simply that he would always be a spoiled little prince deep down, and it made it so shocking for him to be denied or mocked, that he craved the sensation. Whatever it was, the psychology of his climax would be in Hux’s thoughts for the next few days, because every time Kylo Ren cleared his throat he couldn’t help but recall him on his knees.