P.relude – Gravity 「 Cold. In the midst of the night, all of what could be appreciated by a humble observant were bright red sparkles shining across the skies, over the fragile figure that slowly promised to become a memory. A forgettable one to its own accord. Worthless excuse of an existence. A lord that had been defeated by a nobody. His face was soon hit by the white breath that came out of his mouth, when a sarcastic laughter denoted the level of his unconscious defeat. Pain was soon noticed and expressed, making his figure twitch with unexpected anxiety, possibly reflecting how conflicted his body felt at the unfolding of tonight’s events. Emotions that were to be suppressed to be used in order to obtain a stronger version of himself. But the darkness was not being kind or welcoming enough given the current status of his rank; instead it was crushing him from deep inside with regret and hatred, emotions that did not mix well when attempted to be used on one’s behalf. Even if it was one last time. The leather that constricted his skin squeaked when he tried to reach for the stars that were still visible enough, despite the eruptions putting an end to the killer base. While these were his last breathing moments, the only thought running across his mind was the promise he’d made silently at some point of his training. One that carried along different consequences and involved many people, most of which were now gone because of the decisions made. Thinking of it, not only his dreams were being put to an end tonight, but selfishness comes first base, while other priorities are served cold to our reasoning. Hope. Solid castles in the sky that had built this base for the best of one union. Only that. His vision was now reaching the point in which he could barely see a thing, a loud thud coming from the ground as his hand fell down to the snowy soil. Visions of red and blue eventually turned black, although he could offer his best awkward smile to the fantasy his mind thought pertinent to be his last. ❝ A re you real? ❞ Nothing. Pure silence. And with that, he parted elsewhere to be safe from the pain his body would go through for an unknown amount of time. Somewhere he would not need to pursue for anything at all, but to chase for the happy memories that would keep him sane in the hardest of the moments. With a simple lip being pursed upwards. A stubborn chuckle disguised by a silky black hand. Bright green hues. The end. 」 Notes: Jesus, this is the first fanfic I ever publish somewhere. It's kind of odd given that I rp a lot, but meep. Tell me what you think! This is only the first part out of who the hells knows how many. I apologize if this is too ooc. Anyway, I do have to mention this series I call my "novel", will be constantly inspired by the music of the Japanese duo chouchou. The name of the song that inspired the chapters will be the titles of each of them. Thank you!