It happens every night once she closes her eyes. She's back in the room, harsh light illuminating all but the farthest corners. Sometimes he's there. Sometimes she's able to leave, to escape, to wake up, drenched in sweat. The nights he is there are always the worst. She often ends up replaying that scene. The times when she can break free, land a fist in his face are so satisfying that she wakes up, relaxed and keen for the day. Sure, Luke Skywalker knows about these dreams but all he can do is caution about the dark side. It's there in her, in her anger from being abandoned, her fear of being left again. She tries to meditate through it. Vainly. Successfully. Tremulously. If she doesn't get it right, will he give up in frustration? She doesn't ask. After a day of working on machines and meditation with Skywalker, Rey collapses into her smaller room. In deference to her Jedi training ( and to your future sacrifice to Snoke , her mind whispers), she is given her own small space rather than bunked in the barracks. Although Rey enjoys the welcoming atmosphere and her new friendships, she enjoys her little room. She still needs a small personal space to withdraw to, to practice in, to reach that peace Master Skywalker talks about. Tonight she pulls the blankets over her shoulders tight and falls into sleep space. Into the room again. But she's not alone. He is there. She begins to think she is in the memory, trapped and tied down. She strains at the binders. They pop open easily. She lunges at the masked figure of Kylo Ren. And flies right through him to collapse on the bench. She inhales sharply as a short, mocking laugh fills the room. That has not happened before. She whirls around. He stands again before her, his mask gone, a red welt bisecting his face. She often imagined what the scar would look like. This angry red gash is far more vivid and painful than she imagined. She gulped. "Ah, so you like that. Vengeance is the path to the dark side," he replies to her thought. "Or I thought Skywalker would've mentioned that by now. He was always terrible at making it seem unattractive." She straightens and steps toward him. "You don't normally talk," she says. She wishes for her staff and waits for it to appear. It doesn't. She frowns. "Respect the delicate ecology of your delusions," he chides softly. "Why are you here?", Rey demands. She is engulfed in panic and in anger. She pulls in calming breaths. "You keep ringing at night. I decided to answer." "More likely the first time you could, " she fires back. He pauses and she knows she's right. He lays a hand on the interrogation chair. "Why here? Why not the forest?" he asks. She regards him silently and takes a step into the light. He waits patiently. "I would have chosen the forest again." "You still won't beat me." "I was wounded and winded. And I thought I saw something in you," he sneered. "Yes, to be my teacher," she mocked. "Sorry to disappoint, but I would fail patricide 101." He smiles thinly at that and says nothing. She hopes to see some pain on his face, something that would prove General Leia right, to prove Master Skywalker right. She sees nothing, only that vivid red line. He has become only hard lines and blackness. "Yes, you are right. There is no more hope left for me," he murmurs. She raises her brows. "How come you can hear my mind and I can't yours?" she asks. "It's your mind. You pulled me in here. I can sense everything around you, everywhere. If it were the other way around, the opposite would be true. " He smiles bitterly. "I can still be your teacher, Rey. I can show you how to be safe. You would never be alone again." "I won't follow you." Softly, firmly, no room for argument. "I don't need more followers, I need a student." Quietly, desperately. He pauses. "Time to wake up, little girl. I think we are coming for you." Rey wakes up with start, to the sound of the klaxon. She throws back the blankets and dashes into the hallway. Finn runs up to her, blaster in hand. "Battle stations, Rey! The First Order found us!" Rey whirls around, grabs her light saber, her staff, her blaster. After a moment, she jams some rations into a pocket. Old habits die hard. She runs outside to see TIE fighters whooshing down, blasting at the defense shields. It would only last for so long. She freezes. His shuttle. She just knew it was his shuttle, landing, coming for her. Coming for retribution. Coming to finish the job. She realizes a TIE Fighter is bearing down on her and starts to run. It fires next to her and nothing happens. No pain, no explosions. Just the sounds of battle. She pauses, confused. Respect the delicate ecology of your delusions, little one . Rey wakes up with a start, to the sound of the air recycler. She exhales slowly. And heads to Master Skywalker to let him know about this new development, about this fear that he knows where she is at this very moment. Several star systems away, Kylo Ren emerges from his meditation. After a moment, the door opens and Captain Phasma enters. "Do you know where they are? Were you able to sense it? Is the traitor there?" He pauses, "No. But we are close." He lies, of course. He knows exactly where she is. But Phasma's desire to crush, to punish FN 2187 are second to his desire to claim his student. He closes his eyes. Soon.