Anything I'm fighting wars that grind the enamel off my teeth and I wake with my jaw clenched and my body bent thinking how many dishes have I broken this week in an attempt to not break myself? and it's things like that that got me going crazy 'cause I was thinking maybe the breaths we'd take together would make us live forever and now you’re killing me. 30 seconds. A blink of an eye in the course of life, but for the Resistance, it was a lifetime. 30 seconds before the Starkiller Base would wipe the Resistance from this very existence, Poe Dameron delivered a fatal blow to a weak spot created by Finn, Rey, Chewie, and Han. In a blaze of glory, Starkiller consumed itself in a rush of fire and heat. Dying like the sun it wished to unleash on the Resistance. 10 minutes. A hundred breaths, a dozen blinks of an eye ... to Poe? To him 10 minutes is an eternity! The moment his X-Wing dropped out of hyperspace and he heard the radio chatter from the Millennium Falcon ... Rey's tight voice screaming for a Medic, Chewie's agitated roaring in the background, he knew instantly; Finn. Something had happened to the Ex-Stormtrooper and he knew that he couldn't land and exit his X-wing in less than 10 minutes. No breath was deep enough, strong enough to clear away the dizzying fear tumbling through his brain as he silently begged his fighter to move faster. To some how muster an extra burst of energy to get him to the surface of D'Qar sooner. As if a few seconds could make the difference between hope and defeat. Finn has to be okay. They survived the First Order, stealing a TIE Fighter together, and Jakku .. came back together on D'Qar and shared a moment of silent understanding. They are trauma bonded. Not the best stepping stone to build a friendship on, but it's all they have. Well, their trauma bond and the memory that Poe had the honor of naming the Ex-Stormtrooper. A moment of adrenaline and camaraderie that Poe will -never- forget. 1.3 minutes. The amount of time it took Poe to escape from his X-Wing and run for the Millennium Falcon. And then ... well, .5 seconds to get a glimpse of his friend out cold, sweat high on his brow. The scent of cauterized leather nearly makes the Commander sick. He clutches at his stomach as he watches them carry Finn away. He turns in just enough time to catch a glimpse of General Organa hugging a distraught Rey close and his mind just won't let him get a grip on the situation. All he can think is that Finn is down and they are taking the man away from where he is currently standing. That. Won't. Do. He takes off at a run, dodging Snap and Testor as they try to congratulate him. After a glimpse of the frantic fear in his face, both pilots tear off after their Commander, worry and confusion warring between them. Surely he hadn't been hurt, yeah!? "Commander?" Testor calls out, her voice scratchy with worry and a touch of exhaustion as the last dregs of adrenaline fade from her system. "Commander!?" She calls out a little louder, dodging around a well wisher that Poe practically plows down in his determination to reach the medbay. "POE?!?" Snap's exuberant voice cuts through the throngs of chatter that surround them on all sides as they pass from the landing strip, into the base proper. The sudden transition causing Snap's voice to fairly echo all around them. But still, Poe doesn't slow down. His friends/squadmates exchange perplexed looks as they continue to bob and weave through the foot traffic. Both are a little surprised, if not worried, to see the way Poe seems to cut a path through them all, not paying much attention to who he shoves aside in his determination. Hell, both of them are sure that if General Organa stepped into his path, he'd probably plow through her, too. A cacophony of curses erupt from the two pilots as they chase after their wayward Commander, their bodies weaving a tapestry of bright, oiled orange among the dark greens and greys of the base personnel. Even from a distance, both pilots are well versed enough in the emotions of their Commander to know that something is not right. Not good. Poe Dameron is a breath away from unraveling at some imaginary seam, and both pilots know ... that there is no chance either of them are strong enough to sew him back together. "FI.....N..N!" The name emerges as a fissure from Poe's dry lips. Breath and voice fail him and darkness threatens to encroach on his peripheral. His own body seeming to wage a rebellion against his rash actions of following when he has no right to. Or, at least, he feels he has no right to. Technically, he doesn't know Finn from Adam ... not really. And yet .. is that true? He knows that he was a Stormtrooper .. that despite all the conditioning, brainwashing and re-educating the First Order tried, Finn managed to pull away from their influence and choose to be a better person ... that he, Poe Dameron, got to name him ... and that despite all the odds, the man survived a crash landing on Jakku and the destruction of the Starkiller Base. So, he has to survive this, too ... right!? If there is a Maker, God, or a Pantheon of Demi-Gods out there anywhere, then Finn is going to pull through whatever has happened to him! And if Poe has to go wrangle one of those supposed supreme beings to ensure it happens .. well, he won't hesitate! There is something about Finn. A presence that the young man exudes that has drawn Poe in and he cannot stand the thought that something bad has happened to him. "FINN!" He draws in a deep, unsteady breath and manages to project the name coherently this time, though just as distressed as it had been when it cracked from him moments ago. His shoes squeak faintly as he skids to a stop in front of the medbay entrance, paling when he sees the swarm of white and blue smocks denoting doctors and nurses. Then, he sees Finn. Laid out on his stomach, the leather flight jacket scorched a crackling, smoking black, the smell so overwhelming that Poe's hand actually slaps across his mouth to stave off the possibility of getting sick. After all, he doesn't have to be in the medical profession to know that a stream of vomit was going to pretty much wipe out any possible sterilization the room might still contain. "Excuse me, Commander Dameron, but you cannot come in here." The clipped, distressed tones of a female nurse catch him off guard and he nearly reaches out to physically move her from his path. She is an obstacle. Living, breathing, and giving him a look somewhere between panic, apologetic and severe, but an obstacle none the less. His first instinct is to deal with the obstacle and think later. Which is probably why it's a hell of a good thing that Testor and Snap reach him before he can do something he would most definitely regret. "Come on, Poe. He's in good hands, buddy. They've got this." Snap's usually loud, jovial voice is now soft, placating. He is about 2 seconds from out and out begging Poe to step away from the room before they have to do something stupid. Like sedate him. "Come on, Dameron. I'm sure they'll come get you the second that they have him stable. For now, though, we gotta meet up with Rey and the General and figure out what happened. Come on." Testor doesn't bother with a placating tone. Unlike her friend, her words are an out and out order, despite Poe outranking her. He gives a mute nod of his head as his gaze swivels back toward the table where Finn lays, unmoving. He sucks in a shuddering breath when they yank the jacket off his body, and he gets the first glimpse of charred, puckered skin. "GIVE ME THAT!" He demands in a shrill tone, his lips peeling back in a faint snarl of rage and demand. The obstacle reaches out behind her, snagging it from a passing nurse's hand and holding it out to the Commander. Poe snatches the jacket from her and hugs it tight against his chest as he turns and follows the other two Pilots away from his friend. Kylo Ren is a dead man. That thought is the -only- thing that sustains Poe through the meeting. He listens silently as Rey explains what happened. Kylo Ren killed Han Solo while Rey and Finn were powerless to help. They managed to complete their mission, but on their return to the Falcon, Kylo Ren appeared. Finn ... brave, beautiful, innocent Finn, dueled Kylo Ren, with a LIGHTSABER, to try and protect Rey. The damage Poe had seen on his friend, well, it makes sense now. The blackened, puckered skin, the stench. Oh gods, but Finn should be -dead-. That thought rouses a creature deep in him that claws and gnaws at the pit of his stomach. Awakening a feral hatred and anger in him. Kylo. Ren. Is. A. Dead. Man. Each word is punctuated with a roar of vengeance in his head. After the recounting of the events that lead them to this moment, came the revelation that they had the map. Intact and full. Luke Skywalker can be found again! While everyone rejoices over this thought, Poe finds himself in a corner of the room, away from the celebration. He presses his back against the cold wall and stares down at the jacket clenched in his white knuckled fists. The jacket that smells like Finn, but only just. No, it smells more like burned hair, scorched flesh ... death. He bites back an irrational sob as he thrusts his face against the warm, tainted leather and struggles not to cry. This makes no sense. He has known Finn a few hours all told and yet, his heart is beating erratically, his hands are shaking uncontrollably and he feels as if he could honestly curl up and sleep for a week. He's not used to being this out of sorts. "Poe ..." General Organa's soft voice snaps him out of his stupor. He yanks the jacket away from his face, trying his hardest not to admit that he's sniffing a piece of damaged leather over a man he barely knows. "General Organa, ma'am." The words are stiff and salty, but he is doing his best to hold it together. To approach whatever conversation is about to take place, with the proper amount of respect due the woman that has just lost the love of her life. "I assume Ms. Rey will be undergoing a mission to make contact with Master Skywalker?" He latches onto something familiar. A life preserver so that he doesn't breakdown and unravel right here and now. How horrible, cruel, and callous would it be to break into tears over a stranger when she is holding it together so beautifully on the tail end of finding out .... that the love of her life was just murdered by their son!? "Yes, Poe." Her brow furrows as she watches the pilot, a frown tugging at her lips. She knows what he's doing. He's deflecting. Dancing around the obvious problem that he's facing, and she is even touched that he seems to care about her feelings in the midst of all of this. It doesn't make her worry any less, of course. "Young Rey, Chewie, and R2D2 are going to take the Falcon and navigate the map. She will update us on any possible information she finds." She shifts from foot to foot for a moment, her hands clasped in front of her. "I am sure she will do very well, General. Finn speaks highly of her, as does BB-8." He forces the name Finn out carefully, making sure that none of his concern colors the word in any way as he watches her. The hands still buried in the scorched leather subtly rearrange themselves until they are clasping the article of clothing behind his back. "I have no doubt she is as skilled and capable as Finn says she is. I know Han and Chewie were both fond of her as well." She manages to keep Han's name neutral and calm, and more than anything, Poe wants to throw his arms around her, weep with her. But he knows that will come later. When she can shrug off the mantle of General and simply wear the mantle of woman, she will mourn the man. "Truth be told, Poe, I considered sending you with her. You are our best pilot, and I know that if the Falcon got in a jam, you would be useful to them." His hands tighten in the fabric of the jacket and for the first time since he joined the Resistance, he feels conflicted. Torn between duty and ... gods, he can't think of any word but -desire- and it will have to work for now. "But, Rey is a decent pilot and Chewie flies the Falcon like he was born to it. Besides, you are needed here." She reaches out to squeeze his shoulder and his hands nearly drop the jacket. Though he manages to hold onto it. "T-thank you, General." His voice is hoarse and cracked, and he forces a watery smile as she squeezes his shoulder again. "Rey said she would only be a moment speaking to Finn, Poe. Go on. Go see him. They say he's stable enough to have visitors." His watery smile grows a little, gains a dimension that places it somewhere between ephemeral and solid. He wrenches one of his hands free of the jacket and reaches up to squeeze her hand before he turns on his heel and practically flees the meeting room, running full tilt toward the medbay. The distraught pilot nearly trips over his own feet in his haste to reach a room that he knows will break his heart. Because there's no way he will walk in there and see Finn sitting up, looking out of place and gorgeous all at the same time. How a single man can wear so many conflicting emotions at once baffles Poe, but he accepts it none the less. How can he not? It is a part of Finn, an empirical fact that cannot be separated from the weave of the creature. After all, he had seen the existence of this odd trait from the moment FN-2187 ripped off his white helmet and exposed the human beneath. Gods, he will never forget the first time he saw the face of a Stormtrooper. Not even taking into consideration that beautiful mocha skin and the kind of dark eyes you could swim in, the -emotion- on the face had nearly knocked the breath from him. Such overwhelming fear, confusion and innocence! How the -hell- is a STORMTROOPER capable of being INNOCENT?!? They're killing machines incapable of thinking for themselves. Except for Finn. He's an abnormality. A great, beautiful mutation that goes against the norm of the First Order. And Poe loves that about him. "You have to wake up, Finn. Sooner, rather than later, I think. There are so many people that wish to thank you, for helping to save the Resistance." Rey's voice floats out through the open door, and Poe finds himself pushing his body as flat against the wall as he can. Hovering on the edge of a conversation that he has no part in. He should turn around, leave this area. Head to his quarters and clean up. Hell, just breathe, but he won't. He will stand here, flat against the wall, eavesdropping on the conversation because the moment she's done, he'll be able to enter. See, with his own two eyes, what shape his friend is actually in. "And if you won't woke up for them you must wake up for me, and for Poe. I hope to be able to look you in the eye when I must say goodbye, Finn. General Organa is going to allow me to follow the map we fought for, and find Master Skywalker. I am going to hand him the lightsaber we used to save each other. I want to tell him about you, Finn. About the brave Stormtrooper that held my hand in the Jakku desert, that fought Rathtar with Han Solo and Chewbacca ... that went head to head with Kylo Ren and managed to wield a lightsaber!" Her words are a roller-coaster of ups and downs. Happiness, sadness, awe, and fear. Each word a masterpiece of emotion, painted with care. All aimed at the hope that somehow, by some miracle, she might be able to rouse Finn with words alone. A hope they both share, even if Poe isn't willing to admit that to himself. "And Poe..." She sighs his name with gentle confusion. She knows so little about him, after all. Only that she had glanced up from the General's shoulder to see the pilot racing after Finn's prone form, his squadmates screaming after him. It must mean he cared about Finn, right? "I do not know him, or even how -you- know him, but it is obvious that you mean something to him. He chased you through the base while they were bringing you here. He also has your jacket. Why that old piece of leather means anything to him, I'm not sure. But he was clutching it at the end of the meeting." She sighs softly, and Poe finds his hands tightening in the leather he still clutches. He wants to rage at her that it is -their- jacket! That it was his and now it is Finn's, but still somehow a part of him. Though, he still wants to know why Finn kept it. Why the ex-Stormtrooper had ran to hug him wearing the thing. What made him keep it? What had it meant? And why did he let Finn keep it? So many questions, and only as he stands there calculating the number of them, does the truth strike. He may -never- have answers. If Finn doesn't wake up, he may never know. That truth hits him square in the heart, and he has never felt so unbelievably tired as he does now. "There's an entire Galaxy waiting for us, Finn. Beyond the First Order, beyond Jakku. There is a -future- for us out here, among the stars. Wake up, please. You're the only friend I've ever had." Poe's eyes widen a fraction, and he finds himself hit square in the heart with more feels. She's just like Finn. Another innocent caught in the middle of a bloody war far larger than they will ever be. He sucks in a deep, trembled breath, murmuring gentle promises to himself. He will not let this war destroy Finn. Or Rey. He will be there for either of them, if they need him. He will find some way to make sure that they are able to hold onto their Innocence for as long as possible. He sucks in one more breath, and then pushes himself off of the wall. He takes the few steps necessary to enter into the medbay, the antiseptic scent of cold cleanliness making his nose itch and his head throb. But he pushes on. "I know him .. because we saved each other's lives, Rey. And the jacket .." He glances down at the bundle of burned fabric and sighs as he carefully lays it on a chair by the door. Afraid to step too close to Finn's bed to survey the damage done his friend. "Well, it started as mine." He lets out a mirthless chuckle that is boarding on hysterical and his anger ratchets up a notch. Because he still has no fucking CLUE why he's reacting this way. Why he is straddling the line of hysterical and emotionally dead over some one he barely knows. Emotions are a conundrum he is never going to understand. "Poe?" Rey questions softly, glancing between Finn and the pilot that is hovering so close to the door. She glances at the jacket, and then back at the pilot. Confused, and yet, wanting to understand. For some reason, that simple fact endears her even more to Poe. "Poe Dameron, ma'am. Resistance fighter Pilot, and Finn's friend." He grins, small and flat, but still a grin. He shifts uncomfortably for a moment before he comes a little closer. Still not looking at his friend. "He and I met on the Finalizer, after Kylo Ren's men captured me on Jakku. After ... after Kylo Ren mindraped me to get the information of what we were after. They were supposed to be transporting me .. somewhere ... but Finn came up in his armor and grabbed me. He told me that it was the -right- thing to do, to save me ... but he needed a pilot to get off the ship. They were going to .. to .." He struggles with the word. So much has been going on, that he hasn't had the time to stop and really think about everything that has happened. About the damage that Kylo Ren has done to his mind, the fact that Finn had been a few minutes from being completely brain wiped, the fact that they escaped death so many times. It hits him between the eyes and his headache intensifies. "They were going to re-educate him. Brainwash him again, to make him more like the other Stormtroopers. Hell, he didn't even have a name when we met!" He reads the disbelief in her eyes, and he actually laughs. A real, soft laugh, his head bobbing in affirmation of his words. "Yeah, he was known as FN-2187, said that's the only name they ever gave him. So, I named him Finn." He can feel heat pouring into his cheeks, his head dropping a little in hopes that she won't see it. Which means that he misses the soft smile across her pretty features as she contemplates this bit of news. "Once we left the Finalizer, I told him that we had to go back to Jakku to try and save BB-8 --" "That's why he was so upset!" She squeaks the words, cutting the pilot off. Poe looks at her quizzically, and it's her turn to look a bit embarrassed as she blushes. "He made a comment about Jakku when I told him I had to go back. He asked why everyone wanted to go back to Jakku. Makes sense if we had both said something about it." Poe just nods, easily able to imagine the disbelieving, if not annoyed expression Finn must've had when she mentioned the planet. "Well, we ended up crash landing on Jakku and when I woke up, neither Finn or the ship were in view. I guess he found my jacket then and started wearing it." "Yeah, he told me he was a 'big deal' with the Resistance when I met him." She giggles at that, and Poe can't help but chuckle right along. A big deal, huh? Well, that's something he will have to remember for when Finn wakes up. "Yeah, well, he wasn't. Though he will be now, I'm sure. Anyway, shortly after you were taken, we met back up. It was ..." He clears his throat, fights down a wave of emotion as he tries to decide what he should say. -If- he should say anything. "I thought he was dead, Rey. I didn't even know him, but the thought that he was dead was painful. And then, to see him running toward me ..." He can feel another blush, but he doesn't even bother to try and hide it. "We hugged, expressed our happiness that the other was okay, and that's when I noticed the jacket. I told him he could keep it, cause it suited him. That's when he told me about you, and that we had to rescue you. Of course, I jumped to, told him I'd do whatever he needed." Rey finds herself a little confused. If he barely knew Finn, why was he so willing to snap to and help, especially to help him rescue someone Poe had never met?? "And now, this.." He takes a deep breath, holds it until his lungs ache and his vision dims just the slightest. Once he exhales, he forces himself to take a few steps toward the bed, trying to brace himself for what he's going to find there. Needless to say, there's no preparing for what he is going to face. Finn is settled on his stomach, motionless. His back is covered in a thick synthetic paste, and he hasn't the first clue what's going on. What state his friend is actually in. But just to see him there, completely prone ... as still as -death-. His hands clasp tightly behind his back and he struggles to keep a neutral air about himself. Failing miserably. Because he can feel the pain etched across his face, and he knows it's plain as day for anyone to see. Even if Rey is the only other one in the room. "What happened, Rey? I heard you mention .. Kylo Ren .. a lightsaber??" He chokes those words out, reaching up to scrub his hand down his face. Pleasantly surprised that the hand comes back dry, no tears or anything. Rey stands from her seat and moves closer to the bed. She lays a tentative hand on Finn's bare side, frowning in concentration as she recalls everything that happened. "Kylo Ren killed Han Solo, while me, Finn, and Chewie watched. He .. he ran him through with his saber sword and we all .. snapped. We tried to take him out, but we had so little time. We had to blow the place, so that you and the other fighters could take Starkiller out. Finn and I ran, tried to get back to the Falcon, but -he- was there." She shudders faintly at the memory of the man that had worn the strange, scarred mask. She bites at her bottom lip, trying not to lose herself in the memories. "I tried to fight him, but he took me down. And Finn .." She blinks back a sudden onslaught of tears and manages to keep her voice from wavering too badly. "He took up the lightsaber and -fought- Kylo Ren, Poe. He wielded a lightsaber to try and save me." The tears win out. They flow in hot, sluggish torrents down her cheeks and Poe just can't help himself. He crosses to her, throwing his arms around her to hug her tightly. And just as with Finn, despite that they don't know each other, they hug for all that they are worth. Strive to hold each other up and work through the pain. Once they pull apart, Rey offers him a shy but grateful smile as she tries to wipe her tears away and get back to the story. "Kylo hurt him .. so bad, Poe. He pierced his shoulder, cut down his spine .... it was horrible. When I got up, Finn was .. just out. Cold. I called the Saber to me and did my best to kill Kylo Ren for hurting Finn. But I didn't succeed. Chewie showed up, managed to carry Finn to the Falcon so that we could get back here." Poe can feel his anger and disgust warring inside him as he tries to imagine his beautiful, innocent Finn picking up a lightsaber to defend Rey. Fighting against the man that had managed to break down part of Poe's mind. And, for what feels like the millionth time, he finds himself mentally whispering the words; Kylo Ren is a dead man. "Gods, I just can't picture it, Rey. Or, well .. I -can- picture it and I never want to again. Finn shouldn't have to fight against a sadistic psycho like Kylo Ren. He deserves so much better than that!" He sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose as his headache crescendos in a deafening throb. "We're supposed to be fighting -for- people like Finn, Rey. So that innocent people caught in the crosshairs, like him, have a chance at a better life. And instead, he's laying here, burnt and injured, because he couldn't sit back and watch the First Order win." He forces himself to stand at the end of the bed, to really look down at the prone form of his friend. He traces the outline of the wound beneath the paste with his eyes, and then lifts his tear stained gaze to Rey, where she is staring intently at him through eyes kissed in tears as well. "And for people like you, Rey. It's not fair. You shouldn't have to run off and bring back some damn Jedi that gave up!" The uneasiness, the pain and fear and hope tumble out of the cracked vessel of his heart, immediately replaced by an overwhelming tempest of anger. "Luke Skywalker -left-. We wouldn't have needed a damn map, wouldn't be sending you off into Gods only know WHAT if he hadn't run away in the first place!!" His voice echoes and screeches about the room, reverberating back at him. Each word cutting like dagger points, ripping to pieces his resolve, tearing down his faith. He had believed in his mission to recover the map that would lead to the last known Jedi. Believed in the loss of life that all war brings, because sometimes, war is the only hope. And how fucking pathetic is that!? That the only hope for a peaceful Galaxy is through violence!? "Poe .." The cajoling softness of Rey's voice incenses him further. Riles the beast sleeping deep in him and he can feel another layer of control flaking free. Leaving him raw and exposed. Cornered. "Don't Poe me, Rey! The fact of the matter is, Luke Skywalker ran away and left us to face his biggest mistake and good people have died because of it!" He snarls the words, vicious and bitter, his hands clenching and unclenching in trembled fists as he looks down at the man on the table. A man that could be up, laughing and marveling at the existence all around him, instead of face down in a medical coma. Because of the Force. Because of bastards like Kylo Ren and Luke Skywalker. Jedi, Sith, the First Order .... if he could, he would physically pummel them all to death in his current rage. "This entire Galaxy would be better off if the Force just faded away!" He barely manages to pitch his voice an octave below a scream. And before he can say more, before he can continue his rant of hatred and anger, he feels the most peculiar thing. Rey's arms sliding around his waist from behind. The delicate press of her tear stained features as she presses the curve of her face between his shoulderblades. His anger is instantly doused, smothered by the innocent pain pouring off of her as she clings to him from behind. His hands fall to grasp her arms, digits quivering as the emotion bleeds away. He hesitates for but a moment before he turns in her embrace. His arms encase her torso, tugging her close as he lets out a heartrending whimper before burying his face against her shoulder. They almost seem to merge as one, become a single entity of tears and tremors as they let their emotions out in whispered sobs. Anchoring each other in their anguish, letting it pour out of them so that, hopefully, they can get past all of this. "I'm so sorry, Poe." Rey whispers the words hoarsely, finally pulling back. Though her hands remain twisted deep in the material of his orange jumper as she looks up at him. He blinks away the last of his tears, a tired smile appearing on his features. Strangely, he somehow feels better after crying it out a bit. "I know, Rey. I know." The words waver and wane as they escape him, his entire body sagging with exhaustion both physical and mental. He carefully peels his arms off her quaking form, forcing deep, steadying breaths as he pulls away from her completely. "I'm sorry too. I didn't mean to .. lose it ... like that." He frowns darkly, a mask of confusion snapping in place as he looks from the prone form back to the girl. "I don't understand my own reactions, Rey. None of this makes sense." The words tumble out before he can censure himself, and he cannot take them back. Though, from the slightly confused look on Rey's beautiful features, he has a feeling that he shouldn't bother trying to take them back, anyhow. "What doesn't make sense, Poe?" Rey's brows knit together in a confused furrow, and once again, Poe finds himself seized by an almost primal need to -protect- the woman. Not realizing that it's the exact same reaction Finn had to Rey, upon first meeting her. The same reason Finn grasped her hand and tried to run with her. "Finn is your friend and you care about him. Of course you're going to be angry and hurt over his being hurt." She points this out as if it's the simplest, most logical thing in the world. He is once again struck by the sheer, beautiful innocence of the woman, and he knows, just from their few moments together, that Finn is the same. It breaks his heart all over again, realizing that these two pure, wonderful creatures will probably break and bleed so badly for a Cause that neither belong to. "Rey .." He whispers her name forlornly, but can conjure nothing to go with it. No admonishment, agreement, nothing. Just her name, and then he's lost. She reaches up, patting his cheek gently before she pulls back and offers him up a tired, but real smile. "Go get cleaned up and try and sleep, Poe." He opens his mouth, every intention of arguing. Of insisting that he has to stay here, just in case, but he can feel himself swaying a little where he stands. And honestly, the last thing he wants to do is faceplant in front of a young woman he is growing to respect so very much. "Good night, Rey. Please, get some sleep as well." He offers her a ghost of a smile, before he turns and drags himself out of the medbay. Silently, he curses war. The inevitable changes, loss of life, and everything else horrible associated with war. He has a single moment to wonder if it will ever change, ever get better ... if he will -ever- manage to fix himself in the midst of all of this. But then it's time to wash up and sleep, and he is lucky enough to put all of this crap behind him long enough to rest. Chapter 2 : Yarrow Iris, Rose, Magnolia, Gardenia. When I heard of Katrina I thought, "The flowers, save the flowers." I never thought for a second we wouldn't save the people. The aroma of grass and sage fills his nose. It reminds him of the antiseptic scent that clung to the Finalizer. Hell, to every First Order area he had ever been sequestered since the Order stole him to become a Stormtrooper. They were big on simple 'cures' to keep their people in line. Herbs and things that could be easily duplicated and used to keep the troopers calm and laboring under the impression that they were being taken care of. The grassy, sage-like smell is one all too familiar to him. Yarrow. The bitter tasting leaves they used for almost everything. Feeling run down? Yarrow tea. Got a cut or scrape? Yarrow paste. It became a running joke, inasmuch as there could be jokes in such regimented quarters, that everyone learned to keep their mouths shut, else they were Yarrowed. The thought of a single substance becoming a verb with such negative connotations would be amusing, if it weren't true. "You're awake." The soft, tired tones draw him from his memory, his eyes fluttering open and immediately snapping closed again when a harsh beam of light assaults his gaze. The feeling of a heavy, warm weight in his hand causes him to creak his eyes open once more. Lashes barely filtering the light away from his weak eyes as he tries to understand what's in his hand. Of course, once he sees, the answer is so logical and obvious, or should be. There is a hand wrapped protectively around his own, and it fills him with a fluttery warmth. A feeling he's not used to. Yes, he had held Rey's hand on Jakku, but that was different in so many ways. Because it was fight or flight instinct dredged up from some primal part of himself that said protect the girl. Run. But this is different. So much so. It's comfort and safety, and an anchor that he cannot even begin to contemplate when he is feeling lightheaded and untethered. "Finn? Can you hear me, buddy?" Finn. Buddy. Those two words are a miracle. They reach through the fog of his exhausted mind and instantly snap the world into focus. The first thing he sees? Poe. Tired, disheveled, but smiling brilliantly. Of course, that would be the hand he's holding. Poe's. "Poe .." His voice creaks, wheezes, and he feels the hand in his squeezing. Trying to reassure. It works. Because Poe is there. That's what matters. "What .. happened?" He forces the words out through cracked, dry lips. The tip of his tongue sweeping from corner to corner of his mouth, trying to alleviate the problem. But one cannot moisten lips with an arid tongue. He groans, the sound pulled from deep inside of him, and again feels the pressure on his hand. "Just try to be still, buddy. It's okay." The sudden caress of Poe's thumb across Finn's held hand calms him instantly. If he didn't know any better, he'd wonder if there was some kind of Jedi mind trick behind the action, not realizing that it's the general sense of contact that calms him more than anything. "Poe .." He forces himself to enunciate the name, aiming that curious, pained gaze at the pilot. Silently pleading for understanding, and damn if it don't work. Poe seems to crumble momentarily, his features softening almost impossibly. He places his other hand around their clasped ones, and Finn shivers at the contact. "Alright, buddy. Just, relax." The hands are suddenly gone, and Finn finds himself feeling lost and a little bit afraid at their absence. "I'm just stepping over here." Poe indicates a table a few feet away, and Finn barely manages to nod his understanding. He doesn't know why he feels panicked at the thought of Poe leaving, but he does. Because when Poe held his hand, it felt .. it felt as if he is being anchored here, to this world, this existence. That if Poe lets go, Finn will cease to exist. Float away into nothingness. That is not a feeling he relishes. -NOT- something he wants to happen. Maybe, when he was still enthralled to the First Order, the prospect of cessation would've been an appealing one, but not now. Not after Rey, Poe, Chewie, Han Solo .. not after realizing that there is truly something to fight for, a real Resistance that could bring real change to a floundering galaxy. "What do you remember, Finn?" Poe questions wearily as he pours a cup of cold water and returns to the bedside. He cradles the back of Finn's head to help him drink the refreshing water without having to try and sit up. He splutters and coughs a few times, but manages enough to soothe his throat. Once he is done, Poe holds the cup in one hand, the other caressing the back of Finn's head gently as he looks down at his friend. "I.. Rey? A .. a fight .." Finn struggles to try and remember, Poe's tired smile quieting him. When his friend turns, pulls away to put the glass down on the table it came from, Finn tries to push himself to a sitting position. "No! Don't move!" Poe cautions, rushing back to his friend's side. A hand on his chest causes Finn to carefully lay back down completely again. When the hand doesn't move, he calms even further. Almost wants to sigh or purr in happiness or something. "You have to stay laying down for now, Finn. Okay?" Poe murmurs as he settles on the side of the bed, pressed a little into Finn's side. Not that the ex-Stormtrooper minds or anything. "Why .. do I smell .. yarrow?" Finn struggles to get the words out, struggles to turn his head and look up at Poe. His stomach dips and somersaults when Poe smiles down at him. "Yarrow? I don't smell any yarrow, Finn. Might be the meds or something?" He shrugs his shoulders, and Finn frowns. He's sure that he can smell it. But then, maybe it's from the memory? Growing up around it? He heaves a sigh, and turns his head just enough that his forehead brushes against Poe's hip. The action causes the other man's smile to brighten a little. Finn's stomach does another one of those strange, dippy things. "Rey??" The name is high pitched, Finn's stomach clenching painfully as he waits for some news of the woman he had risked so much for. Poe's eyes flash with uncertainty before the smile returns. His free hand moves to rest gently atop Finn's forehead. "Don't worry about Rey right now, Finn. You just need to concentrate on getting better, okay, buddy?" The genuine affection in Poe's voice, in the tone of his words, sweeps away Finn's concerns for now. "Get some more rest. I'll be here when you wake up." Finn manages a weak, but surprisingly content smile for his friend as he feels himself falling into the darkness again. The days pass in a slow paced blur. A procession of medical staff, well wishers, groupies and strangers. All wanting to thank him, spend time in his presence. All wanting to offer whispered words of encouragement for a man they know nothing about. It sort of sends his mind a bit around the bend. To have gone from obscurity to prominence in such a short time. It's almost too much for his poor mind, and heart, to take. "Still brooding, I see." The cheery voice of the best Pilot in the Resistance cuts through Finn's thoughts, drawing him back to the moment with a fair grin on his handsome features. "Bite me, Poe." Finn grumbles, the Pilot snorting in amusement. "Just tell me where, buddy." Poe purrs the words with a waggle of his brows, and nearly croons with happy laughter when he sees the bit of a blush across Finn's cheeks. He loves the fact that he makes Finn blush deep enough that it's actually visible. "Honestly, I swear I'm gonna find out who's been teaching you stuff like that, and kick their bony asses from one side of the base to the other, man." Finn snickers deeply, nearly guffawing, at the mental image Poe's words conjure. Earning him an exasperated sigh and eye roll from his friend. "What, exactly, is so amusing about that, Finn?" Poe pouts as he crosses the medbay room floor and plops onto the bed beside the Ex-Stormtrooper. "Oh, come on!" Finn grumbles playfully as Poe stretches out next to him, until their shoulders, hips, and knees are pressed against each other. "That is, like, the funniest visual ever, Poe!" Finn snickers warmly, his eyes fluttering closed as he visualizes it again. "I can see you running after someone, smacking their backsides with the side of one of your boots, waving your arms up and down like a mad man." This description earns Finn a hip shove from his friend, and this time, Poe gives a put upon sigh. Loud, overly dramatic, and perfectly Poe. "Such a wonderfully flattering image of me, buddy." The pilot turns his head enough that he can level a devastatingly cute pout at his friend. The change in position bringing their faces close enough that they can feel each other breathing. "Come on, Poe, even that visual is flattering. Have you looked at yourself lately?" It's Finn's turn to roll his eyes, turning his head so that he's staring up at the ceiling. Causing him to miss the bright, cherry red flush that seeps across Poe's features before he turns his face toward the ceiling as well. "Yeah, yeah, I'm the ultimate symbol of sexy in the Resistance." The words are, of course, sarcastic. Finn rolls his eyes a second time, his jaws clenching momentarily as he fights down a wave of something bitter and frustrated that he doesn't understand. He has never been good at deciphering his own emotions or anything. The First Order hadn't been big on emotional development, after all. "So it would seem." Finn mutters, lips twisting into a frown. "Half the people who come to see me, end up going on and on about how lucky I am to have you for a friend. You're so cute, sexy, suave, funny, talented .... the list seems endless." He grumbles the words, his head snapping to the side. Not toward Poe this time, but away. He can't explain it, the feeling that overcomes him as he speaks about his friend. It's a painful churning in his gut, bile and emotion twisting and bubbling there. Hollowing him out. "Men and women want you, and for some reason, they think -I- should want to hear all about it." He snaps that last bit, biting the words out from a mouth that tastes sour. Coated with something unidentifiable. "What?" Poe snorts softly, lifting his head just enough from the pillow they share, so that he can try and get a glimpse of Finn's turned face. When he realizes that his friend is deliberately not looking at him, the playfulness drains from the pilot. He lets his head fall back to the pillow, aims his frown, a weapon of displeasure, at the ceiling. "Wait, what?" He grimaces upon repeating himself, even if he added diversity from his previous question by adding the wait. He exhales heavily, a few wisps of his bangs fluttering on the man made breeze, tickling against his forehead. He idly wonders if he should get his hair cut soon, but obviously, there are more important things to think about right now. "It .. doesn't matter, Poe." Finn tries to inject a certain sense of apathy into his words. Because he knows that he shouldn't be upset by what people say about his friend. After all, Poe Dameron is -all- of those things he had said earlier. Sexy, suave, talented ... the list really does seem endless, even to the Ex-Stormtrooper. And is that right? Like, is it normal, to view one of your friends that way? "Come on, Finn. It doesn't really mean anything, buddy. People just .. they just talk out of their asses, man." Finn's eyes widen a fraction and he quickly turns his head so that he's staring at his friend. Who is wearing the biggest, dumbest smirk possible. Hell, the pilot is practically patting himself heartily on the back, despite not moving, for finally having Finn's direct attention on him once more. "For Forces Sake, Poe!" The words are a nasally whine, Finn's hands flying up to press his palms tightly against his eyes as he tries desperately to banish the visual Poe's latest smart assed remark has created. Poe bursts into gale force laughter, arms desperately clutching at his sides as he watches Finn writhe beside him. Love his friend as much as he does, Poe just can't pass up the chance to fuck with him. It's just so much fun to do most times! "Problem .. there .... Finn?!" Poe barely manages to eke out the words, Finn's features going as red as they are capable of doing. The ex-Stormtrooper reaches out on a whim, shoves Poe hard enough to send the older man rolling right out of the bed and onto the floor. The action causes them both to gasp. Poe in surprise as he plops unceremoniously onto his backside on the floor. Finn in agony as his back clenches and twinges, sending him into a spasm of pain that ends with him face down in the bed. Huffing deep, unsteady breaths. "Finn, man I was just -- Finn!?" Poe's up in a second, torn momentarily between looking after his friend, and running to the door to call for help. "Hey! Need someone, now!" Poe lifts his voice until it echoes around the entire room, having decided that practically screaming for help and remaining at Finn's side is the better call. "Come on, buddy .. it's going to be okay." Poe murmurs, dropping to the bedside when he sees the muscles in Finn's neck standing out as his body clenches. "P..o.....e" The name is an agonized whimper as Finn struggles against the pain wracking his body. "My...ba..ck.." He struggles to form words, to force them past the hard clenching of his jaw. His hands tremble against the bedsheets, fingers twisting and clawing at the material as he fight to find a way to lay on his stomach and alleviate some of the pain. "Fuck. It'll be okay, Finn. Just.. relax..." Poe's brows knit together, and he reaches out to place one of his hands on Finn's clenched one. Frowning darkly as he alternates between shooting impatient looks at the door, and worried looks at his prone friend. "Try not to...to...clench, or whatever." He lamely offers the advice, internally cursing at himself for sounding so useless, feeling so damn helpless. "Tr..y..ing...no...t....to..." Finn grunts, words forcefully exhaled with quick, quivering breaths. It hurts. So badly. Can't breathe. Can't move. His vision begins to swim with darkness at the edges. It rushes inward, faster and faster, until Finn nearly wants to scream with the fear that he has somehow gone blind, because he can see nothing. Almost as if his eyes have closed on their own, won't open. "Calm down! You have to calm down!" The distant, muffled sound of a nurse's voice draws Finn from the overwhelming fear blanketing him. "It's perfectly natural, sir. But if you don't calm down and stop screaming, we're going to make you leave!" Finn tries to swivel his gaze, tries to look over to where the voice is coming from. How the hell is a nurse going to throw -him- out of his own damn bed?? Not to mention, he knows that he's not screaming. For a split second, he thinks he hears Poe's frantic voice, but in the next instant, all sound seems to fade completely. All he can hear is the jackhammering of his own heart, the strained cadence of his desperate breaths. "Finn .. did you fall asleep on me?" Poe's amused words have an almost magical affect on the Ex-Stormtrooper. The moment he hears Poe's voice, his eyes snap back into the focus. The darkness recedes like a curtain and he can see once more. He can also move. Slowly, he blinks, clears the last bit of obscurity from his gaze, and allows it to sweep around the room. He's curled up on the bed, on his back, Poe still stretched out next to him so that they are connected at shoulder, hip, and knees. Finn stifles a sudden yawn, his nostrils flaring as the scent of Yarrow and something exotic, warm and inviting, floods his senses. It takes him a moment to identify the faint floral undertones .. gardenia. The sultry, subtle aroma of summer. He only vaguely remembers the beautiful, velvety blooms. Some partially repressed memory from his childhood before he was 'liberated' by the First Order. He remembers a vase, the color of a starburst nebula, with the faded golden gardenia flowers in it. A woman with a face he cannot remember, would wait until the blooms turned from pale white to gold, the scent just beginning to finally fade, before she would reluctantly throw them out. "Asleep?" He questions groggily, trying to remember what he had been dreaming. Pain .. screaming ... stop or we're going to make you leave ... the words quickly slip from his waking mind, and he turns a sleepy pout toward Poe. Who's features are split in a beaming, happy smile. "Yeah, asleep, goof. You were telling me how wonderful I am, and then fell asleep on me. If you're tired, buddy, I can leave. As much as I -love- the subject of how great and talented I am, you need your sleep." Poe reaches down to take Finn's hand, squeezing it lightly before he starts to let go. Preparing to sit up and vacate the room. Stop or we're going to make you leave .... Finn whimpers. Loud, desperate. His hand tightens in Poe's, and he turns his wide, scared eyes onto the Pilot. "P-please, no. Stay with me, Poe. Just a little while longer?" He hates the begging quality of his voice, hates the sudden burn of tears in his eyes. Hates that he -needs- so much, especially when he has no idea what exactly it is he actually needs. Poe's eyes widen, and he does nothing to disguise the surprise on his handsome features. After a moment, the pilot takes the Ex-Stormtrooper's hand again, wraps his own protectively around it, draws it to his lips to press a feather soft kiss there, and nods. "Sure thing, Finn. I'll be right here, buddy. Get some sleep." Poe carefully shifts on the bed a bit, so that Finn has enough room to be comfortable while maintaining the faint press of their sides together. It's Finn's turn to beam at the other man before he lets his eyes slip closed, lets himself sink deep into sleep. "I -am- capable of walking on my own." Finn whines pathetically, glaring daggers at Poe. The pilot is currently taking slow baby steps, with one arm wrapped around Finn's waist. Trying to force the Ex-Stormtrooper to travel at a slow, steady pace when all Finn really wants to do is run around the entire Resistance base at top speeds now that he's been cleared for free movement. "I have a Doctor's approval and everything, Poe!" He insists, though he hasn't made to pull away or remove the arm from his waist. In fact, he's pressed into Poe ever so slightly. With a dozen excuses and reasons for doing so flitting through his mind. "I know, Finn, but the Doctor also said that you had to be careful. Sudden movement can undo a month worth of recovery, and that just isn't going to happen!" Poe insists, his eyes narrow slits as he tries to concentrate on the floor in front of them. With his gaze lowered, he misses the half amused, half annoyed smile that softens Finn's features for a moment before he allows a scowl to take over. "Riiiiigghhhtttt ... and Maker only knows when an innocent seeming spot in the floor might jump up and assassinate me." He tries to remain deadpan when he says those words, but when Poe's eyes dart around in search of such a lurking spot, Finn looks utterly dumbfounded. Because those are not words that Poe should be taking -seriously-! And in the very next moment, the Pilot himself seems to realize it. Because his cheeks blaze with a blush and his gaze drops even further to the ground. Hoping against hope that Finn won't see it. Of course, he's not that lucky. When the hell has he -ever- been that lucky?! "S-sorry, man." Poe stumbles through the apology, his cheeks puffing out with a huffed breath as he struggles to keep walking, despite Finn being the one recovering. "Poe .. come on, -buddy-." The Ex-Stormtrooper deliberately uses the word that Poe seems to bandy about so much, causing the Pilot to stop walking instantly and look up at him. Finn flashes that sweet, boyish smile and if he were just a little more observant and used to such situations, he'd be able to see Poe practically melting at the smile. "I was just teasing, man. Thanks, Poe, for all the help." The Pilot gives a jerky nod of his head before they start off, down the hallway once more. "Glad to help, Finn. Not as if you have many friends here yet or anything. Though, give it time. Now that you really -are- a 'Big Deal,' everyone is gonna be clamoring for your time. Poor little me, I'll be left in the dust." The words are delivered with playfulness, but Finn thinks he detects some undercurrent of fear or something. He dismisses the notion immediately, of course, because no way was the man with the most swagger in the Resistance afraid of anything, let alone the thought of losing Finn's friendship. That's not even considering the fact that that would NEVER happen. "Yeah, right." He snorts derisively, his eyes shutting for a second as he tries to push through the all too familiar wave of hatred that burns through him like a nova. "I'm sure -everyone- is gonna line up to be the best of friends with an Ex-Stormtrooper that was little more than a glorified janitor before being handed a gun and told to go murder their loved ones on Jakku." The words leave his trembling lips like rapid fire bullets from a machine gun, a verbal arsenal of self loathing as he struggles to pull free of Poe's arms. Only to find the appendage tightening around him as he's once more dragged to a stop. Tugged and pulled, manhandled affectionately until he's facing Poe once more. "Hey, none of that bullshit now, Finn." The stern quality in an otherwise kind voice snaps the Ex-Stormtrooper to attention faster than one of Captain Phasma's condescending lectures ever could. It's as if that tone reaches inside of him and latches onto something. Hope. Though he refuses to think the word, let alone believe in it just yet. "Yeah, man, you're an Ex-Stormtrooper. Keyword there, buddy, is EX! No one cares that you were a janitor, and guess what? On Jakku, you didn't fire a single fucking shot at anyone's loved one. You turned against those controlling sons-of-bitches and you CHOSE to leave the First Order and become a good guy." Poe squeezes his friend tenderly, a grin appearing out of the stern expression. "And then, you risked your life to save a woman you barely knew, and helped us take out the Starkiller Base. So yeah, I believe people are gonna be lining up to know you. I might even step aside and let a few of them close." He tosses an exaggerated, teasing wink at Finn, causing the man to chuckle despite himself. This time, it's his turn to carefully squeeze Poe, trying to convey all the happiness and gratitude he feels toward his friend. "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, man. You win ...... this time." He smirks cutely, aiming his big, wide, puppy dog eyes at the pilot, causing Poe to swallow heavily before he immediately turns and begins to guide Finn along again. "I usually do, buddy." Yarrow. It hangs like a heavy blanket all around him. And why wouldn't it?? He is standing in a greenhouse full of the stuff. The rounded bouquets of tightly packed white blossoms making his nose itch and his gag reflex quiver. Threatening to cause him to toss up the little bit of food he had been able to force himself to eat. Every time he tries to do so, it seems as if his stomach rebels and threatens to make him sick up. Of course, Poe and the Doctor said it was perfectly natural, after so long on a liquid diet and everything, while he was in his coma. Doesn't make him feel any better, of course. No, in fact, it irks him no end. He's supposed to be recovering, damn it! So then, why does he feel as if he's languishing rather than improving!? Every day he feels as if he's growing weaker. Failing, somehow. But Poe insists it isn't true. He's hale and hearty, or at least, well on his way to being such. Is it just the Pilot's way of trying to make him feel better? Or is he really getting better?? He just doesn't know anymore. "Never thought to see you here, man." Poe's voice intrudes on Finn's thoughts, pulling him back to the moment. He jerks, wincing as the movement causes his back to twinge a bit. "Finn!" The pilot rushes forward, eyes heavy with concern as he reaches out to place a hand on his friend's shoulder. Trying to steady him. The truth of Poe sort of hits Finn right between the eyes. Every time he feels as if he's faltering, as if he's going to fall, Poe is there. Holding him up. That revelation fills him with a sense of warmth that is almost overwhelming. " 'm fine, Poe. Thanks." Finn's usually soft, sweet smile is replaced by a tight one, and Poe tries not to frown at the action. Barely managing to keep it at bay as he nods and lets go of his friend immediately. "As for being here ... Doc wanted some more yarrow and asked if I'd get it. They've all been so nice to me, I couldn't really say no." He turns back to the flowers he had been staring at earlier. His nose wrinkles in distaste, but he grabs the small sheers and begins to clip the stalks. He's not the least bit surprised when Poe walks up next to him and begins to help. "Technically, it's their job to help you, buddy. That doesn't mean you have to do every little favor for them, Finn. You -can- say no, buddy." Poe tries to draw out one of Finn's grins by smiling sweetly at him, but nearly recoils when all he gets is another tight smile. "Yeah, well, I don't mind helping now and then. At least, until I can figure out a job to do here." He shrugs his shoulders, sliding the Yarrow into the basket Doc had given him to collect it in. He turns suddenly, sneezing loudly as the scent becomes too much for a moment. The feel of Poe's hand on his back is warm, comforting, and uncomfortable all at once. He shrugs it off and goes back to cutting the yarrow. "I don't think any one really expects you to go to work just yet, Finn. You're still recovering and everything. After a while, once every thing settles back down, then you can figure out what you want to do. You have time, man." He offers a bit of a pressed smile, sliding the next bundle into Finn's basket before he takes a step back. Puts distance between them, which feels .. strange. "Where's Rey, Poe?" Finn blurts the question out, frowning so deeply. He's not sure why he asks it, since he hadn't intended to. But it's out there, and he can't really change the subject or anything. Or had that been his intention? Change the subject onto something that wouldn't leave any room for him to think about how Poe's hand had felt on his back. "Huh?" The word is a dumbfounded grunt as he tries to understand the sudden change. He blinks a few times and shakes his head to clear it. A faint smile appears after a moment. "We already talked about this, Finn. Why are you bringing it up again?" He yawns suddenly as he asks, turning away from his friend. Looking around the greenhouse for a moment. Maybe he could swipe a few flowers for his room. It's not as if they would miss one or two blooms of something. "What? No, we haven't, Poe. Every time I ask, you change the damn subject!" Poe frowns, staring down at a large planter of white flowers. They're pristine white, with five pointed star petals, with four petals on top of those, and a sweet, succulent scent that makes his head ache in the greatest of ways. On D'Qar, they are called Whittles. On Earth, they'd be called Magnolia. Though unlike the Magnolia, they grown on a step rather than a tree. He plucks two of the heavy, fat flowers and lays them in the palm of his hands. Staring down at them for a long moment. "Yes, Finn. We have talked about this!" He snaps, waging a war with the sudden anger that floods through him. Fights himself to keep from crushing the poor flowers in his trembling hands. Flowers that remind him so deeply of the man standing behind him. Pristine, perfect. Delicate in some ways, and yet, able to stand up to so much, too. He feels his fingers beginning to flex and he forces them to still. "Poe --" "No! I don't give a damn what you want to say, Finn. I don't want to hear another word about Rey. It's not my fault you can't accept it!" Poe very nearly screams those words. Hurtling them at his best friend like slings and arrows as he turns on his heels and rushes from the greenhouse. Still clinging to the whittles as he heads for his room. Finn growls. An angry, feral sound. He turns, grabbing the basket of yarrow and throwing it as far as he can. Feels a measure of cathartic release when it smashes into the Whittles that Poe had been standing at, tearing a few of the flowers from the planter. He winces vaguely as they crumble to the ground. "Hope you like them, Finn." The words are a muffled, distant sound, and Finn jumps. Turns swiftly to look at the door Poe had run out of. Expecting to see his friend standing there. But nothing. Silence. Emptiness. He's the only one in the greenhouse. "... I think I'm losing it, Rey." He whispers the words to a friend he hasn't seen in months. The one that seems to be missing completely from his life. No matter how many times he has managed to bring Rey up, Poe never answers as to where she is. He insists they talked about it, and turns away. This is the first time they have out and out fought about it, and it leaves the Ex-Stormtrooper feeling empty and so very ... alone. He forces himself to carefully kneel, picking up the fallen yarrow and Whittles. He knows that he should go down to the cafeteria and get something to eat. But he's avoiding the place. Big time. Since he and Poe fought in the greenhouse, Finn has mostly been keeping to himself. If he's not moping about his room, he's out in some decrepit part of the base that no one else seems to know exists. Or, well, the complete lack of anyone every being in that area when he is, makes it seem that way. So, rather than go to the cafeteria, he is currently in one of those out of the way places. This one is a concrete room with a cracked floor, cracked walls, and large windows without glass or bars or anything. They make him think of large, grey monsters with gaping maws, and somehow, that actually makes him feel better. He has begun to entertain the thought that he is pretty damn warped. At the moment, he's leaning against one of the ruined windows, a cool breeze kissing his face. Calming him immeasurably. There something about wind that makes him think of a childhood he can only remember in half veiled snapshots. As if, somehow, wind represents freedom, innocence. All those things he lost while under the thumb of the First Order. So, it doesn't surprise him that much that he seeks out the wind of D'Qar to anchor or center himself. When his stomach gives a particularly vicious rumble, he places a hand against it, his other gripping the window as he steadies himself. "You know .. to -most- people, that sound means you should go eat something, Finn." The almost sarcastic bite in Poe's voice nearly undoes Finn on the spot. His fingers hook into quivering claws, pressing so tight against his stomach he'd probably have crescent shaped cuts there, if his clothes weren't providing the perfect shield against it. The hand gripping the window tightens as well, and for one almost unfathomable moment, he wonders if he's going to throw himself out the window to escape whatever is waiting behind him. How the hell could a single fight make him physically afraid to face his one of his only friends in this Maker-forsaken galaxy!? "Tired of getting sick every time I try to eat, Poe." He mumbles the excuse, regretting it the moment the words have ended. Double so when he hears the scoff sound off from behind him. The muscles in his back bunch and clench, causing him to suck in a silent breath. His eyes begin to water from the pain, and both hands simply tighten. Maybe, just maybe, if he clenches the fucking things hard enough, this situation will repair itself. Yeah, right. And maybe tomorrow, Rey will show up, the First Order will lay down their Guns, and Kylo Ren will resurrect Han Solo from the dead. "Right. And here I thought you were just avoiding me, buddy." That five letter word has never sounded so ... so cruel and tormenting before. It rips into Finn. Twists into his heart and guts, until he feels faint and wounded in so many places. Hollow. He feels hollow when Poe is mad at him and he hasn't the first clue why. "How arrogant of me." "You -are- arrogant, Poe." Finn shoots back, his eyes springing open now that he knows the tears that stung them will not fall. "You've been arrogant since the day I met you." He actually laughs as he admits that. Not that he thinks it's news to his friend or anything. He finally manages to pry his hands free of stomach and window, and turns to face Poe. Who's leaning in the doorway, arms crossed in front of him. A moody roadblock that is telling the entire world to keep out. But then, if he's projecting that kind of warning .. why seek Finn out?? Yet something else he just doesn't understand about his friend. "But you're still my best friend, Commander Dameron." The sincerity in Finn's words barrels right through the roadblock, because Poe's arms fall away, his features an open mask of confusion. And hope. It always seems to come back to hope. He takes a step forward, chewing lightly on his bottom lip as he attempts to search Finn's features for something. And, apparently, he finds it, because that look of hope blossoms into a patented Dameron grin from ear to ear, and for a moment, Finn thinks he might stop breathing. What's up with that!? "I .. am?" The level of surprise and uncertainty in that statement just about breaks Finn's heart, and for the first time he actually understands that feeling. That it hurts to find that Poe is surprised that he still considers him a friend. He rushes forward, not giving himself the time to think. Because of he thinks, he will stop. Let logic, lack of experience, and confusion get the better of him. That is -NEVER- a good thing. "Maker, Poe, of -course- you are!" Finn breathes those words with desperation. Breathes them as if they are the very key to his survival. Maybe, on some level, they are. "You really think it could be any other way, man?" He nearly whimpers that question a moment before he's reaching out. Wrapping his arms frantically around the Resistance pilot. In fact, he clings to him. Buries his face deep against the strong shoulder of his best friend. "Fuck, Poe .. I'm sorry, man. If I made you think that. I mean .. of course you're my best friend. You .. Poe .." Finn breathes into his friend's shoulder. Inhales sharply and takes in the scent of musk, sweat ... safety. Exhales heat, fear, and confusion. Allows all of those negative emotions that have been holding him back to escape on that breath. Freeing him like the breeze of his childhood. "Shh. It's okay, Finn. I get it, buddy. I really do." And just like that, this blessed, beautiful man speaks the truths Finn's heart needs to hear and everything feels right in a world fucked up by war and chaos. A world tilting helter skelter on the wrong axis, but continuing to spin for all that it's worth. "Poe .." The man's name is a strangled cry from lips too used to forming yes sirs and silent prayers of save me. Lips that still feel the forming of words like best friend and hope are foreign concepts, or worse yet, unattainable fairytales. Poe's head turns, the tip of his nose skating across the sensitive skin of Finn's neck, causing the man to shudder vaguely in the Pilot's arms as they cling to one another. Somehow managing to hold each other up in the midst of breaking each other down. Smashing walls, boundaries and notions all in one fell, clinging swoop. "Finn ... buddy ... it's okay. Really." He tries to reassure the Ex-stormtrooper .. and himself .. with those words. Surely, this will all be okay. No sooner does this thought occur than the pilot realizes that isn't true. This isn't going to be okay simply by expecting it to. No, it will take what everything else takes; action. And when has Poe Dameron been anything but a man of action?? "Finn." He tries to sound confident. Tries to inject the Dameron Swag into the name, but it comes out a half broken squeak instead. Too much truth interjected for his comfort, but it's out there and he can do nothing but wait. And wait. Wait a little more. Because Finn doesn't look up. If anything, he buries his face deeper into Poe's shoulder. Trying to merge, or maybe trying to cease altogether. And that is a thought that scorches him to the very core. A galaxy without Finn hardly bears thinking about. "Finn." A little more forcefully this time, and apparently it works. Those deep, chocolate colored eyes lift from his shoulder and Poe nearly comes undone when he realizes those expressive jewels shimmer with pools of tears. That does it. Action speaks louder then words? Than this is his fucking ANTHEM. He leans down, tilts and curls until his lips fit to Finn's like a perfectly curved puzzle piece, becoming a portrait of clumsy perfection. Because their lips click, key and lock formed so preciously, but it is not smooth or clean. It's an awkward, momentary clink of teeth before lips purse and press against each other. An electric embrace of flesh and emotion. When Finn pulls back, his eyes have shimmered a change from pools of tears to glittering stardust. And it writes a poem of desire across Poe's heart, despite the complete lack of words. It is an imprint, a truth that will never be forgotten. And before Finn can speak up, utter what the kiss may or may not mean, Poe is flashing the saddest smile the Galaxy would ever see. "Finn ..." This time, the name is a gentle sob. A forced word from jaws clenching against a tidal wave of emotion too deep and dark to describe, and Finn is confused. What changed in the span of a few heartbeats, to transform his words from elation to terrified prayer?? "I need you to wake up, Finn!" Frantic undertones spill through and the Ex-Stormtrooper has never felt so very lost before, and he lived the life of a Stormtrooper for the First Order! "Wha--?" The word never reaches completion. Before he can form the T, his mouth puckers in a sob as he feels everything begin to fall away around him. Chapter 3 : Yarn That night when you kissed me, I left a poem in your mouth. You can hear some of the lines every time you breathe out. Have you ever spent a whole year hoping the morning wouldn't come? I've had a band-aid in one hand and the other a gun. When I say that I miss you, I mean something more. I mean I've been biding my time till you kiss me again. In your arms I forget what the yarn knows of sweaters. I forget how to hold myself together. The medbay. He's in the medbay, a needle hooked to his wrist. He can feel the burning of something as it's pushed into his veins. Force feeding him .. something. A liquid diet? He remembers the Doc saying he had been on a liquid diet while he was in his coma. The smell of yarrow makes him gag. Or, no, wait. He tries to gag, but there's a tube shoved in his mouth. His throat constricts and flexes against it, gagging sounds dripping from his lips as he tries to spit the obstruction up, but he can't. It's lodged so deep, as if it's all the way in his stomach!! "Finn!" Poe's voice is a strained wheeze of concern and fear. Like, overwhelming, tangible fear. He feels hands on him. Too many to be just Poe. Two hands push down on his shoulders, two hands grasp his calves. He feels a hand brush his bare side, and he knows immediately that it's Poe's hand there. It's warm, heavy, bare and familiar for some reason that makes no sense. He hasn't known Poe enough for the Pilot to be -familiar-. Not really. But it doesn't change the truth, does it? "Come on, buddy, you gotta calm down. FINN!!" Poe's voice rises an octave, and it seems to have the exact opposite of the desired reaction. Finn begins to struggle more. Tries to fight against the restraint so that he can SEE his friend. Maybe if he can look at Poe, the Pilot will be able to explain what the hell he is doing back in here! It's been several weeks since he was released from medbay, so why the hell is he here, being restrained!? "Commander Dameron, will you PLEASE step away from the patient!?" An annoyed voice momentarily cuts through Finn's freak out, and he feels the hand on his side reluctantly leave. That just fuels his panic and confusion further! He lashes out. Kicks and swings his arms, pushes up against the hands that are bound and determined to hold him pinned by the shoulders. "GET! OFF! OF! ME!!" He howls the words out, barking them as if he were a rabid animal, rather than merely a confused person. The doctors and nurses grunt and groan as they struggle to settle him. Somewhere in the background, Poe wriggles where he stands, wanting to rush back to the other man and make sure that he's okay. He has to know for himself that the Doctors are right. That Finn is whole and well once more. "Mister ... er.. Dameron, sir, I need you to calm down, okay? I know it's disorienting, waking up like this. If you will stay still for me, I will remove the tube, okay?" The doctor's voice is stern, and yet, frantic. A note of panic underlying the professionalism he has striven so hard to maintain in even the worst case scenarios. After all, something labeled the Resistance doesn't need a doctor for scraped knees and childhood illness. (Though the man has seen his fair share of such things as well.) Mister ... Dameron. Those words zap the fight out of Finn instantly. Of course, he had assumed they meant Poe when they said Dameron, until the words calm, stay still, remove and tube were uttered. THEY'RE CALLING HIM MISTER DAMERON!?! So yeah, as that thought ricochets around his brain, the fight drains from him instantly. He falls heavily on his stomach, his muscles going lax as his eyes flutter shut. The world is hard to process. Even the light burns away his innocence. "That's good, Mr. Dameron. Now, we're going to roll you over onto your back. No! No, don't fight! I assure you, your back is fully healed, son. Just try to relax." Finn shudders, quakes with some deep, resonating fear that the moment he's on his back the pain will be so intense he'll scream. Or something less dignified, to deal with it all. But then, he tries to swallow on reflex, feels himself gagging around the tube and the probability of pain pales in comparison to the tube stifling his throat. If he cannot breathe, he'll die. Though, even now, some deep, dark recess of logic still exists in his brain and he knows that the tube is there to HELP him breathe, but fear and panic are loathsome creatures that drop kick logic in the groin and laugh sadistically as it dies a writhing death. "Okay, now careful, everyone." He feels the push and pull of hands across his body. Shifting his shoulders, grabbing at his hips and legs. Carefully, he's maneuvered onto his back and his first instinct is to suck in a breath to prepare for the impact of pain as he's settled. But again, he gags and coughs against the tube and he must wage a war against his rising panic. A war he would have lost, were he not able to finally open his tired eyes and SEE Poe standing across the room from him. Poe, who's hands are a wringing mess. Fingers interlocked as they create a quivering lattice work of emotions. Primarily concern and uselessness. Finn can read the feelings across the pilot's expressive features, and all he wants to do is struggle up. Cross the room. Throw his arms around his best friend and press a kiss to his lips. Their kiss had been .. brief, clumsy, and earth shattering. He kinda wants to repeat it again and again, even if it never gets better. Because mind-blowing can be good enough, right? "Good, Mr. Dameron. Now, this is going to hurt. I need you to release your breath and remain as still as possible. Commander Dameron, maybe you'd be so kind as to come over here, yes? This time, I think it best you take his hand, okay?" Poe moves so fast he could almost be flying. He swoops in to take Finn's outstretched hand between both of his. Cradling it as if it is precious cargo, and for the first time in his life, Finn thinks he may be just that. Precious. Worth something to someone. And then the pain comes. It starts as a pinching deep in his throat, followed by a horribly burning sensation that travels up, into his mouth. He feels Poe squeezing his captured hand at the same moment he sees the tube dangling in the air before the doctor passes it off. "There. All done, Mr. Dameron. The IV will need to stay for now, but not for much longer. My staff will give you and Commander Dameron a moment alone while I fetch you some water. And then, I will be happy to answer any questions you have. Though, for now, please try not to talk too much, okay? At least, until I have time to examine you further." The doctor turns on his heel and exits the room, an almost oppressive silence descending in his wake as Poe and Finn stare each other down. It feels ... as if they are opponents sizing each other up, rather than possible friends. That is all kinds of epic wrongness to Finn, who still remembers falling asleep in shared beds and that single, life altering kiss. "Poe .." He shatters the silence with a squawked word that draws Poe a little closer. The pilot's hand tightening on the Ex-stormtroopers as he waits to see if Finn will go further. It takes time. A few minutes tick by before the prone man can manage any more words. "What am I .. doing .. ba..ck in here? Did.. did something .. happen? Did .. I re...relapse?" By the end of his words, he is coughing. Each dry, rattling sound a shard shooting through Poe as he fights to figure out how he can help. The hell is that doctor with water!? The thought of the doctor distracts him from what his friend says. Only after he has looked toward the door and back again, do the odd words register. His hands go lax around Finn's, before finally falling away. The look of bewilderment etched into his features makes Finn's stomach seize and clench in the worst way. Because instinct tells him that whatever is about to happen .. not good. "What? Finn, man .. what?" He groans softly when he repeats himself, a few not so nice self-aimed jokes rushing through his mind. He licks his lips, frowning. "Finn, buddy .. you haven't left here, to be -back-. I don't .. I don't know what you think happened." He hesitates for a moment, then steps closer to the bed. Reaches out to gently lay a hand on his shoulder. Warm, bare skin against warm, bare skin. It feels almost electric to them both, though they each fear to say anything. In case it's one sided. "I left. W-woke up.. got be..tter." He coughs again, and Poe's hand tightens on his shoulder. Trying so hard not to dig his nails into his friend's skin. "Got out .. fou..nd a place to st..ay. Remem..ber?" He coughs again, and Poe actually makes a whimpering sound. Because he hasn't the foggiest how he's supposed to help him. Well, water would solve the coughing, but the rest? None of that makes sense! None of that is something he can handle. "I.." He struggles to speak, having no words. "Commander Dameron." The doctor steps in with a small tray and settles it on the table. Poe releases a quivering breath of relief, and feels his shoulders sag a bit. "If you would, I need some time with my patient." Finn immediately begins to panic. He reaches out for Poe's hand, a soft, pitiful whine eeked from his lips. "It'll be alright, Finn." Poe practically coos the words, trying to be reassuring as he reluctantly pulls his hand from his friend's. The action creates a physical ache in them both, but Finn manages not to reach for him again. "I'll be right outside, buddy. The moment the Doc's done, I'll be back. Okay?" He flashes that megawatt smile before he turns and rushes quickly from the room. Sooner the doctor talks to Finn, the sooner he can return, right? The doctor grabs up something from the tray, walking over to check the IV bag. Once he's sure that it's still dripping correctly, he pours out a cup of water and hands it to Finn. Carefully helping the man take a few steady sips before he puts the cup back on the tray. "Now. My name is Dr. Perrash Tsotsi, Mr. Dameron. I've been on your case since Chewbacca and Ms. Rey brought you into medbay. Now, I'm sure you have many questions, and I will do my best to answer them." Perrash turns and grabs a chair, dragging it close to the bed as he pulls out the datapad with Finn's patient information on it. "How long?" With the water having soothed his throat, he finally manages a complete sentence. Without realizing, he seeks out Poe. Hoping to see a look of relief and happiness on the pilot's face. It's only after he has searched for a few moments that he remembers the other man left the room. He hopes he doesn't blush too deeply as he looks back at the doctor. "You have been out for about three weeks, Mr. Dameron. We put you into a medically induced coma. It took about three days for us to repair the actual damage done to your back with synthetic skin. It took another two weeks for the synthetic skin to give way to real skin. The remainder of the time was spent letting the muscles and nerves settle, so to speak. We've been waiting the past two days for you to awaken once we dropped you from the coma." Finn can feel his heart and breath speeding up. Can feel the tightness in his chest and cheeks, the dizziness running rampant through his head as he tries to process this. There's no reason for the doctor to lie. That's the first thing he has to remind himself of. The first fact he has to cement in his mind, else he really lose it. So then, if the doctor has no reason to lie why does he remember being out of here!? Why does he remember walking, eating, kissing Poe!? He sucks in a breath, feels it burn all the way down into his lungs. "No. Remember .. waking up .. leaving medbay ... doing things around the Base." The words are a guttural refusal, colored by emotion and tears he does not realize he sheds. "I assure you, Mr. Dameron. You have been here the whole time." The doctor frowns for a moment, looking up from the datapad. "There have been recorded incidents of coma patients dreaming while they are under. I think .. well, I think you dreamed that you got better. Were there details of the happenings that made no sense?" He queues up a blank document, and begins writing notes as soon as Finn begins to explain. "Well .. yeah. Small things, I guess. I .. I don't remember seeing much of the base. Mostly just .. rundown old rooms. Barely saw anyone but Poe and some people that I didn't know. But .. I don't know anyone, so it made sense. You .. weren't my doctor." He frowns deeply for a moment, struggling to remember. It all seems to be fading from his mind like ... like a dream. He bites back a whimper and barrels on. "Poe! He .. he would never tell me where Rey was. What .. happened to her .. but always insisted he had." He frowns darker, his hand flying up to his nose. "And yarrow! I kept smelling yarrow, no matter where I was. Poe said he could never smell it." The doctor hides a faint smile by bending over his pad, writing down what Finn said. So, Commander Dameron had been present in the man's coma dream? That didn't surprise him in the least. The two seemed very fond of each other. "Hmm .. well, it makes sense, Mr. Dameron. The rundown rooms were simple, easy for your mind to create and project. If they were rundown, you were not likely to see many people and your mind would not question the fact. As for Ms. Rey ... Commander Dameron could not tell you where she was, because you didn't know. Your mind could not supply information that it did not have. Yarrow .." Perrash trails off for a moment, his nose wrinkling in distaste. Truth be told, he cannot stand the scent of Yarrow, either. It is an antiseptic aroma to him. Indicative of trouble. "We had to use a yarrow paste when we applied the synthetic skin. Then, had to keep the affected area bathed in it, as the skin grew back. The last treatment of it is done, so it should fade soon. Commander Dameron brought you flowers to try and drown out the scent. I believe his favorite were rose and Whittle." Whittle. That word settles like a stone in his gut, and he huffs a deep, choked breath. The fight is still so fresh in his mind. Watching Poe scream with the flowers in his hand, the tone better remembered than the words. Though nothing as ingrained in his memory as the pain he had felt when Poe had left him there. His breathing hitches, his hands curling into the sheets, twisting and rending at the fabric as he makes a valiant attempt at heading off a panic attack. What would be the point of panicking if it's not real? Because that is what Dr. Tsotsi is saying ... none of it happened. He hadn't driven Poe away. But he also hadn't ... kissed ... him. The feeling of loss is tangible. A spider web of cracks appearing across the reasoning center of his brain as he tries to force the tired organ to function at a capacity it simply isn't capable of. The headache is instant. It flares, a supernova of heat and light burning behind his eyes. Hands free themselves from the sheets to claw at eyes closed desperately against the pain. "Mr. Dameron, I need you to try and take slow, careful breaths for me, okay? What you're experiencing is the beginnings of a panic attack. Just try to steady your breath and don't over extend it. It's going to be okay." The doctor speaks in soft, gentle tones, and yet, manages to inject just enough authority that Finn finds himself not just listening, but clinging to the tones. His breath hitches and wavers for a moment, before calming. Steadying. He draws on the doctors words and forces himself to breath normally. "Now, would you like to discuss what brought on that episode, Mr. Dameron?" He questions as he settles in his seat once more. With those words, Finn feels another panic attack swooping down on him and barely manages to keep a tight hold on his breathing. Barely manages not to lose it all over again. "No!" The word is a forceful denial that leaves the ex stormtrooper feeling empty and worn out. He struggles to push himself to a sitting position and nearly jumps from his own skin when the doctor appears to carefully stack pillows behind his healed back to help him remain sitting. Carefully, still so afraid of twinging his back, he curls into the pillows. Breath held tight and steady, released in a slow, trembled exhale when no pain comes. He should be relieved. Hell, he should be wiggling a jaunty jig in his bed because he is alive, awake. And since no statement has been made otherwise, he assumes he is going to be okay. So then .. why does he feel anything -but- okay? It's more than just the knowledge that everything that transpired between Poe and him is nothing more than a fever dream ... so much more. It's the fact that he is now right back to being scared, alone, and misplaced. The fact that Rey's fate is still a blind-spot he has no answer for! Poe is okay, but Rey?? He inhales deeply, breath quivering as he tries to head off further panic. What the hell is up with that? He has never had a panic attack before. Never had to worry about losing it the way he almost had moments ago. And now, he is struggling just to keep some semblance of control over himself. Maker, but it feels like being a part of the First Order all over again! The feeling of abject terror he used to get when he realized he had exactly no control over his own existence, his own fate. "Alright, Mr. Dameron. You don't have to talk about it if you don't want." The doctor smiles faintly before standing, grabbing up the cup of water to carry to his poor patient. He cannot even begin to understand what the young man must be going through because he has never met a Stormtrooper face to face before. Not like this. Truth be told, the Resistance could learn a lot from studying the young man in various ways, but he really doesn't think anyone would be okay with such a thought. Finn and Poe at the forefront of that line. Having observed the fighter pilot sitting vigil at the young man's side .. he finds it hard to believe that Poe would allow anything to cause the younger man any kind of discomfort like that. Hell, even the General would not be likely to suggest such a thing. Maybe tactical appraisal here and there as it is needed, but never a full blown study of the man. "T-thank you, Doctor." The sheer volume of raw emotion in Finn's voice nearly causes the doctor to drop the cup, but he manages to guide it to the young mans lips, helping him drink. Once he is done, the cup is returned to the tray, the doctor frowning vaguely as he watches Finn. The Ex-Stormtrooper is going to be troublesome, though not in a bad way or anything, per se. But the innocence about him .. the sort of raw feelings he inspires in other people .. that will be interesting to watch develop as time passes. "Rest, Mr. Dameron. I'll ask Poe to return." He's not in the least bit surprised to see both happiness and fear ghost across his patient's features at the thought of Poe. He turns on his heel, walking for the door. He barely makes it into the hall before Poe is upon him. All wide eyes and anxiety. He reaches out to place a steady hand on his shoulder, squeezing gently to try and reassure the poor man that his ... friend ..... is alright. "Finn is going to be fine, Poe. At the moment, he's suffering a bit of displacement, due to fever dreams during his coma. Beyond that, though, he's good. Speaking normally and lingering pain seems to be doing better as well. I'll send a nurse in within the next half hour or so to administer some pain medication. Until then, feel free to sit with him. I think ... I think he really needs you at the moment, Poe." He pulls his hand away, turning to check on a few other patients he currently has at the moment. Poe breathes deeply, turning to face the door to the room, though not yet walking through. He tries, he really does, but hesitation stays his feet. Hands pluck and prod each other, wringing in agitation as he takes a few moments to compose himself before heading in to see his friend. Alive. Awake. Okay. How strange is it, that something as soft, supple and giving as pillows can feel like a wall? Like brick or concrete masking as feathers and stuffing. Finn stiffens, back aching with memory of light and pain. Burning. For one terrible moment, he thinks he can smell the remnants of scorched skin and burning hair. Of cold snow and hot light, of blood and cauterized leather. He turns, rolls with a speed surprising as he fights against the emptiness of his stomach. Fights against the desire to spew bile into the nearest receptacle. "Finn." Poe's voice is a beacon in a storm of sickness, confusion and fear. A spotlight that illuminates Finn, a lifeline in a single word. A single presence. "Poe." The name trickles from pursed lips. A lone word that displays the Ex-stormtroopers wounded soul as he fights with himself. Fights his own body, now a foreign organism holding him hostage. A prison of rebellious flesh and pain. "Where's Rey, Poe? Is she okay? Is she on her way? Please, tell me!" A decibel of desperation paints his words as hysteria creeps up into every syllable. Within the next moment, Poe has settled uneasily on the side of the bed. Scooped Finn's hand up to clutch it tenderly between his own two, and it telegraphs the wrong message. Finn assumes he is being prepared for the worst. That Poe is getting ready to report tragic news and expects him to break down. "She's okay, buddy. Rey is okay. I promise to tell you everything I know, Finn, but not yet. Okay? You need to rest a little more. The Nurse will be coming in to give you something for the pain and it will probably put you to sleep." "No! Damn it, Poe, you can't keep doing this to me, man. Every time I ask, you change the subject, refuse to talk, or just flat out lie and say you've already told me. Please ... please! Tell me what happened to her!" Finn's words are a desperate, needy wail, and Poe finds himself stunned into silence. He knows, without a doubt, that they never had the chance to talk about any of this. Knows that Finn has been in a medically induced coma this entire time, so when could they -ever- have talked about Rey? And then he remembers. The doctor said that Finn had fever dreams while he was out. He feels heat leap to his cheeks. Knows that he is flushed with a deep, probably crimson blush. Because that means Finn -dreamed- about him. "Finn, buddy .." He coaxes softly, but sternly. His hands tighten on the trembling one caught between them, applying careful pressure to try and draw the other man's attention to him, in hopes of heading off the hysteria he heard building in Finn's voice. "Please, just relax, okay?" He knows that he's pleading now. Almost -begging- the younger man to calm down. Finn sucks in a ragged breath, struggling to focus on the warm pressure surrounding his hand. He uses it to anchor him. To pluck him from the clutches of anxiety and panic. Several slow, deep breaths later, and he has calmed down. He's practically limp with emotional exhaustion, his eyes so heavy lidded he cannot keep them open. "Oh, Finn .." Poe whispers softly, and after a moment of hesitation, he finds himself doing the unthinkable. He drops the man's hand .. and then carefully crawls up, into the bed. At any moment, expects to be yelled at. Maybe hit with a pillow or a hand, expressly told to get the hell out of there. But it never comes. Once Poe has settled on his back on the side of the bed, he would swear he feels Finn relax. Almost as if the man is breathing easier now. This thought emboldens him. He still hesitates, but after a moment, he turns onto his side. Slips his arm ever so gently along the covered curve of Finn's waist. This time, he doesn't have to speculate about the man's reaction. Because he feels him relax beneath his arm. Feels the soft steadying of Finn's breath. As the other man relaxes, Poe finds himself doing the same. His breathing regulates, his body slowly grows lax as he rests against his friend. "Rey is fine, Finn. She managed to take Kylo Ren down and then Chewie got you to the Falcon." He murmurs the words in a soft, even voice. Trying to soothe even as he explains. "We took down Starkiller Base, and managed to recover the map to find Skywalker." Poe tells himself that he will not sound bitter or angry, but he does. The moment the word Skywalker leaves his mouth, it is twisted and angry. He just can't keep the negative emotion out of it. Because he -still- blames the Jedi for the fact that Rey is gone and Finn nearly died. That Han Solo -is- dead. "Chewie and Rey took the Falcon to find the Jedi. She sat with you a few times. Came in and said goodbye right before she left." He hopes that all of this will help his friend. Calm him and give him hope. Minutes tick by. Stretching on and on until Poe feels as if he's going to start squirm across the bed. This was a mistake. Climbing up here, putting an arm around Finn ... inundating him with all of this information .. it's a giant mistake! So, he starts to pull away. Begins to extricate his arm from the waist he clutches, only to feel a hand suddenly there. Squeezing. Cling to his arm. "P-please .. don't go, Poe." Finn's words are so soft he has to strain to catch them all and still isn't sure he heard them right. That is, until he feels the hand squeeze again and manages to look up. Right into Finn's scared, imploring eyes. "N-none of this .. makes any sense. I ... I feel so ... lost." He bites down a sob, his lips compressing into a thin, quivering line as he struggles to keep the next sob from breaking free. Poe feels a pinch in his chest and he knows that his heart is aching for the poor ex-Stormtrooper. "It's okay, buddy. We'll figure this all out, okay?" He tries to flash one of his best smiles, but it barely registers as a twitching of his lips. And yet, it must be enough, because the barely held sob becomes a shaky exhale and a watery smile. "That's it, Finn." He murmurs reassuringly, his arm tightening around the other man's waist, his eyes slowly fluttering closed as he holds him. ".. -we- .. will?" The anguish and need in Finn's voice almost proves too much for Poe. He turns his head quickly, his face pushed into the other man's pillow to try and stave off the tears that burn the backs of his eyes. The last thing the poor man needs to see is that someone he is relying on for strength, is close to tears. "Yeah, Finn .. -we- will." He emphasizes the word WE, hoping that the Ex-Stormtrooper understands. They barely know one another ... they have been through hell and back together and apart ... and now, they are in this together, however it pans out. They are WE, for as long as Finn needs them to be. "Thank you, Poe." The words are barely uttered before the door to the room opens, a grim-faced nurse shuffling in silently. She walks for the bedside, paying no mind to the two men curled together. Her only concern is the IV and the small contraption held in her hand. She grasps the tubing, her eyes narrowed in concentration as she fits the contraption to the IV. It runs a quick analysis and then injects something into the tubing. "Please wrap up your conversation, Poe. Mr. Dameron should be asleep within the next five minutes or so .. and the Doctor will not be happy if you try and stay. It's about time you went and got some sleep yourself, young man." She clucks in soft, disapproving, yet caring, tones, before she turns and sweeps out of the room. About two and a half minutes after the nurse has left, Finn feels the slow seep of lethargy through his limbs. His eyes refuse to remain open, his body going lax as he rests. And yet, he still has enough wits about him to murmur a soft question. "... Poe? Why .. does everyone .. think ... my name is -Dameron-?" He struggles to try and open his eyes, to look down where his friend is still curled into him, but he doesn't have the strength. The last thing he hears before he drifts off to sleep, is a half strangled EEP from his friend. Notes: Hope everyone enjoyed!