The Debriefing Summary: Kylo Ren interrogates Poe Dameron. Steamy, white-on-macchiato power play. Poe Dameron, the greatest pilot in the Resistance, was strapped to a table, writhing from the torture executed by Kylo Ren. Dameron had extremely valuable knowledge of a map to Luke Skywalker, and Ren wanted it. The sort-of-sith-but-not-really-a-sith paced around the interrogation room, twirling Poe’s 9 ½” blaster between his fingers. “I’m going to get what I want… One way or another. I ALWAYS get what I want.” Kylo lunged forward, pulled down Poe’s pants with a lot of haste, spit on the barrel of the blaster, and shoved it up Poe’s TIGHT entrance with all the force of a true Skywalker. “YEEEAAAGHHH!!!” The feeling of cold metal inside his body was like nothing Poe had ever felt before. It was like taking a really cold backwards-poop. His screams echoed down the halls of the (Star... Destroyer...?) ...ship, and all the stormtroopers within earshot turned their heads and fidgeted apprehensively (but some secretly enjoyed the idea of a one-on-one meeting with their boss). Ren had a reputation for being quite the fiery interrogator. An interrogator with perfect, jet-black hair and the palest, thiccest ass within 800 parsecs. Kylo removed the now-warm blaster, tossed it across the room, and continued the interrogation with his white cock. “Oh, my stars… Oh… Oh…” Poe clenched his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut. He wanted to hate this evil man for what he was doing to him. But another part of him, a part deep down that he didn’t know he had, felt... somehow… grateful. Getting this kind of treatment from Kylo Ren himself must be such an honor. Poe quickly realized that he would receive so much more glory and recognition by this man’s side than he would as just another disposable Resistance pilot. With his Imperial dong inside Poe, Kylo began to force-choke him. His aura coursed through Poe’s arteries, veins, and balls as Ren's penis penetrated Poe’s lower intestine. Temples throbbing, sweat dripping, abs flexing, Poe thrust his muscular, space-Latino body forward and screamed, “The map is inside my BB unit! MY UNIT!!!” Kylo paused, mid-shaft, and removed the force-chokehold. Poe coughed and gasped, exhausted from the interrogation. “Good boy,” Kylo murmured, petting Poe’s hair. He started to remove his member from Poe’s anus when, suddenly, the pilot spoke again. “Keep… Keep going.” “Excuse me?” Kylo said. “I might… I might have… some more information for you. You might… You might want to keep going.” Kylo smiled under his mask. This was an unexpected, wonderful surprise. The stormtroopers he disciplined never seemed to like his methods. Kylo gazed at his bitch. Poe’s quivering butt cheeks were like firm, supple, caramel dinner rolls. Pulsing with delight. Kylo pushed his rigid organ back inside the pilot, said “Very well,” and continued. He repeatedly slammed Poe against the interrogation table as the pilot savored every second of having Kylo inside him. The force was strong with his dong. Chapter 2 : Coitus Interruptus Summary: Poe runs away!!! Angst. A couple of hours passed following the lengthy interrogation. Kylo had left his pilot in the torture chamber, because he had to do some space-nazi things elsewhere on the ship. Then, a commotion required his attention in the control room. A prisoner escaped, with the help of a TRAITOR! Kylo marched into the control room. “General Hux. Is it the Resistance pilot?” “Yes… And he had help. From one of our own,” Hux replied. “We’re checking the registers now to identify which stormtrooper it was.” Kylo gazed off into the distance and muttered, “The one from the village. FN-2187.” That son-of-a-bitch stole my eye-candy , Kylo thought. He walked away, furious upon hearing this devastating news. Kylo stormed into his bed chamber, kicked over a table, sliced his dresser in half with his lightsaber, and collapsed onto his bed, sobbing. “How could you do this to me, Dameron? HOW?!! I thought we had something special… Please come back to me. Please…” Several hours of crying passed, and then Kylo sat up on the edge of his bed and gazed at Darth Vader’s charred helmet. He took a deep breath, gathering his composure. “Grandfather. I’m having such strange feelings. There’s this pilot, you see, and… Well, he’s… with the Resistance. I know, I know! He’s scum! It’s forbidden! But… I don’t know, grandfather. He’s just so… filthy.” Kylo laughed softly. “My stars, he’s perfect, grandfather. I wish you could meet him. Perhaps, someday, my sexy pilot will come to me. And then, I will show him the power of the darkness. And nothing will stand in our way.” Kylo removed his mask, wiped away his smeared black eyeliner, kissed Darth Vader’s helmet, curled up under his Darth Vader sheets, and fell asleep, dreaming of his beloved, tangled up in sarlacc tentacles. On Jakku, Poe jolted awake, coughing up dust. He was still shaking from the adrenaline of his escape. He sat up and looked around. For a moment, he couldn’t remember where he was or what had happened, but as his eyes adjusted to the inky blackness of night, it all came back to him: He and a stormtrooper stole a TIE fighter and crash-landed on Jakku. But there was no stormtrooper. No TIE fighter. Just little Poe Dameron, all alone in the desert. He stood up and started wiping the sand off his body. Fucking sand. It’s course and rough and irritating, and it gets EVERYWHERE. As he frustratingly rubbed his ass, the feeling of pressure on this particular part of his body triggered a flashback. “My god… Kylo Ren… What have I done?” The severity of Poe’s choice to escape smacked him like a leather crop. He was such a goddamn fool! Instead of embracing change, embracing a better life, he chose the cowardly path. And all for what? He was lost, alone, and without a ship. He didn’t even have his jacket anymore. Poe lost everything, and there was no chance in Mustafar that he would ever reunite with Ren, let alone earn his forgiveness. Poe wandered through the Jakku desert, crushed with shame. Chapter 3 : PN-15 Summary: Rendezvous on Jakku! For two days and nights, Poe trekked across the barren sands of Jakku. He was really thirsty and sooo hot. On the third day, he crawled over a dune and spotted a miracle: a small town nestled in a rocky valley. By the time Poe reached the town, he had lost all his remaining strength. His tongue was completely dry and his eyes had shrunken into his skull. As soon as he reached the first street vendor, he collapsed. At a nearby booth, a stormtrooper looked at Poe, dropped his space-groceries, and ran over to examine the dying man. He propped Poe up on his knee as the pilot clumsily gasped for help and blacked out. Poe drifted in and out of consciousness, all the while being nurtured by the mysterious stormtrooper. The next evening, he had the strength to sit up and think clearly. He grabbed a piece of insta-space-bread and devoured it while examining his surroundings. He was half-naked and in a small tent that contained only two small cots and a fire for cooking. There were few objects in the tent, save for a couple pots, some cooking utensils, and a curious drawstring pouch peeking out from beneath the pillow on the other cot. Poe began to reach for the pouch when the tent flap rustled and opened. The stormtrooper came inside, tossed some food in a pot, and looked up at him. There was a long, awkward silence, and then Poe spoke. “…So, what do you plan to do with me?” The stormtrooper cocked his head. “What, are you not gonna answer me? Resistance scum not worth the wasted breath?” Poe scoffed. The stormtrooper reached for his belt. Thinking he was going for a weapon, Poe grabbed a nearby knife and jumped up. But it wasn’t a weapon; the trooper had pulled out a notepad and pen and wrote a message. He held up the pad: Mute. Convoy sent here to find you. They forgot me when they left. You needed help too. Poe’s expression softened and he lowered the knife. “Oh… Uh… Thanks. What’s your name?” The stormtrooper scribbled: PN-15. Poe sighed. “You guys need real names. The last stormtrooper I met was named FN-something. Anyway, I guess it’s nice to meet you, Pen-15. I’m Poe. Poe Dameron.” During the days that followed, Poe and PN-15 searched for a way off of Jakku. Unfortunately, neither of them had much money, and starships were in short supply. After a few days, Poe normally would have begun to lose hope; but there was something about this new stormtrooper. PN-15 had a sweet innocence about him that made Poe feel completely carefree, like he was floating on Cloud City. Whenever the pilot expressed frustration or despair, the trooper was there to lend an optimistic, happy point-of-view with that little notepad. PN-15 was the exact opposite of Kylo Ren, and while Poe was still determined to find Ren, the stormtrooper was a much unexpected temptation. On their sixth night together, they were able to book an Expedia flight off of Jakku. They were elated, and neither of them could resist the temptation any longer. As soon as they went inside the tent, Poe stuck his hand down PN-15’s pants and aggressively squeezed and tugged the trooper’s ENORMOUS cock. Then, Poe shoved him down onto the trooper’s cot, climbed on top of his chest armor, and reached for his helmet. But PN-15 stopped him. “What? What’s wrong? I want to see your face.” PN-15 hastily scribbled on his notepad. Never remove my helmet. Poe raised an eyebrow. He didn’t know how to react to this. But oh well, he was feeling adventurous. Bring on the helmet-fucking!!! He slid off his pants and thrust his warm, raw dick into the eyehole of PN-15’s helmet! OVER. AND OVER. AND OVER!!! “So…” Poe said, out of breath, “How ‘bout some anal?” PN-15 pet Poe’s face, sighed, and wrote: No space-condoms. “But what about space-AIDS?” Nothing else to live for. “…Good point.” Poe turned PN-15 over, pulled down his leg-armor and pants, and bullseyed that womp rat with his T-16. Poe’s eyes rolled back. This sex was sublime. He was used to being the bottom, but it’s nice to change it up every once in a while. After a few dozen thrusts, Poe glanced at the pillow and noticed that the mysterious drawstring pouch – PN-15’s only possession – was peeking out. The trooper had fallen into a bit of a trance, so Poe took this opportunity to grab the pouch. Inside was a plastic baggie filled with white powder. Suddenly, PN-15 turned his head and saw what Poe had done. He crawled away, unsheathing Poe’s penis from his asshole, and grabbed his notepad. Please don’t judge. “You do galacticrack?!” I need it. Poe paused for a moment, shrugged, and opened the baggie. “Why not? It’ll be fun.” PN-15 sat up straight and nodded eagerly. And they snorted that stardust and had the most incredible, amped-up sex ever. The next day, they blasted off from Jakku and parted ways, never to see each other again. But neither one of them would ever forget that magical night. Chapter 4 : 50 Shades of Hux Summary: Things aren't going so well for Kylo Ren. Dear Jesus: I'm sorry. “Supreme Leader Snoke was explicit. Capture the droid if we can, but destroy it if we must,” General Hux told Kylo Ren as they walked along a bridge on the Star Destroyer. “How capable are your soldiers, General?” “I won’t have you question my methods,” Hux snarled. “They’re obviously skilled at committing high treason. Perhaps Leader Snoke should consider using a clone army,” Ren said, matter-of-factly. Hux glared at him. “My men are exceptionally trained – programmed from birth–” “Then they should have no problem retrieving the droid. Unharmed.” “Careful, Ren. That your ‘personal interests’ not interfere with orders from Leader Snoke,” Hux threatened. “I want that map,” Ren fumed. “For your sake, I suggest you get it.” He walked away, leaving Hux to pause and ponder for a moment before rushing after him. Turning a corner, Hux caught up with him and slammed him into a wall. “I will NOT be disrespected like that again,” he growled through gritted teeth. “What do you–” Kylo started to push back, but Hux grabbed his sexy black scarf-thing and shoved him again, knocking him semiconscious. Hux picked up Kylo’s disoriented body, slung him over his shoulder, and took him to his bed chamber. “Hrnnn… Whu–? Whut’re… Whuss…” Kylo slowly gained consciousness. He was lying on the cold floor of a prison cell, naked and chained to the wall. He had never seen this room before. It was like a Scandinavian space-dungeon. Filled with red velvet, candles, Swedish death metal posters, dead space-pigs (Gamorreans, I guess), and all kinds of kinky torture shit. Oh, god, he thought. I’m going to be Hux’s plaything. Before Kylo could plan his escape, Hux walked in from the bathroom, brandishing a knife. “Ah. You’re awake. Good.” Hux removed his shirt, revealing his shredded 8-pack. “What do you think of my bedroom?” “You’re into space-omasochism?” “You’re surprised?” “Well, I guess not.” Hux rolled his eyes, tossed the knife into a bag, and walked over to a gear on the wall near the cell. “I’m to teach you a lesson, ‘knight.’ It’s time you learned your place.” He forcefully turned the gear, shortening Kylo’s chains so that he was pulled along the floor and up onto the wall. Kylo tugged at his chains, panicking. “No–! No!!! My grandfather will hear about this! HE WILL! HE’S DARTH VADER!” Hux picked up his bag of goodies and entered the cell. “Like I said… I won’t have you question my methods.” The general attached some metal clamps to Ren's nipples. “Darth Vader may be your grandfather, but from now on, I am your daddy. When I’m done with you, I expect you to say, ‘Yes, daddy. I will obey.’ Say it to me every time you get the urge to disrespect me again. Say it in your sleep. Say it until you MEAN IT!” Kylo spat in Hux's face, and the general gagged him. Kylo began to sob. Where was his dear, sweet Poe? His bronzed pilot will save him from this heartless ginger. He’ll come… Hux pressed a radio button. “You can come in now.” A large group of stormtroopers filed into the room and faced the cell. Hux turned to them briefly and announced, “Here is Kylo Ren. Your commander. Look at him now! How helpless is he! I command you all to watch as I put him in his rightful place!” The stormtroopers shifted nervously and silently watched as the bondage and torture continued. Hux began to spank Kylo’s wiener with increasing intensity, shouting, “Who’s your daddy! Who’s your daddy!” Kylo glared at Hux through his wet eyes. Hux grabbed his neck. “Awwww, you gonna cry now, crybaby? Look at him, stormtroopers! Watch him cry!” Hux ripped off the nipple clamps and punched Kylo in the stomach, causing the knight to curl forward and cough through his gag. His eyes watered even more. “Oh, I almost forgot! A special outfit for a special occasion!” Hux traipsed across the room and opened a garment box. “Now you and your mother can have something in common.” He held up a slave-Leia outfit. “I admit, it’s not really your color, but we can make it work. BD-69! SM-420! Get over here and dress your commander.” A few moments later, Kylo was dressed in the assless slave outfit, and the two stormtroopers returned to their positions to watch the humiliation unfold. Hux began to nibble on Kylo’s big ol’ ears and every other part of his body. His nibbles then turned to ravenous bites. Then, Hux took out the knife he had earlier and began to make small incisions in Kylo’s chest as the knight cried out in pain. When sufficient blood had been drawn, the general removed his own pants and undergarments. Kylo was numb and zombified by that point, with no tears left to shed. The general loosened Ren’s chains so that he plopped down onto the floor. “SIT UP!” Kylo obeyed. Hux removed the gag and presented his cock in front of Kylo’s face. “Now, use that bloody space-magic for the only thing it’s good for!” Kylo trembled, shut his eyes, and used the force to make Hux go hard. Then, while Kylo was distracted, Hux pushed his ginger dick down his throat, causing the knight to gag and choke until he felt compelled to vomit. “Swallow.” Kylo obeyed. “Now, get down on your hands and knees… DO IT!” Kylo obeyed. He got down like a space-dog. Hux wiped Kylo’s bleeding chest and applied some blood to his member. “Not the best lubricant, but at least it’s something. You should be thankful for that. I’m so gracious.” Then, he drove that huge, pulsing sausage into Kylo Ren’s thermal exhaust port like a proton torpedo. He pulled in and out, again and again, until he just about DESTROYED that asshole. Kylo found renewed strength in his voice, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. “Now,” Hux said, out-of breath. “You may resume your duties, troops. I believe our commander has learned his lesson.” The stormtroopers awkwardly filed out of the room. Kylo Ren curled up in a fetal position on the floor, shaking and whimpering. The odor of sweat and shame filled the room. Despite his searing pain and emotional destruction, Kylo’s mind wandered to the one good thing he had left in his life: Poe Dameron. Right there, on the floor of General Hux’s bedroom, Kylo vowed to find his special pilot, even if he had to fly across every star system in the galaxy to do it. He would find him. “Y-yes, daddy. I will obey.” Chapter 5 : Naboo or Bust Summary: Kylo's ready for the space-Mediterranean life... and so is someone else. Poe firmly grasped his throttle and ascended away from Starkiller Base as the planet melted away into a flaming, molten, hot ball of pure, orgasmic fusion. Ecstatic cheers from Poe’s fellow pilots resounded in his ears, but he paid no attention to them. All he could think about, despite his better judgment, was that tall, dark, brooding knight of splendor that had bewitched him, body and soul… and anus. He secretly prayed that Kylo Ren wasn’t on that planet during its destruction. In the weeks that followed, the Resistance worked to unite any remaining Republic allies while the First Order hid among the Outer Rim, planning their next course of action. General Hux had rescued Kylo Ren from Starkiller Base and continued to abuse the knight. One evening, Kylo was leaving the evil medical clinic, rubbing his fresh bandages, when he ran into Hux. “Leader Snoke has grown weary of your self-pity, Ren. Ever since you destroyed his weapon, you have moped around this ship with your tail tucked between your legs. You disgust him. And me.” “Y-yes, daddy.” Hux firmly pressed two of his fingers against the wound on Kylo’s chest; a searing pain coursed through the knight’s body. Hux leaned forward and hissed, “Go to Leader Snoke. Stop avoiding him, or we will both face his retribution.” Kylo stiffened his body and gritted his teeth. “Yes, daddy, I-I will obey.” Hux sneered and walked away. Kylo stood, motionless, in the hallway, deep in thought. I can’t go to Snoke. He will see that Dameron dominates my thoughts, and he will kill him. Kylo knew what he had to do. But he had to act quickly, before his mind could change. If he couldn’t find Poe, then he would at least get as far away from Snoke and Hux as possible. It was time to disappear, for good. To leave everyone and everything behind. Moments later, Ren secretly acquired a small ship and blasted away from the Star Destroyer. For some reason, the force was telling him to go to Naboo – where his grandfather, Darth Vader, had fallen in love with his grandmother – so that’s where he went. Once on the planet, he murdered a sweet, innocent family for their house and possessions. Now he could retire in peace. A couple of weeks passed. Kylo relished in his solitude and had taken up knitting. His house was situated on a cliff overlooking a beautiful lake. Not a speck of sand in sight. On one particularly beautiful morning, he decided to go on a stroll through the marketplace to get some marinara ingredients. He was gonna make a whole bunch of spaghetti and shove it in his pockets. He was holding up a jar of space-tomatoes, inspecting them for quality, when he noticed a familiar profile in the reflection of the glass. His heart skipped a beat. He turned around and dropped the jar, which shattered loudly, drawing the attention of everyone around him, including… Poe Dameron. Kylo stared, completely awestruck at the sight of the pilot. “It can’t be,” he whispered. Poe casually turned away and resumed his browsing. Kylo cocked his head, confused about Poe’s lack of reaction, but then he remembered that he never actually showed the pilot his face, even when he tallywhacked him. Kylo followed Poe through the market, keeping his distance. But after passing several vendors, he lost him. Kylo began to jog. As he turned a corner, BAM! A board smacked him in the face and he fell backward. “Why were you following me?” Poe demanded, tossing the board aside. “I-I–” Poe kicked him in the ribs, right on his wound. Kylo curled up and moaned. Poe stepped back. That moaning. “Wait. You sound… familiar.” Kylo sat up and gazed into Poe’s twinkling eyes. “Kylo Ren?” Kylo smiled sweetly. “Yes. It’s me, Dameron.” Poe stepped forward and looked down upon the knight. Then, he kicked him in the side again. “OWWW!!! Stop hitting me there! Anywhere but there , for Vader’s sake!” “You left me in that torture chamber!” “Well yeah, you were my prisoner,” Kylo said. Poe kicked his wound a third time. “AUGH!!! I was going to get you out!” “How was I supposed to know that? By the stars, Ren, I thought you were going to have me killed!” “That’s why you escaped with that janitor?” “ Obviously ! I thought that’s how you dealt with all your prisoners! Just fuck ‘em and chuck ‘em!” “Well, I mean, not every time.” Poe moved to kick him again, but Kylo force-pushed his leg away and stood up. “What are you doing here, Dameron?” “None of your business. I should be asking what you’re doing here. Is the fleet with you?” Kylo shook his head. “I defected. This place holds great meaning to me. So if you want to keep your head, I suggest that you and your friends kindly stay out of my business.” “…I’m alone.” “Fine. Stay out of my business, Dameron.” Kylo stormed away, wiping the dirt off his robes. “Pompous dick,” he mumbled. Poe glared at the knight as he disappeared from sight. “Greasy emo asshole…” Chapter 6 : Lake Flaccid Summary: Tensions (and other things) rise! In the days that followed their unexpected encounter, both Poe and Kylo worked hard to avoid one another. Poe felt that he could not betray his friends by succumbing to the knight’s temptation, and Kylo’s pride kept him from openly admitting his true feelings for the pilot. So they each went about their business: Poe enjoying his vacation and Kylo refining his knitting and youngling-murdering skills. On one sultry day, Poe decided to cool off by skinny-dipping in the lake below Kylo’s house. He floated for what seemed like hours at the surface. He was in heaven. The chilly, blue waters licked his tight body, and his toned, brown skin shimmered in the hot sun. Oscar Isaac is one sexy-ass motherfucker. Suddenly, there was a loud splash next to him and he was covered in rags. “What the–?” He pulled the rags off him and hoisted up the thing to which they were attached. He screamed. A little twi’lek boy’s corpse! Poe frantically swam away from the body and ended up next to a small rowboat. And sitting in the boat, folding up a burlap bag, was none other than Kylo-fucking-Ren. “WHAT THE FUCK , REN?! WHAT THE FUCK!!! ” Kylo stared blankly at Poe as he tossed the bag aside. “Dameron. Fine day for a swim.” “And for murdering innocent younglings, I see!” “Dude, it was just a twi’lek. Why don’t you get out of that water? You probably wouldn’t want to know how many corpses you’ve been swimming with.” Poe cried out and scurried into the boat. Kylo stared at his junk with a slight half-smile for a moment before tossing him a towel. Poe hurriedly dried off and covered his genitals. They both sat, silent, as Kylo rowed the boat back to shore. Once they were on dry land, Poe quickly put on his clothes and began to walk away. “So that’s it! No words, nothing,” Kylo shouted. Poe turned around. “What do you want me to say, Ren?” “Oh, I don’t know, maybe you could explain to me how a man can go from obviously enjoying a good bang with me to instantly hating me; maybe you could start there!” Poe stormed back over to Kylo and looked up into his furious eyes. “It wasn’t supposed to be like that. I’m not supposed to be like that. I’m a prominent Resistance pilot, and you are my enemy. What happened on that Star Destroyer was a mistake!” “And I’m to assume that both of us being on Naboo was also a mistake?” “My parents spent some time here when they were falling in love. This place means something to me; something I doubt that your cold, shallow heart could ever understand.” “That’s where you’re wrong, Dameron. My grandfather – you may know him as Darth Vader – he married my grandmother here.” “How sweet. Some tender feelings from the youngling-killer.” Poe glanced down at Kylo’s body; even beneath the black robes he could still make out that cut chest. Kylo rolled his eyes. “You judge me. But exactly how many people did you kill when you single-handedly destroyed my base? Your hypocrisy is astounding, pilot.” “As is your brutality.” “I’ll show you brutality.” Kylo lunged forward and pressed his cold lips against Poe’s. The two of them embraced and hungrily made out, biting each other’s lips and shoving their tongues down their throats. All the tension they’d built up over the past few weeks boiled over and transformed into pure, erotic passion. Neither of them could contain it any longer. Right there, on that Nabooian beach, Kylo ripped off Poe’s clothing and pushed him down onto his hands and knees. “Into the garbage chute, flyboy!” Poe said. Kylo pulled down his pants and humped the pilot like a wookiee in heat. It was the greatest relief either of them had ever felt: Kylo was back to being on top and Poe was back to being on bottom. The universe was in balance again. The ass-fucking lasted what seemed to be ages. There were other people on the beach who covered their eyes, horrified, some running away, and some watching, but neither Poe nor Kylo cared to notice. Let them watch! Their lives led them to this glorious moment. And with one huge, final thrust, Kylo filled Poe with his sith-juice, pulled out, scooped him up, and carried him up the hill to his house. He wasn’t done with him yet! Chapter 7 : 50 Shades Darker Side Summary: Kylo Ren can't catch a fucking break. The morning sun warmed Poe’s eyelids. It had been two days since that fateful day on the beach. He rolled over and felt the other side of the bed, but it was empty. He opened his eyes. “Kylo?” Nothing. The house was empty. Poe lay in bed for what seemed like hours, pondering the unexpected course that his life had suddenly taken. He had just experienced the steamiest, sexiest, gayest space-fucking that George Lucas has ever had to offer. Sexing it up with that pale-ass Tim Burton fanboy was divine . But Poe had gone too far. Kylo would never let him return to the Resistance, and the Resistance would never take him back if they knew what he had done. But you know what? Who the fuck cares? They have other pilots. Yeah. Poe smiled, nodded to himself, and got out of bed. An hour later, he headed into town. Where could Kylo Ren be? Poe tried not to worry. He strolled through the winding streets of the Nabooian village, taking in the sights. As he approached the space airport his heart dropped. A First Order ship! “No, no, no, no, no!” Poe began to sweat and hyperventilate. This couldn’t be happening! A troop of stormtroopers stormed past him. He slipped behind a wall and then stealthily followed them. Wherever they were headed, he was betting that Kylo Ren was involved, and it couldn’t be good. The troops marched toward the edge of a nearby forest, where General Hux, his arms crossed behind his back, faced a tied-up Kylo Ren. Poe’s jaw dropped. He ducked behind a tree. The stormtroopers delivered something to Hux and walked away, leaving Hux and Kylo alone. Hux held up one of the items he had received. It was a happy photo booth strip of Kylo and Poe. From their Naboo carnival date! Hux scowled and pointed at one of the pictures of Poe. “You came in THAT thing? You’re braver than I thought.” He dropped the photo strip on the ground in front of him and rubbed it into the mud with his Nazi boot. Kylo, whose mouth was duct taped, glared at Hux and breathed heavily through his nostrils, his face turning red with fury. Hux paced in a circle around Kylo. “Now. I believe it’s necessary for us to discuss the terms of your punishment. Of course, the punishment for treason is death, but I find that to be a rather quick and hasty judgment. After all, no First Order law stipulates against a bit of S&M fun before the execution, hmm? Perhaps I should slowly cut off your limbs, one by one, since you do so love emulating your grandfather, ohhhh, what was his name now…” Kylo mumbled through the duct tape: “Drrth Vrrdrr! DRRTH VRRDRR!” “Agh! I can never remember. No matter. He was as insignificant and foolhardy as you, I’m sure.” Kylo’s anger filled to the brim; his body shook and his eyes watered. Poe fumed. How dare that soulless Weasley-looking bastard . He slipped away and ran back to town. He had a plan. Hux repeatedly kicked Kylo down into the mud, pulled him up, and slapped him across the face. He then brandished Kylo’s lightsaber and cracked an evil smile. “I think the first thing I’ll slice off is that perfect hair of yours.” He slowly moved the saber close to Kylo’s head. The knight whimpered and curled forward, shying away from the weapon. Hux stopped. “Screw this. I hate you, Kylo Ren. You're a punk-ass bitch, and you are not deserving of my rough trade. It’s better that I just remove your head now.” He lifted the lightsaber high above his head. PEW!!! Kylo fell over in shock. It took a second before he realized what happened. An X-wing fighter zoomed past, over his head, and Hux was gone. Kylo looked around and then noticed the general’s smoking body lying several yards away. The ship had shot him right in the dick. Kylo was elated: Poe saved him, just like in his dreams! "Fuck you, Space-Hitler!!" Poe cried. A few minutes later, Poe had shot down all the stormtroopers, landed his ship, and ran to his knight. He got down on his knees, ripped off the duct tape, and held Kylo’s shoulders. Kylo grinned. “You are one hell of a pilot.” Chapter 8 : Sex-wing Fighter Summary: This is Red 5, going in! Kylo and Poe held hands and strolled along a quiet Nabooian side street as the fourteen suns set on the planet. It was hotter than the devil’s dick, but that didn’t bother them. Poe stopped and pulled his hand away. “Kylo… I’ve been thinking…” Kylo’s heart skipped a beat. Was Poe going to leave him again? “What is it, guapo?” “Kylo,” Poe took a deep breath, “I want to open a Qdoba.” “Seriously?” “I think it would be very lucrative.” Kylo laughed. “Let’s focus on fixing that ship of yours first.” The two of them reached the end of the road and entered the space airport. I guess it’s just called a spaceport. Anyway, they reached the spaceport and began working on Poe’s ship. It had taken some damage when Poe went all Grassy Knoll on Hux the other day. Kylo slipped off his robe, revealing his dirty white wife-beater and holey jeans. He still wore his mask – he usually keeps it on because he’s always kind of self-conscious about the moles on his face and his big ol’ ears. Poe was wearing nothing but a pair of overalls with a black hanky sticking out of his right back pocket. *winkwink* The two of them climbed into the ship. “Nice cockpit,” Kylo muttered. Poe smiled and opened his tool box. “Let’s get to work.” A few hours later, Kylo and Poe had completed most of the repairs; their final task was to fix the jammed laser cannon. Poe stretched and took a deep breath. “This is going to be tricky. I’ll have to hang from the cannon to grease the shaft, then I’ll have to stick this rod reallll deep into the cannon to loosen up the laser-firing thing.” “Whatever you say,” Kylo said. He assisted Poe with his sweaty hard labor. The sun beat down on the two as they got to work on the exterior of the ship. Every once in a while, Poe released one of his hands to wipe his shiny, chiseled face with his hanky. Kylo passed Poe his tools and water. They worked silently, only speaking about the task at hand, so as to pass the time as quickly as possible. Poe was quickly losing strength. As Poe fumbled for a wrench he slipped. “AHH–” “I gotcha,” Kylo said. He had caught Poe with the force. Poe sighed and chuckled as he dangled in mid-air. “Saved me from a 15-foot drop.” “Smartass,” Kylo sneered. “I think that’s enough work for today, pilot.” He wingardium leviosa’d Poe up onto the ship’s wing and they sat together in silence for several minutes, wiping the grease and sweat off their skins, regaining their breath, and bathing in the odor of their sweat and manhood. “Let’s have some fun,” Kylo said, holding up a hammer. “You’re one twisted son-of-a-bitch, Ren,” Poe laughed. “…But I’m not one to say ‘no’ to a little manual labor.” Kylo cracked a smile and lunged at Poe. All manner of greasy objects went into that Guatemalan booty that day: handles, throttles, wrenches, screwdrivers, nozzles… All with the assistance of some heavy-duty industrial lubricant. Kylo went to town with his sexual experiments. Poe was definitely gonna have to see a doctor. Kylo pushed Poe forward. “Get in the motherfuckin' cockpit.” Poe silently submitted. Kylo dropped in after him. “Get on your knees, bitch. I’ve oiled up my blaster.” Poe got down on his hands and knees, gazed up into Kylo’s eyes and said, “Submit your blaster for inspection.” Kylo dropped his jeans and thrust his hips forward. Poe grabbed his meat and ate away at it. The scent of man wafted through the room. It smelled like tortillas. Kylo’s moans were amplified through his mask, which made his voice all deep and sultry. Poe started incorporating his hands, rolling the knight’s balls around and tickling that sith-gooch. He definitely lit Kylo’s saber that day. They rolled around in the cockpit, giggling like a couple of obnoxious younglings. They began engaging in some oily anal when– “KYLO. REN.” Kylo paused, mid-thrust. His heart lurched in his chest. That voice. “Put on your clothes, quick!” he hissed at Poe. They hurriedly threw on their garments, then Kylo opened the X-wing fighter’s steamy canopy, revealing their visitor. “Captain Phasma!” Chapter 9 : Phasma's Phallus Summary: Girls just wanna have fun. “Did you sincerely believe that it would be THIS easy to defy your superior officers, commandeer a First Order vessel, and commit high treason by eloping with this fool?” Phasma shouted. “Phasma, I –” “That's CAPTAIN Phasma to you, Ren. I have to say, you are – by far – the daftest idiot I have ever met. You have betrayed your master, our leader. You have betrayed all the principles that united our cause. But the most infuriating, disgusting transgression you have done? The worst thing of all? Is that you have committed the most vile, unspeakable, sodomous acts of sexual intercourse...” “We were just–” “...and you didn't invite ME.” Phasma unsheathed her strap-on. Poe popped his head above the rim of the ship’s canopy and gazed at Captain Phasma’s towering metallic body and flowing cape. “Oh wow. Aren’t you a little big for a storm trooper?” “Shut up, Poe,” Kylo snapped, pushing his head back down into the cockpit. “No. Both of you. Come down here now,” Phasma said. Kylo and Poe collectively gulped and submitted. Once they were on the ground, facing Phasma, she continued. “I have been contemplating how best to deal with the likes of you. Of course, it is my duty to turn you over to Leader Snoke so that your betrayal and resistance can be dealt with accordingly…” Kylo and Poe nervously glanced at each other. “…but I, too, have needs.” She waved her strap-on at them. Kylo cleared his throat. “Um… But we’re–” “Gay. I know. What a shame.” She sighed. “Looks like I’ll have to go to Snoke after all.” Poe reached toward her arm. “No, wait! Don’t do that! I… uh…” He glanced at Kylo for reassurance. The knight shrugged. “…fine, Captain Phasma. We’ll play your games.” Phasma nodded. “Good. But first we must leave this backwoods dump. I’m no animal.” “You have something against nature?” Poe asked. “I only do it in space.” Phasma ushered Kylo and Poe toward her ship and shoved them inside. She blasted them away from Naboo and stopped the ship somewhere in the cold, dark depths of space. While she adjusted the ship’s controls, Poe leaned toward Kylo and whispered, “She could deliver us to Snoke, or she could murder us out here. How can we trust her?” “We can’t. But we have no choice,” Kylo replied. Phasma stood and left the cockpit, returning a moment later with a dark object tucked under her arm. “This is yours.” She tossed it at Kylo. “Grandfather!” Kylo clutched Darth Vader’s helmet and whispered sweet nothings to it. He looked up at Phasma. “Th-thank you!” “I didn’t do it for you. We will require it.” Poe frowned. “For what?” Phasma brushed some dust off her cape, adjusted her armor, and said, “Now, listen carefully. You cunts are going to do everything I say.” An hour of humiliating fuckery in Phasma’s cockpit passed. The captain sure knew how to neuter a guy. Like Kylo, she had removed all her clothes except for her helmet. Poe, of course, was as naked as the day he was born. Phasma’s vast collection of strap-ons and dildos were all made out of various metals and were as cold and hard as that giant space woman. Kylo and Poe were covered in scrapes and bruises from her brutal thrusts. The whole time, she had ordered Kylo and Poe to collect all their salty white matter into Darth Vader’s helmet. Once a sufficient volume filled the helmet, Phasma leaned back in her ergonomic pilot chair, crossed her legs, and commanded them to drink it. Kylo and Poe exchanged horrified glances and obeyed the captain’s orders, taking turns sipping from the helmet and forcing themselves to swallow. Kylo sipped from a straw since, you know, he always wears his own helmet. But he started to gag and reached to take it off so that he could vomit. “Who gave you permission to remove that helmet?” Phasma said. “S-sorry, captain.” Kylo gulped and brought his shaky hands back down to his sides. Phasma took out a video camera and began recording. “Now… Pick up those anal beads.” When she was sexually satisfied, Phasma returned them to Naboo, landed her ship next to Poe’s, and ushered them toward the door. “And I thought you two smelled bad on the outside . I have no more need of you. The videos should be sufficient for a while. So you may return to felching or snoodling or whatever the hell it is you guys do.” She picked them up with each of her arms, tossed them off her ship, and flew away. Poe turned to Kylo. “What do we do now?” “Food truck. Obviously.” Chapter 10 : The Food Truck Summary: Not just big burritos. Big flavors. Over the next several weeks, Kylo and Poe focused all their energies on converting Poe’s X-wing fighter into a Qdoba food truck that would travel the galaxy delivering 5-star Tex-Mex cuisine with the freshest, most flavorful ingredients from Bespin to Dantooine. The night before the grand opening, Poe and Kylo cuddled together on a cot in the food truck. Poe hid under the blanket, contemplating his future. He and Kylo were two fugitives having lots of fun, but they never really talked much. Was this just a fling? Were they doomed not to last? In the dark, quiet night, Poe was being eaten away by the crippling belief that one day, perhaps, Kylo would abandon him here, leaving him with nothing but these delicious, reasonably-priced burritos. “Hey, Kylo,” he gently whispered. The blanket slowly slipped from his head as Kylo leaned into him, his flowing hair peeking out from under his mask. “Hey, Poe,” Kylo whispered back. He removed his helmet. They kissed and stuff. Poe played with Kylo’s wanger for a bit. “You're so good at that,” Kylo said. “I truly am the best pilot in the Resistance,” Poe said. Kylo chuckled. “That’s great kid. Don’t get cocky.” Poe gently caressed Kylo’s scar from his duel with Rey. “You know, I’ve been too afraid to ask before, but… Did Rey do this to you?” Kylo turned away, ashamed. “I was weak. My mind wandered,” he said, disgraced. “What were you thinking about?” Poe asked, twirling his hair, praying for the answer he desired. Needing to hear his feelings returned. A bond to form between them. A bond he needed. “You,” Kylo Ren said tearfully. “Kylo–” Kylo pressed his finger against Poe’s lips. “Shh, shh… Call me Ben,” he whispered. He wrapped his arms around Poe, and they spooned for several hours (Poe was the little spoon). Ben sniffed Poe’s luscious locks and his ear. “How can you see into my eyes… like open doors?” Ben asked. He paused and continued, “Hold on… I have an idea.” He removed his lightsaber from his belt and moved toward Poe’s butthole. “No, don’t–!” “Don’t worry, Poe. The crossguards will protect your butt cheeks.” He slid the hilt inside Poe’s body, twisting it while pinching his nipple. Then, he crawled on the other side of Poe and turned on the saber, causing the bed to catch on fire. But Ben suppressed the flames with his force powers, which was pretty cool. It was so hot and stuff. But even more surprising than the impromptu campfire was Ben’s sudden decision to go down on Poe. The pilot was as shocked as Ben was nervous. This was unfamiliar territory for the master of the Knights of Ren. The only thing that Ben had willingly blown before was a solar system… up. But if Darth Vader could conquer the galaxy, then damnit, Ben could find a way to conquer every role in gay lovemaking. This pilot was something special. Keeping his mind focused on his grandfather, Ben licked, sucked, raspberried, motorboated, deepthroated, and nibbled on Poe’s delicious member. Poe arched his back, moaned, and fired that sunkissed blaster. Ben swallowed. At that moment, his force was awakened. Chapter 11 : Epilogue: Nineteen Years Later Summary: About as disappointing as the Harry Potter one. “Honey, I’m home!” Ben shut the front door, loosened his tie, went into the kitchen, and dropped his briefcase on the dining table. He was wearing his mask and a business suit. Poe was slaving over a hot stove, wearing a flowery apron and holding a toddler in one arm. His hair was in shambles and he had dark circles under his eyes. “That’s not where that goes,” he said, pointing at the briefcase. “Oh, well excuse me , Poe, for bringing home the bacon so you and the younglings can eat,” Ben said. He took a beer out of the fridge and chugged the whole bottle. “Daddy, Daddy!” The other five younglings ran downstairs and tackled Ben against the counter. “Alright, younglings, alright!” Ben said, pushing them away and grabbing another beer. “Younglings, leave Daddy alone and go back to your studies!” Poe shouted, pointing a wooden spoon at their backpacks. The younglings dropped their heads, grabbed their backpacks, and filed into the den to work on their homework. Poe sighed and put the toddler he was holding into a high chair. “Darth and Vader failed their math midterms today. Anakin got into another fight, and Helmet put gum in some girl’s hair.” “I told you we adopted too many boys,” Ben said. “Hayden Christensen is getting too big for that high chair, by the way.” “I know, Ben, I know. I Hate Sand, turn off the TV and do your homework!” Poe took a casserole out of the oven and continued cooking at the stove. Ben finished his beer and sat at the table. “The board turned down my proposal.” “What?! Why, what the fuck happened?” “Well, Poe, apparently people don’t have any more faith in giant space stations shaped like fuckin' balls that can fire fuckin' lasers at planets anymore. They said the last three didn’t go so well, and the investors are apprehensive.” “But maybe you could–” Ben slammed his fist on the table. Hayden Christensen started crying. “IT DOESN'T FUCKING MATTER ANYMORE, POE! It’s over! Just drop it!” “How are we going to ever pay off our mortgage if your proposals keep getting rejected, Ben?! Ever since the food truck failed, our lives have gone downhill. We have six boys to think about!” “You don’t think I know that? I’m doing everything I can here! Stop patronizing me, Poe. I am the man of this house and I will get some GODDAMN respect!” The other five younglings nervously looked up from their books. They hated it when their daddies fought. “All I want is for us to pay off this house, get out of debt, and start saving for the younglings’ college tuitions,” Poe mumbled. “And all I want is for you to start performing better in bed.” “Ha! Perhaps first you should start performing at all in bed.” Ben force-pushed Poe against the fridge and glared at him for several seconds. “Not. another. word.” Poe wiped the tears from his eyes, untied his apron, and threw it on the ground. “Dinner’s ready,” he said, storming from the kitchen and running upstairs. All was not well. The end.