General Hux sighed in annoyance. Kylo Ren was having another one of his childish tantrums and as per usual, one of Hux’s soldiers was the collateral damage. In an army that was billions strong one soldier didn’t make much of a difference; but Hux preferred to keep his men’s confidence and letting one after another fall victim to Kylo’s lightsaber didn’t do much credit to his rank. Luckily, this one hadn’t been killed - just severely asphyxiated, but now it fell to Hux to reprimand the Knight about his astounding lack of self-control. Hux’s elevator swiftly reached the level where the incident had occurred. He stepped out, walking briskly towards the room where, judging by the robotic screams and the sound of metal being sliced through, Kylo was still hellbent on destroying yet another control panel. To most men, the prospect of facing Kylo Ren alone was enough to make them turn and run in the opposite direction, but Hux was not most men. To him, the Sith apprentice was no more than a whiny, dramatic creature, obsessed with his less-than honorable family legacy. It caused Hux no small amount of anger that Ren had somehow maneuvered himself to become a competitor for the favor of Lord Snoke, a burning frustration that at this point, the usually unruffled general was having a hard time concealing. The sound of expensive computers and holo-tech being reduced to pieces of metal made Hux inwardly wince. Coming into the entryway of a small contact room, Hux surveyed the scene. In front of the charred remains of what had been a holo-board stood the dark, masked figure of Kylo Ren, red lightsaber in hand. Hux’s eyes quickly ran down the cost of each object that would have to be replaced, around 15,000 credits worth of tech -- ugh he could already imagine how many damages reports he’d have to file. Hux cleared his throat audibly, smartly clicking his heels so as to catch the masked knight’s attention. “Lord Ren,” Hux’s voice rang out, bestowing the title contemptuously. He didn’t turn around, just stood there, breathing heavily in a manner almost laughably reminiscent of his predecessor Darth Vader. Typical. “I would appreciate if you could abstain from sending my men to the infirmary every time you suffer from personal disappointment. It’s not wise for them to believe that by aiding you in further missions they may be signing their own death sentences. It makes the First Order appear, ah, less than orderly.” Hux let the shadow of a smirk fall across his face as his jabbing words caused Kylo’s shoulders to visibly tense. He turned slowly towards where Hux stood blocking the doorway. Sheathing his lightsaber, Kylo reached up and to Hux’s surprise, took off his helmet. With the helmet now lying at his feet, he appeared a lot less calculating and inhuman. Kylo Ren unmasked was not a sight Hux saw often, but every time he did see his rival’s face he was struck by how young and ...unassuming he appeared. He had a pale face, framed with tousled black curls that lent him an air of femininity. In his dark brown eyes however, there lay an overpowering combination of deep inner conflict, rage, and a lust for power - eyes that threatened to draw Hux into the depths of Kylo’s emotions and smother him. He saw in Kylo motives that mirrored Hux’s own, the desire to prove himself, to succeed where the Empire had failed. It was such similar desires that lead to the fiercely competitive nature of their relationship. “ I was just told, General, that our prisoner had escaped.” said Kylo Ren through clenched teeth. He almost shook with effort to keep himself under control, revealing more of his inability to restrain his emotions. “I think that you of all people can understand my irritation,” he spat these last words out, and in one swift motion flicked out his lightsaber and swung it through the object nearest to him - a communications board worth 3,000 credits. Brilliant, Hux thought. More Destruction. Shaking with anger Kylo Ren stared into the smoking remains, as if trying to wrest from them the reason for the spy’s escape through sheer willpower. Hux rolled his eyes at the man’s theatrics, “Exercise some self control would you?” he snapped. “It’s not my job to come running after you, picking up the pieces of every computer you butcher and soldier you dismember. If I recall it was you who made the decision to let that bounty hunter scum escort the resistance spy to his cell. A decision, which I did advise against. You should never trust men like him, the only loyalty they know is to the highest paying client. You never learn, you are completely at the mercy of your emotional outbursts. Lord Snoke would have done better to outfit me with complete control over both you and the First Order.This is my ship, Ren, and from now on I will be in charge you childish, desperate -- at this Hux was suddenly cut off as he felt his airway constrict painfully. For a second his mind floundered in blank panic and shock, then registered the man advancing on him, arm outstretched and fingers contorted as if at that moment they physically lay around Hux’s throat. And this...sent a strange thrill through the General. He was aware that his his feet weren’t touching the ground anymore and yet the more he struggled for breath and the more excruciating the chokehold was, Hux was oddly pleased. Looking into Ren’s rage clouded eyes, for the first time he felt respect for his rival, as if this display of dominance had heightened the stakes of their power struggle. He wanted this, had wanted this for a long time, for Ren to be pushed over the edge and do something as reckless as trying to do Hux bodily harm. “You were saying General?” Ren inclined his head, smirking slightly even though his voice had quivered. His eyes held a manic glint in them, the eyes of a man standing over a precipice who is willing to take anyone else down with him. Suddenly he released Hux, who fell in a pile onto the ground. Gasping for breath, Hux took a few minutes to master himself before slowly standing in a dignified manner. Inwardly, The General was quite alarmed at the thoughts that had just infiltrated his mind and was determined to push away the sudden arousal he’d felt in Ren’s chokehold. He wondered if he could further incite the man to more...drastic measures...No. Hux was a man governed by reason, not by any carnal desires of the flesh that lesser life forms were driven by. “I believe I was accusing you of incompetence.” said Hux, his voice still rasping from want of oxygen. He looked Ren directly in the eye, allowing himself a brief smug smile at the man’s uneasy reaction to Hux’s quick composure. If Kylo Ren wanted to play mind games with Hux, then Hux was more than ready to face him, head on. “I’m sure the Supreme Leader will be most displeased to hear that you allowed such a valuable source of information slip through your fingers. I wonder if he might even start to reconsider your capabilities as a Sith Lord. For your sake, I hope he doesn’t.” “You-” Ren gritted his teeth, grabbing Hux by the collar and slamming him into the wall next to the entryway. The portal door slammed shut - a sign to Hux that he was completely at the other man’s mercy. Hux felt the color rising in his cheeks at their close proximity. “Let. Me. Go. Now.” Hux hissed, trying to put as much force as he could into the words without overstraining his already raw windpipe. “No General. You listen to me.” Ren’s voice was almost coming in gasps it shook so much, with a mixture of both excitement at where he had Hux and anger at Hux’s obvious refusal to bow to the position Kylo had put him in. “You’ve patronized me for far too long. You treat me like a child, when I am more powerful than you can even imagine! You know Lord Snoke favors me and it frustrates you -- you wish you had the powers I have. But you don’t have them, so you rely on technology and a billion man army to do your dirty work...you can never feel the Force, can never feel its power. So you’ve become what you can control, a machine. A mockery of a human being.” Kylo’s face was tilted towards Hux, and he was so close that he could feel the warmth of his breath. “Are you implying that I’m jealous of you Ren?” Hux asked in a dangerously soft voice. “Me. Jealous of You?” Ren’s eyes betrayed his inner misgivings about what he’d just said as they darted over The General’s face. Using the Knight’s momentary lapse in concentration Hux ordered, “Now, Take your hands off me or I swear -,” “What do you swear, General?” asked Kylo softly. His gaze intensifying and causing Hux’s attraction to him to come bubbling dangerously close to the surface. Hux had never considered the benefits of using sex as a tool in power plays but just now the option was beginning to look quite...attractive. The First Order, like the Empire before it, strongly discouraged its officers from having any sort of romantic or sexual attachments that might distract them from their patriotic duty. These suggestions were ones that Hux strictly adhered to as a rule, but then again, most First Order officers didn’t have to work alongside a temperamental Sith Lord in training. Hux reached up suddenly, tangling his fingers in Kylo’s dark curls and forcing the man’s lips down to his level. “I swear you’ll regret it.” he whispered. At this he kissed Kylo, deeply, aggressively, unforgivingly. Kylo seemed taken aback at first, but quickly he matched Hux’s pace, determined even in this to prove himself the dominant one. He bit into Hux’s lip and when they broke apart, gasping for air Hux felt a flush of pleasure when he could taste blood. He used his other hand to encircle Ren’s waist, bringing them so close together that Hux could feel every muscle in the other man’s body pressed up against him. He ground his hips into Kylo’s and pulled anxiously on his hair, forcing him back into a kiss that Ren soon broke. This time the hands around Hux’s throat were there in the flesh, not just through some trick of the Force. Hux could feel them crushing his windpipe, could almost picture the purple bruises blooming on his skin. That image alone was what made Hux utter a very faint whimpering gasp. Ren began to very deliberately and slowly kiss along his jawline. Kisses that were hard. Kisses meant to hurt. Hux couldn’t breath. He could barely think through this narcotic blend of both pain and pleasure. Ren let his throat go and Hux would’ve dropped again to the floor if he hadn’t been so tightly wedged between Kylo’s body and the wall. He had only a second's relief before Kylo began to both kiss and bite his neck, a whole new sensation that caused the Hux to moan for the first time in his life. In the small part of his brain not being overtaken by Kylo Ren, Hux swore at himself in disgust. Of all the people to make Hux lose control like this, why did it have to be Ren? Of course that voice too was brushed away, and Hux began instead to move towards taking control of the kiss again. He grabbed at the front of Ren’s robes and slide his tongue along the front of kylo’s lips. He broke from this kiss for only one second to murmur “I hate you” to which Ren vaguely made a noise in agreement. After about another 5 minutes worth of this deep, pervasive kissing they finally drew apart. Hux briefly entertained the notion of letting Ren take him, right here and now but decided that he’d rather not compromise his dignity by letting his men find their leader having intercourse with a man he’d so strongly advertised hatred for. Both Hux and Kylo Ren seemed to become cognizant of the fact that their bodies were still closely intertwined. Hux quickly shoved the taller man off of him, to which Ren simply backed up and picked up his helmet. They both were silent for a minute. “General, I’d, uh, pull up your collar if I were you.” Ren finally said. Hux quickly turned to one of the chrome platings on the wall and assessed the state of his dress. He straightened his uniform, and blushing fiercely, pulled his collar higher to hide the bruise marks left by Ren. His hair was a complete mess, he noticed with annoyance, and so he moved to straighten that out as well. His face still had a few red marks on it, and he turned to Kylo, pointing them out. “Don’t ever do this to me again. Not where people can see them.” “What about where people can’t see them.” Kylo snidely remarked. “Well, I leave that to your discretion.” said Hux staring point blank at him while raising an eyebrow. There was suddenly a knock at the door. “General Hux, this is Officer Hamadi. You were reportedly sent to contain the situation with Lord Ren, is it...contained?” at this last word the younger officer let a note of fear slip into his voice. Hux looked pointedly at Ren, who sighed and waved a hand to raise the door, turning away as he did so as to hide his face. “Yes, thank you Officer. The situation has been...contained.” he sent a sidelong glance in Ren’s direction. “I trust Lieutenant Stroiker is doing all right?” The thin, delicate brunette nodded. “Yes sir, he’s doing just fine, they have him on a respirator while they repair his esophagus but they say he’ll be able to breathe, talk, and eat again by the end of the week.” “You’re dismissed Hamadi, Tell the bridge I’ll be reporting for duty in 4 minutes.” “Yes sir. Thank you sir.” the officer saluted and left the two alone. After his footsteps died away, Ren turned towards Hux once again. “what we just did. That was…” “Invigorating I’m sure.” Hux said, not sure exactly what to now make of the situation. Kylo glared at him. “I trust you know General, that my feelings for you haven’t changed. I still think you're an arrogant prick.” “Then you’ll understand when I tell you, Lord Ren,” Hux said as he moved towards the portal entrance. “That the feeling is mutual.” and he gave Ren a small sardonic smile before sweeping out of the room, leaving the older man staring at the door with a mixture of indignation and begrudging respect written plainly on his face. Oh yes, Hux decided. Sex could be a definitely interesting way to try and tip the power balance in his favor. Notes: I don't know if I should write more! My next chapter would be smut if I wrote it but I am uncomfortable with writing extremely explicit sex! Ah please tell me what you guys would like from me! also sorry about the format i'm still figuring this website out