Summary: Some people say holding on is unhealthy "Stop making fun of my hair!" "I wasn't making fun of it, I called it cute you stupid flyboy!" 9 year old Ben defends, stomping his foot. Poe crinkles his nose then tries throwing his fist but his kicking legs are lifted in the air. "Alright squirts I think that's good," Han says to them, "Great insult Benny, your mom said the same thing to me." Poe goes limp so Han will set him back down. Poe respects the two of them enough to not run at Ben when his feet hit the ground, but it doesn't mean he cares about acting grown up, he avoids Ben's gaze in favor of pouting at the ground. A small hand touches his face and he glances up to meet Ben's eyes. He blushes and Ben laughs. That's when Poe hits him in the stomach. ##### "Shut up, I could've done this without you, you harpy !" "Yet here I am! Oh wow!" 17 year old Poe gasps exaggerately and it earns him an elbow in the side. He's not upset, just, when Ben asked him to come and look at something 'stunning and he just had to show Poe', he expected more along the lines of trying to impress Poe. It would've been nice, but instead Ben came up with a shaky explanation about this cool pilot he met. oh she's beautiful, curly hair and these really pretty eyes and oh wow she's just the world and the whole damn system, she must've hung the stars all by herself! Okay maybe he's a little bit upset. A pilot? Really ? Poe's right there, waiting, a pilot , but no, whatever because apparently some other pilot is just as good of a replacement- And they get to have Ben in all his royal glory, lean muscled frame, and long black hair pulled back in a ponytail- damn how he wants to be the one undoing his best friends ponytail. But he couldn't . Because that's all that Ben saw them as, best friends. "Poe." He looks up from his feet and stops before he can ram right into Ben's back. Poe almost sighs, it's even their tree! Their tree, with its limbs tangled up in small, twinkling lights and a bushel of Ithorian roses- literally impossible to get here wow - that certainly weren't there before. She even gets a pretty damn flower. He feels the tears threatening to spill from his eyes. He's so jealous it's stupid and he swallows back his pride, imagining the lucky girl that Ben gets to swing around when she's shocked and laughing. The stupid smile she'll put on his face... Ben didn't do this for him, it's for someone else. Poe immediately looks away and clears his throat. "Yeah it's great." "Poe I-" "M'sure she'll love it." He turns to leave and Ben's hands snatch his wrist, causing him to stumble back into Ben's arms. "Woah Ben-" He starts, digging his heels into the grass just as Ben hoists him back to his feet, then spins him to press up against his chest. Ben ducks his head down and his chapped lips press gently to his, like a ghost of his touch and it clicks in his head. He really likes Ithorian roses. He opens his eyes when Ben pulls back and he stares over every feature of Ben's face, never having had the chance to see them so close. All the pretty little beauty marks that he'd always wanted a full view of. He looks at Ben's lips, then slaps him across the face. Honestly he couldnt really say why he did it, the force Poe hit him with sends him to the ground but Ben catches himself on the grass with his elbow trying to cushion the fall as he lands on his side. His other hand goes straight for the blossowing hand mark Poe had already left on his jaw. Admittedly, Poe feels a bit bad and sits on his hips, trying to cradle his jaw with his hand pressed up against Ben's larger one in a sorta, ' sorry I knocked your face out ' kinda gesture. "Stupid, this was so bad ." Ben gives him a sheepish smile and Poe grins back. "I'm gonna go ahead and believe that the whole pretty eye thing was about me." Ben snorts. "I thought you had me figured out when I said curly hair." "It's not that curly." "I think it's cute." Poe smiles. Ben leans up to kiss him again. ##### Poe's nineteen and Ben's only a year younger when Ben pins him down to his bed. "You're beautiful Poe." He gasps as teeth sink into the junction where his shoulder meets neck. "I have flight practice in ten minutes Ben!" He tries to reason, yet a smile tugs his lips, let's a small moan slip out as Ben kisses his way down Poe's bare chest. "You're also not good at putting up a fight." "I don't want to fight you." "Say no and I'll stop." "Hmm, what are you going to do then?" He stretches and almost let's out a purr as Ben nibbles the skin along his ribs. "I think I might - finally - fuck you for that long long time I was promising.." He raises an eyebrow and glances down at Ben, "If that's okay with you?" "Don't make empty threats with me Benny boy." "When have I ever done that?" Ben murmurs against his skin as he kisses farther down. "I could think of a few times..." He teases. "Now's not one of those times." Ben assures with a smile Poe can feel against his stomach. "Oh really?" Ben looks up, and shakes his head, giving him another smirk. "No." ##### Poe never got to see his Ben after that. He might've missed ten minutes of his flight practice but Leia gave him an excuse when she finally saw a grin lighting up her son's face as he walked him to class. He feels like it might've disappeared again when Ben left him in his room in the middle of that next night, having to finally get back to his Jedi training. After two long weeks of pure bliss and only one missed fly practice, he smiles sleepily at the ruffled sheets and BB-8 nudges his hand dangling off the edge of the bed. When he heard the news two weeks later, there was no worry about showing up to flight practice, there was no worry about not walking around the base disheveled. There was no worrying about it, not only because there was no Ben. But because Ben was dead. ##### They're the only memories he doesn't want to use against Kylo. He's terrified of the Sith destroying the most important things in his life, and knowing him. Knowing him, who he loved with his entire soul and being, the man Kylo Ren had murdered. But more and more walls are torn down and he screams. He doesn't want to, he doesn't. Yet there's a time where he has to consider the Resistance and all the safety it stands for. His safety he'd give up to protect it. He throws one of Leia Organa first. The woman was laughing as Poe was dragged in, muddy and wet along with a grinning Ben, who was in a pretty much simliar state. Han behind them with a fake face of dissapointment that he can't hide from turning into into a smirk as Ben and Poe turn to grin at him. Kylo's hand falters, but he presses harder and Poe grits his teeth. He drags on the memory. "He started it!" Poe gasps in betrayal and hits Ben on the arm. Ben sweeps him in muddy hug and Leia and Han laugh. His hand stops and Poe's chest heaves. "You okay over there Mr. 'Where is it?' Did you find it, maybe need a bit of blood, screams of terror? Maybe some tears? I can give you those. They might be fake but hey, that's not your face anyway so we're both kinda lying to each other here." He babbles then notices fresh blood is trickling from his lip and he wiggles uncomfortably against the binds. Kylo quickly gets in his face and is about to press his fingers back to Poe, which is when he immediately shoves a memory at him. "You're going to hurt yourself Ben." He says, he has to tilt his head back and shield his eyes from the sun. "I have to get your disk thingy!" "I'll be fine without it!" He says, his head clouding with worry, "I won't be fine without you!" "So you do love me!" A child Ben crows back. "Shut up!" Poe stomps his feet to no avail, it's not like Ben can see him anyway, too busy being stubborn and focusing on the disk he threw into a tree. If it also means he can't see the blush on his cheeks, then well that's just fine too. The overwhelming feeling of love must throw the Sith off -maybe he's never felt it the cold hearted scum - because his hand shakes. "I think, I'm going to love you forever." Poe blinks at their intertwined fingers and sweaty bodies drying cool under the sheets. Ben's beautiful face is cast in the moonlight and he can't help but feel safe at the steady pulse in Ben's arm cushioned under his head. "I think I love you too." He whines at the dull pain in his head and shoves the memory back into the recession of his mind, far away so it can't hurt him further even as Kylo growls in pain, clutching his helmet tightly as he falls to his knees. Huh, it's going both ways. Poe might be oh so devastatingly heartbroken at the sight but he can't help but sag in relief. His muscles are tense but they loosen away from the intense pressure and he sighs happily, gladly taking the few moments of break to prepare his defenses. Even if they'll inevitably fall after a few more minutes of torture. A few moments of peace turns into maybe a minute and he has to force his head up. "So about that whole tear refreshment thing..." Kylo huffs and he sits up straight like there's a rod in his back, his hands having since fallen to rest on his knees. Something about the way the man carries himself clicks in his head. He watches in newfound interest as Kylo shakes his head and takes of the helmet. Flowing dark locks fall from the helmet and he squints. Kylo stands, his tall and proud posture sticking to his spine as he straightens up to the good maybe 6, 6'3 feet of his full height. His mind is filled with a sudden voice that isn't his yelling in his head as Kylo turns around, 'Look away' He doesn't, he's never been good at listening. It's something mom said he'd either need one day or it'd possibly be the end of him. Like any other eight year old, he shook it off. Right now, he can't decide if he'd rather his world end or regret not having listened. Ben stares back at him. It's not my Ben , is what he's tries telling himself. Yet instead, as he shrinks back against the table and retakes in the sight of Kylo Ren, he really isn't so sure. He's definitely grown. The last time he saw Ben he was filling in his features. Slight muscle and baby fat was slowly shedding. Now it's completely gone, revealing his everlasting sharp cheekbones and slight muscle went to definite muscle that had Poe glancing over more than once, more than he had to when he was just an enemy in his eyes. Despite Ben having the makings of a handsome man in all areas, Poe's personal favorite had always been his face. He'd study beauty marks and brush his finger across his nose that Ben had hated. It's still he same nose and all the same markings. And the eyes, the dark, brown eyes have gone from warm, the warm that blinked at him when they woke up and the warm that danced with joy as kids, they've gone cold. Yet he still feels love scream against the confines of his chest, and the sense of mine, that's min e throbs in his heart. Kylo leans in and Poe catches a quick darted glance at his lips before the intimidation tactics come back. "I disgust you don't I? Now, that I'm not what you remembered. Not what you wanted." Kylo spits out the words, like he's waiting for confirmation. Poe doesn't anwser. "You know I can take whatever I want." Kylo's deep voice swirls around the words in his head while Kylo gives his head a tiny shake before looking back up. He swipes his tongue over his blood battered lips. Kylo traces the motion with his eyes before they meet again. "You know I don't like empty threats Ben ." He doesn't stiffen as Kylo's lips press his. He relaxes and feels like he's home again. It should be a fake, false home, but it's so so real as Kylo deepens the kiss and swipes his tongue over Poe's. As Poe tastes the man he thought was dead. But Kylo pulls away too soon and examines his eyes, he's scared, terrified as he looks for something. "I would slap you but I'm strapped to a chair - uh table thing." Poe offers with a small, nervous smile. Kylo snorts and he can't help but lean up to peck his lips again. Kylo relaxes under him and presses closer where Poe can't. Kylo bites his lip just like he use to and he can feel a wound reopen and a bit of blood trickle from his mouth. Kylo's hands find his face in a apology, his hands have always been able to fit Poe's cheeks perfectly and his thumbs make circles on the tip of his jaw. His tense shoulders fall and he feels Kylo's breath hit his lips in a sigh. Kylo gives a swipe of his tongue before he tapers off with pecks on his lips. He rests their foreheads back together and Poe closes his eyes to the comfort, the corners of his lips tug up and he absorbs the feeling of them puffing hot breaths against each others lips. Kylo's hands slowly span his neck until he settles at his shoulders. Kylo kisses his smile at the corner before he pulls back again and Poe lazily opens his eyes. He looks back into dark brown eyes and his heart nearly splits in two. All previous semi-bliss tossed to the windows as he looks into the eyes of the scared boy he loved- loves. "Why did you go?" The question feels like a heavy blanket draped over the entire room. The low buzz of the air tunes down to nothing and heavy breaths halt. Kylo pulls away slowly like Poe snapped at him and Poe deflates, he made a wrong move. He takes away a hand, moving the other to his forehead. "I'm- sorry." Kylo grabs his mask off the ground and slips it back over his head. Poe ignores him. He lost. "Let's get this over with." Kylo holds his breath as Poe starts screaming. No memories of two teenagers come his way. Trees, rebel bases and friends do. Then concerned friends. A vigil. The sounds of crying. More vigils. Pain, grief, regret. So many memories but the ones Kylo was expecting. Those seemed to now be locked away in some chamber in Poe's mind. Not the one Kylo's looking for but he just, he just wanted a glance . But as he tears down barrier after barrier and blood starts to trickle out of Poe's mouth, Kylo gets closer, tearing down a last memory of a dark room and the eternal feeling of loneliness it feels. His knees feel weak but he sees it. A familiar BB-8 unit back on Jakku. Kylo backs away from Poe'slumped beautiful form, slumped over and now unconcious, and sweeps out of the room hurriedly before he changes his mind. He makes a mental note to go and get a medic for him, to take care of him, after he reports to Hux. ##### Poe doesn't hesitate helping his new friend off the base. They're in the t-fighter they stole and Poe's high on adrenaline, ignoring all the fury that isn't his building in his chest as he asks for his accomplices name. "FN-2187!" He blinks and takes breath, the wrongness of it coming to his mind. "FN- whaa?" "That's the only name they ever gave me!" FN explains defensively. ' Oh hell no.' Poe thinks. "Well I ain't using it! FN, huh? Finn. I'm gonna call you Finn! That all right?" "Finn. Yeah, ' Finn ', I like that! I like that!" Poe grins as he dodges shots, he likes it too. "I'm Poe. Poe Dameron." "Good to meet you, Poe!" "Good to meet you too, Finn!" And it is, amongst the thrill and relief of escaping, he has the joy of making a new friend, Finn . Yet something, matching his feelings about the sudden realization he had to meet about Be-Kylo a few hours ago, pain, sadness, there's only one thing that's explicitly not his and it's the first sign that somethings probably really off here. Something he can't focus on right now as the destroyer shoots laser after laser at them and issues a dispatch of fighters. Anger . ##### The next time he sees Kylo everyone's yelling in victory as they count down to the Starkiller base's destruction. He has a handful of new friends, Finn and Rey, who he desperately hopes have gotten off alive. But that's the moment he catches a glimpse of the Millenium Falcon, still obviously not taking off. So that could quickly be a no. His smile at his friends joking antics fades into the background with their voices and orders to hurry, countdowns until it all blows. "Hey guys, keep going." He orders before he sweeps his fighter down to smoothly land next to the ship. What doesn't matter to him is what everyone's screaming over the comms and the desperate beeping BB-8 is making. He snatches the necklace swinging carelessly back and forth from his dash and shoves it in his pocket. His heart is pounding, but there's no way in hell he's getting an new record of leaving friends on this godforsaken, soon-to-be remnant of a First Order base. Even though Finn was a seemingly mindless stormtroopers before they met, if he had known a man with a heart of gold that rivaled any resistance pilot's was being forced to murder, even then he would've done everything he could to get him out. He's not leaving either of them now. Poe hops out of the ship to see Chewie helping Han into the Falcon. He squints. He can't recall a time he's seen Han so dejected and that's when it clicks. Kylo's in the woods. And from the lack of friends he's seeing helping their newfound idol hobble faster, Poe suspects they're with him. He'll kill them. He quickly hits the release on BB-8 and nudges his friend away as it slams against his ankles with terrified beeps. "BB I know, go with Han okay? I have to get him back." Poe's tone leaves no question and he watches his friend roll smoothly towards Chewie and nudge under Han's hand. The wookie who always appeared as an uncle to him and Ben, he immediately recognizes the droid and looks directly at Poe dissapearing into the woods. Poe keeps running, dodging branches that might slap him in the face, he jumps over bushes and tramples through the undergrowth towards the sound of lightsabers clashing. He ignores Chewie's desperare roar behind him, with a small mental note to apologize later as his foot catches on a fallen tree, sending him tumbling into an obviously newly destroyed, makeshift clearing. His attention snaps up to blue and red lighting up the small area. He watches in complete devastation as Kylo tries bringing the lightsaber down over his friends head. Rey's knocked out against a tree and Finn's sweating as he tries holding up against the trained Jedi. He can't win, Poe thinks desperately as his hand quickly fumbles for the blaster at his side. Poe doesn't hesitate for a even a second to aim and shoot Kylo in his foot. He watches Kylo fall and his lightsaber turn off, hitting the snow with a thud. Finn snatches it out of its newfound hole and shoves it down in the pocket of their jacket, a grin fueled by adrenaline wide on his face. He shoots Poe the grin and Poe nods, scrambling out of the snow and running over to cradle Kylo while Finn handles Rey. Kylo's eyes are full of sadness and pain and a trace of betrayal. Poe feels the emotions like they're in his own chest, the sudden feeling is like a punch in the gut and his heart breaking yet again, all at once. He better get this over with before one of them changes their mind. His fist hits Kylo smack dab in the center of the face and he goes limp. Seeing him this peaceful, he wonde- "Let's get the hell out of here!" Finn's voice turns him back to his friend with Rey hanging over his shoulder. He would grin if a sudden sense of indignation hadn't came over him "I'm not leaving him!" He yells back. "The First Order will get him, they're probably on their way right now!" He doesn't reply, only turning to look at Finn with tears in his eyes. Finn halts and Poe feels only slightly bad for hitting him right in his soft spot. But Finn groans and dashes over to him, helping pull his former boss out of the snow and lug him on both of their shoulders. "All of my friends, are insane." Finn mutters as they hobble quickly to the Falcon, Poe grins at the confirmation of their friendship. Chewie runs to them as they come back out of the trees, immediately snatching Kylo in his arms, making a few roars that confuse Finn as they both climb onboard the ship. "Hey are you going to?" Finn ends his question with a nod towards his fighter. Poe gives it a glance then looks back at Chewie dissapearing down a hall as the hatch slowly closes behind them. "Eh we don't have time." Poe anwsers with one last glance at his beloved fighter. He glances up at Han giving him a look from the cockpit. He gives the man a confirming nod and Han nods, going back in behind the controls. Chewie walks past and tells them to get settled before they take off. He follows Finn back to the den and falls into the seat around the chess table. Finn lays Rey down on another couch before moving to sit across from him. They sit there and feel the sudden jolt of hyperspace before Finn says anything. "Why did you want to save him?" Finn asks quietly. He glances up and the trooper looks him dead in the eyes. "It was wrong to leave him." Poe lies. "You know the First Order would've picked him up." "We don't-" Finn cuts him off with a raised eyebrow. They sit in silence again, Finn not pressuring him to anwser immediately so he takes a deep breath. "I knew him." Poe wanted to elaborate, to get it all off his chest but he can't. He can't figure out the words to explain that he was in love with Ben Solo, and that he could still possibly be in in love with Kylo Ren. The cheering over comms crackling to life cuts him off anyway, Finn let's him let it go with a hand on his shoulder. "The base is gone guys!" Han relays with a joyous yell over all the commotion going on from over the comms. He enjoys his friends joy as all distraction from the silence, Han has to feel the same as he let's it go on. Poe pushes off the seat and goes to give Chewie a big hug, him and Han squishing him in all sandwich. "Thank you." He hears Han mutter. Chewie makes a noise of agreement. Poe hugs Han tighter, taking a last inhale of his comforting scent before he scuffs Chewie and walks back to Finn and Rey. Rey might've been knocked out but she's already awake, petting Finn as he cries into her stomach. She's still laying on the couch so Finn must not of let her get far. She's running her fingers through his short hair when she sees Poe standing worriedly at the door. "Happy crying." Rey reassures. Poe grins and feels his eyes wet as she motions him over and tugs him down by the neck so she can nuzzle his head into her shoulder like a half hug. Poe pulls Finn into their own hug against his legs while he's at it. Finn cries harder and gives Poe's calve a squeeze before Poe backs away. Rey's immediate attention goes back to Finn. He looks around to find BB-8 resting in the corner and takes the lack of focus on him to walk off towards the hall where Chewie had disappeared with Kylo. He shoves open a huge door and finds a cell, he finds Kylo shivering in a corner, his hand covering binders tucked to his chest along with his knees. The strong man that tortured him is gone. Back is the teenage boy who cried in Poe's lap when he had to leave. Longer, leaner muscle is folded until Kylo's now 6 foot something frame is made to seem small as he's curled into a ball. Something propels him forward to unlock the cage with a simple scan of his finger recognizing him as Poe Dameron. He doesn't pay attention to what the Falcon classifies him as, instead shoving his way into the cell. Poe's heart pounds as he rushes over, hits his knees and wraps Kylo in his arms, resting his chin over black curls and pets slowly, then brings his nose down, bringing in the sweet smell of Kylo himself. He runs his hand down the span of Kylo's back and back up, repeating the motion. Even though the crying doesn't stall or trip up, take even a minor break, Poe keeps holding him. ##### Poe wakes up to Kylo still in his lap, now a dead weight sleeping. He groans and untangles his fingers from Kylo's. Which is when he realizes.... He was holding Kylo's hand. He shocks almost utterly still as he looks at the crumpled metal on the floor, finding that Kylo's other hand is wrapped around his lower back. Poe shakes off the sudden cold terror and tugs him closer, relaxing his fingers back on his shoulders and tugging him tighter, as if the gangly limbed boy is still the one awkwardly elbowing his stomach. Kylo wakes up a minute after. Poe feels the soft muscles tense and heat pours off him as the man slowly checks his surrounding. Poe waits, bracing himself. Instead of a sudden snap of anything, anything fragile maybe, Kylo sits up, Poe's arms falling off him with an unsettling ease, and starts brushing himself off of any of the grime on the cell floor. It's like watching a robot except with less feeling. Kylo ruffles his hair and straightens his robes, he wipes crusted tear tracks off his cheeks and not once during the process of cleaning himself up does he look at Poe. So he takes an inward breath, picks all of his imaginary dignity right up off the floor, and stands silently. He checks that Kylo is still intently focused on avoiding his gaze, before he starts walking towards the door. Then his foot, kicks right into one of the mangled binders, and he wishes he could kick himself in the gut. He checks, very, very quietly, looking over his shoulder. Kylo isn't looking down at his feet, instead his head turned just to see Poe at the door, almost escaped. Door. Right. He gives it one last quick reach. Needless to say Kylo is quicker to stop him. It's more or less that he inwardly feels rather than outwardly feels what happens. His back might be force slammed against the wall, but he feels something tug him from him in his inside, towards Kylo. He loses a breath as he hits the door with a heavy bang. His head almost hits along with it before he falls. Not as dramatic actually, the door just opened. Poe looks up at Finn and can only imagine the scene. He glances at Kylo for confirmation but he gets the same terrified stare and back at Finn who also looks terrified. So all three of them, terrified, and probably not going to mention this to Rey? "Hey don't tell Rey about this." He starts and wants to finish but it's all Poe can think of that is witty but not too scared. Finn doesn't acknowledge the plea as he hoists Poe up by the armpits and drags him out until he can close the cell. "Okay I guess-" Finn drags him out of the room entirely and kicks that door to a slam, "I guess we're leaving then." His friend let's him stand on his own but immediately grabs him by the ear and drags him back to the den. "Why is he out of his cuffs and is that where you were? We were worried, Rey said there's no way and I kinda agreed but Han got that old ' I'm your father with the wisdom of a thousand wookies listen to me ' stare so I came down here and there you are, force slammed against the door-" Finn keeps rambling on his tale of shock and fear, Poe tunes it out. He let's his feet stumble, but his eyes are heavy as he stares ahead. Did Kylo even love him? Or was it just Ben, Kylo living in the shell of a boy who had been his whole world. A boy who never replied and Poe had thought dead. Instead he has the shell of a man, with whom only the stars could understand if Kylo was still his, if he could still just love him. "Rey I found him." Sturdy, warm hands find a grip on his face and his head finally sinks back into place, the thoughts still pounding as if they managed to shrink in the small place in his skull. Poe looks into Han's eyes hesitantly. "Kid, you look messed up." The man that Poe once considered just like his father, seeing him like this because of his son is embarrasing. "I had a headache." He lies again. "You're still not a very good liar." Han nods and leaves him in the hands of Rey and Finn as he heads back to the brig where he left Kylo. " So I'm finding out. " He mutters under his breath. "He's right, Poe, you look worn." Rey says, her presence and Finn's is a mere comfort and he let's his friends nudge him towards the couch where BB-8 managed to roll up onto. He sinks into the cushion and curls into a ball He's hit with another memory as Finn and Rey try talking to him. It's not his. Poe sees himself standing there, cute little curls that Ben would viciously make fun of and when he succeeded to make Poe tear up he immediately felt an awful pain in his heart as he grabbed the older, but shorter boy. He whispered words into Poe's hair, which when Poe was a kid, he hadn't heard. But now they come out of his mouth. "I love you Poe." Poe starts crying and that alerts Rey and Finn to something. He realizes he was laying in Rey's lap, now pulled stark against her chest as her and Finn run fingers through his hair and rub his arms. "Why am I in his head?" He screams and Finn flinches, his face paling as he gives Poe's thigh a last squeeze and dashes for the entry Han disappeared through. "Shh Poe, it's going to be okay." He feels slim, strong fingers massaging his scalp but it doesn't hold repressed memories from spilling past the dam in his mind, half aren't even his. They overwhelm him, tucking into every nook and cranny. He hears his childhood voice yelling at Ben to not hurt himself, he smells Ben's burnt cookies, he feels soft hair in his hands and everytime he blinks he sees Ben grinning back. Everything's blurry when he screams again, clutching his head in his hands. ##### The next time he wakes up, there's a bowl of food. The rest of the ship's quiet and Rey's asleep under his head, the dedicated woman didn't even move. Poe can't help but subconsciously feel safe on her lap but nevertheless sits back up, slowly and carefully so she won't wake up. She doesn't, and that's when he realizes the rest of the ship is dead silent, meaning no one was awake. No one could stop him from seeing Kylo. He walks out of the room, quiet as he could possibly be as he walks down the hallway. Ben . He sees a flash of a teenager, leaning heavily on the wall. Black hair shoulder length and staring straight through Poe. He turns and sees himself, wearing the shirt Ben had on that day and cautiously walking up to Ben. He feels his hands sink into a cold sweat and doesn't know which ones feelings he was expiriencing. If it's himself then he's surprised how he never said he loved him immediately. "You look good in my clothes." The voice is so real that he snaps back, but it's the memory, he watches as Ben's hands snake around his lower back, intertwined fingers lap and slowly try to ride the fabric up. He snorts at the horny behavior young Poe had gotten used to, his eyes teary at the overwhelming feeling that he recognizes as Ben's. It's weird, feeling his own skin through different hands, but the smooth skin burns his hands and it feels like eyes are staring into his soul. He feels something pound in his chest, and the vivid memory fades. He keeps going down the hallway, he ignores the sudden beeping by his foot, something clicks in his brain that the beeping is familiar, but his head's overwhelmed with the familiarity of the past, it's where the sound registers. "The name's BB-8, Uncle Luke helped me make them!" "It's pretty cool." Poe whispered as he touched the happily beeping robot. He didn't catch the wide grin Ben cast at the praise. "I wanted to give them to you!" He giggled as Ben caught and pulled him into the hug, tight against his shoulder. He reaches the first door just as he hears shouting down the hallway. It wasn't a long distant but it felt like a mile, a mile of walking and sludge barring the voice. He can't make out if it's Han, Finn, maybe even Rey, he slams the door open. Crystal clear as day, Kylo calls out to him. "Poe!" He fumbles around the door just as another memory hits him. "Poe are you okay?" The small fragment sentence has him leaning heavy on the door, but he pushes off and hits his knees in front Kylo, only bars keeping them apart. "Where are you?" Not even he understands the question when it comes out of his mouth at first, but as he stares at teary dark eyes, a blurred head tilting in confusion and what looks like fingers reaching to touch- "Poe you're so reckless!" "You're lucky I like you." "We'll be together one day you'll see." "I will never, leave you. Promise." "Anyone hurts you, come to me." "Here I am." Poe slurs, he rests his head against the bars and Kylo near flinches. Fingers shakily touch his face and he sinks into them. They're so familiar, yet so new. They almost bring another wave of memories, but instead a sudden dam appears in his head. "I'm- I'm so sorry Poe." He hears Kylo whisper and he smiles, the pounding in his head has died down suddenly. While it did, it still left him just as exhausted. The possible hour of sleep he had gotten offered no relief. "I love you." He whispers back. BB-8 slams against his side and it's when he sluggishly snaps back into focus. Kylo's gone paler than usual and his long fingers slip from Poe's forehead. Poe glances down and the droid then back at everyone else. Chewie towers over them all, his blaster pointed at Kylo. Han watches with a certain glint in his eye and Rey and Finn stand menacingly in the corner. He can't figure out why they're being so defensive. Somethings screaming at him but his head just doesn't understand. He offers them a smile. "Poe watch out!" "Poe you're going to hurt yourself! It's not funny!" He can't help but think, well it really isn't , as his head hits the ground and black fills his vision. ##### "I missed you." Ben nearly growls into his neck and Poe smiles sleepily into his pillow, tugging the blankets away from his love. Nothing else made noise around them, in the quiet room left for Ben in his parents house. Leia and Han must be out, leaving the two of them to the small world they had created, the one that made him feel safe. "I miss you too-" He would continue but his words are lost in a soft huff of surprise when something cold and metallic wraps round his neck. "I got you something." Ben mumbles in anwser. He turns off his stomach to face Ben, propped on an elbow so he can twirl the necklace. Ben's staring at him for approval from under his arms. He doesn't reply, staring at the small seashell in awe. It's the same one from when they were kids. It still has their initials that made Poe blush furiously as Ben carved them delicately in the back. "You're going to break it!" "Hush I'm doing this for you." Poe feels tears run down his cheeks and Ben's saying something but he throws a leg over his hips, knocking his boyfriend back to the bed and burrowing his wet face into a strong shoulder. "I love you." # He wakes up in an empty room, back in his home for the first time in what might be months. He notices that it doesn't seem like he's alone, the doors open and he hears people in the kitchen. Before he can register anything, BB-8 rolls into the room. His best friend beeps happily and Poe slides off the bed to his knees with a smile. "I'm sorry. It was a good idea at the time I promise." He anwsers and grins shamefully as BB-8 beeps. "Yeah I know BB." BB-8 beeps then dissapears back into the kitchen he can only presume. Poe follows only after he strips out of his pilot outfit and slips into something more regular, like his black pants and a tshirt. Then he hurriedly walks into his kitchen, the light shining from his windows nearly blinding him to an epic proportion but he still recognizes Finn and Rey. The two of them are standing at his counter, quietly working around and staring at everything in awe as they cook something on the gasser. He glances at the nice smelling mounder potato rice and nerd sausage. He feels his mouth salivate and stares at the food blankly while Rey and Finn explore. BB-8 takes a minute to assess the situation before them. They beep and roll away. Poe's head burns and aches and he still has the emotions that aren't his in his head. He doesn't snap at what he's declared as the Kylo of his head to be happy, just shoves comfort his way over in that sad and dark little corner before leaning against the counter. "So how are you guys?" Poe asks the two inspecting his flowers that were potted on the floor but in since the time he left have intertwined up the columns next to his island towards the small spout that waters them. He grins as they make noncommittal grunts. The comfort he sent at Kylo is soon returned as confusion. Poe gives him reassurance that he'll see him soon. "Hey you guys, make yourselves at home okay? I have some clothes you can change into and a washer if you want yours clean." He grabs his extra key and a robe and let's Finn and Rey absently wave him off. He turns to BB-8 at his feet. "Make sure they don't burn the place down." BB-8 beeps. Poe feels the sarcasm before he rolls his eyes and leaves. Rey's high on Nyex for her back and Finn's probably genuinely stunned. She'll be asleep in another hour, no matter how long she's been awake. Finn's harmless. He grins to himself as he makes his way down to the lobby of the building and out into the street. He jumps on his speeder and gently pushes Kylo's emotions to the back of his mind so he doesn't crash on his way from his apartment to the outskirts where the Rebel base is located. Which, he recognizes as he pulls up to the base, everyone's probably still celebrating. There's a distinct lack of people running around outside and every ship is in place. Except Poe's of course but his team'll yell at him for that later. He cautiously enters the base and pulls his robe hood up. The halls aren't as empty as the outside, more or less filled with the most happy and drunk he's seen people in the Resistance be since be joined. The base might've been destroyed last night, but they could celebrate for weeks. Nobody notices him as he reimmerses himself into Kylo's emotions, following his feet as he walks down to where they keep prisoners. He passes room after room and room, he hears someone yell down the hall as his hand finds a door to left. He opens it and walks in to find Kylo behind a glass pane, curled back in a ball in the middle of the room. He's a sight for sore eyes that takes away his breath. He hears the yelling behind him getting louder and footsteps pound, but he tugs his access key out of his pocket and unlocks the door. Kylo looks at him with his red, tear stained face and he feels a wave of emotions hit him. Sadness brings him his knees and Poe stares back. Kylo doesn't say anything, he just looks at Poe warily and wipes at his nose. So Poe designates himself to make the first move, opening the glass door with his thumb print and walking up to Kylo just to drop in front of his feet, crawling towards him on his knees and tugging his head to his chest. "So how are you?" Kylo clutches at his shirt and doesn't reply. The door behind them reopens and Kylo stiffens, wrapping his other arm around Poe's back and tugging him into his lap. He accepts the gesture and buries his fingers in Kylo's hair. He massages gently and kisses Kylo's temple. Kylo whimpers and tries holding him closer, to no avail as the people that entered the room decide to interject. "Who are you?" Kylo stiffens. Poe remembers the hood and slowly turns in a gesture for them to pull off his hood. They do and immediately Poe's heated cheeks are met with cold air as he looks up at Leia Organa staring down at him. "Poe..." Her voice is full of pity and Poe feels his cheeks reheat in shame. He hangs his head in reply, turning back to Kylo and burying his face back into his collarbone. The General says a few things he doesn't hear but he manages to relax Kylo's spine under his fingers, gently pressing at each knob and bone he can find until Kylo is soft under his fingers. "Poe." Kylo re-tenses and Poe groans as he looks back at the woman he once considered mom. "Don't ' ugh ' me young man. I'm letting you stay." Kylo peaks at his mother slightly over Poe's shoulder and Poe swears as he glances at him that he sees something thankful. "You're only to leave when you need to sleep, in which we'll be setting up a bed on the other side of this pane and your quarters and apartment are still functioning." Leia reassures and Poe smiles weakly. "I'm not so sure about the apartment one," He says, remembering that he left Finn and Rey to cook by themselves. "I sent Han to check on those two." "He agreed?" Poe says, stunned. "Reluctantly, yes." She replies with a smile. "Do you- how did you know they'd need checking on?" He asks, squeezing Kylo's fingers as they wrapped around his thigh. "The cameras still work you know. Speaking of, there will be a camera here in case one of you decides to kill the other," Kylo squeezes his thigh harder, "Don't think I forgot how you two were when you were kids." This time he hangs his head sheepishly as the general scruffs his head as she pushes out of her crouching position to leave the room. Kylo's head drops to his shoulder instead and Leia doesn't hesitate to ruffle her son's hair. "Oh and boys, don't forget to eat." Poe nods in agreement and the grip Kylo has on his thigh loosens. He looks at the man to see he's looking at Leia over Poe's shoulder, then back at the woman to see her giving Kylo a sad smile before she closes the glass door and and leaves the room, the nest door silent as it wooshes closed. "I-" Poe snaps his head back to Kylo as he croaks. "I- I'm so sorry." Kylo brings his head up to look him in the eyes again and Poe finds himself captivated as Kylo speaks. "I didn't mean to do that to you, I just, I need the map- I needed it and- you showed me her . I couldn't- I didn't mean to do it- I didn't want to do any of it. I was going to come back- but you left ." Kylo heaves as if the words were hard to get out and Poe grabs his hand where it's rubbing back and forth on his thigh. "What exactly did you do Kylo?" He asks, lightly touching at Kylo's hand as it rubs. Kylo flinches at his name but anwsers. "I bonded with you." Kylo mutters, watching their hands. Poe doesn't anwser verbally, first squeezing Kylo's fingers and bringing them off his thigh and up to his chest. "Is that why I can feel you?" He asks, rubbing comfortingly at his thigh. Kylo nods. "Okay." Poe says with a shrug. It's more than shrug worthy, but his brain seems to take the apology in stride. Poe accepts the apology because, while his Ben is now Kylo, he still loves Kylo because he still loves Ben . Or he's the only one stupid enough to immediately forgive him. Chapter 2 : Departure Summary: Sometimes the best memories bring back the worst Notes: Feel so #rude for forgetting about this, thoughts between the two are bold so no one gets confused ;p "Rey, we- I, trust that you'll find my brother. We wish you good luck, and may the force be with you." Poe had woken up early that morning, sleeping next to Kylo who was technically on the other side of the glass. Only technically. Sure, they'd both had beds. And they probably could've pushed them next to each other with the glass in betwen. But that would've been less spontaneous. Less romantic- Well actually he hadn't thought of that until just now to be honest. It had seemed the second he started having any functional thought, Kylo had woken up in front of his eyes. He watched him hazy blink. He didn't get the sudden onslaught of confusion or anger -none of which, in hindsight, he should expect knowing Ben-but something more strange. Out of the blue. Fear. Poe reflexively reached out to touch and when Kylo flinched like he'd been burned, Poe realized he was the problem. He was hurt, his eyebrows furrow in but he took back his hand from the glass regardless, not wanting to cause more pain. He dropped Kylo's gaze down to the tangled blanket at Kylo's waist. He counted the exposed freckles where his black undershirt had ridden up while he slept. Poe startled when something moved out in the corner of, looking back up to see Kylo's hand suddenly against the glass. He wasn't sure if the glass was soundproof but knowing the First Order's and every Dark Lord's tendency to scream and yell -as he had also found out in his early days of being banned from flying and having to guard prisoners- Poe figured the Resistance had learned their lesson. Therefore he didn't bother trying to speak, instead trying to emotionally convey his apologies over their bond. 'It's okay' Kylo's voice echoes in his head. Why didn't he assume they could do that? 'I- I just, was shocked that's all. I didn't remember what had happened.' Poe didn't understand or question how they could convert tone, more concerned with the underlying terror in his words. He didn't want to push it, but... 'Then do I get to say it's okay?' Poe asks, a hopeful smile on his face. 'If you do the hand thing with me. Feels like you never do the hand thing with me.' Kylo's voice is a quiet, mischievous mumble in his head. Poe doesn't mock Kylo like he would. If he was Ben. He mentally shakes that whispered thought away before Kylo can hear it and presses his hand to the glass. The tips of his fingers too short to reach to Kylo's long ones. His hand always was smaller than... "Ben! Slow down!" Poe yelled after his best friend who was already closer to the top of the hill than Poe even wanted to be. He hadn't wanted to go outside, or leave his bed... or even do anything since- since his mom died. Ben hadn't listened to him. Well, he had, but brought him outside anyway, encasing Poe's hand in his and using it to drag him out the door. Poe groaned and stumbled as he looked up and saw Ben grinning, waiting for him at the top of the hill. He made sure to make a show out of climbing up the remainder of the hill, slowly he closed the distance between him and Ben. "You're so slow!" Ben shoved his shoulder as Poe finally got up beside him and Poe frowned up at him. "Shuddup. Why are we here?" Poe questioned, shoving his hands in his jacket pockets. He whined and near pouted when Ben shoved his cold hands into one of Poe's pockets, next to his slow warming one and dragged it back into the frigid air. He just wanted to go home. Where it was warm, and he could go back to sleep. He could sleep and there'd be no one to wake him up. Fall on D'Qar wasn't something he could bring himself to enjoy anymore. "Don't pout at me Dameron," Poe blushed and Ben continued quietly, as if in awe about something, "Your hands are so small in mine." Poe watched a leaf fall. He could almost see his mom, almost hear her, telling him to grab one for good luck. His eyes felt watery and he looked up at Ben, the younger boy's eyebrows drew together. Poe felt his lip wobble and he ripped away his hand to throw himself into Ben's arms. Ben smelled something like home. His arms felt safe and his chest secure as Poe buried his crying face into it. "Stupid leaves." He muttered into the warm fabric of Ben's leather jacket. "Very stupid." Ben agreed. Poe blinked and withdrew his hand to touch at the tear that escaped. He looked back to Kylo to see him saying something. He waited until Kylo realized his mistake and his deep voice sounded in his head. 'I'm sorry I made you cry.' 'So you saw it too?' 'Yes.' 'Then apologize twice because I think I just cried again.' Kylo grins at him from the other side of the glass and they stay like that until Poe had to leave. Poe with his hand against the glass and Kylo almost hesitantly tracing designs around it with his index finger. Poe watches Kylo focus on it with a smile on his face. When they both forgot- hell when Poe had even forgotten that Poe was allowed to be with Kylo when they were both awake on his side of the barrier, well he didn't know. It sounds stupid but it might've been when Kylo breathed on the glass and his face broke into a bright grin when his designs lasted longer than just a trail behind his finger. Or when he used his nail to make it more detailed. Poe was so infatuated with remembering that oh-so-pleasant awakening that he nearly forgot to acknowledge Rey stepping in front of him and holding her arms out for a hug. Finn laughed next to him when Poe cursed, apologized, and threw himself into Rey's arms. At least he remembered not to crush her. "Keep a room open for me Poe. I happen to very much enjoy your plants." Rey says as they pull apart with dancing brown eyes and he swipes at he hair playfully. She dodges and moves on to Finn. The two start talking in hushed tones so Poe looks on, quietly asking to himself if Kylo's alright. 'You felt love?' Is Kylo's response to his prodding. 'I was thinking of you.' Poe replies easily, watching with hands behind his back as Rey hugs Finn. 'I know.' Poe frowns at the cryptic reply. He chooses to wait to acknowledge that, distracting himself as he joins in on waving Rey, Chewbacca, and Han off as they board the Falcon. Chapter 3 : Disconnection Summary: Poe realizes that yes, this is all very messed up. And in so, he has a panic attack. Notes: It's 2 am and I do what I want He rushed back on Kylo's cell with a renewed vigor. Something worried and curious piqued in his stomach and head. His shared head too. That was the part that was going to take a lot longer than he expected and/or wanted. Sharing his emotions with somebody and letting them know exactly what he was feeling. All those years of training with Han on exactly how to hide his emotions from an Organa sure as hell weren't going to work now we're they? Lying wouldn't work, faking an expression wouldn't work and therefore there was no way didn't get away with a change in tone. Saying that, it's thought that he could be over thinking this. Poe stops to lean against the cold metal in the hall. Or he could be underthinking it. Sharing a head with Ben, sure no problem. That would've been great for their relationship. But this relationship with Kylo? Didn't Han mention some crap Luke had blabbed to him about soul bonds and they were only for soulmates? He found himself sinking to the floor. Did that make him and Kylo soulmates? Would it have worked with Ben? Would Ben even have wanted to or was Kylo still Ben and Ben Kylo so it only worked because they used to be compatible? Because Poe used to be compatible with someone who didn't exist anymore. Ben, it would have been great for their relationship, but with Kylo? The man had given Poe no reason to trust him, therefore, he really didn't. He didn't have to but was it selfish not to? Just because he didn't have to didn't mean he wasn't supposed to give Kylo a chance. To stop seeing him as Ben and rather as something, someone more. Not that he didn't but the problem was Kylo hadn't exactly done anything yet that proved him trustworthy. Force choking him, trying to kill Han, then his friends, being particularly shady. Yeah nothing came to mind. 'Calm down.' What if Kylo got angry again? What if he didn't want this and it was something that he got forced into and he just couldn't control it and now he's stuck with Poe? Oh stars what if Poe couldn't handle the anger. What if it was too overwhelming and what if he couldn't- "Poe!" He glanced up, chest heaving, knees to his chest and fingers buried deep in his hair only to see Finn staring right back at him with worried brown eyes. "Hi...." And then he wouldn't be able to stand being in his own mind anymore. It'd be too overwhelming to be alive how would he kill the thoughts, kill the pain- what if it made him dark- "Poe!" Finn tugged his head into his chest and Poe instantly latched onto the leather of his jacket, or their jacket. Joint custody- "Poe, stop saying hi." He closed his mouth firmly and glanced up at Finn from where the ex-trooper still held him close, now stroking softly at his sweaty hair. "Okay Poe, I'm going to stand now- we're going to stand now." Finn's voice rumbled in his chest and Poe slowly patted at his neck. "Kylo's going to- I told him I'd come back I need to go see him I need to make sure he's okay because if he's not okay then I'm not going to be okay but is that the only reason I want him to be okay I don't think it is but it could be am I a bad person Finn am I supposed to not care about myself and care about others instead or is that a whole new level of selfish and I-" Alright hand clasped over his running lips. "We're not going back to Kylo. Not right now, we'll go back in a little bit." Finn informed him and Poe blinked, looking around the corridor that he had just walked down by himself and they were now going in the direction he came from. "Whatrff he gets mard at me-" He asked half assedly and muffled from behind Finn's hand. "That's his own damn fault. If you guys can 'sense' or whatever, then he'll know you aren't happy and he can shut his mouth." Finn snapped, angry as he marched down the hall. Poe listened, trying to listen to the beat of Finn's heart. Despite their quick pace and Poe's heavy weight, it remained normal. Some hell of a good training that he kinda wished he had gone through. But it calmed his heart, listening to the steady thud and almost feeling it against his ear. Soon they beat in sync and Poe could breath again, the air got into his lungs and he didn't have to pant as his chest slowly untightened and he could feel his arms loosen up. "Finn-" Finn seemed to take notice in his sudden calmness and removed his hand, readjusting his other under Poe's knees then using the free one to gain leverage under his shoulders. "Yes?" "I'm tired." "I could imagine." ##### The next time he woke up, it was in his warm room, in warm sheets. "Wake up Poe-" He grinned and only peaked at the sunshine drenched white curtains over high windows in Ben's room before turning to bury his face in his pillows, the soft blanket softly dragging across his naked back. "I don' wanna." He slurred back, inhaling the smell of Ben in his pillowcase. "Hmm." Poe gasped as Ben made the bed bounce, hiding the noise and himself by throwing the blanket over his head in a last ditch effort of defense. "You sure-" "Tickle me and I'll kill you." "Hmmm. I'll just have to leave you then." The weight on the bed disappeared and Poe opened his eyes behind the safety of the sheets aso feet fell on the floor. Wait was he not kidding. "Wait that's worse!" Poe whined as he shot up out of the sheets and blankets, all of it falling around him as he turned to see Ben grinning at him from where he stood by the bed with his arms crossed. "You....." Ben raised a brow and Poe raised one back, "Stupid.... Flight..." "Don't you dar-" "Boy." Poe finished with a smirk and quickly let out a shriek of happiness as Ben jumped on him, pinning him back to the bed. His nose tickled as he nuzzle it against the pulse of Poe's neck, breathing hot air over his collarbone before Ben started to mouth at the bone with a small growl. Poe's eyes slowly fell back to being closed. And he really didn't want to wake up anymore. Notes: Hmu @ simpledarkpilottrash on tumblr \_()_/