Prologue Come, come closer and let me tell you a tale of men and monsters, of the light and darkness, and a tale of love, desire, obsession, and madness. In a galaxy far, far away there lived a monster. The most curious thing about this monster was that he was once born a man. He was born as the only son and child to two of three heroes who helped save the world and grew up hearing the expectations and hopes if he would grow up to be a great Jedi like his uncle or a strong-willed senator and leader like his mother. The shadows of his family’s legacy, his fears, his doubts, and his anger fell away from the light and swayed into the dark and madness when he found the mask nearly ten years ago. It once belonged to his grandfather, a murderer and tyrant who sought for power and control over the galaxy. The man killed the boy and he followed his grandfather’s footsteps and became a monster. But the madness that consumed his grandfather- the madness was not kind to him. There was no mercy. Voices plagued the monster endlessly-nonstop- and he could never escape. The monster grew to be feared wherever he went and turned as he slaughtered millions, and he rose in the ranks among the First Order where he immediately found himself commanding his own men and fleet; however, there were those among the First Order that grew envious of the monster’s rise to power and wished to see him fall. Then, a young and ruthless officer was able to find weakness with the monster- a weakness that the monster thought had died long ago. The young general used this weakness to his own advantage, betrayed the monster and framed him. Hunted by the First Order like an animal, he was cornered and left maimed and for dead; however, he was still alive and the wounded animal fled to a desolate planet where he knew no one could find him. There, the monster became a wraith and shadow of his own domain. As such, the grotesque monster became a phantom- alone with only the sick madness as his constant companion.