The Interloper Rey struggles with the last stone, trying to get it to balance perfectly, before blowing out her breath and slumping. The stones collapse without her attention to keep them together. Exhaustion grips her and she slowly breathes in, reaching for the Force to flood her system with energy. At least enough to make it to dinner. “Enough. Rest,” Luke’s voice interrupts her. She looks up. Luke stands before her and smiles softly, gesturing toward the scattered rocks. “You did well, Rey. Your control is excellent.” She grins back, suddenly energized by his praise. He beckons her to follow him and they walk together down the hill to his home, where a warm fire and dinner are ready. Her stomach grumbles loudly. He chuckles at the sound and motions for her to take a seat at the driftwood table. Everything in his old home has been found or donated by the Resistance since they discovered he was on the planet. “I don’t know if I will ever feel full,” she confesses as they sit down. She has been with Luke--Master Skywalker--for almost a month now. The Resistance dropped off supplies recently, replenishing their foods and medicines--and to discover when Luke was returning-- and Rey took full advantage, heaping larger portions on her plate and digging in. “I was like that once--but then again, I was a teenage boy,” he reassured her, albeit with a teasing lilt to his voice.. Rey relaxed as they enjoyed their meal quietly. She basked in his presence--soothing, warm, giving. He was an excellent teacher. the standard month had gone by quickly. He balanced physical training with meditation and exercise. He emphasized battle forms but, Rey sensed, reluctantly. He was not what she was expecting, and not even what she thought he would be after their first meeting on the cliff. Reserved, cold, resigned to her presence. In the last weeks, he has opened up to reveal what would have been an inspiring teacher, the one who would have cultivated followers. Rey briefly asked what happened to his students to only have him shut down and spend the rest of the night meditating. . Luke had increased the intensity of her training since that day. Rey didn’t think he was punishing her--she sensed their time on the island was ending and he knew it. They were on borrowed time, waiting the Resistance to call and to demand General Skywalker’s return to end the war. After dinner, Luke and Rey played a round of sabaac. Luke interspersed his cheating with lessons on using the Force to accelerate healing--not something Rey needed yet, but might. She finally slipped off to her own private hut to meditate and to rest. She slid into sleep seamlessly and dove into her dream world. She was back in the forest. Thick trunks and soaring trees surrounded her and she smelled moss, cedar, and tree sap. The heat was not oppressive like Jakku; it pleasantly buzzed against her skin. She could faintly hear water running south of her. She began walking toward it, listening to the clicking of the insects, the chirping of the birds and basked in the solitude. This place brought her peace. She entered a clearing where a waterfall cascaded into a small stream. Rey took a deep breath and relaxed. This is where she came every day to recharge. On the other side of the stream was a small meadow, filled with flowers, and a tent, its fabric sides blowing gently in the wind. Food and drink sat on tables, sweat beading on the sides of the pitchers. Rey greedily plundered the plates, stealing bits of fruits, meats, cakes, until she was full. She felt no shame here licking a plate clean, followed by licking her fingers to get every morsel. There was no hunger here. This was her safe place. Her place. It belonged to no one. Rey ambled along the forest, some trees bursting into bloom with pink and white flowers, others tall and dark, crowding together so closely that the forest was thrown into permanent twilight. She climbed a series of rocks until she came to an overlook and gazed at the valley below her. Her place. Scavengers take what they found and she claimed this as her own. Every day was the same since Rey came to the island, broken only by how hard Luke trained her. Wake up, morning meditation, morning stretches, light meal, exercises, peppered throughout with history and skill training. In the forest on Starkiller base, she had easily accessed the Force but without finesse. On the island, she focused on learning how to listen to the Force, to work with it, to hone in on finer points. She learned rapidly. And at night she returned to her valley, to laze in the sunlight, to stroll through the meadows, to splash in the waterfall, and to gorge herself on the lavishly laid out table. Rey slowly chewed a slice of beelpop melon, the purple juices staining her fingers, as she enjoyed the bird song filling the meadow. A cool breeze ruffled the tent’s sides and tickled wayward strands of hair against her face and neck. She leaned back in her chair and propped one leg on the table for balance. A part of her mind registered how tactile everything was in the dream. The thick linens of the tent’s drapings, the succulent flavor the melon as she bit down on the flesh and swallowed its tangy juices. A sudden silence swept through her valley. Rey leaned forward and sat the chair down. She stood up and tensed her muscles as she listened, waiting, until the unmistakable sounds of someone whistling hit her. Someone had entered her clearing. She reached for her staff and edged forward, peeking around a tent pole, and using the tent’s curtains to mask her. A tall man was walking across the field, whistling, and waving a stick around. Rey frowned. He abruptly sat down and began playing with the flowers, pulling the heads off the stems in the field. Rey entered the light. The man looked toward her as if he suspected she was there and shot her a lazy smile. “Hello,” he greeted her, his voice low and pleasant. “What are you doing here?” “I can ask you the same,” she responded, holding her staff tight. What crazed figure did her brain conjure up for her tonight? “Went exploring and came across this beautiful place,” he responded as he began to lace together stems. “This i s my dream,” Rey shot back. “You can’t just go exploring.” He frowned slightly. "Hmm, I thought it was mine.” He laughed. “No matter. Room enough for both?” He smiled again and Rey eased her grip on the staff. Obviously, her brain was playing tricks on her. Best to just go with the flow. No one said dreams had to be logical. She gazed at him as he returned to making a flower chain before turning and starting her regular hike to the top of the valley. The communication came early in the morning for them. Rey was checking the messages to see if there had been an update on Finn and saw the coded message for Luke. She sent him an urgent message and waited outside the hut for him to give her the results. “Time to gear up,” he said grimly as he stepped outside. “Chewbacca will be here within a few hours and we must go.” He ran through a list of what he thought she should bring and headed into his home to begin to pack. Rey felt the Falcon before it even hit atmo. She ran down the steps to greet and wrap her arms around Chewie once he emerged. He ruffled her hair. Is he treating you well? he grumbled. “For the most part,” she laughed. Chewie poked at her. You’ve gained some weight, so not too bad. He helped her load the items on the ship. Luke wanted no evidence of their occupation. The First Order has found out where Luke is. They don’t know what planet but they know this star system. We have to hurry, Chewie informed her. Rey shot him the strangest look as she finished stacking crates. “How did they find out?” “We seem to have a spy in our midst,” Luke responded as he walked up the ramp into the ship. “Let’s go. They will be here shortly and I don’t want to have to outrun a Star Destroyer. I’ve done that too many times already.” A strained silence filled the ship as the three headed out. Chewbacca occupied the pilot seat with Rey as his co-pilot. She loved the feel of the Falcon in her hands. She loved to fly. It required strict discipline, an attention to detail. but within that discipline, there was room for improvisation, growth. It ate up most of her attention and keen intelligence to fly an old rig like the Falcon. She could get lost in it, as she did before, on Jakku. Although, Rey noted with some wonder, she didn’t need to lose her mind within itself as much. Luke, her friends, the Resistance, the Force took much of her mind away. As they headed out of the system, Rey felt a dark presence fill her head. She stiffened. She knew this presence. It say heavy on her skin, on her mind, straining to break through her walls. “Breathe, Rey,” Luke murmured from the seat behind Chewie. “I feel it too. Focus on hiding your Force signature.” I have the controls, Chewie reassured her. Rey closed her eyes and focused on her breathing, erasing any mark of herself in the Force, allowing any sense of herself to dissipate. She was a leaf on a wind, she was a flower blooming in the sun, she was everywhere and nowhere. The heaviness eased. Rey giggled at the boy’s comment. He smiled wide at her joy. He was tall, with broad shoulders a nd a disarming smile. She found it irritating that he was still in her dreams but his silly jokes and affable nature began to chip away at some of her natural distrust. He often made flower chains, or climbed trees, occasionally sat down and ate in silence with her. He had offered to repair her staff after they shared a plate of cavaellin creams, the spices still burning the roof of her mouth. After a fight with Luke, a part of the staff was damaged and Rey just hadn’t repaired it yet. She handed it to him and watched as he fiddled with it, easing out the crooked end to a straighter line. “How come you’re here?” she asked again, pouring them cups of cassius tea. She loved its flowery taste and drank it every chance she got. It tasted like spring, she imagined. Springs she did imagine on Jakku and had hoped to experience one day. As a consequence, a warm pot was always on the table whenever she entered her dream world. “I could ask the same of you,” he lazily replied as he handed her back her repaired staff. She ran a critical eye over it and could find no fault. He had welded together two of the pieces and had restored stability to the balance. “Anyways, you ask too many questions. This is my relaxation place. I come here to find peace,” he said, holding the cup in one hand and gazing at the valley in another. He had a sad, dreamy smile on his face, Rey reflected. She watched as he slowly dropped his shoulders from their tense position. “Maybe there is a just one dream world and only a few of us are lucky enough to find it,” he half whispered. He turned to see her watching him and threw her a cocky grin. “Don’t ask too much, I say. Eat, drink, and be merry.” He saluted her with his tea, drained the mug, and then went outside to do his hike. Rey had seen him head off on his own walks but had never followed. Chapter 2 : The Hook Summary: Rey and Luke return to the Resistance to lead in the battle against the First Order. Meanwhile, the stranger in Rey's dreams begins to come closer and to intrigue her. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Resistance had relocated to another planet. D’Qar was known to the First Order. They were stationed on Florrum, in an old Clone War base, built halfway into the cliffs, to take advantage of the coverage. The wide cavern was able to house many of the ships from the vicious sandstorms. “Desert again,” Rey sighed. Luke patted her shoulder. “I know exactly what you mean.” Luke was ushered into meetings with General Leia after she gave them both quick hugs. Rey helped Chewie unload the ship and, unsure of what to do, offered to help with repairs. Chewie leapt at the help and directed her to the coolant drive he had been complaining about. She gamely climbed up top and began to remove the paneling to check it out. Inside, Chewie was banging around, grousing about the hyperdrive. Rey chuckled--he never meant it. The Falcon seemed to demand affectionate complaining. “If it isn’t our newest Jedi,” a cheerful voice called out. Rey looked up to see Poe Dameron peeking at her from the ladder. She grinned and nimbly walked over to give him a hug. Poe had latched on to her quickly after Starkiller, once he learned she was friends with Finn. “How is he?,”she asked. “Oh just asking about you every 5 minutes,” he drawled. Rey gasped and punched him in the arm lightly. “The last message you sent said he was still out.” “I know. He came around about an hour ago and the med droid just cleared him from company. It was touch n go here for a while, Rey.” He looked at her soberly as she climbed down the ladder. “We didn’t know if he would survive the move here but we had to get out. Shortly after you left, we intercepted a fleet of TIE fighters.” Rey informed Chewie that she was going to see Finn and he asked her to make sure the goofball didn’t damage any more unsuspecting Wookies. “I would’ve thought the First Order would’ve been too damaged after Starkiller base,” she replied, following him down twisting hallways. “It is. They are recruiting heavily in the Unknown regions and other Outer Rim planets. The Kuat shipyards are up and running again and they’ve been raiding for materials. Now that General Organa is going to Coruscant to help get this kriffing Republic together again, we have more military support and can rely on what’s left of the New Republic’s spy ring. They are gearing up for something Rey and I don’t like it.” They rounded the corner into the medical wing. Poe stopped her by gently grabbing her shoulder. He looked down at her gravely. “He was there, Rey.” “Who?” “Kylo Ren. He was spotted at D’Qar.. One spy we left behind said that he was slowly going through things, looking for any reference to you.” Rey paused at the news, her heart taking off. She knew he had survived that night and would come looking for her. Poe watched her closely. They were bonded from their times at his hand although Rey knew that the monster had been far gentler with her than with him. She tried not to think about that nightmare figure who cut Finn into ribbons and who took away the only father figure she could remember. Her lip trembled as she drew in calming breaths, willing the Force to ease away her pain. “I just wanted you to know. He’s on the hunt for you. And he’s got a large bounty on your head. Almost as large as the one the First Order has on Finn.” He grinned. “But we won’t let them get you. You’re all ours!” Rey smiled tremulously at that and put on her game face to see Finn. She didn’t want to ruin their reunion with her fears. A Jedi doesn’t let fear control her, she reminded herself. Poe opened the door and she followed him into the small room. Finn was sitting in a chair, looking grim as a droid replaced a bandage. Upon seeing Rey and Poe, his face split into a wide grin. “Hey you’re okay!” he exclaimed. Rey ran to him and pushed the droid aside to envelope Finn in the deepest and longest embrace of her life. Neither wanted to let go, so deep was the joy at seeing each other alive and well. The future she was fashioning held firm. Friends. Becoming a Jedi. A cause she believed in. She held Finn tightly and vowed to never let go. “So your friend lives,” he commented. “Yeah, yeah he does,” she smiled at the flowers the boy was weaving. He offered her some stems and together they weaved a small chain. “I’ve never done this before,” she confessed as her fingers tried to copy his adroit movements. “Done what?” “Made flower chains. My whole life was a desert. On Jakku, nothing grows. No plants, no life, not a whit of kindness.” The old bitterness crept into her words. “Careful now. Anger is the fastest path to the dark side,” the young man cautioned. Rey had begun to believe he was a figment of her mind, so often was he parroting Luke’s words about the Force. She was now fully relaxed around him, occasionally venturing into the forest with him, exploring downed trees and other nooks of the valley. She had begun to grow concerned when he didn’t show up or arrived at the tail end of the dream. “Do you have a name?” she asked. He looked up at her and stared into her eyes, searching. She willed herself still. Finally, he smiled so hard she was afraid it would crack his face. “I thought you’d never ask,” he grumbled. “Ben. It’s Ben.” Rey straightened and dug her nails into her palms. “Ben?!” “Yes, I was named after an old family friend,” he replied quizzically. Rey forced herself to relax. It was a common name. She had met two other Bens just the other day at the Resistance base. “I’m Rey,” she finally responded. “Hello Rey.” he gestured toward her mangled chains. “If you’re done destroying those, want to explore the forest? I think there is another meadow west of here that we haven’t seen.” His easy manner soothed her. It was her dream. She smiled gratefully at him as he helped her to her feet and they ambled off into the woods, his hand still holding hers. Rey was laughing so hard her belly ached. Finn had told the dirtiest joke right as General Organa had walked into the room. He had gone silent and his embarrassment at it was only made worse as Leia had added the punch line. “I’ve been around a few star systems, Finn. I’ve heard worse,” she said, patting his shoulder. Finn exhaled. At the First Order, being caught by a commanding officer meant punishment. He was still adjusting to the Resistance under the skilled guidance of Poe who seemed to feel personally responsible for him. They were in the mess, eating a filling stew, before heading off to separate duties. Rey was still practicing with Luke, although he was often now in meetings with head officers. He had shed his Jedi robes for something some suited for fighting, brown pants tucked into boots, with a long tunic and belt. He was the eye of the storm and people seemed to hang on his every word. When they heard she was training with him, some gazed at her with awe, others with outright loathing. Poe’s acceptance of her helped her ease into base life and he found her a job working with other mechanics to fix ships. Her nimble fingers and keen eye could solve any problem and won the grudging respect of the more hardened section leader. Finn was often dragged into meetings. They grilled him with questions about the First Order, about systems, ships, commanding officers, Snoke. Although they had access to the New Republic’s spies, so much was on Hosnian Prime that they were still cobbling together knowledge and systems and people. It made it all too easy for spies to slip in and Finn was their secret weapon. Privately, Finn still didn’t know if he was going to stay with the Resistance but his only plan had been to escape and to save Rey. He had done both. His future remained undecided. Rey was balancing on one hand, stacking rocks, and reorganizing tools, so deep into her meditation that she knew before he entered that Luke was coming to check on her. She deftly put the tools into their drawers, neatly assembled the rocks and moved to her feet as he watched. “The Force is strong in you,” he said. Her lips twitched at that. He walked around their meditation area and began lightsaber drills. “Today, we start with aggression, Rey. I will be attacking,” he warned before powering up his blade and charging at her. After a prolonged bout involving her nearly defeating him and Luke offering comments and suggestions throughout, Rey sat down and downed a whole bottle of water. She was covered in sweat and exhausted. “This is good practice, Rey. A real battle can last for a long time and your opponent with take advantage of any weakness. And if you are fighting the Knights of Ren, they are aggressive, trained in attack forms.” He paused. “One thing to remember is that they have been trained by a former student of mine. They are familiar with my moves and the moves I taught.” “I beat him once,” Rey said confidently. “The Force favored you. He was wounded, you said. A bowcast blast can knock most men off their feet. Yet he was out in the snow fighting you.” He laced his words with urgency. “The worst thing you can do, Rey, is to underestimate the power of the Dark Side, to underestimate him.” “The Dark Side makes its users feel indestructible, Rey. It makes them reckless, it makes them feel like they can do anything. It is easier to tap into, especially when you’re fighting for your life.” “You sound like you’ve tapped into it yourself,” Rey murmured. Luke gazed off into the distance before turning to give her haunted look and walking off. Before he left, he noticed her staff leaning against the wall. “I didn’t know you found time to repair your staff..” She shot up. “Nice job.” “I hadn’t….” she whispered before turning to see the perfectly even staff. “How did you do that?” she asked Ben as soon as she saw him. “ I don’t know,” he cried frustrated. “Sometimes things from this world can affect the reality. I guess I must have really wanted your staff to be repaired. But you must have really wanted it too.” “What?” “Feeling is important here,” he emphasized. “Our feelings sustain this place. We want to feel relaxed and at peace so we are at a meadow. If we wanted to feel isolated, I dunno, maybe we’d be on Hoth or trapped on an asteroid.” He laughed. “I am guessing here, it’s mostly trial and error. Like you. Learning as we go.” “What do you do, Ben? Outside of here?” She leaned back on her arms and bared her face to the sun. He was watching her, she knew, but she didn’t feel tense with him. His explanation made sense. Sometimes she woke up feeling full. But the idea that he was a figment of her mind was gone now. She sensed he was someone real in the galaxy. Maybe someone she could someday meet. The thought tugged at her and she realized how eager she was at the idea. “I’m a pilot. I fly ships. Sometimes I’m hired for freighters, worked for a while for a commercial starliner. That was a bore,” he rolled his eyes. She laughed and he grinned down at her. “What do you do?” “I’m a mechanic,” she replied.Half truths were best. “I can fix anything.” “Oh , yeah? Anything?” “Anything! I once found a Ghtroc Industries light freighter half buried in the sands in Jakku and fixed it up myself. It had crashed a while ago but after about a half a year, it could fly.” Pride swelled in her breast as she remembered the crusty, sand covered ship and how she nurtured it back to life. “You must’ve loved that. How much did you get for it?” Ben asked. Rey frowned as feelings of frustration and distrust flooded her. They had taken the ship, lied, left her nothing. She hadn’t even cried that night. Jakku had taught her to never trust kindness and she had ignored that. Until Finn. “Yeah it was alright,” she mumbled. They sat together in companionable silence, watching the birds dipping toward the water and coming up with fish. She never felt like she had to say anything to him. Harmony filled the valley and she found herself looking more and more at his face. At his strong jawline, her proud aquiline nose, his thick brown hair. His lips. Rey felt her stomach tighten as she realized her was doing the same to her. He lifted a hand and slowly traced his finger down her face. She nodded once, almost imperceptibly. He slid down and rested his head on his hand for a moment, his elbow next to her head. She felt her breath tighten and her chest constrict. She had kissed before. A terrible fumbling of hands and dry lips with a boy on Niijima station. She had swore off of it, after his hands had travelled where they shouldn’t. He had left her with a swollen lip after she had chomped down on it. Ben chuckled as if he could hear her thoughts. He hadn’t stopped tracing her face. Rey was flooded with heat in that moment. Finally he leaned down and placed his lips on hers, gently, testing. Hungrily, she responded and they spent a few moments teasing each other before he sank fully onto the ground next to her, wrapping his arms around her and she let herself drown in the sensation of kissing him. Dizzy, she pulled back. “I don’t think I should be doing this,” she whispered. “Why?” he was puzzled, his lips red and swollen. A Jedi does not let emotions control her, Rey knew, and willed the dream away. Notes: The Corellian freighter I'm referring to in this is incorrect. However, my sister to her home has taken my copy of "Before the Force Awakens" and I couldn't reference it. Please forgive the errors. ***EDIT: Hat Tip to Chthonia who provided the correct information. The ship is a Ghtroc Industries 690 light freighter. I have edited it. Thank you kind reader! A moment I didn't include for pacing sake: Ben told the worst jokes and Rey often found herself blushing. She heard dirty jokes often at Niijima Outpost, heck Finn told the worst. But Ben's casual manner at joking, the way he ribbed her at her embarrassment added to her mirth. She found herself looking forward to these dreams, to the enjoyment and to the utter relaxation she felt around him. He made no demands on her; often, he seemed he existed merely to entertain her. "Glad I can make you laugh," he remarked and handed her a flower. She blushed again. "It must be hard fighting a war all the time. " He reached up and laced the flower behind her ear. She began to feel a warm buzz in her belly as his hand lingered and she woke up. She touched her cheek softly and still felt the shadow of Ben's touch caressing her skin. Chapter 3 : And Let The Devil Take the Hindmost Summary: We have that bond, Rey. And now we are here.” “Will we ever meet?” she gasped. She was too dizzy with the warmth flooding her system, her racing heart to absorb what he was saying. He was overwhelming her senses with his mouth on her collarbone, his hands teasing her skin as they slid up her back, his fingers dipping below her waistband. “Tell me where you are and I’ll come to you. Pilot remember?” he bit her earlobe gently and continued to kiss her. His hand slid up her back again, under her shirt and he began stroking her. She arched back into his hands. She didn’t care anymore. She was consumed with a heaviness pooling between her thighs. Rating up here? Maybe? Notes: Desparado philosophy. “Now then, thought I, unconsciously rolling up the sleeves of my frock, here goes for a cool, collected dive at death and destruction, and let the devil fetch the hindmost.” Melville The following day was dreary. Outside a sandstorm raged. Inside a flurry of people and droids filled the corridors and caverns as they prepared for Leia’s departure and Luke’s assumption of her role. Data in and out of the offices and meeting rooms all day. Rey sat her mechanic’s bench, a broken compressor in front of her, but she couldn’t focus. She still felt him on her lips. Her hand drifted upwards and her fingers ghosted over them. They felt swollen as if she had spent hours with them pressed against someone else. She ached for that dream to be real so hard that it was a lump in her belly. She had never wanted something so bad. She remembered how he had eased his way into her dreams. He made her laugh, put her at ease with dumb jokes, told ridiculous stories about his trips in the galaxy. He never made her feel embarrassed for what she knew could be downright rude table manners--he would usually offer her more food without comment and she would catch him licking juice off his fingers too. She idly thought about him licking the juice off her fingers and shivered. Luke had said the old Jedi forbade relationships but he thought that was a folly. Compassion and love helped sustain people in the darkest of times and could keep the dark side at bay. He never mentioned lust though. “Hey, there she is!” Finn exclaimed and sat down next to her. “What are you doing, Rey?” Startled, Rey jumped and dropped the spanner set on the ground. “What? Oh nothing”, her cheeks burned pink. “Are you okay? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you drop a tool,” he inquired as he crouched next to her to collect the spanners. “Yeah, yeah, rough night,” she mumbled. She straightened up and silently told herself to get her act together. “You figure out what you are doing next?” “Poe had mentioned needing help training shooters. I was working with Kyp to program some shooting simulators. I know how the First Order thinks and how they trained us so we can use that to our advantage. I even sat in on some ship maneuvers so I need to give that information to Poe.” Rey smiled and laid a hand on his arm. “That’s great, Finn! That could really make a difference.” “Yeah, well, they hauled my carcass around for a while. You can’t even tell he split me. Besides, I found out about the bounty on my head. I figure it’s safer here for a while.” Finn and Rey sat silently together, contemplating their futures. They knew they were living on borrowed time. A soldier and a scavenger always live with death as a companion and the gravity of their situations never escaped them. Rey knew as much as she wanted to explore finding her family that it could possibly distract her and could put them in danger if the First Order even found out. Sometimes she longed for the days back in the AT-AT when all she had to do was figure out where the next meal was coming from. Sometimes she wondered if Finn felt the same way too. Their reverie was broken by the excited call of Poe who was jogging over to embrace them and invite them to dinner. His hands ran through her hair and she leaned back into them. They had not spoken a word, had ignored the food and drink in the tent, and instead had pressed their bodies into one another, kissing so hard and quickly that their teeth clicked and he accidentally nipped her lower lip so hard it bleed. After that, they laughed awkwardly and shared the food, slowly spooning ice cream into one another’s mouths, trying different fruits, licking bits of cream off their fingers. Rey never felt more wanted in her entire life. His eyes never left her and neither did it seem his hands, even if he was just laying his hand on her knee or tracing his name on her shoulder. Rey knew where this was heading and was hesitant. She knew her training was incomplete and worried how it could affect her commitment to the light. But when Ben was kissing her, she couldn’t care about the light or the dark, just the feel of his warm hands on her skin, the heat unfurling inside of her, the buoyancy in her steps. He whispered that he was fascinated with her, that she lived in his thoughts in all the worlds, that he longed for her when she was gone. She had never felt so wanted. She wanted this to continue forever. “Rey,are you feeling okay?” Luke asked. He had come into the mess hall to find her as she was running late. Rey was pouring her third cup of caf, willing herself to wake up. She had slept heavily and woke up feeling drugged. “I guess I’m just tired. Overslept,” she replied.“I imagine I could use the Force to re-energize?” Luke frowned. “That's close to a selfish use of the Force,” he chastised softly. “Remember, the Jedi weren’t emotionless but they let compassion and the desires for peace and knowledge guide their actions. Using the Force to help you wake up in the morning is not beneficial to anyone but you. The Dark Side believes the Force exists to meet their will; it is intrinsically motivated. We are motivated by others--we sometimes tap in to help us heal if we are sick or injured in battle but that is so we can go on with our goal of keeping peace.” “I really don’t see the difference,” she confessed. “Sometimes it’s hard to perceive that the difference between the Dark and the Light is not a difference in kind but in degrees. It’s really the same coin, just perceived differently by each user. There are definite things that you do or feel--ways to be with the Force--that separate the Dark side and the Light. But it is often how close we get to using the Force for personal gain, at the expense of others, that sets us on that path,” Luke replied. Rey felt slightly more confused by this lack of explanation but she honed in on how husky Luke's voice had become, how worn-out. “Did you get challenged on this a lot?” Rey asked. Luke paused and stared at his hands. “Kylo Ren was a student of mine when he was Ben Solo. He was enamored of the Dark Side,” He gave a wan smile. “He found order attractive--given that he was often dragged to one side of the galaxy from another or left in the hands of nannies, you can see why. The Dark Side can help flush out that which we dislike the most and elevate that which we want the most. Our Jedi training does too but it requires acceptance and change. The Dark Side doesn’t. It’s easy power, it’s an easy oblivion.” He rushed on. “And despite what you think, Rey, he didn’t lash out at Han because hated him. He killed him to ease the pain. The Dark Side brings great turmoil. I can still feel it in him. He believes the pain will overcome it. He believes Snoke can grant him the peace he seeks. He has equated power with peace.” He looked at her, searchingly. “You can bring him to the Light, Rey. We can save him. Darth Vader turned at the very end. I believe that is still possible for Ben.” Rey choked back tears. “I saw him cut Finn with a blade. I saw him kill his own father.” Luke said nothing. He radiated peace as she battled at the rising grief. She wondered if she would ever get over that terrifyingly long night, where he hunted them in the forest and pushed her to the edge. She occasionally dreamt about the interrogation room but rarely anymore. “We can’t ever truly know what is going on in someone else’s mind,” Luke offered. He stood up. “No more training today.” Rey slumped in her seat and welcomed the respite. Living almost two lives was slowly catching up to her and she began to worry that she was preferring her time with Ben than with Luke,Finn, Poe. But she dreaded dealing with it today. Tomorrow, she thought firmly. “I know what I know!” she raged at Ben. She had explained the whole conversation with Luke. Ben knew about Han and Kylo Ren from earlier conversations. He sat silently as she stumbled her way through explaining this morning’s conversation, seething anger. He toyed with a glass of Rodian wine while listening. “Listen, Rey,” he began haltingly. “Your teacher is right in one sense. We can’t ever really know what’s going on in someone else’s mind.” “He killed his father!” “People do lots of crazy things out of pain. Wives stab their philandering husbands because they are in pain. People ask to die because they are in pain,” his voice was soft. He stood next to her and began kneading her shoulders. She sighed and sank into his firm hands. He began to lay a trail of kisses along her throat, her jaw, before turning around and finding her mouth. She pushed her anger aside and let herself melt into him, into the passion he offered. He helped her forget. Rey was assigned to a group to scout Omereth, an Outer Rim water planet. Intelligence had indicated that the First Order had been seen in that sector and spending a long time on the planet, in the southern archipelagos. The spies had seen them fled and Luke wanted to know why they were there. The Republic often dismissed the planet but perhaps the First Order found something. Or perhaps it was a trap. A Jedi on the team could potentially sense a trap before it strikes, they whispered, although Luke quickly quelched that. “I can’t sense a trap?” she asked as he walked her toward the transport ship. “Some Jedi can. But you seem to be an excellent saber fighter and excel at battle meditation, Rey. Life form sensing may not be your strongest skill. But you are a strong fighter and would be a fine asset in any case,” he smoothed her hair from her face in a fatherly manner. He frowned and stared intently at her. Rey squirmed under his scrutiny. “Are you okay, Rey?”he finally asked. “Yeah, I’m fine. Why?” “There’s something different about you.” He paused and she could sense that he was scanning her with the Force. Evidently he found nothing because he stepped back with a small frown and a hmph. “Be safe. And may the Force be with you.” Rey stared at him for a moment longer before boarding the ship. The fervor between the two was growing into a heightened pitch. Rey knew how this would end. She would wake up aching each morning, feeling the whisper of hands of her hips, her back, entangling in her hair. He ground his hips into hers and she gasped. She was torn between being ready and being ashamed at these ridiculous fantasies. His hand was sliding up her shirt to cup a breast delicately and she pulled away. “What? Too quickly?” Ben looked at her with hooded eyes. She was loathed to pull out of his arms but this was becoming all too consuming. “Rey, please. I’m sorry.” “This can’t be happening. This isn’t real.” He smiled coldly at her. She frowned. “Isn’t it? You didn’t notice the bruises this morning?” Rey stilled and drew a sharp breath through her nose. She did. In the shower, she had frowned over faint purple marks on her hips, as if hands had gripped her too tightly. She had brushed it off as work related but then remembered seeing the ghost of a bruise at her collarbone and had worn a high collared shirt. Memories flooded into her of seeing his marks all over her body. She stepped back from him. Ben sat up and picked up his shirt where it had been tossed on the ground. “How is this real? Who are you really?” Ben stepped toward her and slid an arm around her waist. His response was a delicate kiss. “I trained at the Jedi Academy, Rey. A long time ago. I’m older than you but here, I can be young. I can be what you desire. Sometimes Force users can bond.” He began running his hands through her scalp, down her hair, his lips planting soft kisses on her as he murmured. He pressed his face close to hers, bending down from his incredible height. He could almost envelope her entire side with one hand. “We have that bond, Rey. And now we are here.” “Will we ever meet?” she gasped. She was dazed with the warmth flooding her system, her racing heart to absorb what he was saying. He was overwhelming her senses with his mouth on her collarbone, his hands teasing her skin as they slid up her back, his fingers dipping below her waistband. “Tell me where you are and I’ll come to you. Pilot remember?” he bit her earlobe gently and continued to move his mouth over her skin, claiming her with one press after another. His hand slid up her back again, under her shirt and he began stroking her. She arched back into his hands. She didn’t care anymore. She was engulfed with heaviness pooling between her thighs. Rey wanted to tell him. At the last minute, she turned the name of the planet into a gasp as he slid her shirt off. His mouth claimed hers again and he pulled her to the bed. He pressed his hips into hers, holding his weight off of her. He never once letting up caressing her as his mouth moved south. Rey drifted. She had never felt this good before. Sure, alone, she hadn’t denied herself self-pleasure but she was overwhelmed her. His hands were in all places at once, he was coaxing little gasps from her that she was sure in in her saner moments she would be ashamed of. She felt pressure in her mind but pushed it aside as he began to untie her pants. She let herself fall. Chapter 4 : Burn Summary: "You and your words flooded my senses Your sentences left me defenseless You built me palaces out of paragraphs You built cathedrals" Hamilton: An American Musical Notes: Thank you to everyone who has taken their time to read and to leave comments or kudos. I appreciate the feedback more than I can express. Also, yep. Totally Hamiltontrash too. Rey woke up with a start, her heart racing, her hands gripping the sheets tightly. She felt a heat spread through her body and need pulse between her legs. The memory of his every single kiss and his delicate caresses lived again on her skin. She felt bogged down with desire coursing through her skin, compelling her to dream again. She was unfinished. Awareness of others in bunks around her sank in and she staggered out of bed and into the ‘fresher to take a cold shower. She needed to tell Luke. This was becoming unbearable. She needed to find Ben and determine if she really was becoming unhinged, or if she could actually experience what he was offering her. If they could find a moment away from this madness and she could discover what it would mean to be someone’s whole world outside of her-- let's be honest, Rey, she thought--outside of these fantasies. Later that afternoon, the recon team came back to their makeshift camp. So far, they searched a half dozen islands and found nothing of note. Rey and Poe were heading out to check theirs. She straddled her land speeder and grinned at Poe on his. He jumped the kick starter and raced off, Rey close behind. Rey enjoyed the feeling of the ocean spray in her face as they zoomed west. Omereth was covered in water, with only few vividly green islands jutting up from beneath the surface. Several were covered in water most of the day and others teemed with life. She had read how the oceans here had vast ecosystems and life forms that even rivaled Mon Calamaris water civilizations. Long ago used by the Hutts as a stopping point, there were a few abandoned sites on the islands. Rey could sense a change in the air when she and Poe approached an island. An tugging at her stomach, an insistence that she stop and check it out. “I’m going for a closer look here,” she told Poe. He waved and signaled that he would head to the next one. He doubted they would find much. Rey stopped the bike shortly beyond the shore line. She longed to dig her toes into the sand and dive into the waters, but work first. She was greeted by a tranquil forest, mostly silent. This island was small, barely two kilometers wide. She stealthily slid through the jungle, reaching out with the Force to sense anything outside of native life. She was reading nil, just a drowsy heat pressing on her. After about a twenty minutes, she reached a clearing. An abandoned building squatted in the middle, mostly covered in growth, crumbling in places. She carefully moved around the edge, not daring to step out into the clearing. After she was sure no one was there, she moved out into the open to inspect the building. As she neared the entrance, the door slid open. Rey reached for her lightsaber and watched in disbelief as Kylo Ren stepped out of the building. She ignited the saber and witnessed storm troopers pouring out of the building, blasters clearly trained on her. She was trapped. There was no way she could take on two dozen troopers and Kylo Ren. She forced herself to exhale and to find her center. The Force was her ally. She needed to trust it. “Don’t be stupid,” Kylo Ren said through his mask. Rey could tell it was new, darker, the chrome gleaming in the sunlight. “Hiding the scar I gave you?,” she taunted, silently begging Luke’s forgiveness. Her fear was pushing her to new heights and she began to draw in calming breaths. Her heart began to settle. “Trying to go down fighting? How noble. And foolish.” He ignited his blade and stalked toward her. Surprisingly, he assumed a defensive position. Rey expected him to attack but instead he was waiting on her. He seemed calmer than before and if possible, even more menacing. She vainly struck out and he neatly parried before returning a fast thrust toward her. She slid into the thrust, using her strength to push back against his aggressiveness and quickly dropped her arms and swung for his sides. He parried and slammed his elbow into her face. She stumbled back and brought her blade up to meet his as he deftly moved his blade around her. She was now on the defense and could barely get an edge in otherwise, occasionally getting close. Finally she seared off an edge of his cloak and was rewarded with a blaster bolt in the leg. Another hit her in the arm, knocking her saber from her grip. Crying out, she fell to the ground. Kylo picked up her lightsaber. He cradled it close to him as if it were precious. “Not just for show, after all,” he said to the trooper. “Take her on board and treat the wounds.” “Cheater!” Rey snarled. Kylo Ren regarded her impassively. “Fighting fair is a sure way to lose.” “How did you know we would be here?” she ground out as the troopers wrestled her to her feet. She winced as pain shot through her almost useless leg. “You told me.” “Liar!” she shrieked. Kylo gestured for the troopers to stop as he strode toward her. He crouched down and brought his mask next to her face. She could see the care he had taken in constructing this one. It’s cool metal briefly touched her flushed skin and she jerked back. “You did, Rey. Don’t you remember our afternoons in the meadow, with the Rodian wine and cake? You told me.” He kept his voice low, close to her ear. Rey froze. She felt blood rushing in her ears. “No,” she whispered, her chest tightening, her breath coming in raggedly. She searched the mask in front of her, longing, needing, to see his face. Ren stood and waved imperiously at the soldiers. They began to half drag, half carry her toward a troop carrier concealed in the jungle. She ran through every single moment in the meadow since Ben appeared and details, half-ignored, began to floor her memory. She had brushed them away as products of her dream state. The scar across his face that would appear in certain lights. How he would occasionally dwarf her when he held her close. How he would slip into a dark figure, his laugh forced, his questions probing about her work with the Resistance. No. It wasn’t true. It couldn’t be. Memories raced through her mind, jumbling, whirling as a fresh wave of terror and revulsion flooded through her. He had built her a palace out of her dreams and longings and fears and had lulled her into a sense of safety before striking. He had seduced her. He had made her cry in his arms. He had told her he cared for her, wanted to be with her. She had trembled beneath him, laying bare all of her secrets and longings and he had told her he wanted to her forever. That he wanted to come find her, remove any lingering abandonment. She felt that all crumble and she abandoned herself to her misery. Chapter 5 : The Art of War Summary: "All warfare is based upon deception. Hold out baits to entice the enemy. Feign disorder, then crush them." Sun Tzu, the Art of War Potential trigger warning. Kylo Ren seduced Rey under false circumstances and she consented. He is more than willing to use the consequences to his advantage. Notes: Thank you again for all of the comments and kudos, kind readers! The angstiest chapter, I think. Redemption is still a possibility? And I'm bringing back an EU--excuse me, *Legends*--favorite!!! Rey slowly awoke, pushing through a haze of pain throbbing in her leg. She felt clumsy, her head full of cotton, and faintly woozy. She sluggishly pushed herself up to rest on her elbows to took stock of the claustrophobic room. She rested on a hard bench, harsh unfiltered lights shined on the center of the room, and a few steps away was a door with no keypad. A prisoner cell, then. A bacta pad and bandage covered her arm and she tested it, feeling little pain. She wiggled her toes and was rewarded with pain lancing through her. She clenched her teeth and tried to ignore it. She had been in worse places. It settled into a deep throb and she inspected the bandages to see it was expertly wrapped, although no pain medication seemed to have been provided. Given how well cleaned up she was, Rey wondered how long she had been out and why they were healing her if she were to be tortured later. She shuddered as she remembered the interrogation on Starkiller base, the confining chair, Kylo Ren looming over her, his hot breath skimming over her skin. Rey felt tears gathering behind her eyes as memories of his seduction, of how stupid she had been. Never had she felt so wanted in her life. He had given her exactly what she craved--he had approached her with care and consideration, gliding delicate fingers over her, always asking permission, adoring her with his every kiss and glance. And in her mind, in the dreams, she had actually let him make love to her. Now she wanted to vomit, to scrub and to sanitize her body to remove any lingering traces. Pity party over, Rey, she reminded herself sternly as her emotions threatened to override any sense she had left. This was a fast track to the Dark Side. Slowly she pulled in calming breaths and reached out for the Force-- and felt nothing. Frantically, Rey tried to dive into a meditative state. She realized with horror he could not push her pain away. She could not feel anything outside of what she was actually touching. Her mind felt shut off, almost achingly empty after living with the Force for so long. She strained at her senses--but nothing. The Force was gone. She sat up fully, grimacing in pain, and swung her legs over the side of the bed. She had two thoughts: she could sit here and wallow in her fear or she could focus. Fear and panic had taught her nothing on Jakku and she doubted it would do anything for her now. If she couldn't feel the Force, it was because maybe she was in a special cell. For a moment, Rey felt triumphant--the only reason Kylo Ren would deny her the Force was because she was more powerful than him. She let that pride eat away at her distress as she carefully scanned the cell and tested how well her leg could hold her. Damaged but she could walk. She could ignore the pain. She began stretching her leg fully before pointing her toes back at her, pushing the muscle as hard as she dared, kneading her calf, as she pulled in calming breaths. After what felt like hours, the door slid open. He walked in, masked, a droid trailing with a tray of food. Beelpop melon, cavellian creams, pukkha broth, cassius tea--all of her favorite foods. Rey ‘s lips curled as she watched the droid trundle toward, a wave of nausea threatening to overtake her. The droid placed the tray next to her and left the room. Rey stared at Ren, knowing her eyes were full of hate and not caring. “How do you feel?” he asked without preamble. “Why do you care?” Rey shot back. “Oh I care very much, Rey. You know I care. I told you I would come to you,” his voice was emotionless behind the mask. Rey felt tears spring to her eyes and she fought them back. She would give him nothing. She clenched her teeth and glared. Better to turn it to anger, she thought. No regrets. After a moment of studying her face, he reached up and removed the mask. Rey searched the face that had haunted her nightmares and had somehow morphed into a man who had worshiped her and whom she had cherished. He stared at her impassively, a pale scar dividing his features. Rey didn’t know what to say. She wanted to accuse him of so much, to leap at him and jam her fists in his face. Instead she leaned back and never removing her eyes from his face, picked up the mug of tea. No good fighting if you’re hungry, she reasoned, and took a sip.. Its flowery warmth flooded through her and reminded her of the meadow--no, she could never go there again. She made a face and swallowed the tea, a bitter taste lingering in her mouth. . “Why can’t I access the Force?” she asked casually, picking at a slice of melon. She noticed Ren was watching her intently as she sucked the juice off her finger tip before reaching for another. “You really think I’d be so foolish as to let you do that?” he mocked. “I’ve seen your training, Rey, in your mind, while you are sleeping. You are strong in the Force.” “So you admit I’m stronger than you.” “No. But I’m not above taking an advantage of knowledge that an enemy doesn’t have.” Rey decided to ignore his pontificating. “Am I drugged? Is there something special about the cell’s material?” she pressed. Ren cocked his head at her. “You really expect me to answer.” “I expect some sort of answers. You owe me that at the very least.” She met his gaze, surprised at how steady her voice was. She focused to keep her face calm. Ren started at her before he looked away and cleared his throat. “Alright, here are some. You are currently on board the Finalizer, you cannot access the Force in this room, and you are on your way to Supreme Leader Snoke. You will be perfectly safe in here. I’ve been assured we have all your favorite foods on board so please, don’t have a hunger strike.” He ran a quick eye over the nearly empty tray. “Although with you, that’s hardly an issue.” “As I recall, you enjoy a good meal yourself,” Rey rejoined softly. She couldn’t stop the pain edging into her voice. Ren looked up sharply at her tone and gazed at her face, as if seeking some sort of answer therein. She schooled her features to resemble nothing, cursing herself for giving him any hint of victory. Ren fidgeted. She could tell he wanted to pace but couldn’t. The cell was too small. It was overcrowded with him hunched in a corner, barely a half a meter between them. She turns away from his scrutiny. “What happens when I am handed over to Snoke?”, she asks. Ren, if possible, stills even more. “You will be tortured for information about Skywalker. Then you will be offered a choice--death or join the Knights of Ren.” His voice is even but he can’t keep out the note of triumph. “I don’t particularly care for either of those choices,” Rey replied coolly. “There is no middle ground with the Supreme Leader. That will be your first lesson when you become my student.” She responds to his dig with one of her own, drawling: “Yes, and I supposed the top lackey would know.” Ren snorted. “Your petty taunts mean nothing to me. Remember, I’ve you seen bare, Rey. All of you,” he laces his voice with meaning and his eyes roam over her body, his lip curling upward, possession gleaming in his eyes. Rey hunches over and crosses her arms over her chest. She glares at him. “What do you want?” she spits out. He doesn’t answer, just continues to watch her. Silence settles over the pair, almost familiar and almost comfortable, an old friend. Rey rejects the notion and pushes it aside, wills herself to ignore him and began to meditate. It takes all of her strength to close her eyes in front of him and fold her legs into the lotus position. She hisses as her leg protests moving. A beat later, she hears the door slide open and Ren leave. It will take all of her courage and wits to survive meeting Snoke. She has to focus and ignore the hole in her heart where all of her longings and hopes used to be. Time to close it, she thought. A hour or so later, a pair of stormtroopers enter, a medical attendant between them. She is bearing a tray. “Lord Ren indicated you were in some pain. I am here to examine you,” she begins and punches into a holopad. She gestures toward Rey’s leg and kneels down to look it over. She prescribes some medication and moments later, Rey sags as the dull ache in her leg fades. While the doctor attends to her, the troopers keep their blasters leveled at Rey’s head and heart. Finally they leave and Rey can no longer hold up the pretense. Rey collapses and softly begins to cry. Never had she cried so much on Jakku, the heat eating away all of her moisture but at least it allowed her hopes and dreams. Ren had taken those from her and she felt as if she had nothing of herself anymore. Dullness throbs in her chest as she wiped away her tears. She couldn’t let him win. Quietly, she focused on Finn--his easy smile, his warmth, his courage--and Poe, his kindness, his camaraderie, on Leia and her quick acceptance of Rey, the way she ran a motherly hand over her hair, the peaceful afternoons where she asked Rey in for tea, for a quick chat--stolen moments for a general, looking to ease her grief. Of Luke, who cheated at cards, whose gentleness and love for her took her breath away when she thought of it. The bond they had formed on the island had carried through to the Resistance base--how he always asked first, how he let her take the lead in lessons, how he trusted her to know where her limits were. She had love. She had a family. Rey curled into a ball and holding her thoughts close, fell into what she hoped was dreamless sleep. She was at meadow. No, no, no, she couldn’t be here, she cried. She whirled around and began to run, run away from the tent, and the flowers, and the waterfalls, and all the deceit. Trust and acceptance had ruined her once before. How could she not learn? Didn’t the desert teach harsh lessons? How could she be so stupid not to remember? She even began to wonder if her newly fashioned family wouldn’t just abandon her too. They didn’t even know where Snoke was--it was constantly drummed into Resistance spies to find him. She was left alone. Sobbing, she threw herself down on a bed of moss, nestled between tree roots, and let despair take her. She didn’t see Ben watching over, anguish stamped on his face. Chapter 6 : Sustained Possibilities Summary: In which Kylo Ren invites Rey to dinner "In flirtation, one does not take risks, one only sustains their possibilities." Adam Philips, On Flirtation Notes: Thank you for all of your notes and feedback and kudos! There's been some comments about Kylo Ren. I hadn't intended to spend too much time in his head. But I wrote a little ficlet today to address what he was doing at D'Qar. I posted it on my tumblr here: http://hauscrashburn.tumblr.com/post/137249857865/best-laid-plans-kylo-ren-ficlet Please excuse the length. There's a lot happening here and no natural place to cut. Many thanks to Timothy Zahn for his brilliant creation and I intend no harm in yoinking it for use here. It was a sleepless night for the most part. Rey jolted awake after a few hours and tossed restlessly, reluctant to return to her dream land. All pleasure and meaning had been drained away, leaving only hollow images, chasing her into corners.. She assumed Ren had been manipulating her with the dark side of the Force and had assumed she would be safe in her cell. She begun to worry that they would plague her until her death, certain on the horizon. A pragmatist she was, but she could not envision turning to the dark side just to escape with her life. She squeezed her eyes shut and let her mind travel back to the island, to Luke’s soothing voice and found her center. Rey took small comfort in that so far Ben did not appear. A part of her longed to see him just to punish him, to teach him not to mess with scavengers from Jakku. And although Rey was loathe to admit it, a tiny bit of her hoped he was as miserable as her, bones aching for tenderness, arms empty after weeks of fulfillment. After her day of tears, Rey refused to let herself fall into despair. She allowed herself moments of melancholy and spent the first morning in her cell building walls around her heart, emptying herself. Beyond protection, she needed to ponder her survival chances. So far, she reasoned, they were stacked against her, confident that if she went to Snoke, if she went before him unprepared, that she would die. She was familiar with death, her constant companion during scarce months in Jakku, but she always planned to meet it with dignity and without fear. Luminous beings are we , Luke’s lesson comforted her. She crafted a dozen plans in her head, discarding each of them. She needed more information and cursed Ren and the First Order for this useless cell and for whatever was blocking her from the Force. Rey continued her stretches and exercises, even though the tight space made more than a few bends and stretches impossible. She focused on meditating and breathing. They took her lightsaber but she ran through the forms as if she had one, mindful that she probably looked extremely silly on the closed circuit feed. She was visited three times a day by a droid, carrying a tray of foods, often one or two provoking memories of the meadow. She locked them away and deliberately wiped her mind of any association with food. She would form no attachments, she thought mercilessly. On her second full day, she was escorted into a ‘fresher by a soldier. She scrubbed at her body, wishing to erase any trace of Ben. She rapidly blinked back tears upon noticing the fading love bites at her collarbone. She hated them, reviled them, wished to obliterate the memories her body seemed to cling to. Luke’s teachings tugged at her mind--she shouldn’t hate them. She vainly reached out to feel the Force and felt foolish. Loneliness. She had been alone before but rarely achingly lonely. The Force, a constant presence, was gone, letting her fully feel for the first time, a life without it. She felt trapped, with only her mind and her thoughts, running endlessly circles until thinking exhausted her. She leaned against the shower wall and let the water beat down her back and tried not to think. Rey was escorted down hallways. A blindfold had been placed over her eyes. She reached out fiercely to try to sense the Force, hoping that away from her cell, that should tap in. But, again, nothing. She begun to wonder if the ship was in fact constructed of some material that could repeal the Force, despite the fact that would contradict everything Luke had taught her. After a lengthy walk, some time in a lift, and troopers digging their fingers so hard into her arm, blasters pressed firmly into her back, that she knew she would bruise for days, she was jerked to a stop. They took off her blindfold and she blinked rapidly, eyes adjusting to the light. She looked around her to see the trooper had a brown lizard like creature wrapped around a wooden frame attached to his uniform. The lizard stared balefully back at her. Rey stared at it, confusion on her brow, before she was shoved into a room. A large sitting room greeted her. Doors closed off indicated other rooms in the areas attached to the sitting room. Off to her left was a small kitchen where Kylo Ren seemed to be engrossed in cooking. Rey took a moment to absorb that image, disbelief and fear creeping around her mind, fighting for dominance before a wry determination won. She continued to examine the room. Curiously, other branches with the brown lizards reclined, seemingly placed haphazardly. Rey briefly wondered if the First Order had a reptilian fetish as the troopers removed her wrist and leg restraints. She refused to acknowledge his presence. “Ysalamir,” Ren’s low voice rumbled. “They aren’t really lizards, they are ysalamir. From Myrkr. I doubt Skywalker mentioned them to you.” Rey looked at him warily. She hadn’t expected him to offer up information. She refused to respond, mentally acknowledging the childishness of her actions. She rubbed her wrists to remove the feel of the binders. Ren was watching her, a cautious look on his face. “They can repel the Force. Or rather, they emit a bubble that doesn’t allow us to manipulate it.” “And you think it’s a wise idea to have those around the ship?” she asked incredulously before chastising herself for talking. Her mind raced: how can an animal repeal the Force? She stepped closer to the lizard to inspect it. About 50 centimeters (19 inches long), the ysalamir gripped wooden branches, claws sunk deep into the wood. It looked completely unremarkable. “They’re for you, Rey.” “I’m flattered but I would prefer my freedom,” she retorted. Ren seemed to be busy chopping something, judging by the sounds. Rey began a slow tour of the room. “Aren’t you worried about being attacked?” “I have my lightsaber and I excel in combat,” he replied,without grace or venom. “But thank you for your concern.” “Yes, you excel so much that you bring stormtrooper back up to take out your opponents,” she mocked. He didn’t respond outside of a slight chuckle. Rey started at the sound, at how similar it sounded to Ben’s rich mirth. She quickly pushed the remembrance to the side and focused on what she was seeing. No attachments, she thought fiercely. She luxuriated in the warm, airy space after being cooped up in her tiny cell. She kept flicking glances at Ren, who seemed uninterested in her. She would show nothing, she told herself. But as the heady scents of fresh-- fresh!-- cooked foods hit her nose, her stomach grumbled loudly. Traitor, she thought glumly at it. Ren’s rooms were not what she would call extravagant but they were well appointed. The room was black and greys, much like the ship. Other than two spindly chairs, there were no other furnishings in what was clearly a living room. Shelves lined the wall, filled with what she imagined were art, although who could see something in the twisted metal sculptures. They would be better served as scrap for portions. She reached the end of her tour, taking in how the other doors were locked. She imagined stormtroopers were placed outside of his suites. She stood before a dining room and watched him carry steaming plates to the table. He gestured toward a chair before turning back to the kitchen to pick up his glass of wine. He had abandoned the cloak, dressed only in black tunic and trousers, his mask nowhere in sight, hands hidden in gloves. His hair stuck to his head, dried sweat evident from the way his sleeves were rolled up to his elbows, revealing forearms covered in scar tissue. Rey inhaled sharply and turned her eyes to the table to scan for potential weapons. He had prepared a meal to be eaten without silverware. She cursed him under her breath. “Please, join me for dinner,” he gestured again toward the food. The spicy smells intoxicated her, piqued her curiosity to determine if this waste of human space was capable of cooking. A quick glance into the kitchen showed pots and pans piled up. Her stomach once again reminded her that the droid had only come once this morning. She idly wondered if that was deliberate, in order to ensure her compliance at dinner. She didn’t doubt it. Ren was excellent at manipulation. She snarled inwardly as she realized she had become too used to three squares a day. Reluctantly, she moved closer to the table, one eye on Ren, scanning his face for a hint of his intentions. . In the middle of the table nestled a warm pot of cassisus tea. Rey glared at it and clenched her jaw, her teeth biting her inside cheek furiously. She wanted nothing more than to throw it in his face. Everything on the table was designed to provoke, yet again. Even the cream colored table cloth invoked the tent in the meadow. He had the gall to place a vase of flowers in the middle. It was all too extravagant and all designed to torture. “What do you want from me?” she ground out. She wanted the charade to end. It was exhausting. Ren took a seat and began placing food on his plate. “Dinner, that’s all. Please. I worked hard to cook these all for you.” “Like I care,” she growled.. Ren sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. She sensed he was holding back with her, that his composure was fragile at best and the right provocation would yield the fight she wanted. She had heard rumors of his terrible temper, how he had lashed out with his saber when things weren’t going his way. She briefly wondered if the twisted metal sculptures were constructed from the damage he wrought. “Rey, all I would like is dinner with you. We will be at Snoke’s soon. It’s imperative you are well-fed and strong for your meeting with him. He insists we treat you with the utmost care.” His voice was strained. He again pointed at a seat. “Please sit down and have some dinner. I promise you don’t have to talk. It’s just dinner.” “I can eat dinner in my rooms.” “Yes but I can’t eat dinner with you in your rooms,” he shot back. He stood up abruptly, walked toward her. Rey tensed and prepared for a fight. He pulled out a chair and again pointed at it. “Sit.Down. The food is getting cold and I don’t anticipate dining with you standing up here pointing blaster bolt eyes at me with your grumbling stomach as background music.” Rey scowled at him. He blew out his breath and waited. Finally, she edged forward and sat down. This close to him she could smell his aftershave and she inhaled sharply. Pine and moss, just like Ben’s, just like her meadow. She felt her fury rise in her throat and she pushed it down. Just eat and go, she said to herself. And, as punishment, she resolved to eat like the desert rat she was. She loaded her plate after she watched him eat, convinced it wasn’t poisoned. She began to shovel the food in her mouth, rarely stopping to breathe. She noticed Ren had stopped and had glared at her, aghast at her manners. “Force, I can’t take you anywhere,” he muttered as he slammed back his wine. She watched him chug it out of the corner of her eye while she gnawed at a bone. She didn’t want to admit it, but the meat was well spiced and cooked to perfection. But she couldn’t resist nettling him. “Your droid cooks well,” she offered as she sat up and began licking sauce off her fingers. Dimly she noticed that he had frozen in her seat, meat halfway to his mouth, his eyes devouring her every move. She stopped and straightened in her seat. He cleared his throat and turned away. “A droid doesn’t cook for me. I make my food,” he responded. Rey raised an eyebrow. “I didn’t know you were capable of creation. Only destruction.” “Creation and destruction are the same force,” he replied simply. “It’s simple physics. It requires all the same energy. I created food but I destroyed something to make it.” Rey snorted. “That is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard,” she snapped. “I wouldn’t expect a simple scavenger to understand, especially one with such grotesque manners. Can you even read?” he poked. Rey drew back, wounded. She knew he has seen into her mind back on Starkiller base, her memories of her struggling to sound out words, aided occasionally by strangers at Niima outpost. Rey felt tears gather behind her eyes and pushed them back, grateful that the Force was gone and Ren could not read her thoughts now. She turned her attention to the food, picked up the mug of tea to warm her hands. She stared into the liquid and began to wonder about all of this extravagance. A well cooked meal, ysalamari, medical attention--her leg and arm were both healed, her leg bearing a pinking scar which was fading each day. Ren was almost too attentive. He had even said please earlier. She began to string together all of the thoughts, to determine his game. How did they all hang together? What did he want? “Forgive me,” he said a moment later. “I shouldn’t have said that to you. I really do admire you, Rey.” Surprised she turned to look fully at his face. He was open, his brown eyes warm and full of depth. She would not let herself fall for it. “It takes a lot to survive and I’ve been to your hovel in Jakku.” Her brows shot up. How much did he know? What had he been doing? “Why?” “Before one prepares for war, a general needs to know three things: the way, the weather, the enemy.” “The weather?” She was skeptical. Ren laughed. Rey was jolted at how pleasant it sounded, how it mirrored Ben’s laugh almost exactly. His was lower than Ben’s, a rumble that started in his chest and slid, like velvet down her spine. It tugged at her belly. She banished the memories that began to creep into her consciousness yet again. Gods, how much attention she needed to give to not give something her attention. It grated on her nerves and she reminded herself that no matter similar they sounded, they were not the same. “It’s old advice from before the Clone Wars. But many of the principles hold the same.” “I didn’t realize we were at war.” “Oh, Rey,” he said softly, breathing her name as if it were a prayer. She felt another jolt in her belly. Ben had sounded exactly like that as he had slid off her shirt, kissing every freckle on her body as if he were a devoted acolyte venerating his goddess. She inhaled shakily and stood abruptly. “I need to use the ‘fresher,” she said. He gestured toward a door on the other side of the room. Aware that his eyes were watching her every move, she quickly hurried into the fresher and leaned against the closed door. Her body was betraying her. Her skin was longing for his touch, her lips burning to graze his skin, to actually know if his stubble felt as raw against her jaw as she had dreamt. She vibrated with want. She drew in slow calming breaths and worked to center herself. She knew what he was doing. She would not, would not, be taken in this way again. She loathed how he made her feel so important, so vital to him, as if his being revolved around her. Ren had played on her secret yearning to be loved and to be wanted. She refused to be baited again. If this was war, all war was based on deception and he had a lead on her. She would not yield. Rey returned to the dining room and finished her meal in silence, avoiding his gaze. Ren had said very little in return and had begun to clean up the kitchen when the troopers arrived to escort her to her cell, where she collapsed on the bed in relief, and shakily forced herself into some sort of calm, refusing to acknowledge the effect he still had on her traitorous heart, her treasonous body. She felt entombed in her aching skin and forced herself to meditate, to will it all away. Chapter 7 : Fine Wines and Graces Summary: A short dinner chapter but where Rey is enticed with lingerie and makeup. What? Notes: So sex is coming up, probably in the next chapter. This one is short because I didn't have a natural break otherwise. The next one will be longer and will finally answer why would you want to figure someone out if you could just have sex with them? Anticipation, spoilers for my own story, god I am the worse writer ever. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The next day ran much like every other. Rey ran exercises and stretches in her cell. They gave her a holopad with books loaded on it but without access to the mainframe or databases. She spent some time trying to unlock it but gave up, realizing they must have removed the chip which would allow her to hack into their systems. She spent time thinking about Kylo Ren, what she knew of him, of Ben, of war. She suspected that she would be requested to dine with him until they arrived at Snoke’s planet, wherever that may be. The Resistance had believed it existed away from hyperspace channels, making it difficult to get to without a long journey. A trooper arrived at her door again just as she guessed and escorted her to the ‘fresher. She handed Rey a pile of clothes and gestured toward a collection of beauty products to brighten her skin and darken her eyes. She glowered at them. As if she would get tarted up for him. The clothes were a marked improvement over her fatigues that she had been wearing since she arrived. Privately, she was relieved that they were providing her with something fresher. It was a square necked russet colored tunic that fell to her knees and ended with a three quarter length sleeves. Beige leggings and fawn colored boots completed the set as well as fresh underthings. Everything was of fine cloth, smooth between her fingers and light against her skin. Rey’s cheeks burned as she realized how they would’ve measured her for them. She is blindfolded again as she is escorted back to his rooms. They deposited her into the warm foyer, redolent with sharp smells and nectarous scents. Her mouth immediately began to water. She immediately noticed that the sitting room now had a couch with a low table in front of it and eyed it cautiously. Ren was again, unmasked and cooking. Steam wafted around him, his black hair clinging to his face. He absently brushed it away as he briefly looked up to greet her. “Evening. Drinks are on the table.” She turned to see two glasses of wine waiting on the sitting room table. She lifted her chin proudly. “Before we get started, let’s make one thing clear. I am not your prostitute,” her voice was firm. He looked up startled. “What?” He was holding a pot of something steaming and furiously swore as he transferred it to another plate. “The makeup, the clothes,” she prompted him. “I owe you nothing.” She continued to challenge him as she took in his bewildered expression before he responded absentmindedly. His attention was still clearly on the food preparation process. “I don’t know what gave you that idea. I asked them to use what medical data they had to find you some clothes. You were smelling ripe yesterday. I thought you’d be pleased.” “Lingerie and makeup are a little bit more than ‘some clothes’” she countered. He laughed dryly while he carried the plates to the table. “That wasn’t my idea but maybe I should thank someone?” His voice was sardonic as he began to clean up the kitchen. “Dinner is almost ready. Let me know what you think of the wine.” He wasn’t going to answer, she thought sourly, and it figures. Coward. She strode toward the wine and lifted the glass, sniffed it, and took a sip. It was gold colored and cool and felt as if she had placed petals on her tongue. It tasted of sunshine and hope but she banished the thought. She could never associate that with him. What was him and flowers, she wondered as she turned to inspect the table. “We have lao-mon sliders and salad this evening.” He turned to see her run a finger down a fork, as if evaluating its use in planting it in his throat. She watched him as he warily walked toward her and placed a bowl of greens on the table. Rey was staring intently at him and he shifted under the weight of her gaze. He took a swallow of the wine and Rey noticed that he always stalked across rooms, grabbed at things, took large bites of food, gulps of wine or beer. She wondered if any possibility of delicacy existed within him. They sat down and ate in silence. She caught him opening his mouth occasionally as if to say something but closing it quickly, his eyes averted. She drank her wine, snarkily complimented his cooking, and was escorted back to his rooms. Notes: According to Wookiepedia, the Jedi Code encouraged the Jedi to have sex with prostitutes rather than forming attachments. The Sith were known for being physical beings in the EU, such as Revan. My headcanon: Rey knows the obscure Jedi code (Luke abandons it because he believes it creates the grounds for dark Jedi to grow) and Sith history (she secretly reads the books when Luke is gone). She suspects Ren is playing a game, looking for a good time and wonders what else he wants to teach her. The wine is Naboo flower wine. Chapter 8 : Fools We Make Ourselves Summary: “Why would a person want to understand someone, or even cure them, rather than have sex with them?” Adam Philips, "Terrors and Experts" All of the tension comes to a head and Kylo Ren and Rey have one choice: to fight or to fuuuuuuu. Which one will they choose? Trigger warning for violence against women and men. Just violence in general. Notes: I struggle with writing about fighting and sex so any pointers will be gratefully appreciated. And thank you to everyone who has read, commented, bookmarked, and kudo'dI think we've got about 6 more chapters to go. I'm finishing the end on my side and trying to tighten things up. Hope you enjoy this long erchapter! The scenes play eerily the same for the next two days. Morning and afternoons in her cell, devoted to stretches and meditation. She has been so long without the Force now that she wondered how it would feel when she could reach out to it again. She found herself loathing the ysalamir with all her heart. Evenings were with Ren in his rooms. Sometimes he talked to fill the silence, mentioning books and films she had never heard of. She sat stonily, eating an expertly prepared meal. Her heart occasionally skips a beat when she catches him gazing at her face, occasionally when he gets too close and brushes her arm with the back of his hand. She refuses to show any enjoyment, refuses to engage with him. By the fifth night, it was becoming ridiculous. She was weary of the silence, the way he treated her more like a treasured pet on a leash than a prisoner. She began to wonder what he got out of their dinners together. While lying on her cot, she remembered a story Leia told her of Ben. He had been an awkward teenager, all elbows and knees, struggling to gain finesse with the Force. He had been massively talented at birth. Leia recounted how she walked into his nursery and had seen toddler Ben levitating in the air, laughing, and how her heart had stuttered. As a teenager, Ben struggled at the academy. The other students knew his grandfather had been Darth Vader and had teased him mercilessly. “He always had a soft heart,” Leia would say although Rey was skeptical at best. She had experienced no softness. Until now. In fact, he had been extremely solicitous. He asked her if she wanted more food or drink. He never prodded when she refused to answer. He held out her chair. Since her complaint about the makeup and lingerie, she had only been provided with plain clothes and no beauty products. She began to believe maybe Luke and Leia were right about him. But her instincts, honed by a harsh life and assisted by betrayal, kept her from trusting him completely. “Where did you learn to cook?” she asked that night. He looked up at her, startled, and she noticed pleasure briefly flitting across his face. “As a child, I was often left to my own devices. I also hated the food at the academy. So I taught myself.” He shrugged. “Seems like a good skill to have.” “I bet your mother loved it when you cooked dinner,” she commented quietly. His face shuttered and his hands gripped his glass so hard that his leather glove creaked. “Sorry,” she quickly said and reached over to cover his fist with her hand. “ That was uncalled for.” He slowed his rapid breathing and looked pointedly at her hand. Hesitantly, she withdrew it, wondering why she had offered comfort. Rey tilted her head back and blew out her breath, raising her arms overhead to stretch. Her full belly protested the movement. She took a sip of wine and steeled herself to ask what she had been longing to know since Ben had whispered into her ear their last night together. “You said--well Ben said--” she stuttered. She pauses to collect herself. “Yes. I knew you at the Jedi academy,” he supplied. She looked at him sharply. She hardly dared breathe. “Your parents brought you to be tested when you were young. I didn’t know you exactly,” he clarified, “but I knew of you. You were in a different class. At that point, I was frequently away from the Academy, running errands for Skywalker.” “Your uncle Luke,” she prompted. “Ben Solo’s uncle,” he sneered. “Ben Solo is dead.” “He wasn’t dead a few weeks ago.” There. It was out in the open. He smiled darkly, all teeth and edges. “No, your version of Ben Solo lives. In your mind.” “How did you get in there?,” she demanded, all but snarling, leaning out of her seat. She wanted him to confirm what she had come to consider truth. “Oh, come on, Rey. You know,” he taunted, his eyes merciless, his tone low and mocking. She bared her teeth at him and clenched her fists. “I really enjoyed watching that world develop. All it took were a few suggestions here and there to your sleeping mind. Did you like the way he kissed you? I thought you might. All soft, all following your lead. And you liked to be on top, just as I imagined.” Rey leapt at him, her fist landing squarely in his face. He fell back out of the chair and sprang to his feet, his fist connecting with her gut. Her breath whooshed out of her with a jolt of pain. She dropped into a squat and jabbed, hitting his inner thigh. He grunted and rammed his elbow into her chest. She scrambled backward, grabbed out for the chair and, steadying, swung it at him. He turned his back to her, taking the blow before whipping back and grabbing the legs. He pulled the chair toward him and wrapped his fingers around her throat, squeezing. She lashed out and jammed her elbow into his solar plexus, slammed her foot near his groin. Panting, he left go and she grabbed his arm, wrapped it around her shoulder and threw their bodies on the ground. She heard a satisfying crunch beneath her arm as she broke his nose. “You lied to me,” she yelled, almost hysterical. “You made me believe--” “You believed what you wanted to!” he roared, blood staining his face as he yanked her up. She clawed at him and he pushed her back. She stumbled and fell over the couch. Rey crab crawled away, never removing her eyes from him, as he stood watching her, breathing heavily, his face pulsing with anger. “Did you really think someone could want you?” He jeered. “A little scavenger savage, no breasts or hips to you?" They stalked around the room, she square across from him, her arms loose at her side. “I’ve seen you. Without the Force, you are nobody. “ He waved around the room. “What have you got? A few more punches left in you. Nothing.” Rey was panting, each breath bringing in a sharp sting. She eyed him cautiously as she looked for a weakness. He wiped the blood off his face, smearing it over his cheek, enlivening his scar. “Looks like your face has another gift from me,” she taunts right before she strikes. The palm of her hand connects with his sternum and he stumbles back. She follows it up with a fast kick in his knee. He sways but doesn’t go down--he snatches her ankle and twists, throwing her to the ground. She grunts and lashes out, jerking her foot near his groin.He jumps back and she rolls to her feet. As she turns toward him, he punches her in the face, her jaw exploding in pain. His long reach means her return jab falls short. She hurls herself forward and hits him in the gut. They tumble down together. He hooks his leg around her and roll her under him, grabbing both her wrists in his large hand. He sits squarely on her, his weight heavy. She bucks, trying to throw him off, but he bears down harder, heaving, squeezing her wrists together painfully. Winded she collects her breath and growls at him. And to her surprise, he savagely kisses her. And, to her astonishment, she responds. Hungrily, blindly, they nip at each other, his tongue slipping between lips to caress the inside of her mouth. He lets go of her wrists and she buries her hands in his hair, running them through his thick dark curls. She had wondered how they felt for so long. His stubble scrapes against her face as he moves his lips across her, paying homage to each freckle on her checks, one finger running down her throat, the leather a glorious rasping against her skin. Rey feels her internal defenses fall as she pushes him back, her lips demanding, her nails digging into his back. His lips are softer than Ben’s, full, insistent. For a moment, Ben and Kylo blur into one another, and then he rolls her over, so that she rests on top of him, his hands running up and down her shirt, kneading her arm muscles. He groans and slides her down to sit fully on him, thrusting up against her, rubbing, pooling heat in her thighs, pulsing. She became aware of the heaviness in her breasts, as if he willed them into being with his with his delicate touch. She lost herself in his fullness pressed against her, rocking insistently. He sighs in her mouth and she is living in seconds; it is agonizing how he draws out the short gasps from her, how soft flames are slowly licking up her thighs and sit heavily in her belly, building, burning, almost unbearable. Rey’s rational mind screams at her. This was insanity itself. He has worn her down, his every move designed to seduce. He was her enemy--he has said as much. But in those moments, Rey can’t imagine anyone else’s hands, anyone else’s lips. His mouth is melded to hers, suckling at her ears, teeth biting softly before moving down to lick and suck at her collarbone. She can’t tell where she ends and where he begins. These strange thrills ripple through her, wrap her mind in a fog until she is a boneless, graceless thing at the mercy of his mouth and hands. With a grunt, Ren lifts her off him and slides away from her. His chest is heaving and she feels as if she only exists with his weight on her, dissipating into heavy skin, brimming with desire, as he pulls away. Her mind struggles to emerge through the haze. “Stormtroopers will be here any minute now,” Kylo Ren gasps. And it is Kylo Ren, a part of her mind insists, throwing up images of stormtroopers, a pulsing red lightsaber, a snow covered forest. She pushes them away, too impatient to fully follow when her body demands this now. “Can’t you send them away?” She’s pleading; she’s aghast at her pleading. He shakes his head, curls clinging to his cheeks. “Everything I do is reported to Snoke,” he croaked out as he struggled to draw in calming breaths. Rey stills and her heart begins to slow. Snoke. She wonders if the room is bugged, if Ren is using the ysalamir to protect him from Snoke as much as prevent her from lashing out. She follows suit, using Jedi breathing--out the mouth, in the nose. Rey sits up and begins to straighten her clothes. Her heart, the treacherous little thing, cries out against her actions and she craves its acquiescence to her sensible nature. That nature which is now shrieking at her in horror. She shoves it all into the dark corners of her mind as she begins to pick up the mess of the room with Kylo.They are careful with each other, avoiding looking at one another, straining to keep the distance between them. She recognizes that if either one crosses that hastily constructed line that they rule out any return. Moments later the stormtroopers arrive. The room doesn’t look as if there has been a tussle. Once his kisses have subsided, the pain in her jaw replaces it. She still feels flustered and Ren is composed, wishing her a good evening and ordering a medical attendant to visit her as the blindfold is placed back on. Once the medical attendant leaves her alone in the cell, the room is darkened and she returns to Ren’s fervent kisses, his delicate hands, raising goosebumps on her skin. She thrusts her hands between her legs and seeks out the pleasure he denied her. Alone, on Jakku, she could entertain herself with various ways to bring pleasure but now there is an urgency. She wants his hands on her. She nurtures the hunger that has developed between them until she finds her release and with a sharp gasp, her legs shaking, she swallows and licks her dry lips, slumps into the mattress, and slips into slumber. Chapter 9 : Unlocked Summary: Rey's mind is uncloaked and her memories of her life before Jakku come flooding back. Notes: Somewhere between 2/3 to 3/4 done. I've finished this on my end so I just need to tighten up a few scenes for you guys and gals. Thank you for your kind comments and kudos. I hope you've enjoyed the ride so far. I teared up while I wrote this. I put Rey through so much but it all has a purpose. Thank you for reading. She hasn’t dreamt of the meadow since her first night on the Finalizer. She assumed it was because the ysalamir and wonders how it’s happening tonight. Kylo Ren--and it is Ren, all midnight clothes and striking scar--waits for her. She sees the differences between the two more clearly now. Ben more hunched than Ren, always drew his shoulders close as if to diminish his height, standing with his arms slightly akimbo--Ren, standing straight, the military training apparent, his arms stiff by his side. Ben, a welcoming grin on his face. Ren, slightly paler, mistrust tight around his eyes, his lips compressed. But the similarities are still there, the way his hands twisted in his clothes, his soft lips, his slight apprehension as if awaiting a swift rebuke. “Rey,” he greets her in a faint voice. “Ren...Ben…” she stops. “I’m not sure what to call you here.” “I’m fully myself here, now,” he answered. “I’m not playing to court you.” Rey is silent. She had gathered that he was moving to seduce her into a position, to gain a student, information, or more. “And the purpose was to lure me, or, if really lucky, find the Resistance?” she hazards her guess. He nods, his face blank. Rey sighs and tightens her lips. Her stomach drops as the total weight of her foolishness came crashing around her. She wonders if the Resistance is in danger for the thousandth time since she’s been brought on board. “I never found the Resistance in your mind,” he offers and reaches a hand up to smooth away her worry lines. She leans into his palm and holds back a moan. She couldn’t examine this too closely, not now. “How are you doing this?” “Our Force bond. It lets me travel into your mind and meet this to you. I used your memories to create the place,” his gesture is jerky as he waves his arm around to indicate the meadow, the tent. She nods, swallows hard. She doesn’t know whether to be flattered or angry and settles on frustrated. She can work with frustration. “Rey, I need to give you a gift before we get to Snoke,” his voice is urgent. She looks searchingly into his dark eyes, attempting to mine the deeper meaning. “A gift.” She is unbelieving. He nods. She knows he can read everything on her face. He reaches for her and places a kiss on her forehead before whispering in her ear: “I give you your memories.” In that moment, a dam is broken and her shrouded life comes flooding back in full detail. Long grass waved in the breeze as a young Rey was tossed in the air by a laughing man. A woman stood beside him, pride on her face. “You are just like your great uncle Ben,” the man said. “And soon, you too will be a Jedi under Luke Skywalker!” The man’s chest seemed to swell as he looked down on the small girl, her hair in three small buns. She couldn’t have been more than four. More memories follow of a brother, snuggling in a bed with a mother, a father, family gatherings, obvious enjoyment when Jedi Master Luke Skywalker comes to test young Rey and her strength was so clear, another presence. . “A focal point for the Force,” he murmurs. Training on a forest planet. Rey handily excels in the earliest lessons--meditation, focus, levitation. She often earns the scorn of the other children who struggle. She offers to show them but she is rejected, jeered at, often exploring the jungles of the academy, secretly spying on the older trainees. She battles against a rising bitterness and loneliness, only broken by the one-on-one tuition with Master Skywalker, occasionally joined by a gangly teenage boy, on the cusp of knighthood. Once he uncovered Rey sobbing in a corner and hoisted her on his shoulders, took her out under the trees and sat with her, making flower chains, rambling on about famous Jedi while the sun sank in the sky. She never let him know the relief that had overflowed in her heart that day and how she cherished that moment, holding it close, using it to keep her joy alive when despair threatened to overtake her. The pinched lips and worry lines on Master Skywalker’s face as he compels her to forget before loading her with the rest of the younglings into a transport, a pilot promising he would return the younglings back to family. Being traded to Unkar Plutt for a fee, the pilot reminding her that no one was above turning a profit. She screams at the sky, reaching out blindingly for what she assumes was her family but she no longer knows. Tears choke her and she is dragged off, pressed into cleaning whatever Plutt dumps in front of her for food. Rey learns hunger. She learns fierceness, how to measure if someone is a friend or foe. She learns how to be alone. ****************************** Rey wakes up in her cell, tears scoring her face. Sobs wrack her chest and she turns into the wall, hugs her knees to her chest, and weeps for the life she had known and for the family that she had been coerced into forgetting. Chapter 10 : Everything But Reason Summary: But that does nothing to answer the lust that has been curling in her belly all day, the looks he’s given her throughout the night, how he’s drunk several ales already, sweat beading his brow. She has never been more certain in that moment what he wants from her and she presses her thighs together. Notes: Thank you for all your kind and helpful reviews and for your time. I appreciate that you have taken time to share this crazy weird thing with me. I cannot write sex to save my life so good luck with below. Potential trigger warning for what can seem to start out as non-con. “Are they alive?” she asks Ren that night once she is in his quarters. Oddly, a stormtrooper is stationed inside, by the door, far back enough that he cannot hear what they are saying if they keep their voices low. She wonders if it is his doing or if Snoke had seen what transpired last night and shivers. Snoke existed as a phantom for so long that his tangibility was in doubt. Only here in Ren’s rooms did she think he existed. Their lives are now numbered in moments rather than years. “I don’t know,” his voice is low as he chops vegetables for their dinner. “It would be too dangerous to look now--for you and them. You’ve become quite well known. The first of the new Jedi.” His lips twist in a sneer at the last lines and Rey frowns. A beer sits in front of her, untouched. She’s afraid of losing her carefully harnessed control tonight. She has concluded he is too because his mask is out, darkly gleaming on the dining room table. She faces away from it, looks at Ren’s pale face, long hair pushed back, biting his lip in a moment of concentration. “Why the ysalamir?” “Snoke. It’s standard operating procedure to bug the rooms and he can reach me through the Force. We are safe here, for now. I’ve scrambled most of the bugs and he allows the ysalamir in this room. He believes it’s for me to control you.” “Well you’re not doing a very good job.” He grunts. “You’re telling me.” He stares at her, his eyes roving her face. “Which is why we need to have a long conversation. We arrive in three days. I need you to be prepared.” He clears his throat, steps out of the kitchen and stalks toward the stormtrooper, exuding menace and authority. “I’ve overestimated her. You can leave now,” he orders. “Yes sir”. The door hisses on his departure, the lock loud in the room. Rey wants to rush into his arms but fear is lacing her system. He hasn’t dropped his guard. At this moment, he is the embodiment of what Kylo Ren wishes to be. He turns back to her and enters the kitchen. As he picks up the blade, he begins to ease out of his frightful persona. “There are two of you,” she murmurs thoughtfully. Ren hunches as if she has raised her hand at him. “Yes, but Snoke has all but killed Ben Solo. He only lives because you keep him alive.” His voice is light and Rey can’t believe how casual he is about being eradicated, about how he let himself be absorbed and twisted into another being. “Thinking that I am only Kylo Ren, that no hope of Ben exists is key to us getting close to Snoke.” “And what happens when we do?” “We are going to kill him.” Rey gasps and sits back. Ren continues to prepare dinner, scraping vegetables into a simmering broth. He wipes his hand on a cloth and takes a swallow of beer and she watches his throat working. It boggles her mind, these conflicts that he lives daily. Domesticity, cruelty, authority, kindness, violence. She thinks he doesn’t even know who he is anymore, consumed with a desire to escape Snoke. If it brought him back to Luke, she would be more than game. But that does nothing to answer the lust that has been curling in her belly all day, the looks he’s given her throughout the night, how he’s drunk several ales already, sweat beading his brow. She has never been more certain in that moment what he wants from her and she presses her thighs together. She has no issue with giving into physical lust. The possibility of her death--of his death--her desire to have it be with him--he who had in one sense already made love to her-- makes the decision that much easier. It’s the dark thought hanging around the edges of her mind that it could signify something more that terrifies her, makes her reluctant to move first. And once more, she’s certain this is why Ren’s hands clench and unclench, the air around him boiling in turmoil. If only she had the Force, she could know exactly what was running through his mind. She is only left the more mundane ways. . “What are you doing here?” she leans forward, her lips a moment’s breadth from his face. “We have no future together, Rey,” Ren says slowly, dragging out his words. She nods; if she can bring him back to the light, if they both survive, he would most likely be placed on trial. They would never have the homey bliss she longed for--dinners as a family, afternoons in parks, parent teacher meetings. She is aware of how his eyes keep flicking back to look at her lips, her breasts, and feels her stomach clench. The memories of his kindness as a boy only bolster her conviction that he wasn’t fully entrenched in the dark side. He could’ve taken her, the Resistance’s location, and so much more through their Force bond when he created the dream world for her. Instead, he gave her kindness, laughter, a respite from Luke’s training.. And here, rather than torture and fear, he was solicitous. Although her jaw still experienced an occasional twinge of pain from his rather solid punch, despite the medical attention. His face looked slightly better for the wear but then again, he could access the Force to accelerate healing. “You’re a terrible flirt, Ren.” The words leave her mouth before she can stop them. Nothing risked, nothing gained, she reasons quickly. “They aren’t coming for you tonight.” His voice is so quiet she isn’t sure that she caught it all. She sits back, wary, appraising. This is not the kind of answer she expected. “At all?” “No. It’s part of what I’ve told Snoke.” And something more. She notices he turns off the heat on the soup, puts down his knife, and begins to glide around the kitchen, into the dining room, toward her. “Passion can be a wonderful thing, Rey.” He stops in front of her and stands still, just looking, like a man stumbling across a desert, seeing water for the first time. Rey blushes. She cannot deny he pulls at her heart, how much her skin is screaming to be touched. She presses herself to the very edge of her toes and kisses him. Let denial exist another day. Ren is apparently in agreement because he wraps his arms around her, dragging her against him. He is too tall, she thinks and he adjusts, cupping her bottom and lifting her up to press her back against a wall. She wraps her legs around him and tilts back her neck. His kisses are a trail of fire and he reaches around to palm her breast, hesitant, retracting and returning. Rey gasps loudly, surprised at how it pulls between her legs, and tightens her grip in his hair. She begins to rock her hips. All thought has fled. Cursing Ren stands up fully and, scooping her up, he half runs into the bedroom. For a moment, Rey is simply overwhelmed by the return of the Force. It feels as if she can see and hear again after being muffled for days. She reaches out and can sense life on the ship, hundreds of minds humming. Life courses through her and in those brief minutes, she senses a mind reaching out to her and she touches back. Ren dumps her on the bed, leaves and returns with a ysalamir to prop up near his bed. Rey starts to cry, sobbing as she is left bereft again. She could feel the Force fading as he had neared and she reached out to it, grasping, as the threads are slowly pulled from her, leaving only an ache, a knowledge of true loneliness. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he is desperate, falling to his knees. “Believe me, I don’t want to hurt you. But I can’t have Snoke know, I just can’t.” His voice is filled with yearning and pain and dismay and he crawls into the bed next to her, kissing her tears away. He has become unexpectedly gentle and Rey turns to curl into his chest, all desire gone as she mourns the loss. She curses whoever discovered these wretched creatures. She doesn’t know how much time has passed. Ren is tenderly laying kisses on her forehead, his hands slowly begin to undo her buns, running his fingers through her hair, gently untangling the knots. He rubs her back, soothing her, almost like a child and her heart flutters. His unexpected compassion confirm that Ben Solo is alive, trapped, within Kylo Ren. Confidence growing, she tips her face up and lets his lips brush against hers. She shivers as heat slowly begins to build again. His lips are insistent, his hands moving down slowly, stopping to knead her thighs apart. Rey is dimly aware of the technicalities of what is involved. She’s seen enough holoshows and read enough books to understand what comes next. And, of course, she has dreamt this vividly with Ben, in her meadow. But the heaviness of his body pressed against her, the hardness lying on her belly, drives home how real it has all become. Her sense of safety flees in the heat. Panic creeps its way into her and she places her hands over her breasts, cuts short her kisses. “Relax, Rey,” Ren murmurs against her belly. She pushes him and he sits back to rest on his haunches. She studies his long face--his freckles, the long scar, the longing in his eyes, his broad shoulders. Her breath hitches in her chest, her heart in her throat. “Do you want me to stop?” he asks, his voice thick. She thinks that without tonight she won’t have courage to see tomorrow. “No.” Ren abandons all hesitation and rips off his shirt and Rey gasps. His entire right arm is roped in scars, mottled with bruises, dark, painful. The scars end in the gloves and she reaches to slowly peel them off. His right hand is corded with scars, thick between his knuckles, hard, almost gnarling his fifth and fourth fingers. Her lips tremble. He is watching her from behind his hair. “What happened?” Her voice high. He exhales and lays down next to her. She runs careful fingers over the thick scars. “This was my punishment for Starkiller base,” he grinds out. She hovers her hand over him, worried she’s hurt him. “No--don’t.” Hesitantly she resumes trailing her fingers up and down his arm, exploring every dip and bump, gracing every scar with her healing touch. Her eyes never leave his face. And he is weeping. She wants nothing more to keep him safe, to help this boy come back to life. Rey cradles Ren’s head in her arms. They lean back on the pillows and pass the night, comforting one another, whispering, caressing. Finally, haltingly, they entangle themselves in one another, her heart hammering, moving carefully before Rey loses all sense of herself--there’s only joy, and wonder, his stifled moans, her wild little cries, before they cross from slow build into frantic need. He doesn’t let his lips leave her skin, tasting her collarbone, her nipples, burying himself between her thighs. He holds her as if she were the only thing anchoring him to the world and she isn’t sure if he is wrong. Chapter 11 : Of Heaven and Wickedness Summary: "That is the path of Wickedness, though some call it the road to Heaven."--Thomas the Rhymer Rey and Ren share moments of bliss, of wantoness, of crafting a world that they dream in together. Rey finds her balance and Ren finds his champion. Notes: Thank you all for joining me on this ride. We are almost to the end. This is a little bit of sunshine before the dark. Rey awakens to find the bed empty, sheets clinging to her legs. Of course--she didn’t really expect him to linger. She extends her arms and grimaces slightly, feeling raw between her thighs, an unexpected pleasure as she rolls over and is startled to see Ren sitting on the far side of the room, in lotus position, deeply meditating, clad only in loose black pants. She takes the moment to read his face, the tranquility that he exudes for once, almost threatening to topple her over. Kylo Ren exists in excesses. His lovemaking either too gentle or too wild; she had to guide him to a compromising pace; his kisses uneven; his rage; his incredibly long fingers, overly angular face; and now a peace so surreal she has assure herself that this isn’t a dream. Finally, she stretches again and slips on his forgotten shirt before padding over to him. She feels the Force all around. The ysalamir had been moved--she sees it now on the other side of the room--and she embraces the feeling of life again. She feels whole. He has left a half pot of caf for her, cream and sugar, just the way she likes it. She imagines he gleaned that from her mind. Amused she makes herself a cup before slipping into a meditative trance next to him. They spend the day stretching, meditating, Ren feeding her decadent concoctions that he experiments on in the kitchen before languorously slipping between the sheets and into one another. He drives her from desire to exultation, fluctuating between ferocity and delicacy, her body a pleasant ache, her lips delightfully swollen. She images this is what other couples experience regularly; a few moments of escapism that she allows herself to cling to. She sinks into the bliss, cherishes the smiles that briefly flit across his face, the tender kisses he leaves on her shoulders while they lie in bed together. As she moves through her saber forms, he stands behind her, occasionally, gently, correcting her stance, tapping her arm to move it into the right position. He guides her through the correct feet stances, always pointing out ways she can use the position for attack or defense. Rey sometimes struggles to find her balance when meditating and he offers her a sounding board, offering only a few suggestions to help improve her focus, and surprising her by never encouraging her to reach out to her darker side. No pain, no anger, just letting go of her conscious self. She faintly remembers that other students at the Academy had complained about Ben Solo’s grace with the Force, how lucky he was but how unaware. Together, Rey finds her balance return. Their plan develops, growing in detail as they add to it or discard ideas that aren’t viable. Ren knows Snoke intimately and easily dismisses some of her ideas which he sees as ridiculous, unachievable. The key part involves convincing Snoke that she’s willing to embrace the dark side, that she is all but enamored with Ren, that she is open to his tutelage. Snoke wants to bend her light to his darkness, learn of Skywalker’s location, and crush him with her aid. “He’s petty,” Ren says over a late breakfast. Rey arches a brow. He chuckles and she warms at the sound of it. “Nonetheless, his aim is to pervert you. You must act as if you are interested in joining. You must convince him.” “And your idea to do that is…..” And this is where Ren seizes up. There is no way that she can access the dark side--that’s her hard limit. And Rey doubts her ability to act convincingly. “All war is deception,” she says slowly, following her train of thought. Ren looks up at her from his cup of caf, interest piqued. “We need to convince people here that I’m interested in pursuing the dark side. Is there anyone here that Snoke relies on?” “Hux,” Ren’s reply is prompt and Rey doesn’t fail to pick up on his thinly veiled revulsion. “Don’t like him much, do you?” She thinks the list of people he does like must be next to non-existent. Ren shrugs. “He is limited in his thinking. He believes wars are won by gunships and deaths, by tactics followed painstakingly. He has no imagination.” “Oh yeah, and you do?” “Of course!” Indignation colors his face. "I master the Force--that requires imagination and skill.” “Prove it,” she teases, delighted as he picks up on her meaning and pulls her into the shower with him to demonstrate what he could do with a bar of soap and keenly developed reflexes. They lay in bed together, Rey draped across his broad chest, smelling like pine and sweat. She is sated, lounging in her enjoyment at her wickedness as she watches the purple and blue world below. Ren was telling her that they were making their final stop to pick up supplies before reaching Snoke. He preferred them to take a circuitous route in case any Resistance ships were tracking them. Rey picks at his knowledge of ship operations and is bemused to discover that he is close to ignorant, protesting that his goals are above the routine, that his focus is elsewhere. He is tracing designs on her back. Rey turns to face him, pleased to see how contented he looks, a little smile twitching at the edge of his lips. “Why haven’t the stormtroopers come to take me to my cell?” She had expected them all day when he had left early, mumbling about meetings and budgets. She had felt herself grow cold as he had become Kylo Ren, a threat barely contained, masked and hooded. He had locked her in and she had entertained herself with perusing his holobook collection, surprised by the sheer number of books he had on the Force, Jedi history, Sith history, battle tactics. When he returned, he had quickly flung off his mask and she was relieved to see his bright eyes, the light that he struggled to hide. “Hmm, they think you want to be here. I mentioned to Hux that you were becoming more compliant.” “Oh I am, am I?” she teased, seeing his plan, reveling in it. “Hmm,” and he leaned forward to whisper in her ear. “And I unscrambled all the bugs in here. I imagine Hux is listening right now to give a report to Snoke. Today’s a commanding officer scan so I’m on their list.” She laughs, a rich, husky, sound and he grins at her. Her breath hitches in her throat at the sight. He looks so young and fresh and she vows again to save him. “Well, then,” she purrs, “let’s give them something to listen to....” Ren’s eyes light up and he hungrily reaches for her before she leaps out of bed and says loudly, “Tell me again how anger brings me power, Master.” Ren sits up and holds her in his gaze, admiration in every line. He plays along and Rey is sure a very complete report makes it way to Snoke. The plan will work. Rey is almost ashamed to discover that she is a wanton creature, that she is reluctant to leave his embrace, the space that they’ve created as--lovers? friends with benefits? She doesn’t know what to call them, can’t think of the name that applies to what has been building between them as he splays his hand over her neck, his fingers threaded through her hair, almost pulling her head back as his lips breathe over her neck, her jaw; she’s on the edge of wonder here, his half stifled moans, his whispers of her name driving her. She hears his plea: “Never let go, Rey” before she shatters. She is sipping her caf, watchi ng the way Ren bats his hair out of his eyes. She drinks in his face, each and every mole, how dark and soft his eyes are, remembers how his rough hands incite her greed. She knows who he is now: powerful--Forces, is he strong--both with the Force and physically; clever; needy; confused--a coward. The realization both saddens and relieves her. It makes her next steps easier. “Why do you want to kill Snoke?” she asks quietly. He looks at her, his face blank. “He made me believe,” he says simply before getting up and crossing the room into his office, locking the door behind him. Rey sighs and slumps against the counter. Not the answer she wanted. The night before their arrival, Rey is nestled into his arms, listening to his breath rise and fall. Timidly, she asks: “Why did Luke wipe my mind?” She has guessed it, of course, but she wants to know. “To keep me from finding you,” his voice is low, pained. He won’t look at her. She sits up, cups his chin, and turns him to meet his gaze. He flinches. “If you would’ve found me, would you have killed me?” She wants to know--she doesn’t--she needs to know. Ren doesn’t answer. He removes her hand and rolls out of bed, sliding on pants and padding out of the room. Rey knows he will sleep elsewhere that night. She leans back and watches hyperspace stream past, not sure if she should be grateful for Luke’s protection or angry that she needed it at all. In the end, Ren comes back to bed, waking her up with half crazed apologies, salty tears mixing in with his frantic kisses. Desperately they cling to each other and Ren begs her forgiveness. Relenting she gives in to him before rolling him on his back and granting him the relief they both seek. Crying out, she slumps against him and he places a kiss on her forehead, pushes a strand behind her ear. “I have faith in you, Rey,” he whispers before clasping her tight. Chapter 12 : A Taste of Black Summary: "O first let pass the black, lady, then let pass the brown, but quickly run to the milk white steed--pull you his rider down"--Tam Lin Rey and Kylo Ren descend to Snoke's planet for the final confrontation. Notes: Almost at the end. Thank you for all of your kindness and for hanging on for this ride. This chapter is a bit long so I apologize. I appreciate everyone who has taken the time to read this little fic, for your kudos, and for your comments. They have arrived. Rey is marched from the rooms to the hangar bay with a pair of stormtroopers, ysalamir strapped to their backs. Kylo Ren was awaiting her next to a shuttle. She notices that both of the lightsabers are clipped by his side. A chrome covered trooper asks him if he wants to bring an escort planetside. He shrugs off the question, stating this was the territory of the Knights of Ren and had no need of assistance, arrogance leaking from every word, apparent in every line. Rey felt her fear crest and fall throughout the day. She was ready, she had chanted to herself all day. Kylo turns to her and nods once. She feels him through their bond, his storm of emotions, alternating fear, joy, dark anticipation, mirroring her. “A Jedi feels the Force flowing through him,” she says as she slips into meditative breathing, letting calm run through her veins. She opens the bond and nudges serenity into his mind. “No, stop. I need this for Snoke,” he says, the mask distorting his voice. Kylo Ren settles around him like a mantle, eating away any remnant of Ben Solo that had emerged the past few days. Rey hugs the memories tight and walls them away. The planet below is not like one she’s ever even imagined. Dark clouds boiling, cross with vivid lightning arcs, a void in space. She feels the dark side’s pull from the distance, a black hole grasping and inexorably pulling her in. They dip below the clouds, Kylo Ren swearing slightly as the ship banks sharply. “Hang on, it gets a little tight here.” Rey starts--even through his modulator, she hears Han in his voice. She watches as he tightly reins in the ship and flies gracefully through lightning storms that rock the shuttle to land below. Rey feels heavier here, the buzzing in her skull growing louder. She is a sacrifice to this planet, wouldn’t it feel better to stop fighting? Rey sags as the weight of her life, of always having to be right, bears down on here. Kylo Ren’s hand on her arm and a sense of light pulsing pull her back. “Where are your walls?” he demands roughly. Rey shakes her head. The darkness edged away, always hovering, eager to claim her. “This is Malachor isn’t it?” she whispers. He turns and she can feel him pursing his lips beneath the mask. He says nothing and she draws in several calming breaths, focusing on the simple act of moving the air in and out. Malachor V, home to the Sith, steeped in lore that she had only gleaned bits from Jedi history. The entire planet itself had become a focal point for the dark side. She shouldn’t have been surprised to find Snoke here. Ren stands up and heads to the back. “Supreme Leader Snoke is waiting.” Rey wants to mock the subservience that has edged into his voice but holds back. Provoking him while he was unsettled would lead to a spectacular fight. His barely contained turmoil raced along her skin and feed the darkness in the atmosphere. Gathering her courage, she walks toward him. He hands her a staff and, surprised, she takes it. “I reconstructed it from the one in the dream world. The lightsaber is too closely aligned with Luke Skywalker--you could never use it and convince Snoke that you are serious about joining the dark side. This staff would be appropriate to Snoke as many Sith preferred saberstaffs,” he lectures before leading her out into into the destroyed planet. He pauses before they exit and turns to her: “When the time is right, Rey, don’t hesitate to take your saber back.” Malachor V is a ravaged, crumbling world. Cliffs and chasms carve the earth into dangerous, unstable terrain. Thunder rumbles overhead and Rey feels the hairs on her body raise as static increased. An ancient temple, emanating malice, is perched top of a gorge, cobbled together from different kinds of stone, held together seemingly by will. Lightning cackles as they begin to carefully pick their way up to the temple. They stopped to rest at the entrance. Ren turns to look at her and she searches his masked face, hoping for a clue. He is unreadable, his part of the Force bond closed down until it’s only an echo. She focuses on balancing herself, always aware of the dark side tempting her, fluttering at the back of her mind, waiting to strike. “Whatever you do, Rey, don’t let go.” He offers her his hand. She takes it and squeezes, letting all of her compassion and tenderness from the last few days fill her eyes, flow along the bond to him. He turns away. Taking a deep breath, they step into the gaping dark mouth of the temple. Inside it was cool and dark, light dimly by recessed lights. Rey expected it to be a thriving base but during their tour through the facility, she encounters no stormtroopers, no fabled Knights. Ren’s long strides forces her to hurry to keep up. They seem to walk for ages, down long twisting highways, carefully negotiating broken steps as they head deeper into the bowels of the temple. Finally Ren stops before a set of closed doors and waits. Rey struggles to catch her breath but Ren seems to experience no difficulties. Here, in this place, he looms larger, his darkness radiating, his gestures more vicious. Rey feels the dark side even more here, pressed against her skin, almost intangible, teasing at her feelings of jealousy, hatred, fear. Use them, see how easily it grows, they whisper. Fiercely Rey pushes them away and focuses on her center, Finn’s bright smile, Poe’s easy nature, Leia’s kindness, Master Luke’s gentleness. Finally, as if summoned, Ren opens the doors and stalks into a large audience chamber. At the far end sits a figure on a throne like chair, surrounded by of all things, candles. Rey can tell he is humanoid and larger than Ren. Fear begins to climb up her back, clinging to her like sweat, growing, beating a rhythm against her heart. It takes all of her energy to push it back, to let her light shine. They approach Snoke and Ren drops to one knee, bowing his head. Rey has enough time to take in Snoke’s dramatically scarred face, his cheek caved in, scars covering her skin before she quickly follows suit. She feels a mind nudging against hers, tasting her, digging into her mind and she winces--it feels as if nails are being dragged through her. She feels Ren vibrating next to her and knows he’s being subject to the same. “Hmmm, she still has compassion, my apprentice,” his dry voice scrapes against them. Rey suppresses a shudder and lets her eyes rove around the room, noticing the recessed torches, the jutting rocks, the lack of additional exits. She desperately wants the feel of the lightsaber at her side but consoles herself by lightly placing her fingers on her staff. “A savage. You bring me a savage Kylo Ren,” Snoke’s smoky voice fills Rey with dread. She feels the pressure on her mind increase and she’s gasping, throwing up walls where she can see him heading but it’s too late and he’s in the room, watching her and Ren in bed, and she’s down on the ground and he’s strong, so impossibly strong; this is only a taste and how could they have been so foolish to think they could defeat him? Snoke laughs, reveling in the discovery of their passion. “Pliable, yes…...I see you took seduce to the dark side to mean literally, my apprentice, but no matter. So much of Skywalker in her….you have done well.” The pressure in her mind relents and Rey finds herself hauling in huge swallows of air. This must be what drowning feels like. “Yes, it will bring me great pleasure to take his final student and bring her over. So much--the Force moves through her. You were right, Kylo Ren. I believe she will be our greatest accomplishment. Arise, Rey Kenobi,” Snoke hisses her name, the distaste coloring his voice. Rey struggles to her feet, using her staff for support, and faces him. Snoke runs his eyes over her, tilting his head, trying to read her. She holds her staff, loose, ready. This is the moment. “The Emperor’s mistake was to force a son against his father. I will not make the same mistake. You will either become the two most powerful dark side users or you will kill one another. It matters to me not--all that concerns me is that you turn her, Ren. Make her tap into it.” He turns to Rey. “Can’t you feel it? All the power, so easy? We can give you what you want, little girl. We can give you back your family.” Rey prevents herself from starting at that. She had expected him to take the easiest road. She feels the dark side growing in this place. The very planet pulses with it, the sky lashing out in anger, lightning ripping up the already destroyed surface. The air seethes with heat. She will not give into it. “Just a lonely little girl,” Snoke murmurs. “I see it all. Young, abused--you didn’t like how the traders looked at your body, how the others thought you were nothing and stole from you? Sold by a pilot for a few hundred credits, spent in a pub that he forgets the next day?Ahhh, yes….you remember. Let the dark side flow through you, feel what true power is.” Rey trembles as the memories rise, unwelcome, in her mind and the dark side pounces on it, a hungry beast, a scavenger. But Rey let it take these. They did not move her. She has made her peace with her past. Snoke’s eyes narrow. “If you will not turn, I will be forced to teach Kylo Ren a lesson he might not survive,” he threatens, displeasure darkening his eyes. He flicks his hand and Ren is flung through the air, smacking the far wall with a stifled grunt. “Your lover, forever mangled. Would you still let him pant over you with this disgusting sentiment if he lacked legs?” He jerks Ren’s up, hanging him upside down, helmet scraping and throwing sparks along the ground before casually tossing him to the side. Only Ren’s quick reflexes prevent him from smashing his spine into an outcrop of stone. “What if his fingers could no longer give you what you desire? Disgusting creatures.” Snoke’s anger lay heavy on Rey’s skin and her breath quickens and she sees Ren wrenched into the airs, Ren choking back a scream, and she heard bones breaking as his body crumples into a heap. “Stop!” she screams and reaches out into the Force, pushing down her panic. She throws her hand out and directs Snoke’s energy away. Snoke’s surprise is evident and he frowns, straining against her power. “Feel your fear! Use the power!” he urges her. Instead Rey reaches into those tender moments, the way Ren’s breath warmed her, the way his hands trailed down her back and she feels her power flare. The light side of the Force has found her in this dark place and for a moment, Rey is incandescent. Snoke grunts and strains, malevolence pulsing in the room, trying to devour her. Rey lets go of her conscious self and the Force surges through her. Snoke cries out and slumps in his chair. Panting, Rey races across the room to kneel next to him. His left hand is broken but not mangled. He could heal. The dark side springs on her, prodding her anger, whispering to her to let it grow, he’s tried to destroy her lover. But Rey can no longer be tempted. What has been forged these past weeks has been a conduit for the Force, for love, for compassion. She found a modicum of peace those nights in Ren’s bed and it brings her balance. She turns to face Snoke, watching intently, desire and fury mingling on his face. “I will never turn. And you can no longer have him. He belongs to me, to the Force.” Rey stands resolute. Snoke snarls and unleashes all of his rage and craving for power, her acquiescence, the triumph she signals over Skywalker. Rey is buffeted by the dark side of the Force--he doesn’t aim to physically attack her; he has no strength for bodily combat. He drives the Force spear like into her mind, willing to fill her with darkness, to unleash the anger he suspects lives within her. And he taps into Kylo Ren, sending him spiraling into an inky pool of despair and dread, pulling his being out of his body into the power driving his attack into Rey. He would exhaust and empty Ren’s body at the chance to defeat Skywalker’s apprentice. Rey latches on to Kylo Ren, threading her fingers through his hand and reaches out to his mind, bringing the meadow back to life, sending tranquility, her love, along their bond. In her mind, she sees Kylo Ren stumbling around, walking dazed toward a maelstrom, a black hole, threatening to swallow their sanctuary. She reaches out and Rey holds on. She tilts her head back, throbbing, knees threatening to buckle, willing Ren to fight. I will be yours, she whispers to the Force and. suddenly, Rey is radiant, a light in the dark. The whole planet shudders and bucks as she and Snoke tear the very fabric of it apart, her will pressed against his. She cuts a blinding figure, glowing pure, driving the maelstrom off, shrinking. Snoke roars in anger. Rey becomes aware of it all; she sees every moment, every thought in Ren’s mind, from how he set out to seduce her in the meadow, from the moment he decided to take her into his bed, to Malachor, from when he turned to Snoke and then turned away. She knows their past and their future, she feels the presence of an older man with blue eyes granting her his strength; a petite wizened green figure, beaming and conferring her his stability; a young man, scar marring his face, constructed of nothing but pure Force, blazing like a sun. Rey becomes a nova, the ground shaking beneath her feet, the planet shrieking as the darkness is pierced by their luminescence. And Ren tightens his grip on her hand. And before Rey feels like she might give out, dissipate into the Force and join these Jedi surrounding her, she feels his presence a warmth and compassion at her back. Luke Skywalker enters the chamber, resolute. Rey had seen hints of his strength as his student but now, here, he radiates power, outshining even the scarred Jedi. “Your battle is with me, Snoke,” Luke declares, stripping off his cloak. Snoke jerks his attention from Rey and shows his teeth. He stands hesitantly in his chair and jabs his fingers toward Luke, lighting spilling from his fingertips. Rey cries out horrified but Luke reaches out his hand, the lighting stops, near him, straining to inch closer. Luke’s brow furrows in concentration. Rey knows in that moment that Snoke can never be taken a prisoner. She never realized that she had nursed a small hope to turn both Snoke and Ren and is amused by her brazenness. Ren stumbles into a standing position next to her, leaning on the rock to save his strength, dazed and lost. Rey grabs the lightsaber from his side and, igniting it, tears toward Snoke. He turns from Skywalker to thrust lightning in her direction. Agony rips through her, she stumbles, she crawls on the ground, destroyed by the heat ripping through her, her blood and muscles straining to get away from her, to split her apart. She writhes and fumbles to open herself to the Force, to channel the lightning before suddenly, it stops. She heaves, trying to catch her breath, every bit of her burning. She feels kind arms wrap around her,cradling her and forces her eyes to open, to see Luke gazing at her in concern before her body relaxes as healing warmth floods her body. She stops jerking and trembling and turns her head to see Kylo Ren standing over the prone body of Snoke, his lightsaber humming beside him. “And the student shall become the master,” Luke murmurs, his wary eyes locked on Ren. Ren turns to look at him before switching off the blade. Slowly he reaches up and fumbles to remove the mask with one hand. His face is battered and bruised, blood drying on the side of his cheek. Rey surmises that they all look like hell. “I have no interest in finishing what he started,” Ren states before tipping his hand. The helmet hits the ground with a final thud. It is over. Chapter 13 : Fin Summary: “Angry and half in love with her, and tremendously sorry, I turned away.” F Scott Fitzgerald The Great Gatsby Kylo Ren, Rey, and Luke Skywalker have defeated Snoke and routed the First Order in a stunning defeat. What happens next for our 3 heroes? Notes: Um, sorry? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey examines the remains of the Sith temple, hears the X wings flying overhead but everything feels muffled. She feels disconnected from the world. She is occupied by what she uncovered in Ren’s mind. She shudders and wraps the blanket the medics gave her around her shoulders. Her body still ached from the Force lightning strikes. She is, quite honestly, exhausted. The sun shines weakly on the scene, the clouds grey and wispy, X wings parked on various cliffs, Resistance officials scurrying around, Knights of Ren in cuffs, disarmed, shouts of glee. Rey sees the flaming wreckage of the Finalizer in the distance and wonders if Hux survived. “This planet has been a center for so much pain and anguish,” Luke says quietly as he walks up to her. “This is why Kylo Ren chose it to be the Knights of Ren base. He hoped that the pain here would mask his own, that he could lose himself in it,” she replies. Luke looks at her curiously. She smiles wanly. “I saw into his mind when Snoke tried to drown us both in the dark side of the Force. I know all of him.” Her voice hitches at the end. “And you feel sorry for him?” Luke is patient while Rey gazes down below where General Leia stalks toward Ren, under watch by Finn and attended by a medical droid. “No. Well, maybe?” Sadness washes over them both as Rey sifts through the images she found in Ren’s mind. “I think you’re going to break his heart.” There is no condemnation. “But maybe learning how to put it together will give him the chance to be the man you think he is,” her voice soft. Luke places his hand on her shoulder and pulls her in for a hug. Rey is grateful for this man who loves her like a daughter, who treats her as an equal. “I saw what was in your mind, Rey, when you reached out to me.” He is gentle. Rey flushes. She had felt him seeking her in the Force the first night she and Ren were together. She pulls away and searches his face to see only kindness, only compassion. “Be careful of what you want Rey rather than what you think you should want.” Rey swallows, hard, before sadly shaking her head. She turns and carefully climbs down to the medical ship. “Hey Rey! You’re alive!” Poe Dameron explodes with joy and wraps her in a fierce hug, Rey crying out in pain. “Aw, kid, sorry! I heard you were injured! It’s just, well, we’ve been so worried about you. Until you reached out into the Force to contact General Skywalker, we were going crazy searching for you. I never should’ve let you explore that island on your own.” Rey laughs and briefly wonders when the last time pure unadulterated joy filled her--no guilt, no recriminations. “No, no, it was a trap for me. I would’ve hated for you to get hurt,” she reassures him, smiling broadly. He returns the smile with another hug before pulling back to look into her eyes. His brow furrows. “You’ve been in the wars, Rey.” “I’ll be fine.” “Are you sure you don’t want me to arrange for that bantha fodder to meet an accident on the way back to base?” Rey lays a hand on his arm and uses the Force to feel him with her warmth and comfort. “I’m fine, Poe, thanks.” “If you’re sure….”he trails off as he heads back to check on the other pilots. Rey continues to make her way to Ren, bowing under Leia’s disapproval. For a moment, she sees a gangly teenager, lost in himself, and sorrow weighs heavily on her. “Hello, General, Finn. May I speak to Kylo Ren alone please?” Ren jerks his head up at her arrival. Leia takes a step back, observing the power radiating from Rey. She nods and gestures for Finn to accompany her. Rey notices Finn’s concern and smiles weakly at him, letting him know she was fine. The air hangs heavy between them, pregnant with expectation, and Rey pulls in a cleansing breath to push back the anger threatening to overtake her. She thinks of a dozen things to say before settling on cliche: “How could you?” Anger and pain are laced in her voice. Ren flinches and turns away, shame coloring his cheeks. “If I say I’m sorry, would it mean anything?” “No, no, of course, a million times no,” she stutters, choking back the sobs threatening to leak out. “You lied to me. At first, I thought the meadow was the lie. But I saw everything, Ren.” He hangs his head, accepting her anger. “The entire time, you were planning on to seduce me, to make me believe you were in love with me. Because you wanted to be saved and didn’t have the courage to do it yourself or just, even, ask.” She spits out the last part, venom in every word. The dark energies in the planet leapt at that, licking at the edges of her mind. Carefully, Rey contains her anger and brushes away the tears escaping her eyes. He had received the last of hers. He would get no more. “Not everything is a lie,” he says softly and opens his mind to her. And she sees, in moments, his complete joy as he loses himself in her, the way his heart leaps into his throat as he watches her emerge from the shower, glistening with water, the heat he feels when she moans his name, the pride he takes in watching her stretch and meditate with him, the openness he allows himself to feel over their dinners together, their last breakfast where he watched her lick a wayward dollop of yogurt from the back of her hand. Something like love is kindling in his heart no matter how hard he suppresses it. Rey squirms in slight embarrassment at seeing how much he lusts after her, his spike of jealousy at witnessing Poe embrace her. “I….I am learning to care for you, Rey. I’m not very good at it; in fact, I’m pretty damn awful. But I needed you.” “Why didn’t you just ask?” “Because how could I know you would say yes? I was a monster to you, remember?” His eyes are accusing and she blushes at the hatred she had allowed to grow toward him. “You murdered your father--one of the few people who had shown kindness to me. Not to mention countless others." “To you, maybe. To him, I was just an embarrassment, the son who stuck out in a crowd, couldn’t hide in a smuggling container, was cursed with the Force.” Bitterness creeps into his voice and she sighs, sitting down next to him. "Snoke seduced me, Rey. He promised me freedom but it wasn't until I realized that he was my pain, that he would never free me from it, that I needed the light. I could never get out on my own." Rey wishes she could numb herself to his words; they are pressing on her, guilt beginning to rack her heart. She sniffles and he hesitates before reaching out to wrap an arm around her--and she stops him. “We can’t go back to whatever happened these past days,” Rey softly tells him. “I don’t know if I can ever trust you.” They sit in silence before Ben turns to her and encloses her tiny hands in his large ones. “I will fight for you, Rey. I will become the man you want.” Rey lets out her breath, letting love and sadness fill her eyes, knowing he can read every bit of her. “I’d rather you become the man you want to be,” she says. She stands up and places a gentle kiss on his cheek. She smiles and runs her hand down his face; he leans into it, his dark eyes glittering with tears. She walks away, feeling his eyes boring into her, loss written all over his features. Finn stops her and holds her, pressing his lips against her forehead. “Whatever you need, Rey, you know I’m always here for you.” Rey wants to sag into his arms and let her tears flow. “You can want to tell me all about it back at mine and Poe’s place?” “You and Poe, huh?” Finn blushes and rubs the back of his neck. “Uh, yeah. It’s recent. I’ll tell you later.” Rey laughs and let Finn’s acceptance and love help her. She will begin to heal. Meanwhile Leia leans against the med transport and takes in the despondent look on Ben’s face. She looks over and sees Finn and Rey laughing together and easily guesses the source of her son’s pain. For he would always be her son. And if her brother could bring Darth Vader back into the light, she believes herself more than capable of bringing her lost son home. “You are going to have to work hard to win her back,” she says softly. Ben looks up at her. “Plan backfired I take it?” He nods dumbly and she sighs, sits next to him and wraps her arms around him. Ben slumps and begins to weep on his mother’s shoulder. She relaxes and glances over to see Luke watching, a solemn look on his face. They share a moment of relief and hope. Ben is already halfway home. Notes: Thanks to everyone who has been with me on this ride, for all of the readers, kudo givers, and commenters. I appreciate all of your kindness, your time, and for those who commented, your generous words, and advice. I wrote this ending a half a dozen times. He killed Snoke more for himself than for her and I needed for him to redeem himself to be worthy of Rey. And who knows? Maybe I'll get around to writing his redemption story. I have a few ideas kicking around in this brain of mine. This trash compactor is full of such awesome possibilities. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Reclamation & Strife series Next Work →