"In going to need you to relax." Kylo mutters to you robotically. You roll your eyes in response earning a slap across the face "You really aren’t in a position to be sassy, I’d watch yourself." He threatens as the door to your interrogation room slides open "Have you started?" A ginger man asks as he passes into the chamber. The door slams to a close behind him. "I was just about to." Kylo snorts as he crouches down to your my level "Lucky you, you’re going to have an audience today from General Hux himself" The Ren taunts as you quickly peak over to the man standing off to the side. He watches you intently, arms folded behind his back. You feel a hand roughly grip your chin and pull your head back to face Kylo. He holds a hand up to your face and presses the tips of his fingers to your forehead. You let out a pained scream as you feel something slither around your head and pick apart memories, looking for any sign to support their resistance accusations. You press my eyes shut and try to block him from prying too far. Kylo removes his hand and ‘tuts’ at you. "If you aren’t a part of the resistance then you have no reason to block me" The mechanical voice sneers while tugging off one of his gloves "I was going easy on you but now in not going to hold back." He repositions his hand as he starts to pick through your head. You scream and groan out in pain but still try to block him. Kylo growls and turns to look back at Hux who watches us displeased, your head falls forward as beads of sweat form at your forehead. "I think its time you take a different approach." Hux states simply. Kylo nods and yanks off his other glove before pulling off his helmet, slamming it into a table of ashes. A small tuft of smoke fans around it. You feel two warm hands cup your cheeks as you head is lifted to meet Kylo’s. In any other circumstance you’d consider him gorgeous but, not as he was torturing you. He presses his forehead to yours, bumping noses as you try to scoot back into the chair. Kylo cradles your face watching your eyes intently. Hux’s eyes dart back between Klyo and you as Kylo dips his head down even further until his lips are centimeters away from yours. "Why don’t you let me in?" The Knight coos gently "I’ll stop hurting you once you do and we’ll set you free." "No you won’t" You purr back sweetly as you feel the grip on you face tighten. A smirk dances on Hux's face as he watches the Knight of Ren say nothing in response before darting his eyes to watch you bite down on your lip to stifle another scream. Kylo lets go of your head after a few minutes, letting you fall back into the chair. "She knows Dameron." The Knight says stiffly to the General "She knows him very well." "Are you sure you don’t know anything about the resistance?" Hux asks you monotounsly as he walks over to the interrogation chair. You shake your head weakly with a cocky smile "I don’t know a thing." The commander grabs the Ren’s hand to stop him just before he brings it down for another slap. "We don’t want her bruised too much. After all, if she does know Dameron in the way you are implying, we can use her to lure him to us for questioning. Did you find anything else?" "No." Kylo says through gritted teeth as he snatches his hand away from the General’s grip. "You get to deal with her now, I have somewhere to be” The Knight gathers his gloves and helmet before walking out the room. "I’m not as… violent as Kylo." Hux muses as the door closes. He pulls his jacket from his shoulders and drapes it over the arm of your chair. You look at it before looking up to him. "Now, what do you know about the resistance's plans?" "I don’t know a thing." You echo your previous statement. "But you know Poe dameron, the poster boy of the resistance and had relations with him." "Yes that all is true but I’m not part of the cause nor does he talk about it with me." You feel your throat tighten at the thought of Poe. Hux stands quietly for a minute before forcefully grabbing your chin to level your faces. "I suggest you make yourself comfortable here, I have plans for you darling. I don’t care how involved you are with the resistance but you know some important people with in it and you’ll be our key to getting them to us so we can get some real information" He hisses in your face before pushing you back down in to the chair. He grabs his jacket and heads to the door. "Take her back to her cell." He instructs the guard before walking away. **************** "Did she tell you anything new?" Kylo asks Hux that night as they sit in a meeting space on the Finalizer. "No" The General replies rigidly as he watches a recording from earlier "She’s an interesting one." "She has no information but, is the key we need for information" The Ren growls while wringing his fists on the table. "If they do not send a search party then we should just kill her." "Do you ever think things through? It’s not about killing, she doesn’t know anything the resistance has planning, we could indoctrinate her, use her as a double agent. Not everything is about mindless killing" Hux scoffs "She seems pretty attached to Dameron. How do expect to ween her of him enough to do such a thing? A dead body of a loved one sends a bigger message than a double agent." "I will not debate this. We ween her off Dameron, we try to turn her and if she does not comply then you can kill her." Hux formulates stiffly, looking up from the recordings to Kylo “Now how do you suppose we rid her affections for Dameron?" "The same way he gave her such affections.” The Knight hums while his lips tug up into a wicked grin under his helmet. *************************** You flip over in the bed of the cell and sit up as you hear the door open up expecting to see the usual Stormtrooper. Instead you are face to face with Kylo once again. "Come with me" he orders as you stand up "What’s going on?" "Don’t ask questions." He snarls as he grabs your arm and guides you out and down the hall to an elevator. He yanks you in with him and presses a button to a floor near the upper decks of the Finalizer. "Since you’re supposedly not in the resistance General Hux and I figured we can give you a second chance" The robotic voice explains. "Second chance at what?" you cock an eyebrow. "At being free." The Knight smirks under his helmet as the doors slide open to a floor with sparse doors. Kylo drags you to a room the end of the hall and types in a code before pulling you in. He lets go of your arm and lets you walk around the empty living quarters. "What are we doing here?" You ask him as he closes the door and pulls off his helmet. "With your full consent, you’ll have a night with Kylo at the end you must be willing to aid the First Order" Hux describes dryly from a chair in the corner. So much for empty room. "And if I refuse?" "Then youll be back to your cell and further pursure your days there until someone tries to rescue you or it becomes to long that we have to kill you." "So I either...have sleep with him or... die? Because I know you’ll use me as bait either way." You rationalize as you look between the two of them. "And if you enjoy yourself tonight you can probably have more" Kylo winks. You feel your heart pound in your chest as your face flushes. "I...I guess ill go with option A..." You murmur while rubbing the back of your neck. "Excellent choice." Hux smiles with a wide hungry grin "One you won’t regret." "I’m sure." You sigh. You feel an arm wrap around your waist as Kylo buries his face into your neck, stroking the cheek he slapped earlier with the back of his hand. "You won’t." The Knight coos hotly in your ear. You feel your face heat up as the sith apprentice grabs your hand and walks you to the bed. Kylo picks you up and sets you in the middle of the bed before peeling your clothes from your body, tossing them onto the floor. Your eyes dart over to Hux who’s watching you intently as Kylo strips down. You snap your eyes away from the General when you feel Kylo climb on top of you. The Knight stands on his knees and runs his hands over your thighs, prying apart your legs and tucking himself between them. Kylo strokes himself a bit while holding your legs open before he grips onto your hips and pulls you up into his lap while sitting back on his legs. He brings a hand to cradle your cheek and presses his forehead to yours as he uses his other hand to guide himself to your entrance. “Normally I like a little foreplay” You hum coyly “Just wait until round two.” Kylo grunts "This halls empty so don’t be afraid to be loud" You hold onto his shoulders as you sink down onto him. Your breath hitches as a shaky moan escapes you. A low throaty groan spills out from Kylo as he gives you a few seconds to adjust. You wiggle your hips and wrap your arms around his neck. "Move” You whine against his mouth as a wicked smirk dances on the Knight’s lips. He rocks his hips up driving himself deeper into you making you yelp out his name. "Oh yes, I like that sound" Kylo purrs to himself pulling out a bit before thrusting back in. You yelp again, gripping his shoulders and prying him away from your face before pinning him to the bed. You slowly raise your hips before sliding back down. You rock your hips against his before rising up again and slamming down a little harder. You start to guide yourself up along his cock, Kylo paces a hand at your hip as you press yours on his chest to keep the pace. He raises his hands from your hips, slithering them up to your nipple. The Ren pinches them both before rolling and tugging them between his fingers. You push your hands off his chest and bounce on his cock wrapping your arms behind your head and tousling up your hair before bringing them back down to claw his chest. Kylo bites down on his lower lip to stifle his noises as you start to loudly moan. You look over to Hux who’s shifted in his seat a bit and watches both of you intently. His tongue darts between his dry lips. You both lock eyes, his pupils look blown out from earlier. He shifts his legs again as you whimper at him, roughly rocking your hips against Kylo. The knight lifts your hips up off him before pressing you into the silk sheets. He grips your thighs and spreads them as far as he can before ramming himself back into you. You arch you back into his chest with a whimpery scream as he starts a brutal pace. “Give him attention later.” The Master of Ren growls in your ear, biting down on the lobe and tugging at it with his teeth. You grip the sheets and ball them up in your fists. He puts an arms protectively around your head as he grips your waist. You wrap your arms around his neck and press him down onto you as you rock your hips in time with his thrusts. Kylo buries his head into your neck, planting hot open mouth kisses onto it. You tightly grip his hair as he starts to bite down and suck in some spots. "Kyloooo-ahhh I’m close" You whimper into his ear as he starts to go faster bringing the hand at your waist down to your clit, encircling it. you whimper a bit more and dart your eyes back to Hux who’s gripping his belt, his pants feeling much tighter than now than earlier. You grip Kylo’s hair tighter while dragging hand at his back, leaving a trail of red nail marks. You throw your head back into the pillow as you feel your orgasm tear through. Kylo thrusts through it, moaning as you clench around him. He lifts himself up from you and thrusts once more before pulling out and cumming on your torso. Kylo presses his forehead against yours, dragging his lips against yours as he pulls you into a kiss. Your eyes flutter shut as you melt into the kiss. You break for air after a moment. “Welcome to the First Order” The Knight purrs against your lips. “She’ll make a fine addition” Hux dryly mumbles while getting up from the chair and bee lining to the door. You watch him leave the two of you alone in the room. “So, what were you saying about round two?” You grin to Kylo as your flip him on to the matress. Notes: I hope this was good haha I'm still stuck in Hux mode so it was kind of hard to write (which means the newest chapters for the massage will be up soon!)