“Ben!” The single syllable echoed throughout the Starkiller base, breaking the sterile silence. Kylo Ren stopped short, knowing he was facing his great challenge. He turned around, having no choice but to face it head on. Han moved closer. “Take that helmet off – you don’t need it!” “What do you hope to see if I do?” Kylo replied, unaffected. “The face of my son ,” Han replied. Again rising to the challenge, Kylo removed his helmet, maintaining his strong demeanour as best he could. “Your son is dead. I killed him. He was foolish, like his father!” Ignoring the barb, Han edged forward. “That’s what Snoke wants you to believe. You know he’s just using you for your talent, then he’ll throw you away. You know it’s true!” “Come back with us,” Han said, willing to sacrifice everything just for a chance to help his son. “It’s too late.” “No, it’s not – come back with us. We miss you.” Kylo could no longer ignore the effect of Han’s caring and resolve. “I feel conflicted, like I’m being torn apart. I want to be free of this pain,” he said, lip trembling. “Will you help me?” “Anything!” Han said, heart racing, hoping against hope that he’d reach Ben. Kylo dropped his helmet, then handed Han the hilt of his lightsaber. Han gripped it; neither of them letting go. The place was shrouded in darkness as the last of the sun was sucked into the Starkiller base. Han gave a small smile of encouragement, making sure to put him at ease. Twitching his hand, Kylo’s eyes widened as he realised that Han had put a strong anaesthetic on his skin. “The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree,” Han said, knowing there was a large chance that Kylo would have killed him. Kylo fell on the grating, losing consciousness. “But don’t worry, son – I’ll do everything I can to get you the help you need," Han said as he picked him up. -- On the way back, Han noticed that Rey had been skittish to see Kylo. Han knew she’d been interrogated by him but hadn’t gone into details. She was quite subdued which was uncharacteristic of her, and seemed to be frequently lost in thought. Han frowned. What had his son done? But it wasn’t the time to investigate – they were due to come out of lightspeed. Chapter 2 “Ben,” Han said as he entered the solitary confinement cell on the Rebel base. For him, it was a fine line between making amends and holding him accountable for his actions. Kylo’s hands were cuffed together in front of him, and rose when he saw his father enter. “When are you going to accept that that name means nothing to me?” “It’s your birthright,” Han replied. He started to pace. This was difficult, since Kylo hadn’t been brought back of his own free will. “I meant what I said before, about helping you - but we both know you were going to kill me. I can’t help you if I’m dead.” Kylo pursed his lips. “Let’s save us both the trouble. I’d rather be kept in solitary confinement for the rest of my life than make amends with you.” “Well, at least you’re honest,” Han said dryly. “Well, it’s your choice, son. But why the hell would you? We’re offering you a fresh start, to be part of the family again.” “Like always, huh? Talking your way out of situations, making promises you can’t keep,” Kylo said shortly. “Only problem is, I know you .” “I… know I haven’t been a good father,” said Han, glancing down. “And I know you had to suffer for it. But things could be different, now. I want to make it up to you.” “Don’t be stupid,” said Kylo, narrowing his eyes. “If you knew half the things I’d done, you’d execute me immediately.” Han looked at him, and glanced away, knowing it was true. “Well, under circumstances, people do things they wouldn’t normally do…” he said in a subdued tone. “All this talk about bringing me back to the light side,” Kylo said strongly. “You’ll just have to accept that I’m not following your path.” “Yeah, I can see you’ve chosen darkness for the rest of your life,” Han said sarcastically, glancing around the white walls of the cell. “I care about you, Ben. I can’t just let go.” “You only want me back so you don’t feel like such a failure as a father. You don’t care about me at all.” “That’s not true,” Han said. “I know you’re not happy on the dark side.” “I wasn’t particularly happy on the light side, either.” Han nodded slightly. “Because of me.” Kylo remained silent. “Why won’t you give me another chance?” asked Han. “It can be just you and me. Forget everyone else if they’re a pain in the ass.” “You don’t know the things I’ve done,” Kylo repeated. “I think it’s better if both of us accept the truth, rather than playing ‘happy families’.” “The truth? That you’d rather choose nothing over… pain and pleasure.” “The truth is that I see the dark side everywhere. Even in those who are on the light side. So why not.” Han’s expression became distant. “I… can’t trust myself to behave in such a way that I’d never hurt someone again.” Then he looked up. “But that’s part of life. Surely there are some things that are worth going through anything for. It can’t have all been bad.” Kylo looked reflective, then closed his eyes, his forehead creasing. “You’re wasting your time, old man.” Han sighed, his efforts for today defeated. “So… there is something else I want to talk to you about… Rey.” “Oh, are you worried about that random scavenger girl ?” “I’m worried about the both of you,” Han said evasively. “What did you do to her when she was your captive?” “What do you think I did?” Han knew better than to answer that question. Kylo gritted his teeth. “When she didn’t give me what I wanted, I took what I wanted. I raped her harshly. She was screaming and crying the whole time, but towards the end she got so wet you wouldn’t believe-” Han lost control and punched him in the face, sending Kylo crashing backwards into the wall. Kylo sat up, spluttering. “Why are you defending that whore , father? Don’t you care about your own son ?” he said defiantly despite the trickle of blood from his mouth. Han grabbed him by the collar and dragged him up, still pressed against the wall. “I didn’t raise you to do that,” Han spat angrily. “Well, maybe you didn’t raise me at all,” Kylo replied sardonically, earning him a punch in the gut, causing him to double over. That was followed by a knee to the head. Kylo fell to the ground, groaning. Han didn’t even care that he wasn’t fighting back, and kicked him hard in the stomach. The pain from the force of the kick was evident on Kylo’s face. Despite this, Kylo raised his head, baring his teeth. “See, you pathetic old man – I see through all of your bullshit. The truth hurts, but at least it’s the truth. Now, stop wasting your time!” “If there’s one thing I can do for you as a father, it’s make you responsible for your own actions,” Han said darkly. “It’s not all us, Ben.” With that, he grabbed Kylo by the neck and punched so hard that Kylo fell to the floor, unmoving. Opening the door, he said to the guards “Get him some medical attention.” He then strode off. Chapter 3 Notes: Note: for this AU to work, the fight that Kylo and Rey had after Han died already happened at some point. And he was injured at the time. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) For the last hour, Han had been in a dark corner of the base, nursing a bottle of Xalatian whiskey. He saw Rey in the distance, looking around. Seeing him, she smiled and came closer. “Are you OK?” she asked, concerned. “Not really,” Han said, falling into his default cavalier attitude despite being despondent. “I had my first meeting with Ben, and ended up beating the living shit out of him.” Rey’s mouth fell open, and she sat down, attentive. Han leaned forward. “He told me what he did to you. All I can say is… I’m sorry. And I know that ‘sorry’ isn’t nearly enough to make up for it.” “What he did to me? He… did play on my fears, but I was also able to stand up for myself.” Han looked at her, concerned that she was downplaying as a kind of psychological defense. “He told me he raped you,” he said gently. Her forehead creased. “Raped me? No, he didn’t…” Han’s eyes opened wider and his jaw dropped as her words sunk in. A trooper came running up to them. “Sir, he’s escaped.” Striding into the control room, Han said “Get me all visuals on the east side of the crag.” The visual control officer looked doubtful, but did it anyway. “There!” Han shouted, and dashed off. -- “Ben!” Han screamed to him from a distance. “Why did you lie to me?” Kylo turned around. “I just told you what you wanted to hear, you foolish old man,” he shouted bitterly. With that, Kylo jumped off the edge, disappearing into a nearby waterfall. Rey watched the whole scene with a mixture of horror and amazement. Han turned to someone. “Get all the scouts active… now .” -- Two hours had passed. Rey sat, brooding in her own secluded corner. As if any of them had a chance of catching him in the thick forests. Not really knowing what she was doing, she grabbed her lightsaber and some provisions, and slipped away without telling anyone. -- Rey sighed, enjoying the beautiful scenery. Having been exiled to a desert planet, the green of the lush forests were always soothing to her. And, feeling a bit selfish, she felt good just getting away from it all, even though her reason was to track Kylo. Without any thought or plan, she’d gone in a northern direction. To her surprise, she saw him on a nearby mountain. She stealthily ran towards him. -- She leapt down into a clearing. He looked around, surprised. “I’m not here to fight you,” she said. He eyed her lightsaber which was in her holster. “I think you’ve been hanging around my father for too long.” She cleared her throat. “I mean… I don’t want to fight you.” He started to pace. “So we could list the things that you’re not here for… why are you here?” he asked tauntingly, wanting her to see the futility of continuing his own father’s efforts to convert him. “I have no idea,” she replied quickly, not wanting to give him an opening. “But it seemed like the right thing to do.” He cocked his head. “Well, I’d buy a pack of your girl scout cookies, but it seems you’re all out of those.” She took her lightsaber out and activated it. “Maybe this is why I’m here.” Kylo gave a cold smile. “That’s better.” He activated his cross-saber, and they both started circling each other. Neither of them made the first move. “You’re stalling for time,” Kylo commented. “Don’t think I’m so stupid as to allow the others to catch up to you.” “The others don’t know where I’ve gone,” she said strongly. “It’s just you and me.” “Well, aren’t you cocky,” Kylo said disapprovingly. “May as well show me the results of your training with Luke. And I’ll show you the fruits of my training. One thing you didn’t count on – I’m healthy. Don’t think we’d have a repeat of last time, stupid girl,” he said in a bitter voice. With a shout of anger, she dashed forward, swinging wildly at what turned out to be thin air. Damn, he was fast. She barely parried and rolled, disengaging their first encounter. As was her wont, she gave a high-pitched grunt of frustration, whereas Kylo remained silent, looking amused at her outburst. They continued like that for some time, fighting at full strength. He started to breath more heavily, whereas her strength came more from her tenacity than her body. Desperate, she used a move that Luke had taught her which had a high rate of success. To her dismay, Kylo easily blocked it. “Ah, yes, the pincer move,” he said unaffectedly. “Did you forget that I also studied under Luke?” Dejected, she didn’t see his kick. She went flying, landing with a crunch on a boulder on the other side of the clearing. It winded her, and her left hip hurt terribly. To her horror, she realised she couldn’t move, and her lightsaber had flown away somewhere. Daylight was starting to fade, and all she could see was a blurry red glow coming closer. “This is getting boring,” he said. “One of my swords will enter you. Question is, which one?” She gasped as she remembered the story he’d told Han. “N-no…” He bent down and ran his index finger across her collarbone, loosening the material. “You don’t really want to do this,” she said, frantic. “Don’t I?” he said, undoing her front to expose more of her cleavage. Tears started to form in her eyes, from the feeling of being helpless and failing her goal. “P-please, Kylo… don’t!” He paused. “OK.” He deactivated his saber, and picked her up. “How about we postpone this fight until tomorrow?” She nodded, looking shocked. “You know, you could thank me,” he remarked as he carried her. “This is the second time I could have killed you, but didn’t – the first time being when I had you at the edge of the ravine on the Starkiller.” “Thank you,” she said softly. He looked surprised. “You actually said it.” “Well, I don’t really think of you as my enemy.” “Really?” he said incredulously. “How do you figure that? Oh, wait – you’re trying to turn me to the light side. I forgot.” “And you?” she replied, not wanting to ignore the discrepancies in his own actions. “Like you said, you could have killed me, but didn’t.” “You called me Kylo.” “What?” she said, startled. “Every other idiot is calling me ‘Ben’. But you called me by my chosen name.” She remained gazing at him in shock. He smirked. “Easy, girl. Suffice to say, you could be more useful to me alive than dead.” He gently placed her on some soft grass, then lay down next to her. She tensed as he pulled her towards him, but all he did was wrap the cape around them both. With their lightsabers disabled therefore no way of being tracked, they fell asleep. Notes: Eh, I might be turning Kylo into a lousy villain, but all I wanted to do was explore the themes it presented. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey stirred, murmuring as she clung to the warmth of the pile of blankets next to her. Then it struck her. She never had a pile of blankets on Jakku. With a shout of terror, she jumped back, skidding along the ground. Kylo looked beleaguered by her actions, half-groaning as he sat up. “You’re a violent sleeper, you know,” he said with a smirk. “At first, you gripped me, but then kept punching me. Then when I tried to move you away, you punched me even more, so I let you stay. I thought you might be trying to pull a fast one on me, but you kept mentioning ‘Keejo’.” Rey gulped. “Keejo was my pet for a while, who died.” Kylo gripped his ribs. “No wonder.” Rey grimaced, not believing his manners, or lack thereof. “Keejo was a much better pet than… you could ever hope to be!” Kylo looked surprised at her choice of insult. “Oh… I guess I’ll just have to live with that.” Rey blushed, embarrassed. He jumped to his feet, drawing his cross-saber. “Perhaps we could keep things simple? Like, I’m trying to kill you? And you’re trying to kill me?” “Sounds good.” She followed suit, and activated her weapon. “I’m warning you, I’m not a morning person.” “Wouldn’t that give me the advantage?” he murmured as their sabers clashed with a hiss. “No. I become more violent,” she said, dodging one of his attacks with a backflip. “So you’re resorting to your true nature,” he said, running after her. She jumped on a tree, and used it to launch herself at him at high speed. “I wouldn’t say that – more like it takes me a while to wake up .” Thankfully for him, his reflexes had gotten him out of harms way before he even knew she’d struck. Angry at her skill, he focused on more elaborate attack sequences. She was irritated by his ego, in what riled him up to push himself. “I can’t believe you.” She jumped back and parried, the sabers becoming a blur in front of her. “Oh? Why’s that?” he said, a bit too strained to be neutral as he dodged another attack with a hair’s breadth to spare. “You just threw your family away,” she said through gritted teeth, as she pushed her sword against his. “Your own father.” “How many times have I said it - you don’t know my family,” Kylo replied, frustrated, pushing back with vigour. “Even if he’s not perfect, he’s better than nothing!” she shouted, stepping back and lowering her sword. “To be let down all the time, better than nothing?” Kylo growled as he remembered his pain. “Only a desert rat living in a dream could say something like that!” Her mouth fell open. “That’s why I hate you. Because you always blame others. Nothing’s ever good enough for you.” The expression in Kylo’s eyes showed anger at her judgments. “Well, I’ve got news for you – if you hate someone, you’re using the dark side of the force. And doesn’t it feel so natural .” She stared at him trying to determine whether he was telling the truth, then glanced away, knowing he meant it. He narrowed his eyes. “What?” she demanded. “It’s just nice to see you brought down a notch or two, that’s all.” “What are you trying to say?” Kylo cocked his head. “Well…. alright. I’ll tell you why I hate you . You’re a prodigy who was able to stand up to me with basically no training. I want nothing more than to see you at my mercy, begging for your life.” She spluttered. “Prodigy? You think… just being able to survive is something special? I’d trade it all for some connection… for family !” They both fell silent as they absorbed the meaning of the other’s words. It was a surprise that they were both jealous of each other, to some extent. Kylo huffed, amused. “Well… back to seeing who’s stronger,” he said, spinning around his cross-saber. She didn’t raise hers. “ Yes , let’s see who’s stronger. But let’s do this the real way – I’ll trade you my memories for yours. All of them. Let’s see who comes out on top.” Kylo’s mouth fell open and his face grew ashen. Even though he wanted to project an image of solidarity and strength, the truth was that he was more conflicted than he’d like anyone else to know – even more than he would like to know. This truly would be the ultimate test. The corners of his mouth curled up even though his eyes looked apprehensive. “Alright.” They both stood there with their sabers in their hands and looked intently at the other, trusting the other’s desire to know the truth. They both were nervous about opening up each other’s deep thoughts, since both had learned to hide parts of themselves in order to survive. They were both highly force-sensitive, and knew the other would pick up on everything if they removed their own mental shield. “Ready?” he asked. “Ready.” The amount of information exchange was incredible - they each experienced a life’s worth of memories in a split second. Flooded with minute details, extreme emotions, dreams, nightmares, desire, longing, and all the rest that made up human existence. And after that split-second, it was over. She dropped her lightsaber with a clang, and ran towards him, hugging him tightly. “I’m sorry I said all those things to you before,” she said, sobbing into his chest. “I understand now.” By all logic he should take his lightsaber and impale her while she was vulnerable, but he just couldn’t move. Knowing what she had been through had lessened his jealousy quite considerably to the point where he actually felt sorry for her – with her being so grateful for any scrap of affection from anyone, including him. Without realising, his saber fell out of his numb hand and exploded on impact. It took a moment later to realise that his resolve had shattered as well. He had lost. She let go, and to his amazement, he realised that her resolve was affected, too – she had a dark look on her face. He grabbed her hands in his. “So, the truth?” She gave a bitter chuckle. “The truth… is confusing.” He smiled, silently agreeing with her. “And what now?” “I have no idea,” she said, wiping her nose. “You know that I care about you and would like to help you.” “Mmh.” He looked amused by her crazy behaviour, to the extent that she would try to help an enemy. She put her hands on her hips. “Hey, we’re cousins, aren’t we? So you’re my family too, and you know how much that means to me.” “Scraping the bottom of the barrel, aren’t we?” he replied, smirking. “No, not at all,” she said, laughing. It really was a bizarre situation. She picked up her lightsaber and deactivated it, putting it in her holster. She looked at the remains of his. “Perhaps it could be fixed…” “Don’t bother,” he said flatly. She looked up, wondering if he meant more than face value. He could see what she was thinking. “I… still feel like I’m on the dark side of the force. But after that, I also know that I don’t want to fight you.” She grinned, then sobered up. “I also feel the same way. I… can see why you did what you did.” He bent forward and kissed her on the cheek, then turned to leave. “Wait!” He paused and looked back. “I… I just want to make sure you’ll be OK,” she said with trepidation, hoping he’d see her honest concern. He gazed at her, knowing that she wasn’t just doing ‘what was right’ but did feel a connection. She pressed on. “Why don’t you meet me at the circular rock near the everglades to the north of the base tomorrow? We can have a picnic. Just you and me.” “A picnic,” he repeated, not quite believing what he was hearing. She nodded enthusiastically. He looked at her with trepidation, then the corner of his mouth curled up as he relented. “Fine. At daybreak.” She grinned, genuinely happy. -- The next day, she’d laid out an old throw rug to use as a picnic blanket, and was anxiously looking around for him. “Hey.” She whirled around and stifled a scream. He looked shocked that she was startled. “I went through the underground caves to avoid detection.” “Oh, of course!” she replied, getting a hold of herself. “Well, so glad you could make it. Thank you for coming!” The proper response would have been “thank you for having me” but she didn’t want to push it – for some reason, she could sense that he was flattered on some level that she wanted to spend time with him, even though he didn’t say so. “Wow, this is quite the spread.” She beamed. “Glad you like it. We’ve got jellies, crankars, Simulvi tarts, and…” she opened a box… “some girl scout cookies,” she said laughing. His face fell as he heard the last part, remembering his earlier quip about her carrying girl scout cookies when they were fighting. She tensed as she realised that it may have come across as a flippant remark about his internal dilemma. “Oh, but please feel free to not have anything you don’t want.” A faint smile came on his face at her caring and concern. He reached out and picked up a cookie. “How much will these cost me?” “They’re free,” she said, giggling as he took a bite. Notes: Alright~~~ well, it might seem to end on a cliffhanger, but in my mind, the point of this story was to explore an emotional shift - in particular, the more we know about our 'enemy', the more humanised/relatable they become, and the more that happens, the less we want to fight. I prefer to keep with canon when I can, hence the fact we don't truly know Kylo's past or why he turned, so to speak. But I thought it would be interesting if Rey felt it was understandable that he did, even though she couldn't condone the actions per se. Also, I wanted to make it ambiguous as to whether he had turned to the light side or whether it was a stalemate, but even though neither of them are acting as they should, I think it would be difficult for him to return after allowing her more freedom and enjoying his company. As much as one could downplay the importance of eating a cookie, it's still an exception to what someone on the dark side should do, for sure. It's interesting the way they've set up Kylo - even though there is conflict within him that may be explored in later movies, if he did fail to be absolutely dark, I think he'd be left stuck in the middle somehow - I mean, killing Jedi kids, Han Solo... there comes a point where too much has happened to wipe the slate clean. So I'm interested to see what the filmmakers do~~ Thank you SO MUCH to everyone who has read this! :D And if you really REALLY liked this, please consider checking out my other Star Wars fics, as there are so many fics, they get lost in the flow so easily, I think. ^___^