Discovery of a Jedi The wind whipped through Rey's hair as she bent low to enter the tiny stone hut. She could hear the waves lapping against the sliver of beach far below. In front of her, Luke pulled his cloak from his shoulders, hanging it on an outcrop of the wall. Below he wore a light tunic, easy to move in and a similar material to her own. She noted he had a lightsaber stuck through a loop in his belt. Tiny glimmers of sunlight oozed through the chinks in the wall. In the center of the room sat a stone cylinder, serving as the rough equivalent of a table. A misshapen clay jug sat perched in the middle of it. Luke sat on the floor beside it, crossing his legs and gesturing for her to join him. "Sit." His voice was quiet. It was the first real thing he'd said to Rey. On the clifftop, he'd barely mumbled a 'follow me' before striding away down the stone stairs. She chose a spot across from him, half because she wanted to see his face, half because she was too scared to sit any closer. Luke extended his arm over the table, and Rey felt a little guilty for the way she flinched away from his cyborg-like prosthetic. The lightsaber tucked into her belt flew into his hand with a clang of metal on metal. "Yes." he said softly, his voice rough from disuse. It was almost a croak. An animal called in the distance, the sound filtering into the hut. "It's definitely mine." Rey didn't reply, and after a moment, Luke turned to glare at the apparently empty space beside him. He mumbled something she couldn't catch, and turned back to the saber in his hands. He's been here for years. Rey thought. He's bound to be a little odd. "Where did you get this?" His voice snapped her from her thoughts. "Maz Kanata." His brow furrowed in confusion. "How did she get it?" He pressed the button alone the hilt and instantly a blue light sprung from it, reflecting in the clay jug of water resting on the table. The quiet hum filled the space between them. "I don't know." Rey said finally. Luke sheathed the weapon, tossing it back to her across the table. She jumped at the sudden motion, but her reflexes kicked in and she caught the cylinder with ease. "Last time I saw that," he said, "both it and my hand were falling towards the nether regions of Cloud City." His metal hand tightened into a fist, curling and uncurling restlessly. "How'd you get this, steal it?" "No!" Rey said quickly. "I'd never! Maz gave it to me. She said she sensed the force in me." "She was right." he said. "And she's never been one to let desert rats steal from her. Tell me Rey, how did you get off of Jakku?" Rey's eyes widened. "How do you know who I am? How do you know I'm from Jakku." Luke raised his eyebrow. "I am the only remaining Jedi master. I think it would be more surprising if I didn't know where you were from." "Right." she said, relaxing a little. "Yes, of course." "Of course it helps that I was the one who dropped you off there." Rey sucked in a breath, feeling her heart rate quicken. "You what ? That's impossible." "And why would that be impossible?" "Because Unkar Plutt - he said my family had left me on Jakku." "Yes, as he was instructed to tell you. I payed Plutt to protect you." Her thoughts were a whirlwind. This wasn't happening. This couldn't happen. Rey had never met this man before. How could she possibly believe that he had been the one to leave her all those years ago. And yet something, perhaps that sixth sense which had awakened on Starkiller Base, something told her this could be true. It didn't feel like he was lying. How can any of this be possible? "But this doesn't make sense. Unkar Plutt starved me. He swindled me - gave me barely enough to survive." she asked, taking a deep breath to calm herself down. "Once again, as he was instructed to. You never had enough money to leave Jakku, did you? Nothing to trade. Anything valuable he'd steal." Forgetting for a moment that she was in the presence of a Jedi master, Rey leaned her elbows on the table, burying her face in her hands and trying to think this through. Her family had left her. This couldn't be right. This man was a stranger. He couldn't have been the one to leave her. Unless... "Are you my father?" she asked suddenly. His eyes gleamed the same blue as the blade of her lightsaber. "Of course not. If I was any relation to you, you've been able to sense it as soon as you'd spotted me on that clifftop. I am not your father, but I knew him. Your mother too." "Where are they then?" He shifted, getting up stiffly. "I'll explain in good time. With the help of the Force, you'll be able to see what has passed for yourself. Now however, I must go to meet an old friend." Luke moved towards the door, stopping only briefly to look back at the still-seated Rey. "You should come quickly. It is not wise to keep a wookie waiting." Chapter 2 : Shared Space Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo's room at Starkiller Base had been much bigger. It had, in fact, been multiple rooms. There had been a bedroom, with black walls and big windows and thick red curtains. He'd had a bathroom too, with the matte black tile he'd requested, and a big clawed bathtub which had looked very menacing. But best of all was the little parlor with a huge chaise-longue. It had no other purpose than to be used for lounging around, which was exactly what he'd done with it. Kylo didn't have much free time, but what little he did have was put to good use lying around looking broody and sorrowful. Now he was back at the First Base, the main site for the First Order, in the room he'd had as a teen. He let out a sigh and shifted on his cramped cot. His room here was plain, drab white. The color of hospitals. It rather smelled like a hospital too. Some years ago, in an effort to make it seem more like home, he'd taped up a few ratty posters. They were in tatters now, burned from his lightsaber when he'd lost his temper. One whole side of the room had deep, blackened scores in the wall from various tantrums. At least it didn't look quite so much like a hospital. Kylo sighed again. "Would you shut up!" snapped Hux, looking up from his book to glare at Kylo. Ah yes, there was Hux too. They had been roommates since they'd been teens. Hux took the left side, Kylo had the right. It was very clear whose side was whose. Not only was there a thick yellow line painted in the exact middle, but the precise organization of the left side and the pitiful wreck of the right side very clearly defined who lived where. Also, Kylo noted, the casual observer might not realize that not only did the line divide the floor, but climbed up the walls, over the corners and around the ceiling as well. If there had been a way to paint that block of air yellow, one of them would have found it. (Not that Kylo hadn't tried three years ago when he'd caught Hux polishing his mask.) "I wasn't even saying anything." Kylo glared at his roommate, thinking wistfully of Starkiller Base, and the tiny disintegrated bits of his bedroom now floating aimlessly through space. "You're melodramatic sighing is very distracting." Hux said. Kylo sighed again. For a moment there, lounging in his parlor in Starkiller, he might have almost missed having Hux around. Now however... "Fine." he said, sitting up and sliding off his cot. "I'm going out." Hux didn't look up, and Kylo couldn't help but feel a flare of anger at the lack of response. He shook it off, picking his helmet up from under his bed. As he reached the door, Hux closed his book. "Oh, and Ren, Supreme Leader Snoke said that he wants to meet with you." Panic blazed in Kylo's chest. "What? When?" Hux shrugged, infuriatingly calm. "A few hours ago." " A few hours ago ? " Kylo repeated, ramming the mask on his head and rushing to the closet to search for an appropriately black cloak. "Why the hell didn't you tell me?" "Because you're an ass, Ren." Kylo clenched his fists at his sides, taking a moment to breath before he continued his search through all of Hux's endless military uniforms. "Sometimes I don't know why I let you live." he hissed, the microphone in his mask picking up his voice and making it growl from the speakers. He pulled on the cloak and stalked from the room, pretending not to see the satisfied smirk on the General's face. Ren's a child. Hux thought, dropping the fake smile seconds after the door had closed. Just because he can use the force and makes a pathetic attempt to honor his ancestors, he thinks he's some long-suffering God. Hux gritted his teeth just thinking about it, his jaw tightening. He got up and went over to his neat little desk, putting the book down. He hadn't even really been reading it. But any excuse to torment Kylo was a good enough excuse to Hux. It was so easy to provoke him. Kylo had never actually said anything about idolizing Anakin, but everyone knew his family history. And with that damned mask, it was obviously he was trying to follow in the footsteps of his grandfather. One would think, after being in the same room for god knows how many years, that Kylo would have calmed down a bit. Maybe even dropped the act entirely around Hux. But no, he was still just as dark and brooding in the privacy of their room. Maybe, thought Hux, he's lying to himself just as much as he's lying to me. Maybe he'd repressed his Vader-complex entirely. Hux didn't know, and also didn't really care. Kylo could do what he wanted, the melodramatic little git. He'd always had the force, always been special, always been blessed. Hux had had none of that. He'd been born in a time of war, and raised in a time of oppression. And he'd built the First Order, he'd damn well built it from the ground up (alongside the Supreme Leader of course). But Kylo was always there. Every step of the way. The bloody apple of Snoke's bloody eye. Without thinking, he slammed a hand down onto the desk, his rage finally getting the better of him. The book fell off the desk, falling open on the floor. He bent down to pick it up, carefully straightening out the crumpled pages and putting it in its place on the shelf. He started to turn away, but his eyes found something that had fallen from between the pages. A folded slip of paper. He scooped it up, unfolding it gently. There were deep creases running through it from where it had been pressed flat. He smoothed it out against the desk and stared down for a moment. One quick glance was enough to know what it was. Hux snatched up the paper, tearing it down the crease again and again, until only fine, tiny pieces were left in his hands. He brushed them off in the dustbin and slipped on his leather gloves, trying to forget what he'd just seen. Hux slammed the door on his way out, not bothering to lock it. No one would dare steal from them anyway. He walked quickly away down the hall, trying to put that distressing paper out of his mind, to no avail. Notes: I've had this head canon about Hux and Kylo being roomies back at the First Order base. It feel so good to write it out FINALLY. Since this is just the beginning, sorry! It's a little rough. But it'll smooth out, I swear.