#1 New Year's Eve was almost ending, and Finn hadn't even had his chance to confess his love to his best friend, Poe. Of course, it was Poe that had to throw a party, and Finn wasn't really against it. He just wish he could get Poe alone, just to tell him his feelings. "Hux, have you seen Poe?" Finn asked, hoping that Hux knew where he was. "Actually, yes. He's been hanging out with that Sasha girl. She's been all over him all night, and he's been trying to get away." Hux informed Finn, and with that, Finn headed to find Poe. Finn was upset that Poe was dealing with Sasha all night, especially at his own party. He wanted to do something about her, and so it got him thinking. Going up the stairs quickly, but quietly, Finn could hear a familiar voice. Although he could, Finn was still far away from it to tell exactly who it was. "Poe? Are you up here?" Finn called out, and he got no response. It was now quiet, and Finn started to worry more and more with each step. By this time, the noise completely stopped, but Finn wasn't going to give up on finding Poe. Finn was determined to confess his love for his best friend. Although he was determined, he was also afraid of what Poe's reaction will be. Finn didn't know if Poe would hate him, but it's a risk that Finn's willing to take. Chapter 2 : #2 Chapter by zistysfosgerald Taking a deep breath, Finn knocked on the door to where the noise was coming from. But he had gotten no response, so Finn turned the handle, and pushed on the door. To his surprise, it was Poe or Sasha. Instead, it was some random guy and a girl. Quickly shutting the door so they could get their privacy back. Finn felt stupid, pulling out his phone to look at what the time was. Thankfully, it was only ten o'clock, and he had two hours before the fireworks came on. Finn started to grow anxious about the whole situation, and it began to grow more obvious to the people around him. "You okay, man? You look nervous," Ben asked as he walked up to him. Finn just smiled, and nodded. "Have you seen Poe, Ben?" Finn refused to give up, and he knew he was going to find Poe no matter what it took. "Last time I saw him, he was down in the basement. He was trying to lose that chick, Sasha. She's kinda crazy," Ben said, and Finn nodded. "She is crazy, and I'm trying to find Poe. I have to tell him something very important before midnight." Finn stated, and Ben raised an eyebrow. "Alright...well, I'll tell him if I come across him." he smiled at Finn before he walked into the bathroom. Walking down the stairs as fast as he could, Finn made sure to not trample over the couple who were making out. Finn finally reached the bottom of the stairs, and began to walk towards the basement steps. Where the hell is he? Chapter 3 : #3 Chapter by zistysfosgerald Finn was growing more anxious by the minute, and he was ready to snap. Although he was ready to snap, he held his composure. . Finally, Finn found Poe, and of course, Sasha too. He didn't even know the girl, nor did he want to. By the looks of it, she wanted to hook up with Poe, but Poe wasn't really interested in her. "Come on, you know you wanna..." she trailed off, unaware of Finn being in the room. "No, I don't want to, Sasha. Please leave my party. Now." Poe said, finally putting his foot down. This made Finn smile, because it was the first time Poe was sticking up for himself. "Out of my way, bitch." she said, pushing Finn out of the way. "Hey," Finn smiled, but Poe frowned. "Why the sad face, Poe?" Poe shrugged before saying anything, and Finn knew something was up with him. "I just wish I didn't spend all night running away from Sasha...I really wanted to hangout with you." he frowned some more, and Finn blushed. "It's okay, Poe, I understand. I would have been running away from her too." Finn admitted, and Poe gave him a small smile. "So, what would you like to do?" Finn asked, and Poe thought about it. "I don't know, you?" he asked, and Finn smiled. "I have an idea since we have a little bit before the fireworks go off. Why don't we go on the roof and talk?" Finn suggested, and Poe nodded before the two walked up to first floor. Finally getting to the stairs that lead to Poe's bedroom, they carefully climbed through bedroom window. Once on the roof, Finn checked his phone. It was eleven-forty, and he couldn't wait any longer. Finn had to tell Poe now, or it would be too late. But he couldn't come up with the words to say, and it was making him shake with nervousness. "You okay, Finn? Do you wanna go back inside?" Poe asked, and Finn smiled while shaking his head. "No, but...I need to tell you something very important." Finn said, taking in a deep breath. "Yeah? What would that be?" "Poe, I don't know how to say this...but, I love you." Chapter 4 : #4 Chapter by zistysfosgerald Poe looked shocked, and maybe even a little uncomfortable. Or at that's what Finn thought. The tension was high, and Poe shifted uncomfortably. Finn didn't know if his confession just ruined their friendship, or not. To him, it was hard to tell at that point in time. "You-you love me?" Poe asked, and it was clear to Finn that he was caught off-guard. "Yes, I know it's weird, It's just...I've fallen in love with you since the twelfth grade. I'm sorry, I should really go." Finn said with a frown, and Poe looked away. "I think you really should leave, Finn..." Poe admitted, and Finn nodded. "Okay, as you wish." Finn said before climbing back into the window. Sighing, Finn started to regret telling Poe the truth. He definitely was freaked out by it, and Finn knew he should have seen this coming. He wasn't ready to leave, but he had to give Poe some space. "Did you find Poe?" Ben asked, and Finn nodded without saying anything. He just wasn't in the mood for talking to anyone at that point. All he wanted was to sleep, and binge drink his problems away. Even though he knew that that would never work. Walking out of the house, he looked up at the roof to see Poe staring up at the sky. Finn knew that Poe did that every time he was thinking. What did I do? Chapter 5 : #5 Chapter by zistysfosgerald "He's lucky he said he was into Finn, and that's why he was trying to get away from me," Sasha said to a random friend of Poe's. She was definitely angry, and Finn was confused by the whole thing. What he didn't get was why she said that Poe liked him. Poe never said anything like that; instead, he acted like the complete opposite. It was like he got creeped out by Finn's confession, and that hurt Finn. "How do you know he likes Finn?" the guy asked, and Sasha smirked. "He flat out told me, and that's what stopped me from perusing him. I gave up," she stated, and Finn frowned before walking to his car. I guess he doesn't really like me, but why would Sasha say that? All these questions ran through his head, and it was becoming overwhelming. Sitting in his car, he began to cry, and it was like a waterfall of emotions. But as soon as he started to calm down, his phone rang. It was Poe. Chapter 6 : #6 Chapter by zistysfosgerald "What do you want, Poe?" Finn snapped, and Poe sighed. "I..I'm sorry how I reacted. I truly am." Poe apologized, and Finn started to cry again. "I know you are, Poe. Your reaction hurt me, and I don't know what to say." Finn admitted, and Poe shifted on the roof. "You could say it's okay?" Poe said, and Finn sighed depressingly. He didn't want to say what he was about to. But it had to be done, and there was no going back. "No, Poe. I'm not going to sit here and act like it's okay, because it's not okay. If you liked me, you would have told me while we were on the roof together. Instead, you just tell me that I should go, and then call me acting like you're sorry? Yeah, I'm not playing that game with you." Finn snapped, and Poe's eyes widened. "Please, Finn..." Poe trailed off, but Finn was done with him. Of course, it was going to take some time to get over Poe, but it was going to be worth it. He didn't want anything to do with Poe anymore, and it was time to get rid of the negative in his life. "No, Poe, I'm done. You had your chance, and now it's gone. Just like that. Goodbye." Finn said, hanging up the phone instantly after saying goodbye to Poe. That felt good, and now, I have lifted a weight off my shoulders. That weight being the one and only Poe. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the 2016 Challenge series