“So where are we going, anyway?” Finn sounds a little out of breath as he says it, and Poe feels a twinge of concern. He looks over his shoulder. “You okay?” he asks, and Finn exhales heavily, nodding. “I’m fine,” he says, but Poe catches the slight wince as he moves. “Hey, maybe we should head back,” he says, stopping in his tracks and turning to his friend. “You’re obviously not up for this–” “I’m fine,” Finn repeats. He looks like he means it, but Poe can’t help but be reminded that just two weeks ago, Finn was still lying in the infirmary. A week before that, he was unconscious for days. “You sure?” he says, giving Finn a pointed look. “This thing ain’t worth it if you’re gonna end up killing yourself over it.” “Nah, don’t worry,” Finn says lightly. “If I fall over or something, you’ll just have to carry me.” Poe blinks. “That’s not–” he says, shaking his head and making a dismissive, aloof face, before catching himself. “I mean, not that I wouldn’t, just–” He gestures pointlessly. “I don’t– You know…” He trails off awkwardly, without really knowing why. Finn is obviously joking, and he knows that – he just can’t seem to process anything even remotely suggestive where Finn is concerned, right now. He’s usually so smooth with this, what the hell is wrong with him? Finn watches him fumble, and an amused smile tugs at his mouth. Poe furrows his brow. ”What?” he says, and Finn shakes his head, smile widening. “Nothing,” he says. “It’s just… Poe Dameron, smart-ass, daredevil of the skies, best pilot in the Resistance; stuttering.” The flush that starts creeping up Poe’s neck is a harsh reminder of exactly the point Finn is trying to make, and he ends up grinning sheepishly and glancing away. “Alright, shut up,” he says, but the words have no bite. “We gonna do this, or what?” “Hey, you’re the one who dragged me out here,” Finn says. “Better be good.” Poe makes sure to keep his mouth shut, and not say something stupid about how any activity would be good if Finn is involved. Instead, he cocks his head in the direction they’re headed, and Finn follows behind him as they keep walking. D’Qar isn’t quite as impressive as Yavin 4, not as lush with green and colors, nothing like the jungle world Poe calls home, but it’s still something. With the Resistance base nestled among ancient temples, and surrounded by mountains and forest, there are still a few decent places to go. Poe has seen many of them from above, and there is one spot in particular he’d like to show Finn, for whatever reason. Maybe he just wants to share it with someone. He knows it’s more than that, but he feels a bit too uncertain to think about it right now. Uncertainty is not a feeling Poe Dameron is used to. It’s not a long climb, the spot is maybe twenty minutes or so away from the base – Poe made sure to pick a place close enough for Finn not to end up dead walking there and back – but it’s just high up enough to grant quite a view. When they reach the top, Poe grabs Finn’s arm as he stumbles, steadying him. He tells himself that the little skip his heart does at the brief, close proximity to Finn’s face with his own is due to exertion from the climb, and nothing more. He’s not very convincing, even to himself. “So what’s so special about this place?” Finn asks, out of breath and limping slightly as Poe leads him through the trees. Poe tries not to notice, tries his best not to grab Finn again and support his weight while he’s so clearly struggling with it at the moment – he also tries not to feel guilty about it. The thought of having Finn’s warm body lean against him does all kinds of things to his head, makes a weird feeling stir in his gut, so it’s probably best to refrain. “You’ll see,” Poe says, hiding how self-conscious he suddenly feels. Maybe this won’t be as impressive as he thought, maybe Finn will take one look at it and just be completely underwhelmed. “Just over here.” As he says it, they emerge from the tree line, a steep drop only a few steps ahead, and the look on Finn’s face puts any concerns Poe may have to rest. Finn’s dark eyes go wide, mouth falling open slightly. “Whoa.” It’s all he says, and Poe turns to take in the view, as well. They made it up here just in time. The sun has just set, leaving the sky not quite pitch black, but rather a deep indigo fading to purple, with thousands of scattered, bright stars. There are mountains in the distance, below them vast forest, and the semi-hidden base Poe hopes Finn has now come to think of as home is still in sight. It’s cheesy as hell, but Poe has always loved this view, and on this completely clear night, it is particularly breathtaking. “Yeah?” he says, stunned and relieved at the sheer marvel in Finn’s expression, and Finn nods, speechless. Poe glances at him, subtly at first, but then with a more lingering, deliberate look. Strangely enough, Finn is at the moment more interesting to look at than the amazing expanse in front of them, with his beautiful face and wide eyes and half-parted lips, Poe’s jacket resting over his shoulders, as always. Its damage has been repaired, and has thus lost some of its charm, but Finn refuses to part with it. It shouldn’t make Poe as happy as it does. Poe swallows dryly. He’s not used to feeling nervous, ever. Willingly flying into battle and taking on one borderline-suicide mission after the other is one thing, but this… This is something else entirely. And he doesn’t know how, or even if, he should let Finn know that. “Okay,” Finn says after a while. “Worth it.” “What?” Poe says dumbly, snapping out of his daze. “Worth it,” Finn repeats with a small smile, and turns to him. He doesn’t seem the least bit surprised that Poe is already looking at him, instead it seems to put him at ease. “Definitely.” Poe meets his gaze, just holds it for longer than he cares to admit, and he probably shouldn’t. But Finn isn’t looking away either, so maybe it’s okay. Eventually, Poe smiles, a strange warmth swelling in his chest, spreading through his body and out to his fingertips, making it nearly impossible to stay still, to keep from touching this gorgeous, amazing man beside him. “Yeah,” he says instead. “Definitely.” Notes: Visit me on tumblr Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Stormpilot drabbles series Next Work →