“What do you think?” Poe throws his arms out, gesturing around the room, a huge grin on his face, and Finn exhales. He tries to feel Poe’s degree of enthusiasm, he really does, but he ends up falling short and just half-shrugging instead. “It’s…” he starts, looking around the space. “Identical to every other room like it on this base.” He sees Poe’s arms fall limply at his sides, the pilot throwing his head back in an overly dramatic sigh. “Yes,” he admits, “but it’s ours. ” Finn looks over, meets his gaze. He’s not wrong; after bunking with random people over the past few months, having an entire room to themselves is pretty amazing. Finn first slept in the infirmary, until he was well enough that they threw him out, and then he ended up in a room full of strangers. They were all kind and respectful towards him, some of them curious about stories of the First Order, but still – it wasn’t home. Poe, as it turned out, quickly became home. The two of them would spend increasing amounts of time together whenever they got the chance, and when their friendship eventually developed into something more, Finn would sneak into Poe’s sleeping quarters most nights, or vice-versa. It was always tricky, of course, the two of them rarely – if ever – getting any real privacy, but it was enough. For a while, at least. Finn would be lying if he said it didn’t get pretty frustrating, pretty quickly, as there’s only to many weeks you can handle sneaking around abandoned hangars, or having a quickie whenever the sleeping quarters are briefly deserted. So when Poe surprised him with the suggestion of perhaps rooming just the two of them, Finn barely even hesitated. He’s still trying to wrap his head around the notion that Poe not only wants him around, but wants him, wants to be with him. It’s staggering, but Finn is slowly getting used to it. Poe watches him, standing in the middle of the room. It’s small, but there’s a bed – no bunkbeds, for once – just slightly bigger than standard, big enough for the two of them, and that’s good enough. Finn wonders what kind of strings Poe had to pull to get this place. Not that it would have been difficult; besides his status within the Resistance, his charms can be dangerously effective. “So,” Poe says, slowly making his way over to Finn, who’s still standing just inside the closed door. “Not impressed?” He raises his eyebrows challengingly, and Finn feels a small smile tug at his mouth. “Impressed that you actually pulled it off,” he says, placing his hands on Poe’s hips when he’s close enough. He’s not wearing that orange flightsuit, for once, instead dressed in the same kind of casual attire he had the first time Finn laid eyes on him. “And I gotta admit, it’s a lot swankier than the place I slept in before I got here.” “Yeah?” Poe says, tugging gently on the hem of Finn’s pants to pull the two of them closer together. He eyes Finn’s face, and Finn still marvels at the little shiver it sends running across his skin, the novelty of it still not gone. “Yeah,” he says. “Not so much a room, as a storage space with bed-like structures.” He says it jokingly, and Poe gives him a small smile, eyes crinkling at the corners, but it’s still a little sad. He seems to have trouble hearing details of what Finn’s life was like before they met, when he was still FN-2187, still just cannon fodder for the enemy. He doesn’t mention it, though. Instead, he leans in closer, plants a soft kiss on Finn’s lips, and it’s like a jolt, Finn closing his eyes as he lets it course through him. The kiss starts off chaste, but, like always where the two of them are concerned, it escalates pretty quickly. Before long, Poe’s tongue is in his mouth, low moans vibrating through his chest, and Finn swears his knees go weak when he feels Poe’s hands slowly run up underneath his shirt, smoothing over his skin and the jagged scar running down his back. He pulls Poe even closer, grinds up slowly against him, earning a pleased groan in return, and he tries to hide his disappointment when Poe pulls away by a fraction. “You know,” Poe says in a low voice, pulling his bottom lip in between his teeth, their faces still so close together that Finn can feel him breathing. “I didn’t even show you the best part yet.” “Yeah?” Finn says breathlessly, not really caring about anything right now, aside from the warm body pressed against him. “And what’s that?” Poe sighs, the sound content and hungry, all at once. “We’ve got our own shower.” Finn smiles, the expression mirrored in Poe, and just like that, that enthusiasm he was looking for comes roaring back with full force. Notes: Visit me on tumblr Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Stormpilot drabbles series Next Work →