Prologue After saying her goodbye, Rey left Finn behind in medbay with a lump in her throat. She didn’t want to cry again, it was too difficult to continue reliving the events of Starkiller Base and crying did nothing but make her feel worse. There was a new task at hand and it was there she needed to focus. Remaining on D’Qar would only increase her anxiety and grief. In the too brief time she had known him, Rey had come to respect, care for and even love Han Solo. He’d represented the father figure she’d never had, or at least couldn’t remember, and Finn...He was her best friend, the brother she hadn’t realized she longed for. Their adventure together had changed her. Finn had rescued her in more ways than he knew and she didn’t just mean from Starkiller Base. Life on Jakku had been harsh and isolating, there was no opportunity for friends, especially when you lived as a scavenger. Rey didn’t want to let him down, she didn’t want to let the Resistance down. She may have run from Maz Kanata just a week before, denying she wanted a part of this, but things had changed since then. There was no way to deny she was a part of this, whether she wanted to be or not. Finding Luke Skywalker was just one piece of the whole but it was such an important piece that she knew she couldn’t put it off. Staying to sit by Finn’s bedside while he recovered from crippling injuries in a medically induced coma would do neither him nor her any good. General Organa had informed her kindly of this when she found Rey sitting at Finn’s bedside two days before, unable to tear herself away as she breathed in unison with the rise and fall of Finn’s chest. Rey knew she was right. The cruelty the General had suffered at the hands of her own son horrified Rey but the courage the General showed broke her heart. Rey couldn’t be the one to hurt her further by not finding and returning with the General’s brother. There were people on D’Qar that Rey respected and denying them would make her no better than the monster she’d named Kylo Ren. Kylo Ren had tortured her when he reached into her mind with the Force and told her the secrets she tried to keep from herself. The loneliness, the sleepless nights...She’d been desperately lonely and the only thing motivating her had been the desire to see her family return. To feel wanted and loved. The sense of belonging she’d felt in the company of Han, Chewie, and Finn - a father, a friend, a brother - had been ripped out from under her. Han was dead and Finn wasn’t far from death himself. Chewie was still there and she appreciated his company but he was deep in his own mourning. Rey didn’t know how to comfort him except to ask if he would go with her to find Luke in the Millennium Falcon . She believed she would see Finn again and her hope was that when she returned, Luke Skywalker would be with her and Finn would be there to greet her. From there, she didn’t know what to expect but returning to Jakku was no longer an option. She needed to leave the past behind and look forward, allowing the Force guide her as Maz Kanata had recommended. From medbay, Rey took the hall that led to the control room. Chewbaca had agreed to accompany her as co-pilot and Rey wanted to leave as soon as possible. There was nothing more she could do on D’Qar and while the General had cautioned her to be patient, Rey knew it was time to leave. She hoped the General would understand. When she entered the control room, Rey saw General Organa speaking with Poe Dameron. The General looked exhausted and Rey couldn’t blame her. It had only been five days ago that they had returned, five days ago that the General’s husband had been murdered at the hands of their son and Starkiller Base destroyed. So many Resistance fighters had lost their lives and grief hung over the base in the midst of the celebration, mingling with the excitement and relief everyone felt at the destruction of the First Order’s largest and most powerful weapon. Rey paused in the doorway, trying to decide whether she should interrupt what looked to be quite a serious and private conversation, when the General spotted her and waved her over. “You’re leaving,” General Organa stated when Rey joined them, no question in her tone but a touch of sadness around her eyes. “This afternoon,” Rey replied with a nod, appreciating the General’s ability to cut directly to the topic at hand. Rey had never been one to dance around a subject and she was anxious to leave for this mission. “Chewbaca told me. He’s preparing the ship and I believe R2-D2 will accompany you.” General Organa smiled slightly, it was almost wistful, Rey thought, though she did not understand why. “He has the whole map in his system now, thanks to you and your friend.” Rey’s mouth turned up at the corners but the smile didn’t reach her eyes. The prognosis for Finn was rather depressing and it frightened her to think he may never fully recover. The medics could not tell her how he would react to the artificial spinal support they were implanting but the odds were that he would not walk again. She hoped they were wrong and they had told her, without much enthusiasm, that they could be mistaken. Poe Dameron frowned at the two women. “You mean you’re going to find him? You’ll bring him here?” Rey looked to General Organa for guidance and the General nodded. “I hope to,” Rey said in answer to Poe’s question and the General’s encouragement. She was still learning who to talk to and how much to share. After living the majority of her life alone or defending herself to prevent others from stealing what little she had, keeping secrets and privacy came naturally. She thought back to BB-8 telling her its information was classified and she almost laughed at the response she had given the droid. Five days on the Resistance base was not long enough to learn the hierarchy or who was trustworthy. A Commander in the Starfighter Corps was probably high on that list, however, now that she thought about it. “Rey will be the one to find him,” General Organa answered quietly in response to the frown of concern and questioning in Poe’s eyes. “She will bring Luke home.” There was no mistaking the hope in her eyes when she mentioned Luke’s name. Rey said nothing to this extreme vote of confidence, she only hoped she would not prove the General wrong. On Jakku her life had been about her own survival, she was self-sufficient with only herself to look after. Here with the Resistance she was learning there was much more to life than that and her life meant more than simply surviving. Here, she was valued. Poe looked as though he wanted to protest but thought better of it when the General leveled her gaze with him and said, “I’m not sure anyone else could convince him.” Rey wondered if Poe could sense General Organa’s strength in the Force and then realized he didn’t need to, his trust and respect for the General kept him from arguing. For Rey this was a sobering realization, he was putting his faith in her and the Resistance was relying on her because the General believed it was right. “Yes, Ma’am,” Poe replied with a nod and he sighed, looking suddenly much older than his thirty-two years. To Rey he said, “Take care of yourself.” “I will,” she promised and offered her hand, which Poe took without hesitation and gripped tightly. They didn’t know each other well and Rey had thought him dead on Jakku, in the crash that Finn had described, until Poe had introduced himself on D’Qar. Being so preoccupied with Finn, she hadn’t known what to say except to tell him that BB-8 must have been thrilled to see him. He’d laughed and thanked her for looking after his buddies and getting the map to the Resistance. They hadn’t spoken much other than that. The one time he found her in medbay sitting by Finn’s bed, he’d quickly excused himself to give her privacy, telling her he didn’t want to intrude. Now, however, she wished she’d asked him to stay. “Look out for Finn, for me?” Poe smiled crookedly and squeezed her hand once more before letting go. “Of course.” He shrugged as if to say, ‘How could I say no?’ and added, “He’s my buddy.” “He’s my friend,” Rey said seriously, looking from Poe to the General and feeling a little lost. “Rey, Finn has a place among us,” General Organa told her. “He earned it and we’re lucky to have him.” When Rey nodded uncertainly she offered Rey a small smile and said quietly, “Don’t be afraid. Find Luke, train with him. You have much to learn and he can show you the ways of the Force.” “The Force,” Rey repeated and tried to relax. She and the General had spoken briefly about the Force. The day before, General Organa had asked about Starkiller and Rey had expressed her fury with Kylo Ren for murdering Han and injuring Finn almost to the point of no return. General Organa had looked at her sadly and said, “Let go of your anger. Anger and fear are the path to the Dark Side.” Rey still wasn’t sure she understood but something in the General’s eyes had let her know that the General was speaking from experience and she dared not disagree. “You’ll learn,” the General assured now, trust and confidence in her eyes as she gazed at Rey. “I’ll bring him back,” Rey said, determination etched in her face as she made this promise. Finding Luke Skywalker was the key to returning peace and justice to the galaxy and Rey knew she would be unable to rest until she found him. “I look forward to it.” General Organa smiled. “We’ll see you off before you go.” Rey knew a dismissal when she heard one and she left the control room to find Chewie. She would help him with the final preparations before leaving to follow the map to Luke Skywalker. Many were counting on her, she’d seen the look on Poe’s face before she turned away - the hope of the Resistance rested on her shoulders and she refused to let them down without a fight. Notes: Thanks for reading! I'll do my best to update once a week :)