1 The cancer was getting worse, and chemotherapy wasn't helping Poe like it was supposed to. He couldn't eat, sleep, or even walk; they didn't expect him to live more than six weeks. When they informed him, all he could think of was his husband, Finn. Or their two year old son, and six month old daughter. He wanted to spend as much time as he possibly could, but he couldn't move. Both Finn and Poe knew that soon enough, Poe would be on life support. Deciding he wanted to live his life to the fullest, Poe wanted to go live at home for the next six weeks. Finn wanted him to be in a very comfortable position when he went, and so he decided to take care of Poe. "Daddy's coming home?" their two year old asked with a smile, and Finn tried his hardest not to cry. He needed to stay strong for his kids. "Yes, daddy's coming home," Finn faked a smile. Their son smiled, and hugged Finn as tight as he possibly could. "I'm glad," he said against Finn's chest, and in that moment, Finn realized that the kids were going to grow up with just one dad. "I love you, daddy," he smiled up at Finn, and Finn smiled back. Planting a kiss on his forehead, Finn couldn't help but wonder something. He couldn't help but wonder what life was going to be like without Poe. It was a thought that he wished would leave his head. Chapter 2 : 2 Chapter by zistysfosgerald "Hey, daddy! Wanna play house?" their son asked with a smile on his face, but Poe couldn't get up. He tried, but failed, and that made him upset. Poe wanted to play with his boy, but his muscles weren't having it. "Daddy can't play, he's tired, but I'll play." Finn smiled before their son grabbed his hand, leading to their toy room. "Thank you, daddy." he smiled, and Finn leaned over, kissing their son on the forehead. "It's no problem at all. I love you," Finn said, and their son looked up at him. "I love you too, daddy." he said, and that's when he started to cry. "What's wrong, baby?" "Is daddy Poe gonna die?" Chapter 3 : 3 Chapter by zistysfosgerald "Well, you see, baby: one day...we're all gonna pass, but just remember, daddy Poe loves you very much. He's going to love you for all eternity. Don't ever forget baby." Finn explained, trying his best not to cry, but it was becoming harder and harder to hold his tears back. "I'm gonna miss daddy Poe. I'm forgetting what his voice sounds like," he frowned, and Finn hugged him tightly. "Baby, it doesn't matter, as long as you remember what I told you." Finn said, still hugging his son. "Maybe you need a nap?" Finn smiled, wiping his son's tears away. "I want a nap, I'm tired, daddy." he gave Finn a small smile before Finn picked him up. Carrying him to the room he shared with his sister, Finn played him down in his bed. "Have a wonderful nap, baby. Daddy will be in his room when you wake up." Finn smiled, and his son smiled back at him. Chapter 4 : 4 Chapter by zistysfosgerald That night, Finn dressed Poe in his pajamas; to him, it was his duty to help Poe. Of course, Finn loved him with all his heart, it was just hard for Finn to watch Poe. Going from a healthy man, to a vegetable was stressful. Finn felt bad for their children, because they didn't know what was going on. Their innocent minds didn't understand the horror of what Poe was going through. "Good night, baby." Finn kissed Poe's forehead, and he could see Poe trying to smile. This heart his heart, and he decided to say something important to him. "Poe, I love you, and if you're ready to go...you can go." Pulling the blanket over both of them, Finn soon fell asleep. Unaware of what he was going to wake up to. Chapter 5 : 5 "Daddy, Daddy! Wake up!" Finn and Poe's son said, tugging at Finn's pajama pants. Since that was the only thing he could reach to get Finn's attention. "Ah, what is it, baby?" he asked, and he ran around the bed to get Poe's attention. "Daddy, daddy!" he shouted to Poe as Finn sat up in bed. Realizing that Poe wasn't waking up, he shook him again. Repeating, "Daddy, Daddy." in a much more sad tone than before. "Daddy, he's not waking up!" he screamed, and Finn started to freak out. "Oh my god."