The last thing Finn remembers is pain. Searing pain in his shoulder, then more of it shooting down his back, blindingly hot, causing everything to just go dark. He remembers adrenaline pumping before that, a fierce need to fight, to protect, head still spinning with the sight of Han Solo being cut down and falling to his death, Rey being flung through the air screaming. When he wakes up, it’s all his mind can comprehend; danger, cold, something akin to panic. Even though he has always been an excellent soldier, it seems that when someone else’s safety is involved, any fight takes on a whole new meaning. It simply becomes more important , with so much more at stake. The medics don’t seem to have much patience for it though, immediately grabbing Finn by the arms and pushing him back down when he shoots up from the bed. It hurts, so much more than it should, but he can’t think about that right now. “Rey,” he breathes, the name harsh and urgent coming out of his mouth. “Rey!” He struggles to free himself from the grips on him, strange faces hovering above him and talking, some to him and some to each other, none of them making any sense. Why are they just standing there? Why won’t they let him go? Rey needs his help. “Sir,” one of the medics says firmly, holding him down along with two others. Her grip is surprisingly strong. “You’ve been seriously injured, you need to lie down.” Finn groans angrily, frustrated. He does his best to ignore the intense pain in his back, eyes darting around him, looking for an exit. “Rey!” he calls again, louder this time, as if it will somehow make her magically appear, but it does nothing. “Give him something,” he hears another medic say. “He has to calm down, he’s gonna hurt himself.” Finn responds by kicking, his body pinned down but his legs free enough to move. It sends the medic who spoke flying, staggering backwards with a pained grunt and falling to the floor. It doesn’t really help Finn’s case; these people only seem more determined to restrain him, and he feels panic and fear bubble up in his chest, strange faces looking down on him with grim expressions. “Let me go,” he says, trying to put some force behind the words but sounding mostly scared. “I have to go, I have to―” He groans loudly, surprised by the stab of pain in his back, the groan turning into a scream, and he squeezes his eyes shut. There’s a rushing sound in his ears, voices loud and stressed around him, too loud, too much. “Hey!” the one word cuts through the noise, but Finn still doesn’t open his eyes. “Hey, stop it, you’re scaring him!” Sounds of disagreement are heard, some upset and annoyed. “I don’t care,” the other voice says, the familiar one. “Give him some damn space.” The hands pinning Finn down loosen their grips, and he flinches as they’re promptly replaced by another pair. His eyes fly open, breathing coming hard and ragged, only to have it briefly catch in his throat as he sees a new face. "Hey,” Poe says, tone soft but firm. “Hey, it’s okay. It’s okay.” Finn blinks. “Where’s Rey?” he gets out, nearly hyperventilating. “She’s fine,” Poe says. “She’s not here right now, but she’s okay, I promise.” Finn swallows dryly, grits his teeth. His entire body feels like a live wire, tense and coiled, but Poe’s hands on his upper arms are doing a decent job of grounding him, anchoring him. He tries to say something, tries to make something of his jumbled, panicked thoughts now that his most urgent concern is out of the way, but nothing comes out of his mouth. Poe notices. “Just breathe,” he says soothingly, nodding. “Okay?” He inhales deeply, as if to demonstrate, and Finn inhales with him, letting out a shaky breath as Poe does, repeating it twice more before he can finally feel his taut muscles starting to relax. Poe can tell, and he sighs, squeezing Finn’s arm gently. He looks relieved. “You’re okay,” he says. Finn can’t really tell if he’s saying it for Finn’s benefit, or his own, but it doesn’t matter. Right now, hearing those words in that voice, with those dark eyes on him, is all he needs. “You’re okay.” Finn exhales heavily, his body going limp against the bed, his heartbeat slowing down in his chest as Poe’s hand moves up to his forehead. Finn closes his eyes, rough, warm fingers slowly smoothing back over his hair, down along the side of his face and over his ear, his jaw, draining every ounce of fear from his bones. “You’re okay.” Notes: Visit me on tumblr Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Stormpilot drabbles series Next Work →