Kylo Ren couldn’t recall a time he slept ‘well’. He would close his eyes and merely ‘nap’ for periods of two or three hours but a good-night sleep? Never. Even with the rigorous training that Supreme Leader Snoke made just for him or the ardeous hand to hand combat skills he had to practice with the Knights of Ren never drove him to total exhaustion. Except for now. He heard Hux’s voice yell at several Storm Troopers to lay him down and bring in the ‘fucking droids’ and to ‘save the idiot’s sorry life’. The dark haired man gave a groaned at that. Even as he was on the brink of death Hux continued to be the most annoying man in the First Order. Ren was ready for the feeling of needles and several other medical balms to at least lull him to a soft grumbling. He would be fine with just mumbling insults towards anyone that stood in the room. Yet it never happened. His eyes started closing, his breath started becoming even and soon he could feel a pull. One he had not felt since his mom cradled him to her chest when he fell of that speeder that dad had bought him. He was falling asleep. Fuck. Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck FUCK. No. He couldn’t fall asleep. If he fell asleep he would dream. Who knew what his subconscious had ready for him after ignoring it for all these years. He tried to grasp at anything to keep him from falling asleep but the more the medicines were kicking in the more he could feel his eyes close. The droids noticed that after five minutes of struggle, Master Kylo Ren had fallen into a deep slumber. “Ben!” Ren opened his eyes slowly, turning towards the voice. He heard that voice before…but the last time he had heard it, it sounded much angrier. The Sith looked up was met with bright brown eyes. With a yell, he scrambled back only to truly see what was in front of him. It was her. It was Rey. She was wearing different clothes, something resembling a not fully completed jacket, and was wearing the biggest smile he had seen in a long time. “You don’t with your nap yet, Solo? I been itching to try this out!” Rey pulled back as she took out a large saber and activated it. His eyes widened as he saw the two streams of blue light coming from the lightsaber, the girl wielding it like she was born to be the epitome of everything that was good and holy. The only thing he could think of was something akin to a goddess. He was about to ignite his own saber and challenge her to a battle in this…dream…world? Who cared. Ren would get to battle this beautiful, strong and enigmatic girl one more time but his hand came up empty. Before he could speak the girl took his hand and shook her head. “You left it on base, didn’t you?” she teased him as she looked down at his hands. Hands that had done such terrible things to her friends but now she was looking at them like she was trying to find her own kyber crystal. He thought of every single curse he could come up with as he looked at her face. Years of being a Sith had not given him time to appreciate…anything. Most of the women of the First Order could kill you in several different ways. Rey, however, could kill you and you would not hold it against her. She let go of his hand and was pulling back to walk towards ‘base’ before he grabbed her arm and spun her around, making her stare at him as he tried his best to hide his damn emotions. He likes her. He REALLY likes her. He wants her. He REALLY wants her. His hands slipped down to her waist as she put her hands on his chest. He would destroy anything or anyone if it meant that he would get a first row seating at Rey’s soft blush and bright eyes that looking at him with such curiosity as he leaned in, a shiver going up his spine as she whispered his true name…. “….Master Ren?” The Sith opened his eyes as he sat up immediately, his hands reaching for his lightsaber but once again not finding it there. Two Storm Troopers stood in position as they handed him a glass of water and nutrients that he would have lost in battle. “S-Sir General Hux says that he wishes to see y-” “Hand me the sedatives.” The soldier stopped talking as he looked at his partner, the other shrugging before turning back to his superior officer. “Sir the droids have applied enough sedatives already, besides General Hux wants–” “DO I LOOK LIKE I GIVE A FUCK ABOUT WHAT THE GINGER WANTS? JUST HAND ME THE FUCKING SEDATIVES.” Notes: Do I ship it? Someone convince me that I ship it Hahaha who am I kidding I was born in the trash and in the trash I will wander.