“Wonder had gone away, and he had forgotten that all life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.” -H.P. Lovecraft, “The Silver Key” -- Kylo Ren was good at lucid dreaming. He’d heard stories about his grandfather’s dreams, that they were premonitions. Kylo’s weren’t, but he preferred it that way. Vader had dreamed of tragedies he could not prevent, and to Kylo’s thinking, knowing the future was useless if it gave you no advantage. Instead, he savored his own dreams where he could control every detail, living out any idea that occurred to him. That his dreams were significant at all was enough connection to his grandfather to please him. He had found that a certain blend of tea helped with the dreams, and although it was frightfully bitter, he drank it with relish. With enough practice, Kylo eventually no longer needed the tea and could control almost any dream if he wished it. Sometimes he did not and just let the dream play out as his subconscious directed. His sleep was more restful that way, and it was interesting to see what his brain would do when he relinquished conscious control. But when the nightmares came, or when he was frustrated with his still-limited power in the waking universe, Kylo took over and directed his dreams to the outcomes he desired. He’d heard legends of some beings, strong in the Force, who could travel in their sleep to commune with one another and visit the Dreamlands, a realm in a dimension somewhere other than the physical universe of waking existence. There was a world there, it was said, not a planet that could be found on any map but a world all the same with its own seas and land, with a moon and an underworld, even, where faceless creatures of shadow flew. Kylo had tried many times to reach the Dreamlands and could not, his one failure in his dreaming, and so he had come to tell himself it was only a legend after all. If the dream realm were real, surely the Force and his skill at dreaming would have opened it to him. And yet he sometimes revisited the legends and sometimes still drank the bitter tea, and he imagined what he would do if he should find his way to the dream world. Command the faceless flying things, perhaps, or slay Kuranes, the king of the beautiful city that floated where the sea met the sky, so Kylo could take the city for himself. Sometimes, when he finally calmed after a fit of rage over some frustration in the waking universe, Kylo would stare into the hollow eye sockets of his grandfather’s helmet and imagine bringing the Dark to that city of golden sunset light, making the clouds that swathed it rain down until they rained themselves dry and faded into nothing. Driving the Light out of that place. Ruining everything beautiful in that universe, too. After Hux picked him up and they began the flight back to Snoke—back for him finally to complete Kylo’s training—Kylo slept and tried once more to reach the Dreamlands. His body ached from the wounds he’d recently sustained, but more than that, his mind ached. He was frustrated, too baffled now to be angry, by what had happened. Baffled by the girl called Rey who had risen from nowhere, crossing paths with Kylo’s father briefly as she rose and Han Solo fell. It was not supposed to be this way: Kylo had destroyed the last thing holding him to the Light. He had killed his father and shown where his allegiance lay. And so, he should have won . The girl should have accepted his offer of training. . . or she should have died. But she did neither of these things, and the universe still insisted on working against him. The Force still eluded his full command. Kylo hoped—no, insisted to himself that Snoke would show him his error and just how to bend the Force completely to his will. . . how to turn himself completely to the Dark. Until then, he would search for the Dreamlands. But when Kylo Ren slept, he found himself elsewhere. He knew he was dreaming, knew he was lucid and could control the dream as he wished—save to will himself away to another place. As ever, the Dreamlands evaded him. King Kuranes, if he existed, still reigned secure, it seemed. In his dream, Kylo stood in an interrogation chamber. He might have expected Rey to be there in the restraints before him; his subconscious could quite reasonably be dwelling upon the girl and Kylo’s inability to best her in either mental or physical combat. Or he might have expected the restraints to be empty, reminding him of her escape. Yet neither was the case. Instead, he dreamed that he was with Poe Dameron. Why? Kylo wondered. Why would his subconscious present him with a captive Dameron, when he had gotten exactly what he needed from the man, when Kylo hadn’t let himself think about Poe in days? Was it because Dameron had, like Rey, ultimately escaped? Whatever reason for his presence, the dream version of Dameron was as troublesome as the real one. He writhed and struggled with his restraints, lips drawn back to reveal gritted teeth. His face was bruised and bleeding as it had been in real life from the Stormtroopers’ treatment of him, and Dameron’s dark eyes were trying to glare a hole through Kylo’s mask. He was wearing his mask, Kylo realized for the first time. Apparatus, Dameron had called it. A creature, Rey had called him . Kylo spread his right hand over the mask and removed it, dropping it to the ground with a resounding, metallic clank. Poe— Dameron jumped, startled by the sound, then resumed his struggling. Kylo took a step toward him and studied him with a curious expression. “What are you doing here?” Kylo queried in much the same tone he took in interrogations: quiet, as if he were only mildly interested in the response. Dameron gave a sarcastic bark of a laugh before he retorted, “ You’re the one who had me imprisoned.” Kylo frowned in thought. He knew he was really only speaking to a part of himself, but also that this self was playing a role. He could no more get a true answer to his questions from his own psyche than he could from the real Dameron before Kylo read his mind. But then there was the paradox: Kylo could also control the dream-Dameron’s responses if he wished. In a way, it was like reading Poe’s mind: I can get anything I want from him—but I can’t make him give it willingly. And maybe that was why he dreamed of Poe Dameron, to work out the frustration building in Kylo. In the waking universe, obstacles kept throwing themselves in his path. But in his dreams, Kylo could dispense with any inhibitions, physical or mental, and awake with a clearer, more open mind to receive Snoke’s training. I can kill him , Kylo thought, gazing into the resentful, low-lidded eyes that glowered back at him. Poe’s eyes had always had that look about them, like they were half-closed in a daydream. Kylo had noticed it when they first met, and he marveled at his subconscious’s ability to recreate every detail about the man so perfectly. Kylo moved to stand before Dameron with two quick strides, and he lifted his hand—bare, he noticed, no gloves in this dream for some reason—to grasp the captive man’s throat. Those eyes opened wide enough then , and Dameron’s lips parted to draw in a frightened breath. Yet he didn’t express his fear or plead for mercy, and a second later, he had masked his apprehension and resumed the smoldering look he had previously held. Infuriated, Kylo’s already deep voice fell to a snarl as he told Dameron, “I could make you cower and beg for your life if I wanted to. I could kill you a thousand different ways, or keep you alive and torture you until you beg for your death .” “You could have done that when you were awake!” Poe snapped, rasping from the pressure on his throat. “Why didn’t you?” Kylo’s hand dropped, and he took a step back. Dameron gasped and inhaled sharply. Kylo could see a livid print on the man’s neck where his hand had been, but it barely registered in his occupied mind. Instead, Kylo was thinking, He’s right. I could have killed him then. I should have. Then he could no longer hold me back. “This is just a dream,” Dameron taunted Kylo once he regained his breath. “Do what you will and get it over with! Have your fun, but it won’t make any difference.” In Poe’s words, Kylo could hear his own inner self, full of doubt and uncertainty: No matter what I do here, it makes no difference out there in the waking universe. I’ve failed Grandfather by letting Poe—Dameron escape, by letting the girl escape, by letting our beautiful weapon fall to pieces under my very feet. The only thing I succeeded in doing was to kill Han Solo, and that will mean nothing if I lose. I killed my father for nothing. Dameron dropped his eyes, then lifted them again to glare up at Kylo through his black lashes. If I lose, I would have left him for nothing. With a roar of frustration, Kylo leapt at Dameron and grasped a handful of the pilot’s dark, wavy hair to slam his head back on the panel against which his body rested. “ Shut up! ” Kylo screamed at him, even though he knew he was only screaming at himself. He didn’t care. If silencing the dream-Poe could muffle Kylo’s own self-doubt for a while, Kylo would settle for that. Dameron winced when the back of his skull met the hard surface to which he was bound. When he opened his eyes again, Kylo could see that the pain had made a thread of water rise along his bottom eyelids, but Dameron blinked it back. “I want to kill you,” Kylo cried, curling Poe’s dark hair around his fingers and pulling it tighter. “I want to make you hurt. I want to make things go wrong for you instead of for me, just once!” Dameron shouted right back at him, “This isn’t things going wrong for me?!” “You got out of it! You always get out of it.” Kylo brought his free hand up to grip the side of Dameron’s jaw, his pale fingers standing out in stark contrast against Poe’s darker skin. I can do whatever I want here, with no consequences, Kylo thought. No one to see, no one to know. He didn’t want to kill Poe, not really—not even in a dream where it wasn’t real, wouldn’t last. What Kylo wanted was to unburden himself of everything he’d carried inside, all the things he’d never even let himself think about, much less say to anyone. And he wanted to make Poe Dameron listen. “You’ve always been perfect, while everything fell apart around me.” Kylo was no longer yelling; his voice had dropped back to its normal register, but his words were as harsh as if he’d screamed them. “My mother sent me away while you got to stay. Why weren’t you their son instead of me?” Poe’s startled eyes jerked over his face. “What are you talking about? They gave you everything. They loved you, and you broke their hearts.” Kylo leaned closer, until his long nose almost touched Poe’s, and hissed, “What about my heart? What I wanted?” “From where I am, it looks like you just take what you want,” observed Poe with what was almost a sneer. “And kill whatever you don’t.” “There are things,” Kylo muttered, “even the Dark cannot take for itself. Love. Pride.” “You had that.” Poe’s eyelids lowered even further than normal until Kylo could barely see the glitter of his dark eyes under them. “You threw it all away. You chose to.” Kylo’s rage crested again, and he snarled, “I never had your luck and your pretty face! All your friends—even the droids love you—you had everything!” “I didn’t have you .” This time, Kylo was the one to start, and he drew back a few inches. Poe was staring at him, almost through him. The pilot went on, “You threw me away, too. You’re right, there are things no one can make theirs by force. I couldn’t make you stay with me.” This isn’t how my dreams are supposed to be, Kylo thought. Even here, I’m failing. “Ben,” said Poe Dameron. Don’t call me that, thought Kylo Ren, but he couldn’t say it. All his control of the dream seemed to have slipped away. He looked into the face of the handsome man still gripped in his hands. “You just destroy things, don’t you, when they get in your way? Just smash them with your light saber.” Poe spoke slowly, as if he were tired—but then, he must be, because this dream-Poe was really just Kylo’s doubt-filled inner self again, and that self was tired of everything. “And what you can’t destroy, you escape—you dream some other reality where you have all those things you can’t take.” “I didn’t want to be here,” Kylo told him. “I tried to dream something else.” Poe’s mouth twisted in a bitter half-smile. “So did I, Ben.” This time, Kylo could say it: “Don’t call me that.” The words came out in a whisper, and somehow, his head was bent over Poe’s again. His fingers were aching from being clenched in Poe’s hair, but he didn’t want to let go. Not couldn’t . He didn’t want to. “This is just a dream,” Poe murmured, and Kylo could feel the pilot’s breath on his lips. “You’ll get over it. Just like you got over me.” Kylo still had some control of the dream after all, because he was able to shut Poe up by kissing him. Poe tasted like salty like sweat and a little metallic like the blood that had run from the wound on his head to the corner of his mouth. He parted his lips under Kylo’s and lifted his head as much as his restraints and Kylo’s hold would allow, trying to kiss his captor deeper. Kylo pressed Poe’s head back and thrust his tongue into the pilot’s mouth. He elicited a moan from Poe that sounded just like the moans that still tormented Kylo’s memory. When Kylo drew back, breaking the kiss, Poe looked up at him. “I loved you, Ben,” he whispered. Kylo did had some control of the dream, for he was able to make himself wake up when he couldn’t stand to hear any more. -- Poe Dameron jerked awake with a choked gasp, half-sitting up in bed before he realized where he was. He touched his temple and the side of his face. Poe found healing scabs there, but no fresh blood. No hand gripping his jaw. No fingers tangled in his hair. Next to Poe’s bunk, BB-8 whirred and gave a soft, inquisitive beep into the darkness. Poe’s low cry must have startled him out of low-power mode. “It’s okay, buddy,” Poe mumbled sleepily as he lay back. He put a hand to his mouth then let it fall again as he closed his eyes. “I was just dreaming.” -- To be continued Chapter 2 Notes: Canon-divergence begins here. If you read the first chapter of this story back when I first posted it, you might want to give it a quick reread; I’ve changed a few things. This chapter is based on something I previously posted but then took down and reworked. I’m still not sure how I feel about this story; it’s kind of weird so if no one likes it, I’ll totally understand XD If you’re interested in the Dreamlands, check out H. P. Lovecraft’s Dream Cycle stories. Serannian is mentioned in “Celephaïs” (which tells Kuranes’s story) and The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath . The lyrics quoted are all from “Perfect” by the Smashing Pumpkins. I know we’re just like old friends We just can’t pretend that lovers made amends We are reasons so unreal, we can’t help but feel That something has been lost Next time, I promise we’ll be perfect Strangers down the line Lovers out of time Memories unwind -- The next time Kylo Ren slept, he found the Dreamlands. Yet he felt no triumph and decided the Force must be mocking him, because Poe Dameron stood beside him on the outskirts of Serannian, the city in the clouds where the sea met the sky. Those clouds were as golden and rosy in color as the legends always claimed, and the city spires stretched before the two men to pierce the mists above. It was like standing in a sunset. Although the ground was solid beneath their feet, Kylo could see the ocean far off on the horizon to either side of them, where the land fell away abruptly. They and the city rested on an island which floated not on the water but on the very air. Is it real? Kylo wondered. Have I truly found the Dreamlands, or have I only built them within my own mind? If it was real, if Kylo had finally succeeded in the quest he could only pursue in his sleep, then the Poe Dameron at his side was real too. . . and Poe Dameron, artless in the Force, had achieved what had taken Kylo years to do, making his way to the Dreamlands by accident . Of course , Kylo thought. Bare-faced in his dream, without the shelter of his mask, Kylo scowled into the golden haze of the city. Of course he can do without trying what only the most practiced dreamers can accomplish. “Where are we?” Poe asked the question in a tone that was low, flat, emotionless. Trying not to provoke. “Serannian.” Kylo matched the timbre of Poe’s voice. He was surprised to find that he didn’t feel angry, even at Poe for being there in the dream realm so easily. The only thing anger might accomplish here would be to wake Kylo so that he might never find the Dreamlands again. He decided instead to maintain a cautious neutrality and see where it led. “What is it, though?” Poe persisted. “Serannian is a city, on an island in the sky.” Kylo did not look at Poe and instead turned to squint out at the ribbon of green-blue ocean visible far to his right. “We’re in the Dreamlands.” Poe did not ask what the Dreamlands were. Perhaps he had heard the legends too, or perhaps it didn’t matter to him. Kylo still looked away at the ocean; then he raised his head to study the sky. It was the color of cream at the edges, but the hue shifted at its zenith to a deep blue which seemed on the verge of darkening into midnight. As Kylo watched, a great airship drifted toward them from over the water. It was protected by a copper-colored hull that lay open on the sides to reveal a pale, delicate inner balloon, and two propellers on either side of the ship’s dark-windowed gondola controlled its movement. When the airship drew came closer, Kylo caught a glint of something green within the gondola’s window; then he realized a set of emerald-hued eyes was staring down at them. Not the eyes of something within the airship—the eyes of the airship itself. It was alive. Forgetting all his pretensions for a moment, Kylo whipped his head back to look at Poe. The other man was staring at the airship too, his dark eyes wide and gleaming with Serannian’s reflected golden light. Poe’s gaze fell to Kylo when the craft passed directly over their heads without incident. Their eyes met, and Poe began to laugh so hard, he could barely speak. “I—I hope it’s decided we’re friendly!” he chuckled. “It’s got a cannon on top.” Kylo felt the flicker of a smile on his own face before he could stop it, and Poe saw. Resenting the cocky look dawning in Poe’s lovely eyes, Kylo flattened his mouth and looked back at Serannian instead. Kylo Ren’s intentions toward the city had been far from friendly, but he had never made plans for what he would do upon actually reaching the Dreamlands. Now he was there, and he had nothing: no weapons, no army, nothing with which to conquer Serannian and kill its king. Kylo was alone save for Poe Dameron, and he knew Poe would never agree to help him in his conquest. With little hope that he would succeed, Kylo tried to conjure his lightsaber into his hand but found he could not. Creating objects was an easy enough task in his usual lucid dreams, but things seemed to be different in the Dreamlands, for his bare hand remained empty. The Dreamlands is a real place, then, Kylo thought, and I truly am here. And so is he. Kylo looked at Poe again, half expecting that Poe would have been granted a weapon just to annoy Kylo further. But the smaller man appeared to be unarmed as he stood, feet apart, with his hands shoved in the pockets of a scuffed leather jacket. Poe was gazing up at the spires in the heart of the city. Sculpted from pinkish marble, they were surrounded by shorter buildings, many of those topped with domes. This outer ring of buildings was in turn circled by the wall that enfolded Serannian. Just outside the wall lay a moat, and on the other side of that stood Kylo and Poe. A cobblestone bridge began almost at their feet and arched over the moat to reach an open gate in the city wall. Even the cobblestones were beautiful, mostly cream-colored but interspersed with iridescent rocks that looked like gigantic pearls. Everything about Serannian was light and exquisite, and Kylo hated it because it was exactly as the legends had told, and because he wanted to stay there and love the city instead of destroying it. “I’m going in,” said Poe. Kylo snapped his eyes from the open gate to the other man as Poe started across the bridge, as casual as if he were taking a walk on his homeworld. How could he? Kylo seethed. Poe stopped halfway across the bridge, looked back at Kylo, and asked, “You coming?” -- They wandered Serannian in silence. Kylo tried to ignore Poe and instead studied everything with a keen eye and even sharper mind, hoping to gain some insight on the heavenly city’s weaknesses. Subtle experiments showed him that the Force held no sway there in the Dreamlands, and Kylo was shaken to the core though he gave no outward sign of it. There in Serannian, he had no telekinesis, no telepathy, no strength save for that of an ordinary man. Meanwhile, the ordinary man at Kylo’s side was enjoying himself. Poe seemed to admire Serannian’s architecture the most, especially how the pink turrets at the city’s center had been constructed so as to complement the shining clouds gathered about them. But he also smiled at every being they encountered, a mix of races and species from all over the physical galaxy as well as creatures unlike any Kylo had seen before. Nearly everyone smiled back at Poe, or gave whatever gesture was the equivalent for their anatomical structure. Just as he always had, Kylo felt ignored beside his companion, even as he himself tried to ignore Poe. Twilight was long in Serannian, and shadows crept up the towers very slowly. Yet night did eventually descend, and the last of the golden sunrays tipped the spires, lit the clouds with flame, and disappeared. As the natural light faded, paper lanterns came to life instead. They were peach and yellow and pink, some the kind that floated up into the air borne by their flames’ heat, others spherical shades that hung over candles. A few of the brightest stars and a crescent moon hung in the patches of black sky Kylo could glimpse between the buildings when he looked up. He was staring up at that moon when Poe touched his elbow. Kylo felt the touch all through his body before he looked down at the smaller man beside him. They stood near the terrace of what might be an outdoor tavern or cantina, this patio dotted with round tables lit by more lanterns. A few beings of various species sat nearby, clustered around one such table and watching the two men. “They asked us to join them,” Poe murmured. “Why?” asked Kylo, his voice edged with scorn. “Trying to be nice.” Poe narrowed his eyes at Kylo as he went on, “Something you wouldn’t understand. They said they could tell we were travelers. The one across the table knows stories about this place.” In spite of himself, Kylo was tempted. The storyteller, a sort of tree-like being, looked very old, and perhaps Kylo really could learn more about Serannian from him. Poe, still watching Kylo, saw his hesitation and smiled. The smile transformed Poe’s handsome face and made him look young and carefree, the way he’d been when Kylo first knew him. “Come on.” He grasped Kylo’s arm and pulled him in to the table. Kylo wondered at how kind Poe was to him. . . but then, he was Poe Dameron, and Poe Dameron was perfect. Perfect enough to strike a truce while they were there on neutral ground, while Kylo would have chosen to continue his war against everything and everyone. Poe introduced them to the creatures gathered around the table, calling Kylo “Ben.” Kylo did not correct him in front of the others because they were looking at him with open, friendly expressions, and he thought that would change if he contradicted Poe. Most of the creatures resembled vegetable life, and some of them were very young; one was a mere sprout who sat right on the table with four stumpy legs tucked under her bulb-shaped form as she gazed up at Poe with wide, adoring brown eyes. The storyteller, though, was ancient and massive: if Kylo and Poe had stood on either side of him and reached around his trunk, their hands could not have met. He had an intricate system of roots which trailed into shallow bowls of liquid spread around his chair. Although he had a mouth, he only spoke through that and drank through his roots instead. The sprout had a glass with a straw, however, and soon a server brought glasses for Kylo and Poe as well. “What is this?” Kylo asked, tilting his head to eye the clear, green-tinted liquid. No one answered him, and Poe shrugged and drank from his glass. Kylo watched, and when Poe didn’t fall over poisoned, said, “You’re still as reckless as ever.” “And you’re as suspicious as ever,” Poe told him, “and just as rude, too. Drink it. It tastes good.” Kylo glared at him, but Poe was right about the flavor of the drink. It was sweet, but not overly so, and Kylo thought it might only be infused water. “What story do you wish to hear?” the old tree-creature asked them. Kylo and Poe looked at one another; then Poe said, “You choose, Ben.” “Tell us about King Kuranes,” Kylo told the storyteller. “Please.” So the storyteller related how a mortal man from the waking universe found his way to the Dreamlands and created in his dreams Serannian and its sister-city of Celephaïs, which was located somewhere on land far below them. The mortal had given up his life in the physical realm to live forever in the Dreamlands, where he took the name of Kuranes and became the eternally youthful king of the cities he had dreamed into being. “He gave up everything so he could dream forever,” murmured Poe. “Maybe he had nothing left,” replied Kylo, “except his dreams. It isn’t much of a sacrifice, in that case.” “But to die .” Poe turned in his chair to look at Kylo beside him. “Would you ? You want power badly enough to throw everything else away for it—would you throw your own life away too, if you could have that power in your dreams?” When Kylo didn’t answer, Poe scowled at him and turned away again. The others at the table politely ignored the argument, but after a moment, the sprout toddled over to Kylo and sat beside his arm, glaring at Poe over Kylo’s hands. Kylo felt oddly vindicated. They listened to the storyteller and a few of the others for what must have been hours, until the crescent moon had set. The plant beings described the dream-races who lived in other parts of the realm: salientian creatures who dwelt on the Dreamlands’ moon and served a deity whom the storyteller called only the “Crawling Chaos”; canid ghouls whose leader had once lived in the physical universe until he, like King Kuranes, learned the secret of passing over; the faceless, winged night-gaunts who flitted about the Underworld, capturing unwary travelers only to tickle them if they struggled. At this last tale, Poe laughed until he nearly cried, and when questioned, blurted out that he had imagined Kylo in a night-gaunt’s clutches. Kylo did not find the idea nearly as amusing, but he let Poe tease him, because he’d forgotten how beautiful Poe was when he laughed. The sprout giggled too and nudged Kylo’s hand until he gave in and petted the two broad leaves growing from the top of the bulb that served her as both head and body. A fine down covered her soft leaves, and Kylo kept stroking them absently, even after he saw Poe watching him with a faint smile. Eventually, Kylo prodded their hosts into telling them more about Serannian itself. Once, it seemed, the Crawling Chaos had set his sights on destroying it—had, in fact succeeded but was opposed by a group of rebels who fought and drove him away. They called upon all the dreamers of the physical universe, and together they dreamed Serannian back, even more beautiful than before. Some of the creatures who fought the Chaos still lived outside the city in the forests on the outer edges of the floating island, to protect Serannian should the Chaos ever return. Kylo and Poe looked at one another, and Kylo thought of the living airship who had cast his emerald eye upon them. With that, Kylo gave up all hope of conquering Serannian. Here, what is destroyed will only be dreamt back to life, he thought, and he understood why Kuranes and the ghoul leader had let their bodies die in the physical universe to live forever in the Dreamlands instead. What would he, Kylo, rebuild if he had only to dream it? Nothing, he decided. To rebuild, to restore, was to go backward. Kylo wanted only to go forward: to destroy and to build anew. But I can do enough of that in the waking universe, Kylo decided, gazing at the old storyteller through what felt like a dark veil of exhaustion. Let them keep this place, for the old and the dreaming and the dead. When Kylo looked at Poe again, the eyes that often seemed half-closed were shut completely, dark lashes resting on his cheeks. The sprout had fallen asleep under Kylo’s hand, which now lay atop her leaves with his fingers draped over her round side “You are both very tired,” the storyteller observed. “Come in and rest.” Poe opened his eyes with visible effort and muttered, “But. . . how? How can I be sleepy in a dream?” “Haven’t you ever had a dream within a dream before?” Kylo murmured. “Where you struggle to wake, but when you do, it’s only into another dream?” Poe nodded, and Kylo told him, “Then you’ve slept in dreams before now.” “We don’t have any money,” Poe told the storyteller, “or whatever you use here.” “You are our guests,” the tree-creature replied. “You are welcome here.” The serving girl who had brought their drinks came to lead them inside. When Kylo stood and lifted his hand from his new companion’s leaves, she stirred and grasped at his sleeve with the claws on her front feet. “Ben,” she squeaked drowsily, “no leave.” Kylo flushed and mumbled, “I need to rest. . . and so do you.” He stroked one of her leaves with his fingertips. “I’ll see you again.” He knew that was likely a lie, but the sprout believed him. She nuzzled his hand and mumbled a sleepy goodnight. Kylo could feel Poe’s eyes on him as he turned away from her, but Kylo refused to look back at him. The server led Kylo and Poe inside to what seemed to be an inn adjoining the tavern, then took them upstairs to a room. As he climbed the creaking wooden steps in their narrow staircase, following Poe who followed the serving girl, Kylo pondered the words, “You are welcome here.” When had he last been welcome anywhere, not because he could buy or force his way in, not because he was Kylo Ren—but only for his own sake? Who, before he met the citizens of Serannian, had ever accepted him only for who he was? Poe did, once, Kylo thought, and the realization stopped him short and stranded him on the staircase as the other two went on up. He accepted me as easily as that little plant creature did this evening. He accepted me when I was nothing—he loved me then. And now that I finally matter, now I’m nothing to him . I could rule the entire galaxy, and it wouldn’t matter here in the Dreamlands, and it wouldn’t matter to Poe. I’ll never again be anything but someone for him to hate, here or anywhere else. Kylo resumed the climb and plodded up the stairs. When he caught up to the others, the serving girl was opening the door to a small room with two beds and a window opening out onto the city. The server bid them goodnight and left them there. Kylo went to the window, but Poe collapsed on one of the beds, face up and arms spread. “I wish I could sleep in one of those towers at the center of the city,” Poe breathed. “Right up at the top, looking down on everything. That would be amazing.” Kylo remained at the window with his back to Poe, but even so, and even without the Force, he knew Poe had turned his head to watch him. “How? How? ” Kylo muttered as he gripped the windowsill, which was fashioned from a smooth, blond wood. He stared up at the patch of sky he could see past the spires and turrets of Serannian’s buildings. In that sky, the stars were fading; it was almost dawn. “How what?” Poe asked around a yawn. “How did you get here, to Serannian—to the Dreamlands? I’ve tried to find this place for years and couldn’t, but you. . . .” “I followed you.” Kylo spun to face him, but Poe’s eyes were closed again. He mumbled, “I was thinking about you. . . when I fell asleep. And I found you, here.” “You were thinking about me. Why? ” Kylo demanded. “Wondering if I would dream about you again.” “So we dreamed the same dream,” Kylo whispered. “I thought. . . I thought it wasn’t real.” Silently, he added, I didn’t want it to be real. Poe sat up again and opened his eyes, ringed with dark circles of exhaustion. “So did I,” Poe said, “until I saw you here, outside the city. And then I knew, it was real.” He shrugged out of his jacket and tossed it across the foot of the bed, then started untying his boots. He glanced up at Kylo again, taking in his black cloak. “You’re not sleeping in that, are you?” Kylo looked away from Poe and mechanically unfastened his cloak, letting it fall to the floor. As he lowered himself to sit on the edge of the second bed, Poe lay down on top of the bedclothes, on his back but with his face turned away from Kylo. Kylo removed his own boots and lay down as well, his back to Poe and his eyes focused on the wall beside his bed. As Kylo’s eyes finally dropped closed, the young plant-creature’s plea echoed through his brain. Ben. . . don’t leave. As Kylo fell asleep, his last thought was that once, Poe had said that to him too. -- To be continued Chapter 3 So far, I still know who you are But now, I wonder who I was -- So Kylo slept there within his sleep, and within the Dreamlands, he dreamed. He was floating upright above Serannian, but the city appeared decimated—no longer a rosy, sunlit paradise but now a ruin. The towers and spires had all toppled and lay in piles of rubble far below his feet. A dank, greenish-grey fog was rolling in, seeping through the once-golden clouds; it crawled and crept, like something alive. The Crawling Chaos, Kylo thought. He had heard the name before, but he couldn’t remember where. It’s destroyed the city—and now it’s coming for me. But then, he realized that he was dreaming. He was dreaming the past, about how the Chaos had attacked the city, and a handful of rebels had opposed it. It’s not real, Kylo told himself, only a dream. Like I’m watching a hologram of it—or like I’m the hologram, projected in the middle of a war. The thought brought no comfort because it was all too familiar, and when Kylo turned in the air to look behind him, he already knew what he would see: a few rebels, gathered together in a seemingly hopeless stand against the enemy. They had come in airships, just eight of them. Only one was of an impressive size, and it had an armored hull that might offer at least some defense in battle. (Like the name of the Crawling Chaos, the ship was familiar to Kylo, but he couldn’t have said why.) The others were mere soft-sided blimps, little more than pleasure-craft. As Kylo looked back at them and the fog began to climb through the empty air over the fallen city, he was suddenly aware that Poe was aboard one of the airships, somewhere among the rebels preparing to make their hopeless last stand. I have to protect him. The thought made no sense coupled with Kylo’s knowledge that the dream wasn’t real, yet the conviction filled him: he had to shield Poe Dameron from whatever terrible thing approached them on the bitter fog. Why? Kylo asked of himself, of his subconscious which must be directing his dream. Why can’t I let him die? And because it was just a dream, he didn’t suppress the answer that came to him: Because I love him, still. Kylo turned back to the fog, but it had become more than that. Something rose from it, something that same sickening grey-green color. Young as he was, Kylo had seen innumerable species and races of creatures in his lifetime, but none of them had been anything like what gathered itself before him now. It seemed a mass of tentacles and mouths and eyes, but at the same time, they were nothing like tentacles or mouths or eyes, not at all. The Crawling Chaos was like a shapeshifter who hadn’t quite mastered his art, an actor in an ill-fitting costume. . . but its true form, the body the costume concealed, was something that Kylo knew he could never comprehend. If I saw its true face, it would break me, he thought . My mind would shatter, because it isn’t anything from this galaxy. It isn’t anything from this universe , and it doesn’t belong here, not even in this universe’s dreams. Because it cannot possess this realm, it wants to tear it apart, to annihilate the Dreamlands—and it’s starting with Serannian. “You just destroy things, don’t you, when they get in your way?” Kylo whispered, the same words Poe had spoken to him in that other dream. And then Kylo knew why he was dreaming Serannian’s demise, because as he looked into the monstrosity that was the Crawling Chaos, Kylo Ren saw himself. As soon as Kylo understood this, the squirming mass of flesh before him began to reshape itself into something else. In only a few seconds, it had become a human man, a bit taller than Kylo and much thinner, with copper-colored skin, a fringe of straight black hair that reached to his pointed chin, and dark eyes like starry voids. His wide mouth smiled, and the skin at the corners of his eyes crinkled with amusement, as if he laughed at a terrible private joke. He wore a toga-like garment that first appeared white, then seemed to shimmer in a spectrum of a thousand colors, then again became the purest white. He was handsome, beautiful even, yet he repulsed Kylo—not least because taken individually, his features recalled Poe’s. The skin, the hair, the eyes, all the same color as Poe’s. . . but when combined into the man, he was somehow Poe’s complete opposite. “Do you know me, Kylo Ren?” the smiling man said. “You are the Crawling Chaos,” answered Kylo. The man shrugged. “Among other things. But another name for me is Nyarlathotep. Call me that.” “How do you know me ?” Kylo challenged him, although he told himself, He knows me because he’s just a projection of myself. This is just a dream. “I know everyone,” Nyarlathotep told him, still smiling. “But I know you, especially. It’s amusing that you think we are anything alike, you and I. You’re wrong—I’m not like you at all. You’re trying to find parallels between us because you want to make sense of this dream. . . and perhaps because it’s the only way you can comprehend me. You compare me to yourself, or to him —” He cast his black, narrow eyes toward the armored airship behind Kylo, where Poe must be. “—but really, I am nothing like anything you know.” “What do you want?” Kylo murmured, and Nyarlathotep’s smile grew. “Nothing,” he said. He means it literally, Kylo understood. Not that he doesn’t want anything—that he wants nothing . He wants Serannian to become nothing. He whispered, “Why?” “Why not?” returned Nyarlathotep. “Do you want to try to stop me? You’re too late to save this pretty little island in the sky.” Kylo thought, No, I’m not, because I know what will happen. It will be restored, the dreamers of the universe will dream it back. “But do you want to save your pretty little lover?” Nyarlathotep went on. “Would you like to try?” “He isn’t—” Kylo began, then stopped. Anger began to filter through him, anger at Nyarlathotep’s arrogance and amusement, and Kylo welcomed it. Anger was familiar territory. Anger led to the Dark, and the Dark led to. . . . The Force. He could feel it inside him. I have it, here. I can use it against him. Nyarlathotep lifted his arm and spread his long fingers in a languid gesture. “I’m going to destroy him,” he commented. “Isn’t that what one should do with rebels? I won’t spare him the way you did.” Kylo raised his own hand and felt the Force swell around him, not as a weapon to use against Nyarlathotep, but as a shield to protect from him. Kylo built that shield upon the foundation of his wrath, and imagined that it encircled both himself and the small fleet of airships—although it wasn’t the airships he cared about, but the man he knew one of them carried. Nyarlathotep’s smile widened. His fingers contracted, then flicked outward, and tendrils of the sickening fog stretched from their tips. The tendrils snaked forward, if such a quick, almost instantaneous, motion could be called “snaking.” The fog spread over the orb of the Force that surrounded Kylo, engulfing it but not penetrating to touch Kylo inside. But the orb only surrounded Kylo, and try as he might, he could not summon the power or the strength to make it grow. He spun in horror to see the fog sprawling, crawling toward the airships. “No!” Kylo shouted, but the fog was as mindless as Nyarlathotep was heedless of his cry. It washed over the ships, and where the green-grey mist touched them, they dissolved like salt into water. Kylo’s voice failed him and his eyes fixed on the single armored zeppelin. The fog reached it last, but the armor did nothing to protect the ship beneath. Two emerald-colored lights glowed from the gondola beneath it as the fog obscured the craft’s nose. To Kylo, those lights looked like terrified eyes staring at their own approaching death. Then the fog obscured them, and by the time it had dissipated, every one of the airships was gone. Kylo stared into the void where they had been. Now there was only the dark night sky of the Dreamlands, surrounding the barren floating island where Serannian had once lain. Finally Kylo turned back to look at Nyarlathotep. Kylo couldn’t feel any of his rage now, only an abyssal emptiness far blacker than the Dreamlands’ sky or even than the eyes of Nyarlathotep. “You can’t save him,” said Nyarlathotep, not smiling now but with amusement still twinkling at the corners of his eyes. “Not without my assistance.” “This isn’t real,” Kylo muttered in a voice that sounded flat and dead even to his own ears. “It’s just a dream.” “But is there any difference between the real and the dream?” Nyarlathotep asked him. He took a step forward in the empty air, and Kylo did not draw back. “You cannot oppose me,” continued Nyarlathotep. “You believe that order is stronger than chaos, do you not? But you’re wrong—eventually, things fall apart. Everything falls apart. Your universe rose from chaos long ago, and into chaos it will someday descend. Chaos will consume order, always—and it will consume your Order too.” “Poe isn’t dead,” Kylo insisted. In the face of Nyarlathotep’s insidious words, it was the only fact Kylo could argue, for he knew that Nyarlathotep wasn’t lying. “He is,” said Nyarlathotep, “unless you ask me to save him.” “I will never ask anything of you,” growled Kylo. Nyarlathotep smiled once more, and he said, “We will see.” -- Kylo awoke in his room in Serannian with a shout, sitting up in bed and grappling with nothing. As soon as he opened his eyes, he remembered where he was and that he was still dreaming. Nyarlathotep, his decimation of Serannian and the airships and Poe, had been a dream within his dream. Strong yellow light streamed in through the window overlooking the city. It was morning, and Poe’s bed was empty. Panic gripped Kylo. Was Poe dead, after all? Or had Poe awakened— really awakened, into the physical universe? Or had he simply abandoned Kylo and gone off into the Dreamlands on his own? Then the door to their room opened, and Poe came in balancing a tray with a teapot and cups on one outstretched arm as he manipulated the door latch with his other hand. He looked at Kylo, and at the relief palpable on Kylo’s face, and smiled. “You didn’t think I’d leave you here, did you?” Poe asked. He came into the room, letting the door swing shut behind him. Kylo’s relief collapsed into humiliation, and he looked away. “Why not?” he muttered. Poe set the tray down on the nightstand between their beds, then poured what did appear to be tea of some sort into the cups. Unlike what they’d drunk the night before, the liquid was hot. “ You wouldn’t have left me ,” Poe said, setting the teapot down again. “I left you before.” Still, Kylo took the cup Poe handed him. He blew across its top, disturbing the coiling steam and pushing it out past the rim of the cup to drift above his bedsheets. Kylo thought of the fog of Nyarlathotep crawling in over Serannian, and he shuddered. “Are you all right?” The concern in Poe’s voice only heightened the sick feeling in Kylo’s chest, and he nodded without looking at the other man. “Anyway, yes, you left me before,” said Poe. He had picked up the other cup but hadn’t drunk from it yet. When Kylo finally glanced up at him, Poe was watching him. “The last two times I saw you, you left me in restraints, if I remember correctly. But at least you kissed me goodbye the other night—so I know you wouldn’t leave me here, because you haven’t kissed me yet.” Kylo put as much force as he could muster into the glare he directed at Poe, but the other man just continued to gaze down at him, mild and insouciant. After a moment, Poe took a sip from his teacup. “I’m not going to kiss you.” Kylo swallowed some of his tea; it was sweet, sweeter than the previous night’s drink, although he hadn’t seen Poe add anything to it. Far different from the bitterness I drank all those nights in the past, trying to find this place, Kylo thought . The bitter tea never let me reach Serannian—I didn’t even need that tea. All I needed was to have him with me. Poe sat down on Kylo’s bed, on the edge beside where Kylo hunched in the middle. Poe cradled his cup in his hands—smaller hands than Kylo’s, their skin dark in contrast to the white porcelain vessel he held so carefully. Kylo realized he wasn’t wearing his leather jacket now, and his compact, muscular arms were bare. When Kylo tore his eyes from them, he noticed the jacket draped across the foot of Poe’s bed. In his panic, Kylo hadn’t seen it when he awoke. Otherwise, he would have known Poe hadn’t abandoned him, for of course Poe wouldn’t have left the jacket behind. “Are you hungry?” Poe asked him, so close to him their arms nearly touched. “I’m not. Not even thirsty really, but when I went wandering around downstairs, they had the tea ready for us.” “I’m not hungry,” Kylo muttered. “I suppose we don’t need food here.” He looked down at his cup, which had stopped steaming as the tea cooled. He struggled for something neutral to say, just to make conversation. After his dream, he wanted to talk to Poe about something, anything to reassure himself. Finally, he asked, “Why did you go wandering?” He turned his head to look at Poe as he spoke. Poe looked back at him, dark eyes ( dark like starry voids ) widening a bit in surprise. “Well. . . I’ve been awake for a while now, since the sun started coming up. I got bored waiting for you to wake up, so I went to see what was going on.” Poe kept watching Kylo a moment, as if he expected some kind of response, but then he turned back to his tea. After they sat in silence for a moment, Poe mused, “I was thinking about what one of them said last night, that every dreamer’s Dreamlands is a little different. So I wonder, how we do know if you and I are seeing the same things here?” “I don’t think we’ve ever seen the same things.” Kylo stared down into his cup to keep from staring at Poe. The tea was honey-colored. “What does your tea look like?” “Hunh? Oh.” Poe looked. “It’s yellow. Looks like honey, but thin. Like tea.” “That’s what I see too,” Kylo told him. “But,” Poe persisted, growing more animated as he pursued the matter, “what if words don’t mean the same to you here as they do to me? Like I say ‘honey’ but while I’m thinking of something yellow, you’re thinking of something that’s really. . . I don’t know, green maybe.” Kylo cut his eyes in Poe’s direction. “Why do I have to be the one who’s wrong?” “But—but it’s not wrong !” Poe turned to face him with a look of excitement. “For you, maybe honey is green. For me, it’s yellow. It’s just as true for both of us, but our realities are different!” He exasperated Kylo, but in a familiar, almost comforting way. . . the way he had when they had first known each other and Kylo had watched him from afar, wanting to learn more about him. “Poe, you’re a terrible philosopher,” Kylo sighed. “Perhaps we do see this place differently from one another, but. . . it doesn’t matter. The differences aren’t important.” “And why aren’t they important?” Poe was calmer now, smiling at him. “Because. . . .” Kylo almost said, “Because this is just a dream,” but that wasn’t true. Serannian is a place as real as any in the waking universe, and Poe is here with me, Kylo thought. No matter where in the galaxy our physical bodies are, our souls are together right now. It’s not just a dream. It’s not “just” anything. Kylo answered, “Because the differences aren’t great enough to keep us from communicating with each other.” Poe kept smiling, but his smile took on a proud quality, as if he had proven some great theory of his to be correct. He didn’t explain, though, only tilted back his head and drained his teacup. “We could be here in the Dreamlands for ages,” he murmured as he got up from the bed and set his cup back on the tray. “Time is different here. Years can go by here for every night we sleep in the real—the other universe.” “Yes,” said Kylo. He leaned over to put his teacup down, unable to finish drinking the tea which had grown cold. He looked up at Poe, who was still facing the wall behind the beds. Kylo looked at his profile—forehead, nose, lips—and wished that Poe would sit down beside him again. When Poe turned back to face him, Kylo looked away. “You knew about this place for years?” Poe asked. When Kylo nodded, his face still turned away, Poe murmured, “No wonder you were trying to get here. I’ve never seen any place so beautiful before. I know I have to wake up, eventually, but I hope we can come back here someday.” We, thought Kylo. He said “we,” us coming back together. . . someday. There were a thousand reasons why that “someday” may not come. Poe might be killed. Kylo might be killed. One of them might not be able to find his way back to the Dreamlands. One of them might not want to. After I wake up, Kylo knew, I might never see him again, here or anywhere else. “Ben? Will you try to come back?” Poe was asking him. Kylo blinked back the ache he felt pressing behind his eyes and said, “Yes.” Out of the corner of his eye, Kylo saw Poe nod; then the smaller man picked up his jacket and pulled it on. “Aren’t you ever getting out of bed?” Poe asked as he sat to put his shoes back on. “We should go see more, while we can. That old guy last night said that ships can sail right up the clouds to the harbor here! We could get on a boat and go anywhere in the Dreamlands.” His mind had been so fixated on conquering Serannian, Kylo hadn’t thought about other places in the Dreamlands he might see. There was Celephaïs where King Kuranes dwelt when not in Serannian; the great port city Dylath-Leen; the fantastic castle of Kadath. And there was Poe Dameron, looking at him expectantly, and Kylo didn’t care where he went as long as Poe was beside him, because he kept seeing Nyarlathotep’s power dissolving Poe into nothingness. And beyond that, he kept hearing Poe say, “I loved you, Ben.” Kylo couldn’t remember why he hadn’t kept on letting Poe love him, the way he had back when Ben Solo still walked with the Light. Poe hadn’t really changed since then, but Ben had, and now Kylo was changed again by the dream city floating where the sea meets the sky. But the change is ephemeral, Kylo told himself, and when I awake, I will remember who I am. “Ben?” prompted Poe. “Where do you want to go?” “I don’t know,” Kylo muttered. Poe grinned at him. “Want to go to the Underworld and meet the night-gaunts?” “ No .” Kylo got up and went to the window, where he could see the spires at the center of the city stretching above the other buildings. Their cloud raiment still clung to them, but now they seemed edged in bluish-white light rather than gold: the light of noon rather than sunset. He couldn’t even see the top of the tallest tower; it disappeared into the clouds. “I want to go there ,” Kylo murmured. “Where?” Poe came up behind him to look out the window past his shoulder. “The middle of the city, where that tall tower is. That must be Kuranes’s palace.” “You’re not gonna try to destroy it, are you?” Poe asked mildly. “That blimp thing with the cannon might shoot you. The storyteller said they were still guarding the city, remember?” The airship, Kylo suddenly recalled. The one with the armor that I saw in my dream of Nyarlathotep. . . it was the same one we saw when we arrived here, the one that was alive. The thought of his dream—the airship disintegrating under Nyarlathotep’s power, disintegrating with Poe aboard—made Kylo flinch. Poe saw his shudder and demanded, “You were thinking about destroying it, weren’t you?” “No,” Kylo retorted. He looked over his shoulder and down, at Poe. Poe’s eyes were skeptical as they looked back, and Kylo couldn’t lie to him. It had always been difficult for him to lie to Poe. “I wanted to conquer it,” Kylo muttered as he looked away from Poe and back out at the city. “All of those years I tried to find Serannian, it was because I wanted to overthrow Kuranes. But I never could find my way here, and now that I’ve finally reached the Dreamlands. . . it isn’t worth the effort.” “You mean you wouldn’t be able to succeed.” Despite lacking any control of the Force and the telepathy it offered, Poe still had his old annoying ability to see right through Kylo. “If that—that chaos thing, a deity couldn’t do it, you certainly can’t. So why do you want to go the palace now ?” “If you know me so well, you tell me ,” Kylo snapped. He leaned his forehead against the cold glass windowpane and closed his eyes with a sigh when Poe started to laugh. “Stop trying to be so disagreeable, Ben!” chided Poe. He paused; then Kylo felt a touch on his shoulder. His touch, Poe’s small hand resting there, warm and familiar. Kylo’s breath came faster and raised a mist on the windowpane. Then Poe murmured, “Fine, I’ll tell you why you want to go to the palace. You want to see it up close, just because it’s a palace, a beautiful one. The clouds are nice. Maybe it reminds you of some place you’ve been in the waking universe, a place where you were happy. And you want to see it because you can’t have it. For once, you’ve decided to leave something you can’t have alone instead of breaking it, and you want to know what that feels like.” He was right, about some of it anyway, and Kylo straightened up with his forehead burning cool where the glass had touched it. Poe let his hand drop. “Do you want me to come with you?” Poe asked. “Do whatever you want.” Kylo turned away from the window and from Poe to put his cloak back on, then went to the door of their room. Poe hadn’t moved, and when Kylo felt compelled to look back at him, the smaller man was still standing by the window, arms folded, watching him. “I’m not coming unless you say you want me to,” Poe told him. Poe was being childish, Kylo thought, but overriding the thought was panic, the fear of being left alone—no, it was worse than that. It was the fear of losing Poe all over again. Something in Kylo made him loath to admit that he wanted, needed Poe with him, even while something else argued that needing Poe Dameron couldn’t be so bad, not here anyway. In Serannian, Poe was no longer his enemy; he was the only thing familiar and safe, the only thing Kylo had left. The only thing he still loved. “Fine, I want you to come with me,” Kylo muttered. Poe smiled, and it lit up his whole face: his eyes, his mouth, even his olive-toned skin. “Okay then!” Poe replied cheerfully. “Let’s go!” -- To be continued Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Angel, you know it’s not the end We’ll always be good friends The letters have been sent on So please, you always were so free You’ll see, I promise we’ll be perfect Strangers when we meet Strangers on the street Lovers while we sleep -- When Kylo and Poe went downstairs to the tavern, empty at that time of day, Kylo’s friend—the little plant-creature—was waiting for him. “Ben!” she chirped and hopped from the floor to a chair, and from that to a tabletop so that she could look up into his face. “Hey, don’t I get a hello too?” Poe chuckled, and the sprout cast him a disdainful look. “Sorry first,” she said, then jumped abruptly from the table right at Kylo’s chest, so that he had to catch her in his arms to keep her from careening into him. “Sorry? Say I’m sorry for what?” Poe was nearly overcome with amusement at seeing the small creature’s adoration of Kylo. “Mean to Ben,” the sprout muttered, and snuggled against Kylo’s cloak. Poe’s laughter evaporated, and he looked up at Kylo solemnly. After a beat, Poe said, “I’m sorry I was mean to you. Ben.” Kylo looked away and muttered, “Don’t.” The young plant creature missed the undercurrent of emotion running through the exchange, and she wriggled out of Kylo’s arms to jump back down on the table. “Hello, Poe!” she cried. Poe’s smile returned, though weaker than before, and he patted her broad leaves before they bid her farewell and set out for the castle at the heart of the city. Kylo and Poe walked to the center of Serannian without needing to ask anyone for directions: the spire of Kuranes’s cloudy castle was always visible above the other buildings, and all the streets ran toward it like spokes on a wheel. The Dreamlands’ sun hung overhead for what seemed a mere instant then began sliding down the sky on its way to another evening that would stretch into forever. A forever for everyone but me, Kylo thought, and him. We have to wake up eventually. As they neared the palace, the buildings around them reached taller and taller, round domes lengthening into first steeples, then spires, until Kylo and Poe finally came to the end of the street they trod. Every street in the city ended there upon a wide road that circled the castle. They stopped in front of an arched gate leading into the palace guardians. Poe tilted his head back at a ninety-degree angle, looking up and up at the single turret disappearing into a nest of cloud. “ That’s where I want to sleep,” he declared, “at the very top. Like sleeping and flying at the same time.” “And you imply that I have delusions of grandeur,” Kylo said. Poe turned his head to look at him with it still tilted back. “You’re trying to make a joke, aren’t you?” He smiled at Kylo, and he looked so silly with his head like that, Kylo smiled too. Poe’s eyes softened from glittering to gleaming when he saw Kylo’s smile. He turned his gaze back to the castle then lifted his head slowly. “Ow.” Poe rubbed the back of his neck with his hand. “If I can get sleepy in a dream, I guess I can wrench my neck too.” He took a step toward the gate before stopping again and looking back at Kylo. “Do you want to go inside? Can we go inside?” “I don’t know—” Kylo began. “You can.” The voice, a girl’s voice, came from behind them. They turned to look, and she was standing where Kylo knew no one had been as they approached the castle: a girl who looked younger than either of them—she might have been out of adolescence, but only barely—with hair the color of the marble palace. It fell just past her shoulders in soft waves which shone silvery-pink in the afternoon sunlight. She was very pretty. “We can go in?” Poe clarified. The girl nodded. “If you want to. King Kuranes is here, so it’s open. Anyone can come and go.” Kylo turned back to look at the castle and muttered, “He isn’t afraid the Crawling Chaos might return? Or that someone else might attack?” “Don’t even think about it, Ben,” Poe teased him. Kylo glared at him then craned his neck to look over his shoulder at the girl. She was looking down now, lips pursed in an unhappy bow shape as she smoothed with her hands the cream-colored sundress she wore. It was loose on her body, but even when she pressed it down, her figure was boyish. Maybe she was even younger than Kylo had assumed. “Nyarlathotep—the Crawling Chaos—will not return here,” she finally said as she raised her eyes to them once more—wide eyes with lavender irises, a color that made Kylo think of flowers. The girl didn’t even address the notion that someone else might dare to attempt what Nyarlathotep had failed to do. “Shall we go in?” Poe asked Kylo. “I can escort you,” added the girl. “Kuranes is my friend, and I can show you the palace.” Kylo didn’t want her with them, but he could tell Poe wanted to see the palace, maybe to ascend the turret where Kuranes slept like he was flying. “All right,” Kylo said, and his answer made Poe smile again before the pilot turned back to the girl. “I’m Poe,” he told her, “and this is Ben. Who are you?” “My name is Emily.” She started to walk toward the castle, passing between them and gesturing for them to follow her. She was barefoot, but the soles of her pink feet looked clean. “Do you live here? In Serannian, I mean?” Poe asked as he went after her. Kylo followed him, glaring at the back of the girl’s head. “Sometimes,” said Emily. How is a girl that young a friend of the king? Kylo wondered, full of suspicion. And how does she know Nyarlathotep’s name? Those thoughts melted into others: I can’t feel the Force here. If there is danger, I have no way to protect him. Again he remembered Nyarlathotep’s fog obscuring the airship and taking Poe away from him. Kuranes did not look like what Kylo expected. Emily led them to him, up a winding staircase in the center of the palace’s single turret; one story up, she turned off of the stairs through a doorway, into the king’s throne room. It too was not what Kylo had expected: bookish rather than palatial, like a library of the ancient kind of books, ones printed on paper or fabric or vellum and stored on shelves. Kuranes sat—no, curled in a wing chair upholstered in olive-green velvet, with a large book open on his lap. He wore no crown or robe, just a dressing gown, and he looked to be about the age of Kylo’s uncle. “King Kuranes?” Emily asked as they stood in the doorway of the small library without their host noticing them. The man looked up from his book, and for a second, Kylo saw a hunted look in his light grey eyes. Wrinkles creased the skin around them but crinkled into smile lines when Kuranes recognized Emily. Kuranes pushed his thinning hair, probably once black but now streaked with grey, back behind his shoulders and set the book aside on an end table. “Emily,” he said; then his eyes moved to glance at Poe to her left and Kylo to her right. They fixed on Kylo, and further wrinkles formed on Kuranes’s brow, giving Kylo the disconcerting feeling that Kuranes, like Nyarlathotep, already knew him. “These dreamers are visiting Serannian,” Emily told him. She indicated each of them with her hands. “Poe, and Ben.” “Yes,” said Kuranes, “hello. You’ve never been to the Dreamlands before, have you?” Without waiting for an answer, he gestured to a settee nearby. “Please, sit.” Kylo and Poe had to sit side-by-side on the small piece of furniture, and Poe slipped out of his jacket first so that Kylo could feel the heat rising from Poe’s bare arm, through his own cloak. He wondered if his senses were heightened there, even though the Force had been stripped from him. Emily sat in a straight-backed, cane-seated chair across from them and looked at Kuranes. “They wanted to see your palace,” she told him. “Oh?” The king smiled again and looked at the two younger men. “And what do you think? Do you like it?” “Yes!” enthused Poe, then added awkwardly, “Er, your. . . majesty. We—I like Serannian too, all of it. It’s beautiful. You really created it all yourself?” Kylo recognized Poe’s tendency to talk too much when nervous, and Kylo smiled—both at the familiar quality and at the thought of Poe Dameron being nervous over dreaming that he appeared before a king. Kuranes nodded. “Yes, Serannian and Celephaïs and the Valley of Ooth-Nargai all. But I deserve no praise for it—I only dreamed them, as anyone might.” He sighed and looked so embittered, Kylo wondered, How can he speak of it like that, of dreaming whole cities into such an existence that other beings can make their homes there? How can he ever tire of it? “King Kuranes is too modest,” said Emily. She turned her lavender eyes from the king to Poe, then to Kylo. “Anyone might dream of a place, but most beings dream only of places and people they’ve seen before, remixing what they’ve experienced in daily life. Kuranes is that rarest of dreamers, one who can create completely new places in his dreams.” “Emily, my dear lady,” Kuranes clucked, “I do not warrant your praise.” “Dear lady,” as if she weren’t a mere girl, hardly more than a child. His tone conveyed fondness but also the utmost respect, and Kylo looked at Emily again, more carefully. Who are you? he demanded of her, silently. What are you? “If you really didn’t warrant my praise for Serannian or Celephaïs,” Emily retorted, “you would for being one of the few to die in the physical omniverse while living on in the Dreamlands—or for being the only one to face the void beyond the stars without going mad, the only mortal to take the hand of Nyarlathotep and to gaze into the heart of Azathoth without losing himself to insanity.” “Nyarlathotep,” Kylo breathed, and all three of the others looked at him. “Ben?” Poe hissed, but Kylo ignored him. “Who is Nyarlathotep?” Kylo demanded of the king. “The Crawling Chaos,” said Kuranes, and Kylo waved him off with a frustrated gesture of his hand. It’s like trying to talk to Mother, he thought before he could stop himself. “I know that, but what is ‘the Crawling Chaos’?” he persisted. “Is it a—a deity, a god? Or is it. . . nothing , is it truly chaos? Is it entropy?” When Kuranes only continued to look at him mildly, Kylo clenched his teeth and half-rose from his seat. “Tell me, I have to know!” “Calm down!” Poe snapped at him. He grabbed Kylo’s wrist and jerked, forcing him back down in his seat. “You’re being rude.” Kylo glared at him, and Poe glared back. “No, it is all right,” Kuranes murmured. “Better to ask and satisfy your curiosity than to try to discover for yourself.” He sighed again and glanced at Emily. “Although you would be able to explain better.” “Nyarlathotep isn’t a deity,” said Emily, “not precisely. But neither is he blind entropy. He thinks, he feels—he’s. . . he is a man. Immortal, ageless, but not infinite. A man.” The way she said it— he is a man— coupled with the lowering of her eyes stunned Kylo, stunned and shook him. “He tried to destroy Serannian once, didn’t he?” Poe asked, cautiously interjecting himself into the conversation with the politeness Kylo lacked. “Last night, someone told us about it. Nyarla—the Crawling Chaos attacked the city, but everyone else dreamed it back into being.” “Yes,” Kuranes nodded. “He did so partially to annoy me—he resents me for my abilities as a dreamer. But also, while he is not purely chaos, he does embody it. He enjoys breaking things.” “That sounds familiar,” Poe said under his breath. Kylo ignored him again. “So he broke Serannian,” Kuranes went on. “Emily gathered some brave creatures in an attempt to stop him—that attempt failed, but they led the other dreamers of the omniverse to rebuild our city, and now it is even more beautiful than before.” Kylo turned back to Emily, and she raised her eyes to challenge the look he gave her. Kylo muttered, “You fought him. But you couldn’t stop him.” “No,” she said. “I could have, maybe, but he would have come back and tried again, and again and again. The best way was to let him win. . . then show him that it made no difference whether he won or not. He can’t stop us from dreaming.” “Maybe not those of you who live here—and those of you who are already dead,” Kylo growled with a gesture at Kuranes, “but what about the rest of us? If he kills us in our dreams, we don’t wake up, do we, and then what? No one can just dream us back to life .” He was aware of Poe staring at him now, but only Emily voiced the question they all must have for Kylo. “Why would Nyarlathotep want to kill you ?” Kylo did not answer her. After a moment, Emily went on, “I don’t know what would happen if he did. Perhaps you would truly die. I cannot say.” “Nyarlathotep has touched you, hasn’t he?” Kuranes asked Kylo. Emily’s curious eyes widened, and Kylo looked away from her, at the king. The pity he saw on Kuranes’s face angered him, but for once, Kylo held his temper. “Yes,” he replied in a low, tight voice. Beside him, Poe drew in a breath that shook. “If he’s marked you, you likely can’t escape him,” said the king. “He has at his disposal power I cannot comprehend. Nyarlathotep is more even than what Emily has said—the son of blind Azathoth and the mouthpiece of the Outer Gods. If they are a court, he is jester and vizier and prince and general, all at once. He has a thousand forms and a thousand names.” “I don’t care ,” snapped Kylo. Holding his temper was growing more difficult. “I will not submit to him—I can’t .” “Why?” retorted Emily. Her previous manner, gentle and mild, was falling away, and she didn’t seem so young anymore. “Because you’re stubborn and proud? Nyarlathotep is stubborn and proud too—and whoever you are in the waking omniverse, you are nothing here. If he wants to kill you, he will. And even if someone could dream you back to life, is there anyone who would want to?” “Emily, please,” Kuranes nearly groaned, much like Poe had tried earlier to calm Kylo. Kylo hardly heard. Instead, he heard blood pounding in his ears, and the words he wanted to say but could not: He doesn’t want to kill me, he wants to kill Poe , and if I could just dream Poe back into my life, I would have done so a thousand times before now. The girl took a deep breath—Kylo saw her narrow chest rise and fall with an unnatural slowness—then she said, “But it doesn’t matter, and you shouldn’t worry. You are safe here. Nyarlathotep will not return to Serannian.” -- Before they parted from Kuranes, he invited Kylo and Poe to spend the evening and night at his palace. The king did not seem to be offended at Kylo’s outburst or attitude, although Emily spoke to Kylo only grudgingly from then on. That night, at a banquet over which Kuranes presided, Kylo and Poe ate for the first time since they’d begun to dream. The food was delicious, and Kylo felt his hunger return the second he smelled it, but thoughts of Nyarlathotep and Emily’s words— If he wants to kill you, he will —weighed Kylo down whenever he came close to enjoying himself. At his side all evening, Poe was cheerful and talkative, and everyone they met became enamored of him. From other guests, Kylo overheard more about Kuranes, that the king was unhappy there in Serannian or even in his capital city of Celephaïs. Utopia was boring, it seemed, and what Kuranes truly longed for was the quiet, commonplace village of his childhood. He had tried to recreate the world of youth in the Dreamlands, yet no matter how perfectly he replicated it, something remained missing—something lost in time that couldn’t be dreamed back. When he heard that story, although he showed no signs of pity for the sovereign of Serannian, Kylo realized that Kuranes understood his plight in a way that Emily never could. Whatever she was, Emily was nothing mortal, and she couldn’t know about the things that couldn’t be dreamed back. Once the sun had finally set, darkness shrouded the single turret of Kuranes’s palace. From the city streets below, the inhabitants of Serannian lit paper lanterns that floated up into the sky, drew even with the windows of the banquet hall, then continued upward. Kuranes himself took Kylo and Poe to a room reserved for his guests and left them there. Like their room at the inn (Kylo wondered if the little plant creature was looking for him there), this bedroom held two beds, both layered with soft bedding and cornered with four posters carved of some hard, dark wood. Canopies of sparkling, translucent silk draped each bed. “I always wanted a canopy bed,” Poe commented as he stripped out of his jacket. He started to toss it on one bed, then thought better of it and hung the jacket carefully in the wardrobe instead. Kylo, who had had a canopy bed once and felt smothered by it, did not reply. The room seemed small with the two large beds and the wardrobe crammed in it, and Kylo had to brush against Poe’s shoulder as he walked past, moving toward a set of double doors that opened out onto a narrow balcony. Like everything else in the room, the doors were overly ornate, and each was set with fifteen small, rectangular window panes. Kylo opened the doors and stepped out onto the balcony. The room was nearly halfway up the tower, and the lights in the streets below seemed like pinpoints from that height. Still, their room was nowhere near the top of the tower, where Poe had wanted to sleep. “You should have asked for a room at the top,” Kylo muttered when he heard one of the doors creak behind him. Poe slipped out to stand beside him, cautiously neutral as he had been when they first arrived in Serannian. His obvious, clumsy attempt at not angering Kylo only irritated Kylo more; it reminded him of how his father used to act around him. “This is fine,” said Poe. He leaned out over the balustrade, so far that Kylo felt like grabbing him and hauling him back lest he fall. Could he die here, by falling? Kylo wondered. Nyarlathotep would be disappointed. The faint sound of music reached them from the streets, and Serannian’s moon began to creep up the dark sky. It looked large and nearly full, and it shone an orange-yellow light reflected from the Dreamlands’ set sun. The light made Poe’s skin seem to glow. Kylo glanced at him; when he saw that Poe was entranced by the moon, Kylo turned his head to look at openly at the other man’s profile. Then, with no warning at all, Poe turned and looked back at him. Poe’s dark eyes pierced into the center of Kylo’s very being. “What did Kuranes mean,” Poe asked, “when he said that Nyarlathotep touched you?” Kylo’s eyes flicked from one of Poe’s to the other, hunted. “Nothing,” he muttered. “He’s crazy.” “ Ben .” Poe reached up to place both hands on Kylo’s shoulders, and Kylo flinched at his touch. Poe’s beautiful eyes widened with hurt, but then his lids dropped again and he hissed, “What did he mean? Tell me. Who is Nyarlathotep?” He didn’t let go. “He’s—he’s what everyone has said. A. . . a monster, a thing .” Kylo finally jerked his eyes away from Poe’s and looked over the smaller man’s head at the glimmering lights of the city. “But—how did he touch you?” Poe persisted. “When? Where? ” When Kylo didn’t answer, Poe put his hands to Kylo’s face, cupping his jaws and turning his head down so that Kylo was forced to meet his eyes again. Poe’s small hands felt warm and so familiar cradling his face like they used to do long ago. Kylo finally spoke and was horrified when he heard a fleeting quiver in his voice. “Last night, when we were asleep at the inn, I dreamed about Nyarlathotep,” Kylo said. “I dreamed about him destroying Serannian.” Poe relaxed the tiniest bit, demonstrated only by a minute lifting of his brows, but he kept his hands on Kylo’s face. Kylo went on in a thoughtful murmur, “That must be what Kuranes meant, not that Nyarlathotep. . . literally touched me. But he spoke to me in my dream. I thought. . . I thought it was just a dream.” Remembering Nyarlathotep lifting his hand, casting forth the fog that had murdered Poe and the airship which carried him, Kylo flinched a second time and pulled away from the other man’s grasp. He turned his back on Poe and gripped the balustrade instead, leaning over it to stare down into the streets of the city. “He knew me,” Kylo whispered. “He said that—that I thought he and I were alike, but that we aren’t alike at all. He said that he is chaos, and chaos always destroys order.” Kylo closed his eyes, better to feel the words as he spoke. “Chaos consumes order. And Nyarlathotep—in my dream, he consumed you .” “Me?” Despite Kylo’s withdrawal, Poe pursued him and came to stand again at his side. “I was in the dream too?” “He killed you.” The words came out flat, and Kylo still kept his eyes closed. “You were aboard an airship, and he destroyed it. I couldn’t—I can’t use the Force here, but in that dream I could, and I still—I still couldn’t fight him.” The words came tumbling out, and Kylo could no more stop them than he could stop Nyarlathotep’s attack. He hunched over the railing and rasped, “I tried, I tried to save you, but I couldn’t. Nyarlathotep said that you would die unless I asked him to save you, but he—he was the one—” Kylo finally silenced himself, but his shoulders hitched of their own accord. Poe kept silent too for a moment, and when he did speak, his voice was soft and unsure. “It was only a dream—not even a dream like this, just a regular dream.” “No,” Kylo whispered. “It meant something. Kuranes was right—Nyarlathotep truly spoke to me. He has marked me, and you as well. It’s like Kuranes said, Nyarlathotep envies any mortal who is a skilled dreamer, anyone who dares to seek out the Dreamlands. He’s envious of me, and this is how he’s decided to humiliate me: he means to kill you, unless I submit to him and beg him to spare you.” “Then why not let him have me?” Now Poe’s voice was the one which sounded flat. “What’s it to you if I live or die?” “ Poe, ” Kylo hissed. He clenched his hands over the balustrade and opened his eyes to look down at his white knuckles and the claw-like grip of his long fingers. “I will not let you die.” He knew Poe didn’t believe himself to be in any true danger, not from something that would happen in a dream, but just as strongly, Kylo also knew that Nyarlathotep would do everything in his power to take Poe from him. “Why not?” Poe asked again. When Kylo finally was able to lift his head and look at the other man, Poe had turned his back on the city and was leaning against the balustrade, arms folded across his chest. “It’s not like you haven’t thrown me away before.” Anger tried to rise in Kylo at the words—which he knew Poe said deliberately to incite him—but a layer of misery held down his rage. Poe was right, and Kylo knew it. But then Poe continued, “And it’s not like I don’t deserve it.” “What?” Kylo croaked, staring at him. Poe didn’t look back at him, instead tucking his chin so that he gazed down at the creamy marble tiles of the balcony flooring. “I’ve never been good enough for you,” Poe murmured. “If I had been, if I had done more. . . I know it’s not all my fault, but I’m never going to stop blaming myself.” “Blaming yourself—for what ?” Kylo stammered. Then Poe raised his head and pinned Kylo with his eyes. “For you turning to the Dark.” -- To be continued Notes: CLIFFHANGERRRRRRR Sorry about that, but this chapter was getting too long ^^; Chapter 5 Kylo couldn’t speak. “I should have done more,” said Poe. “I should have loved you better, I should have told you how much I care for you . If you had known what you mean to me, maybe—maybe I would have been enough.” His deep brown eyes shone with unshed tears, reflecting the moonlight that turned his skin to gold. Then Poe blinked, and the tears spilled out, one down each side of his face. “Don’t cry,” Kylo murmured. Seeing resentment and anger, even hatred, on Poe’s face had been better than seeing the hurt and sorrow there now. “You think I want to? I can’t help it,” muttered Poe. “It wasn’t your fault,” Kylo told him. “It wasn’t you—what the Dark offers me that the Light cannot. . . it has nothing to do with you.” “Of course not, I know it was never about me.” Poe blinked again and ducked his head once more. The yellow moonlight lit up the tear track on the side of his face. “But at the same time—it was always about me, too, wasn’t it? You knew I was fighting against you. You thought that if I really loved you, I would have followed you—right? You can’t tell me you didn’t think that.” “And you thought that if I really loved you , I wouldn’t have gone.” Kylo took one step toward Poe, trailing his hand along the balustrade. “But I never expected anything less from you than what you did. You’ll do what you believe to be right, no matter what.” “So will you, I guess. And that’s why the Crawling Chaos said you and he aren’t anything alike,” Poe sighed. “If he destroyed Serannian just to annoy Kuranes—if he’ll kill me just to annoy you . . . he must know that’s not right .” “You think I’d be annoyed ?” Kylo groaned. “Poe, really, you can’t—I’m not going to let him kill you. I’ll find a way to save you!” Something in Poe snapped then, and he pushed himself off the balustrade with his hands and rounded on Kylo. “Did it ever occur to you that I don’t need you to save me?” Poe nearly shouted. “I can save myself . I didn’t come this far to let some—some vengeful, petty god- thing kill me in your dream!” “Dammit, Poe, you won’t have a choice !” Kylo yelled back at him. “Not if it’s like what I saw! He vaporized you, you and that airship we saw yesterday. All the fancy flying you could possibly do won’t save you.” “Yeah?” growled Poe. “Well, neither will you . What if I just wake myself up? What about that?” “Then the next time you sleep, the next time you dream—he’ll be there. And I won’t, and someday I’ll hear that they found you dead—” Poe’s two tears had long since dried, but Kylo felt his own start in his eyes. Before Kylo could turn away, Poe saw and stared up at him. Kylo gave up then. He no longer cared how vulnerable he made himself to Poe Dameron, because really, what did it matter? Whatever happened, Kylo would wake up eventually, and very likely, he would never see Poe again, in the physical universe or anywhere else. “I couldn’t kill you when I had you captive, and I can’t let someone else kill you now,” said Kylo. Poe appeared slightly blurry in his vision, but no tears fell. “I still love you, Poe.” Poe continued to stare at him, his perfect mouth slightly open. Kylo took another step toward him and lifted a hand to Poe’s cheek, where he touched the dried trail Poe’s tear had left. Poe didn’t protest or draw back—in fact, Poe didn’t move. Kylo’s fingers shook; then he pressed his hand to Poe’s face and cupped his jaw. Poe’s skin felt warm, and his pulse beat under Kylo’s fingertips. “Ben,” he muttered, “you can’t—you shouldn’t—don’t tell me that.” But he pressed his cheek against Kylo’s palm and closed his eyes. “I don’t care if I shouldn’t,” said Kylo. “I do. I love you.” He put his other hand to Poe’s face too then slid it up into the dark brown curls of the smaller man’s hair. Poe felt so good, so right in his hands. “Ben,” Poe whispered; then he lurched up on his toes and crushed his mouth against Kylo’s. He grasped the back of Kylo’s neck with both hands and held himself up as they kissed; as soon as Kylo’s lips parted, Poe’s tongue was in his mouth, thrusting in deep. Kylo clenched his fingers into Poe’s hair and pushed the smaller man up against the balustrade for leverage as he fought back with his own tongue. Kylo heard Poe inhale deeply through his nose; then Poe pulled his head back to draw another gasping breath. “I love you,” Poe rasped, “I never stopped loving you.” He kissed Kylo again and again, drawing away whenever Kylo tried to return the kisses, only to dart his head forward to claim Kylo’s mouth once more. In between, Poe mumbled nearly incoherent sentiments: “If love could have kept you from the Dark—no, it couldn’t have, because I couldn’t love you harder or better. No one could love you more than I do.” Finally he let Kylo have his mouth, and Kylo kissed him desperately. After their kisses slowed, Poe sank back down on his heels with his face still tilted up, lips parted and glistening with a mixture of their saliva. Kylo stared at him, and Poe stared back. “How can you still love me?” Poe whispered. Then, as if only repeating the same question, “How can you save me?” “I don’t know,” Kylo whispered back, answering both questions at once. “But I do. And I will. Poe, I won’t let you go again. I won’t—” He broke off then made himself finish. “Won’t th-throw you away—Poe, I’m sorry .” It was something he never could have admitted in the waking universe. To apologize, even to feel regret. . . that was not the way of the Dark, and it was everything that Kylo had spent years steeling himself against. Yet words couldn’t begin to express the regret Kylo did feel when he looked down into Poe Dameron’s dark eyes. At that moment, admitting it was acceptable. Poe nodded, slowly. He lifted his hand from the back of Kylo’s neck to his hair, pushing the black strands back from the side of his face. “And I won’t leave you,” Poe murmured. “I won’t give up on you, not this time.” He dropped his hand from Kylo’s hair and draped his arms over the taller man’s shoulders instead. Poe leaned into his chest and whispered, “Can you forget it all, for a little while? Ben, I want to be with you, the way we used to be. Without the Dark—without the Light , and without any damned Crawling Chaos. Just you and me.” Kylo pressed his face against Poe’s hair and mumbled Poe’s name into it. Poe leaned up, and his lips brushed Kylo’s ear wetly. The feel of them sent a pang of desire through Kylo, desire he thought he’d suppressed forever. “Poe,” he groaned again. Poe flicked his tongue over Kylo’s earlobe then trailed kisses down the taller man’s neck. Kylo felt Poe’s teeth nip at his skin, and he tightened his arms around Poe’s waist; but then Poe drew back and looked up at him. “Ben?” he whispered. “Just you and me?” Kylo lifted his hands to cup Poe’s pretty face as he nodded. “Yes. Just you and me.” Poe let Kylo kiss him again; then he grasped the front of Kylo’s cloak and tugged, pulling him back into their room. They left the doors open, and the strains of music reached them, carried on a cooling breeze. Poe lifted his hands to Kylo’s throat and began to unfasten his cloak. “I’m glad you don’t have that awful mask here,” Poe murmured. He pushed Kylo’s cloak from his shoulders and rested his hands on them as he looked up into the taller man’s eyes. “I want to be able to see your true face, and hear your true voice.” “I didn't choose what I was wearing when I appeared here,” Kylo said. “Neither did I,” said Poe with a shrug. He trailed his hands down Kylo’s chest to his waist, then lifted his eyes to Kylo’s once more. “I don’t even have that leather jacket anymore, not in real life—I gave it to Finn.” “Finn?” Kylo thought he hid the flare of jealousy he felt, but Poe’s eyes sparkled, and he laughed. “Never mind.” Poe started opening Kylo’s shirt, and he slid warm hands over Kylo’s chest once it was exposed. His fingers traced the spots and blemishes marking Kylo’s pale skin, then came to rest over the spot where his pulse beat beneath his flesh. Poe’s mouth was at just that height, and he leaned forward to press a kiss over Kylo’s heart. “I missed you,” Poe whispered. The heat of his breath sank into Kylo’s bare skin. “I missed how you feel, and how you taste. When you had me captured, you were so different—I thought maybe you were gone forever. But you were still you , underneath, even though you were so cold to me. . . even though you hurt me.” Kylo drew in and exhaled harsh, ragged breaths. He couldn’t say how close he had come to breaking down, coming undone and giving in when he’d had Poe alone, when he’d heard the hate in Poe’s voice snarling, “The Resistance will not be intimidated by you”—because Kylo had also heard the message beneath the words. I will not be intimidated by you. I will not give in to you, because I don’t need you anymore. I don’t need you, I don’t want you, I don’t love you. Coldness toward Poe, hurting Poe, had been necessary in order to keep Kylo from falling apart. He felt as if the Light and the Dark were constantly at war within him, and Poe could never know how close he’d come to helping the Light win, to shattering the armor of Kylo Ren and exposing fragile, worthless Ben Solo once more. And yet, here was Poe saying that he had loved, still loved Ben Solo, that Ben was the one he missed and wanted. Ben is all I am here, Kylo thought, and I am useless, no good to Poe or to anyone else. Emily was right: I am nothing here. Poe was looking up at him, frowning. “Ben?” Kylo dropped his eyes to Poe’s and said, “I was thinking about what Emily said. If Nyarlathotep took me, instead of you, if I died and someone could dream me back to life. . . is there anyone who would want to?” He looked away from Poe, over the shorter man’s head, without really seeing anything. “No. . . I think not.” “Stop being a melodramatic idiot,” Poe grumbled. “I would, of course—didn’t I say I loved you? But I thought Nyarlathotep wants me , not you. You’re not thinking of. . . of bargaining with him, are you? Because I get the impression he’s a cheat, and anyway, I’m not going to let you trade places with me, if that’s what you’re angling for.” Kylo muttered, “That’s not what I’m thinking of,” and he pushed Poe away from him. For a terrible second, he thought Poe’s face was going to crumble into tears, but then the smaller man composed it into a stony glare. “What were you thinking of, then?” “That no one would want me back if I were to. . . die, or to disappear into this world entirely. Even you.” When Poe opened his mouth to make an angry protest, Kylo cut him off, “I don’t doubt your sincerity, Poe, but—but you don’t love me . You love who I used to be, you love Ben . I’m not that anymore. I can’t ever be that again. Not here, not in the waking universe, not anywhere.” He turned away from Poe, escaping the intent eyes glaring up at him from beneath their heavy brows, and went to the balcony doors. There was still music outside, music and lights coming up from the streets of the cloud-and-marble city Kuranes had built in his dreams. “I’m of the Dark now, not the Light,” murmured Kylo, “and. . . and nobody wants me like this. The First Order respects me, or fears me, or—” He thought of the Supreme Leader. “—or uses me. The Resistance hates me. You hate me, who I am now; my mother—if she didn’t before, she must now .” Kylo gripped the handles of the two doors in fists so tight, his knuckles turned white; then he flung them closed with a snarl of rage. They banged and rattled in their frames, and Kylo beat his fists upon them. Somehow, the glass didn’t shatter, although he wished it would. I wish it would shatter and cut me into a million pieces, he thought. “Stop it!” Poe shouted at him. Kylo felt Poe’s hand close over his shoulder; then the smaller man yanked backwards, hard, and bodily flung Kylo around to face him. Poe face was dark with a fury that might have even matched Kylo’s. “You fucking moron ,” Poe yelled, “what is the matter with you?” Kylo stared at him, wondering if Poe had somehow read his mind, or if Kylo had voiced aloud what he believed himself to be just thinking about wanting to be cut to pieces, about wanting to die. Or maybe Poe was just the first person in a long while to point out the ridiculousness of the violence Kylo inflicted on inanimate objects whenever he got angry. Poe stared back up at him, chest heaving; then he jerked forward and reached up. Kylo flinched, thinking Poe was about to strike him, but the smaller man only clasped Kylo’s face in his hands, fingers curling over the back of his jaw. “I love you,” Poe hissed in a fierce whisper. “ You . I call you Ben because that’s who you are , whatever you think to the contrary—but I’ll call you Kylo if that’s what you want, if that’s what it takes to make you believe me.” He rose up on his toes so that their faces were almost level, noses nearly touching, and whispered, “I love you, Kylo Ren, and I will always love you. I love you, and your mother loves you, and—and even that little plant thing back at the inn loves you! You. Are. Loved. ” Kylo blinked, unaware of the tears that had welled in his eyes until they spilled down his face. Unrelenting, Poe continued, “You are not the Dark now, any more than you were all Light back then. None of us is all one thing or the other—and I think that’s what’s the matter with you, you’ve always expected everyone to be perfectly one or the other. Your parents disappointed you, your uncle disappointed you, I disappointed you, because we weren’t perfect in the Light. And now you disappoint yourself, because you can’t be perfect in the Dark. But you’re not supposed to be.” Kylo was still weeping, silently, and Poe’s face finally lost its look of intense concentration, and softened. He pushed Kylo back, gently, until his thighs hit the high bed; then Poe pressed him down to sit on its edge. Poe’s hands left Kylo’s face and went into his hair, stroking it back as the pilot bent his head and kissed Kylo’s face just under one eye, catching his tears. “I will fight for you,” Poe murmured against Kylo’s skin. “I’ll fight Nyarlathotep or the First Order or whoever I have to, to keep you with me. I’m not going to lose you again.” “I’m not worth it,” Kylo breathed, finally tracing the tangle of his emotions back to the thought that had so upset him in the first place. “I am nothing here— or there. I can have all the power in the galaxy, but I’ll still be. . . nothing, nothing that matters .” “That’s not true.” Poe’s lips left Kylo’s cheek, and he rested their foreheads against one another. “Kylo, Ben. . . you’re not nothing. You’re my everything .” He straddled Kylo’s thighs and dropped down to sit in his lap, and he didn’t resist when Kylo suddenly tilted his head to the side and kissed Poe, deeply and hungrily. For the first time, for a little while at least, Kylo believed what Poe was telling him, and had always told him: Poe does love me, exactly as I am, and even if I matter to no one else, I matter to him . “I love you,” Kylo whispered into Poe’s mouth between kisses. “Poe, I love you, and I’ll fight for you too. If the only way to fight for you is to submit, to beg Nyarlathotep to save you, I’ll do it. I’ll do whatever it takes.” “Just tell me you love me,” Poe demanded. He grasped a handful of Kylo’s hair and used it to draw the larger man’s head back until Poe could look in his eyes. “Tell me again. Make me believe it.” “I love you, Poe Dameron,” said Kylo. “I missed you too, how you feel and taste, the sound of your voice and the way you look at me.” Poe looked at him like that just then, dropping his eyelids even lower than normal until they half-obscured his brown irises, and his long upper lashes almost met his lower ones. Poe’s eyes smoldered, and they rekindled the desire Kylo’s rage had smothered. He tightened his arms around Poe’s waist and stood, lifting Poe up before spinning to lay him on his back on the bed, knees at the edge and lower legs dangling off the side. Poe gasped in surprise and his eyes widened, only to fall nearly closed again when Kylo lurched forward and crushed his mouth against the side of Poe’s neck. “I want you,” Kylo growled into Poe’s brown skin. His words sounded almost nonsensical, peppered in between mixed kisses and nips to the pilot’s neck and throat. “I want to love you, I need you.” “Nngh, Ben,” Poe groaned, and now Kylo didn’t bristle at hearing his old name. Coming as Poe’s cry of desire for him, it only sounded right. “Ben, please, love me, love me like you used to!” Kylo pushed the hem of Poe’s shirt up and slid his hands up the pilot’s chest; then Poe lifted his arms and struggled to strip his shirt off entirely until Kylo helped. He caught one of Poe’s toned arms in his hands and pressed his lips to the muscles there. Poe’s body was exactly as beautiful as Kylo had remembered, even recreated in a dream. Yet it also still possessed the little flaws and imperfections that made Poe human, and those made Kylo love him all the more. Poe stopped Kylo’s adoration of his arm with a chuckle, by pushing the larger man back enough to finish opening Kylo’s shirt and push it off his broad shoulders. Poe trailed a fingertip down his sternum, then splayed his hand over Kylo’s left pectoral. When Poe’s fingers brushed his nipple, Kylo gasped. Poe gave a low, throaty laugh and pulled Kylo down against him, latching his mouth over the nipple and sucking hard. When it came erect, he bit it, and Kylo groaned Poe’s name. “I still know what you like,” Poe growled against his chest, “and how you like it.” He bit the other nipple then locked his arms around Kylo’s chest and turned over, rolling on top of the larger man and looking down into his flushed face with wide, dilated eyes. “And I can still give it to you better than anyone else ever could.” Kylo didn’t tell Poe that he’d never given anyone else the chance. He didn’t think that was something Poe needed to know, and anyway, he didn’t want to hear whatever Poe’s rejoinder would be, probably that Poe had had all kinds of lovers since their last time together, and all of them better than Kylo. He pushed the thought away and cuffed a hand over the back of Poe’s neck to pull his head down and kiss him again. Poe kissed him back with growing franticness, and he shoved his hands between them to fumble at Kylo’s waist, trying to get his pants open. As Poe pulled away from his mouth, Kylo grappled for him, but the pilot eluded his grasp and went down on his knees at the side of the bed. He’d gotten Kylo’s pants undone and was tugging them sharply, yanking them down past Kylo’s hips to free his erection. Kylo pushed himself up on his elbows and looked down at Poe leaning up between his thighs. “Poe—” he began but dissolved into swearing when Poe’s mouth engulfed him. Poe had never been able to deep throat him, but he lowered his head halfway and closed his fist around the rest, and he didn’t falter when Kylo groaned and bucked his hips up. All sorts of things might have been possible there in the dream realm—things to rival what Kylo had imagined doing to Poe using the Force, even long after he’d left Poe, as his powers grew stronger. But just then, Kylo could think of nothing he wanted more than what he was already feeling, Poe’s lips wrapped around his erection, tongue against the underside of his shaft, and hands gripping and squeezing his spread thighs. Poe hummed around him, and Kylo locked his fingers into the curls of the pilot’s dark hair. Poe raised his eyes to look up at Kylo through his lashes, knowing, remembering the effect that gesture had always had. Kylo gritted his teeth and curled his toes as he tried to hold back, but he climaxed within seconds anyway, no more than a couple minutes after Poe had started going down on him. He got as far as gasping, “Fuck, Poe, I’m—” before he came; then he gave in and let it happen with quick, rough thrusts into Poe’s mouth as his cock pulsed. Poe closed his eyes and swallowed, and he kept sucking until Kylo had finished and drew back, cringing, as he became too sensitive to take any more. Poe sat back with his lips parted and his breath panting in short gasps. “I’m sorry,” Kylo mumbled, more out of embarrassment than in actual apology. “I didn’t want to come so fast.” “Don’t be sorry.” Poe flexed his jaw so that it popped and gave a regretful chuckle. “I can’t do it for very long. Never was any good at it, you’re too big.” Kylo scoffed, “Not good at it!” and surprised himself by laughing. A wave of dizziness washed through him as he sat up; then his head cleared and he looked down at the shorter man still kneeling beside the bed. As ridiculous as Kylo felt sitting there with his pants around his ankles, Poe was looking up at him with a kind of wonder. “You’re smiling,” Poe murmured. “I thought I’d never see your smile again—thought you’d never smile again for me , anyway.” “Poe. . . .” Kylo couldn’t think of anything worthy to say, just as he could never believe his smile would be worthy of Poe. He looked away as he drew his legs up to tug off first his boots, then his pants. Poe didn’t move until Kylo leaned forward and grasped his upper arms. “Come up here,” Kylo whispered. He pulled on Poe’s arms until the pilot rose and crawled up onto the bed, still clothed save for his shirt. Kylo embraced Poe and coaxed him to lie down, then dropped his hands to Poe’s waist. Poe was hard, and he groaned when Kylo rubbed a palm over his groin. “Please,” Poe muttered, “Ben, please. . . .” Kylo sat up to remove Poe’s shoes, smiling again to see the needy expression on the smaller man’s face. His smile held no triumph or arrogance at putting Poe at his mercy; instead, it was only tender. Kylo felt tenderness for the first time since he could remember, and he wanted nothing more than to bring pleasure to his lover. Not just my lover, he thought while he pulled Poe’s pants down and off his short, sculpted legs. My beloved. Kylo lay between Poe’s legs and caressed him, licking and kissing every inch of his flesh as Poe whimpered and writhed against his mouth, eventually locking his legs around Kylo’s shoulders and holding the larger man down to him. Only when Poe moaned, “Please, Ben, please let me come!” did Kylo close his mouth over his erection and suck. He worked his way down Poe’s shaft, relaxing his throat as much as he could and fighting back the urge to panic and choke, until his lips were wrapped around the base and he could swallow around the pilot’s cock. Poe pulled on his hair and held Kylo’s head down as he fucked his mouth. Poe was rough with him, exactly the way Kylo liked, and he felt himself start to stiffen again just as the pilot arched his back and groaned from deep in his chest. As soon as Poe’s fingers relaxed in his hair, Kylo pulled back and sucked the head of Poe’s cock to taste him as Poe finished. Poe collapsed on his back, and Kylo sat up. He coughed and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand, then lay down beside Poe with his head raised so he could see Poe’s face. The pilot’s eyes were closed, and he was still breathing hard. “Ben,” he whispered. His eyes opened and fixed on Kylo’s face. “I love you.” “I love you too.” Kylo kissed his forehead, then the end of his nose, then his lips. “Poe. . . .” He knew there was more to say than that, but he didn’t know how to say it. He didn’t want to say it. What he wanted to say was that he’d stay there in Serannian forever if it meant staying with Poe. But I can’t say that, Kylo thought as he bent his head over Poe and they looked at one another. Because he’d never agree, he wouldn’t give up real life to be with me—not with everything and everyone else he has to live for. And anyway, Kuranes thought he wanted to be here forever too, and now look at him, longing for the mundane in the midst of a world he created himself from his very dreams. Eventually, I’ll want to wake up too. Yet even so, waking up would mean losing Poe all over again, probably forever, and Kylo couldn’t face that, not yet. He kissed Poe again then sat up just long enough to pull the bedclothes back and slide under them. Poe scrabbled amidst the sheets to cover up too, and he tugged them up over himself and Kylo both. Kylo wrapped his arms around Poe, and the smaller man curled against him, fitting alongside Kylo’s body as he always had: perfectly. Kylo pressed his cheek to Poe’s hair, and for the second time, they slept within their sleep, and dreamed. -- To be continued Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the BenPoe Canon series Next Work →