It is in his dreams that Kylo Ren is weakest. Deep within the darkest reaches of the night, when his anger has quieted…it is then that his memories haunt him. They are insidious things, slithering up from far below to torment him; slashing and tearing at the heart he has spent nearly half a lifetime denying. He sees his mother there, sharp-eyed and brilliant. She looms large over the barren landscape of his sleeping mind – a woman of strength and passion and unrelenting integrity. It has been over a decade since last he stood before her, but in his dreams, he remembers her smile…her laugh…the warmth of her touch as she ran gentle fingers through his hair. There is a part of him that misses her still. It is small, but distinct – a phantom ache that feels exactly like the press of her lips upon his brow. He will never acknowledge this part of him, though his subconscious mind does its best to remind him. His father is a fleeting presence and far more difficult to pin down. He is there and gone again, just as he had been through all the years of Ben Solo’s childhood. Sometimes though…sometimes he is more solid and far too vivid. When his shadow shuffles up from the most deeply buried corners of memory, desperate and pleading – those are the worst times. He stands with his hand extended – but never, ever taken – before he falls and falls and falls away… Even in sleep, he shies away from that red-stained flicker of Han Solo. The pain that halos his father’s presence in his mind is a reminder of a failure that he refuses to own – a symptom of the weakness that was meant to have been exorcised at the end of his blade. That it exists still is infuriating…and more than a little distressing. His uncle is there as well, though he is an entirely different sort of ghost – less a figure than a feeling. Even within his own mind, there is no anger in Luke Skywalker. No, his old Master is the cool, serene presence that waits, always, on the very precipice of the chasm that is his guilt. It is narrow, but deep, this chasm; a jagged fissure that lies buried – as close to forgotten as he is physically capable of achieving. At the bottom of that gaping maw that should not exist, but does , lies – amongst far too many other things – the smoldering ruins of a ravaged temple and the scattered bodies of those that he had once called friends. The pull of the Light is strongest there, in the very place where he had first sought to extinguish it entirely. There is danger in the glow that emanates from those bloody, black depths; a danger that he recognizes and avoids, even in his sleep. It is a source of endless frustration for him, that lingering radiance. He has thrown his arms wide, embraced the Dark in every possible way he can imagine – in the worst possible way that he can imagine – and yet it remains. But when he sleeps… Hazel eyes, dripping tears even as they stare defiantly into his; lit from within by an intrinsic goodness that calls to him even as he recoils from it. When he sleeps, he finds himself face to face with the very things that he most wishes to forget. The same eyes, shut tight as the light of their crossed blades paint her delicate features in ever-shifting hues of red and blue and – occasionally – a mottled, mingled violet. And tonight… Those eyes again, staring down at him, dark with righteous fury as she stood, victorious, over his fallen form . Tonight – like too many nights, of late – he dreams of her . She is the newest addition to the pantheon of his nocturnal tortures and somehow, the most difficult to ignore. Throwing back the thin sheet that had twisted around his sweat-drenched body, Kylo Ren sits up before turning to drop his feet to the floor, relishing the chill bite of the bare metal against his skin. The air around him is cold as well, sending a shiver down his spine. At least, it is the air that he blames for the tremor that shakes him from head to toe. Awake now, he refuses to allow that anything – any one – else could be the cause of his discomposure. Dragging a furious hand backwards through his hair, palm grazing the very top of the scar that bisects his face, he steels himself against the echoes of his dream. He can feel it still – that strange and irresistible fascination . It had drawn him in from the moment he had first laid eyes on her and had grown with every word, every look, that had passed between them. It had nearly consumed him whole as he lay on the snow-covered ground at her feet, bleeding and beaten and awed … It was that very image that had woken him and it sticks even now to the backs of his eyes, refusing to be blinked away. It is an arresting portrait – she is luminous against the shadowed landscape; a bright beacon that calls to that small, steadfast flame that burns still within him. There is so much Light in her that even the memory of it makes the Darkness in him twitch and writhe and long to cast her out…and yet, she remains; refusing to be banished now , just as she had refused to be defeated then . He is going to have to kill her, of course – she is far too dangerous to leave alive. Or at least, that is what he has spent nearly a year telling himself. Now, with the image of her – strong and victorious – burned into his mind, he cannot help but envision how it will be if – when – they face one another again… Shoving himself to his feet, he crosses the room to where his discarded clothing lies, draped over the back of the single, narrow chair. He dresses in contemplative silence, burying himself beneath layer upon layer of coarse, black fabric; the itch of the weave is an odd sort of comfort as it rasps across his skin. His shoulders relax beneath the weight of his chosen armor, and a puff of relief escapes from between the tight line of his generous lips. He feels more himself already, and he pulls on his gloves and lets his mind continue on its course, picturing himself striking her – the girl; the lonely little scavenger – down with the same ruthless efficiency that he has shown to countless other foes. He pictures himself, red saber raised high…he pictures her , the light finally going out of her eyes… He shudders; freshly gloved fingers clench into a fist. He hopes that it does not come to that – that Luke Skywalker will be less than predictable for once, and keep his newest devotee far from the battlefields that will inevitably lay between their two warring factions. That he hopes such a thing…well…it does nothing for his temper and so he grits his teeth and settles his mask over his head, finding even greater comfort in the confined darkness that engulfs him. He sweeps out of the single cabin aboard the small ship that had been allotted him for this journey and stalks toward the cockpit. Settling himself into the pilot’s seat, he checks the instruments, finding that he is still two hours out from Alvorine. He sighs, annoyed. The time cannot pass quickly enough. There is too much silence on this ship...and even more inside his head. The distraction of the mission that lays before him is a tantalizing thing, though he cannot, in all honesty, say that he looks forward to traipsing through an unknown landscape in search of something that may or may not even exist . But orders are orders and his lay on Alvorine – a backwater of a planet, if ever there was one. The Supreme Leader was very specific in his direction and so Kylo Ren will obey to the letter. He will search the ruins of the ancient – and apparently Sith – temple recently uncovered by a mining survey crew. If a holocron exists to be found, he will uncover it…and then, perhaps, Snoke will finally – finally – declare his training complete. When he gets what he wants, he’ll crush you. You know it’s true. The words whisper through his mind, but he brushes them aside carelessly. Han Solo had, he knew, imagined himself to be imparting a rather shocking warning. Little had the old man known that it had been an utterly unnecessary one. Of course Snoke will crush him, if given the chance – it is the natural way of things amongst the Sith. But Kylo Ren has no intention of allowing his Master that chance. Instead, he fully intends to take it for himself. First . Even on Jakku, she had heard the stories. Tales of the Empire…of the Rebellion…of the Jedi. Though the bulk of her dreaming had been of starships, there had been times – now and again – when she had reached toward the highest star of all… What must it have been like, she had wondered, to be a Jedi ? She still wonders, sometimes, though the largest part of her has grown fully resigned to the fact that she will never bear that title. The possibility, she could admit, had been intriguing…while it lasted. The reality, she had been assured – repeatedly – would not have lived up to her expectations. Or something like that. Frankly, she had been so shocked by his refusal to even consider training her to be a Jedi, that she hadn’t paid much attention past the initial ‘no’ . Curled over the body of her speeder, Rey weaves between the thick trunks of very tall trees and in and out of the dappled shadows cast by the sun trickling down through their heavy boughs. Her eyes focus forward, even as her mind travels back; ten months fall away and she is once more standing before Luke Skywalker on a rocky, sea-soaked hilltop, heart in her throat and stomach in her boots. The man she had found on Ahch-To was far more broken than anyone had imagined he might be. She took some comfort in the fact that he had, at the very least, agreed to guide her toward a more general knowledge of the Force. It wasn’t at all what she’d hoped for, but it was better than nothing. Looking back, she isn’t sure why she was surprised. Life, she has found, has a peculiar way of never being what you want it to be; rather, it is no more than what you make for yourself. Which is precisely what she has been doing for the past months – making the best sort of life for herself that she can manage. The one truly helpful thing that Luke Skywalker had done for her had been to encourage her to learn as much as she could about the Force independently. She had taken the advice and run with it all over the galaxy, seeking knowledge where she could. It has worked, to a certain extent; her knowledge has grown, as have her abilities. More than even that though, the experiences have been…illuminating. Educational in a way that is wholly separate from mystical energies and ancient wisdom. She has changed a great deal from the girl she had been all those months ago – though not in the ways that anyone would expect. The Rey of then had been cautious – overly so; spending nearly fifteen years waiting for life to come back to her. She had also been boundlessly cheerful and far too quick to bow to the wishes of others. The Rey of now , well… she is still that girl, by and large. She remains boundlessly optimistic, far too accommodating and she is still far too eager for approval for her own liking. No…where the true difference lies, is in both the quality and the quantity of her caution. What had once been default behavior for her, has become calculated instead. She still knows how to be cautious, she has simply become choosier about exercising the ability. As she curves sharply around a particularly large tree, turning until her body is nearly parallel to the grassy ground tearing by beneath her, Rey smiles beneath her helmet and scarf. Life, she has decided, is far too short to always be careful . The trees fall away suddenly, the brightness of the unobstructed light nearly blinding as the land before her opens up into a swath of wide, flat plain. It is dotted here and there with the tall, twisting spires of crystal that Alvorine is known for, but none of them stand between her speeder and the edge of the plateau that falls away sharply half a mile ahead. Rey’s grin widens and pressing her heels down, she accelerates hard, reveling in the adrenaline that spikes through her blood. There is a time and a place for caution, and this…this is absolutely not it … Less than fifty feet from the edge, she pushes her toes down, braking hard. Her speeder kicks sideways before it skids to a stop just shy of the drop off. Hopping off, she walks to the edge and peers down into the valley below. It isn’t terribly deep – perhaps only a hundred feet or so down to the grass-covered floor below the canopy of trees that loom above it – but it is far wider than she had anticipated and she narrows her eyes, skimming over the tree tops and attempting to pick out some sign of the temple complex that is said to have been found there. Her eyes drift to the west and suddenly, she feels it. It is faint – a mere flicker of power; old power – but it is enough. She knows her course now. Half an hour later, she stumbles across the first, crumbling remains of what must be the temple complex. She lays a palm against the stone, shivering to feel that faded, tremble of power vibrating up toward her from deep inside. There is an edge to it – a wildness that is somehow both exhilarating and terrifying all at once. It is also oddly… familiar … Rey’s eyes slip shut as memory stirs. In the theater of her mind – and much against her will – a crackling red blade crashes against pale blue, casting a purple shadow that makes her shiver. The Dark side . Her eyes fly open and she pulls her hand back from the stone as if it has burnt her, this entire trip suddenly feeling far more dangerous than it had only moments before. She had assumed – perhaps naively – that this temple would prove Jedi in origin. Certainly none of the information she had managed to gather on it had suggested otherwise. But now she is beginning to suspect that this is an abandoned Sith temple…and that changes things quite a lot. Wavering now, though still curious, Rey weighs her options. It only takes her a moment to come to the conclusion that she has come too far to turn back now . Knowledge is knowledge, be it Dark or Light in origin…and if there is anything to be found here, it is far better that she find it before Snoke and his ilk can claim it. Decided, she moves further into the overgrown ruins, one hand wrapped tightly around the hilt of the lightsaber that hangs from her belt; a gift from Luke Skywalker. The very least he could do, he had claimed. Rey suspects that he simply hadn’t been able to bear the thought of reclaiming it for himself. There is little in the way of fight left in the last living Jedi, it seems. The ground beneath her boots is thick with leaf litter which crunches beneath her boots, so she steps carefully, toeing beneath the top layer of ground cover before stepping fully. It works, mostly, and the sound of her footfalls virtually disappears amidst the sounds of nature that teem around her. As she advances, the buildings grow larger – though no less time-worn – and more frequent until finally she finds herself on the edge of what must once have been a large, open square. She can pick out the remnants of half-collapsed black-stone buildings surrounding the edges of the space, but the bulk of her attention is stolen by what is clearly the temple proper. It is an enormous structure, covered over with all manner of creeping flora. It is black, like all the stone she has seen in this region of the planet so far and – most magnificently of all – it looks as if it has been carved out of the escarpment that rings this odd little valley. Rey is entranced by the sight and stands straight, one hand lifting to push her goggles up onto her forehead so that she can admire the structure without obstruction. It is, of course, in this single moment of inattention that everything goes spectacularly wrong… From somewhere just off to her left, there comes a faint, but unmistakable rumbling. Rey whips around, eyes seeking the source of the sound – a low, earthen grumble – just as a dark silhouette comes barreling out of one of several even darker cave entrances cut out of the rocky, valley wall. There is something immediately familiar – in the worst of all possible ways – about that black-garbed figure, but Rey barely has a moment to examine the sudden rush of something that hits her when another shape comes tearing out of the cave… And this shape… This shape is something else entirely and Rey stumbles backwards, tripping over a toppled column and landing flat on her back. Turning herself around, she presses up against the fallen stone cylinder; staying low to prevent being seen but peeking just over the top, eyes locked on the enormous, segmented body of the insectoid thing that is clearly furious at having been disturbed. Rey is just on the verge of deciding to help the poor soul on the receiving end of that fury when another sound tears through the valley. A lightsaber ignites, crackling ominously, and as she watches – eyes on the telling red glow of the blade – two vents of excess energy ignite on either side of the hilt. She knows that weapon; has felt the heat of its blade far too intimately for her peace of mind. Across the valley floor, Kylo Ren swings his weapon in a wide arc and the insect-creature – easily four times his size – lets out a low, hissing screech of mingled pain and rage. From her relatively safe distance, Rey watches the battle between man and beast with far less distress than she had only moments ago. It would be him , she thought to herself viciously. Of all people, it would be him . In the months since last she laid eyes on his murderous face, she has done her very best to keep any thoughts of Kylo Ren to the very barest minimum. Something made particularly difficult by the fact of his true identity. Luke Skywalker might not have been willing to train her to be a Jedi, but he had at least welcomed her as a strange sort of friend. She had spent countless hours with him – gleaning what knowledge she could. Over the course of those conversations, he has spoken far more than she would have preferred on the subject of Kylo Ren. He remains – despite all evidence to the contrary – positively adamant that there is still good to be found in his wayward nephew. That Ben Solo exists still, buried somewhere deep inside the Darkness that has claimed him. Claimed him , Luke always says. As if Kylo Ren had not made a choice, once upon a time. As if he were not still making those same choices, over and over and over again. Frankly, Rey has little patience for the subject. She is also far less confident of this mythical good that supposedly burns within him. She certainly hadn’t felt it that night in the woods… She opened her eyes, flush with the power that she only now recognized as the Force, to find him watching her – their crossed blades still locked together. His eyes – darker for the light that played across his angular face – stared down at her in…in… Wonder… Rey presses her lips together beneath her scarf, shaking her head slightly to rid herself of the unwanted memory. She doesn’t want to think on that time. Certainly not now . No. Now , she would far rather expend her energy in cheering on the beast who is even now keening its hatred for the masked man as it lunges toward him with obviously malicious purpose. Before she can even form the non-verbal encouragement she wishes to offer, Kylo Ren dodges the attack and then parries with an even more vicious one of his own. A moment later, the beast falls with a ground-trembling thump. Rey glares at it, annoyed, before dropping swiftly down behind her concealing column of stone. Its defeat has just made her life so much more difficult… A minute passes and silence reigns now – even the birds have gone silent; only the crackle and pop of the would-be Sith Lord’s lightsaber breaks it. Rey waits, one hand clutching her own answering weapon tight to her chest. “It is pointless to hide,” comes the darkly familiar, electronically modified baritone of Kylo Ren. Heart pounding with growing fear, Rey can hear the crunch of leaves beneath his boots as he takes slow, measured steps toward her. “I can sense your presence… padawan .”