Chapter 1: Sasha In spite of her battered body, aching muscles and the lingering taste of blood, she’s still alive. But Sasha knows her chances of staying alive are becoming slimmer and slimmer by the second. The radiators shut on, blowing in another gust of freezing air, making her shiver. As a child, her mother told her tales of her adventures as a pilot for the original Rebel Alliance; harrowing tales of spilt blood and sacrifices made by her comrades and loved ones. But there were also tales of courage and of nobility in those sacrifices, how they drove the Alliance to keep fighting despite the odds. After Shara Blouse was killed in a tragic freighter accident, Sasha vowed to follow in her war hero mother’s footsteps. Became a pilot. Flew for the Republic and later for the General herself, like her mother before her. She prides herself on all her accomplishments so far, striving to become the best soldier she can be. And now, held captive deep within the belly of the beast, she thinks that she’s about to be tested for the final time. Sasha's stomach growls desperately. She wonders if it was a good idea to spit out the damned lab grown potato one of the "nicer" interrogators had "offered" her. That one actually had the guts to try to convince her , Commander Sasha Blouse, former leader of the New Republic's Rapier Squad and the pride and joy of the Resistance's Blue Squadron, to betray her own people in exchange for a shitty meal? The doors to her cell slide open. Kylo Rin slowly walks in to take seat before her. The doors shut with a resounding clang . "Sasha Blouse.” The processor distorting Rin’s voice gives it an icy, intimidating edge. “I didn't know we had the best pilot in the Resistance on board with us today," the dark warrior greets. "Comfortable?” Sasha fights the urge to laugh. "You’re hilarious. Right now I'm freezing my ass off and missing a tooth to boot. Give my thanks to the wonderful guest services around here. Who, by the way, aren't very good with this whole interrogation business. Might wanna rethink your hiring process. And your technique." The dark warrior ignores her mockery. "None of them were able to get through to you. What you did with the map. However...." Rin extends a gloved hand, hovering it over Sasha's sweat-slicked forehead. "That should no longer be a problem." Whatever Rin’s doing, it hurts. It feels like her skull has become a furnace, melting her brains with its heat. With a flick of Rin’s wrist Sasha’s head is thrust back into her chair, making her bite her lip. She wills herself not to scream or cry. "Where is the map ?" the Sith apprentice asks coldly. Sasha stares at the long slit in Rin’s helmet, thinking about what lies past the metallic cowl. She imagines Rin staring back at her through the slit, with changed eyes; eyes that have transformed from those of a sweet and shy little girl to that of a brutal killer, shrouded in darkness. She knows that those eyes will be blind from the light forever. "No matter how far you go, it isn't worth it. The Resistance will never be scared of you, Mikasa ." The pain suddenly increases in intensity, and Sasha knows she has only made things worse for herself. She knows she must die from this agony: she must not betray everything the Resistance has fought for for so long. But her will is starting to waver. If circumstances would have her become a martyr, she shall allow them to. But even as she wishes for it all to end, death isn’t coming as quickly as she'd hoped. " Where. Is. It ." Rin demands again, patience clearly waning. Her determination breaks. Everything she's strived for falls through. The mission, getting captured...it's all over for her. Resolve shattered, Sasha whispers a silent apology, not just to everyone she’s betraying, but to herself as well. And she screams. Notes: For anyone wondering, no, Kylo Rin isn't a typo, it's my own way of feminizing Kylo Ren's name. But God, I'm so in love with the idea of Sasha being the best (and sexiest) tater eating backtalking pilot in the galaxy. As for Mikasa, the reason I made her Kylo Ren is because I felt that they both shared a certain characteristic that motivates them as people: their desire for strength and power. Mikasa strives to be strong not only to protect Eren but also because she believes that the world preys on those who are weak. Kylo wants to be powerful so he can live up to his grandfather's legacy. I know, it's still a bit of a long reach but I hoped the connection could feel at least somewhat plausible? Either way, feel free to let me know what you think in the comments :)