Hux had learned of Ren’s history a short time after they’d been introduced--Supreme Leader Snoke explained it in full to him, saying that if they were to work in tandem, large secrets would be only prove to be setbacks. In truth, Hux thought nothing of Ren’s heritage on most days. The difference between Solo and his son was gaping, and Hux found it was easier to simply know this fact, to be able to say the words instead of thinking about it too much or trying to understand it. Besides, his associate wasn’t Ben Solo anymore. He was Kylo Ren. Sometimes, however, Hux found that even though (surely) the best way to go about things was to maintain a slightly distant, shallow relationship with Ren, he was...curious. The day he’d stumbled upon this phenomenon was the first time he witnessed one of Ren’s “outbursts.” Ren had acquired fractured wrist in training and Leader Snoke had banned him from leaving the base, concerned—or, as close to concerned as Leader Snoke could come—about his precious protégé injuring himself any further. Ren was, of course, furious when he discovered that the civilians the troops were setting out to capture were prominent leads in the search for a relic from the old Empire. Hux had been on his way to inform Ren of a meeting with Supreme Leader Snoke within the hour when he’d come across the very man he’d been seeking out in his quarters, smashing his desk and chair. His lightsaber was nowhere to be seen (Hux supposes now that Leader Snoke had confiscated it) and his knuckles were thatched with red. Hux had stood there in the doorway for a moment, letting Ren ride out his anger, before clearing his throat to make himself known. It had taken a few tries. When he finally did capture Ren’s attention, the Knight’s face was clouded with a mixture of embarrassment, rage, pain, and, strangest and most confusing of all, absolute fear, which looked like it had been manifested in Ren’s features since before Hux’s entry. Hux was struck by this unguarded display of emotion, nearly blown backward from the stronger feelings that shot through the Force, and found himself urging Ren to calm down. “I don’t need your guidance ,” Ren had remarked irritably. Hux got a grip on his actions, stepping away from the mess of a human pooled on the red-speckled floor. He decided to move forward with business. “Supreme Leader Snoke has requested our presence.” He’d spoken with no other intention, tone clear and authoritative. “Very well,” Ren replied to the floor. Hux resisted the urge to shake his head disappointedly at the Knight. He sighed. “Come on, get up.” Ren looked confusedly up at Hux, traces of embarrassment still lingering on his face. Nevertheless, he obeyed, rising shakily to his feet and drawing himself to his full height. Hux gazed up at his unmasked face, trying with his meek Force sensitivity to find some answer for Ren’s rush of emotion. However, Ren’s shields were impenetrable with years of practice of hiding his thoughts. A tiny smirk appeared on Ren’s mouth, most likely a response to feeling Hux probe his defenses. “Alright?” Hux asked quietly, and the small smile faded. Ren opened his mouth as if to say something, but evidently decided not to. Instead, Hux felt a light brush at his own mind, an invitation. He hesitated, and then complied, lowering his weak shields skeptically. Ben Solo is not dead. The intensity of this one mere thought slipping from Ren’s mind to his made lightening streak down to his knees, which gave out. Ren grabbed his arms reflexively, holding him up for a moment while he regained his balance. “Did you…” Ren began in bewilderment. “Did you understand?” “The words?” Hux felt breathless. “Yes. Is that abnormal?” “Yes.” Hux watched Ren bite his bottom lip thoughtfully. “I’ve tried to before but it’s never…no one’s ever understood the words.” Hux swallowed in an attempt to get rid of a dry patch in his throat. Ren’s breath was labored, matching Hux’s own, as if the connection had been his first as well. “Ben Solo?” Hux inquired tentatively. “Was that…Han Solo’s son?” Ren exhaled in annoyance. “I know you know.” “I’m aware of your knowing.” Hux paused. “But he is…gone, is he not?” Something changed in Ren’s face again, and he leaned back slightly. Hux felt wariness and disappointment seeping from the other man. He amended himself. “I assumed he was gone. I’m not…you can speak to me about him, if you wish.” Ren looked distrustful, but relaxed soon enough. A long silence passed before he dared to look into Hux’s eyes once again, and Hux was met by the questioning touch of Ren’s consciousness. This time he let him in fully, bracing himself for whatever Ren was to send along their little link. He realized, as the images flowed bright and hard into him, that there could have been no adequate preparation. All at once he felt with the most central and rudimentary part of his being the struggle that was encased in Ren’s mind—a battle between dark and light. He saw and felt and tasted the world Ben—no, Kylo—no, Ren —had grown up in, had learned everything in, had become human in. How it called to him, how it had been calling to him, and how he was barely resisting the urge to answer it. How he was afraid every time he lashed out in anger, afraid of hurting others and afraid of having that fear. How he was afraid of disappointment. How he was afraid of Leader Snoke. How he was afraid of Hux. Afraid of Hux. Ren is afraid of me. Hux stared defiantly into Ren’s eyes and felt something drop, mental walls that he hadn’t even been aware were up. Ren shivered visibly at the weight of Hux’s full existence, his plights and his dreams and, of course, his fears. Hux watched Ren sift through everything Hux had to offer, eyes widening in surprise at some moments and heartbroken understanding ripping across his features at others. When he returned to the present, Ren carried a new awareness in his expression. “You’re afraid,” they murmured together, twin words curling around each other in the Force. “We are all afraid,” Hux whispered, hearing his voice echo in his own ears. Kylo—no, Ren—no, Kylo —stared into him, wonder sprinkled over every line and crease on his face. Though it was feeble, Hux had never felt anything as powerfully consuming as the bond that now stretched between him the Knight. He was reveling in it when a remembrance came to him with a jolt. “Leader Snoke will be wondering what became of us,” Hux stated with purpose. Realization and dread slowly spread over Kylo’s face. Shit, he said in Hux’s head. Hux wasn’t sure if he’d intended to. “Leader Snoke won’t appreciate our lateness,” Kylo said, hurriedly making his way over to a small closet to retrieve his mask. “Wait,” Hux blurted. Kylo slowed his motions, turning to face Hux. Hux cleared his throat nervously. “Leave it.” Their eye contact burned and fizzed and popped; the Force crackled in the room. Kylo returned his helmet to the closet, something like affectionate surprise and disbelief reaching out to Hux. Hux flushed, backing out of the room with a nod of his head. He walked until Kylo caught up with him. ~*~ Kylo’s rage burned inside him as he took out the control panel with his lightsaber, the same fear of hurting those around him and hatred for himself mixing with the pure frustration of the map to Luke Skywalker having slipped from his grasp once more. “ Ren! ” he heard from a voice shouting behind him. Hux’s now powerful influence on his mind made him to turn and face the other man. A few terrified-looking officers surrounded him, but Kylo paid them no mind. Hux strode over to Kylo, grabbing his collar in feigned hostility. I’m here, he spoke in Kylo’s mind. It’s alright. Speak to me. The droid escaped. And it had assistance. Hux looked almost sympathetic for a moment. Are you feeling the call? Yes. Are you afraid? Yes. Hux loosened his grip, stepping back slightly. A hidden smile crept to his mouth, one Kylo had grown accustomed to in the previous few months. “Don’t be,” Hux said simply. And Kylo felt himself obeying. Don’t be.