How did she get in this situation again? Oh right. Kylo Ren. The insatiable beast currently on top of her. The smug knight looking at her with that handsome insufferable smirk of his, eyes dark with desire. The knight who also happens to be her lover. [Y/N] sighs, twisting her wrists in the metal bonds above her head, securely attached to the bed’s head frame. Kylo Ren and her hold eye contact as he peppers light kisses on her stomach, palming her breasts in the palm of his hand while gently kneading them. [Y/N]’s breath hitches as his calloused thumb brushes against her stiffened nipple and looking below Kylo Ren’s hovering body, she can see his flushed cock bounce upwards once in response. He always likes hearing her sexual noises. Kylo Ren let’s out a shuddering breath as he stares deep in [Y/N]’s eyes and moves further down her body. With his pliant, full lips he places open mouthed kisses along her hips, sliding his hands with fingers spread across the length he just worshiped. [Y/N] gasps at the sensation, arching her back to push her body more into her lover’s firm hands. His hands aren’t gentle but not too rough either. He’s pressing them into her skin, almost massaging her muscles and curves with his palms and fingers as he’s slowly moving more south. When Kylo Ren finally reaches his destination he slides his knees down till he’s laying flush against the cool sheets, taking in a steady breath at both the sensation and the utter, feminine scent coming from his woman’s flower. [Y/N] naturally blushes and turns her head. Kylo Ren chuckled darkly. “Come now love,” he begins with his deep, rumbling voice. “I have done this so many times to you before. There is no need to be shy.” the knight places a soft kiss on her pubis, just above a soft patch of curls that [Y/N] neatly keeps groomed. Kylo Ren’s hands are on her hips now before slowly moving inward, massaging her thighs. “Kylo- ah! ” [Y/N]’s sentence gets cut off as she gives a surprised gasp, feeling the long nose of her lover nudge between her folds. Her hips buck and he gives a soft chuckle, a content smile on his face as he nudges her legs wider. “Hush now.” his flushed face meets [Y/N]’s equally reddened one with intense eyes. “I have you.” With the last rumbling word out of his mouth he shatters his lover’s world as he eagerly dives in. He’s all tongue as he probes her entrance, having a little taste of her delicious juices before sliding it up firmly and repeating the motion several times. [Y/N] moans and tries to cover her face by bringing her elbows together, but Kylo’s having none of that. He wants to look at her as he’s bringing her this pleasure, wants to see it twist her face so desperately. Her elbows are being forced apart by an invisible force as she writhes against his ministrations. His hands aren’t idle either. Kylo slides his fingers to the folds of his [Y/N]’s sex, parting her lower lips with a surprising gentleness for a man like him. His hands are large, covering [Y/N] parted lips along with the apex of her thighs. He massages them, moving his hands firmly up and down gently. While she’s spread for him like this, he can see her engorged clit, begging for his attention. Her labia is flushed and slightly swollen from arousal, glistening with his spit. Kylo Ren let’s out another shuddering breath at the sight, grinding his own arousal against the sheets for a moment before he indulges himself again in [Y/N]’s taste. Now with easier access, nothing is holding him back from assaulting her throbbing clit with everything he’s got. He’s flicking his tongue left to right wildly, then swirling it around, before flicking it up and down for several seconds. He’s wild, suckling and mouthing and licking his lover’s beautiful sex with abandon. If there’s ever a favorite thing he would name to do in bed, it was this. He looks up at [Y/N], with her back arched and her head pressed down with scrunched eyebrows. Her mouth is open, breasts moving up and down wildly as she tries to control her breathy moans. He groans at the sight, pressing against her more firmly, not relenting on her little bud whatsoever as he presses a long finger of his in her wet hole. It’s tight, gripping at him in rhythmical motions, both pulling him in deeper and pushing him out again. [Y/N] let’s a loud moan escape her lips and tugs at the metal restraint harshly, trying to hold her hips as still as possible for him as he does this. The sensation of his finger inside her while her clit is constantly being stimulated proves too much however and sends her over the edge. Kylo Ren delights as his lover’s hips move up and down, pressing herself further into him and trying to get away from his questing tongue at the same time. He moans himself, his shaft almost painfully hard and leaking slightly as he looks upon her with half lidded eyes. Her body in the throes of passion, glistening with a sheen of sweat and moving with the sensations in a most sensual manner. [Y/N]’s torso rises and twists and she moans, her hips trying to shy away from her lover as he continues his onslaught. Her clit is burning, she’s burning, his touch is too much and it takes a while before she can hear herself pleading with him. “Stop! St-op! I- oh! ” Her voice pitches and grows louder as he, quite smugly, ignores her pleas and pushes her through her pleasure. Somewhere along the way he’s added another finger, thrusting them in and out in a steady rhythm, not too slow, not too fast. His wicked tongue on the other hand is anything but merciful. [Y/N] cries out as he continues swirling his expert tongue on her throbbing pleasure button, curling around it before sucking lightly then going back to flicking it rapidly. He’s breathing heavily now and [Y/N] can feel it, his hot breaths warming her vulva even more. Every time he pushes his fingers in and out, her body’s copious amount of love juice makes a filthy slick, wet sound, turning her face even brighter and encouraging Kylo even more. He moans as he grinds his hips against the mattress for a second before reigning his overflowing desire and lust in and focusing on loving his woman again. He’s curling his fingers now, finding that slightly raised spot inside of her easily and bumping against it, making [Y/N] sob and moan and buck wildly before he’s forced to restrain her hips by wrapping a muscular arm around on top of her, effectively restraining her. [Y/N] doesn’t know what to do, her eyes are wide as her body is wrecked with inconceivable amounts of pleasure. She can’t stop the tears or moans from escaping her as she’s helpless to his mouth and hands, near breathless as she can feel his fingers start to move faster and harder against that special spot inside of her. Before she knows it, a second, more powerful orgasm races through her and she can’t even make a sound. Her mouth is open, her eyes tightly squeezed shut and she can feel her sex gushing and throbbing. His fingers are removed quickly and are replaced by his lips as he shoves his tongue inside of [Y/N], closing his eyes in ecstasy and moaning like a man who hasn’t had water in weeks. [Y/N]’s shuddering gasps and desperate moans bring him back to reality and he back off slightly, grinding his hips against the mattress harshly. He groans and nuzzles against the inside of [Y/N]’s thigh, leaving a wet smear against her skin before biting at the the flesh gently. “I-I can’t, Kylo …” [Y/N] sounds utterly exhausted as her body lays still on the bed, her arms hanging limply from the restraint. With a small notion he reaches up as the restraints come off, setting them on a nightstand before his hands caress her body gently, his hands gliding over her legs, hips and shoulders before he kisses her on the mouth passionately. His lips press against [Y/N]’s firmly, his chin still wet from her sex’s secretions and she can taste herself on him as she kisses back with whatever energy she has left. He moans and leans back, his eyes flashing determinedly. “Yes you can. Come for me, one more time.” [Y/N] begins to shake her head desperately before she can feel his length slowly enter her. Her sensitive flesh twitches, her legs trembling as she grabs onto him for dear life. Kylo’s muscular arms wrap around her torso, holding her tightly to him as a hand cradles her head to his neck. He thrusts his hips fluidly, but with enough force and depth to bump against that spot again continuously. [Y/N]’s arms wrap around her lover much the same as his, tightly holding on before gripping onto his dark locks. With every thrust a breathless moan escapes her and she can feel him speeding up, grunting against her shoulder and kissing her neck. A hand slides between their tightly pressed, slick bodies before finding it’s destination. Kylo’s rough fingers move against her burning, poor, abused little clit, pressing his hand against her tightly before he can feel her insides spasming and clutching around his girth tightly. He groans and bites at her neck as he thrusts deep inside of [Y/N] one last time, emptying his seed, thick, white ropes of semen filling her up to the brim. Kylo Ren’s shaft twitches inside of her as he holds their bodies close. He can feel her wildly trembling legs move beside his hips and grasps onto one, gently moving the quivering limb to encase around his back. They’re a mess, shiny with sweat, their thighs and hips glistening with sexual juices, hands entangled in each other’s hair and breathing heavily. Kylo Ren slowly moves back after leaving a kiss on [Y/N]’s neck only to look upon her tear stained but peaceful, sleeping state. He smirks and captures the view to look back on later as he slowly removes himself from inside of her. Her limbs still twitch occasionally, especially her leg muscles, so he moves to his side and pulls her closer to him as well. They’re face to face, their noses touching as he envelops her in his arms, wiping remaining tear tracks away. Her soft skin is soothing him, their pleasure coming down from a high slowly but surely. They’ve discussed this before. Him giving her ultimate pleasure and crossing her limits was something they both enjoyed doing. The first time they did this he was reluctant, but now he knew the tears and screams were testimony of the pleasure his love can bring her. [Y/N] snuggles closer and deeper against his body, nose brushing against his sternum. His heart seems to swell and beat even stronger as he gazes at her, his beautiful lover. Tomorrow will be yet another day of putting on his mask and dealing with the Resistance. But for now... For now there’s just them and he’s content. His soft gaze slips closed as the knight, too, succumbs to sleep.