"It's all right if you want to stay." It had been a few weeks since they'd begun these late-night rendevous, and a several days since Kylo Ren had begun offering Hux the option of spending the night in his bed. Ren never looked at him when he said it; when they finished, he would roll over, facing the wall, cocoon himself in the sheets, and drift off, leaving Hux to retrieve his rumpled clothes from the floor and attempt to put some sort of order back into his appearance. "No, thanks." Hux replied, as he always did, shrugging into his shirt. He frowned, in the midst of adjusting his collar. These trysts had become much too obvious. Phasma had the corridors patrolled and security stations manned around the clock, and Hux knew their Stormtroopers were more than cognizant enough to notice their general coming and going from Kylo Ren's quarters at such odd hours. Particularly, Hux noted, catching sight of his dishevelment reflected in the metal bulkhead across the room, when said general continually emerged from Ren's chambers in varying states of... disarry. He sighed. When he thought of it that way, perhaps acceptance of Ren's offer was really the lesser of two evils. "Fine." He said aloud, without bothering to check if Ren was even still awake. Hux let his shirt slide from his shoulders before folding it neatly and setting it beside the bed where it could be easily retrieved it in the morning. Wresting a corner of blanket out from under Ren's prone form, Hux laid back stiffly against the pillows, doing his best to get comfortable, without getting too comfortable with the sleeping form beside him. *********** Hux was roused in the early morning because he was being smothered. At some point while they slept, Kylo Ren had sprawled out, draping himself over the general, arm and leg trapping Hux beneath him. Something felt wet on his neck, and Hux managed to squirm on hand free to wipe Ren's drool off himself with a grimace. In his sleep, Kylo Ren looked much more peaceful than he did while awake. His face was smooth and still. Lesser of two evils, Hux reminded himself. It was really still too early to leave yet.