Ben Solo was an idiot. Ben Solo was an idiot who could go get eaten by a Wampa for all she cared. The angry footsteps could be heard all around the lonely bamboo forest, their owner not caring if anyone or anything tried to attack her. In all honesty she was sure she could take every single creature in this forest and win without a second glance! That’s how angry she was! She kept stomping along, the thoughts of the small interaction between the second Jedi Master and his new Jedi who were probably training too bloody close to one another. “Oh? Like this Master Solo?” Rey stopped to press herself back onto a bamboo stick, her hands sticking out as if she were holding a lightsaber, “Or do my hands need to go lower~?” She immediately stepped behind the bamboo and made an air motion of fixing the position with a charming smile, “No you are correct Miila, you are improving so quickly.” “Well with you training me I am sure I will be able to accomplish anything~” The innocent bamboo tree was left slashed as Rey groaned in frustration, her breath finally settling as she deactivated her lightsaber. Why was she so angry? Everyone respected Ben! He was a wonderful Jedi Master, a skilled user in the Force, and a highly challenging sparring opponent for everyone except for her. They were both skilled and equal in their power so why was Rey feeling like she was losing a battle? The girl sighed as her loud footsteps soon melted into the quiet rustling of the forest, taking her to a small pond that reflected the sunny sky. Rey knelt down before looking at herself. She had changed a lot these past few years. She was no longer a scavenger but a Jedi Master who wished to bring forth a new generation of Jedi’s that would stand for all that was part of the Light in the galaxy. Yet, how can she even pretend to teach them when she couldn’t control emotions such as this! The girl touched her cheek before pushing it up, inspecting her face in the reflection. Her skin was too dark compared to the beautiful Senators who spoke with Ben and her about the politics of the Republic and laughed a bit too annoyingly when he kissed their hands. It wasn’t even that big of a deal he was just saying goodbye in a polite way! Her hair was too messy, never really staying in one place but instead the three buns would bounce weirdly whenever she sparred with one of her students. She swears she caught Ben smiling at her once before turning away while she was in battle. Probably thinking that they looked childish… There were more details she could speak of but a small drop rippled her face, the girl looking up and scrunching her nose as a drop fell on top of it. It was raining. She stood up and immediately went into the forest, hoping to seek shelter.Rey didn’t mind rain but she didn’t exactly want to be soaking wet whenever she came back into the academy. The girl found that if she stood particularly still in one certain spot, she could remain dry until the rain stops and she needed to find her way back to the academy. So she stood there, arms crossed and eyes glaring at nothing in particular. Ben Solo was an idiot… Ben Solo was an idiot…that she wished would look only at her. A pink blush spread on her cheeks as she glared harder, a random rock breaking from the sheer Force in her stare making her jump before her back collided with something hard and warm. Rey turned around only to be met by a random piece of cloth being shoved in her face and a worried voice that she would not care to admit was making her happier than when she got to fly Poe’s ‘baby girl.’ “Why did you run off like that Rey?” She moved so that the cloth was no longer blocking her sight as she turned her body so that she was right next to Ben Solo, under the small shelter made out of cloth that he was holding up for them. Instead of answering his question right away, she simply looked away and crossed her arms once again. “You…You know why Solo.” “No. I don’t know why. That is why I am standing here almost as if I were enjoying the feeling of getting wet.” Rey had to laugh at that. His humor was so strange sometimes but it always made her feel refreshed. She shook her head before looking down, laughing at herself this time. The rain kept going but neither of them moved, the girl wishing she could say something to him. To say that she was jealous that someone else got to study and train under him while she could only watch. Mad that she could never be as decent looking as those girls who were found in homes whose families were proud that their child had such a special gift. Or happy that Ben had actually braved this non-threatening rain to come find her and was currently holding up his own cloak to keep them safe. She tried to convey all those words and feelings…but simply leaning against him. The girl felt him stiffen as the cape moved a bit, rain dropping on her cheeks as her sight remained on the ground. Was he feeling nervous? Why was he…? “I think your buns are cute.” Rey blinked before looking up at him, “Wait…Solo were you inside my head when—!” “The other Jedi’s are my students. Yes they are decent looking but they honestly pale in comparison to what you have. You have power Rey, pure and raw power that any of them wished they had. Hell I am pretty sure some of them are more in love and in awe of you than they are of me.” he is looking away which was good…she didn’t know if she could face him with how red she was. “…and I was worried that you would get sick out here. So of course I would brave this. I’m Ben Solo. ” She looked at him before smiling as she looked at particularly nothing again, feeling him shift as she leaned against him a bit more. “We should head back to the academy.” she says as she feels the rain become more and more sparse, finally clearing out as he put down his cloak and nods, their silence being something completely normal for both of them. They walked back slowly, none of them looking at each other as their hands met and held as they made their way back to their students. Notes: http://arbutus-blossoms.tumblr.com/ Honestly if you are a Reylo shipper check this art blog out the pictures are super amazing and will have you wanting for more.