When the Resistance fighters led him out of the shuttle, Rey couldn’t watch. She saw them only in the periphery of her vision as she strained to occupy herself with her ripped tunic, fiddling with the sleeve that had all but separated from the rest. Now that the dust had settled she didn’t need to look. Didn’t need to see. His voice carried so clearly between them, she could hear it in her head. His silence did not change that. Anxiety thrummed between them, low and steady like the heat of the sun on her skin had been on Jakku, but she couldn’t pinpoint its origin. It was like a wave moving back and forth between them, no start or finish, without end or beginning. She couldn’t tell where it was coming from, but she felt it as surely as she felt the wind in her hair with the next breeze. She felt anxiety and she recognised it, heard it in her mind like her own thoughts, but that was not what kept her head bowed low and shielded from potentially watchful eyes. Resignation festered between them like an oozing wound, and it was a stab in her side each time the wave of it washed over her. He’s given up , she thought, tearing at a loose thread with enough force to make her fingers ache. Somehow, the anxiety swelled between them. He’s given up , her thoughts echoed uselessly in her head as she tried to block the connection between them with almost desperate urgency. The thread between her fingers snapped. Another wave of other, more conflicting and more powerful emotions assaulted her senses, and she braved a glance at the men surrounding Kylo Ren, fluidly avoiding a direct look at the villain himself before her eyes finally landed on his mother. Leia had not taken the loss of Han Solo well, and not even her own brother had managed to cure the bleeding heart that was seeping through the Force every minute of every day. The General was her usual steely self, fighting her battles and pushing her forces as if nothing had changed, as if this hadn’t altered everything , but her feelings betrayed her. Luke felt it too; Rey could see it in his eyes, haunted, sad, and quiet. Older than he should be. Once, she’d seen him reach out to his sister, but his hand had recoiled, cold metal fingers curling into a closed fist instead of holding on to her shoulder. Luke’s pain was like being knocked down by a bag of sand. It was dull and bearable at first, but with time the weight of it seemed to be suffocating her, crushing her chest and squeezing the breath out of her until it forced tears into her eyes. Rey didn’t like being around Luke. In his presence she could never be certain which feelings were hers and which his, and she shuddered to think what kind of emotions she transmitted without her knowledge or consent. His grief betrayed him even when his face did not. She couldn’t spot him in the crowd that had gathered, but she could feel the dull throbbing of the Force she had come to associate with him, and she knew he was here somewhere. Whatever else had happened, whatever else he felt— Luke would not miss the return of his nephew, even if seeing his face again after all these years and horrors would rattle the precarious equilibrium he had found between pain and purpose. The General was braver than him, fiercely determined and hardened by the strength of a mother. She made the first step; Kylo Ren instantly recoiled, instinctively retreating and bumping into the men flanking him on either side. Rey saw a shadow cross Leia’s face. “Ben.” Rey swallowed. This was hard to watch and hard to hear, and she wished, desperately , that she could just leave, that all of them could just leave and not be witnesses to what would inevitably be a cruel disappointment. The anxiety grew nasty fangs, burying them inside her as she implored Kylo Ren to calm down. Despite the people surrounding her, she could feel his intense gaze, hot and blistering, on her for a brief moment. As if he could easily pick her from a crowd. As if she couldn’t do the same. To her surprise, the scalding response she had been anticipating didn’t come. Spurred by the lack of biting remarks, she dared look at him directly for the first time since he’d arrived, and just like Luke’s understated pain, the sight nearly took her breath away. Before her, tall yet unimposing, stood Ben Organa-Solo. Eyes downcast, head bowed, he looked almost like a child playing dress-up in clothes he had been promised he’d grow into but never did. Like his appearance, the character he had been playing suddenly seemed like an ill fit. Rey felt reminded of her youth on Jakku. She had drawn pictures in the sand, impossible dreams about a future she had never had, people she had never met, and adventures too preposterous to even say out loud. The wind had blown them all away, one by one, without any effort at all, and eventually Rey had stopped drawing. Kylo Ren was nothing but a faded picture in the sand. A memory of something that was never real and never could be. The scar remained like Rey’s did when she had learned that dreams were just intangible wishes that would get wiped away one day. It was almost poetic that the man who had done the wiping was now the one being wiped away. Almost. If the pain hadn’t settled like grains of sand between her teeth. “Ben,” Leia repeated, staying in her place this time but reaching out, with a hand, with the Force, for the person she hoped was still in there, hidden by long hair and all-encompassing robes wrapped around the body like a shield. Rey almost couldn’t watch. Her heart was beating in her throat, hard and insistent, and she could almost taste her blood on her tongue when she felt the cracks in the Force, chasing goosebumps up her skin with every ripple. She wondered how much of that was her. The unmistakable energy of her teacher mingled with the whole of it, but she found it was impossible to tell where all the rest was coming from. Ben and Leia were caught in a whirlwind of intense emotions, neither of them source nor outlet, and Rey felt as if staring into the eye of a sandstorm when she looked at them. And yet she could not look away. Rey wondered if this was what Leia had imagined when she’d asked for her son to be brought back to her. Most likely not; the General knew her son less than Rey herself did, not having seen him since he was a child. It was impossible for her to predict what would happen. How he would react. Whoever it was she had sent off to train with Luke all those years ago: that person was long gone. What remained of him was still uncertain. Leia lowered her hand, slowly, as seconds stretched into infinite pricks of pain, and did her best to keep her expression neutral. Rey could see she was barely holding back the tears that had been set to spill ever since they’d taken her son into custody. She averted her eyes. She shouldn’t be here. None of them should be here. “Mother.” Her breath hitched so loudly she was almost certain she’d misheard. Rey’s eyes shot up immediately, so quickly it almost made her dizzy, but Leia had composed herself already. The brief flicker of whatever had crossed her face was gone. Rey swallowed. For a moment it seemed as if this would be the end of it, the cue for the crowd to scatter and the prisoner to be led away. Rey readied herself to disappear, perhaps hide for a few hours until the dust had settled down, when she felt the Force bend around her like a thin sheet of metal pushed together at the ends until it broke. She looked up just in time to see Leia fall around his neck as if she was oblivious to their audience, blind to the rest of the galaxy with all its eyes on them. Rey’s breath caught in her throat. Chewie groaned loudly in her ear. The spell was broken. The wookiee’s outburst seemed to set time in motion again. People shuffled around them, unloading fighters, transporting the wounded. Some of them chanced a few stolen glances back at the reunion, but none dared to linger long. Rey thought they must be uncomfortable seeing their General reduced to this. Rey thought this was easily the strongest she had ever seen her. When the crowd lifted, she caught sight of a hooded figure leaned against an X-wing, but Luke seemed in no hurry to interrupt his sister. Like Rey, he kept his distance, cautiously feeling for the changes in the Force around them. Chewie took a step forward and then stopped. His cry was wretched. Rey glanced from him back at Leia, not realising she was holding her breath until finally, finally , Ben’s shaking arms enveloped her. She couldn’t hear what he was saying, but his emotions transferred clearly through their bond. Her legs suddenly felt weak. Eventually, Luke pushed off the X-wing and approached them. Ben saw him immediately. He’d probably felt him the entire time. They exchanged a single pointed nod, Ben still holding on to his mother as if she was the only thing keeping both his feet firmly on the ground, and then Luke’s hand reached out to touch his sister’s shoulder. Rey turned and walked away. Chapter 2 Notes: Okay it's 3 parts not 2. The presence of Ben Solo in the base was as if someone had just slightly moved all furniture a fraction to the left. It was barely noticeable, but every so often people would falter and stumble, cursing softly under their breath and scowling darkly for the rest of the day. At best, he was being treated like a minor inconvenience. The worst Rey dared not think about. For the first few days, she stubbornly refused to see him, giving the room he was being held in a wide berth. If she strained her senses, she could almost pretend that he was far away, outside the orbit of her life, but that illusion would inevitably be shattered when she felt the soft thrumming of his pulse between them as surely as the earth beneath her feet. It was not an unpleasant sensation, and that alone drove her as far away from him as the architecture of the base permitted. For the first few days, Ben Solo was almost a myth, murmured about in thinly populated hallways but never talked of openly. Since his arrival, no one had laid eyes on him. The General was guarding him like the schematics of a secret weapon, and Rey thought instinctively—knowing she was right—that Ben had shut himself away by choice. He didn’t want to see anyone. He didn’t want anyone to see him. Once, she had seen Luke walk away from the part of the base where Ben was being held. She had hardly managed to look at him. Head bowed, eyes empty, he had reminded her of the man she had met on that island, broken and alone, haunted by ghosts so tangible she could almost taste them in the air around them. When she saw Luke now, he was always hovering in a dark corner, whispering with the military leaders. It seemed she wasn’t the only one repelled by that illusive door. “Thank you,” Leia had told her on the first night, holding her hand so tightly it left marks. “Thank you for bringing him home.” Rey hadn’t been able to meet her eyes. This wasn’t his home, she’d thought, and perhaps it never would be. Kylo Ren had died with the fall of his erstwhile leader, and Ben Solo had been dead for twenty years, rising from the ashes of a murdered father and a broken man. Thank you for bringing him home , she’d said, and Rey had marvelled at the optimism in her voice. Perhaps, she reflected, perhaps if Leia still had hope, despite everything, perhaps Ben Solo could be saved. Perhaps he was still in there, even if Luke didn’t seem to think so. Twice, Rey found herself standing in front of his sealed door, and twice she turned and walked away. “I’ve never seen the General so happy,” Poe told her one morning over breakfast, stealing glances at the woman in question and her brother. They were speaking quietly among themselves, almost wordlessly communicating as Rey could see the tension rising. Not… angry, she realised a second later. Anticipating . She shrugged, forcing herself to chew her tasteless bread. “I don’t blame her. We won the war.” “Nah, that’s not it,” Finn said, squinting at Leia all the way across the cantina. “We haven’t won yet,” Poe added, reminding them that Snoke had been just the beginning. Rebuilding what had been lost would probably take years , and even that was optimistic. Finn exhaled, shaking his head as he stuffed something yellow into his mouth and mumbled past it, “Must be nice.” Rey frowned. “What?” “Having a mum.” Finn shrugged, taking another bite of something considerably slimy. “Dude sure’s got more luck than he deserves if you ask me.” Poe’s smile faltered. He seemed to be struggling with a response. “I suppose he does,” Rey muttered, forcing down the images Finn’s words had conjured in her head. A family. That illusive dream all orphans had, painfully instilling hope they all knew to be false that someday, somehow they’d come back. That one magical afternoon their worlds would be whole again. That everything would be alright. She had recognised that pain in Finn as the mirror of her own, and in a way it had been a comfort knowing that she wasn’t the only one. But she had also felt that pain another place entirely, once, long ago in a corner of her memory she didn’t like to dwell on. Ben might yet have a mother, but he didn’t feel like it. In his mind, the family that Rey so desperately craved was nothing but a gaping hole. He didn’t see himself as their son because he didn’t see himself as Ben. She wondered how that could possibly change now after everything that had come to pass between them. She marvelled at how Leia couldn’t see that. Blinded perhaps by the same hope that had rooted Rey on Jakku, waiting patiently for a family that would never come for her. Must be nice , she heard Finn’s words echo in her head. To have someone care about you like that. To have someone believe in you no matter what. He didn’t deserve it, Rey caught herself thinking. He killed his own father, rejecting the love she would have died to receive just once, just one time to know how it felt to be wanted. He broke his mother’s heart and his uncle’s trust and faith in everything he had believed in. He didn’t deserve it. Tears burned hotly in her eyes. For the first time in months, she was enraged. Furious that he got all she’d ever wanted and threw it so carelessly away while she was still just gnawing on the scraps. “Oh shit, look!” Poe roused her from her reverie, nodding gravely at the entrance. Rey blinked back the angry tears that had gathered in her eyes and followed his motions with forced composure. Her breath nearly caught in her throat. There, timid and approximately half the size of when she’d met him, stood Ben Solo, now clad in simple Resistance robes that made him stick out like a sore thumb rather than make him blend in as doubtlessly intended. She could feel the air around him brimming with anxiety and instantly felt herself grow nervous. Swallowing past the growing lump in her throat, she looked up just in time to meet his gaze and was instantly thrown by the unexpected steadiness of it. For just a moment, she felt deaf, disoriented as the world seemed to close in around them, the figures at the edge of her vision blurring into a vivid pile of indistinguishable colours. He looked away before she could, and air returned to her lungs. Gritting her teeth, she watched him move slowly through the tables towards his mother who had been longingly expecting him. Rey could see how she forced down the impulse to embrace him and washed down her bitterness with the cup of water at her elbow. “That was… something,” Poe said eventually, breaking the trance as murmuring resumed around them. Rey couldn’t help agree. “He’s got a lot of nerve showing his face around here,” Finn scoffed, pointing energetically over his shoulder. “I still haven’t forgiven him for these, just FYI. If anyone cares.” “You’re not the only one,” Rey mumbled, cautiously glancing at the scornful faces all around them. It seemed Finn’s scars weren’t the only ones that hadn’t healed yet, and she had no illusions that Ben would ever be forgiven for his acts under the First Order. Too many good people had lost their lives to them. Their silence was oppressive in the growing voices of the survivors. Poe frowned softly, turning away from Leia and her family to look at them. “I don’t know what to think,” he admitted. “I’ve seen what he’s done with my own eyes. I got firsthand experience. But if the General thinks he’s with us now…” He grunted, unhappily shaking his head. “Ah! What do I know?” “Well, excuse me if I for one don’t welcome him with open arms,” Finn huffed, crossing his to make a point. “Finn…” Rey shook her head, fond exasperation colouring her voice. He only shrugged. “If he wants my forgiveness he’s gonna have to work for it is all I’m saying.” Rey said nothing. When she glanced over at his table, she thought Finn’s forgiveness was the least of Ben’s issues at the moment. She noticed that he wasn’t eating, and neither was he responding to anything his mother was saying. He was staring blankly at his plate, avoiding both Leia’s attempts at reaching out and Luke’s quiet but intense gaze. Rey’s eyes fell to where his were resting, imagining for a moment the conversation she was not having any part in. When she looked up, she was peering right into his eyes. Impossibly, she for once didn’t feel the urge to look away. For the first time since they had brought him here, Rey didn’t feel like she was staring right into a black hole when she dared peek at him. She didn’t see a vortex of invoked fear; she saw a child desperate to hide under the covers in the dark. Ben blinked. Rey looked away. “I have to go.” ± She was hiding, creeping into the abandoned Millennium Falcon when no one was looking. She did that a lot. It was the only place she truly felt at peace, the only place that soothed her raw nerves when the outside world became too much. It reminded her of the home she had created for herself back on Jakku. It reminded her of the first time she’d ever felt like maybe there was a place for her in the galaxy. Her fingers trailed over the ageing machinery, exposed wires and gathering dust. If she concentrated, she could almost feel the low humming of life through the connection. Her lips quirked. Her steps led her idly towards the bridge, and for a brief but glorious moment she toyed with the thought of taking off. Leave. The war was over. They didn’t need her anymore, and it was about time she found her place in the galaxy. In truth, she couldn’t bear to wait around for someone to tell her she had overstayed her welcome. Better to just go already. She stopped abruptly, almost tripping over her own feet. There, in the captain’s chair, sat Ben. “Get out.” Ben’s shoulders rose and sagged. He wouldn’t turn around. “Get. Out,” Rey hissed through clenched teeth, desperately forcing the swelling anger inside her to stay down. Ben didn’t move. Enraged, she closed the distance between them in two big steps, dug her fingers into his robes, and tugged until the cloth almost ripped under the force. Blind with fury, she was unaware of what she was doing and how— all that mattered was that he didn’t sit where he sat. That he didn’t sully the last remaining piece of Han Solo that still held any kind of meaning to her. She found herself pressing him against the wall with her forearm, panting strenuously as she struggled to find back to herself. It occurred to her too late that she shouldn’t have been able to do that. That it shouldn’t have been so easy to tear him from the seat and overwhelm him. Something hot made contact with her skin. Dreading what she would find, she slowly raised her eyes and gritted her teeth. Ben wasn’t looking at her. She was glad; she wasn’t sure if she could have dealt with it if he had been. His cheeks were puffy, his face red. Rey could follow the trail of tears down his skin like a road, a pained frown overcoming her features as she realised what she had witnessed. Interrupted. She quickly took a step back, letting go of him as if he’d burned her. Ben slid down the wall as if her strength had been the only thing that had been keeping him upright. He didn’t hit the ground, but Rey watched tensely as he swayed, perhaps considering the pros and cons of simply giving in. “I should go,” she said lamely, itching to put some distance between her and him. She barely reached the entrance. Ben’s voice rang softly in her ears, weak and toneless as if he wasn’t sure how a person was supposed to sound. “Please stay.” Her shoulders squared. “Why should I?” “I—“ He broke off, and she could feel the unmistakable sensation of his eyes on her. She shuddered. “I don’t know. Will you stay?” “Why?” she repeated mercilessly, wishing she could just force her feet to move, wishing she could just walk away and don’t turn back. She remained rooted to the spot as Ben struggled with an answer. Eventually, he settled on, “You make it easier. I can feel you through the Force. Your presence is…” He searched for a word that would approximate what was between them. “Healing.” He didn’t deserve it , Rey’s thoughts shot through her head, but the connection between them hummed with recognition all the same. “I’m sorry.” Rey looked sharply up at him, catching his eye. He didn’t say anything more. Ben nodded at the console. “He used to take me here,” he said flatly. “He taught me how to fly. The General— my… mother didn’t like it.” His lips quirked imperceptibly, as if he’d only just remembered. “These are the only memories I have of him before…” He trailed off, looking absently through the ship. Rey swallowed. “Hard to believe he’d let anyone fly this thing,” she said in an effort to fill the growing silence between them with something . Ben exhaled in a way that almost sounded like a laugh. “The old man drove a hard bargain,” he assured her. “I don’t think I’d ever been so pleased to get anything when he finally allowed me to sit here.” Averting his eyes, he finally straightened. “It’s the best feeling in the world,” Rey mumbled, remembering with painful clarity the first time she had realised which ship it was that she had stolen and who was sitting at her side. She was overcome by sudden understanding. Why Ben had hidden here to reminisce about old times. In fact, she was guilty of doing very much the same, and it was immediately difficult to hate him for his presence in the only place she still held dear. He killed his father , it echoed mutely in her head, but he was still his son. Looking at Leia, it was impossible not to see that there was nothing he could have done that would have made his parents lose all faith in him. That would have tainted their love for him forever. Rey knew instinctively that Han Solo had died loving his son completely and unconditionally, even in his final moments. Somehow she knew that he would want him to be here. That nothing in the galaxy would make him happier than this. Perhaps, with time, she could be taught to share. Perhaps, with time, the pain would fade. Making a split decision, she nodded at the controls and asked with an aloofness she didn’t quite feel, “Remember what he taught you?” Ben looked at her with wonder, surprise clearly written on his face. Slowly, his head bobbed in a nod. Rey held his gaze for a minute, searching, deliberating, and then her lips spread in a brilliant smile. Before he could so much as blink, she’d crossed the space between her and the console and jumped into the captain’s seat she’d forced him out of just a few moments ago. Flicking a couple of switches, she giddily felt for the changes around her as the ship started to come alive. When the co-pilot’s seat remained empty, she looked over her shoulder, a challenge clearly written on her face. “If you’re not going to help me get this thing out of here, I’ll go find someone else.” The place next to her was quickly occupied, and she basked in the singular feeling of losing the ground beneath her feet as they pulled away from the base and headed into the unknown. Yes, she thought, this was exactly what Han Solo would have wanted. Chapter 3 Notes: Done. Might follow up with an epilogue sort of thing, but I like it the way it is. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Running away with Ben elicited the same feelings of anxious elation she had experienced when she had stolen food rations during her youth on Jakku. Starving, desperate, and alone, it had seemed like her only option at the time, and although she had known it to be wrong, had known it to be bad, she hadn’t been quite able to quell the feeling of excitement that had bubbled up inside her. Taking the Falcon without asking was a whole different kind of desperation act, but it felt very much the same. Except she would end up returning it for sure— she just wasn’t entirely certain whom to. Chewbacca and her had an unspoken agreement of companionship after both of them had been left reeling following Han Solo’s death. Neither of them felt in possession of something that was so clearly not theirs, and so they both had ended up treating the Millennium Flacon like a rented speeder rather than the mighty ship it was. Sitting in the pilot’s seat didn’t make her the owner, but it also made her little else. She chanced a coy glance at Ben, who was gazing longingly out at the stars. If Han was here, she wondered, would he leave the Falcon to his son? Would he hand over his most prized possession to the man who murdered him? The man who was sitting next to her hardly looked a killer. There was none of the cocky arrogance she had come to associate with the First Order, none of the posturing and sneering she had seen. He didn’t look like a Knight of Ren at all. If anything, he looked lost, swallowed by the vast mass of stars surrounding them like something carelessly dropped in the sand. Rey’s hands tightened around the controls. He was a killer, even if he didn’t look it, and she needed no reminder of it. The image was permanently burned into her mind’s eye, as surely as the scar she had left him with in their first encounter was stamped onto his face. No, seeing the monster in him wasn’t difficult at all. Seeing past it was the challenge. Only a Sith deals in absolutes, Luke had told her during her training. If you only see darkness, you’ll be blinded by it. The galaxy is full of light and dark, good and evil. Open your mind, Rey. Feel the Force flow through you. See the truth. Things are rarely so simple. She wondered what Luke would think now, seeing her abscond with their sworn enemy— or at least a battered version of him. The idea of his reaction almost managed to bring a smile to her face. Would he be proud? Concerned? Disappointed perhaps. In which one of them she couldn’t say. What did Luke see when he looked at Ben? Rey had been pondering this question for a while now. Could he see the light in him? Or had he been blinded by his grief like she had been at first? Had he fallen into the very trap he’d cautioned her about? She stole another glance at her co-pilot. Perhaps it would be easier to see something other than the criminal now that they were separated from the rest of the galaxy. Rey relaxed her grip on the controls. Floating peacefully through space, she almost felt at ease, an inner calm spreading in her chest that she hadn’t felt in quite a while. A lone sigh escaped her mouth, signalling her content. Ben looked at her through dark locks that were cascading down his face. “You know we’ll get in trouble for this.” Rey turned her head, meeting his eyes with a raised brow. “ You will get in trouble for this.” “Yes,” Ben chuckled, a sound so unfamiliar she could barely keep her face in check, “but you’re the one who kidnapped me.” “Would you like to turn back?” she offered coolly, observing how he gradually relaxed into his seat. In retrospect he had seemingly been sitting in a box of needles, and she couldn’t help but think the loss of anxiety suited him astonishingly well. His lips twitched minutely at her suggestion. “Not for anything.” Rey sympathised. “I don’t know this system well,” she admitted after a while, wondering if he had anything in mind. She’d borrowed the ship on a whim, itching to get away for a bit, but she hadn’t given any thought to where exactly she would like to go. If anywhere at all. “I… don’t know any system well.” She regretted telling him when he wouldn’t reply, thinking she had given up too much. The last thing she was craving was pity or arrogant superiority. What she received was neither. “We don’t have to land,” he told her sedately. “I like it this way. I haven’t seen the stars in a while.” She snorted, mumbling, “You’ve seen more than I have.” “I’m not so sure.” She glanced at him, seeing that he was watching her with eery calmness. Feeling restless, she rolled her shoulders, looking straight ahead as her hands tightened on the controls. “You’re not looking,” she pointed out accusingly, hating how her voice sounded almost petulant . He hesitated for a moment. “Apologies. I thought I was.” After that, he would no longer look at her, instead gazing quietly out into space as they drifted through the system. ± When they returned, Rey expected a lecture, preparing herself for the worst long before the Falcon even hit ground. But nothing came. Most people they encountered either avoided or ignored them, oblivious to their presence or pretending to be, and when she caught Leia’s eyes back inside the base, there wasn’t a hint of accusation in them. Luke remained as usual carefully closed off. Ben hovered at her arm, clearly torn by something Rey couldn’t put her finger on. Eventually he seemed to come to a decision, pressing his lips together in a line before bowing his head just enough for her to catch. In a voice so soft that only she heard, he said, “Thank you.” She nodded dumbly. “Perhaps…” “Okay.” She found herself agreeing before his mouth had formed the words, an odd energy bubbling inside her. A remnant of the forbidden trip, she told herself. He didn’t question her about it, didn’t call her out, just nodded imperceptibly and walked away before she could see the beginnings of a smile colouring his features. She did not expect this to lead where it inevitably did. “So you never learned to play? Really?” she asked with amusement, watching Ben across the holochess table on their fourth outing together. They had created a peaceful corner in the galaxy for themselves here on the Falcon, far away from prejudice, duty, and a loaded past. Whenever Rey felt like the base was closing in on her, she came here. Ben was already waiting. He was looking a little impish now, shaking his head as he observed the board. “I did not,” he said. A frown built on his face, small but noticeable as he hummed in contemplation. “Although I do seem to remember an effort being made at teaching me.” “Oh really?” Rey was curious, hoping she didn’t seem too eager when she leaned in his direction. Ben rarely spoke of anything, and when he did, it was almost never about his past—something they seemed to have in common. “Yes.” Ben hesitated briefly, thankfully not looking at her. He seemed to be intensely focused on the board, staring at it as if he was trying to decipher an unknown language. Rey inexplicably wished that she could see what he saw. “I remember this table,” he said slowly, measuredly, as if he was weighing every word for relevance and truth. “I remember… impatience. Wanting to learn but being too slow in my progress. Frustration.” Quietly, his eyes narrowed at the board as if he had just recalled having an unforgivable grievance against it. A beat. He exhaled, straightening his shoulders as he pulled away from the table. Rey wondered what he had seen there, in his head. C’mon, don’t be too hard on him, Chewie! Rey inhaled sharply, recoiling from the board like stung. You’re just scared he’ll kick your furry ass. Shocked, her eyes burnt into the pieces that were yawning on the table. Her breathing was erratic. Something gently touched her hand. She looked up sharply, meeting Ben’s worried eyes across the holochess set. His arms were firmly at his sides, fingers linked loosely in his lap. The soft touch of the Force she had felt slowly waned until it had disappeared completely, but the worry in his eyes remained. She swallowed. “That was—“ “A memory,” he told her. “It must have transferred between us. I apologise. That was not my intent.” Rey said nothing, thinking that perhaps she should be the one apologising. She had wished to know what he was thinking, and the Force had delivered in an unexpected manner. Luke’s training had helped her get to know her powers, but she thought she was still woefully unprepared to handle them, and this was only one of many examples of her inadequacy as a Jedi. “He, er…” Rey cleared her throat, wetting her lips as she forced herself to calm down. “He’s a pretty strict teacher. And he does not lose well.” Ben’s lips quirked in a teasing smile. “My father? Or the wookiee?” “ Chewbacca ,” Rey said firmly, reminding Ben to use his name. She had never heard him say it. Not even once. “Wait, did you just—“ “Did I just what?” She shook her head. “Never mind.” She thought if he still couldn’t say the name of his father’s best friend, he probably didn’t want to hear that this was the first time she had ever heard him refer to Han Solo as his father. It was something of an unspoken law between them not to say it. The General was slowly becoming something human, something approachable, and Ben barely hesitated now when he said ‘mother,’ only a small hitch in his breath giving him away, but Han Solo was something else entirely. Han Solo was an unholy deity, looming tall and imposing, striking cold terror into the hearts of those who dared to speak his name. The only term this figure larger than life could be referred to was He , and nothing else. He was the shadow in the corner. He was the icy chill that made them shudder in the dark. Ben both sought and avoided the legacy of the man who had created him. He was drawn to the nostalgia of the Millennium Falcon, but he couldn’t bear to explore and feel the ship. Han Solo’s quarters remained as hitherto untouched. After that one disastrous afternoon, he had never made another attempt at sitting in his chair. The way he flinched away from the reminders made Rey feel as if she were living with a ghost. The Falcon now felt haunted when it never had before. It wasn’t good for either of them, but they never seemed quite able to leave the past behind when they stepped through that door. “Will you teach me then?” Ben asked, feeling the sudden drop in her mood like a slap in the face. She awarded him with a strained smile. “I’m not sure I’m the best choice,” she admitted. “I think Chewbacca is bending the rules a little when he plays with me, but try to disagree with a wookiee.” “I don’t mind. I’d like you to teach me.” “I—“ She met his eyes, dark and as usual impossible to read, and not for the first time she felt reminded of staring at an uncharted corner of space when she looked at him. “Alright. I’ll teach you. But don’t say I didn’t warn you! And do not come running to me when you get in trouble for cheating later on.” “Who would I be playing with?” he asked so casually, she almost missed the implications. Who indeed? ± After three months of sneaking away and floating aimlessly through space, Ben finally suggested that they land. “Where would you like to go?” he asked, more energetic and alive than she had ever seen him. When she didn’t answer, he chose the planet himself. “They have the biggest market in the quadrant,” he explained. “You’ve never seen anything like it.” She had not. The thing about desert wastelands was that settlements were few and far between, cities even rarer. The biggest accumulation of life forms she had ever seen had been with the Resistance, and a military operation was hardly comparable to an actual colony. Rey took two steps into the bustling streets of the market before she turned around and headed back to the Falcon. Ben’s hand closed around her wrist with a laugh. “It looks worse than it is,” he promised, gently tugging to steer her in the direction of the stalls. “Stay close to me and you’ll be fine. I’ll protect you.” Rey thought that it was far more likely that she’d end up protecting him , but she appreciated the sentiment all the same, and thinking about how she could easily handle herself in a fight did help to calm her nerves. She wasn’t used to… this. Growing up with a wide expanse of nothing surrounding her on all sides had forever spoiled her in the area of personal space. It had also made her incredibly lonely. Curiously, she found the dull ache in her heart lessen among the colourful crowd of strangers. Anonymous and insignificant, she followed Ben’s lead with surprising ease. She didn’t even bother to tell him to let go of her hand. “Here, look.” He handed her a flat bowl filled with something of an intense blue colour. When she eyed it suspiciously, hesitating to take it, his lips twitched and betrayed a fledgling smile. Smoothly, he tilted the cup and held it close to his face, and Rey watched mesmerised as his tongue darted out and wrapped around the blue jelly in one fluid motion. He managed to swallow all of it at once without spilling anything, and she caught herself staring as he licked his lips clean of the last traces of blue. His eyes smugly locked with hers. She quickly looked away, embarrassed. “Try it,” he said, offering her another cup. This time, she took it. When she tilted the bowl, she squeezed her eyes shut in expectance of the worst, quickly lapping away at everything she could to get it over with. She was not prepared for the sensation that assaulted her senses. Despite its bright blue colour, it tasted mild, almost understated, and just a little on the sweet side. The texture was less chewy than she expected too; it was almost smooth on her tongue, easily spreading in her mouth before she swallowed, and she found herself smacking her lips together as she appreciated the experience. She made sure to lick the bowl clean, and when she looked up again, she was staring directly into Ben’s eyes. “Thank you,” Rey said awkwardly, thinking he was probably expecting some kind of response. “That was… actually better than expected.” He nodded, handing their bowls back absentmindedly while his gaze remained on her. “Good,” he murmured, clearing his throat. Louder, he continued, “That’s good. I’ve always had a fondness for it, although I don’t remember where I tried it first.” “Perhaps your father gave it to you,” Rey suggested unthinkingly, only realising what she had said once the damage had been done. Ben seemed to freeze for a moment, surely about to explode, when— “Yes,” he said quietly. “Perhaps he did.” He gestured for her to follow him, and she gladly moved back into the crowd, wondering why her heart was leaping in her chest. ± “Oh no!” She laughed, muffling it poorly with her hand. Ben glared at her without real heat, wiping his chin with his sleeve in a gesture his mother would certainly not approve of. “Here, let me help.” He didn’t argue, but he watched her warily as she untied a piece of fabric from her wrist and wiped off most of the spilled goo from his face and neck. She tried her best not to smile as he bristled, clearly annoyed with himself and his clumsiness, and moved on to his chest. Most of the food he’d spilled had landed there, and she was meticulous in her cleaning, thinking he seemed like the kind of person who would mind if he looked scruffy. In fact, she’d never seen a hair out of place on him, and that thought alone brought another smile to her lips. Warm fingers closed around her wrist. “I think that’s enough,” he said roughly, and when she looked up at him he was looking at her hand. “Thank you.” Shrugging nonchalantly, as she hoped, she stopped her cleaning motions and offered him the piece of cloth. At his questioning look she said, “Keep it. You might need it again.” He took it almost reverently, slowly prying it from her fingers, and when their skin brushed, she found herself expectantly holding her breath, not knowing what she was waiting for but eagerly anticipating all the same. The moment was gone as quickly as it had come. She watched as Ben tied the cloth around his wrist like she had done before and henceforth avoided looking into his eyes, suddenly feeling as if she shouldn’t. Why, she couldn’t explain, but he didn’t call her out on it, so she continued in that vein as they moved between the stalls. They must have tried everything, she thought, when she finally felt like she could eat absolutely nothing else. She was stuffed, and she couldn’t believe Ben felt any differently, but he kept moving forward, urging her to follow him. It was as if he was obsessed, consumed by the desire to stop at every single stall in just the one afternoon. If she’d had suspicions before, they were now firmly cemented, and every word coming out of his mouth, every incessant nod at the next seller, only convinced her further that something was definitely wrong with him. He wasn’t unpleasant like this, energetic and overeager, but he was not himself, and she couldn’t help but wonder what had brought this change about. “Rey, over here!” She turned toward the direction of the voice, blindly searching for its origin in the swelling crowd. He was gone. Panicked, Rey looked around her, telling herself in vain that she’d simply looked right past him, that he was right— but no. Nothing. He was no longer there. The crowd was closing in on her. With a flash, she was back on Jakku, surrounded by the great nothing of the desert planet. The vast expanse of space widened the hole in her heart with slow agony, consuming her from the inside out like a black hole in the centre of her body, and she could feel herself tearing at the edges as parts of her started to get sucked in. No, please! Don’t leave me! Come back! Rey! She shut her eyes, violently shaking her head as she forced the images out of her mind. Go away! Don’t leave me! Her palms pressed against her forehead. Rey! Please don’t leave… “Rey!” She jerked at the feeling of warm fingers closing around her wrists, prying her hands from her head with gentle force. With effort, she raised her eyes, staring blankly at the concern clouding Ben’s. She wrestled free of his grip on instinct, taking half a step back before her faculties returned to her. The person she bumped into said something unflattering she didn’t hear. “Rey—“ The sound of his voice flicked a switch in her head, and, still disoriented and torn between her nightmare and the present, she allowed herself to be drawn in. Quick steps brought her to him, and her arms wrapped around his middle even swifter, pressing her close until she could smell the goo he’d spilled on himself an hour before. She didn’t care. She was enveloped by warmth almost immediately, strange and yet familiar, and she struggled to keep her guard up when the sheer sensation of comfort attacked the entirety of her being. She’d never felt like that before. She’d never felt safe anywhere. Now that she did, she didn’t even know how to handle it or to react. Something gently touched her head. “I won’t leave you, Rey.” A statement that would have been easier to believe if it hadn’t been followed by a wave of anxiety and anguish, washing over her until she gasped for air. “Never,” he affirmed grimly, as if she wasn’t the only one that needed the convincing. The arm around her shoulders tightened. “I won’t leave.” Hazy, Rey nodded, feeling her fingers ease their iron grip on his robes. With a deep and shuddering breath, she extracted herself from his embrace, hoping that they’d never speak of this again. Her face was burning hotly with shame, mortified at her weakness, and she absolutely couldn’t bring herself to look at him. When the silence dragged on between them, she cleared her throat, nodding at a random stall to their side. “We haven’t— we haven’t tried that one yet.” In the corner of her eyes she saw him nod curtly, and after another beat he turned to walk in that direction. Quickly, her hand shot forward, grabbing hold of his before he could move away any further, and once again she felt her face heat up uncomfortably at his intense scrutiny. Nevertheless, she stood her ground. She couldn’t lose him in the crowd again, telling herself that he wasn’t trustworthy and might try to disappear. If he did, the Resistance would never forgive her. Once the truth has been bent, it ceases to be what it was. She concentrated on her breathing when she felt his fingers link with hers, slowly, cautiously, and followed on shaking legs when Ben led her to the next stall. ± “If I eat anything more, the Falcon will have trouble getting us both home,” she finally announced when she struggled to lick the blue cream on the edges before it could melt onto her hand. Ice cream , Ben had told her. It was apparently very popular with children, and Rey had to admit that it was thrilling, the soft, cool substance spreading easily in her mouth with a sweet taste. No matter how thrilling, however, she was still filled to the brim, and if she didn’t quit very very soon, she was going to burst. Ben seemed displeased, but he was smiling in spite of himself when he watched her curse and lick away the wayward drop that had fallen on the back of her hand. “It may have been an ambitious endeavour,” he conceded. “Trying everything on the planet?” Rey asked, barely containing the amusement in her voice. “Maybe just a little bit.” “I got carried away.” “Mhmm.” She glanced at him sideways, pretending to be focused on the steadily melting delicacy in her hands. They were walking back in the direction of the Falcon, and Rey had noticed with tangible relief that the throng of people had ebbed away once they’d started moving outside the main street. It was blissfully quiet now, and only occasionally did they encounter other people. She would have even called this nice, hadn’t it been for the dropping mood in Ben’s posture and imprint on the Force. When she’d finished the ice cream, Rey started to lick her hands clean, hoping to at least combat some of the stickiness before they got back to the Falcon. Ben’s eyes were firmly glued to the path ahead. “Are you going to tell me what’s going on or am I going to have to guess?” He started, looking at her as if he’d momentarily forgotten all about her presence. “I—“ Raising an eyebrow, she dared him to try and lie to her. He reconsidered his approach. “I have something for you.” At her uncomprehending look, Ben took her hand and led her away, steering her off the street and into an unpopulated area that seemed to be used for storage. He stopped when they were alone, checking with a paranoid glance in every direction that there was no one here but them. When he’d reassured himself, he fumbled in his pocket, and a moment later, something cool was pressing into the palm of Rey’s hand, which he wouldn’t let go of. “I want you to have it.” It was something Rey immediately recognised, and she jolted, shocked, when it made contact with her skin. Unperturbed, he kept his fingers closed around hers, preventing her from dropping his unlikely gift. Speechless, she raised her eyes to look at him, confused. The expression on his face was earnest, pained, and entirely conflicted. It was an expression she hadn’t seen in a long time. Not since she had met Ben. “I don’t want it.” His fingers closed almost painfully around hers, quietly insistent. “Please keep it.” “No.” Panicked, she tried to struggle out of his grasp, but he was too strong and wouldn’t budge an inch. “Let me go.” “I can’t.” Her jaw tightened, and she looked between him and his hand on hers, mind racing with ways to escape. “There is something I must tell you.” Rey was fairly certain there was nothing she would care to hear coming from him at this very moment, but something in the way his voice strained to form the words and force them out made her perk up, and the cursed object in her hand was momentarily forgotten. “I’m not sure I want to hear it,” she told him flatly, hating how the heat from his hand spread through her body. Hating how she craved for more. She watched him exhale shakily, watched how his eyes clouded with something she couldn’t stand seeing, and marvelled at the way his fingers shifted slightly on her hand. “You do not,” he admitted quietly. “Not any more than I want to say it. But I have to.” He breathed with great effort, seemingly gathering his strength for whatever he would have to tell her, and Rey could feel a knot growing in her chest, threatening to choke her with every second that he didn’t speak. If she’d ever known torture, this was it. Suspended in a moment of uncertainty, she watched in agony as he continued to be quiet, all the words in all the languages of the galaxy failing him in this very instance. Eventually, he seemed to steel himself. “The Resistance is moving to another planet. With the First Order gone, it’s time the Old Republic is restored,” he said, giving voice to something Rey had suspected for some time. She’d noticed how the leaders of the Resistance had been whispering among themselves, how their operations slowly had expanded. None of this was news, but she suspected whatever he would tell her next would likely be. “My mother is going with them. They need someone to deal with the politics, and… she’s the only one who can.” He paused, averting his eyes. “She asked me to come with her.” Rey’s fingers felt numb around his gift. “And you said yes.” He nodded almost imperceptibly, a curt, choppy movement. “Yes.” His lips quirked humourlessly, and for a moment their eyes met. “She’s my mother.” If Rey understood anything and nothing at once, it was that. She herself had never had a mother, so it should have been impossible to know what he was feeling, but then the very fact that she didn’t know the feeling was exactly what made her sympathetic to his plight. Cruelly, she also understood something else with equal clarity, finally knowing what had darkened his mood this day and made him act in uncharacteristic manners. “You’re leaving.” “Yes.” You’re leaving me, she thought, feeling instantly like a horrible child. He should be with his mother. If their places were reversed, that would be what she would want. That was what she’d always wanted. She had no right to be upset. No right, but that didn’t change her feelings in the least. Something gently touched against her cheek, and she recognised it as a hesitant reach of the Force. Shrugging it off, she felt herself regret her sulking instinct just a second later, when she was left alone. Again. Ben’s fingers traced hers with careful reverence, her skin prickling where he touched her. “I want you to have it,” he repeated. “Please.” Feeling herself nod, her grip around his gift tightened, suddenly afraid of losing it. Losing that feeling. “I know you can’t come with me—“ Her head jerked up, and for a moment she heard nothing but the rush of blood in hear ears as she looked at him. “Why not?” “Rey—“ “Why can’t I come with you?” He looked pained. His features were twisted, dark lines etched into his face that she had never seen before. She had never thought of him as ugly, but she couldn’t stand the sight of this, of this contorted version of him. That wasn’t the man she knew. That wasn’t the man she loved. She was swept away on a current of emotion, a tangible thrumming in the Force between them drawing her in. Beckoning her closer. Her lips collided with his almost painfully, desperate and demanding and begging, and she could sense the feeling between them growing, expanding like a desert flower. Her free hand was digging insistently into his shoulder, holding on as if she would never let him go, and she could feel his arm around her waist pressing her close, closer, but not close enough. Never close enough. She tasted salt on her lips and realised that she was crying, but she couldn’t stop, as horrifying as it was. Instead, she pressed into him even firmer, licked her lips clean of the tears and then his, and when his tongue met hers she dropped his gift carelessly to the ground, where it lay forgotten as she pressed bruises into his flesh with her fingers. When they separated and left the street with drooping heads, sedately walking to the Falcon, Rey fixed the necklace he had given her around her neck, touching the kyber crystal embedded in it as Ben’s words echoed in her head. You have to complete your training. You are the last of the Jedi. You have to finish what I started. ± For the next few days, Rey was nothing but a ghost moving through the shadows. No one saw her, yet she saw everything. She watched as the Resistance packed everything they needed, watched ships being loaded with cargo and people busily running between stations. Not everyone would leave at once, and a group of people would stay here. It was just not the group she cared about. “The General asked me to come with them,” Poe had told her with excitement, still dazed by his meeting with Leia. “She wants me to lead the main troops at the new headquarters!” “That’s amazing!” she’d heard herself say, suppressing the ugly jealousy that reared its head in her chest. “Good luck!” Finn had said, “They’re going to need personnel. Foot soldiers, you know. I think she wants me to be an… assistant? Slash bodyguard, I suppose. Well, that’s what she said anyway.” Rey had congratulated him and disappeared. She couldn’t fly the Falcon on her own, and she hadn’t seen Ben since he’d given her the remnants of his broken lightsaber. She was grounded. It felt like being buried alive, but she forced herself to keep her head up and continue to keep breathing. This was necessary. This was important. It had always been temporary. It could never have lasted. She told herself that over and over, but it never changed anything. She was angry. She was heartbroken. She’d thought—stupidly she realised now—that these people could be her family. That somehow after all this time she’d found what she’d been looking for, but just like her real family they’d abandoned her, disappearing on the horizon as if they’d never been there in the first place. Stupid. Childish. Naive. She threw ripples in the Force she didn’t know how to control, and she knew instinctively that Ben was right. She needed to finish her training. She had to do her part just like her friends had to do theirs. Besides Luke there were no other Jedi left. They were the last ones. Ben had shrugged off the suggestion at continuing his training, claiming that there was nothing left to teach him and that he wanted to leave that part of him behind. Feeling the weight of his broken kyber crystal around her neck, she knew he was determined. He didn’t trust himself to resist the lure of the dark side—she had felt his fear between them as keenly as if it were her own. Whether he was safe from it like this, turning his back and running away, she couldn’t say, but he was trying to do better. Perhaps that was enough. Rey wondered if it would be enough for her. “You are restless,” Luke’s calm voice wafted over, reaching her through the fog of her thoughts. Rey took a steadying breath, forcing herself to calm her energy with limited success. “Sorry.” She watched as Luke quietly approached her, sitting next to her on one of the cargo boxes that were set to be loaded onto one of the leaving ships. As if sensing her subconscious reasoning when she had chosen this location, he said humorously, “I’m sure there are more comfortable ways to travel. I heard some of the ships even have seating.” Despite herself, Rey smiled, glancing sidelong at her mentor. “I wouldn’t know.” “No?” “I’ve never been on any of them.” Luke hummed thoughtfully, turning his head. “I seem to recall you have your own ship. A quite impressive one, so I’ve been told.” “It’s not mine,” Rey mumbled, feeling uncomfortably reminded of the fact that she still didn’t know whether she should hand it over to Ben or not. She felt that it was his, that Han Solo would want it to be his, but she also couldn’t let it go. Especially not now, when the Millennium Falcon was all she had left of either of them. “Ah.” Luke was quietly contemplative, sitting with her in loaded silence as they watched Resistance members bustling about. “Ben told you?” He didn’t need to clarify, and Rey truly wished he wouldn’t. She nodded curtly, not quite looking his way. “It’s your choice, Rey,” he said, sounding as wise and kind as always, but she didn’t feel the reassurance she once had. All she felt was hollow. “You can go with them if you wish.” “What about my training?” Luke’s brows furrowed, and a dark shadow briefly crossed his face. “You will not complete it. You will never be a Jedi.” “You want me to be a Jedi.” “Rey.” Luke sighed, his haunted eyes meeting hers. “The Force is strong with you. If you don’t learn to control it, even I don’t know what will happen to you. I can’t help you any other way. I can’t protect you.” “I can protect myself,” she told him, her chin stubbornly jolting forward. “Not from everything.” In her heart she knew this to be the truth, but that didn’t make her next steps any easier. If anything, that only made things harder. “We are the only ones left,” she said calmly. “If we don’t rebuild the Order—“ “It will be lost forever,” Luke finished. “Yes.” Rey breathed in slowly and breathed out with a purpose. If this was what she had to do, then she would do it. She’d been waiting to find her place in the galaxy all her life, and now that she’d found it, she had to embrace it, even if all she wanted to do was run away. “I’m going with you.” ± She hadn’t seen Ben in days, thinking that avoiding him would help her keep the pain in check, but it did not. When she finally faced him again, it hurt just as much as it had before, if not more so, and all she felt was regret that they hadn’t had more time together. She caught him before he boarded the ship, hovering undecidedly on the edge when he spotted her and walked her way. “I didn’t think you’d come,” he told her honestly, and she could hear the pain she felt reflected in his voice. “Neither did I.” He nodded, a nervous hand combing through his hair. “I’m glad you did.” “I haven’t decided yet.” He smiled briefly before he sobered again. “I haven’t seen you in days. I grew worried.” “I needed time to think.” “Yes. And now?” She swallowed. “Now I have.” Her fingers closed tightly around his necklace, the once dreaded energy of the crystal filling her with strength. “I can’t come with you,” she told him, raising her eyes to meet his, sad and understanding. “I have work to do. I can’t just run away.” “I never thought you would.” “I thought I might,” she admitted, watching with delight how his lips spread into a small smile. “You don’t know yourself like I do.” She nodded. “And that’s why I have to go,” she told him. “Luke wants to rebuild the Order. I want to help him.” “That’s good news,” Ben said, sounding strangled. “I’m glad.” Rey laughed. “You’re not,” she accused him, “but thank you anyway. For trying.” She smiled, observing him mirror her expression almost coyly. Encouraged by that small gesture, she dropped her hand from around the necklace and entwined her fingers hesitantly with his. She was irrationally scared he’d resist her, but he didn’t. Instead, he held on to her even tighter, tugging her close. She followed eagerly. Ignoring the curious eyes on them and the crowd that had gathered, Rey pressed her lips to his, delighting in the soft hum it elicited from him. His arm wrapped around her, holding her so close she could feel the heat radiate off his body, and she couldn’t help but try to get even closer, merge like the Force between them. Letting her fingers wander up the nape of his neck, they tangled playfully in his hair, tugging a little as his tongue brushed against hers. Oddly, this time she felt no desperation. No anger. No pain. She was at peace, quietly resigned, but more than that she was hopeful . She hadn’t felt that way in a long time. She separated from him unwillingly, knowing that it had to be done. His hand lingered on her waist. When she looked up at him, she saw that his eyes had grown dark, menacing, but the anguish from last time was gone. Her heart jumped in her chest. “You’ll see me again,” she promised, hoping that her voice sounded steady to him even if it didn’t to her. “Yes,” he said, pressing a lingering kiss to the top of her head. “I will.” Notes: Thanks for reading! I hope to see you all again on my next story. Notes: Hit me up on tumblr for prompts and/or if you post a lot of Star Wars and/or Reylo stuff!