There was a part of him that wished he hadn’t had the idea of going out tonight. Of course no one would ever let him live this night down, least of all Rey who he had to practically drag by the hand to get her to come and now he had lost her. This was the first real college party he had ever been to and like all good college nights, it was most likely going to end with a lot of regret and pain but right now he was living the dream. The music was pounding through his body and he was pretty sure he had yelled “I’m gonna live forever” after chugging a watered down beer that was probably his sixth of the night. Freshman mistakes for sure. It was a muggy September night, six weeks into his first semester at college. After spending most of his weekends with Rey who had latched onto the first weekend after coming here, he decided that he wasn’t going to let time passively go by. He had overheard a couple of guys in the laundry room talking about a fraternity party and instantly went to Rey’s room just down the hall. She had reluctantly agreed after he had begged and pleaded for a good 20 minutes where at one point he was on the floor making a whining noise. When they arrived the party was already in full swing. He had wanted to go at 10 but Rey forced him to wait until at least 11. He was glad that he had listened. They made their way to the bar after bypassing the pledges standing guard. Luckily he knew one of them from freshman English class. Rey grabbed two beers and shoved one into his hand. “Oh, I was going to wait a little bit before I started drinking.” He said, slightly unsure about the solo cup in his hand. “Finn, trust me, you’re going to want to finish this drink as soon as possible if you plan on having any fun tonight.” Rey said with a little pat on his shoulder and he watched with a gaping mouth as she chugged the entire thing in one go. “Good lord.” He whispered under his breath as she wiped the back of her hand across her mouth and looked at him expectantly. “Right.” He said with a little jolt and took a hesitant sip before a disgusted expression flashed across his face. The beer had a terrible taste that he could hardly stand even lingering on his tongue. He heard Rey laughing and he looked up. “Just don’t think and chug it.” She said through her laughter. “It helps if you hold your nose.” He nodded unhappily and followed her advice as he drank the bubbly liquid while holding his nose, and before he knew it there was no more left to drink. His eyes opened as he realized that they were even closed in the first place and looked at her. She had a proud expression on her face and she clapped him on the back. “Well done. Now let’s get a refill and scope out the place.” She said happily and he followed her a little unsteadily. The lack of air after downing the beer left him a little light headed. Honestly he wasn’t sure if that was him or the alcohol already rushing to his head. But how would he know? This was his first time drinking any kind of alcohol. After a couple more refills and some stiff dancing in a circle, Finn was definitely feeling something. The lights seemed a little blurry and he laughed at everything anyone said around him, even if he wasn’t actually in their conversation. It was around 1 in the morning that Rey said she was headed to the bathroom. It was around 1:30 that he finally realized that she had been gone for far too long and he could no longer stand dancing by himself. He searched for her for what felt like forever and still couldn’t manage to find her and that’s when he was starting to get worried. “Excuse me.” He said, bumping into a guy after he was pushed from behind and the guy turned around and he honest to God saw little hearts flying around the guy’s perfectly tousled hair. Of course it could have been the red strobe lights but he was going to say hearts anyways. “Wow.” He breathed and the guy looked at him with a confused expression. “You okay buddy?” The guy asked and Finn would never admit it but he definitely sighed at the sound of the guy’s voice. “Hey, are you feeling alright?” The guy grabbed onto his shoulder and Finn snapped out of it. He noticed the guy’s shirt that had the letters of the fraternity, or at least what he thought the letters were from his memory. “Are you in this frat?” He asked, shaking his head a little to try and focus his vision. “Yeah, do you need help? You look a little out of it.” The guy asked with a little laugh. “Yeah I’m fine. Wait no. I need to find my friend. Have you seen a girl about my height with brown hair?” He asked furrowing his brow. The guy frowned. “That could be 20 girls my friend. Would you like me to help you find her?” Finn’s eyes widened. “You would do that?” He asked in wonder. “Yeah no problem. I’m chaplain anyways.” The guy shrugged and Finn frowned. “I have no idea what that means.” The guy laughed again. Finn could listen to it for hours if he was being honest with himself. “I’m in charge of making sure things don’t get too crazy around here. It also means I haven’t been drinking. Well much anyways so I can definitely help find your friend.” “Oh. Okay yeah.” Finn said with a serious face and a nod. “You got a name?” The guy asked as he led Finn through the overcrowded house. Finn had to strain to hear him over the music. “Finn!” He yelled as they walked by the speakers. “I’m Poe. Nice to meet you Finn.” Poe looked back and smiled at him and Finn stumbled over an empty beer can, nearly crashing into Poe. “Woah easy there.” Poe said, catching him. “You sure you’re alright?” “Yeah. Well I think so anyways. This is my first party.” Finn said with a mostly straight face before collapsing into giggles that eventually made Poe laugh as well. “Ah freshman I’m presuming?” “Wow. How did you know that?” Finn asked in wonderment. “I have my ways.” Poe said with a wink before starting them moving again through the house. “Be on the lookout for your friend.” He reminded Finn and Finn nodded, but really all he could think about was his hand on Poe’s incredibly warm shoulder and how muscular it was and how he really wished there was no shirt in the way. He slammed into the wall as someone crashed into him. “Finn! There you are!” He heard Rey’s voice that had a scolding tone to it. “I swear I go to the bathroom for 10 minutes and you disappear.” Poe turned around and smiled. “This your friend I’m presuming?” “Yeah this is Rey. Rey this is Poe. He’s in the frat and he was helping me look for you.” Finn said rather proudly. “Yeah good job helping him.” Rey said a little exasperated and Poe chuckled. “Let me put your number in my phone so I know that you’ve gotten home safe okay?” Poe said as he pulled out his phone and handed it to Finn. It took Finn a number of tries to get it right before he handed it back to Poe. He felt a buzz in his back pocket a moment later. “I just texted you. Good luck Finn.” Poe said with a genuine smile. “Thanks for your help Poe!” Finn said and hugged the guy before letting go and letting Rey pull him out of the crowd. He watched Poe melt back into the party before he turned to face Rey and let her take him home. --- The first thing he does when he wakes up is wish he had never been born. His head was pounding a mile a minute and his mouth was so dry he could barely move his tongue because it felt too much like sandpaper. He groaned as he rolled onto his side, realizing that he was still wearing the clothes from last night but had remembered to take off his shoes at least. He hated wearing shoes while in his tiny twin bed. He reached for his phone, just barely opening his eyes to read the screen. His heart practically dropped when he saw a text message from a random number and he quickly unlocked the phone and felt physical pain as he scrolled through the messages he didn’t even remember sending from last night. just letting u know i got hoome alrifht yur reallly cute btw you look like u could lift a hundrd pounds wait no i didn’t mean to sendd tht siri how do i take back a message? asowiehtsf; asetwpagn;s as wjeotiy goodnight finn sweet dreams He groaned and let his phone drop on his chest when he heard rustling from the other bed. He turned his head quickly to check to see if his horrible roommate was actually awake or just turning over. For a while he had completely forgotten about the person that he shared the room with, and it was actually nice. For now it seemed like they were still asleep. He rose up slowly, wincing the entire way from the pounding in his head. He needed to pee. Bad. “Sounded like you had quite a night.” He heard a deep voice come from the other side of the room and Finn closed his eyes and tried not to let out a sigh. “Yep it was something.” He said, his voice scratchy. The other boy turned in his bed to face Finn with a glare that could curdle milk. “You woke me up.” “Sorry Kylo.” Finn said sincerely. “I honestly don’t even know how I got home. I didn’t mean to wake you up.” “Uh huh. Sure you didn’t.” Kylo rolled his eyes and pulled down his sleep mask. “Try to be quiet. It’s only 9 in the morning and I need more sleep.” “Sure thing.” He replied and stood up to go to the bathroom. After taking a quick shower and changing into much cleaner clothes, he made his way down towards Rey with a slight sense of urgency. He knocked on the door and kept knocking until it opened. “What the hell Finn?” Rey glared at him and Finn slipped into the room with ease. “We have a major problem on our hands.” He said facing her bed before turning back towards the door. Rey had been lucky enough to get a single room and Finn would probably always be jealous of that considering the mess of a human he had been stuck with. “This sounds like a Finn problem, not a we problem.” Rey said with an arch of an eyebrow as she shut the door and plopped back on her bed. “So…how much do you actually remember from last night?” He asked a little hesitantly. Rey frowned. “Everything, why?” Finn let out a loud sigh and turned away from her and laced his hands behind his neck. Rey snorted and he turned toward her. “I’m assuming you don’t remember throwing up in the trashcan on the way back to campus then?” “Oh God I threw up?” Finn let go of his hands but then shook his head. “No. Okay remember Poe? Well the last thing I remember is giving him my phone number and then you leading me out of the fraternity house. And…and…” He trailed off as he pulled out his phone and handed it to her with the messages he sent Poe still on the screen. He watched her read them as he bit on his thumb nail in anticipation. “This isn’t that bad.” Rey said, looking up and handing him back the phone. “Are you kidding? It’s a nightmare.” “Finn calm down. He probably just think you were drunk.” Rey said as she leaned back against her pillows. “I was drunk.” Finn said in an annoyed voice. “What do you think I should do? Should I text him back?” “Well do you think he’s cute?” She asked in a flippant tone. Finn sputtered for a moment, not quite making words and Rey smirked at him. “So that’s a yes then?” “I mean yeah but who wouldn’t think he’s cute?” Finn asked with his hands on his hips. “So text him.” Rey shrugged. “You are useless.” Finn groaned and sat on the bed next to her. “Listen to me Finn. If you think he’s cute and want to see him again, text him. If you can’t picture yourself getting coffee or whatever then just leave it alone. If fate wants you to see him again then it will happen.” Rey said in a calm voice and Finn let out a sigh. “My head is killing me.” He leaned back against the pillows and closed his eyes. “I have stuff for that hang on.” He felt Rey get up off of the bed and rustle around her drawers before handing him a pill that he quickly popped into his mouth and swallowed down with the water he had brought from his own room. “I’ll just leave it for now. Besides what are the chances that I’ll ever see him again anyways?” Finn shrugged and curled up on Rey’s bed for some much needed extra sleep and maybe even a dream where a certain someone made an appearance. Notes: Chaplain in a fraternity is in charge of keeping the fraternity on track socially. They look out for the brothers and make sure they're getting the right grades and not messing up too badly. They're also in charge of the Standards committee who is the group of guys a brother will go and see if they don't make the right grades or got in a fight during a party. Stuff like that. If you wanna check me out on tumblr mine is tedddylupin