Chapter 1 It was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen in my life. Not one moment before this, not one view I had ever seen, nothing had ever filled my hollow heart with unmeasurable emotion, passion and love before in my life. As if I was born deprived of any emotion which would form the complex creature of what we called human. Never blessed with the ability to feel satisfaction flowing through my veins, the happiness that scene had caused me to empathise with a blind man seeing a rainbow embellished with the most astonishing colours even the greatest artist could not imagine. As I took a step towards the beauty burning with the desire to embrace the beauty, I felt myself unable to move. In front of me was an approximately 10 feet glass, an obstacle holding me back from reaching the beauty which had now taken the shape of a… pond? Yes, that is what that is, I thought to myself as I stared at the massive body of standing water. I was even more intrigued now, to examine, to discover, to feel it. These feelings were so unfamiliar to me, hell ‘feelings’ in general were. Other than pain. Pain was always there. Resting my hands on the glass, I was able to feel the vibrations coming from it. I looked down to try and understand what was going on. The glass was somehow levitating. A small, weak voice whispered to me: What is happening? How is this happening? What is this glass? What is ‘the beauty’? WHERE ARE WE? What this voice did not know that I was good at ignoring things. I had excelled the skill of being ignorant, numb and selfless. However as the glass levitated, I began to regain some of my so-called consciousness and noticed that the colour had begun to diminish. Was it there to begin with? I could now feel the cold winds and the cruel laugh of my mind as I now realised that I was now being dragged back to my personal hell. Or maybe I had not left it at all. “Caera?” I heard someone behind me say. Caera? Who was Caera? “Caera look at me.” The voice demanded with a harsh tone. Thinking about it, it had also been quite harsh from the beginning. What had I done to deserve their harshness? My train of thoughts were disrupted as I felt a small hand touch my shoulder. This unexpected personal contact received the attention it had been seeking for and I turned around. Right in front of me was a child, around 8 or 9 years of age with a silver/blue haired boy, holding a wooden stick on his hands. The light coloured object was somehow covered in a darker liquid, in a crimson colour. “What have you done, sister?” the boy asked as he ran towards me - or more like ran past me towards the pond. I turned around to see what he was about to do. And I screamed bloody murder. Literally. “OI 081, KEEP IT QUIET WE’RE TRYNA SLEEP YEAH?” I was rudely awakened by the sound of an annoyed female and sat up immediately, which in return caused me to bang my head against the supporting bars of the bunkbed and let out a quiet groan. The girl let out a tired sigh, “Sometimes I wonder how you managed to get into here,” she said, I could hear the rolling of her eyes from her sound, so evident. “Sorry,” I mumbled as I did a quick damage control over my forehead. Ouch, that was going to form an ugly bruise tomorrow. I checked the clock on the wall, 5:32. I stood up and made my bed; sleep would not be the best option now as I was supposed to be awake in about half an hour. Wake up calls at 6, breakfast until 7, which left us an hour to get ready and start our daily duties at 8 a.m. Sometimes this place would remind me of the ar- wait, never mind. I quickly wore black tights, a black t-shirt and my trainers. Meditation would never hurt anyone, especially at such an ungodly hour when everyone was probably asleep. I started walking towards my hiding spot, a small secluded room, our old training room which had been abandoned because of its size. Before I entered, I took a look at the room. Grey walls with scratch marks all around. Training tools of any kind including fake swords and punching bags. And my favourite: huge windows on one side of the room showing the beautiful scenery of our ‘planet’, always covered in snow. Something I had always found peace in. With a groan I sat down and closed my eyes, successfully avoiding my terrible memories and focusing on what the man whom I once called Master taught me. Or tried anyway. “I knew I’d find you here.’ A voice brought me back to reality. I stood up quickly only to find a boy, around his early 20s, with curly blue hair , muscular body and a sarcastic grin on his face. My brother. “Master Ruami would-“ “Shush!” I silenced my brother by literally running up to him and closing his mouth with both of my hands. He started laughing and I drew my hands back to my sides. “Are you out of your mind?” I said angrily as we started walking outside towards the cafeteria. “The last thing I want is for people to know about that. About us.” “I don't understand really dearest sister,” my brother, Caleb, said as we walked into the dining hall with everyone, other than the high ranked officials, having breakfast. It wasn't that loud or cheery yet seeing people’s faces, expressions and hearing them have humane conversations at moments like this reminded me of what I was. Human. Not a robot. “We could've jumped so many ranks if only we had revealed our little secret,” Caleb said sarcastically as we got our breakfasts and sat down. “And since when have you started being interested in jumping ranks?” I looked at him, an eyebrow raised as I took a bite from my bread. “Last time I checked I was the dark one,” I commented bitterly, knowing very well how that comment had bothered him. “Caera-“ “Enough with the chit chat, come on let’s go.” I said quickly, feeling the need to distance myself from this conversation and him. “I have to patrol the main area.” I sighed, now both of us walking at a higher pace. We reached to the female’s dormitory as he let out a nervous chuckle, “Enjoy it then, maybe you’ll get to see Kylo Ren.” and with that he walked towards male’s dormitory. I hurried inside and started wearing my amazingly comfortable, note down the sarcasm there, while shivering at the sight of seeing Kylo Ren. One of the Knights of the Ren. The scariest person alive. And a force user. I had never seen him personally before; well actually a few times but from a distance. All of them included him destroying some sort of a furniture with his lightsaber or choking someone. Well you get the picture. And I, who had successfully managed to avoid getting main area patrolling, felt sick just thinking about doing something wrong and ending up getting choked by him. Or worse, him finding about Caleb and I. “CE-081, main area patrolling, now.” Captain Phasma’s voice echoed as I put my mask on and walked towards the main area, GP-472 following me. I closed my eyes and thought to myself, don’t screw this up, please. This was going to be one hell of a day. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I liked patrolling. I know it sounds a bit weird, I mean was i really saying that I enjoyed walking aimlessly on the universe’s most dangerous place to be? The answer to that is yes, yes I did. You see it was not the task itself but the fact that I got to walk aimlessly for hours which gave me some time to think. About the past, present, future. Everything. But at that very moment my mind was too overwhelmed by the crowd and the noise of this section. This place was unlike any other sections I had ever been; the fast pace of Headquarters were reflected on the corridors in which we, 11 stormtroopers, were patrolling. Which is unusual, considering that this number would usually be around two to three. I would also have the chance to make some small talk with others when I had the chance but seeing we were patrolling the Headquarters area, that was impossible. “Okay, you all are done,” Captain Phasma’s voice rang in our masks. “Be in the training room in 15 minutes.” Finally, I thought to myself, happy that it was over. Everyone began to leave quickly knowing we did not have much time and Captain Phasma’s training needed a lot of energy. Now I could take a shower, maybe take a na- I felt a huge pressure on my head in an instant causing me to gasp slightly. What the hell, I thought, my head still tingling. What had caused this to happen? Kylo Ren, Kylo Ren, my inner voice said alarmingly. Not that anyone would ever need Kylo Ren’s arrival anyway, he was so hard to miss. He was walking towards us with another man walking beside him yet his presence was shadowed by Kylo Ren’s. It was quite a challenge for me to take in everything about him; I didn't know why I was trying anyway. Fear. Fear was the first thing I felt as I laid my eyes on him. His appearance, not much could be said. He was wearing all black, his lightsaber attached to his belt and his black almost polished mask on his head. No it wasn’t what he looked like. It was how he looked. Everything about him screamed authority and power. His built, the way he carried himself, as if he was born to be a feared commander throughout the galaxy (maybe he was). I couldn't help but tremble at his sight, fear. It was fear. But I had to admit if it were on another being, I might have found that authority… attractive. Stop. My breath accelerated as he approached. Oh God, my inner voice moaned, we’re screwed. I held my breath and looked forward as well as could, okay, I can do this, I thought as my legs started moving again. When had I told them to do so? Oh well, I seemed to have lost my body’s control as I walked with almost an air of confidence. As we approached, I slowed down and awkwardly saluted him with a slight nod and almost bowing down -what the hell. At least I had not angered him in any ways. He had not recognised my presence at all, which was brilliant. Now I could disappear into the crowds and leave this place. Whew, I thought, too much panic for a few minutes. I knew I had spoken too soon as I slightly tripped and my elbow touched his body for a millisecond. But it was enough to screw me up. I gasped as images started popping into my head, one by one. In front of me was Kylo Ren, “Forgive me,” deep, robotic voice belonging to him said. He was sitting with a grey mask on his hands, looking as if it had somehow melted down. The way Kylo Ren gripped it made me understand its importance for him. “I feel it again. The pulse of a-“ I was literally kicked out of the vision by a force, or THE Force. I found myself back in the corridor, realising it only had been a few seconds which had seemed like minutes. Kylo Ren had stopped and now was looking at me. AT ME. “Shit,” I cursed out loud and did the best thing I could have done in that situation. I ran. I ran like hell. Kylo Ren’s Point of View I felt the stormtrooper enter my mind, how had he managed to do that? I felt him pass my force field, my mistake. I should have listened to the Supreme Leader, his warning about the imbalance of the Force. The proximity of it. I had felt it too yet I had preferred ignorance over acknowledgment. And now there was a force sensitive stormtrooper here; powerful enough to get into my mind, even for 5 seconds only. He finally stopped at my most recent memory; my conversation with my grandfather. I tried to get him out of my mind so desperately and for a few seconds he managed to avoid my Force. Yet at the end I won and got him out of my mind. I gave him a look, trying to understand who he was. But before I could take a clear look at his code, he sprinted away. “Lord Ren?” the useless inspector beside me asked, “A-are you okay sir?” No, I was not. I could feel the adrenaline, the blood rush. How dare he could get into my mind? How dare he could experience such an exquisite memory of mine? HOW DARE HE? I was angry at myself as well as him. I should have been more careful, it was because of my weakness rather than his strength. I had lowered my barrier. “Find me the boy,” I said quietly, not looking at the inspector. “Pardon me my Lord?” the man repeated which was the last straw for me. “FIND. ME. THE GODDAMN BOY!!!!!!” I lifted the man with the Force, “FIND HIM AND BRING HIM BACK TO ME!” I was shaking uncontrollably with the anger burning inside. I was going to find this boy. And I was going to deal with him. Caera’s Point of View As soon as I got back, I stripped myself off my armour and let myself fall onto my bed. I was violently shaking with fear and could feel the tears threatening to roll down my face. I was in some deep trouble. I hoped I had not been slow enough for him to recognise me. Yes I did have my armour on yet I still panicked. I had no idea as to how I had managed to get into his mind. It felt like I was pulled inside by a very strong vacuum. I knew it was something to do with the Force. “Damn this shit,” I cursed, ignoring a few girls who were running late. So was I. But I did not care. “It’s all because of you,” I said, looking down my wrists, with venom in my voice, “Why was I not normal? WHY DID I HAVE TO HAVE YOU? WHY?” i started screaming louder and louder. I could hear voices whispering, probably about my madness. Huh. As if I cared. In fact, I WAS mad, at least that’s how I felt at that moment. “I need you out, out, OUT!” I screamed back again. From the corner of my eye I saw one of the girls walking towards the door, probably to get help. Help would mean more stormtroopers, More stormtroopers would mean Kylo Ren. And Kylo Ren- “STOP.” i said and the door closed onto her face with a loud thud. She looked at me, wide eyed and a scared expression. “Y-You-“ I hated the way she looked at me. This was all too much, too similar. I had been in this position, I had caused chaos. Too much. Oh no, here there was. The pressure. It was one of those breaking points for me where I just could not deal with any of that. The only disadvantage of having an amazing defence mechanism; that one breaking point causes chaos. On a huge scale. It did not allow me to think straight, think clear. I felt the Force, in my veins, mixed with my blood and everything else that made me human. Human. Was I really a human? Was a human capable of brining such destruction? Even so, would a human still remain numb after that? Could a human do that? I could feel blue lines glowing on my wrists, arms, I could feel tingles everywhere. This was it. This was the Force at its most visualised version for me. This was my chance; at such a point in which it was almost tangible, maybe I could get rid of it. For good. I grabbed the sharpest thing I could find: a file rasper. Now I can get rid of it, now I can get rid of you. My wrists started shining with crimson coloured blood as I cut my right wrist. I gave a smile as I felt the loss. “CAERA STOP! STOP! WHAT ARE YOU DOING? NOO!” I let out a shriek as I was once captured by a flashback, this time of mine. This scene was too familiar. Too familiar. “081, what are you doing?” a brunette approached, with clear fear in her eyes. She did not care about me, she was afraid. But so was I. Before I could warn the girl, she was flung to the other side of the room and let out a sharp moan. I fell down, my legs no longer strong enough to support me and watched blood trail down to my pale hands. “Caera, CAERA!” I felt someone shake my shoulders. It was Caleb. When had he entered the room? How had he known? “Look at you,” he said and put some tissues, trying to stop the bleeding. “This won’t work, come on you need stitches,” he said calmly. Extremely calmly. “WHAT THE HELL?” one of the girls screamed, I think. I felt like I was just an onlooker, not experiencing any of these. “You-she-she did THIS TO ME. SHE FLUNG ME TO THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ROOM!” the girl started screaming. “None of you will remember anything about this and you will continue with your lives.” I whispered emotionlessly while still on the ground, in Caleb’s arms. The girls nodded and left the room with no word. “Let’s go, come on.” Caleb said, “I’ll deal with the rest,” he said, helping me walk out of the room towards the hospital wing. I did not respond, I could not respond. I was not in control, I had never been since my encounter with Kylo Ren. I knew that if i had, I wouldn’t have acted like that. I wouldn't have cut my wrists. And I mostly wouldn't have used the Force. It had only laster for less than 5 minutes, yet my encounter with Kylo Ren had screwed me up. And I knew that it was only the beginning. Notes: Thank you for reading my story! Please let me know how I'm doing and how you think the story should commence; I'm always open to some constructive criticisms :). Have a lovely daay! Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuzl5jZx... ( I've decided to put songs which reminded me of some bits in the chapter. This goes for the dining hall Caera bit!) “Caera, Caleb, someone get the door please I’m busy!” A woman with jet black hair and pale skin said, looking behind at her 5 year old children who were playing in the living room; well, more like arguing who was taller, which made the woman smile as she finished doing her dishes and left the kitchen to greet whoever had come. Both Caleb and Caera started running towards the door: Caera literally jumping over the sofa and getting ahead of her brother. They had always had a sweet competition which their mother had enjoyed seeing yet managed to control at the same time. “I win! I’m the faster one!” she screamed as she opened the door. “Mum she cheated! You’re a cheater!” Caleb said angrily, stomping her foot on the ground angrily to which Caera smirked at him. Children were quite intelligent for their age, always had been, having learned how to speak just when they were 1 and reading 4, which sometimes worried her as she always wanted their childhood to be as normal as possible. Caleb had always been the one to follow rules whereas Caera was, well, more quirky and witty. And sometimes, just for a few seconds, the woman could see a glimpse of dark in her daughter’s eyes. “Losers weepers,” Caera sang as she opened the door. When she saw who it was, she tensed visibly and hid behind her brother as quickly as possible. This is what made the woman relax every time she feared the competitive nature of both of them was becoming detrimental to their bond: they had always been the other twin’s safe base. “Caera, Caleb, ‘ello children,” the visitor said calmly, removing his hood to reveal a dark skinned and purple eyed man in his early 40s. When he tried to approach Caera, she sank further behind her brother but Caleb gave him a smile. “Hello Mr.Ruami,” Caleb said with a soft smile. “Hello Caleb, Caera,” the man, Ruami said, looking at Caera. And with that, Caera decided to run upstairs, followed by her brother. Caera had never liked the man; he scared her. Maybe it was the unusual contrast between his skin and eye colour or maybe the mysterious vibe he had always given. Either case, she was afraid of the man. The elderly woman sighed, her big blue eyes concerned with her children’s behaviour. “I’m so sorry Ruami, I do not know what came over them.” she said with a sigh, and made a hand gesture towards the sofas. “Please sit, Aeron has just left for a…meeting,” she said bitterly. “What do I owe this pleasure then?” “It’s alright Isobel,” Ruami said, sitting down across Isobel, “A good thing children left anyway, I…I have something to talk to you about. A vision of mine” “What is it, Ruami?” Isobel asked, “Is it about Aeron?” She asked worryingly. “No no no, not about your husband,” Ruami said, shaking his hand, “It’s about your children. Isobel,” he gave a sigh and looked into her eyes, “Isobel why do you insist? You know what your children have, I know what your children have, why-“ “I don’t want them to suffer, Ruami,” Isobel interrupted, “I don’t want them to have their childhood ripped apart. I see others, Ruami, all those children are just-“ she looked away for a second, tears in her eyes, “Just, they're so young, so tiny, p-please just- is this why you're here?” she asked suspiciously. “No, well- ah, you see,” he started, “I-i saw darkness, Isobel, a great deal of it. Blood, gore, murder,” he let out a huff, “Such intense darkness, in your daughter.” “Are you saying s-she might turn to the Dark Side when she grows up?” Isobel said, completely shocked. Yes she had known that between the two, Caera was the evil twin yet not to such extent. “I’m not talking about turning to the Dark Side Isobel, I-I think your daughter was born with some Sith in her. Is that possible?” “Yes,” Isobel replied, “Aeron’s a Jedi yet my father was apparently a Sith,” she squeezed her temples, “Oh God.” “The Force is extremely strong with her. What happens with usual twin cases is that Force is more or less divided between twins yet it seems that Caera has taken some of what was meant to be Caleb’s. He’s certainly to be a Jedi yet does not have much Force. When compared to your daughter anyway. I’m so, so sorry Isobel,” ______________________________________________________________________________ Ruami stepped out of the house and took a deep breath. It had been difficult delivering those news to Isobel and most certainly had a devastating effect on her. Lost in his thoughts, he barely noticed a blue haired girl with an oversized sweater and a coat run towards him. “Sir, Sir,” she said, not shouting but it still rang in Ruami’s ears. “Oh hello, young Caera,” Ruami said, turning towards the girl, “You shouldn't be out in the cold.” “Am I going to be a bad person, Sir?” the child asked innocently, reminding Ruami of her age once again, “I think I made mummy cry. I don't want to be a bad person. Yes it was me w-who stuck gum in Klein’s hair b-but,” she pushed hair out of her eyes, “ He was bullying me and mocking my blue hair.” Ruami gave the child a small, sad smile. “No darling that does not make you bad. I assume you've heard of our conversation with your mother.” To that the child nodded and Ruami chuckled, He knelt before the child and started explaining, “Well let’s state it like this; some people have more light than dark in them,” he said, using the Force to create a light ball and moved it towards her chest which made her eyes open wide with amazement, “ And some quite the opposite. But how you turn out to be, it all depends, on you. Dark does not necessarily mean evil, just as how light does not mean all good. It all depends on who you are as a person” he said with a smile. “Could you teach me?” she asked, astonishment still evident in her eyes. “Teach you what?” Ruami asked. “I don't want mummy to cry because of me. I wanna be good.” Caera said, “And also that as well.” I woke up with a gasp, looking around frantically. The first thing I had noticed was that this was not my bed, where was I? Then the events of last night flooded back into my head and I groaned out loud; that and also my head. “Morning sunshine,” the sarcastic voice of my brother said from the door. “Look amazing as ever.” I touched my forehead to find a bruise, “How the hell did I manage to get a bruise?” I asked, looking at him as he pulled a chair next to the bed and grinned like a Cheshire cat. “First off, I brought some clean clothes. Andddd I might have caused that to happen.” “What the-awwwwww you dickhead,” I groaned as my head started getting all tingly again. “Why?” “Well because I obviously couldn't tell anyone the reason why you fainted was because your bloody stubbornness to not use the Force had caused you to go mad, cut your wrists and your blood loss, right? So I told them you tripped or something during your patrol and then compelled the people here to get you some more time here.” “How long have I been sleeping?” I asked, slowly getting up. “Not long, a few days,” Caleb replied as he helped me stand up. “Fill me in, what did I miss?” I asked as I made him turn his back and wore the fresh clothes Caleb had brought me. “Well, first off Captain Phasma sends her most sincere wishes, lol” he said with a chuckle, “She was mad you couldn't attend the training, which, by the way is going to be supervised by guess who?” “I’m really not in the mood,” I said as I wore black half baggy half fitting sweatpants and a black hoodie and tied my hair into a high ponytail. “Who?” “Your buddy, Lord Ren.” My eyes popped open as I heard those words. Kylo Ren. Kylo fucking Ren examining my training. Every day. “Shit, why?” “Examination or some shit but I think we know why he’s actually going to be there,” he said and we started getting out of the hospital wing and towards the dining area, “He’s formed search teams everywhere sis, he’s looking for you.” “God damnit,” I cursed as we grabbed our food and sat on the same table as a bunch of other stormtroopers. “Well apparently another reason why he’ll be there is that they want to upgrade the stormtrooper system and by examining and grading the fighting skills of us they’re going to divide us into two,” Caleb said whilst eating, “So basically good fighters will be the ones taken to actual fights and those who cant will stay and do patrolling. Makes sense really,” “Yeah, I guess,” I said distantly, my mind was drifting off to the thought of having to be in the same room as Kylo Ren everyday. We had to stay low, at least I did. Caleb liked showing off his talents because he was a very good fighter. And he was right by any means. But me? I just did not want to draw any attention on myself. My powers meant darkness, chaos, I was born a Sith for fucks sake. Yet I did not want destruction. So the last thing I wanted was to be noticed by someone, say Kylo Ren or another Sith Lord, and be forced to train to kill. “What the hell are you saying, Robbie?” My thoughts were interrupted by Caleb’s annoyed voice towards a group of stormtroopers next to us. One of them, who called himself Rob, was snickering. He never liked us so I was just assuming he had said something to annoy Caleb. “Do you have a problem with understanding sentences with more than 4 words, blues?” he said which made his groupies laugh. Boy did this place feel like a kindergarten sometimes. “You little-“ I had gripped and pulled Caleb’s white t-shirt before he attacked the other stormtrooper. Fighting would cost one a lot and the last thing any of us needed was punishment. “Stop being a fucking child, Rob,” I said and stood up, “Come on, let’s go,” As we passed them to leave the place, Rob tried to catch me by my waist. Sensing that in advance, I spun and gripped both of his hands, holding them above his head. At this point, everyone in the dining hall were watching us. “You do that again, and my body will be the last thing you feel before I rip your arms off,” I said quietly into his ears and let his arms go. He was apparently shocked to hear such a thing from me; he would've been okay with Caleb yet Caera, the quiet one, never said things like that. I wasn’t like that to anyone but I had my days. “I’ll end up killing someone at some point,” Caleb said angrily when we reached my dormitory. “Same here, but be careful. No troubles okay?” I said, giving his hand a squeeze before letting him go. “Goodnight,” ______________________________________________________________________________ Kylo Ren’s Point of View These last 5 days had been nothing but tremendous disappointment for me. It was unbelievable to see the galaxy’s most capable system failing to find one god damn stormtrooper. I constantly watched the scene from 3D hologram camera recording, checking out the stormtrooper from every possible angle. Yet the way he had positioned his right arm blocked his code which was infuriating. It was as if I was being punished with the mere existence of this stormtrooper. I was obsessed, I had to find him. I did not know what I would do with him though; kill him? I was not so sure. When I though about it, he had already been on our side; he would be willing to be my Padawan. But why hadn't he shown up then? Maybe he was afraid of me. Maybe something else. But I knew this silly issue was occupying my mind, thanks to General Hux’ ridiculous comments about how I was acting childish again. God if only our Lord had not favoured him. There were so many moments when I was so close to choking him to death. I had been sitting on my sofa, thinking about this for so long I had not even removed my mask nor my armour. I need to do something, I thought and got up. A midnight walk would do, no one would be out anyway. I began walking around the base fully armoured, my mind unintentionally going through every single moment. From my encounter with the stormtrooper to the stupidest things, like my family… My thoughts were interrupted when I heard an annoyed sigh and muffled moan from a room. An abandoned training room. I unintentionally raised an eyebrow, who would be awake and out at such an hour? Despite the heaviness of my suit, I managed to get in without making a single noise. There I was greeted by a great volume of blue half wavy half straight pastel blue hair which covered the girl’s back whilst she was sitting down. She was talking to herself. “Why did I even think this would work on me for God’s sake?” she asked angrily to herself and got up. Straightening her clothes, she turned around yet stopped when she saw me. “What are you doing here?” Hey guys! First of all thank you so much for your lovely comments and favourites; these are what keep me writing with superb delight! Sorry for the delay just so many things happening. Hope you enjoy this chapter and let me know what you think of it. Love y’all! By the way just imagine Caeras hair a bit more pastel and soft coloured with a bit more volume in her hair and more natural and soft curly but you get the idea I guess lol, thaanks. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 You know one of those moments when everything around you starts happening in slow motion. Have you ever had one of those moments? I had once; when I had broken our neighbour’s pod racer once and seen him calmly sipping his tea in our living room after my practice with my Master. Yet I was a child, I knew my parents would protect me from him and anything. Anything and everything. But now I had no one. Just me, myself and I, standing in front of the one and only Kylo Ren. Even though his mask was still on, I could feel his gaze burning my skin like acid. I felt dirty, corrupted an- Stop it, my inner voice said, it’s been a long time since you played the innocence card. As if. Right at that very moment, I was having flashbacks of every memory I had in my mind; visiting each as a means of goodbye. I could feel the word failure on the wall I was determined to keep my gaze at and not meet his. All these times I had tried my best to avoid him because deep down I think I knew it’d come to this. Death over surrender, my inner Jedi said, with pride in her voice whereas the majority of my mind refused withdrawal: THIS IS WHO YOU ARE, EMBRACE IT, EMBRACE HIM. I was not stupid though, I was aware of what was about to happen. He had probably talked to Captain Phasma, paid visits to the other 10 stormtroopers and noticed that none of them had the Force. And now he was here. About to end my life. Without any witnesses. Hell I didn't think witnesses would matter in this case; he could've sliced me with his lightsaber in the middle of thousands of people and wouldn't even bat an eye. In the middle of my thoughts, I realised that he had actually asked me a question. Or not. I could not see his facial expressions yet his silence only meant that he was expecting me to speak. “S-sorry, sir,” I said, my voice cracking “I-I did not know you would be h-here, I’ll leave now.” This was my best shot at staying alive. I kept my head low and walked towards the door. Well, at least tried to do so. I felt the gripping sensation of the Force on me, stopping my movement. I quickly blocked certain parts of my mind so that he would still have access to my mind and not be suspicious. “I asked you a question, and I demand an answer. NOW.” his unnatural voice rang as he got closer to me. I dared not to move but I could see his cloak floating around and he approached closer. Great. “I w-was meditating, sir,” I said, licking my dry lips, “I s-still have some time b-before my duties. That’s how I usually spend my t-time in the morning, sir.” I said. I could not believe the way my body visibly shook with fear or my inability to speak decently. “You’re a stormtrooper?” his second sentence came off as a question which made me raise my eyebrow. Well, i tried anyway since his Force on me was so strong. He was extremely powerful and that scared me. A lot. “Y-yes sir,” I said, trying not to sound so surprised but I might have failed a bit. How did he not know? What if-what if he did not know anything? What if he had not figured my identity out? The thought of that made me a little more relaxed. At least now I knew I wouldn't be dead. Fingers crossed. He walked in front of me, fully facing me now. We were dangerously close now which allowed me to examine him closely. He was so, so tall, around 6’3 maybe? I would have to look up to see his mask which was quite similar to the mask from his memory. He was looking ahead, thinking about something probably. All of a sudden, he looked down and I’m assuming met my gaze, catching me staring at him. “Hmmm…” his robotic voice made the sound and his glowed hand grasped my face tightly, causing me to gasp. It hurt a lot. He started moving my face around as if he was examining an artefact. That’s when my heart started pounding wildly again. There still was a risk of recognition and terrible punishment. “Leave,” he said after a long silence and I felt him remove the Force’s control over me. “Y-yes sir,” I said quietly, not looking at him and hurriedly left the room. “You’ve been avoiding me,” Caleb’s voice stopped me as I was about to enter our new ‘gym’. Yes he was right, I had been avoiding him ever since my encounter with him. I had left the room shakily and skipped the breakfast. First it was because I really did not feel like eating; if anything, I wanted to throw up. Second, I did not have the strength to tell Caleb about it without having another little break down or him going mad about my recklessness. He had always been against my little meditation trips and this would surely drive him crazy. “Don’t be silly,” I said, looking at him over my shoulder, “Why would you think that?” “You didn't come down to breakfast,” he said in a matter-o-fact voice. “I was simply resting,” I replied back and sat on one of the benches, “It’s been awhile since my last training and from what you have said Captain Phasma was going to give us tougher tasks than ever so I needed my time. And I didn’t have any duties so I had something to eat when you were gone.” i said “Happy now?” Caleb did not say anything, gave me one last look and ended the conversation. He didn't buy it, obviously, he knew me better to actually believe that silly lie. Hell even I didn't believe myself. “Today we’re going to be focusing on one-on-one duels.” Captain Phasma started explaining, “Now I know you have your guns and you’re probably stupid enough to think you’d never need any of these skills but guess what, you do.” she said bitterly. “Girls, you will not be receiving any kinds of special treatments just because you form the minority of stormtroopers. Oh look at who’s here, 081,” i looked at her as she used my code, “ you may need this more than anyone,” Everyone started chuckling. Now in reality I was a good fighter with a Jedi training; I could be one of the best if I wanted to (or that’s what I believed) yet keeping a low profile was more important. I couldn’t exactly say the same thing about Caleb who enjoyed being the golden boy. I sometimes wondered why I bothered with keeping it low when i had a twin brother who did the total opposite of what i had been doing. While she was speaking, I felt the aura change in the room. It was the Force; a very intense one. Caleb and I looked at each other, knowing fully well who had caused this change: Kylo Ren. He was here to watch me fight. Nice. Kylo Ren’s Point of View I walked towards where Phasma’s training was taking place. I had agreed on her idea to divide the stormtroopers to work more efficiently and to do that, I had to observe every single one of them and decide whether they would be better at fighting or remaining at the Starkiller Base and do less violent duties such as patrolling or maintenance. However my mind had been occupied all day. It was the blue haired girl from this morning. I did not know why yet she had managed to occupy my mind. She was a pretty girl, a girl, probably around 18 or 19 maximum; no exceptional beauty. Had deep brown eyes, pale skin, freckles around her nose and cheeks and blue wavy hair falling below her waist. She was not mesmerising nor was I drawn to her by any chance and I did not know why my mind drifted off to her at certain points of my day. Must be the hair, I thought. Kylo Ren had no time for such nonsense. As I walked into the room with a one sided window, I could see the stormtroopers sitting down on benches, waiting to be called by Phasma. My eyes caught the sight of the blue haired girl next to a boy who looked like her. Siblings? I thought, raising an eyebrow, since when did we allow such a thing to happen? Also, did they remember anything about each other? It could not be, their memories must have been erased. Making a mental note to dig into this topic, I started watching the fights which had already commenced. Some stormtroopers were good, I had to admit. With more training they could most certainly be brilliant fighters. Phasma’s divisions would always excel whereas the others wouldn't thrive like that. “Now, 081 vs 262,” The blue eyed girl, 081, stood up nervously with a blond, muscular man, a smirk on his face. One of the cocky ones, I thought. The girl was extremely nervous, was this her temperament? Maybe. There wasn't anything else to make her as worried as she had been with me this morning. I chuckled, with that attitude, this girl was not going to achieve anything here. “GO!” Phasma had given them long, huge wooden sticks which reminded me of Darth Maul’s lightsaber. These stormtroopers had the tendency to break it into two parts and fight with two smaller ones. To my surprise, the blue haired girl decided to keep it as one. She seemed to know what she was doing, her stance, her grip on the stick, her movements… As if she was trained for that. Yet as her opponent attacked her, her desperate attempts to block him made me question my precious thoughts. She had probably not done those in purpose. Her opponent advanced with his left side and then spun around to hit her back with his right. With a tiny scream, she fell on her knees and dropped her weapon. She had lost. “Good job, 081,” Phasma said sarcastically, “Next,” As she took her place, the blue haired boy stood up with another man with green skin. He had a rather menacing look at his face. As soon as she gave them their weapons, normal sized sticks this time, just a little bit smaller than a lightsaber, they started attacking each other. Now this blue haired boy was good, very good. It seemed that he had been well trained. Blue haired boy blocked his opponent’s attack with his stick and jumped backwards. Now that caught my attention as it was not a regular jump but an overpowered jumped. People could have skipped that but it was too difficult for me to pass. This boy had definitely received a Jedi training. And with that, I quickly stood up, feeling all the pieces fall into their places. This, this was the boy!The Force user! He was the one who had entered into my mind, steal my memories. I could feel the anger start boiling inside me. The first reaction to this was getting my lightsaber out and slicing the chair I was sitting on. Then I stopped. I had to explain this to the Supreme Leader. Only he could guide me. So i stormed out of the room and hurried to his chambers. This was to be dealt with today and I was to get my revenge. Third Point of View Caleb was going back to the males’ dormitory after their training. His sister was suspiciously reserved, even towards him. And from his 19 years of experience, this silence was definitely not good. But he was going to find out; he always did. He turned the corner, he could almost see the room. God was he tired, I’ll take a shower tomorrow morning, he thought, otherwise I’ll end up falling asleep during my shower. Yet somehow his legs stopped moving. At first he thought this was the result of his lack of energy however when he tried moving again, he just could not. The hell. When he heard the sound of a lightsaber, he gulped loudly. Kylo Ren. “Caleb,” a robotic voice said, making Caleb’s eyes pop with shock. “Quite a show you performed out there,” the glow of his lightsaber reached Caleb before the lightsaber itself. All of a sudden, he was face to face with the red lightsaber, quivering at its sight. “Such skills you have for a regular human,” he said, “But for a trained Jedi, I must say you’re quite average,” Caleb’s heart couldn't have beat harder than that. How did he know? Had he done research on him? Or was it about his performance? Probably, he should've listened to Caera’s warnings about not performing well yet he couldn't help himself. And now he was in trouble. Suddenly he was pushed on a wall by the Force and Kylo Ren watched him take in deep breaths. To say he did not enjoy watching the boy’s fear would be lying as Kylo Ren most certainly did. “You… You were the one who got into my mind without MY permission, how dare…” Kylo Ren said quietly and squeezed his hand. Caleb started screaming as loud as he could but was silenced by him again. The Force was torturing Caleb yet for Kylo Ren, this could have been stopped. Kylo Ren chuckled, Caleb was not as strong as he had expected. “I was supposed to kill you, DESTROY YOU,” he shouted, then went on a dangerously low tone, “But lucky for you, the Supreme Leader has decided on your training; you are to be trained by me about the ways of the Force your little Jedi Master never even knew in his entire life.” With that, Kylo Ren withdrew himself and so did his Force, causing Caleb to collapse. Caleb started taking deep breaths, his hands on his throat, trying to calm down and calm his heart down. He felt like the world had come crashing down on him. Kylo Ren thought he was the one who had entered his mind when, even though he hated to admit it, his Force was not strong enough to do that. He could only perform basic things like levitation. That was why he had focused on his fighting skills more, to cover his one weakness which hurt him the most. “Tomorrow midnight, come to the training room. Your training shall begin.” Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 "Mooker's Inn" , one of the most crowded bars of the planet Denon -and possibly the galaxy- was a good location if one wanted to get 'business' done; it contained a strong underground network of mostly criminals and a few civilians who wanted to work things out as quickly as they could. It was a dangerous place and everyone knew it. So did the 16 year old girl whose entrance to the place had attracted the attentions of many. Which was normal; what would a mere child do in here? The girl was not pleased to be there, that was for sure; her disgust could be read on her face. Yet she had spent days trying to find her location and now that she had found it, she had to deal with it. She walked to the bar and set her dusty backpack on another stool. She had been on road for a few months now and to say that she was tired would be underestimating her suffering. Inside she knew she had deserved this after everything she had done. This was Hell. She ordered herself a drink and observed the crowds. She still doubted her decision to go there; she had no idea what the people -she did not even know if they would be humans- she were looking for looked like. Hell she wasn't sure she would find them there; she was led there by a rumour only. "What is a pretty lady like you doing here?" A high pitched voice said from next to her. She looked to the source of the voice to find a hot pink skinned woman with green curled hair, around 5'6 maybe? At first the girl decided to ignore her or compel her to leave her alone but she realised two things: first, she could use her to find her target and second, she needed someone to pay for her drink. "Work," she said, taking a sip from her drink. “And other stuff too,” she forced herself to sound as flirty as she could, i’ve just hit a new low, she thought sarcastically, “Like this?” the pink skinned creature asked and pulled her in for a kiss. As their lips were about to touch, the blue haired girl leaned towards her ear and whispered, "You will pay for my drink and take me to Ayo Ottara," The pink skinned woman pulled back and repeated her orders. She paid for the blue haired girl's drink and both stood up to get going. Suddenly the blue haired girl was stopped by a grasp on her right arm which made her spin around. She was about to attack when she saw who that was. "Caleb?" She asked, very surprised and somewhat angry. "What the fuck are you doing here?" "I could ask the same Caera," Caleb said as he glared at the pink skinned woman," Making friends I see?" "You shouldn't have come, " she said , "And you shouldn't have left! God damnit do you have any idea how-" "No!" Caera exclaimed, "And i don't want to which is why I left for fuck’s sake! Leave me alone," "And then what? What happens after this? You go and join the First Order?" Caleb asked angrily. "How do you know that?You've been following me?" Caera was now surprised, she had not felt his presence. “ Yes and I'm taking you back. Even if it means using the Force on you," he said which made Caera raise an eyebrow with a smirk "Even you yourself don't believe your Force would work on me," she said cruelly, "Look I'm NOT coming, okay? I-I can't I just can't Caleb." She said, a hint of sadness in her voice,"And you should go back, she's probably worried," Caleb let out a sigh and shook his head angrily. He remained silent for a moment, looking at her eyes directly. Then, suddenly he snapped out of his thoughts, "Not happening, you are my sister. I'm not abandoning you," "No, don't even thin-" "I'll join the First Order with you," Caleb interrupted her and as she opened her mouth to say how dangerous it would be, she was interrupted again, "It's equally dangerous for both us and don't you dare pulling me the I was born a Sith card 'cause I'm not buying it," Caera's eyes were suddenly filled with tears, why was that happening now? "I hate you," she said quietly and with that hugged him tightly, "You don't" he said into her hair. "I'm so, so sorry." "Look who's here, blue number 2!" I rolled my eyes at the sound of Rob and a friend of his who seemed to be waiting for me ever since the training had ended. I was waiting for Caleb; I'd usually walk back to my dorm with him but he was too busy having the chance to be Kylo Ren's padawan. Huh. It had been a week since Caleb had told me about the incident and Kylo Ren's decision to get Caleb as his Padawan. I still could not believe that was happening. Even though a part of me was glad I did not have to fear Kylo Ren -not more than usual anyway- I still could not help but feel funny. At first I had thought this was because of my guilt; my brother had been punished because of my stupidity. But then I realised I was not too bothered about this -which caused me to feel guilt again; it was like a never ending cycle of guilt for me- but I was slightly jealous. I could not help but think that I was supposed to be his Padawan and learn from him not my brother. He could probably not be able to cope with any of the training anyway; he was not strong enough. I had scolded myself off for feeling such things about this issue. I should have felt sadness not jealousy; why was I being jealous anyway? Caleb had saved me from facing Kylo Ren. Still. "What do you want, Robbie?" I asked, facing him. "Not so brave now that your brother's not here to protect you now, huh?" He said sarcastically, which made me roll my eyes. "Oh but wait, you can protect yourself now can't you?" "Damn right I can," I said under my breath, "Now if you're done with your little comments, I'll go before my brain ends up melting with your stupidity." I said and headed to the door but what he said next stopped me. "I know what you did to Shannon and Nibean." "What do you mean?" I asked slowly, "Don't play the stupid now. Now that I think of it, that's what you've been doing all along anyway, right? With your ridiculous fighting skills and shit? All an act?" He walked towards me, "Shannon did not remember a thing from what had happened the night you were injured, but the good thing I could get that out of her head, right?” he said, shit I was screwed. "You are Force-sensitive, just like your brother. If anything I'd say you're stronger than him." "How do you know about any of that?" I asked, trying to get some time in order to think about what to do. “Guess what, I’m also Force sensitive so your bullshit won’t work on me.” He said, it must have been so little; I could barely feel it. I had to make sure he would not say anything about this. "You will not say a word on this," I said, using the Force. Yet the laugh he gave proved to me that he was immune to such. "Nope darling I'm gonna scream around and let this little secret of yours out." "Why'd you do that? For what? Surely anyone knowing that would beneficial for me," I said, "Probably be taken by Kylo Ren, be his Padawan and the strongest person here." "Yet you haven't said anything to anyone, and are trying to talk me out of doing it. But not gonna work," He said and started walking towards the door, "Bye bye darling," A wave of panic hit me; I could not let that happen. If Rob were to speak to anyone, it would not be long until Kylo Ren would be at my door. Suddenly I started feeling that familiar rush of the Force into my body and I formed an idea. I made the door close with the Force and stopped Rob. Frozen at his place, I spun him around. "Now we can't have you running around telling people's secrets, can we?" I said, "If I can't compel you then there must be a way I can shut that mouth for good. " And with that, I cut air from his lungs which made him open his mouth to get oxygen. When he did that, I grabbed his tongue, "Sorry, or not," and ripped it out. Without wasting any time, I broke his arms and smiled in satisfaction at my masterpiece. This way he would never be able to say anything to anyone. Turning back to his friend, I made him come over and ordered him to believe he had gotten into a fight with Rob and made him forget about me. "I warned you Robbie, I really did," I immediately opened my eyes as I sensed a change in the Force balance in the room. It was too much for Caleb: Kylo Ren. I took a deep breath; I could not act the way I had when he had first seen me without my mask. Would look too suspicious. I had to tone it down. I stood up and pushed my braided hair back as I lowered my head for respect. When I looked up, he was there, glorious as ever. I was surely intimidated by his presence yet I was not sure whether I disliked that intimidation or not. The air of confidence and authority he brought was really attracting me to him; to be commanded and controlled by him. I think it was my Sith side screaming to be a part of everything he represented. "You," his robotic voice said and started walking towards me, "You're here every night," it sounded like a question so I replied with a yes. "Interesting," he said and walked closer. Why was he not leaving? "I see you here every morning, why?" So he had been stalking her? Great. “No one’s ever here, sir,” I said, collecting every bit of strength left inside of me to talk to him without stuttering, “I get to think, collect my thoughts, be on my own,” I said, “I like that,” Kylo Ren just looked at me without saying anything. Not being able to see his facial expressions or his eyes bothered me; it made me feel naked. “You always meditate,” he said in his robotic voice after an uncomfortable 2 minutes or so. Okay so we’re going for this then? “Why?” “I-I don’t know s-sir,” his sudden question made me weary, why had he sounded so suspicious? Or was that a general temperament? “I just do, it calms me.” “Why are you afraid? You’re always afraid,” he said and this time, started walking towards me again. It was dark so I could barely see him move -more like his silhouette- yet somehow I could feel him. Every step he took gave me goosebumps. How did he manage to do that? “Only enemies of mine, liars, those who are dishonest should be afraid of me. Are you any of that?” I could feel him in my mind so I refrained from making any sarcastic comments in my mind, “N-no sir, of course not,” I said, starting to play with my hair, an old habit, “You have quite the reputation though, sir” My sentence made him stop and he looked at me as if he wanted to say something -do not ask me how I knew that, I just did- yet did not continue. We stood for a couple of minutes, him pacing around whereas I was randomly looking around, trying not to think about the awkwardness of the situation. Why was he here? He knew I spent all of my early mornings here, so this was not an accident. “Caleb’s your brother,” he stated out of the blue to which I nodded, big mistake. “How do you know that, your memory was supposed to be erased,” and there was the suspicion again. I sighed mentally and started telling him the story Caleb and I had made up on our first day. “Our memories are erased, sir, “ I said, “Well, at least some of them. We were told that our minds were too mature to be completely cleaned,” “How much do you remember?” Kylo Ren asked, “Enough to get me out of bed every morning and do my best,” I said, which was also true. Somewhat. “I know that I’m not the best fighter, nor am I the smartest, yet I don’t think that’s how things work. I’m trying to be better than myself, if that makes sense.” “Why,” he said abruptly stopping his pacing and turning to me, “Why such determination?” “It keeps my soul alive,” I said, “And I can be nothing but a stormtrooper, I don’t really have much to do.” “What would make someone like you to join the First Order?” Kylo Ren asked, continuing with his interrogation. “You don’t seem to fit here, this darkness.” “What makes you say that, sir?” I asked, now interested to see where this conversation would go. Why would he make such a comment. “My observations, ” he said shortly. He did not like speaking and was determined to keep me talking. “I felt like I had to leave sir, I was being suffocated to say the least,” I said, “And my brother followed me.” That was the truth, well half of it anyway. “I never felt like I was part of them and I just said to myself, if I could not be part of something I may as well just be on my own, follow my own path.” Why the hell was I opening up to Kylo Ren, I did not know but it did not feel bad. Huh, that’s new. Kylo Ren made a sound which seemed like surprise or sarcasm. “Why would you not fit in?” he asked, “Because of the Force?” I sighed, okay, I take it back, this was going to be bad. Very bad. “W-what do you mean, sir?” I asked, nervousness reflected in my voice. “Your brother seems to be a trained Jedi, not well but still, trained which means that you lived in a place where Force was a known concept,” Kylo Ren said analytically, “Yet I cannot necessarily sense your Force and your fighting skills are close to terrible, so I’m assuming that you felt outcasted because of that,” If only that was the case, I thought before I could stop myself. Shit. He probably heard that. Before he could speak, I started talking, “My brother had always been encouraged to be a Jedi whereas I… wasn’t,” i said, I had to keep my sentences as vague as possible. “He was the golden boy, whereas I… I was different. Then I took a deep breath. I felt Kylo Ren using his Force to get into my head. I quickly hid some of my secret thoughts and memories and let him roam freely in my mind. I moaned in pain; he was too harsh, too violent. Suddenly, he was out. “You-“ Kylo Ren was interrupted by a stormtrooper entering, “Sir, your presence is required!” he said in a panicked voice. I almost felt Kylo Ren sigh, “What is it?” he asked, ignoring the stormtrooper’s distress. “Sir, one of the stormtroopers, RB-033, he was found with his tongue ripped out and hands broken.” I did my best to suppress a smile forming on my face, which made me feel disgusted immediately. It was my dark side, taking over me every now and then. I shouldn’t enjoy someone’s pain, but I could not help it. “Who did it?” Kylo Ren asked, a hint of anger in his voice. “Another stormtrooper, JF-294, sir,” Kylo Ren spun his head towards me so quick that I thought he might have broken his neck, “This was the stormtrooper who fought you the first week,” he said, “I-I guess, I never really-“ “Stay away from him,” He said and almost put his glowed hand on my right shoulder before stopping himself. His proximity had cut air from my lungs, I could feel my shoulder burning even though he had not touched it. What the hell? Without saying anything else, he hurried towards the stormtrooper who was waiting for him and left the room. I felt his presence disappear. This was one hell of a weird man. Weird and scary. Yet why was my body, my mind, my everything reacted in such a way? Why did I wonder whether he’d be back tomorrow morning? Why did I feel like I had almost… enjoyed talking to him? Kylo Ren’s Point of View As I left the room, I heard the girl’s last thoughts in my head and almost felt like smiling. No, that could not happen. This, any of that, should not have happened in the first place. I did not feel the reason why I had been feeling like I was drawn to her; I should not have watched her meditate every morning. Yet there was something about the way she held herself, she reeked of purity, innocence yet at the same time she was extremely preserved; as if her actual personality was under a veil. As if there was an actual personality to her current one. The way those questions had left my mind were so worrying as I had no control over any of them. I clenched my hand thinking about it. I had to end this before something…something would happen. “What is going on here?” I asked, looking at the two stormtroopers sitting in front of me. One of them was the boy who had fought against my- what, my? THE blue haired girl. He looked guilty and ashamed. The boy next to him, on the other hand, had both of his hands wrapped and unable to speak; his tongue was ripped out. I was not in a position to ask who would do that in a moral sense but the thought that someone was going around injuring our soldiers was quite unpleasing. I looked at Captain Phasma who was trying to communicate with the injured stormtrooper. When she saw me, along with the others, she stood up. “Lord Ren,” she lowered her head in respect, “These boys came here in this state, they apparently had a fight,” “I’m so, so sorry, Robbie,” the stormtrooper said to the other one, “I don’t know what came over to me,” he said, “Hell i don’t even remember how it happened j-just.” “Tell me what happened,” Captain Phasma said. “W-we had waited for the blue haired girl,” the boy started which caught my attention, “R-robbie liked teasing her, he was just going to annoy her and all, t-then s-something happened a-and then i was on top of him, d-doing that. I was so mad, s-so mad,” he said and started to cry. The Robbie boy, on the other hand, kept on making strange noises and looked at me. He wanted to say something. “Do you agree?” I suddenly asked and he violently shook his head as no. “Okay then..” I said and focused on his mind. I reached out to his memories and found the one. There I could see exactly what was happening. Robbie was being attacked by someone else, not his friend. “I warned you Robbie, I really did,” A girl’s voice said and saw her do all of that to him. Interestingly enough, she was blurry so I could not see her face. “Damnit,” I cursed, “That’s not him. The boy, he didn't do it,” “NO SIR I DID IT I DID THIS TO HIM NO PLEASE,” the boy suddenly started to shout which made me raise my eyebrows. He was compelled and there was only one way that could happen. There was someone else on this place with the Force. And I could not help but formulate ideas in my mind. About who she was. Hi guys sorry for the late update school’s killing me! Anyway thank you so much for all of this comments and all that I can’t believe this is actually getting likes lol. Please let me know how I’m going and what you think about the events and also what you want to see happening in this story. Love y’all! Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 One week and two days. It had been a week and two days ever since I had last seen Kylo Ren. I was not sure how that made me felt. I knew it must have made me feel safe; the further he was, the lesser my chances of me saying something which would give my secrets away. And he was an intimidating person in general. The way he would observe me -assuming that was what he did behind that silver black mask of his- without saying a word for minutes and then his too direct questions, as if we were in a constant interrogation; the way his voice lacked emotion, the way talking to him did not make me feel like I was talking to a living being. Then why did I not feel the fear I used to towards him? Maybe I was more relaxed now that he kind of knew about our secret. And I, being the selfish person, had let Caleb suffer because of my mistake so I did not have much to worry about. He was no longer looking for me. And I couldn’t help but feel… intrigued. Curiosity killed the cat, right? I could not help but feel fascinated by him. He did not feel human at all. As if he was designed to do this job; to be a Commander, a Knight of Ren. Seeing him display his curiosity and then his behaviour towards me in the mornings did confuse me as I was still struggling to see why he was trying to… do whatever he was trying to do. Maybe he was lonely and wanted to make friends? I let out a small chuckle, right, being best friends with Kylo Ren and ruling the galaxy together. I sighed and stopped thinking for a second to observe my surroundings. It was yet another morning in which I was trying to meditate. One of Kylo Ren’s question had stuck in my mind; why was I meditating? I had lied to him about how it would calm me down. Huh. That had never worked even though I tried so hard. I always did. Now that I thought of it, it was never because it worked on me or anything, I just wanted to feel like them. “UGH IT’S NOT WORKING!” A 9 year old Caera exclaimed as she got up, frustrated. Her master had been observing her for the last thirty minutes but decided to pretend like he had not. “Young Caera,” he said, approaching her, “Meditation is-“ “A tool to connect with our inner self yes I know,” she rudely interrupted her master. “But I guess mine’s not feeling like it because I CAN’T FEEL ANYTHING,” she half shouted angrily, kicking a pillow. “I can’t I’m not like this. I can feel it, it’s wrong,” she said and kicked the pillow again, this time hard enough to send it flying to the other end of the room. Master Ruami kept on observing the child; he knew this was quite desperate really, he just did not wish to admit it. Meditation, serenity, these were the virtues of Jedi whereas this child screamed passion. However he had promised her parents that he would teach her to repress her Sith side without her noticing. Yet at that very moment, Ruami felt the child’s anger and sadness right in his heart and decided to help her release her anger. He threw her a stick and grabbed one himself. “Master what’s go-“ Before she could finish, Ruami attacked her. It did not take long for Caera to start responding. Ruami had to admit, she was good. Very good. Her swift and delicate movements enabled her to move easily whereas her intense Force helped her see her opponent’s movements beforehand. Soon the girl started calming down and when she realised what had been happening, she stopped. “I understand now, Master,” she said in between her breaths, “Thank you.” I stood up and grabbed one of the fight sticks plastered on the walls. After twirling them for awhile, I started rehearsing every single movement I knew. (15 Minutes later because I’m not necessarily good at writing fight scenes, sorry, just imagine Caera doing some badass moves) I stopped as I felt myself calming down. Being physically active, and sometimes violent, had always helped me. I dropped the stick and stretched my back. “Why do you not fight like that during your training sessions?” I was startled by the sudden, robotic voice coming from the door. I let out a little scream and put my hand on my chest. Kylo Ren, when will you stop frightening me to death? “Was never my intention,” he replied to my thoughts which reminded me of the importance of control again. What I realised at the sight of him was that, first I was not as afraid as i had been on day 1 and second, I had somehow felt better seeing him. Relieved. But i knew he certainly wasn’t. Sure I could not see his face but it did not mean I could not observe him. I had formed this general Kylo Ren schema in my mind with small details, such as his frequent pacing, his body language and the way he’d place his hands on his belt or left them on his sides. Right now, he seemed angry. Very angry. He was taking in deep and frequent breaths and had his lightsaber on his left hand. He was in a crouched position. It was a scary sight. “It’s been awhile, sir,” I said, WHY DID I SAY THAT, “Y-you haven’t been around,” “I have other jobs to do, I’m busy,” he snapped at me and started pacing. His change of routes was more frequent than his usual per 4 seconds. Another indicator of his anger. “Of course sir,” I said slowly and before I could stop myself, I said, “You seem angry,” and then added “If you do not mind, sir,” He looked at me for a second before I felt myself being pushed back to the closest wall and was being Force choked by him. “How would you know that? WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU KNOW ABOUT ME?” he shouted at my face which made me close my eyes. I was close to tears, I could feel my heart beating so fast it could rip off my chest. “O-obseravtions s-sir,” I said shakily, using his words from a previous conversation. He left his Force grip on me which made me fall on my butt and started taking in deep breaths. I looked at him as he stared at me, again. “Hux,” he said almost in a whisper, but I still caught it. When he noticed that he continued, “General Hux, he thinks I do not deserve where I am. That I cannot complete a task given to me. Thinking I’ll fail again … Ugh,” he said angrily, “If only Lord Snoke did not favour him, it’d take me less than a minute to choke and kill him, that parasite,” he said, venom could be felt in his voice. “Sir,” I said quietly, interrupting his thoughts probably. His head spun towards me. “M-may I speak?” He nodded, “I-I do not know what that w-was about but… I don’t think you should let your past define who you are,” personal experience speaking here, “You cannot go back to past and change things. You can and you should only focus on today. You are Kylo Ren,” I said walking towards him, “Everyone fears you, everyone respects you,” I said, getting even closer. I had no control over my body, as if I was watching it from a third point of view. But at the same time, this newly gained confidence of mine along with my vague honesty made me feel good. As well as our proximity with Kylo Ren. He grasped my face with his gloved hand and pushed me onto a wall again, this time without the Force. “What about you? What do you feel?” If only I knew, I thought. That question had been revolving in my mind for so long yet I did not know the answer to it. “I don’t know, sir,” I said honestly, looking at where I thought his eyes would be, “I respect you, I fear you, and other things as well but I cannot name them,” I really couldn’t. He squeezed my cheeks hard enough to bring tears to my eyes. “If you’re lying to me, you know how that ends,” “I have no reason to lie to you sir,” I said, well tried to anyway, “And, y-you’d know, anyway,” which was true. He did have access to my thoughts. He released his grip on my face yet remained close still. I could feel his gaze on my face. His gloved hand came on my face again, but this time started caressing my cheek ever so lightly. His touch was so soft yet so cold and I slightly closed my eyes at his touch. With that, he quickly pulled away from me. “Tonight after dinner, Phasma will take you to me.” he said quickly, as if he was not sure of that himself. And as usual, he left without saying anything else. “I can’t feel my legs I swear,” Caleb said as he sat next to me at dinner. It was the end of the duties for us, and training for him. The lists had been made and, surprise surprise, I had not made it to the war zone troopers list. Which was a good thing. Or bad. I couldn't decide. While I was happy I did not have to kill anyone, I wanted to be active. Do something. Patrolling duties were not really the most fun. Oh well. “He’s going harsh on you I assume?” I asked sarcastically to which he made a weird sound, his way of saying yes. “But it’s not bad,” he said between his bites, “I feel like I’m alive again and he’s helping me strengthen, Force wise,” and went back to eating. Ever since his training with Kylo Ren had begun, I barely saw my brother. While I was on patrolling duties, he had general training with Captain Phasma. Right after that he would train with Kylo Ren. Trainings were overly exhausting and from what he was saying, he expected a lot from him. The stormtrooper who had managed to get into one of the Knights of Ren’s mind. He was asking Caleb to display power he did not have. I just hoped it wouldn’t cause any trouble. Even the mention of Kylo Ren was enough to make me worried at that point. I was supposed to meet with him somewhere. I did not know where but the way he said it made me all flustered. What if he was asking me to go to his chambers? I blushed even more, no, he would not do that. He was not that kind of a being. I wondered if he had felt any sorts of attraction to anyone in his entire life anyway. What if he were a vir- STOP IT GODDAMNIT. I had not told Caleb about my morning chats with Kylo Ren. I had a feeling he would not approve and I did not want him to do anything to stop them, I guess. Talking to Kylo Ren was an interesting experience, always left me demanding for more. “Can we sit?” a voice said, JJ as she called herself, asked with other stormtroopers. Caleb nodded and gave her a smile. She was pretty, I had to admit, with short wavy blonde hair and green eyes. “I gotta go,” I said to him after 10 minutes or so. It was about time. “See you tomorrow,” I said and before he could say anything, I left the dining hall and hurried to the dorms. I was scared, a lot. Come on! Kylo Ren asking me to MEET him at some random place, possibly his chambers. I felt like some sort of a hooker, which saddened me really. But then again, there was this little voice telling me that that was not the case. I took a quick shower and wore a baggy grey and black sweatshirt, black tights and black shoes (we did not really have anything but sports clothes) and let my blue hair free, falling around my waist. I took a quick look at myself and sighed. I got out and was greeted by… “Captain Phasma?” I asked, looking at the huge blonde woman who seemed to be waiting for me. “Kylo Ren sent me,” she said quickly and started walking. After five minutes, we were at an isolated part of the base, in front of huge doors. I gulped and looked at the doors, feeling my face blush. “No one will know,” Captain said and gave me one last look before leaving. I knocked on the door four times and started to wait. I could hear footsteps approaching towards the doors. With a thump, the doors opened slightly. I took a deep breath and whispered to myself, “May the Force be with me,” Never thought I’d say this but I really needed it right now. I entered. Chapter 7 : Chapter 7 “Hello?” I called out before entering the room. Kylo Ren or not, this was another person’s bedroom and entering without permission, or at least letting them know I was here, would be rude. My voice was met with silence. Strange much? I thought sarcastically and took a hesitant step inside, my heartbeats synchronising with my steps. “Helloo?” I called out again. What if he was not here? But that did not make sense, then who had opened the door? The Force? But still, he had to be inside. I started observing my surroundings as I waited for, well, something, anything to happen. His room was quite large really. The first thing one could notice upon the entrance was the huge King sized bed with silky looking white sheets. And I guess that was pretty much one of the only white things. There were huge wardrobes covering the walls, all black, and on the other side of the room, there was a beautiful fireplace with two black armchairs in front, facing each other. Yet the most surprising thing for me to find was a big bookcase right next to the fireplace. I walked towards the bookcase and quickly grabbed a red covered book. I could feel a smile forming on my face, along with a feeling of surprise. It wasn't only the fact that it was the first book I had ever felt ever since my arrival to the Starkiller Base, but it also was my favourite story book from my childhood: "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them". Oh the irony, I thought, finding a childhood storybook in Kylo Ren's huge book collection. The galaxy must surely enjoying this now. I brought the book to my face and smelled the pages, how had I missed the smell of old paper. “I see you like books,” I dropped the book with the panic upon hearing those words -or his voice . I kneeled down to grab it and place it on the bookcase. “My apologies, sir,” I quickly said and turned around to face him. He, as usual, had his mask on but this time with different clothes. He wore a black thin sweater, black jeans and black boots. No gloves, which was weird. He looked… more human now, I guess. I could not help but still feel intimidated by him, even with his normal clothes. Probably the mask. “You must be curious, questioning why I summoned you here to begin with,” He said, walking towards me. He grasped my wrist, “I’ll show you,” and started dragging me towards another door. I could not focus on where he was taking me, the only thing that I could feel was his tight grip on my wrist. Without the gloves, his touch felt so cold but at the same time made me feel hot enough to keep my face as red as a tomato all the time probably. I took a look at his hand grasping my wrist. His pale hand was big enough to keep my wrist in his grip easily and had long and slender fingers. Seeing an actual body part of his reminded me that this was a man after all and not some kind of a robot. I thought so anyway. Lost in my thoughts, I did not realise that he had taken me into a different room. When we got inside, he immediately let go of me and hurried elsewhere. With the loss of heat on my wrist I was back on reality and looked around. Well I tried to before I was thrown something at me. I jumped in surprise and held the thing that was thrown at me. A practice stick. What the- Before I could fully understand what was going on, I was attacked by Kylo Ren. “What the hell?!” I said out loud and backed away from his attacks. “Sir, wh-what are y-“ He did not allow me to finish as I received a painful blow on my side. “OWWW” I let out a tiny shriek. “COME ON, FIGHT ME!” He screamed and advanced again. Before he could attack me, I swiftly moved aside and grasped my stick in the way I was taught. This was KYLO BLOODY REN and he did not seem like he was about to stop. As he advanced again, I blocked him with my stick and pushed him away. Boy was he good. His strength, weight and the fact that it had been close to three years since I had last fought decently made my job way more confusing. And, also my confusion as to I had no idea what was going on. He spun around and attacked again in which I tried to block him yet I could not stop him fully as I felt his blow on my shoulder. I moaned out in pain. “Phasma was right, you ARE pathetic,” Kylo Ren said cruelly, with a laugh and started circling me.”Why are you doing this?” I asked and in return earned another cruel laugh from him. “Just like your brother,” he said,”Probably runs in the family,” “You know NOTHING about my family,” I said angrily, “NOTHING.” He chuckled, realising he had pressed a nerve and continued, “Why? Look at your brother, lacking a decent amount of Force, a terrible fighter.” he tried to strike me again to which I aggressively responded by blocking and hitting back, “Your parents should be just as pathetic, such failures. I bet they were just the proudest when you joined the First Order.” “You need to control your anger; breathe in, breathe out,” I could hear my Master’s voice in my head, just like any moment of anger. Yet this was something else. Maybe because nobody had insulted my family to this extent before; or maybe it was because of Kylo Ren. I could not contain my anger. I would not contain my anger. Kylo Ren tried to advance again but I blocked him with my stick. As he stepped back, probably expecting for me to remain where I was, I jumped and swung my stick as powerful as I could, and also getting some boost from the Force. A crack could be heard due to the contact. He pushed me back and was about to attack again but as soon as I regained my balance, I attacked again. I started swinging my stick as fast as I could, hearing a few thuds from him every now and then. It was the advantage of my surprise attack, I knew, but I was just not going to give up. The only thing that kept my strength was my rage. I was a proper Sith now. Be proud, grandfather. “UGHHHH” I let out a wild scream as I tried to attack again but was blocked by Kylo Ren who began to use his Force to make his strikes more powerful. I tried blocking every attack of his but some found my body to which I was hurt even more. But I did not care; if anything, they made me more powerful. Fuelled the rage inside me. I was losing control but all I saw was red. There were constant sounds of our sticks hitting each other and my loud grunts. The way he fought was so elegant but at the same time so dark. The fight went about 10 more minutes before Kylo Ren knocked me down, kicked my stick away and put his beneath my neck. I was heavily breathing. I did not want to accept defeat. He looked upon me and laughed, knowing his effect on me. Without looking, I felt my stick coming back to me and rolling aside, I jumped back on my feet and managed to strike him a blow right below his chest. He grunted and dropped his stick. All of a sudden I was flown to the other side of the room, hitting my head so bad I could feel tears forming in my eyes. I looked up to see Kylo Ren walking towards me. It was only until that very moment did I realise what I had done. I felt myself being lifted by the Force and was on the same level as Kylo Ren now. Suddenly I was being choked. “How dare..” he said robotically, anger evident in his voice, “Y-you…” he said and squeezed his hand which meant more choking for me. I started to cough violently and grasped my neck in need of more oxygen. “I-I…” I could not speak. Then I blacked out. As I regained my consciousness, the first thing I noticed was I was not on my bed. I looked around to find myself in a huge bed, under silky sheets. Then, all the memories of what had happened started flooding in which caused me to groan. Kylo Ren was nowhere to be seen which gave me a chance to leave the place for good. I tried to get out of the bed as quietly as I could and put my trainers -which had been removed apparently,- back on. I bit my lip to refrain myself from letting out a pained cry. It seemed like I had hurt my sides. They felt like they were bandaged. I stood up and walked towards the doors on my tiptoes. I was so close to leave, so close! But when had I ever had such luck to manage that anyway? I was frozen. “Going somewhere?” A deep voice behind me said. I gulped. Busted. “I w-wanted to leave sir, without causing you trouble,” I said, my back still facing him. But I could not turn around. He stopped using the Force on me and ordered me to face him. I turned around, trying to be mentally prepared for the explanation I had to make about that fight. “I told you,” he said through his mask, “Only enemies of mine, liars, those who are dishonest should be afraid of me. And you lied to me,” I felt his hand around my neck, when had he gotten that close to me? “I hate liars.” When I did not respond, he slightly squeezed my neck, “I know that it was you who did that to the stormtrooper. Why?” I did not respond, “I SAID WHY.” He screamed at me, squeezing my neck then letting me go completely. “H-he annoyed me,” I said. It wasn’t a lie. He was annoying. “He deserved it,” He didn’t seem to buy it though, yet he did not give it away. “And who are you to decide that?” Kylo Ren asked, “Last time I checked, you did not make such decisions, I do. I should kill you, punish you,” He said angrily, starting to pace around. “But I… I cannot..” he said slowly, almost inaudible. With a louder voice, he continued, “I will not, ” “You’ve got such fighting skills yet never made a single attempt do perform well during trainings. You have the Force and you know how to use it. Why did you lie to me? Why did you hide your abilities?” “I…I do not want anything to do with it,” i said slowly, looking at him, “I just th-thought maybe if I could keep it undercover, I wouldn’t have to deal with it. It’s-,” I still do not want to be a freak, I thought, my initial feelings back when I was ‘home” surfacing. “You think I’m a freak?” he asked, “N-no, I just-I don't want to have this, never did.” I said honestly. Kylo Ren pondered for a few minutes before he spoke again. “If I catch any of your lies ever again, I will end you for good. Understood?” he asked. I nodded. “We’ll start on working on your abilities as well. You’re most certainly better than Caleb; not restricted to your thoughts, led by your passion.” he said, the last part more thoughtfully. “No,” I said, “No I-I refuse to be trained. I don’t want this. I don’t want anything to do with this,” I said, emphasising anything. “You. Will. Comply.” He said dangerously. “You will do as I say!” “NO!” i screamed angrily and just for a moment, heard a crack from one of his mirrors. He did not seem to have noticed. I felt his gaze on me and was, for the first time, glad that I did not have to see his face. I looked at my shoes, unable to maintain what I assumed it to be an eye contact. I heard a click and a strange noise before something was put on the ground with a loud thud. I looked up to ask if I could leave. Yet there was a problem not allowing me to function properly. Here was Kylo Ren. Unmasked. I felt my eyes widen as I saw his face. T-this was Kylo Ren? I could not believe my eyes. I had always expected him to be a middle aged man with a grumpy scowl on his face. Instead I was greeted by a man around his mid 20s, black locks covering his face, a pale, spotted skin and a slightly big nose. I had to admit, he was not your typical handsome man but he was extremely attractive. Just looking at him made my body -especially certain parts- tingle and I tried my best not to look like a tomato. The way he looked at me… I could not describe it but it made me squirm yet at the same time took my breath away. I gulped, oh boy, I was screwed. “What?” He asked. His voice sounded more natural without the mask, I could feel myself being drawn to it. “N-noth-nothing,” I said quickly, pushing a strand of hair in front of my face to cover it. I didn’t want him to see my face blushed like that. He said something so quietly that I could not understand it so I asked him to repeat himself. “I said, what. do. you. think.” he said, anger in his voice. I faltered for a moment, taken aback; how was I supposed to describe him? Beautiful, good looking, attractive, hot, sexy- He let out a chuckle, “I’d go for the latter,” he said. I loved the way his voice sounded; his chuckle was beautiful. Goddamn it, too much attraction. “Leave now,” Kylo Ren said, literally commanding me. That hurt, “What, expecting any special treatment?”he asked cruelly. This was a different side of him; Kylo Ren with the armour and mask had more of a God effect; he would not act or any anything which displayed too much emotion, his human side -other than anger, fury; those he displayed on a daily basis. Yet the Kylo Ren I had in front of me was different. Maybe it was that I was finally able to see his facial expressions and could read his body language more clearly; he was arrogant. The way he looked at me was weird; I could see arrogance, fury and something else, something extremely passionate. This was his human side. And his human side was treating me like a leftover hooker. Nice. “I never did, and I will. Have a good day, sir,” I said with a sudden wave of confidence and left the room with my head high. “What the fucking hell Caera?!” Caleb shouted angrily after I had told him everything. “For fucks sake after all this time of you telling ME to be careful, you went all SHIT on Robbie?!What?” “Can you-“ i said getting closer to him “calm down Caleb? Keep it down,” And with that, I grabbed him and took him to my spot. The old training room where he could scream however he wanted. Because it seemed like he was just about to do that. “Why would you do that? HOW would you do that? I saw him he looked terrible like-you ripped the man’s TONGUE out,” he said in a disgusted voice. “He knew it, Caleb, he knew what happened to Sharon, he knew about me. And he was going to tell Kylo Ren about it.” “Oh my, I-I can’t believe it. I took the blame for that whole memory access thing!” Caleb said, angrily shaking his head, “Do you know the shit I had to go through? The mental ordeal because of me failing to do something I just can’t. He thinks I’m YOU, Caera. The only thing you had to do was to stay out of trouble but now he also knows about you and your Force sensitivity and then he’ll know about how we lied to him and- he HATES liars, Caera, he’s gonna choke us to our deaths.” Caleb was rambling now. “Hey hey hey look, I will make sure nothing happens to you, okay?” I said, holding his shoulders. Instead of letting me hug him, though, he shrug off my hands and took a few steps back. “I can’t believe you did that. Y-you’re not my sister, my sister wouldn’-“ “Wouldn’t what? Wouldn’t do that? Wouldn’t use people to get her shit done?” I snapped angrily, “Well bad news for you Caleb but your sister’s a fucking Sith; I am everything you don't want me to be.” then added, “I’ve done worse anyway.” Caleb gave me one last look before leaving the room. I sighed and literally growled in anger. For the next month or so, I never saw Kylo Ren. He never showed up at the old training room -and i was not sure whether that made me happy or not- yet always sent someone to take me to him for training. Somehow he never came personally; I was expecting him to show up at some point and drag me to his room but he did not. And every time he sent someone to take me, it was usually Captain Phasma, my answer was a firm no. I would not. And I was determined to keep him out of my life. Little did I know I would end up running back to Kylo Ren for his training and more soon. Chapter 8 : Chapter 8 Blue haired girl sighed as she heard her name being called downstairs. She was busy trying to levitate her books by using the Force, as her Master had ordered her to do so. Could her mother not understand that? “Caera! Downstairs now, we’ve got a visitor!” Caera sighed as she got off her bed; at least now she had an excuse to use whilst explaining while she could not levitate anything without making them crack or worse, causing explosions. She jumped over the pieces of her cup she had previously tried to bring to her from her desk. Her powers, as Master Ruami had said, were too intense and she had to learn to control them without being too destructive. As Caera walked downstairs, she could hear a familiar laughter, sounding like a roar, coming from the kitchen which lit her eyes. It was her father. She ran towards the kitchen and literally jumped onto her father, locking him into a tight hug. Aeron, her father, chuckled as he lifted the girl up and hugged her back. Her father was one of the leaders of the Jedi of her planet. In times of a Jedi hunt, this secluded planet surprisingly had an abundance of Jedi, mostly gathered by Aeron and a few other people who had helped these Jedi escape oppression and come to Quamor, her planet. It was an extremely small planet divided into 4 towns, all included dozens of young Jedi, all trained by Master Ruami. Isobel coughed slightly and Aeron let Caera wriggle free, fixing her hair. “Caera, I want you to meet a real good friend of mine -ours-, Leia Organa, or do you prefer Solo?” Isobel asked playfully with a chuckle. “Oh please,” the woman said, rolling her eyes, “Only in Han’s dreams,” Caera turned around to greet the visitor. Leia Organa crouched down a little bit and offered her hand to shake Caera’s, “A pleasure, young lady,” she said respectfully. She was wearing a navy baggy top and tight black trousers, along with black shoes. Her hair was braided and rolled around her head as a crown. As soon as their hands touched, however, Caera started feeling nauseous. She immediately pulled back. “Caera,” Aeron called out warningly, “ That’s rude now isn’t it?” Caera could not help herself, something about that woman made her feel extremely sick; the sight of her gave her a headache. “I’m sorry,” she forced herself to say, “I-I feel sick, I’ve got a session with Master Ruami,” she mumbled and left. “So sorry about her behaviour,” Isobel said as she handed Leia a glass of Oliachi, their traditional drink. “Don’t worry about it, Ben’s exactly the same, children,” she said jokingly. Aeron, Isobel and Leia spent some time talking about random subjects, from family to current political affairs. Her visit had been so sudden, Isobel had not seen her for a couple of years, ever since she had left Alderaan right after Isobel’s wedding to Aeron there, her home planet. As if he had read her mind, Aeron began speaking, “So, Leia, it’s wonderful that you’re here but I have a feeling this is not a casual visit,” Leia sighed, “I’m afraid you’re right, my friend,” she took a gulp of her drink, “I need to ask a favour,” “What is it?,” Isobel said, worried now. “You see, I’ve been suspicious of some activities from the remainders of the Empire for awhile now and I’ve just received some intel that they have become more active than ever. I fear another organisation, like the Empire, is about to advance.” Aeron let out a frustrated sigh. “And so, I’ve been gathering a few people now but I cannot trust anyone but you two, I trust you with my life, you know that,” Leia said looking at both of them. “What are you exactly asking us to do, Leia?” Isobel asked. “Look, we cannot afford to see the repetition of our history; we cannot have another Empire. I need you,” she said holding both Aeron and Isobel’s hands, “to join the Resistance,” “Stormtroopers, meeting in 10, will be held in Room 610” I was patrolling with another fellow stormtrooper when Captain Phasma’s message was sent to our masks repeatedly. I looked at MK, as he called himself, silently asking if he knew anything about this. He just shrugged his shoulders, “Let’s find out,” We walked to Room 610, the largest meeting area on this base, which meant that whatever was to be announced, it was going to be some huge thing. It also meant that I was going to see Kylo Ren soon. I did not know why but that got me excited; I had not seen him for awhile and to be honest, I was not sure whether I was happy or not. My eyes scanned to area to find pastel blue hair similar to mine. Since it was a general meeting, it meant every single stormtrooper on the base was present, making my job difficult. After a good 15 minutes, I found Caleb sitting by himself at the right hand corner of the room and walked towards him. “Hey,” I said before I sat down, “Do you know what this is about?” “No,” he said simply, not looking at my direction. I sighed, he had been like this ever since our argument which saddened me. The last thing I needed in my life to argue with Caleb and he was not exactly being cooperative. I literally felt his presence in the room as soon as he stepped in. It felt like something had physically contacted my body. I had to admit, it excited and scared me at the same time. I was too afraid to look up to him but promised myself to glance just for a short few moments. He was wearing his usual armour and mask, looking like a robot. I couldn’t believe this man was the same man whom I had seen in that room a month ago. I had dazed off which was a big mistake as when I refocused, I saw that Kylo Ren was, in fact, meeting my gaze; he had caught me staring at him. I immediately felt my cheeks burn and looked away. “Stormtroopers,” Captain Phasma’s voice rang; she, unlike the rest of the stormtroopers, had her mask on. “As you know, we went through structural changes a couple of months ago, helping us to differentiate between the skilled warriors and the less skilled ones. Whether you noticed or not, you went through a series of tasks and we have managed to pick 250 stormtroopers who will be on our new army. You will be alerted if you’re one of the chosen ones(had to do it, was tempted, sorry Anakin),” I stopped listening to the rest of the meeting, seeing that I was 10000000% sure that they had not chosen me; I had been working hard not to attract attention to myself in that sense. The only problem here could be Kylo Ren whom I had a chance to fight against but I somehow didn’t think he’d say anything. My chain of thoughts were broken by Caleb’s gasp beside me; it wasn’t loud enough to be heard by anyone but me. This caught my attention and I started focusing on what Captain Phasma was saying. “… and therefore there will be a number of military actions taken against certain parts of the planet; especially its capital D’jar which is predominantly-“ My eyes were wide with shock when I heard the capital of the planet they were talking about. D’jar, D’jar was a name I had not heard for awhile. A name which I tried to forget so much, along with the other things of my past. It was the capital of my home planet. And that meant that the First Order was planning a mission. On my planet. I could feel my heartbeat accelerate unlike my brother who did not give any signs of life. Which I couldn’t notice. I noticed nothing, I felt nothing. I felt so numb. As if I was not alive. Yet at the same time my body was violently shaking. The rest of the meeting went by and people left one by one, other than Caleb and I. When everyone left, Caleb stood up and shook his head angrily, making his blue locks jump around. A habit of his. “What the hell.” he said in a normal voice, then screamed, “WHAT THE FUCKING HELL? WHAT THE FUCKING FUCKING FUCKING HELL?” His voice echoed yet I couldn't tell him to keep it quiet, like I usually would. Had I been able to control my voice, I would have done the same thing. “I can’t believe it, hell,” he gave a humourless laugh, "I'm going to fight against my people." He walked towards the huge windows, his back facing me, "I'm going home," he said now in a quiet whisper. I did not know what I was feeling, the numbness was giving its way to pain. Both physical and mental pain. I had worked hard to repress everything I had in my memory about my old life in Quamor and now it was all coming back to me now. Not that I had a wonderful life in Quamor; not really. I lived in a tiny town and it did not take long for people to find out what was wrong with me. And obviously the fact that my crystal was not blue but red was a massive deterrent for others to be my friends. What about my family? No grandparents, uncles and aunts on neither sides. And my father, well, that's a complete different story... So it was not about the people, it was the memories, the terrible memories I had which made me feel sick. Quamor reminded me of a past I had tried to forget. It may sound rather ridiculous to you, my thoughts and worries. Because really, I had nothing to do with this mission. I had received nothing whereas Caleb had so I could just completely ignore the existence of such a mission and keep on with my life. "I have to go," I mumbled. Caleb looked at me, trying to understand what I was talking about, "To Quamor, I have to go to Quamor, I have to be there." I was beginning to suspect that I had masochism in me. Whilst even the mere thought of the planet itself gave me cramps, I wanted to go. I just did. "So you wanna go, huh?" Caleb said mockingly, "Well you can't,you're not selected." "Well you'll get me in," i said, "I'll steal someone's armour and you know pretend to be them. It's rather easy really," Caleb let out another heartless laugh, "It's so easy for you, isn't it? Stealing, pretending to be someone you're not. Do you know what they'll do to the person whose armour you've stolen?" He surely didn't like the blank stare I had given him, "What am I even telling you? Do you even have the capacity to care for others? It's always about you, right?" "What are you talking about? I never sa-" "Everything's always about you right? Oh look at poor Caera, has no friends, awh look at Caera, can compel a dozen of people at the same time. Caera this Caera that. No wonder you've developed such a selfish character. Even the death of dad was all about you wasn't it! But guess what," he moved close to me, our faces inches apart, " I was there too, I was hurting. Yet I've always been here for you, ALWAYS. But this," he held my shoulders tightly, "You don't deserve this, you don't deserve to go to Quamor," "You think this is an award or something?" I asked, "You're being asked to kill your people, Caleb!" "Look ugh I don't care I just-" "Wanna see mum," we finished the sentence together and I continued, "I know th-that's how I feel, I think, and I need your help," "So you wanna see mum, huh? Well should've thought about it before you left for the First Order," he said bitterly, and dragged me with you. "What?" I exclaimed angrily, "You can't seriously blame me for this because I tried to stop you! I never asked for any of this! I never asked for YOU to come with me, remember?" "I had to, goddamnit I-" "What's going on here?" One of the generals asked us from the doorway. “None of your business," I said and used the Force to dismiss him. Caleb gave me a one last look before storming off, leaving me with my own thoughts once again. If I was told I would end in front of the same huge doors a few weeks ago, I would've laughed my heart out. Yet here I was, in front of Kylo Ren's bedroom, waiting for him to open the door. It was an ungodly hour and I was expecting him to tell me to leave really. As I waited expectedly, the doors were opened and Kylo Ren stood in front of me with all his glory. His mask was not adjusted which meant that he had it off and tried to wear it as quickly as he could. Seeing that single flaw made a small smile form on my face as his maskless face popped into my mind. Why did he have to cover his face? It took him a moment to say something, "You shouldn't be here," he said matter o factly. "How did you get into this section?" With the help of the Force of course, "I have my ways, may I come in, sir?" He walked out of my way, allowing me in. "Don't call me sir," he said which caught me by surprise. "Then what should I call you?" I asked looking at him. "Nothing just no sir, reminds me of the petty followers of that imbecile, Hux," Right, they didn't get along. I should have noticed, he looked extremely tense just like that night. "You look tense," I said, taking a step towards him. "How would you know? You can't see my face and you value the importance of facial expressions, that's how you read people." So he had been in my mind multiple times "Yes, it's rather... Fascinating," he said, taking another step towards me, "Though some parts are unaccessible, wonder why..." He ended thoughtfully. "And to answer your initial question as to why I wear this mask," he referred to my previous thoughts, "Helps me maintain my authority," I had not expected such an honest confession, "I'm exhausted, won't happen again," "You certainly don't need the mask for authority, people already respect you," "Respect me or fear me?" He asked. "Don't they reach to the same conclusion? Does it matter?" I asked. "It doesn't, does it?" he said quietly and brought his hands to his mask and with a click, his mask was removed and he placed it down. I didn't think I'd ever get over with the waves of shock, or fascination, I felt by seeing his face. As he pushed his locks out of his face I couldn't help with the way I felt. There was no denying that this man was attractive and made me feel things I had never felt. "Funny, you had crossed my mind before you appeared in front of my door," I could now hear his voice clearly with emotions behind them. His huskiness made me shiver. Was it…Was it lust I was hearing in his voice? ”Not a good thing, I don't even know why," We were now extremely close, close enough to make me feel alarmed but also something else. He started playing with one of my blue curls and twirled it around his fingers. Even though I was highly enjoying this moment, I knew I had to break this tension. "I need to talk t-to you, ask for something," I said quietly, looking up to Him. Our gazes met as he let go of my hair, "I-I want to reconsider your offer, about being your Padawan." "And why's that?" He asked. "I felt like I was being unreasonable and I could learn so much from you, from the dark side. I don’t want to waste the Force in me,” I hoped this was what he wanted to hear really. "Now I can't quite see that as the truth," he said warningly. He had seen through my lie and given me another chance, last chance, to tell him the truth. “Fine…I thought I'd be happy with the patrolling but it's not my thing. I'm bored and I want to be in action. I can’t contain myself. And you've seen the way I fight, I could be a valuable asset to the Order." He pondered for a moment, "Hmm, if I say yes, you'll do exactly as I say," The way he looked at me and the way he said it was more than enough to set my cheeks on fire. He saw that and let out a chuckle. I could hear that voice everyday of my life and still not get bored. "You're so easy to excite, aren't you?" He asked and I felt the tension come back. Oh boy. I felt him enter my mind and go through my accessible memories. "Never been this close to the opposite sex before, hmm, never even been kissed..." He brought his face dangerously close to mine, shit, was that really happening? My heart was about to explode, I was about to be kissed by Kylo Ren. He was going to be my first kiss. I was about to have my first kiss. I licked my lips in worry, what if I ended up being shit at it? I could feel his breath on my skin, his lips only inches away from mine... "Well, the answer is no." "What?" i snapped out of my daze in an instant and backed off, "B-but why?" "Because it's too late, I'm no longer interested in training you. You still lack the enthusiasm for learning the ways of the Force and not telling me the truth." I could feel my eyes fill with tears of anger because of the rejection: in both senses. He had toyed with me again, reminding me of whom I was talking to. For just a moment, I saw him take in the effect of his actions on me, dimming the light in his eyes. But it was replaced with arrogance. Again. "Well thank you for your time, sir, and I highly assure you that this inconvenience will not take place again." With that, I left the room, feeling both ashamed but also angry. I was not going to give up. I HAD to go to Quamor. If not plan A, then surely Plan B would work. (1 week later) "Hey," I approached JJ's bed. She was hurrying to get ready for the mission as she was the only one left in the dormitory, other than me. She looked quite surprised that I was even talking to her. "H-hi, you alright?" "Yeah, well I am. Listen there's something I need to tell you." I said with a fake worry in my voice, "It's about Caleb, I'm doing him a favour really but it really is a private matter so..." The stormtrooper's eyes lit at the mention of my brother. It did not take a fool to see that she fancied my brother. "Oh okay! It's gotta be quick though I need to meet the others in 10 minutes." "Don't worry, it won't take us too long!" I said with, again, fake enthusiasm. I took a deep breath before I began, "You will give me your armour, your code and you will act as if you've never been chosen as a warrior until the next time you see me." JJ nodded and automatically stripped herself off her armour, leaving with blue tights and a grey tank top. "Thank you oh and you will forget about this conversation." With that, I quickly put the armour on and grabbed my bag full of clothes. "Attention, Warriors, make yourselves present at Gate G-78." With that, I made my way to the Gate G-78. Chapter 9 : Chapter 9 PART I: You know what happens when you don’t think a plan thoroughly whilst devising it and then decide on putting it in action? Well, let me tell you that. It’s not good. So here I was, sitting in one of the smaller sized spaceships on my way to Quamor. I had obviously ignored the fact that, firstly, I was going to have to remove this mask sooner or later; I could not keep it on forever. I also had a feeling Caleb would not help me out with this. At all. Well, at least Kylo Ren was apparently not going to be present in this mission, seeing it too unimportant. Our general was Captain Delta who was not responsible for the unit I was in so at least in that sense I could pretend to be JJ and he would not understand. Or so I hoped. Yet I had something in mind; I knew why I was really here and I was not going to leave until I managed to do so. The spaceship landed and everyone started getting out. It felt as if my heartbeats were drum beats now, they were so loud and so painful. I was not sure if I had made the right decision. There was a reason why I had left this place. Was I actually ready for such confrontation? At the same time, I began to felt a small pang of homesickness I had never felt before. I was home after all. Taking a deep breath, I walked out of the spaceship. I was definitely not ready with what I saw. “Oh my…” I mumbled looking around. Maybe a quick information about Quamor could be useful. It is a relatively small planet with only a few cities placed rather closely. All 6 cities were gathered in one area and the rest of the planet was covered with mountains, forests and lakes. It had always reminded me of a dark dream; not a nightmare, but had a dreamy vibe with a little bit of a darkness, haunted feeling in it. The cities were quite small, hell they might as well not be called cities but towns, and were designed in a very organised way. I felt a hand grasp my arm and turn me around. It was Caleb. “What the hell are you doing here?” he asked harshly. Shit. “Hi Caleeb,” I said, changing my accent and making my voice more high pitched in a cheerful tone. “Stop bullshitting me, Caera,” he said in a “I’m so done with you” voice. “I told you not to come.” “And I told you I’d find a way to do so.” I said, going back to my normal self, “And here I am.” “What do you plan on achieving with this?” He asked, “Is this you seeking redemption?” I opened my mouth to reply but my eyes drifted to a huge black thing behind Caleb. That huge black thing was… Kylo Ren! “You’ve got to be kidding me,” I mumbled again. Caleb looked behind and then chuckled, “Well, you’re screwed. Should have just listened to me.” “What’s wrong with you?” I asked, something had changed. Never in any of our fights had Caleb been this distant, acting like nothing but an enemy. “I’m tired, okay? I just am,” and with that, he left. I sighed, feeling a little bit guilty. Caleb had never belonged here really, even though he seemed to enjoy being the golden boy and socialising with other stormtroopers, he was a pure Jedi after all. He was not like me. I heard my code being called and walked towards the person shouting. It was Captain Delta. “You all will go to the City Hall and collect every single government documents you can get for the Empire era. We believe this planet not only has valuable information about the Resistance bases but also evidence of Jedi presence.” I felt Kylo Ren’s gaze linger on me for a moment before leaving my sight. Our group of 10 stormtroopers went to the City Hall where we were greeted by the death stares of the employees. Yet no one dared to do anything; in fact their boss greeted us with the fakes smile she could muster. It hurt but not as much as I had anticipated; after all, I was used to receiving those looks. “Welcome, we were expecting your presence,” the woman said in a straight voice, “Here are all of the documents on the first families-” “The plan has changed,” GH-921 said. “We also want all the information you have on the Resistance bases.” The woman’s face fell and she uncomfortably fixed her skirt before replying, “We do not have such information,” she said through her teeth. I could see right through her lie. And it seemed like I was not the only one. “Give us. The information.” GH-921 said, grasping the woman’s arm and twisting it, which earned a tiny scream from her. “W-Wait, wait!” Another voice rang in the room and a man ran towards us. He could not have been more than 3 years older than me. He had shaggy blond hair, pale green eyes and pale skin. He seemed quite familiar, I just did not know- “Arin Mjora,” he introduced himself, “I’ll help you j-just let her be,” I did my best not to give an extreme reaction yet I felt my heart skip a beat when he said his name. How could I forget about him? Arin, my Arin… “Do you need help?” The blue haired girl, aged around 12, was startled by the voice which had sneaked up on him. She was too focused on her mathematics homework which was literally killing her. She much rather fought against Wookie’s, she thought. It was also a normal reaction seeing that she was on top of a tall tree, and was not expecting anyone to be there. “Pff I’m-I’m fine,” she said in a hostile tone. She was not usually approached by people; and when she was, it was usually to mock her. “You can leave,” Instead, the boy climbed on top of the branch she was on and sat next to her. “Master Ruami sent me, he’s looking for you, you know,” he said, “But I can help you before you give in your assignment.” “Just go,” she said, now fully taking the boy next to hers image. He was blond with green eyes and was one of the liked kids in her mathematics class. Arin Mjora. When she realised he was not leaving, she decided she could use some company. “How did you find me anyway?” “Fine I lied,” he said which earned himself a look from Caera, “Ruami’s not looking for you, I just-I wanted to be alone and didn’t know you were here so…” he trailed off. Caera chuckled darkly, her eyes still fixed in her book though she was no longer focused, “Why would someone like you wanna be alone?” “Parents,” he sighed. Caera was not expecting him to actually say anything on that, “Perks of not having the Force,” that gripped Caera’s attention. This boy had the only thing Caera ever wanted: a normal, Forceless life yet was still sad. “You should be thankful, trust me,” Caera said sarcastically. “Nope, my parents are… They are both Force sensitive and my mum’s a Jedi so she hoped I’d be like them. But i’m just like… this,” This as in super intelligent and extremely charming, Caera thought, how bad. “Hey,” Caera said, “You-you seem cool and you’re smart, like a walking calculator. And there are other things, better things than being a Jedi,” she said awkwardly. Why was she comforting the kid, she had no idea. The boy gave the cutest smile which caused Caera to feel something she had never felt before: butterflies in her stomach. Here was the first and the only boy I had ever had feelings for her, putting himself under the risk as usual. This made me smile bitterly; he was still the same pure boy I had loved. GH-92 and I were led to a room by Arin where thousands, maybe more, files were kept in. Quamor would always keep the highly important documents as hardcopies in order to avoid any access to them by others. “Here’s what you want,” he said and left the room. We started working with GH-92. After approximately thirty minutes of interrogation and gathering of documents, we were ready to go. There was this pang of jealousy when I saw the way Arin embraced the boss -whom now I believed to be his partner- yet there was a bigger question mark about our mission. We were told that our mission was to get all the relevant information about the Jedi and Quamor but the way everyone spoke around me made me feel like the First Order was going to stay longer than that. When I talked to GH-921my suspicion was confirmed; we were to remain here for almost more than a week. This meant that the whole planet was to be navigated by the Order. This would surely give me some time to go to my town. I still did not know why I had to but every time I thought about my town, I heard a calling. I was sure of that. Whilst carrying documents, I came across to the list of all the Force sensitive children ever lived on the planet. I immediately went through it and found my family’s documents. I quickly removed mine and Caleb’s and threw them into a group of bushes covering the area. But when it came to my parents’, I removed their pictures plastered on the documents and put it into the tiny pockets the armour had before throwing them right next to mine and my brother’s. I certainly did not need any trouble related to this. When we returned to our main area, we handed the documents to Captain Delta. “Sir,” I asked, changing my accent and making my voice high pitched; i still had to sound like JJ, “There has been an ongoing problem with my mask and I have failed to receive the full orders; I was wondering if I could learn our duties for the rest of the mission.” I used a little bit of the Force so that he would be more ‘encouraged’ to talk to me. “We have three other districts to investigate yet I reckon there won’t be too much of a problem. The people of this planet are rather… compliant,” he said, “It will only be investigation really,” “Thank you sir,” I said, a plan already forming in my mind. “Oh and, by the way, you will forget about me being on this mission,” I said, compelling him using the Force. He repeated what I said and nodded. I smiled and walked back to the ship. It was now dark and the stormtroopers were building their own sleeping facilities. I used this chance to sneak in the ship and grabbed my bag. I did not how this was going to end really; I did not know how I would return, if I could return. And then there was Kylo Ren. Every time he showed up he just somehow managed to destroy my plans, my order. I shut down all of my thoughts as I removed my armour and wore black harem pants, a black long sleeved and slightly cropped top and a black long hood to cover my face. I knew I had distinct features, my hair basically, which could give away my identity and to be honest, that would be the last thing I needed. I put up the hood and existed the ship. If I, however, had been careful enough, I might have noticed a black shadow watching my every step. If only I had been… The town I had grown up in was only a couple of hours away from the capital. But that did not make the journey necessarily easy as the town was surrounded by the woods; woods that the majority of my childhood had passed in. While I was walking, I heard a couple of laughs and gun noises, followed by a group of boys approaching to me. Here we go. “OIIII,” a short kid shouted, “Look at what we’ve got here,” “Hellooooooo ladyyy,” another slurred, barely walking. They were being supported by their less drunk friend. He left him and started running towards me. He lacked control whilst running so as I moved aside, he couldn’t stop and tripped over his own legs. With that, he couldn’t get up. “BRE!” the short kid shouted, “Y-youuu can’t do thiiss,” he shouted and removed a knife. I sighed, I seriously did not have time for this. As he also advanced on me, I immediately made him freeze with the Force and started lifting him up in the air. “I usually wouldn’t bother,” I said in a tired voice, “But I am kind of in a hurry and a messed up state of mind so,” with a wave of my hand, the boy flew approximately ten metres away. His friend looked at me, wide eyed and then ran to help his friends. As I began walking again, I could feel someone following me. Probably one of the boys, I thought. “Okay, do you really want me to d-“ I turned around to face my follower and froze. It was, unfortunately, the one and only Kylo Ren. I didn’t know what to say; I was sneaking out of a mission I was not supposed to be in in the first place! What could I say? I gulped and started to wait for him to speak. “Lower the hood,” were his first words. I immediately obeyed, and pushed the hood back, feeling more exposed than ever. “You should have told me about the reason for your desire to join this mission, Caera, ” he said, the way my name rolled off his mouth made me shiver. How did he know? “I found the files,” he said, removing a file with my name on it from his armour. “You look rather young here but the hair gives it away,” he chuckled, was Kylo Ren really joking right now? In a second his hand was raised and he was choking me. My hands flew to my neck and I started coughing violently to be able to breathe again. “Did you really think you could fool me?” he asked, walking around me now. I made random sounds which made him stop choking me. He really was expecting an answer for that. I fell to the ground and gasped for air. He gave me a couple of minutes before I answered, “N-no,” I said, “I just h-had to. Now you know. Just let me go.” “You could be a spy for all I know,” he said suspiciously, “A spy for the Resistance.” “You know that’s not true,” I said, getting up. “You feel it,” “I need more than feelings; I need proof.” He said, “I’m coming with you,” “No no no no,” I said quickly, deja vu I thought, “That’s not happening!” He gave me a glare, I think, which basically reminded me who was in charge. “Look, I just can’t go unnoticed with the commander of the First Order you know!” Which was true. I was already hated back in where I was going. Me plus the galaxy’s most hated person would not equal to something good. Also I didn't know what I really wanted to achieve by going there in the first place. Having Kylo Ren would only confuse me even more. “Why do you want to go unnoticed?” He asked taking me aback. When I did not reply, he walked closer to me, “I am coming with you.” he said, this time letting me know that it was not up to discussion. “Why?” I asked, I really was curious. “I have to make sure you’re not a spy,” he said which I knew was a lie. But I also knew I couldn’t discuss anything at that point. “At least remove that mask,” I said, “We don’t want you shouting the First Order,” To my surprise, he actually took it off. I could never, ever get my eyes off his face which was strange after getting used to seeing the mask. Not that I was complaining; he was a beautiful person indeed. So beautiful and dark. The perfect combination. “If your gawking has ended,” he said, “Let’s get going, we don’t have much time.” PART II: “So you have received Jedi training,” I was startled by Kylo Ren’s voice again. We had been walking in silence for awhile now; I had not expected him to try and start a conversation really. There was a time when I thought I actually enjoyed his presence I think. Maybe I still did. “Kind of,” I mumbled, “I had to anyway,” “I feel like you’re hiding a lot,” he said which surprised me. He of all people would talk about hiding a lot,eh? “Why’d you say that?” he asked, which is when i realised I had said it out loud. “Well you’re the one with the mask,” I said matter-o-factly; I had no idea where that confidence came from. This whole experience made me feel like we were equals yet at the same time I did not. Every second with him reminded me where his authority came from: definitely not his mask. “I have my reasons,” he said dismissing me, “You, on the other hand, why would you hide so much?” “Reasons,” I said shortly with the same tone as his. His presence was beginning to make me uncomfortable; I hated interrogations. I could feel losing it ever so slightly. He suddenly stopped abruptly and grasped my wrist to pull me towards him violently, probably to threaten me. However, I could feel the Force taking over with the stress of everything and could feel the boundaries of our minds slip away. The last thing I saw before everything faded away was Kylo Ren’s surprised eyes before I was drawn into the depths of consciousness; the question was, whose conscious was it going to be? The blue haired girl, now at the age of 16, moaned in pain as she was defeated by her Master once again. “So close, I was so close!” she screamed in frustration. Fighting was always a problem for her; she was trying to repress her anger, her passion surfacing from her dark side whilst trying to win against her opponent. Her master was also aware of that and he felt bad for the girl; she was being taught to ignore her true calling. It pained him to see his padawan in between such conflict. She grabbed her fighting stick and stood up, “One more time, one more time” she said, determined to win against her master. Master Ruami chuckled at her spirit, “Feel the serenity, padawan,” he reminded. Caera had been struggling to do that, however, she was plagued by terrible nightmares every night. She knew it was because of her father’s departure; happened every time her father left. She was irked by the sudden change of presence in the room. She could feel nausea hitting her which meant only one thing; General Leia was here. Her passionate hate for her was so colossal she was now able to sense the woman every time she was around. The doors were opened to reveal the General and Caera’s mother. Her initial reaction was annoyance for the General and happiness for seeing her mother. But as she studied her face more carefully, she could see the puffiness in her eyes and the wetness of her cheeks. “Mum,” she said, completely ignoring the General’s presence, “What’s wrong?” One question was more than enough to cause her mother to break down -once again it seemed. Caera’s mind started putting the pieces together and she could feel her breaths accelerating. “Caera I’m so sorry..” the General stated, “We lost your father during one of the clashes…” The whole world felt like it had stopped for her; everything had lost meaning. The General’s words echoed in her mind cruelly. Yet Caera was in denial. She simply couldn’t accept this. “No that-that’s not possible,” she said, shaking her head violently. Ruami could see tears rolling down her cheeks yet Caera seemed oblivious to this. “Dad’s-he- Do you have ANY idea what you’re saying?” she said loudly, not capable of controlling her emotions any longer. “No no no it can’t be it-“ she stopped; the realisation hit her in a second. “NO!” She let out a scream and collapsed on the ground. “NO NO NO NO NO!” She started crying violently. Her mother couldn’t do much as she was also crying, Ruami was frozen; he had just learned about a loss of his friend. General Leia approached her, trying to comfort her. “STAY AWAY FROM ME!” Caera screamed and threw Leia to the other side of the room. “It’s your fault!YOUR FAULT I TOLD YOU NO TO TAKE HIM AWAY FROM US! YOU KILLED MY FATHER! MY FATHEER!” She let out a bloodcurdling scream. She could not stay there for much longer; she had to get away. With that she ran out of the training room. Caera walked downstairs in a black lace dress her father had bought her, her hair in a messy bun. It was the first time in two weeks she had left her room; it was for the funeral. Her father’s funeral. Caleb was downstairs, waiting for her sister. Their mother had already left, she had been deliberately avoiding her children, feeling the guilt of her husband’s death. “Let’s go,” Caleb said quietly, and headed to the funeral area. The funeral went by extremely quickly for Caera; maybe because she didn’t pay attention to anything at all. She spent the entire funeral trying to get a hold of her thoughts and feelings. The only thing she felt was numbness; she felt like she had died along with her father. “Caera, your turn,” her brother’s weak voice called out for her. It was a tradition; the members of the family would have their turns seeing the corpse for one last time before the burial. Caera walked into the room where her father was kept. She walked towards the green coffin and was faced by her father’s peaceful face. She saw two drops of water on his shirt, indicator of her never ending tears. She touched his blue curls and then his cheek, “Dad,” she said quietly, “I am so so so sorry, I couldn’t stop this, I let you die.” she said shakily. “Don’t say that child,” she heard someone behind her say. She turned around to see the whole Resistance council, other than the General, behind her. Caera immediately felt rage build up inside her. “Your father was a proud and respected soldier. He died serving his people,” “Serving his people?” Caera repeated, annoyed, “It was not HIS people, he died a mere tool for your silly wars,” she said cruelly. “We don’t expect you to understand anyway,” a tiny woman with a high pitched voice said, annoying her even more, “You will when the time comes.” “Never,” Caera gritted between her teeth, “You…” she took a step towards them, feeling his body shake violently, “You led him to his death. He didn’t deserve this.” She felt so terrible she could feel as if the ground was shaking along with her; or maybe was it actually shaking? The council members looked at each other, rather worried. “Child,” the first man said. “Calm down.” “Don’t tell me to FUCKING CALM DOWN!” She screamed. “IT’S ALL YOUR FAULT.” With that, she could see everyone fell to their knees, holding their necks. She was choking them without even noticing. “If it weren’t to you and your stupid Resistance, he would've been alive! ALIVE!” Caera focused on a ginger man in front of her and before she could control herself, she saw his veins popping out of his face, his whole body. Then there was blood coming out of his mouth, ears, nose, every hole he had. Some part of her wanted to stop this yet she felt a sick sense of satisfaction; revenge overpowered her. The man let out another scream and then he exploded. Right onto Caera’s body. “CAERA STOP! STOP! WHAT ARE YOU DOING? NOO!” I could hear banging from outside yet I did not care. I looked at myself, my whole body was drenched in blood and organs. It was disgusting but how the hell was I enjoying that? “6 more to go…” I said quietly, a grin across my face at my newest ability, “Who wants to go next?” It had felt like a second; a second of having Kylo Ren in my brain. Yet I had let him see the deepest secret of mine. And it felt like shit. “Happy?” I said coldly, avoiding his eyes. “So it was you..” he said quietly, “The one who had entered my mind.” “Yeah,” I said dismissively. “Now you know, now you see why I have to go.” I felt his hand grip my chin and pull may face upwards, making me face him. “Oh Caera,” he whispered. My mind was a mess, my emotions were wrecked. My flashback was more than enough to remind me of the monster I was and the fact that now Kylo Ren had seen my darkest secret did not help at all. And then there was this proximity, this tension we had now and then with him. I just hoped all of these would justify what I was about to do. I pulled Kylo Ren close to me and before he could say anything, brought his lips down to mine. Chapter 10 : Chapter 10 If there was an award for the weirdest first kiss ever, I think I would have definitely received that. And it was not just because the man I was kissing was Kylo Ren, the Commander of the First Order and the leader of the Knights of the Ren. The kiss lasted for approximately 10 seconds, mostly me trying to kiss his lips while he stood frozen, as if waiting for the kiss, maybe the ordeal for him, to end. And meanwhile I had managed to fit maybe thousands of thoughts in my mind. Why had I done this anyway? Just a few months ago this man had scared the shit out of me and the only thing I tried to do was to hide from him. Was this kiss because of my stressful state of mind? Was it confusion? Or the fact that this man now knew the most important secret about me and could use it anytime? To say that I had not found him attractive the moment he removed his mask would be lying. I had to admit, there was something pulling me towards him. And just for a moment, one little moment, I had made the mistake of thinking it was mutual. How stupid was I. As the realisation suddenly sunk in, I pulled back immediately and distanced myself. I could feel my face redden with embarrassment. Why had I done that? Kylo Ren seemed… shocked? He was staring at me in a way I could not comprehend. There was this gleam in his eye; was it fury, was it lust? Definitely not the latter, I thought, otherwise he would not have reacted like a dead fish. I coughed nervously, “I-yeah, sorry about that,” I said awkwardly, “Let’s get moving.” “Caera-“ he started but I quickly interrupted him, “It’s-I shouldn’t have done that. I’m sorry,” I said. “Yeah you shouldn’t have,” and with that I felt my heart shatter a little bit. Rejection hurt. “What do you plan to achieve by visiting your old town?” Kylo Ren asked after a moment of silence. To be honest one part of me did not want to see him, let alone having an actual conversation, yet I figured the awkwardness would somehow wear off. “I don’t know,” I said grumpily, jumping over a rock and almost falling before Kylo Ren grabbed my arm and helped me. I mumbled a slight thanks and distanced myself again. “I don’t assume you’re the most popular person in there,” he continued. “I may as well know what I am getting myself into.” “Look I didn’t ask you to tag along,” I said, feeling a sense of deja vu, “So if you wanna leave, you may as well just do it. I’d prefer you gone anyway,” I could feel a change between Kylo Ren and I and it was not about the kiss. No, it was about the fact that this man had managed to take away my most important secret I had been trying to hide all along and yet now he knew. Which meant I did not have to fear him as much. Sure he was an extremely strong Force user and could probably choke me to death, bury me in here and nobody would know. But then again, I was at such point in my life that I did not care about death, if anything it would be the most pleasant thing happening to me. “What did you do after that?” He suddenly asked. “After what?” I replied back, slightly looking at him. “After killing those people,” he bluntly said. I sighed. “I finished them off, walked out of the room, went directly to home, threw the clothes away immediately because, you know, blood, took a shower and well ran away basically.” I said unemotionally, “Happy?” Kylo Ren did not make a sound after my reply and went back to his usual self. “Caera,” “What do you want?” I said with my usual grumpiness, “More torture stories?” “What are you talking about?” Kylo Ren asked, “I didn’t say anything.” I abruptly stopped for a moment. I was sure SURE I had heard a voice calling my name. If it were not Kylo Ren, then who was that? What was that? “Are you alright?” He asked to which I nodded. “Yeah just… stress, probably, let’s-um let’s go.” As we got closer to the town, I told Kylo Ren to put his hood up. I tied my hair and did the same. “Now listen up, this town was at some point full of Jedi so people are aware of the mind tricks and all. So I suggest you not try anything funny on people; it may get us in trouble and that’s the last thing I want really.” I warned him. “Right,” he said sarcastically, “For us to be in trouble people have to sense us; I am too strong for that,” he said in a cocky voice to which made me roll his eyes. “Too strong to let people in your mind with a touch,” I said under my breath which certainly angered him yet, surprise surprise, he chose not to do anything. By the time we were in the town, it had gotten quite dark. “We have approximately-“ “We will wait for the morning,” Kylo Ren declared, “Let’s find ourselves accommodation.” “Hey hey hey,” I said, annoyed, “Since when do you get to decide what I do? We’re not on the Starkiller Base.” And that earned me a good ol’ choke. I started coughing, even though this was a minor choke compared to his old ones. He raised his hand slightly before cupping my face. “Just because we’re not on the base doesn’t mean I am less powerful than you. Keep that in mind.” With that he let me go and I took deep breaths trying to calm my heart. “Don’t you have any hotels in this place?” “Small ones, there’s a motel close to here I guess…” I said hoarsely, my throat still aching, and we walked to the motel. We entered the motel which was, I had to say, not in the best condition. The walls were painted in a sickly green colour, matching the dirt on the carpets and slight dusts around. The reception was basically a desk with keys attached on a wall behind, with a man in his early 60s drawing doodles behind his desk. Nice. “Hey,” I said quietly, stopping Kylo Ren, “Do you have enough money for this? Do you even have money at all??” I asked angrily. “ The money I have will barely cover one room,” “I’ll get this sorted out, you wait here,” He said to which I tried to resist but he hushed me, “Will you seriously risk being seen? People have only seen the mask not the man underneath.” He had a point. I gave him all the money I had and he walked to the old man with two long steps. After talking for awhile, the man gave a big smile and shook Kylo Ren’s hand to which he reacted blankly, pulling his hand very quickly afterwards. He turned around, “Honey we got our room,” he said in a very robotic voice. Wait what? Honey? Had he told the man that we were lovers? Which meant that… I had to SHARE a room with Kylo Ren? “Enjoy your night, lovebirds,” the old man said, winking before Kylo Ren gave him an awkward smile and put his arm around my shoulders, “Thank you for being so kind, sir,” he said and gave my lips a very quick kiss. I knew it was meant to keep our cover yet I could not help but blush and touch my lips for a few seconds. “Goodnight,” As soon as we entered our room, Kylo Ren stepped away from me and removed his hood. I also removed mine and analysed the room. It was not that tiny really, with a double bed, two armchairs facing each other, a table in between and another door to which I thought would open to the bathroom. “Your cheeks couldn’t have been redder,” Kylo Ren said, was he… teasing me? His lips were lightly curved upwards. “It’s hot in here,” I defended myself. “Do you want to use the shower?” Kylo Ren asked and I nodded, “Well too bad you have to wait,” I rolled my eyes at him and let myself fall onto the double bed, closing my eyes. I really needed some rest. It seemed like this trip was going to be way more exhausting than I had anticipated. I still had many questions roaming in my mind; the major one being what I was planning to do in the first place. There was such a high chance of me getting recognised and possibly being thrown to jail; after all I was a fugitive here. Another question was, obviously, about Kylo Ren. I groaned and rolled around when I thought about him. I just couldn’t think about the man; I had kissed him, KISSED HIM for fucks sake. What was I thinking? The man had a different aura, that was sure, and he was extremely good looking. But I knew it was not about that; I was attracted to the way he walked, talked, breathed, hell the way he fought. I could not think about that day when he had attacked me; so dangerous, so dark. Yet he surely did not feel anything but curiosity which explained his current interest in me. I was a brand new toy for him; someone skilled in both the ways of Force and swords fighting. Of course he would want me as his Palawan; though he had said he no longer wanted to. But there was one part in me just hoping that it was more than that. I angrily stood up, repeating myself to stop whatever I was feeling. It was going to hurt me and I did not need that. I could hear the shower running and looked at the armchair to see Kylo Ren’s black sweatshirt and black jeans, along with his shoes and socks. He had gotten changed here. I could not help but feel sad that I could not see- STOP. I saw something shiny in his jean pockets and decided to take a look at it. Curiosity killed the cat, right? But hey, I was with Kylo bloody Ren for hell’s sake; normal rules did not apply to me. There were 70 Pi’s -local currency- in his pocket. Which was a lot for this small town. But, if he had this amount of money, why had he not used it? It was more than enough to get two bedrooms. I heard shuffling inside the bathroom and him getting out so I put the money back in his pocket and threw myself on the bed again, marking my territory. I immediately shut my eyes and pretended to be asleep when I heard the door open. “Don’t even,” he said, “I know you’re awake,” I could not contain a smile forming on my face, “I’m tireedd,” I groaned and opened my eyes, “You ca-“ I stopped, well not intentionally, as I laid my eyes upon him. There was Kylo Ren, with only a towel covering him. And boy did he look sexy. I didn’t notice I was staring before he cleaned his throat, “Your thoughts are too loud,” he said without looking at me. I really, really wanted to die at that moment. Then he dropped the towel to which I reacted by closing my eyes with my hands. Kylo Ren gave the cutest and loudest chuckle I had ever heard coming out of him, “You really are innocent, aren’t you?” A few minutes later, he told me to open my eyes. “It’s not innocence,” I defended myself again, “I’m giving you some privacy,” “Right, and those cheeks-“ “I’ve got skin conditions okay?” I said and grabbed my bag, “Now if you excuse me, I need to clean myself. Being with you all day wasn’t the easiest thing,” “You know you’re not taking the bed right?” I felt the need to warn him when I got out of the shower as he was covering the whole bed. I knew there was only one bed and no sofas yet this did not give him the right to cover the entire area. “Well where am I supposed to sleep then?” he said hoarsely and looked up. I bit my lip nervously, his tired and messy look was more than enough to get me. And then I realised; I had to share the same bed with this huge man. Oh boy. “Just give me some space, I won’t be a bother,” I said ,removed the big jumper I had on and was in shorts and a t-shirt as pyjamas. I turned off the lights and walked towards the bed. I felt Kylo Ren’s gaze on me as I got into the bed and scooted as far as I could from him. “You’re gonna fall,” he said quietly, leaning over me a little bit. Shivers, shivers, shivers, “I won’t bite.” I turned around and moved closer to the middle. I put my hands under the pillow and looked at him. “Thanks,” I said. What happened next made my heart flutter like a teenage girl. He gave me a sad smile, even just for a moment, and grasped a piece of my hair. “I’m sorry,” I said quietly, to not disturb his stance as he was so focused on my hair. “Why?” he said, now we where whispering, “Because of that kiss? Because of unleashing your emotions?” he continued without waiting for a response, “We are not Jedi, we do not try and contain what we have inside, our emotions. Our passion is what makes us strong.” “You?” I asked, getting closer to him without realising, “Do you not-did you not want to?” “I can’t,” he said, biting his lip, “Why do you do this?” he said angrily this time; what had I done now? “Oh don’t play the fool with me now!” he angrily got up, destroying that little moment we had. My heart sank, feeling the emptiness in the bed. “That! I have started to hear every single thought in your head ever since that and how-how can you feel that? For me?!” he started getting louder now. I had to step in. I stood up and walked towards him, “What are you talking about?” I said, in front of him now. “All of those feelings you feel for me, I sense them. All.” And then he got quiet, “But I’m not sure if they are all yours,” My eyes widened at the underlying meaning of his sentence. “Why would you want to care for this, this monster?” he said in a disgusted voice. I let out a heartless laugh. “You’re telling me about being a monster?” I said darkly, then stood on my tiptoes and held his face, “I don’t-Don’t expect me to label my feelings but i-I certainly feel an attraction towards you, Kylo Ren. I feared you, yes, but then I saw something beyond that. Beyond that mask,” I caressed his cheeks with my thumbs, “And I felt intrigued. But if you’re going to reject this, it’s fine. I have good repression skills.” And with that, I pulled back, “Please do be quiet, we don’t want people to come down for trouble,” and got into bed. I turned my back at him and decided to try and sleep. Then I felt Kylo Ren get into the bed and literally turn me over. “What are you-“ “Just, just don’t question, okay? Don’t remind me of this night unless I really need this in future,” and brought his right hand on my face, going over my freckles with his thumb. I was so tempted to purr at this moment but instead just let out a happy sigh and got closer to his touch. “If you need anything like this in the future, I wouldn’t mind reacting this moment, you know,” I said and smiled at him. He let out a hmm, “Are you cold?” He asked, “Not really, it’s-“ I was again interrupted by him grasping me and embracing me. My heart was going to explode, I could feel it. “You are now,” he said. Not that I minded, I put my head close to his chest and he rested his on mine. This was good; really good. “Good night, Kylo,” I mumbled. “Good night, Caera,” Chapter 11 : Chapter 11 “Caera…Caera…Come to me…” My eyes opened upon hearing my name being called, again. Not only had this happened in the forest, but kept on happening throughout my sleep. I had to say though, this had been the first night in which I had managed to get a decent amount of sleep without any nightmares clouding my mind. Well, at least I did not remember any. I looked around in hopes to find the source of the sound yet failed to do so. Maybe I really was being delusional. After the impact of the voice wore off, I noticed being surrounded by warmth; two huge arms, to be exact. I reacted like any other civilised person, obviously; I panicked and tried to push them away as best as I could. And as someone who had undergone a tough Jedi training for almost a decade, my efforts were pretty effective. “What the hell…” A soft groan came from somewhere. I blinked a few times and stopped, finally coming to my senses. “Caera…” someone moaned my name into my ear. “Stop,” I immediately stopped as if I were compelled. Arms around me tightened and I felt the person sigh, pulling me into his embrace tighter than ever. And that person was Kylo Ren. I removed my head from his chest -sadly really, I did enjoy being there- and took a deep breath. My eyes fell onto his handsome face: eyes closed and his black hair a total mess. I could not believe that I was literally in bed with Kylo Ren and more importantly, I was still shocked at how cuddly he was. Not that I complained, obviously. I could cuddle him all day. “Good to know,” he said into my ear in his morning voice, -which happened to be even more low pitched and deep than his usual voice- “Good to know,” “Can you get out of my mind please?” I said, “Some privacy would be nice.” “Naah I’ll pass,” I chuckled at that. Had Kylo Ren really said ‘naah’? “You will not tell a soul,” he said groggily and with that, opened his eyes. He looked down into my eyes, staring into them intensely. Which was quite uncomfortable. “Hi…” I said awkwardly, not knowing how to react at how intense he was. “Morning,” he said and, sadly, removed his arms. He lied on his back and I took that as a cue to start the day. “I’m using the bathroom,” I said quickly, without having eye contact with him, took my essentials and locked myself into the bathroom. I put my stuff down on the sink and looked at my reflection on the mirror. My blue hair was in knots, curls looking like total messes. My face was the same, same boring brown eyes, same freckles, same skin. Yet it felt different, I felt different. My eyes no longer felt dull brown, they had a gleam in them and my skin felt brighter, more alive. I huffed and removed the lame thoughts from my mind. Bullshit, I thought, yet I knew he was going to remain in a corner of my mind, always taunting me with his presence, his effect on me. Nevertheless, I had to find my mum today. Get over with this before something wrong happened. But this was me, something wrong was bound to happen. I took a shower, brushed my teeth and hair and tried to look like a decent human being. I wore black leggings, a black baggy top and tied my hair into a high ponytail. I opened the door to see Kylo Ren already dressed in his usual black attire. I immediately averted my eyes away, feeling blush creeping its way onto my cheeks as I thought of how he looked without- STOP. A chuckle escaped from his mouth which made me roll my eyes. Hi Rylo Ken. “Not funny,” he said, finally ready, “Your unacceptable behaviour will be punished when we are on the base,” he said darkly, though his eyes held humour. “Right,” I said sarcastically and tried to pass him but he held my arm and pulled me to him. “You know I can get anything I want.” he said, staring into my eyes again. I shrugged his grip off my arm, “We’ll see,” I said in the same tone as his and left the room. Before we could exit the building, the old man called out for us. Well, me specifically. “Miss, Miss!” I gave Kylo Ren a look which signalled him to help me out. We walked towards the old man, lowering my head so that my face was covered. “What is it?” Kylo Ren said on my behalf. “A man came by last night, hooded just like you lot. He told me to give you this.” He said and handed me a small note. I shivered as I felt the writer’s power on the note, indicating their strength. “Come to my house before you leave the town, -R” I gulped and for the first time since the arrival, I felt my eyes water with just one sentence. Was one sentence enough to break my walls? Seemed like it. It wasn’t only that though, I could practically sense him on the note; it was in his handwriting, his tone, his Force attached on the piece of paper. It was the first time in days had I felt homesick and at the same time home. “T-thank you,” I said quietly, my head still low, “Have a good day,” And walked out of the building, not bothering to wait for Kylo Ren. “What was that?” he asked, getting the paper out of my hands, “Come to my house before you leave the town, what? Did you tell someone that we’re here?” “Obviously not,” I snapped, “But he just knows me too well. And has probably sensed our presence, mine to be precise.” “Who is this he we are talking about?” Kylo Ren asked, annoyed at his confusion. I stopped and turned around to face him. “My Master, Master Ruami.” “You have to arrange SOMETHING Elijah! She is only 16, can’t we-ugh I know but she is still unde- But-“ the woman sighed, feeling the defeat consume her for the thousandth time that day, “Alright I’ll talk to you later. Thanks.” Caera had been in her room for almost a week now, just lying on her bed, staring at her ceiling and thinking. She was a murderer; not only had she taken lives but also murdered the High Commission of the Resistance, an organisation highly valued there. She was going to be sent off to jail, most probably, but her trial had not started yet. A technical issue, she assumed, her planet was rather peaceful so nothing like that had ever happened before. The judiciary was trying to fit this into a legal framework. Meanwhile Caera had remained in her room, her only visitors being her mother, her brother and Master Ruami. Arin was not allowed to see her, as he had told her, yet he occasionally climbed up her window to see her. But Caera did not mind, she felt the hollowness in her mind and heart; she was numb. Only in her dreams did she feel something: fear. And that was only after her nightmares. Her mother was fading away, she could see that. The woman had already had a hard time adjusting to the absence of her husband and now she had to deal with her daughter. To say that Caera felt like shit would underestimate her feelings. She heard a knock on the door; it was Caleb with a food tray. “Brought you food, sis,” he said quietly and left it on her desk. “Hey, um, are you okay? Do you wa-“ “Thanks, I’m fine,” Caera said automatically, her eyes not leaving the sight of the slightly yellowish ceiling. Caleb let out a sigh and left the room. Caera had been thinking, yes she had been planning a way out of this torture. She had to leave this place. Suicide would be too much for her mother to handle; she had already destroyed her life too much. But deserting off would be alright; she wouldn’t mourn. Maybe she would try and look for her yet at some point she would realise that her attempts were futile. But Caera had also set her mind on something else too: vengeance. She blamed General Leia for everything that had happened to her: from her father’s death to her going mad. She had to pay. No wonder why her son abandoned them, she thought darkly. “Baby,” she heard her mother say from the doorway, “I’m going to sleep. Are you alright?” Caera stood up and instead of replying verbally, went to hug her mother as tightly as she could. She knew this would be the last time she would see her. Her mother was appalled by her daughter’s actions yet assumed she was afraid, shocked at what she had done. Little did she know… “I’m sorry,” Caera whispered before letting her go. “Goodnight,” Her mother gave her a sad smile and kissed her forehead, “Goodnight my dear,” she said and left the room. Caera felt tears wetting her cheeks but she knew what she had to do. She started packing. She was going to leave. After a good 15 minutes, Caera found herself staring at the woods separating the town from the rest of the planet. She took a deep breath and started walking. “Going somewhere?” She was startled by the voice; she was caught. She turned around to see her Master in his usual grey robe, looking at her with void eyes. “Caera…” he said sadly, it was the first time Ruami felt like he couldn't say anything; he didn't know how to comfort or stop the child. That’s if, stopping her would be a good idea. “You won’t stop me, Master,” Caera said, trying to sound strong yet feeling her voice tremble. “And I won’t my child,” he said which took Caera off guard. He was not? Why? At first, Caera did feel offended yet Ruami knew better. “You have to leave Caera, otherwise you will be facing a death sentence.” “I’m sorry,” she said, “I-I never was- you were right. I was born with darkness, I am evil. A psychopath.” “No you are not, Padawan,” he said. A moment of silence passed between the two until Caera grabbed her bag and started to look for something frantically. Ruami was watching her expectantly. She finally found what she was looking for: her lightsaber. “Take this. Destroy it. I am not worthy of this.” she said, offering the lightsaber. Ruami shook his hand to say no but the girl was insistent. “Please,” she begged, “I can’t keep it with me.” Ruami sighed and took the lightsaber. “May the Force be with you, young Caera. Take care.” And with that the old man disappeared into the night, leaving Caera once again alone. With one last glance at her town, she turned around and walked into the woods. “And here we are,” I said to Kylo Ren, looking at the house in front of me. “Master Ruami’s house.” It was an extremely tiny house. He did not own much, he was not a man of possession but of spirituality and meaning. His house was designed as a typical Jedi master house, or at least that’s what I would think when I was a child. I knocked on the door only to find it open. I pushed the wooden, not so strong door and entered. “Master? Master Ruami?” I called out rather stupidly. I knew the house was empty, but still there was some sort of a presence inside which worried me. Kylo Ren must have also noticed it because with a buzz, he turned his lightsaber on and started looking around in his fight position. We were in his living/kitchen/meditation room which basically was a room foreign 2/3 of the house; designed in red and brown tone. A huge red carpet covered the floor, with lighter coloured sofas placed on. There were meditation rugs and many of his candles left out for everyone to see. Weird, the room was messy which was out of character for him, he was a very organised person. I walked into other rooms and literally found nothing. “There’s no one here,” Kylo Ren’s voice rang. I was about to walk out when I saw a big brown box, THE big brown box, placed in his bedroom. I remembered all the times when he would tell me the importance of this box and how it would keep something extremely important to me once the time was right. But really the box just felt like a regular box. I touched the carving on the box and traced its details a little bit before deciding to open it. I gasped at the sight of… “Are you okay?!” Kylo Ren bargained in upon hearing my gasp. I ignored his question and grasped the object which was left in the box. It was my lightsaber. “Is that his?” Kylo Ren asked. I shook my head as no and turned it on. It was a double sided, purple lightsaber. I smiled uncontrollably and spun it around a few times. Its grip felt so good, my baby. “There’s a note,” Kylo Ren said, nudging his head. I looked down and read the note. Interestingly, it was dated almost ten years before my departure. Dear Caera, If you are reading this, then that means I am dead and my visions have indeed become true. My child, you are currently 6 years old only yet the powers you immerse oust your innocence. I have seen the future, I have seen everything yet I still hope I did my best in helping you. My child, it is time you learn how you came to this point. As you know, your family possesses such power no one can imagine. Unfortunately, you were cursed with your grandfather’s Sith tendencies and were planted some darkness in you. But my dear should you not forget this, dark does not necessarily mean evil, just as how light does not mean all good. I’m afraid I cannot tell you about your family; that you have to figure out yourself. Nor can I tell you exactly how you will find out yet I can guide you. Do not fret child, you have my guidance over you, always had. May the Force be with you. -R. I folded the letter and put it in my pocket, still shaken at what I had read. “Okay so he had planned all of this, “ I thought aloud, “He knew it.” “He knew what?” Kylo Ren asked, “That I would go all psycho. Oh well,” I hid my emotions, ignored them for now. I could deal with them later, “At least I have my lightsaber. Now I can challenge you for a fight, Mr. Ren.” “Right we all know how that ended up being like,” Kylo Ren said sarcastically as we exited the house. “Hey now you know who I am and what I am capable of. Next time is going to be my actual performance.” “Looking forward to that. Now where do we go next?” he asked, looking at me. “Home,” I said quietly, “Home.” Chapter 12 : Chapter 12 It was one of those moments when I felt so alive yet at the same time I was about to die. My emotions, my thoughts, they had never been this wild, this consuming. As if they had bodies and minds of their own, accompanying me wherever I went. Their voices overwhelming, blocking the rest of the world. I could not help but think about the things happened in the last hour. I had learned that first, my master, despite the fact that he had always told me about how he had faith in me, had, in fact, known that I would have gone mad even before I had been his padawan, prepared a box for my lightsaber which he knew I was to abandon and literally warned me against my “future”. Secondly, I also got to learn that he was dead, which broke my heart every time I thought of that, and yet somehow managed to deliver me a letter. Probably a Force spirit, I thought. I snapped out of my thoughts as a house in soft yellow and brown came into my view. I gulped, my heart beat accelerating at every step. The images of the very night in which I had deserted this place kept on popping in my mind. As soon as I stepped into the building, I knew something was wrong. “Someone’s here,” Kylo Ren spoke for the first time ever since we had left Master Ruami’s house. I stared at him for a few seconds before nodding. “Yes,” I whispered and turned on my lightsaber. I inwardly let out a small smile, feeling the power from the lightsaber. I heard Kylo Ren’s lightsaber buzzing at the same time. “You stay back,” he said possessively, pulling me back from my shoulder. I immediately shook his hand off my shoulder and pulled him back with the Force, which took him by surprise. “That’s sooooo not happening,” I whispered angrily, “Listen to me Kylo Ren I am no damsel in distress and you are no prince Charming so you better stop with all of this,” I said, surprising Kylo Ren with my sudden change of demeanour. I too was surprised; it was probably because of the power radiating from my beloved lightsaber. I saw how he wanted to say something and show his alpha male tendencies yet he contained himself. However I, declaring myself as the Kylo Ren personality professor (right as if), knew that I was to be punished for my actions later on. “Caera…” Here was that voice again, calling my name. It was starting to worry me as now I was sure this was one of my hallucinations, probably effects of the things I did on my mental health, surfacing just now. Instead of trying to move, I was crushed by Kylo Ren. “What the hell? Someone’s calling your name?!” “Wait what?” I whisper shouted, “You can hear it too?” “Of course I can hear it too,” Kylo Ren said with a duh voice. “That is because I am here,” Kylo Ren’s Point of View (I just couldn’t resist) An old woman, maybe around her 70s, was standing in front of us with a small smile on her face. Her hair was still jet black and had big blue eyes that seemed to carry a sad glimmer in them. “Who are you?” Caera asked as I raised my lightsaber immediately. I saw Caera also mimicking my actions. It was still difficult to see her in such a position. I could not wait to go back to the Starkiller Base and complete her training. She could be a strong Sith and be a huge plus to our cause. The woman ignored her question and took a step towards her. Caera took a deep breath and then suddenly broke her lightsaber into two lightsabers which were only smaller than a normal sized lightsaber by an inch or so. She spun them around with both of her hands, which I had to admit amazed me, and raised them at the woman’s face, her face extremely cool yet I could see the way she was shaking. This whole experience was quite damaging for her sanity, I could both hear it in her thoughts and read on her face. “I asked you a question. Who. Are. You.” “Why, my child, I am your grandmother.” I looked at Caera who flinched in the most visibly way possible. And suddenly, she let out a heartless laugh and almost dropped her lightsabers. The woman, or as she referred to herself, Caera’s grandmother, was staring at her with a worried look. “Riiiight, you think that’s funny?” Caera said with a dead serious voice and face after her laughing session. “I’ll tell you what, if you don’t tell me who you are and where my mother is then you will most likely end up right on that window as a pile of meat and somebody will have to clean up your organs.” she said dangerously. Now I could see the same girl who had murdered those people years ago, I could see that Caera and she fascinated me more than anything. The woman did not even flinch at all, she just let out a sad sigh. “If you’d only listen-“ “WHY,” Caera interrupted with a loud shout and then continued more calmly, “Why would I listen to your lies, huh? For all I know my grandmother died whilst giving birth to my mother. My mother grew up alone in Alderaan, was an orphan. So, what you’re saying is literally, utterly and extremely ridiculous and BULLSHIT,” “Caera child listen to me,” the woman said more urgently this time, “I don’t have much time. Please, please listen to me. Then I will tell you what happened to your mother.” “What do you mean what happened to my mother?” Caera asked in a panicked voice, “What happened to her??” “All in time, child,” the woman said and walked towards the living room, making herself comfortable on a sofa. “Sit, now,” Her gaze faltered at me, “You remind me of someone… Someone I once knew,” she said sadly. I blocked her words out of my mind and focused on Caera who seemed annoyed and impatient now. “Well, I’m waiting,” Caera interrupted, sitting down on an armchair, looking extremely tense. I leaned on a wall dividing the living room from the kitchen. Whilst they did their talking, I examined the house. It seemed to be in good condition, no cracks whatsoever on the walls yet it was deserted long time ago; most of the furniture covered in dust. I started walking around the room, stopping when I saw a group of frames placed on walls. One had a woman who was closely reminding me of the old woman, with the same jet black hair and big blue eyes and a man with curly pastel blue hair and dark brown eyes. These were Caera’s parents. It was scary how much she resembled her father, almost an exact replica. I moved to another picture, this time Caera and her brother, Caleb as infants. Caera had shorter hair, just below her shoulders, wearing a purple sundress and Caleb pulling her hair. They certainly seemed to have had the dream childhood, I thought, why would she choose the path she had? But then again, why had I? Not everything was as it seemed. The next picture, however, was different. I could feel something was wrong when compared to the others. This time, it was Caera and Caleb as teenagers, dressed very neatly. Caera had a fake smile plastered on her face and she had distanced herself from the rest of the group. It was not much but yet obvious to my eyes. Why would someone do that while taking a picture? I looked at the rest of the group, it was her brother, mother, father and… I gasped with the realisation of the 5th person. My breath quickened and I felt a pang of hate and sadness at the same time. Every time I would even think of her I would feel it. All of these indicators of the pull to the lights. Things I had to ignore. To cover those feelings up I would focus on the hate they made me feel, the rage, the things which had made me turn to the Sith. “Are you okay?” Caera asked, startled by my gasp. “Yes,” I said coldly, turning my back to the frames. She had an eyebrow raised yet ignored my reaction; she was too impatient to find her mother. Which I found as a sign of weakness. If she was indeed alive and posed a threat to Caera’s development, I would have to find a way to get rid of her. That made me hurt somehow, thinking about the devastation and hate she would feel towards me if I did that. I had been trying to ignore my personal feelings, if I had any, towards Caera. The moment I had seen her, she had found a way to capture my attention. Deep down I knew it was more than just a physical attraction or a silly crush. Yes my heart had fluttered when she had kissed me, which I had failed to respond decently, and something had indeed taken over me in that room back at the motel yet she and I had some sort of a connection I could not describe. Maybe because of our similarities in our pasts or maybe that she actually understood me. She and I both had conflicted minds, fragmented thoughts and instability no one could understand. While I had taken that under control, or tried, with Snoke’s guidance, Caera was just repressing those conflicts. These were, in return, causing her wild mood swings. Just like now. “To start with,” I was brought back to reality by the old woman’s voice, “My name is Aerana so you may want to refer to me with my name rather than the old lady, child,” she said, looking at me. My eyes widened with the sudden exposure I felt. How could she know that? Was it possible that- “Yes, I am Force-sensitive. In fact, I was a Jedi once,” she said, responding to my thoughts, “Long time ago, before everything happened..” she cleaned her throat to divert the subject, “The Force is strong within our family,” and then she removed an old photo from her robes. “Here, take a look at this,” she handed a piece of pa- no, a photo, to Caera. Caera grabbed it without looking at the o-Aerana and stared at it. “No…It can’t be,” she whispered, “Is this mu- but no it-it doesn’t make sense,” Caera said, conflict reflected on her voice. I walked behind her and looked at the photo. It was a woman identical to Caera’s mother, standing in between two men and an orange skinned woman, all holding lightsabers in their hands. “I-isn’t that- Ahsoka Tano?” Caera asked in a small voice, who was Ashoka Tano? “My mother would tell me about her-them but I mean-“ “It’s not her,” Aerana said, “She did get her looks from me though, didn’t she?” Caera stared at the woman with shock. The photo confirmed it; Aerana was indeed Caera’s grandmother. “Why? Why did you- why?” Caera was so astonished she was failing to form a sentence. “All in time, child. After all, I am here to enlighten you. About everything.” she said, emphasising “everything”. “For you to understand and be in harmony with who you are, you have to understand the process which has led you to be like… this.” Then she took a deep breath. “I was abandoned by my parents at a very early age, or as I was told, and was taken in by Mace Windu to the academy. I was living the normal life of a padawan; eat, sleep, meditate and learn. It could sound rather boring really, but there was something drawing me to the serenity of that life.” she sighed, “Everything changed when a new kid was introduced to our group one day. It is one of the only memories which shall remain in my mind forever, I reckon. We were 8, maybe 9 at that time. It was unusual for a new child to be introduced, everyone would usually start training around 4 years of age. He had blond hair falling to his eyes and a mischievous look in his eyes. His name was Anakin,” I did my best I could not to let out a gasp. This woman, she knew my grandfather. The story was getting more interesting for me now. “His arrogance annoyed me in the beginning. He had not had any training yet the Force was so intense with him, you could understand when he entered a room full of other Jedi. Yet I saw something beyond that arrogance as we started getting closer: Compassion. He was shielding his real self from the rest of the world with a veil of arrogance, like a survival mechanism really. But with me, he was different. And I guess, I was too…” Aerana bit her lip, her eyes slightly watering. “Anyway, we became best friends and did everything we could together. But then one day, he was taken in by Obi Wan Kenobi and left the planet while I had to remain as my Master-to-be, Qui-Gon Jinn, had died. I was instead taken in by a Jedi Master named Abyss. “By the time I was around my 20s, I had already completed my training and was sent off to Naboo to help two Jedi. What I didn’t know was that these two Jedi happened to be Obi Wan and Anakin. We were supposed to protect Padme Amidala, the Queen of Naboo.” “Sorry but,” Caera said, interrupting her story, “Why are you-“ “Patience, child,” Aerana said and continued. “I do not remember whether I ever saw Ani-Anakin that happy before in my life. He was so in love with Padme; so much I knew he would do anything for her. And I mean anything.” I saw something dim in her eyes as she said it, “Which proved to be dangerous anyway. But that’s not the point. We still went on missions but Anakin’s mind was always with Padme. And one day, they decided to get married.” “Is that even allowed?” Caera asked, surprised, “No child, but he was my best friend and I really cared for him, so I helped them get married. No one but us three, and then Obi Wan, obviously, knew about this arrangement. Then one day, Anakin called me in and asked me for a favour.” With that I visibly saw a change in Aerana; her voice got lower as she shifted in her seat uncomfortably, indicating that what she was about to tell us was going to be rather painful for her. “He wanted to have a decent honeymoon with Padme and asked me if I could fill his position in for a minor issue with Senator Palpatine. Obviously I had to say yes yet I never liked the man for some reason. There was always something…off with him. Yet I travelled to his house, I had to be his guardian as there were many opposing to what he had been doing, and we thought he was with us. That evil bastard…” she cleaned her throat and continued, tears becoming more obvious now, “One night h-he called me to his room, telling me there was a matter he would like to discuss. Obviously I couldn’t say no and entered. And then-“ tears started escaping her eyes, “That’s when he raped me.” Caera gasped loudly, her hands covering her mouth. “That’s when he revealed everything about himself yet threatened me not to tell anyone about this, otherwise he would come for everyone I loved. I just-just could not risk the lives of the only family I ever had. So I kept my mouth shut. Sometime later, I realised I was pregnant and had to leave the order. I can’t forget everyone’s looks on me as it was made official. Obi Wan… He helped me go to Alderaan where I gave birth to a beautiful girl-your mother.” she smiled sadly to Caera, “A few weeks later on, Obi Wan contacted me, saying that it was urgent. He gave me the devastating news, that Anakin had chosen the Sith, Padme had died in labour and he was about to bring one of her children, Leia to Alderaan. He was asking me to talk to the King and the Queen to get them accept Leia. They accepted, of course.” I glanced at Caera to see her extremely tense up at the mention of General/Princess Leia, my mother, and could not help but be surprised. Sure, I had my reasons to hate the woman, but her reaction was not normal. “Why did you abandon my mother, then?” Caera asked. “I never did, actually, I raised her. I was around until your birth. I felt the dark presence around you the moment I held you in my arms, my dear. Guilt was always there but seeing you was just too much. I blamed myself for it and told your parents to tell you the story of how your mother was an orphan.” Caera did not say anything for awhile. “She is dead, isn’t she?” she asked quietly, her eyes glossy with tears. Aerana nodded and embraced her granddaughter whose cries had turned to hiccups. “I’m so, so sorry my child.” she said quietly, “She had a heart attack, that’s what I was told anyway.” I did my best to ignore Caera’s cries yet I could not help but feel my heart shatter at the sight of her so weak, so desperate. She was making me feel strange; I knew it was wrong, but some part of me just wanted to comfort her, hold her in my arms. Aerana looked at me in the eye whilst comforting Caera. “Child of Skywalker,” I heard her voice echo in my mind, “Take care of my granddaughter. Should you harm her in any way, I shall haunt you for the rest of your life.” “I will never let her be harmed in anyway. Those who try will face death, that I can promise.” With that, she smiled in relief and kissed Caera’s forehead. “Off you go, my dear, your deed is done here.” “What will you do?” Caera asked, “I do not have much time myself. But take these,” she said handing two charms to her, “Take one and give the other to your brother.” she said, avoiding Caera’s question. “May the Force be with you.” We walked out of the house and headed towards the capital. There was a heavy silence yet none dared to speak. I wanted to give Caera some space to think meanwhile I myself thought about the events of today. Of how I was unfortunately reminded of the presence of my parents, my mother, to be exact. Seeing her face was again a reminder of the light inside of me, trying to overcome my power, my strength. I could not risk that as that would possibly lead to my death. “Kylo,” I heard Caera call for my name softly, “I’m sorry you had to see that,” “It’s fine,” I said shortly, then added, “Don’t worry,” I said awkwardly, I was not good of comforting people. “I wish it had not been you, you know. Now you have the upper hand,” she said. “I would if we had been on different sides, Caera.” I said, “But we are not. You are going to be a powerful tool to the First Order and will be on our side. My side.” I said before realising what that could have mean. Or maybe what that actually meant. “Yeah…” she faltered. I suddenly stopped, a thought coming into my mind. She did too, curious to see what I was doing. Before she knew it, I was next to her and looked down at her. “Sorry,” I said. “What are you tal-“ before she could finish, I crashed my lips onto hers. Notes: I'm scared to get close, I hate being alone I long for that feeling to not feel at all The higher I get the lower I'll sink I can't drown my demons They know how to swim