Anger "Who is it?" Leia asks her. The captive shakes her head. Yoksi body language is hard for humans to read, and this woman has had practice. She must have been a mole for years before the attack. In the next room, Leia can almost hear one of her guards shuffling impatiently. She can't -- the cell is soundproof -- but she knows they think her efforts are futile. This woman has resisted trained interrogators. What good could a diplomat do? "Who is it?" she repeats. "How many of you were there?" Truth to be told, she's not sure what good she can do. But it's been a long day, and she'd lept at the chance to have someone (anyone) to take her anger out on. "How many people conspired to blow up the conference room?" How many people nearly killed my son? Ben's death would have been unintentional -- he'd be far more useful as a hostage than as a corpse -- but he would have been dead all the same. She ought to cry, but when she thinks of Ben's body -- of his bleeding skull and crushed leg, of what would have happened had the wall collapsed just slightly differently -- all she wants to do is scream. And then, in a sudden flash, it comes to her. "There were ten of you," she says, suddenly calm. The Yoksi woman freezes, her ear-flaps dropping in obvious shock. "Three of you were couriers. Two of you were cleaning staff. Five civilians. And only two of you are dead. The others fled to Durain." For the first time in days, the Yoksi woman talks. "How do you know this?" she slurs. Her voice is rusty, unused. Leia shakes her head. "I didn't," she says. "But thank you for telling me." She splashes water on her face before returning to the meeting room. Ben, his hands still wrapped in bandages, is napping in the corner. It's the first time he's been out of her sight since the medics released him a day ago. "The rest of them are on the transport that left to Durain," she tells the team. "If we send a squad out now, we can capture them before they arrive." As they walk out, Luke grabs her arm. His voice is worried. "What you just did --" "Was find the people who nearly murdered my son," she says, yanking away from his grasp. "Nothing else." Chapter 2 : Forboding "Congratulations," the medic told her. "It's a boy." She stared at the nurse for a moment, frozen. A boy. Somehow, she'd thought it would be a girl, or, perhaps, twins. Images swirled through her head, of a mask - a monster. It's not too late, she thought, absurdly. No one except Han knows yet. Luke might suspect, but she could tell him she'd lost the child. We could try again. The thought was ridiculous, of course. Her child wouldn't be a monster. She pushed the thoughts aside and thought of her father -- her real father, Bail. No. Her boy would be kind and strong. He would -- "Senator?" the medic asked her. "Is something wrong?" Leia shook her head. "No," she said. "I'm fine. I'm excited." She forced a smile. "I'm going to be a mother." She tried to avoid the other woman's worried eyes as she shakily left the room. *** That night, she dreamt of her son. Her son, in a mask, with a red lightsaber, and Han -- Han shook her awake. "Leia," he whispered. "Leia, wake up." She awoke with a start. "Han?" she asked. "You were crying," he said. He pressed her into his arms, and she tried to relax. Then she remembered. "I had a premonition," she said. "I dreamt our boy killed you." "It was a nightmare," he murmured sleepily. She shook her head, but Han kissed her, and she let herself forget her fears. *** When she told Luke a few days later, he said the same thing. "It was a nightmare. Everyone has them. Last week, I dreamt C3PO melted in a pit of lava." She turned away then. It was just a nightmare. Nothing else. *** After the Falcon returned home empty, it had taken Chewie hours to tell her how Han had died. (He walked past her, looking straight ahead. He couldn't bear to look at her. I've failed, he had roared. I failed. ) She had to turn away then. She sank her head into her hands. "I was right," she whispered. "It was a premonition." But there was no one left to hear her.