The more often Finn saw Poe the more often he noticed something. Every now and then when Poe was looking at him he would bite his bottom lip, sometimes worry it a little. Now Finn had learned early on that here, with the Resistance, questions were welcome. Finn asked people about everything, eager to learn. Poe had enthusiastically taught him about different engines and flight manouvers and basically anything else Finn wanted to know. So asking about this shouldn´t be so weird, right? One day they were in their quarters, well Poe´s, technically, but since Finn had moved in Poe had always emphasized that it was his aswell. Poe was reading something and Finn was playing with Bubbles, letting the cat chase his hand and try to catch it. When he looked up he saw Poe watching, some unreadable expression on his face and his lip once more caught between his teeth. Poe quickly cast his eyes down, pretending to be reading again. Finn patted Bubbles on the head, Poe sneezed. Finn gathered some courage and finally asked: »Poe, why do you bite your lip like that?« Poe glanced over to Finn. »Hm?«, was all he mumbled. »What do you mean?« Even from afar Finn could see the blush that was spreading across Poe´s cheeks. It was kind of... adorable. Different adorable from Bubbles, but adorable nontheless. Finn grinned. »You heard me, Poe Dameron.« »I, uh, uhm«, Poe stuttered, rubbing his hand across his neck in an embarrassed motion. »Finn, please don´t freak out on me, it´s just that I sometimes really want to kiss you.« Finn looked at Poe who wouldn´t look at him. Then he smiled, all carefree and cheerful. »Then why don´t you?« Now Poe raised his eyes to meet Finn´s. »Because I don´t know if you´d want me to?« At that Finn hopped off the bed, quickly crossing the room to stand infront of Poe. »Because I only have a vague idea on what I´m doing, tell me when I do something wrong, ok?«, he quipped before leaning in and pressing his lips to Poe´s. He was startled when Poe gently moved his lips, arranging them a little so he could take Finn´s top lip between his. It felt good. Finn brought up a hand to put it on Poe´s jaw line when Poe drew back. Then he sneezed. Loudly. »I´m sorry«, he wheezed. »It´s just, you still have some fur on your hands and-«, he sneezed again. Finn chuckled and turned around. Poe´s hand came up to stop him: »Hey, where´re you going?« »I´m just gonna go wash my hands, don´t want you to, well.. I´d like to finish what we started«, he winked and quickly went over to the sink. Notes: Thank you for reading :) I hope you liked it. Love, the shadowcat Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the The one where... series Next Work →