Chapter 1 Damn. He said he wasn't gay. He was lying. And that's why he was here, in the lobby of a hotel instead of his bedroom. To nobody's surprise, the lobby was pretty much empty. He awkwardly checked in, asked for his room key, and when he turned around, he was accosted by some guy in all black, whose face his brain immediately saved irrevocably to memory. Damn. "Who the hell are you?" he growled. "I'm the bellboy. Or you can call me Hux." Oh. He dropped his bag at Hux's feet and stalked over to the elevator. As soon as he was alone, his mind, unbidden, went rampant. Damn, his thoughts whispered, wasn't Hux hot? "No," he said aloud, but he was unconvincing even to himself. Oh, his mind beckoned, wouldn't you like to fuck that man into the ground? He said nothing. The elevator stopped moving, and he entered the hallway. The bellhop was walking towards him with the bag. Damn. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Goddamnit, thought Kylo, I won't even think about sex in public. I've never so much as kissed anyone. Hux walked closer to him, and maybe somehow he could sense Kylo's mixture of horror and arousal, but Kylo could swear he winked. He fumbled in his pockets for the key card, swiped it, the door next to him swung open. The two of them were currently less than a foot away from each other. Hux was confident. Kylo was half-fantasizing, half- trying to hide his arousal. Hux closed the door, and the way he smirked at Kylo was so fucking seductive-- They were alone in a bedroom, for god's sake, and the sexual tension was through the roof, and Hux's posture, his expression, his clothes, even - screamed "sex." And then a minute later there were shirts on the floor and Hux was kissing Kylo so damn passionately, and oh shit did Kylo need Hux, more than he'd even needed anything. And another minute passed, and Hux's hand was pressing into the tent in Kylo's pants, and oh shit oh shit oh shit did it feel so good. The hand slipped under the waistband of his pants. God, Kylo was achingly hard. Hux began to rub him through his boxers, and Kylo bucked up into Hux's long fingers, his mouth falling open in pleasure. Slowly, tantalizingly, Hux slid off Kylo's pants. Then came the boxers, and suddenly Kylo was fully naked, and Hux was mostly dressed. Kylo reached down a hand towards his dick, and then he was stopped by Hux. "No touching. Only bad boys touch themselves," whispered Hux. Fuck, Kylo thought he might cum right there from the sound of Hux's voice. "And we know what happens to bad boys.." Hux trailed off, and damn, if this redhead was involved, then Kylo was interested. Hux flipped him over, and brought a hand down on Kylo's ass. Hard. It should have hurt, but oh god, Kylo didn't care. "Oh, you like that, don't you?" said Hux, and Kylo could swear he could hear the lip bite. Hux brought his hand down again. Kylo arched into the impact, moaning. Shit, his cock was painfully hard, digging into Hux's thigh, and damn, he needed fricton or he was going to explode. Almost as if sensing his thoughts, Hux lay Kylo on his back on the bad, and shucking his remaining clothing, leaned close to the raven-haired boy. "Have you ever been fucked, Kylo Ren?" Kylo didn't have to respond. Hux's hand was between his legs, and it was nowhere near his dick. As he was about to move, he felt a finger slowly sliding into his ass. It was weird for all of three seconds, and then it felt so good, and all he could do was pant out "more" and then Kylo was arching backwards as Hux added another finger, and a third. And then Hux was pulling out his fingers, and instead his cock was teasing at Kylo's entrance, and holy shit, Kylo was going to scream. Oh god, he needed this, so badly, and he rocked back onto Hux's cock, and then it hit his prostrate and he really did scream, coming on the clean sheets. And then Hux came, too, and quickly pulling out, he redressed himself and left, leaving Kylo barely able to stand, on the hotel bed. Damn. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 It was morning, and goddamn was Kylo Ren sore. He stumbled out of his room, meaning to get breakfast, when who should appear but Hux. Shit. The redhead was striding down the hall, sure of himself, and as he made to push past the dark-haired man, Kylo could swear he caught a wink. "Oh no, you don't." The growl burst from his lips, throaty, needy almost. "Don't what?" "Do that." Hux made as if to continue walking, but that bastard wasn't leaving this time. Kylo grabbed his shirt and pulled him, beckoning him closer with every fiber of his being, and then a lot of things happened very fast. One, Hux was caught off guard and was falling at him rapidly. Two, Kylo did not have any hands available to stop this from happening. Three, Hux's mouth was crashing into his. Four, he found that he didn't mind that they were in public. Five, he could feel his erection coming on. Six, Hux was also plainly aware of this. "Oh, fuck." Hux moaned against his lips and it was over, he knew, already. Damn. And then Hux was pulling him into the room, the door was slamming, the lock beeping. His back hit the wall, and he was keenly aware that Hux was pressing in towards him with his whole body, and it was so obscene that he was the one to moan into the fervent kiss. He could feel Hux's cock through the fabric of their pants, and he was gone, he was so far gone. Kylo Ren, destroyer of lives, was being destroyed. And he really didn't mind. Hux's lips parted from his, and then the soft hands were tearing at his shirt, and it came off, and was soon followed by his pants. Kylo was naked, truly naked, and Hux was still fully clothed. Why? Kylo thought, and then those lips that had been pressing his own seconds before were trailing down his stomach, closer, closer. And then Hux's lips closed around Kylo's cock, and Kylo was bucking into his mouth, and Hux didn't mind when he came too soon. Kylo Ren, proud and haughty and tall, was being undone. Damn. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Notes: I give up. There is no more context. There is no semblance of a plot. This chapter is literally just smut, and it's more graphic than previous chapters. Do not expect to find an intro, because I don't have one. Hux could feel Kylo's growing erection against his thigh, and he slowly, tantalizingly slowly, began to strip Ren of his shirt, his pants. Kylo moaned, arching against Hux's leg, almost begging for friction. Hux palmed the tent in Kylo's boxers, allowing his fingers to drift up and down, and now Ren really did moan in earnest. Bucking into the cup of Hux's hand, Kylo came (so soon? whispered his brain). He was expecting Hux to leave again. But no, the red-haired man was smirking at him. Shit. Hux pushed him onto his back, and Kylo was hard, already, and oh god was he needy. "Hux..." he managed, and the man next to him grinned. Hux slipped off his shirt, pants, boxers, and now he was more naked than Kylo, who didn't mind at all. "Oh, but it seems that you're overdressed for the occasion," he murmured, fluidly pulling Ren's underwear from his form. "Would you be averse to a change of clothes?" Kylo shook his head fervently, not really noticing what Hux was doing until he felt fabric touch his hands. "Good boy," purred Hux. "Good boys get rewarded. Now put it on, darling." With some difficulty Kylo grasped at the fabric, and it unfolded in his hands. It was a cape, he realized, and he didn't really care what he was doing as long as Hux would start fucking him. He put on the cape. Hux hissed. "Pretty boy, dressing up for me." His eyes met Ren's, and Kylo was too busy staring back to stop himself from being flipped onto his stomach. "Oh, Ren, whatever shall I do to you?" whispered Hux, but his words went unnoticed. It was his hand that Kylo was interested in - more precisely, it's seemingly automatic movement towards Kylo's ass, and the extended finger that was pushing into him. Hux murmured, "You like that?" Kylo moaned, loudly, and Hux took the strangled noise to mean that he should add another finger. Now he was scissoring Kylo open, and Kylo was moaning and writhing under him, arching into his hand, begging for more. Hux added a third finger. Kylo saw stars.