Kylo Ren looked through the view port at the long sought out hidden planet. The foolish girl had taken the Millennium Falcon to meet Luke Skywalker. He could almost thank her for making it so easy. Lighting up a beacon on the mystery world with that old marked ship. He made his decent, making sure to follow along the oceans, away from the islands themselves. He didn't want to alert Skywalker and the Scavenger to his presents. In truth, he wasn't here too get Luke. Not yet anyway. That would come later. Sure, he had made excuses for finding the map to get Skywalker to everyone, but that wasn't really why. It was the Supreme Leader who wanted him. If Kylo had only wanted him he would have taken him when he killed his students. No, he let him go. Let him flee into his hole. So why had he let him get away?.. The real reason?.. He needed Skywalker to go to his hidden bunker.. The place where he kept to himself. So he could find what Luke had stolen from him. The ships sensors found it. The home base under the barren rocky islands. The place where Luke lived and slept. Kylo brought up the shields and made the ship glide into the ocean. He peered though the view port, looking for the opening. It took awhile but he found it. The hanger in the disguise of a lone cave. He followed the cave until it reached a dead end where the rocky roof was raised. He piloted the shuttle up to the surface and then made his way out. In front of him was the entrance to the base. He stopped at the door and sought out through the force. There. He could feel her presents. He knew where to go. He followed the trail and found his way to a thick heavy metal door. He force pushed it aside and was surrounded by a smell that reeked from the room beyond the door. His eyes peered into darkness that had laid beyond he door. Light from the hall bathed its way in, around his shadow on the floor. He raised his eyes at the wall opposite of him. There she hung. Bound in chains, bolted to the wall. Red long hair, messy and oily. Rags clung around her slender frame. So thin she looked like she could break at the slightest touch. Skin as pale as the moon, except for the dark black, blue bruises around her wrists and ankles. His heart felt at a loss, torn between breaking at her neglected sight, yet fluttering as seeing her now, finally in front of him after so long searching. "Mara." He whispered. She slowly raised her head and peered at him through her long fire coloured hair. Green emerald eyes looked at him, lost and confused. "Kylo?" She silently asked. Her voice hear death from dehydration. Kylo then went to her. He parted the hair from her face. "Yes, my love." He stroked her cheek with his gloved hand. She closed her eyes at the touch. "Don't worry. I'm here now." He turned his attention to the wall that bound her. "You're never going to be in this place again." He vowed. He then started to tare at the chains on the walls with force pulling. As they ripped out she started to fall and he caught her against him. She couldn't stand on her own accord and he maneuvered her into both his arms to carry her. "Skywalker?" She asked. Voice faint. "Alive.. For now.." Kylo would make sure he'd pay for this, but he was sure it would be all the more better if Mara Jade got her revenge instead. That would have to wait though, until she was nursed back to health. Mara Jade, once the Emperors Hand, reduced to nothing more then a sex slave on Skywalker's wall. All in the believe of having stronger force sensitive children. It was sick. Maybe Luke did have feeling in his own messed up way, maybe that was Luke's real reason, but Kylo wouldn't feel sorry for him when he finally bites the dust like his own Spice, and Armageddon creature smuggler, father. All the corrupt last generation would be put down in time, but for now, as Kylo made his way back to his shuttle, he knew he had his own mission too see to now. The recovery and therapy for his lover, and he would see her though, every step of the way. Until she got better.