mean gravity (now) Rey opens her eyes and in the beginning her mind can’t piece together what it’s seeing; there’s metal, so much of it, surfaces coming together to make…a room? She tries to move but can’t, she’s got that funny sensation in her body, it’s like loosened joints and her skin fitting wrong on her body and the dull buried muscle aches that she’s had to varying degrees since leaving Jakku--- (it’s the gravity, the changes in it, Jakku’s a heavy planet and this feels like mean gravity so I must be) She breathes in. Her eyes shake off the morning blurriness. The air tastes flat, the way it does in space. She finds her arms and legs locked down. The door to the room slides open. Her eyes snap to the front of the room and her breath jacks up. The swift sound of the door, that electric sound, ignites a rush of adrenaline and she remembers him, the mask, the long black robes, the unsteady crackle of a long red plasma blade--- A slim woman of average height, wearing a well-fitted gray and black uniform, steps into the room. She pushes a button to close the door and the first thing Rey notices is her hair, the muddied-up blonde of it. Her head is shaved to the skin on one side, stubble gleaming under the strong lights; the hair on the other side is braided up into snaking coils, pulled into an elegant twist at the back. The bones in her face are delicate in contrast to the no-nonsense set of her mouth. She walks toward the chair, her eyes glued to a small handheld screen. “What is this?” Rey shakes her head. “What are you doing here? This doesn’t make any sense.” The woman looks up. “Excuse me?” Rey eyes the black bag in her free hand. “I assume you’re a doctor.” “That’s quite an assumption.” The woman’s face tilts and her scarlet lips curve into a sleepy half-smile. She doesn’t meet Rey’s eyes. “It’s also a correct one. I’m Dr. Bah. I am going to examine you, and then I am going to treat anything I find that needs treatment.” “Why?” Rey clenches her fists. “What’s the point? He’s only going to come back in here and torture me.” “I don’t know.” Dr. Bah pockets the screen. She snaps on a pair of thin black nitrile gloves. “I don’t ask questions.” “I suppose that’s the only way you can live with yourself.” Dr. Bah sets the bag down on a small side table. She unzips it. “Be as rude as you need to, if it makes you feel better.” She shrugs. “I can take it.” “I’m sorry.” Rey sighs. “I suppose you’re merely doing your job.” “You suppose correctly.” That thin, vaguely sinister smile resurfaces on her lips and she glances at Rey, lifts her eyebrows. “I’m going to need a drop of blood.” She gestures with her chin. “I’ll take it from your arm, unless you have an objection?” “Would my objection really matter?” “Do you have an objection?” “No. There’s no point to it. You’ll take whatever you like from me, won’t you?” “Yes, I will take this blood whether you want me to or not, that is true, but if you prefer that I take it elsewhere, such as leg or hand or finger, I have no medical reason to refuse such a request.” “I imagine that your master doesn’t care too much one way or the other.” “He does, actually. Quite a bit.” Dr. Bah presses a small silver handled-device to the skin of Rey’s forearm. “It doesn’t matter, though, because I don’t answer to Lord Ren.” “Oh? Is that so?” Rey breathes hard. She watches and the pinch is fleeting and quick; it makes her think of a sand flea’s bite. “Have you told him that?” “I’m in a different chain of command. He is a superior, but he’s not my superior.” Dr. Bah illuminates a touch screen, taps in what looks to Rey like a password. She flips through a series of screens. “When was the last time you ate?” “Uh…I don’t…I don’t know.” The overhead light gets too bright and Rey closes her eyes. “It was a long time ago.” She furrows her brow. “I think.” “Your blood sugar’s low, so I’d agree with that. You’ve also got B-12, vitamin A, and vitamin C deficiencies.” Dr. Bah takes an IV kit out of her bag. “Do you have any pain?” “A little.” Rey glances around the inside of the room. “I’m…I’m not terribly accustomed to mean gravity. Jakku was a heavy planet, and…I-I don’t understand, why are you being nice to me? I mean…don’t I offend everything you stand for?” “I don’t know.” Dr. Bah wraps a tourniquet around Rey’s forearm and cradles Rey’s hand, tilts it, taps the back of her wrist. “What do you stand for?” “I stand for an end to the First Order, and for an end to Kylo Ren.” Dr. Bah uncaps a needle. In a single smooth motion she punctures the vein, eases the needle out of the skin and leaves a tiny cannula embedded. She detaches the needle, slides it off, attaches the IV tubing, twists open the valve. She secures the port with tape and hangs the bag off the upper end of the interrogation chair. “Perhaps Lord Ren thinks you’re dangerous.” She looks Rey in the eyes for the first time and her eyes are big, dark, cat-like. Her lids lower a little and her mouth curves and Rey thinks she looks more like a cat than ever, a hungry but patient sand-cat taking pleasure in the maimed struggles of its prey. “Are you dangerous?” Rey scoffs. “Hardly.” “Well…you can’t blame me for asking.” Dr. Bah’s mouth twists as she fishes out a tiny bottle of clear liquid and a capped syringe. She lifts an eyebrow. “After all, appearances can be deceiving, right? I guess this wouldn’t be the first time that were true, or you wouldn’t be where you are, all trussed up.” She holds the tiny bottle up by its neck, brings it to Rey’s eye level. “Analgesia.” She shakes it. “Do you want it?” “What’s analgesia?” “Painkillers.” “But…but doesn’t that negate the point?” Rey’s brow furrows. “Am I not supposed to suffer?” “I told you.” Dr. Bah puts the syringe and bottle on the side table. “I don’t ask questions. I follow orders. I have orders to offer you analgesia. You want it or not? I can give you something for the gravity sickness too, if you like.” “Yes.” Rey watches Dr. Bah’s hands. “I suppose I’ll have both, thank you.” “The answer to your earlier question is no.” She takes a transdermal gun out of the bag and a pair of small glass capsules. “You don’t offend everything I stand for.” “But how can that be?” “It’s not so much, really.” Dr. Bah picks up the gun, double-checks the trigger mechanism, and snaps one of the capsules into it. “I don’t think you know what you stand for.” “What do you mean? Of course I know what I stand for! There’s nothing good, or noble, or decent about the First Order!” Dr. Bah uses her fingertips to loosen one of Rey’s arm-wraps. She tugs it down a bare centimeter, pushes the tip of the transdermal down into the bared skin. She pulls the trigger. Rey winces. It hurts more than the needle, it’s a dull pain, a single hard thump. “Maybe you know what you don’t stand for.” Dr. Bah shakes out the spent capsule. “I believe you probably do. But that’s not the same, now is it?” Rey looks at her, at the sleepy cat-like eyes in her pointed little cat-like face, the red mouth so much like a wetted blade or a spill of blood, and rage sweeps through her like a brush-fire, impotent and flashing at the expense of its own fuel. “You keep thinking of sand-cats,” she muses, loading the second capsule. “You know, I haven’t seen a sand-cat in ages. Once upon a time, I was stationed on a desert planet. Through the Galactic Health Organization? You know, Doctors Without Borders? You’ve probably heard of that, right? There were a bunch of them. Sand-cats. I used to feed them sometimes.” “You…you’re reading my mind!” The cords in Rey’s neck stand out. “You’re like him, I should’ve known it. I should’ve seen that you would be.” Rey spits at her. “Of course you are. There’s no decency in you, no respect for anyone or anything. How else could you stand it? How else could you live with being at the…in the service of…at the beck and call of…a-a monster in a mask?” “I like sand-cats.” “Of course you do.” Rey’s voice brims over with imminent tears. “Because they’re cruel, just like you.” Dr. Bah circles the chair. She fires the second capsule into Rey’s other arm. “How’s your gravity sickness?” Rey breathes hard, her cheeks flushed a thin rosy color. “It’s better, but don’t expect me to thank you for it.” Dr. Bah leans around the chair, tosses the spent capsules onto the side table. She moves the arm wraps back up into position. “I would expect nothing less.” “You’re a horrible person.” Rey struggles not to cry. “Getting me all fixed up so he can come in here and…and…well, I suppose it’s a lot less satisfying to break a thing that isn’t perfectly whole to begin with, am I right?” Dr. Bah takes the syringe cap in her teeth, withdraws the needle. She slides it into the bottle. She tips the bottle upside down. “I would be very surprised if Lord Ren perceived you as, to use your own words, ‘a thing that is perfectly whole.’ I would be very surprised, indeed.” Rey struggles against her metal bonds. Her face turns red. “Fuck you!” “Look.” Dr. Bah slips the needle into the IV port and pushes the plunger. She glances at Rey’s face. “It could be worse for you. Most of the time, an interrogator does this job and no one ever calls me to come in here beforehand. What the interrogators do is a lot messier, and a lot more painful, and a lot more permanent, than what’s going to happen to you. Lord Ren will ask you whatever questions he has for you…and if you don’t answer them, well, let’s just put it this way: thoughts of sand-cats will be the least of your worries.” The opiates slam into Rey’s bloodstream and everything in her body goes soft and warm and loose. The light brightens, the crispness of the shadows gets soft, and Dr. Bah’s face becomes a reflection floating on ripples of water. Her hair slithers in and out of its shape, her little red mouth goes from blood drops to bruised flower petals and back again. Her eyes get bigger, their brows precise as incisions, their color a very dark blue like a sky at the rim of sunset. A desert sky. Rey looks in them, sees…something, she can’t place it, images blur at her in flashes: wine-colored shadows, fire, scorch marks, sunset sand, limp white hands, black hair. Blood. Rey’s eyes float closed and her head gets all swimmy, time comes and goes, for a brief moment she’s on the edge of sleep. “Stay out.” The tone of her voice cuts across Rey’s mind like a whip, a blade sharp enough to cleave through bone. Rey’s eyes fly open. Dr. Bah’s eyes are narrowed, her nostrils flared. The color’s left her cheeks. Her little red mouth is furled up tight, the skin around it trembling. What had been a sky in her eyes is now a closing window, a frigid current, a place to freeze. The color in her eyes shutters closed on unfathomed depths choked with ice. “What? What do you mean? Stay out of what?” Dr. Bah strides around the chair, scoops up her instruments. She flings them into her bag. Her fingers shake. “The drugs’ll take you…I don’t know how far.” She peels off the gloves. “Far enough, if you’re lucky. Once the bag runs out and your levels are where they need to be, you can expect…company.” She balls up the gloves, throws them into a trash chute. “Feel free to sleep.” Her eyes flick over Rey. “You’ll probably want to. You’re pretty light. It’ll hit hard.” “Doctor wait, don’t leave…I...I-I’ve a question---“ Dr. Bah pauses and it looks like hesitation and a touch of fear. “It doesn’t mean anything. Forget I said it. Why don’t you go to sleep?” “But---“ The door opens. The doctor slips out, the hastened heels of her boots striking like hammer blows. The door closes. Chapter 2 : deep red sand (then) (once upon a time, I was stationed on a desert planet) The voice of the med-droid, so like the voice of someone’s exceptionally well-mannered grandmother, filters into the air around her: Doctor , the wind sighs. I need you . It’s twilight, still hot, the sun’s gone just below the rim of the horizon and cast its long purple shadows across the curves of rusty-red dunes. She’s wearing a long filmy party dress, it’s an opaque soapy green like water left inside a chalk basin, and it looks both dimmed and vibrant against the deep red sand. Ivako’s clutching a pair of gold crystal-encrusted high-heeled shoes. She’s standing still, unsure looking around for…something. The dress tells her that there’s a party involved; beneath that, trapped against her skin, an urge to look pretty. Caught between the green and the red, her skin looks pale, wrapped up in a sheer pink cloth. The sky behind her is stained with layers of faded blue, translucent orange, flaming fuchsia. Wake up . The wind drives the sand against the side of her face. The little grains, whipped up into a rattling velocity, bite into her skin. She wakes her voice. She digs into it with breath, stirs it up out of her belly where it’s been lounging in the face of all this wind-smoothed silence. “Sweets?” Ivako looks around, finds herself mired ankle-deep in the fine sand. “Sweets?” Just wind and ticking and rattling and the undulant moan of the dunes shifting, of the grains singing. I have a date . She frowns. Don’t I ? “Sweets? What the hell are you doing out here? If you are out here.” She plops down onto the soft shifting ground, dumps the heels into her lap. “You can go back to base. I’m fine, I’m fine…I swear this guy will show up, I don’t need you out here to babysit me. I’ll find my way back.” She watches her feet sink, then her knees, then her thighs. “Eventually,” she sighs. She moves whipping hair out of her face. “I hope. I think.” I have a date . Ivako purses her lips. I’m going somewhere, I’m going to be picked up, I need to look pretty, but…where? Where am I going? An urge at the base of her spine, a tug, something like an explosive whisper makes her look up. A sleek dark ship, at first it’s nothing but light flickering across surfaces black and smooth, exits the Dry River constellation. It draws a burning arc across the blue-black horizon. “Sweets? You still there? With her back to the wind, she holds her hair away from her face. She stands up. She watches the ship enter the low atmosphere. The trajectory is…off , she thinks, picking up her shoes. Not to mention that the nearest space port is almost two thousand kilometers from here, and it’s descending too fast. “Crash landing,” she whispers. The ship races in toward the land at a quickening slant. Ivako watches it, she doesn’t recognize the make or model; it’s wide, more wing than body, its reckless descent makes her think of a plummeting bird, black-feathered, something predatory with one delicate joint torn out of true and its body surrendered to the spin of gravity. The ship seems to speed up all at once and it concusses into the ground. The shockwave of it rumbles up beneath her feet, shakes loose tumbling veils of sand. She looks down. Her filmy fluttering skirt is absurd, the muscles in her feet ache from trudging through sand. Ropes of heavy jewels hang around her neck, clink together. Doctor Bah, there is a crashed starship approximately 2.5 kilometers east south east of here. Please wake up. “Sweets?” She makes a face. She turns around in a complete circle. “Where are you? I don’t have a visual. SU3-T5, report?” Three seconds have elapsed since impact. Life-scan is picking up three survivors: female, humanoid, status five; male, humanoid, status four; male, humanoid, status two. Ivako flings the shoes into the sand. “Shit.” Doctor, you need to wake up. Ivako tips her head back, looks up into the darkening sky. She puts her hands on her hips. “This is a dream, isn’t it? Of course it is.” Doctor you You need to Need To Wake Chapter 3 : the statistical likelihood of diagnostic error (now) (a sleek dark ship exits the Dry River constellation, draws a burning arc across the blue-black horizon) “Dr. Bah.” It’s dim inside the small office, one lamp switched on at the edge of a dull steel desk. The charcoal carpet absorbs most of the light; the walls, covered in midnight blue fabric, take the sound of his voice and blunt it, scale it down to a human level. Ivako sits in her desk chair, the chair turned away from the door. Her back is straight, her ankles crossed. Her hands rest in her lap. She looks through a wide slanted window, watches stars drift in the black. “Lord Ren.” He closes the door. She watches his reflection in the glass. He faces her desk, his hands folded behind his back. “You have completed your examination of the prisoner.” She turns her head, looks at her shoulder. “Yes.” “And?” She returns her attention to deep space. Her eyebrows twitch. “Have you read the report, sir?” “I have not.” He shifts his feet. “I want you to sum it up for me.” Ivako takes in a breath, lets it out. She leans into the back of the chair. She crosses her legs. “The patient presents with the expected effects of malnutrition, though there is no evidence of osteomalacia or growth restriction. She is extremely lean, I’d estimate her weight at forty-four kilograms, which has adversely affected her estrogen levels, though she shows no signs of delayed or arrested puberty. The patient’s bloodwork turned up several vitamin deficiencies. I corrected them per your orders and provided hydration supplemented with glucose and electrolytes.” “Very good, doctor.” “I also administered enough analgesia to…” Ivako looks down at her hands, at the fingers folded tight enough to blanch the knuckles. She arches an eyebrow. “Well, I guess I don’t know, do I?” He’s so quiet that she hears her blood beating in her ears. “I ran the plus three, per your…um,” she pauses, wipes her nose with the side of her hand, “very specific orders, and everything came back normal.” “The pluses?” Ivako touches her mouth. “Thyroid function including parathyroid, estradiol/progestin levels, and an MC count.” “Is there anything I should know?” Ivako looks at the lipstick on her fingers and half-turns, plucks a tissue off the desk. “It would be my preference that you read the report yourself, sir.” She scrubs the red off her fingertips, wipes the rest off her mouth. “I don’t wish to inadvertently influence any conclusions you may draw.” “I value your opinion.” She balls up the tissue, uncrosses her legs, tosses the tissue into the trash. “I ran the MC count three separate times and got three different results. Bear that in mind.” “What are you saying, doctor?” Ivako spins the chair around. “I know you’re familiar with Shamasi Temple Med’s entrance requirements, Lord Ren, but for the sake of this discussion I’m going to pretend that you’re not.” She folds her hands in her lap. “To get in, in addition to demonstrating a certain level of self-discipline and excellence in maths and sciences, you need a baseline midi-chlorian count of five thousand. While my grades were excellent and my personal comportment above reproach, it was my midi-chlorian count that impressed the dean of admissions. It was a little over seven thousand, high enough to pursue other forms of Force training…but barely.” She looks at the eye-slit in his mask and unsheathes a narrow, curved, bladelike smile. Its corners tremble. “I only bother mentioning my MC count because the patient’s tested out at twice that, and that count was the lowest of the three, sir.” “And what, in your estimation, doctor, is the statistical likelihood of diagnostic error?” She shrugs. “I’d say plus or minus one percent.” “Did you run a control?” “Of course.” His voice quiets. “Did you use your own blood?” A brief blush blooms in her cheeks. She looks away. “I did.” “Thank you.” Ivako looks down. Her face is hot. “It’s nothing.” “Did something happen?” “No, sir.” She shakes her head. She turns the chair around. “Nothing happened.” She looks out the window, looks at him in the glass and feels a brush of cold. The air thickens around her face, gains an unsteady texture. Ivako breathes hard through her nose. She crosses her legs. She shivers. The stars glitter beyond the glass, hard and sharp. She purses her lips. A ghost of sensation floods the roots of her hair, sinks through the skin. She puts her hands on her knees. The skin on her forearms starts to crawl. She closes her eyes. “This isn’t necessary,” she whispers. There’s a faint dancing crackle of pain at the edges of her lips. Her nostrils flare. The empty space between them takes the rapid puffs of her breath and mingles it with the hollowed-out sweep of his, tangles their rhythms together. Her fingertips dig into her thighs. Her chin trembles. His electricity withdraws. “Thank you, doctor.” “Of course, Lord Ren.” The door opens. The whoosh of it makes her jump. Ivako opens her eyes. Chapter 4 : crash: male, humanoid, status three (then) (a faint dancing crackle of pain at the edges of her lips) “Wake up!” Ivako’s eyes fly open and she gasps. The silence of the subterranean room amplifies the wild jackhammer beat of her heart. “Doctor, did you hear me?” “Yes.” She breathes in through her nose, smells the odors of skin and sweat and bodies caught in her sheets. “Ship crash, two and half kilometers, east…?” She rubs her eyes. “West? East? I don’t know. Did you tell me?” She pushes off the covers. “I can’t remember. I was dreaming.” “I know. East south east, Doctor. Twenty seconds have elapsed since impact. I have taken the liberty of fitting the MedPod with two humanoid bays. It is ready for departure.” “Two?” Ivako swings her legs over, jumps to her feet. She bends over, snatches up her kit. A hand goes to the drawstring waistband of her pajamas. She shoves hair out of her face. “Wait…I thought you said there were three survivors?” “Female, humanoid, status five upgraded to status zero. The suspected cause of death is a transected carotid artery, left side, time of death is twenty-five thirteen.” The droid paused. “I’m sorry, Doctor. We weren’t fast enough. I’m afraid there was nothing we could do.” “Thanks, Sweets.” Ivako tosses her kit onto the bed, runs across the room to a wardrobe. She flings the doors open. “The other two?” “Male, humanoid, status four. Male, humanoid, status three. One minute has elapsed since impact.” “Wasn’t one of them a status two?” Ivako digs out socks, boots, jeans. She yanks down an old patched-up suit of sand-proofed gear. “Before?” “Yes, Doctor.” “Weather conditions?” “The skies are clear through to the stratosphere and the ambient ground temperature is thirty degrees Celsius with a relative atmospheric humidity of three percent. The wind is blowing northeast at an average of five kilometers per hour with intermittent gusts of up to ten kilometers an hour.” “Sandstorms?” “Conditions are not favorable for the spontaneous generation of sand or dust storms.” “Well, that’s some good news at least.” Ivako yanks the socks on, shimmies into the jeans. She steps into her sand-proofed gear, shakes it out, zips it up. She gathers up the long side of her hair and wraps it into a messy bun. “Status update.” “Male, humanoid, status four. Male, humanoid, status three. Three minutes have elapsed since impact. Due to the close proximity of the crash, my scanners are able to pick up vital signs and other miscellaneous data. Shall I estimate diagnoses?” “Yes.” Ivako looks around at the inside of the room, its dimness, the mess of it. For a second she blanks, tiredness creeping back into her body. She sits down on the bed, pulls on her boots. “Please.” “Male, humanoid, status four. Suspected subclass homo sapiens. Suspected injuries epiphyseal fracture, partial, left femur; laceration, partial, abdominal aorta; spiral fracture, complete, left humerus; subluxation, left acromioclavicular joint; burns, second and third degree, unknown percentage of body surface area. Male, humanoid, status three. Suspected subclass homo sapiens. Suspected injuries---” “Less detail, Sweets.” She snugs the helmet down over her head. “Keep it essential.” “Sorry, doctor. Male, humanoid, status four. Suspected injuries include fractures on the left side, a partial dislocation of the shoulder joint, and internal bleeding. Extensive burns likely across the lower body due to combustible fuels released during the crash. Male, humanoid, status three. Suspected injuries include laryngopharyngeal corrosion due to inhaled chemical agents, minor lacerations of the upper esophageal veins with associated clotting, and extensive swelling of the spinal cord at L1 and L2. Three minutes forty seconds have elapsed since impact.” “Is the deceased subclass homo sapiens as well?” “The likelihood is eighty-five percent, doctor.” She locks her sand-mask into place. “How many deceased in total?” “I’m reading a total of ten bodies, doctor.” “How many of them are subclass homo sapiens?” “All of them.” She shakes her head, pulls on polymer gloves. “Not sure I like the sound of that.” “I’m sorry, doctor. I do not comprehend the significance of that particular dataset. Please repeat.” “I said that I’m not sure I like the sound of that. The only ships I can think of that crew exclusively humanoid subclass homo sapiens belong to the First Order, and I have no desire to get tangled up in political shit.” She grabs her kit off the bed. “Fire up the pod.” “Yes, doctor.” “Wait.” Ivako starts to run, and catches herself, skids to a stop in the doorframe. “Dispensaries?” “All MedPod dispensaries read as full.” “Does that include blood?” “Yes, doctor.” “Excellent.” She takes the stairs two at a time. “All right, Sweets, let’s rock and roll.” * * * Ivako slows her approach, her eyes scanning the wreckage. Half the site is buried beneath a slide of rippling sand; hunks of blackened metal stick up through it. She kills the engines. “Male, humanoid, subclass homo sapiens, status five. Twenty meters, northwest. The patient presents with epiphyseal fracture, partial, left femur; laceration, partial, abdominal aorta; spiral fracture, complete, left humerus; subluxation, left acromioclavicular joint; extensive internal bleeding, and third-degree burns on approximately seventy-five percent of body surface area. Shall I administer a terminal dose of analgesia?” Ivako opens the door. She jumps onto the sand. The wind, slight as it is, re-shapes the crater as she approaches at it; thin whirls of sand dance along the site’s surface, ripple along the ash-marks. Shards of heat-twisted glass reflect glints of the sky’s fading and delicate purple. “Eight minutes twenty seconds have elapsed since impact.” The droid pauses. “Shall I administer a terminal dose of analgesia?” A terminal dose, because he’s not going to make it, and the best we can offer him is a death without pain. Fuck. “Scan again, Sweets.” A hot dry wind kicks up, rattles sand against the faceplate of Ivako’s helmet. “Double check. You know the protocol.” “Yes, doctor. Of course.” The droid tumbles out of the pod, rolls toward a sprawled and smoldering figure. Low flames surround the feet, hiss at the wind. The wind turns. It brings a smell of charred clothing, burned hair, greasy cooking meat. “Male, humanoid, status five. Nine minutes have elapsed since impact. Doctor…do you suggest the administration of euthanasia?” “Yeah.” Ivako’s eyes linger on the man’s shape as she trots around the rim of the impact area. She shakes her head, looks away. “Yes, Sweets. Do it.” “Thank you, doctor. Loading intradermal trigger. Firing it now.” Ivako slows. Her breath, trapped behind the sand-mask, amplifies into harshness. “Status?” “The status of the remaining patient has not changed, Doctor.” Ivako stops. She unshoulders her kit, tosses it onto the sand. She turns. “What’s wrong?” “It is my suggestion that you approach the patient with caution.” Ivako looks. In the rosy light, in her ten o’clock position, perhaps four meters away, lies a long-limbed black-clothed manshape. “Statistics?” “Subject is a humanoid male, subclass homo sapiens, height one hundred ninety point five centimeters, weight ninety galactic mean gravity kilograms.” “But we’re not on galactic mean gravity.” She drops to one knee, opens the kit. “Now are we? That’s not going to help me much if I have to move him.” “No, doctor. Weight in Nambi gravity kilograms is ninety point four one one five kilograms. My apologies.” “Vitals?” “The subject is unconscious. Respiration rate is twenty. Pulse rate is one hundred and ten. Blood pressure is one hundred thirty over seventy-nine. Oxygen saturation is at ninety-four percent. Body temperature is thirty-seven point three Celsius.” The droid pauses. “The subject’s medical status number has not changed, doctor. It is my suggestion that you approach him with caution.” Ivako makes a face. “Why?” She glances at the droid, then shakes her head as if to clear it. “You’re being really fucking weird, Sweets, and I’m starting to lose my patience. And why are we still talking and not treating? This isn’t a tea party. It’s no time for chitchat. Get over there.” She flaps a hand. “Go on. Go ahead of me.” The droid doesn’t budge. “Preliminary comparisons between the subject’s---“ “Language, Sweets.” Ivako stands up, brushes sand off her knees. She puts her hands on her hips. “He’s not a subject. He’s a patient, and he can probably hear you. Now, go ahead of me. That’s an order. Also, since we’re having this conversation, could you not talk about him around him like he’s a thing, please?” “The subject is armed with a lightsaber, doctor.” “So?” Ivako picks up the kit, shoulders it. “Big deal. What the hell has gotten into you?” “Preliminary comparisons between the subject’s—my apologies, doctor, the patient’s—biometrics and those listed on certain government-issued bulletins indicate with a ninety percent probability that the patient is Kylo Ren, humanoid male, subclass homo sapiens, age unknown, hair color unknown, eye color unknown, skin color unknown. He is a trained Force adept of exceptional capabilities, a skilled warrior, a known associate of the First Order, and considered by the Republic to be both armed and extremely dangerous.” There is a long pause, in which sand rattles lightly against the droid’s metal casing. “Shall I alert the authorities, doctor?” “What? No, Sweets.” Ivako blinks. She looks at the helmet on the figure’s head. “Do not alert the authorities.” “May I ask why not?” “Because…because, I don’t know, he’s unconscious, and I need space to do my job,” she says, approaching him. “The last thing I need are a bunch of Republic enforcers stomping all around me while I try to get him stable enough to move, and there’s also the First Order to consider, too. They’re the absolute last people I want to deal with right now. Status?” “Please be careful, doctor.” Ivako tosses the kit down beside his head. “Status?” “The patient’s status has not changed.” “Protocol, SU3-T5.” Ivako gets on her knees. She leans over, looks over his supine form. “You will use it. I don’t care how scary he is.” “Yes, doctor. Respiration rate is twenty. Pulse is one hundred fifteen. Blood pressure is one hundred fifty over one hundred. Oxygen saturation is at ninety-six percent. Body temperature is thirty-seven point three Celsius. Shall l check blood glucose levels?” “Yes, Sweets.” She yanks open the kit. “It sounds like he’s waking up.” “He is.” Ivako fishes an intradermal gun out of her kit, loads it with a tiny glass capsule. She glances at the heavy black mask covering his face. She rests the gun on his chest, fishes a knife out of a sheath on her belt. She slides the blade into the cuff of one fitted black sleeve, slices it, then rips it open to the shoulder. She moves one hand over his large, sinewy wrist. The skin is cool, the joints lax. She picks it up. She takes a deep breath, lets it out. The back of her mind piles up with dim images: bones made out of light, the flowing motion of blood, the weak glow of traumatized tissues, sparks of electricity driving the contractions of the heart. She picks up the gun with her other hand, jams the tip into his white bicep. She pulls the trigger. “This will help your pain level.” She reaches for his head, brushes the edges of the mask with light fingers. “You awake, sir?” She feels around for a release mechanism. “Hey. You in there. I’m a doctor. You’ve been in a crash. Are you with me?” “Doctor, it is my suggestion that you use your Force training.” “I am using it! Do not tell me how to do m---“ A voice roars into her head, sudden and booming--- YOU WILL NOT REMOVE THE MASK--- it blots out the rest of the world, rattles into her bones, fills her with thunder. She flinches, lunges backward and finds her wrists caught, his fingers tight and hot, their grip like iron. Her face flames. Her heartbeat triples. Her mind goes utterly blank and her teeth start to chatter, she begins to hyperventilate, her vision starts to pulse. YOU WILL NOT REMOVE THE MASK “But I need to!” Her voice shivers into cracks. “If I-I don’t…you w…you..w-wi…listen to me! Th-There’s a feeling! In your throat! Right n-now! It’s l-like a-a big wad of mucus, like a bad cold, a real lunger, but it’s not!” His grip tightens. Her fingers throb, her knuckles get cold. They start to tingle at the tips. Continue . “You have a strong urge to cough, a-and and I think you’re managing that very well.” Her chest loosens a little. She breathes hard. “My hands…fuck, they’re starting to go numb…y-y-you’re causing damage…I-I need those!” He shifts his grip, loosens it just enough. “Thank you,” she breathes, “thank you for that…sir, I appreciate it, um…but right now what I need is for you to listen to me. That feeling I was talking about, like having a really shitty cold? It’s because your laryngopharyngeal space is full of clots. Like, jammed up full. Standing room only. It’s a real party in there.” Show me . “It’s jellied blood!” She tries to yank her wrists away and he tightens his grip, holds them still. “Jellied blood in your food-tube!” Her breath comes quick and hard. “It’s oozing up around your voice box and threatening to plug your lungs!” Show me . Ivako closes her eyes. Her mouth trembles. In her mind she constructs an anatomical diagram of the throat, illuminates it with color, affixes labels the relevant parts. She fills in the areas of traumatized tissue, shows the slowed trickle of blood, the clumps of thickened and gleaming and darkened clots. His grip gentles, but it does not abate. Thank you . “You’ve already swallowed a significant quantity of blood.” She struggles to calm her breathing. “If you try to cough, you’ll probably trigger your gag reflex, which will make you vomit. Into this close-fitting mask. Where you’ll aspirate. What that means is that you’ll inhale your own puke and choke to death.” His fingers loosen. He lets go of her wrists. Ivako pulls them to her chest, cradles them. She sits back on her heels, watches him. He reaches up, uses a shaking hand to push a button. The mask makes a soft whirring sound. The faceplate pops out with a slight click. His chest heaves. He lets his hands fall. Take it off . Ivako leans over,grabs it. She works its weight up and off his head. The first thing she sees is hair, silky black piles of it, its waves tumbling back from his high forehead. She puts the mask aside. His pale skin gleams with sweat. He looks at her, searches for her eyes. The tiny hairs on the back of her neck crawl. Her skin gets tight. Her mouth fills with a taste of spent gunpowder. Her lips go numb with electricity. The faint purple light, bent into orange by flame and layered with wine-colored shadows, tricks her eyes with retinal flashes: a strong smooth brow, a ghost-wrinkle between wing-shadow eyebrows, hesitant lashes. Trapped in the confusion of her body, the war between heat and cold, her mind revolts; it refuses his face, disassembles the long rawboned nose from the plush lips, disavows the angelic cheekbones, turns the eyes into water-holes. It casts aside the faint tremble of his dimple-lines, his pale shadow of lip-hair. Ivako shakes her head; a shiver coils itself deep into her guts, makes everything tight. She looks away. “How is your pain level?” She peels off one of her gloves, closes her eyes, hesitates. Her teeth chatter. She bites down on her lip. You can’t bear to look at me . She reaches out, rests her bare hand on his forehead. The heat of him, the softness, is tremendous. “Answer the question, please.” There is a lot of pain but I have felt this level of pain before . Ivako opens her eyes. She fishes another glass capsule out of the kit. She snaps it into place. I don’t need more painkillers. Ivako lets out a sharp sigh, tosses the intradermal gun back into the kit. “Turn onto your side.” His eyes, dark and lustrous in the fading light, crawl over her faceplate. I can’t move my legs. “Of course you can’t.” Her face gets hot. She digs with both hands for the intradermal gun, finds it and wrestles out the spent capsule, tosses it aside, snaps in another. She rips open his shoulder seam, presses it down into the outermost curve of his deltoid. She pulls the trigger. It bucks a little into her hand. “This’ll help you. Somewhat. With that.” She squeezes her eyes shut. “It’s quick-acting, so as soon as you feel paresthesias---uh, that’s tingling or popping or crawling sensations in your legs---I want you to try and move them. Your feet, then your knees. Okay?” Why won’t you look at me? “I need you to tell me that you understand.” He keeps his eyes on the faceplate. His lips part with a sticky wet sound that startles her into opening her eyes. She looks down, sees his blood-stained teeth, the red and spit forming a slack bubble. She pops it with her bare and shaking fingers. His forehead creases. She turns her hand, covers his mouth. Her breath is loud inside her helmet. “Do not use your voice.” She brings the faceplate of her helmet close to the tip of his nose. “If you use it now, you could lose it forever.” Her voice drops into a half-whisper. “Is that what you want?” No . She straightens up. “You need to stop fighting me and let me do my fucking job.” “Doctor, the patient’s blood glucose level is sixty-four. Shall I start an IV?” Ivako glances at the droid. “Yes, Sweets.” “Shall I hook up one liter of humanoid blood, subclass homo sapiens, blood type O?” She picks up the loose cloth of his robes and wipes his blood off her fingers. “Yes, Sweets.” I can move my feet, doctor. Knees, too . “Excellent.” Ivako backs away, slides into the sand. “Sweets, when you’ve achieved IV access, I need you to assist the patient in turning onto his left side.” “Of course. Pardon me, doctor…but are you all right?” “Yes, Sweets.” She blows out a stream of air. “For fuck’s sake, don’t focus on me, focus on the patient. I’m fine. I’m just tired.” She adjusts the helmet. “Don’t worry about me.” You’re a bad liar. Even your droid sees it. “Preparing to turn the patient, doctor.” “Excellent. You may do it now.” “The patient is quite tall.” “Yes.” Ivako glances up and down his length. “He is.” “The procedure is proving to be rather awkward due to the excess of height.” There’s a pause. “I’m going to need help, doctor.” “Of course you are.” Ivako gets up, runs around, drops to one knee. “Sorry about that. Okay. Okay.” She moves to wipe the sweat off her forehead, slaps her knuckles into the faceplate. “Take the hip, Sweets.” She shakes out her hand and tucks under his shoulder. She tucks the other beneath his ribs. “Yeah, that’s great. Okay. Let’s do this on three. One…two…” His face blanches. He coughs a little, starts to gag. “Now! Three! Do it now!” He flops over. His cheek hits the sand. Sweat surges along his hairline, runs in drips off his upper lip. Ivako hastens a hand to the front of his throat. She cups his Adam’s apple, fingers splayed across the muscles in the front of his neck. Her breathing goes wrong in her mouth. The faceplate fogs up along its bottom edge. Her other hand claws at the helmet, unfastens it, rips it off. His mouth trembles. She digs at the cuff of her one remaining glove with the edge of her teeth, catches it, bites down. The corners of his eyes get tight. Tears run over his temples, pool in his ears. The thin shallow whistle of his fluttering breath breaks off. She grunts and tears the glove off, spits it to one side. “Doctor, I have to say it, I’m sorry, pardon me—” Ivako looks up at the horizon, now black. “—but what you’re doing, it disregards certain protocols set forth by the---“ “SHUT UP!” Ivako takes his jaw into shaking fingers, cradles it. She closes her eyes. Her breath saws in and out of her nose. Both hands on him, skin-to-skin, is like touching a bolt of lightning. She clenches her teeth. “Don’t fight me,” she whispers. Please don’t. She goes to the center of her mind. She gropes through her own chaos for the clot, it’s huge, firm in the center, jammed tight in his trachea. His panic is immense. “I’m pulling it out,” she murmurs, keeping her hands on him. “Open your mouth.” His heels dig into the sand. His back arches. He clutches at her forearms, pulls on her sleeves. “Open your mouth.” She takes her hand off his jaw, puts it on his forehead. The skin is drenched and cold and it smells bitter, like the head of a wet match. “Don’t cough. I know you want to, I feel the urge in you, but I need you to resist.” Her back is tight, her arms stiff. Her fingers are splayed across his throat. She’s panting. “I n-need you to open your mouth. Now. You can do it.” His throat arches. His body jerks and he gags, opens his mouth. The clot falls out. It’s huge, a black slimy wad trailing jellied red strings. He shudders, chest hitching, and he draws in a long thin whistling breath, coughs out a fine spray of red. He draws in a ragged breath, his body bows with the effort, and he coughs and coughs. His whole body shakes with it. “That’s good.” She strokes the loose hair off his brow. She keeps her eyes closed; in her mind she watches the veins repair themselves, mucosa smoothing over into a warm pink flush. “That’s so good. That’s it. You’re doing great.” He turns onto his forearms, spits out a sticky mess of blood and phlegm. I’m going to--- Ivako lets go of his neck. He pushes himself up, back arching, and she slides a hand up between his shoulder blades as his breath catches. His abdominal muscles clench, push the heavy wet splatter of vomit up through his mouth. He clears his throat. He spits. “The patient has achieved status one.” The droid pauses. “Excellent work, doctor.” Ivako’s body floods with cold sweat. “Thank you, Sweets.” “Doctor? You don’t look well.” His head hangs, mouth open. He wipes his mouth with a shaking hand. Ivako backs away, turns around, crawls on all fours. “Doctor?” Ivako blanches, doubles over, hurls up what’s left of her supper. “I’m okay.” She coughs, heaving up long green strings of bile. “This h-happens sometimes.” “Shall I---“ “Tend to the patient?” Ivako clears her throat. She wipes her mouth on the inside of her wrist. “Yes, Sweets. You should. By all means, go get the stretcher.” “But—” “I’m fine.” She wipes her mouth on her forearm. “Really.” “I don’t need a stretcher.” The deep timbre of his voice climbs up her spine-skin, roughens it into gooseflesh. The roots of her hair stiffen. “Yes, you do.” Ivako glances at him. “You’re not ready to stand.” He pushes himself up onto his knees. He looks around. “I can stand.” Ivako shakes her head. “No.” He lurches upward, stagger-steps onto his feet. His luxuriant hair is snarled up in the back. He sways. The bloodied slant of his mouth flickers in the firelight, moves between a purplish-black and jewel-red. He wheels around, looks at her. His mouth slackens. His eyes go dull. His face blanches. His eyelids flicker and his eyes roll back. Ivako watches him hit the sand. “You can’t.” “The IV is still in place, doctor.” “Good.” She stands, brushes sand off herself. “Go get the stretcher.” Chapter 5 : the metal screams (now) (the bloodied slant of his mouth flickers) A cold hard pulse blooms in the center of Ivako’s head, pushes outward, a tightening precursor to pain; her fingers loosen, her tablet clatters onto the desk, and she reaches up. She digs her fingers into her temples, makes slow circles. You---! How---? What---? YOU---! She glances up. The door to her office slides open. Kylo Ren blows in, slams the door switch with the side of his fist, he crosses the room with lanky twitching strides. He reaches up with shaking hands to push the faceplate-release mechanism on his mask, yanks it off, and flings it into a shelf. The corners of his mouth are tight, his eyes widened, rimmed with red, his nostrils flushed. He slams his hands down on the edge of the desk. His face twists up, his mouth opens. He lets loose a raw, inarticulate scream. She flinches back, winces, kicks the chair back against the window. Her side of the desk lifts up, wobbles, crashes back down again. He grabs the edge of the desk, lunges over it. “You LIED TO ME!” “I don’t kn---“ “You said NOTHING HAPPENED!” In a vicious whipping arm movement, he backhands the loose clutter on the surface of her desk across the room. “YOU LIED !” “I told you to read the report!” She climbs up into the chair, crouches down. “You decided not to!” He draws his foot back and kicks the desk. “SHE PUSHED ME OUT , IVAKO!” He snarls, kicks it again. “That…t-that girl, that---“ His foot dents the metal. “Little scavenger bitch, that whelp, that---” He whirls around, hair flying, and drives his fist into the narrow strip of wall between the door and the shelf. “NOTHING, that WASTE, that FUCKING USELESS NOTHING LITTLE SCAVENGER GIRL FROM JAKKU PUSHED ME OUT !” Ivako clears her throat. She grips the arms of the chair. “L-Lord Ren.” He roars and rams his knuckles into the wall a second time, does it a third; he splinters the fiberglass beneath the midnight blue cloth, tears the fabric. The skin splits over his knuckles. “Kylo.” He whips around, chest rising and falling, his face gleaming with sweat. He’s got the lightsaber-hilt in his hand. He glares at her. His breathing is harsh. “What?” Ivako watches his face. “You’re going to hurt yourself if you don’t stop.” He turns his body, prowls away from the door, the hand with the saber-hilt moving away from the outside of his thigh. He watches her and his voice runs aground, scratches up, turns confidential. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” “No.” Ivako’s eyes drop to the hilt. “Of course I wouldn’t.” She licks her lips, swallows. “Why would I want that?” “I don’t know.” His voice drops, loses some of its strength. It gains a brittle edge. “Why would you lie to me?” “I didn---“ The red plasma blade leaps out into the shadows, fills the small room with the noise of its hiss and crackle. She scrambles out of the chair, jumps back, hits the windowsill. He swings it up, brings it down, drives the lightsaber through the center of her desk. She claps a hand over her mouth. The metal screams. Red-hot sparks fly. “DO…” He lifts up one leg, slams one half of it so hard with the sole of his boot that it spins off, goes careening into one corner of the room. “ NOT … He waves his hand, uses the Force to fling the other half of the desk up against the door. “FUCKING…” He grabs her by the twist in her hair, yanks her away from the window. “ LIE TO ME !” “I-It was…it was nothing! Just a glimpse, it was chaotic and unorganized, just images, I-I don’t think she c-could make any sense of i---“ He brings his face close to hers. He breathes hard, lets his mouth hover over her cheek. His fingers tighten into a fist. “A GLIMPSE OF WHAT ?” “N-Nambi…the c-c-crash, Nambi.” Ivako pulls in a tight hitching breath. “It was n-nothing, just pieces…I-I don’t think she e-even knew it was you…don’t hurt me.” She breathes hard, the words shaking their way up out of her throat. “Please don’t, Kylo, please, don’t, don’t, she didn’t see much, I d-didn’t think…I didn’t think it mattered,” she whispers. “I’m s-sorry, just…j-just…I-I’m…I’m…” Ivako whimpers and closes her eyes; tears well up, overflow, make hot gleaming lines on her cheeks. “Sorry.” She turns toward his mouth. “I should’ve told you.” His breath hitches, changes course. His fingers loosen. “Please.” Her chest rises and falls, her breath hot on his lips. “Turn it off.” He pulls in a deep breath, lets it shudder its way out of him. He lets go of her hair. His gaze moves over her face, finds the tracks of her tears. He follows them into the hollow of her throat. “Kylo,” she whispers. His chin trembles. He deactivates the lightsaber. “I’m sorry,” she breathes. He hangs the lightsaber-hilt on his belt. “I-It won’t…” Ivako sniffles, clears her throat. “It won’t happen again.” She lifts her chin. “Lord Ren.” He yanks off one leather glove. He brings his shaky thumb to her face, wipes her tears. Her body jerks at the touch. He moves his thumb across her bottom lip and she gasps. He breathes through his mouth. He doesn’t look in her eyes. I’m sorry. She nods. He brings his mouth to her forehead, moves his hand over the ruined twist. He whispers into her hairline: “Did I hurt you?” Ivako closes her eyes. Her hands find the loose cloth of his hood, wrap themselves tight around it. She shakes her head and her mouth forms itself around the word: no . He hesitates, moves his bare hand, skims it over her cheek; his fingertips trail over the fullness of the underlying bone and her breath comes faster, strains itself into a thin moan. Slowly, she turns her mouth into his palm. Breath leaves him in a hot shaking rush. What are you going to do? He lingers a bare second, pulls his hand back and her brows knot together. He puts the glove back on, slides his hands over hers. She opens her eyes. He pulls her hands off him. Ivako looks down. She takes a step back and turns around, folds her arms tight across her breasts. He stands still, his head bowed. It takes a long time for him to catch his breath. She takes a deep breath, turns. She kicks her way through the rubble, squats, digs his mask out from beneath the remains of her desk. She stands, turns, holds it out to him. She doesn’t look at his face. He takes it. A handful of seconds later, she hears him put it back on. She goes back to the window, stands there, hugs herself. She stares into the black between the stars. Her chin trembles. “Until this one can be repaired, someone will reassign you to a different space.” “Of course.” He pauses. “A nicer one.” She nods, claps a hand over her mouth to muffle the irregularity of her breath. He takes a step toward her and she stiffens. He uses the Force to clear the door. The pieces of the desk scrape across the carpet, organize themselves into a haphazard pile. She winces. The door whooshes open. There’s a space in her mind, a stirring there; it makes her think of dark water smooth and swaying on the surface, waiting for the current below to churn it out of sleep. It feels like…the feelings beneath words, an intent of speech struggling. He strides out of the room. The door whooshes shut. Chapter 6 : sedation: an ocean in her skin (then) Notes: If you ever wondered what "the opposite of slow burn" looks like, well...here's your answer. :-) (into the hollow of her) Ivako strips off the sand-gear. The sound of her movements translates itself into echoes, her breath and the rustle of it, the clang of buckles, all of it building into a white noise. Preliminary comparisons between the patient’s biometrics and those listed on certain government-issued bulletins indicate with a ninety percent probability that the patient is Kylo Ren. She holds her breath, flings the gear into the wardrobe. She kicks the boots when they tumble back out. She exhales and slams the doors shut, kicks them with the flat of her foot, slams the left-hand one with the heel of her hand. She turns, leans her back against it, closes her eyes. Her breathing hiccups. Her viscera clenches. Her nostrils gets hot. Her eyes sting. He is a trained Force adept of exceptional capabilities, a skilled warrior, a known associate of the First Order, and considered by the Republic to be both armed and extremely dangerous. Ivako pulls off her tank top, throws it on the floor. “Doctor?” The droid’s voice is flattened into echoes by the long hallway between them. “Is everything all right?” Ivako yanks the elastic out of her hair. She shakes it loose, rubs at the aching roots. “Fuck off, Sweets,” she mutters. “Doctor?” “I’M FINE !” she yells. “Status?” “The patient’s status has not changed.” Ivako unzips her pants. She pushes them down, kicks them off, bends over and snatches them up. She grabs her tank top, carries everything to a hamper. “Is he awake?” “No, doctor. The patient has been sedated.” She slams the clothes into the hamper, whirls around, stomps to the door. She sticks her head out into the hallway. “What did you say?” “I said that the patient has been sedated, doctor.” Ivako barrels out into the hallway. “On whose authority?” “I thought it in your best interest.” “You do NOT get to decide what is in my BEST INTEREST!” She breaks into a trot, her bare feet slapping the duracrete. She grabs the doorframe and swings herself around the corner. She strides up to the droid, chest heaving, her eyes wet, and jabs the tip of her finger against its metal head. “You do not get to decide what my best interest is, Sweets.” The words grind through clenched jaws. “You take him out of sedation and you take him out right…fucking…now.” “Doctor. You’re naked.” “Yeah.” Ivako looks down, slaps her bare thighs. “So I’m naked. Big deal. So what. Take him out.” She folds her arms, shifts her weight. “Do it right now.” “Perhaps you should take a shower and dress yourself first. I could make you some tea. Would you like some tea, doctor? There’s a shipment of fresh chrysanthemum tea just arrived from Takodana.” “I don’t want any tea. I want you to stop fiddle-fucking around and do what I told you to do. I said to take the patient out of sedation. I want you to do it immediately.” “Perhaps you would you like to discuss what happened at the crash site, doctor. I apologize, I am not programmed to perform psychological counseling, but---“ “I SAID TAKE HIM OUT OF SEDATION!” “---I am prepared to assist you with your feelings to the best of my ability. It seems to me that your breaches of protocol, particularly those immediately necessitated by the subject’s threat of choking, have greatly upset you. You may correct me if I’m wrong.” “I am greatly upset by your inability to follow orders. That is what I am greatly upset about. If you really want to calm me down, Sweets, you will take the fucking patient out of sedation. Like I told you to.” “I don’t feel that this course of action is in your best interest. Would you like a cup of tea?” Ivako rubs her face with both hands. “If you don’t take him out of sedation, I’ll do it myself. Then I’ll override you and stick you in a broom closet. Is that what you want?” “You need to calm down, doctor.” “And you need to do what you’re told, Sweets.” “What is your plan?” “Excuse me?” “Regarding the patient, doctor. What is your plan?” “The treatment plan is to continue IV fluids, with the inclusion of total parenteral nutrition, through an observation period of twelve hours. Once the observation time has passed, provided it does so uneventfully, the plan is to discontinue IV therapy and…and discharge him.” “Is it your intention to alert the authorities?” “We’ve already had this discussion.” “In the field, yes. Now that the patient is stable and chemically restrained, there’s no reason not to alert the authorities.” “Chemically restrained against my direct orders.” “I made this decision with your safety in mind, Dr. Bah.” “And have you alerted the authorities, Sweets? Since you are finding it so easy to disobey my direct orders?” “I have not, doctor. As you know, my programming only allows for disobedience when the doctor’s orders directly contradict the doctor’s safety. You did not directly order me to refrain from contacting the authorities; instead, you listed field safety and the need for immediate patient stabilization as a reason to refrain. The safety of the patient comes first. Shall I alert the authorities?” “No.” “May I ask why?” Ivako sighs, plunks herself down on a stool. She pulls her knees up, perches her heels on the edge of the stool’s seat. She wraps her arms tight around her calves. “No, actually.” She sighs, puts her chin on her knees. “You may not ask why. Can’t you just do it?” “I don’t understand, doctor.” “You don’t have to.” She grabs the edge of the desk, uses it to turn toward the row of monitors embedded in the wall. Her voice drifts into contemplation. “Instead, Sweets, I want you to purge the patient’s records and dump all security footage, video and audio, going back to twenty-three hundred. Have you filed a report with Neva Cathari’s skymaster?” “I did not.” “Good. I want you to.” “I don’t like the sound of this.” Ivako unfolds her legs, puts her feet on the floor. She sighs. “I don’t care if you like it or not.” “Are you a First Order sympathizer, doctor?” “Report the time and location of the crash, our time of departure, and that treatment was attempted and failed on two survivors, statuses four and five. Do not detail injuries. Document the administration of two doses of euthanasia and report a total body count of thirteen. Declare all of the bodies as left in situ and list the reason for that as a rapidly approaching sandstorm.” “You want me to report that there were no survivors of the crash.” “Yes.” “May I ask why?” “No, you may not.” “Are you a First Order sympathizer, doctor?” “No. I’m not.” “Then why are you doing this?” “I don’t know.” “There is something you’re not telling me.” “Yeah.” Ivako rubs her face. “There is, but I don’t think I could describe it well enough for you to understand, so I’m not going to bother.” “Does it involve the Force?” “Yes. I think so. Yeah…I don’t know. I’m not sure. But I think so.” Ivako shakes her head, puts a hand on the back of her neck. She rubs it. She glances at the droid. “You think I’m crazy, don’t you?” “I am not qualified to judge your mental state, doctor.” A brief smile quirks her lips. “Take him out of sedation, Sweets.” “Please detail to me the benefits to this course of action. I don’t understand. I am capable of observing him while he is unconscious. How do the benefits of waking him stack up against the extraordinarily high risk inherent in bringing him out of sedation?” There’s a pause. “Do you wish to talk to him, doctor?” Ivako blushes. “He can’t eat while he’s unconscious.” “The patient’s on total parenteral nutrition, doctor. He doesn’t need to eat.” “But he might feel better with a little food and drink in his stomach.” “The patient’s feelings matter to you.” Ivako shrugs a shoulder, glances at the door to his room. She slides off the stool. “I guess they do.” “Why?” “I don’t know.” “I don’t understand.” “He is a patient in my care, and his well-being is my responsibility.” Ivako folds her arms. She purses her lips, lifts an eyebrow. “That’s the only reason you need.” “There’s something you’re not telling me.” “Wake him up.” Ivako turns. “I’m going to take a shower.” “Doctor?” “This conversation is over.” She pauses in the doorway, glances back over her shoulder. “Remove those chemical restraints, Sweets. Do it now.” There is something you’re not telling me. Ivako drifts down the hallway. Her hair’s still damp, her cargo pants stiff on her skin, the canned air cool on her neck and shoulders, the skin all over her body still tight and flushed and tingling with the heat and continuous pressure of the shower. She rounds a corner, enters the darkened medbay. Does it involve the Force? Her feet slow. The flush of blood hovers in her skin, her pulse amplified in her ears by the thick underground silence. She approaches the open room. Hesitates. His door frames a rectangle of underwater light. She holds a cup of hot tea in one hand. The beep of the life-monitor is soft and monotonous. “Hello, doctor.” His voice is low and soft. “I know you’re out there.” Ivako’s breath locks in her chest. There’s a rustling. She can’t hear his breath but there’s a movement like bedclothes shifting and she feels it, it moves like air and heat over her skin—a light prickle, a brush of breath scattering up her spine. She positions herself up against the wall, turns sideways. Her heart pounds. She closes her eyes. “You aren’t disturbing me,” he half-whispers. “Please. Come in.” She lets out a long whistling breath. “Um.” She swallows. “Y-Yes, hello. I’m out here. Um…did you need anything?” “Yes.” She leans her cheek into the cool stone. She reaches out, runs a fingertip along the outside edge of the doorframe. “What can I get for you?” “You can enter this room.” There’s a pause. “I want to see you.” She looks down at the tea. The cup trembles in her hands. She lifts it to her nose, sniffs it. “Doctor?” “Yes.” Ivako squats, sets it down beside the doorway. The ceramic bottom scrapes against the duracrete. She wipes her damp palms on the sides of her thighs. “I’m coming.” She rounds the corner and finds him sitting up in the center of the bed, long black hair falling out of a haphazard side part, the white sheets and dull tan blankets wrestled around his long folded thighs. His dark eyes center on her face. He’s shirtless, his mouth flushed. His hands lie limp in his lap, the long fingers half-curled. The weak light sharpens all the angles in his face and the sight of them cuts, does it on the inhale; it leaves a wound inside her so precise that at first it can only throb, making heat, her pulse taking over and readying a space for pain. Her breath turns itself loose, makes an ocean in her skin. “Now you can’t look away,” he murmurs. “Interesting.” The skin of her face itches in its delirium and her eyes fall, catch themselves on a prominent vein on the back of his left hand. Tape crosses it, holds it down. A coil of narrow tubing snakes across the mattress. Ivako slides a hand up around the back of her neck. “I’ll have Sweets come in here and take that out.” She tuns her eyes away. “I, uh…I-I think you probably don’t need it.” “You’re afraid of me.” She sucks in a sharp breath, holds it. She hugs herself. “Y-Yeah,” she breathes, watches the lush and curve of his mouth. She nods. “Yes.” “Why?” “Why not?” She steals a glance at the shapes of his cheekbones. Her mouth opens. “Shouldn’t I be?” He holds out a hand. “No.” Her body drowns in a wave of heat. “A-Am I…” Her voice shakes down into a weak half-whisper. She starts to sweat. “Am I reading this wrong?” “No.” Her breathing quickens. “What are you going to do to me?” “What do you want me to do to you?” Ivako looks at the palm of his hand. “I-I don’t know.” “Come here.” “Maybe you should, uh…” She closes her eyes, shakes her head. She touches the back of her neck. Folds her arms. “Put something on?” She rubs her chin. She licks her lips. “You know…cover up?” He glances down at his bare chest. “Does this make you uncomfortable?” “Yes.” She rubs her hand over her mouth. Nods. “Yes, it does.” “Is uncomfortable the correct word?” He studies her face. “I feel like it’s not.” “What do you…?” She averts her eyes. “I…I don’t…a-are you…?” “You’re very easy to read.” Her eyes gloss up with tears. Her chin trembles. “This is humiliating.” He lowers his voice. “Don’t be humiliated.” He reaches out. “That’s not what I want.” “Then…then what do you…d-do you,” her voice drops into a hissed whisper, “what do you want? I…I don’t understand, what is this, why can’t you just…I don’t know, tell me something, or give me something to do?” Tears slide over her cheeks, break the skin out in goosebumps. She looks at the ceiling. Her mouth trembles. “Why do you have to look at me like that?” “Because I want you to come here.” Her spine-skin shivers. “You could force me if you wanted to.” She glances at his eyes, looks at the floor. Independently of the rest of her body, her feet take a slow sliding step toward him. Her voice softens. “Couldn’t you?” “Yes.” He’s quiet. “But I know I don’t have to.” She makes a face, turns it away. She struggles against the urge to cry. Her chest rises and falls. “Are you Kylo Ren?” “Yes.” Ivako takes another step. She holds out her hand, looks at her loose fingers, watches the palm of his hand lift up beneath them. The skin of his fingers is soft, their grip firm. Her body jerks. Her scalp gets hot. “A-Are the warnings true?” “Yes.” He pulls her closer, studies her face. “Some of them are true.” She stumbles a little, hits the edge of the bed. “Only some of them?” “Yes.” She takes his hand, turns it over, brings it up to her face. She skims her mouth across his palm. Kylo’s breath stops. “Thank you.” She makes a soft whimpering sound, kisses the inside of his wrist. “For what?” His breath quickens. “Saving my life.” She leaves a slow chain of soft lingering kisses up the inside of his forearm. She rubs her face against the inside of his elbow. “It’s my job.” He traces the length of her cheekbone with his thumb and a slow release of air drags a long pained half-humming sound up through her throat. “A different person would’ve left me to die.” “Are you…” Her brow furrows. The words spill out of her in a hot rush. “A-Are…are y-you…going to…h-hurt me?” “If you want me to.” He runs his fingers through her damp hair. “Do you want me to?” “No,” she whispers. He breathes hard. “Take your clothes off.” “Y-You…” Hot red color spills up over her chest, flares in her cheeks. “I-I don’t…I-I…you shhh…I’m…” She lets go of his hand and he cradles her face with it. She looks everywhere but into his eyes. “I-I’m not sure…I don’t think you…I-I’m not…” “Don’t lie to me.” “O-Okay,” she whispers. She yanks the tank top up and over her head, throws it aside. “I won’t.” Kylo pushes the tangle of bedclothes off his lap—he’s wearing those disposable loose blue plague pants, she imagines Sweets digging them out of the storage closet—she looks down and there’s a line of black hair and smooth tight skin over hipbones and her breathing goes ragged, her head gets light, the room gets bright. “Come here.” Ivako unfastens her pants. “I-I don’t…” He takes hold of her jaw, rubs his thumb across her bottom lip. She whimpers. “Shhhhh.” The inside seams scrape on their way down and the gooseflesh that sweeps up her body, tightens into the roots of her hair, is like a rain of hot needles. The room air turns cold. She shivers, puts her knee on the bed, climbs up; she looks down, straddles him and his big hands splay around her thighs, fingers curling. He pulls her into his lap. The press and slide of his skin, smooth hot friction, floods her mouth. It tilts the world. White noise fills her ears. She closes her eyes, gulps in air. “Gods,” she whispers. He takes her face in both hands. “Even now you can’t bear to look at me,” he murmurs. “Why won’t you look at me?” She’s dizzy. “I…don’t know.” “Yes.” He lowers his voice, makes it soft. He slides a hand up her neck, cups the back of her head. He knots his fingers into her hair. He makes a fist. He enunciates his words. “You do.” “You…y-you make me afraid,” she breathes. “O-Of myself.” Kylo’s fist tightens. He brings his mouth close to hers and at first his kiss is hesitant, soft, a bare touch of the lips. Her breath hitches, her body undulates, her thighs get tight and her hips roll up against the stiffened-up throbbing hard of him and with a strangled moan he pulls her mouth onto his, turns a kiss into a hot hard devouring. His arms rush, awkward, and wrap around her, his hands restless. He grabs, hauls her body tight against his. She caresses his cheekbones. His breathing goes ragged. “What do I call you?” “Ivako.” Her fingers tremble; she runs a fingertip down the bridge of his nose and he shudders, his breath torn apart, his fingers loosening, his eyes squeezing shut. His forehead tenses. She leans the bridge of her nose, the space between her eyebrows, into his cheek. His mouth opens and closes. Her breath puffs hot into his skin. “My name is Ivako Bah.” He nuzzles her neck, moans. He smothers his mouth with her skin. “Where are you from?” She puts her arms around his neck, buries her face into the mussed-up art of his hair. “Takodana.” Kylo slides his hands up her flanks and she shivers, her spine twisting with it. Her nipples harden into points. He holds her breasts, licks her, bites down; her breath explodes out of her nose. Her lips tremble apart. He pinches one nipple, slides the other hand between her legs. “I’m going to take care of this.” His voice hums into her skin. “Is that all right?” She nods, whimpers at the graze of his fingers on her clit. “Y-Yes, yes.” She nods again, grips his shoulders. She breathes into his ear. “Yeah,” she pants. “It’s all right.” His fingertips slide around and around between her lips, dive into her wet. The muscles in her thighs start to shake. Two fingers enter the slicked-up twitching cave of her; a third slips in, a fourth, they burn and bury themselves to the palm. He pushes the heel of his hand into her clit and she cries out, grinds against it. I could put my whole hand inside of you . He rubs the heel of his hand in tight circles. You’d let me do it . Yes . Her nails dig into his skin. She arches her throat. Her hips work against his rhythm. “I’ll let you do anything you want,” she gasps. I…I-I could--- She pulls on his hair. “Do it,” she whispers. He cradles her shoulder blades with the inside of his forearm, tips her backward. He shifts his legs out from beneath her. He lowers her to the bed. Ivako reaches up, moves his hair out of his face. Kylo straddles her knees, leans himself into one forearm. He watches her face, pushes his fingers back up inside her; he breathes against her mouth, skims his thumb over her clit until she grabs the blankets and arches her back. He searches her eyes. You really want this? She nods. She lifts her head up off the bed, bites her lip, kisses him. Yes . “Good,” he murmurs. She closes her eyes, opens her mouth. He brings his mouth to her neck, kisses; he crawls down, lets his breath fall on her skin, kisses between her breasts, the rise and fall of her belly. He palms her hipbones. He coils himself between her spread legs. The bridge of his nose grazes the mound of her cunt. Ivako rests a hand on the back his head. He lays the flat of his tongue over her clit, drags it up. She twitches around his buried fingers as he licks; he makes an animal sound, tucks his thumb into the swollen thick of her. Thick tendons tense, pop against the skin of her inner thighs. She digs her trembling fingers into his soft pile of hair. She makes a fist. He straightens his forearm, shoulders rotating, and angles pressure into his wrist. She moans, her neck and shoulders lifting up off the bed. He breathes hard, keeps his tongue moving and she digs her heels, pushes her clit into his mouth. The pulse in her grows slick, the hot muscles rippling. Her throat arches, her lungs working, her spine stiff with effort. The stretched rim of her cunt clenches wet at the angular thickness of his knuckles. Overlapping waves of harsh, heaving breath. Kylo’s free hand crawls up past her heaving belly, skirts her ribs, finds the strong thud of her heart. He grips her chest, caresses its wild pounding through the thin heat of her sweating skin. Show me. Both hands find his hair, her fingers shaking their way to the roots. A hot velvet mouth swallows his senses and he gets dizzy, lightheaded, floaty. The tension in her body is unbearable and the pain comes like a swarm, a gush of fire that crawls all over the inside of his skin. So sweet, so soft. So fragile . Her sensations turn loose in his body and it balances him on the silk edge of both sides, the intense pressure on his hand, his bones grinding. Magnificent . Ivako moans. Her cunt swallows him to the wrist and the breaking burn of it flares up, takes over, it floods him, the edges of her pain cracking, her breath shoving it up against a wall. Its slow shuddering melt translates into a foreign, brutal, excruciating form of pleasure that steals his breath, tightens his throat, pushes him past language. Ivako gasps at the shock of it, the chill of it entering and shaking her apart. Her cunt pulses, strong, its walls beating like a heart. There’s the feverish diligence of his tongue---she groans, there’s hot humid blackness, red viscera, the quiver and tremble of flesh so tight it’s gone past tension, gone past trembling, stretched so far over an abyss that it’s like a death-cusp, and she’s grabbing. Her fingers mutilate fabric. Her throat makes raw animal sounds. She pushes herself onto him, bears down, and in the tight of her his knuckles scrape, his fingers muscle up against her bones and he can’t take it. Kylo’s hand spasms on her breast. He makes a wrenching pathetic sound, chokes on it. His body twists, jerks, writhes its way into orgasm. Ivako’s blood roars in her ears and the spurt and spill and sob of him sets off the quake. Her spine doubles up. The clench, her gush, the electricity of it; she growls, drools, kicks, convulses. Her whole body contracts. Her voice cracks into a howl. His free hand, its IV tubing slithering across her breasts, the fingers weak and trembling, touches her chin. Ivako bursts into tears. Chapter 7 : medical security clearance (now) Notes: ...and here is the precise moment this story looked at me, said FUCK YOU , chucked my lovingly-crafted plan out the window, and proceeded to do whatever the Christly fuck it wanted to do. I'm sorry? You're welcome? I guess we'll see? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) (the silk edge of both sides) You will remove these restraints at once and leave this cell with the door open. Rey listens to the rushes out of the cell, her breathing too fast; she stumbles on weakened knees, her heart wild, her ears pounding. I can’t believe it worked, I can’t, I can’t believe this, I cannot believe it fucking worked--- Rey rounds a corner looking over one shoulder and slams full force into another body. What---? A low-pitched, honeyed-over female voice enters her head. Full of urgency, it half-whispers: get up . Rey pushes herself off the floor, turns over, looks up into the flushed face of Dr. Bah. Her small pointed boot kicks Rey’s purloined blaster across the hall. Rey scrambles back on the heels of her hands, grimaces. She scrapes at the floor with her heels. “Don’t run.” Ivako glances both ways, holds out her hand. “Get up.” “Why should I?” Ivako’s mouth flattens. “I may like sand-cats, but I’m not cruel. I’m trying to help you.” “But I’m trying to escape!” “I know.” Ivako lunges forward, grabs Rey’s hand. Rey yanks her arm back. Ivako grips her wrist. “I was coming to break you out.” Rey’s jaw drops. “What?” Ivako lets go. She looks around, hurries to the other side of the hallway. She picks up the blaster, punches buttons in the wall. A narrow closet panel recesses, slides itself open. She flings the blaster inside. Rey gets to her feet, runs to the panel just as it slides shut. “What are you doing?” “What’s it look like?” “I need that!” “No, you don’t.” Ivako looks up the corridor. “Come with me.” Rey narrows her eyes. “Why should I trust you?” “Look, Rey, I’m sorry. I’m not sure what I can say to you right now, because we don’t have time.” Ivako trots a short distance down the hallway. She comes to a door, punches in the code to open it. “Get in here.” “Is that another cell?” “Yes, it is, since this is the containment block, but this one has new clothes for you because I put them there.” The door slides open. “It also has food.” Ivako glances at Rey. “Real food. Hot food. With meat.” Rey’s eyes widen just a little. She dashes forward, sticks her head inside. Her stomach growls. Her mouth waters. “I’ve only ever had meat twice.” “I know.” Ivako strides into the cell. “Your bloodwork said as much.” “This feels like a trap.” “Look.” Ivako goes to a cabinet, yanks the doors open. She tugs out a crammed-in black duffel. “Nothing I say is going to convince you, and I totally get that.” She unzips it, pulls out a pair of dark gray uniform pants. “So use the Force.” Rey’s brow furrows. She watches a pair of black boots come out of the bag, a black tunic, a hairbrush. She opens her mouth, shakes her head. She closes it again. “Read me.” Ivako turns, levels her gaze. “Do it now.” “But…” Rey takes a step back. “But I…I-I don’t…I’m not sure how to do that, really.” Ivako snorts. “Now isn’t the time to be coy.” Her mouth twists. “I think Lord Ren would beg to differ.” “I don’t know…I-I have no idea what you’re talking about.” “I know exactly what happened in that interrogation room.” Rey blushes. “How do you know that?” “How do you think?” Ivako gathers up the clothes. “Because he told me.” Rey moves inside the cell, keeps her eyes on Ivako’s face. “But why would he tell you that?” “That’s a story for when we’ve got more time.” Ivako dumps the pants, the tunic, and the boots at Rey’s feet. “Now either read me or trust me because time is running out.” Ivako crosses the room; she uses the side of her fist to hit the door’s switch. It closes. Rey jumps at the sound. “What happened to your hair?” “Nothing, it’s…” Tiny patches of pink flare in Ivako’s cheeks. “Been a day.” She reaches up, feels the hair sagging out of her tight twist. She shrugs a shoulder. “I was going to take it out anyway.” Rey squints. “It looks like someone grabbed it.” “No, it doesn’t.” Ivako turns her back and pulls the pins out, works her fingers into the roll of hair. She loosens it up. “You think it looks that way because someone did grab it and you can read it on me.” “What happened?” “It doesn’t matter.” “Yes, it does.” Rey moves closer to her. She puts her hand out and bites her lip, tries to mimic Kylo Ren’s gesture. “It matters a lot, actually.” Her hand shakes. “It matters because…well fuck.” She frowns, shakes her head. “It was there, but now it’s gone.” She lets out a nervous chuckle. “This is a lot harder than it looks.” “It’s hard because you think it should be.” Ivako shakes her hair out. She turns, unravels the braids. “But for you, it’s not. Not really.” She reaches out, covers Rey’s hand with her own. She curls Rey’s fingers into a fist. “You don’t have to do what he does.” Ivako lowers her voice. “It just…helps, for some people, the whole hand thing, but it’s not necessary.” She pushes Rey’s fist down to her side. “You need to take a deep breath and stop trying. It’ll come, I promise.” Rey blinks. She looks into Ivako’s eyes. “Make your mind empty, if you can.” Ivako takes a step back. “Then let it fill back up again.” Rey takes in a sudden breath. She blinks several times. Her mouth opens like a wound. “And there it is.” Ivako clears her throat. “What did you see?” “You don’t really want to leave but you’re too afraid to stay.” Rey takes a step closer. She studies Ivako’s face. “Because…because you’re…pregnant.” Ivako holds her gaze. “What else?” “It’s soon enough, if you leave now, and there’s…something about that, but it’s not clear to me.” Rey shifts her weight from foot to foot, turns in a half-circle. “If you wait too long something will happen that can’t be reversed, and the baby’s father…” She puts her hands on her face. “I can’t see him at all, except that he’s the one who…” Rey sighs. She gestures at Ivako’s hair. “You want to leave because you think he’ll be angry that you didn’t…that you…” Her mouth trembles into a slight frown. “That you couldn’t…” “Terminate the pregnancy?” Ivako half-whispers. “Yes,” whispers Rey. “Yeah.” Ivako nods. “That’s exactly right.” Her eyebrows go up. “Now do you trust me?” Rey holds her hand out. “May I…feel?” Her eyes are shy. “Is it all right if I touch you?” “Yes.” Ivako unzips her pants, unbuttons the tunic just enough to pull it up. She nods. “Go ahead. Skin to skin is better.” “All right.” Rey tightens her mouth. “I’m sorry, I just…” She spreads her grimy fingers on the small hard curve of Ivako’s abdomen. A smile flickers in her mouth. “It’s so hard!” The smile climbs across her face and she looks up. “I had no idea a pregnant belly felt this hard!” “Yeah.” Ivako looks down at Rey’s hand. “I’m into the second trimester, but barely.” “She’s so little in there!” Rey drops onto one knee, turns her head. She puts her ear against the back of her hand. “I can’t feel her moving around with my hand but I can see it, like it’s inside my head.” Gently, Ivako takes Rey’s hand off her skin. “That’s usually how Force-sensitives experience it. There are other ways, but that one’s the most common.” She zips up her pants. “Around twenty-eight-ish weeks, most Force-sensitive beings are able to feel the baby’s thoughts and dreams.” She pulls down the tunic, buttons it up. “Fetal brain development has to cross a certain threshold. Sometimes it happens a little bit sooner than that, or a little bit later, but unless there’s something developmentally wrong it always happens.” “What do babies dream about while they’re inside the womb?” “The sounds of their mother’s body, mostly. Her heartbeat, her breathing, her stomach digesting a meal.” Ivako pauses. “Her voice.” Rey grins. “That’s amazing!” Ivako nods, looks down at her belly. She pats it. Her smile is tight. “It is.” “How many weeks are you?” “Eighteen.” Rey stands. “How many weeks are there?” “Forty.” Rey goes to the pile of clothes, gathers them up. “You’re halfway there, then.” She dumps them on a bench, unbuckles her belt. “Almost.” “Yeah.” Ivako hugs herself. “Almost.” Rey strips off her belt, her tabard, her arm coverings. She tosses them onto the floor. She picks up the black tunic, looks at it. “This is a little big.” “It’s going to be, because you’re underweight, and this is the smallest size I could find.” Ivako picks up Rey’s dirty clothes, stuffs them into the duffel. “Hurry.” “I am, I am!” Rey takes off her shirt and wriggles into the tunic. “Do I look right?” “It’s going to have to do.” Ivako sighs through her nose. “We’re going to have to do something with your hair, too, that style is too…distinctive.” Ivako digs a handful of wet wipes out of her pocket. “Your face and hands are dirty, too.” She tosses them onto the bench. “Try to clean up as much as you can.” “I will.” Rey nods, unfastens her hair. “How are we getting out of here, anyway?” “There’s a shuttle leaving in thirty for Nambi Outpost. Nambi’s…colonized, by the Order, and the native population isn’t particularly happy about it so there are pockets of Resistance sympathizers all over the place. The outpost is on the coastline, in the northern hemisphere. There’s some kind of mineral dissolved in the water and there are processing plants built there to…you know. Harvest it. I don’t know.” Rey nods, picks up the hairbrush. “I was stationed there for two years, so I know my way around. If you can get feet on the ground it’s easy to disappear.” Rey gathers her hair, wraps it into a low bun. She studies Ivako’s face. “You were stationed at the outpost, then?” “No, no, I was on the other side of the planet. The GHO maintains a clinic there, a thousand kilometers outside of Neva Cathari. It serves mostly overland trade routes between the city and the Blue Mountains.” “Where you used to feed the sand-cats.” “Yes.” Ivako’s smile flashes, there and gone. “It is.” “What’s the plan?” “You’re going to be my intern.” Ivako affixes a badge to Rey’s tunic. “I do have one, her name is Ineris Tash and she’s originally from Coruscant. Lucky for you, not only is Dr. Tash somewhat short and exceptionally slim, but she is a light-skinned, dark-haired humanoid female, subclass homo sapiens, like you.” “Where is Dr. Tash?” Rey tears into a wet wipe packet with her teeth. “The real one, I mean?” Ivako shrugs. “I don’t know. Sleeping, probably. She’s been doing overnights.” “Do you think this will work?” Rey scrubs the grit off her hairline. “I mean…do I look much like her?” “I logged into the ID system and swapped out her biometrics for yours. We can all thank Hux for my medical security clearance.” Rey folds up the dirty wipe. She watches Ivako’s face. “I see.” “You do look like her, a bit.” Ivako paces back and forth, her arms folded. She looks at the floor. “It’s there, in the smile. But it doesn’t matter, because in their attempts to be all cutting-edge, the Order has stripped face recognition out of their biometric profiles. There’s descriptive text, height weight eye color hair color, things like that, but by text description alone…” “I look just like her.” “Yeah.” Ivako snatches the platter, turns. She shoves it at Rey. “Her eyes are darker, she’s a bit taller and a bit heavier, but that’s the only real difference. Eat.” “Do I have time for this?” “You do if you eat it fast.” Notes: I know the write-up says 7/7 chapters published, but don't panic! I'm not really ending this story here. Instead, Palimpsest is going to be a series . A huge part of this story giving me the finger and doing its own thing involves both adding some new perspective at this point and changing the story format. Forcing myself to adhere to the whole nonlinear thing (and writing all these super dialogue-heavy chapters) was really getting me down, yo. It's not my native state. The next part in the series, which I am in the preliminary stages of writing, will involve poor abandoned Kylo (who---spoiler alert---is NOT taking this well AT ALL, ahem), the not-so-clueless intern Ivako so hastily threw under the bus (which---another spoiler alert---she's not taking it especially well, either), extensive worldbuilding porn in the form of Nambi Outpost (so far it's like Tangiers and the antebellum American South had a baby), and everyone's favorite Ginger Space Nazi (who is having a terrible, no good, very bad day and is NOT HERE for Kylo Ren's bullshit, thank you very much, ahem). ....and the next part is now posted! Everything above and more starts here: Wash Him Deep/Where the Tides Are Turning . (you can find me on tumblr as pink-siamese should you be so inclined) Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Palimpsest series Next Work →