In Which We Introduce a Small Fish In a Big Pond General Hux didn’t want to be here. His jaw tightened just so and his shoulders were just a bit too straight, barely noticeable features to people who even know when and where to look for them, and impossible to see for most. Tris Berkata’Tunai allowed herself a small smile at this as she stepped off her ship, a small batch of storm troopers who had been previously talking to her snapping to attention and proceeding to move the cargo out of it and into the hanger. She strode over to Hux with an easy gait, smile wide and toothy. He narrowed his eyes a fraction and she smiled a bit wider, the troopers unpacking the crates gave them wide berth as they continued with their work, used to the standoff between the two. They stood silently for a moment, waiting for the other to make the first move before Hux let of a slow breath and addressed her. More than willing to give her this in order to conclude their business faster. “I assume you bought everything Tris?” He asked in a clipped tone Tris’ smile fell into a small smirk and nodded at the cargo, “Of course. All the leftover pieces that were supposed to go to Starkiller and- oh, yes- this.” She moved and reached into the pack strapped around her waist and pulled out a small chip, only about the size of a nail, and handed it over to him. “Reports from some of your outposts, they’re mildly concerned about their security after the past couple of weeks events.” Hux bristled and took the chip and began to head to his office, Tris falling into step beside him. He looked ahead while addressing her shortly, “There are first times for everything” Tris’ smirk grew slightly, “This certainly does seem to be the time for firsts doesn’t it General?” Hux’s index finger twitched at the barb but her didn’t give her the satisfaction of vocalizing his annoyance. Usually Kylo Ren would be the one who had to deal with Tris with him only looking at the paperwork once it's been signed through, but that was currently an impossibility considering that Kylo Ren was currently locked up in the medbay on a mild sedative after yesterdays incident. The memory only put him in a worse mood as he realized he still needed to assign someone to bring on another doctor. After a few moment of only their shoes softly clicking down the hall did they reach General Hux’s office and step inside. Tris casually sat in the chair across from Hux’s and leaned back as he moved to the file cabinet in the corner and pulled out a small stack of documents and moved them over to her, handing her a pen. She snorted softly as she took it and carefully read over each document, taking her time before signing each one. Hux wasn’t sure if she was looking for loopholes or changes in the forms, after all they were the same ones as always, or if she just had a hard time reading them and couldn’t find exactly where to sign each time. Either way, he didn’t bother to help her as he moved to grab out the small stack of credits that’d be her payment. He handed the money to her as she pushed the papers towards him and he filed them away, only looking back at her when she heard a disapproving noise. “Hey- last time I acquired about the same amount of scrap-crap for you bunch there was at least a hundred more here.” She said, looking up at him with a small glare. Hux found it to be his turn to keep his voice light, “Since Starkiller is no longer operational, the First Order designated that the resources originally going to that project would now be worth less than before.” Tris opened her mouth to retaliate but Hux continued over her, gaining a small smirk, “ With your continued loyalty to us and our cause we are sure you understand that in current times we must cut down on non-essentials. The fact that we are even buying this off of you is a gift.” Tris snapped her mouth shut and her glare darkened considerably. Hux smirked back and watched the anger roll through her crack in her composure. It only lasted a second however as she soon was able to school her expression back into a lazy half smile and she managed to relax herself. The sharp glare was still there though, and Hux found he liked it when he knew he played this game better then some outer-rim riff raff. Tris moved and pocket the money, only letting out a short, “It's unfortunate that loyalty doesn’t seem to pay enough to keep up a single person's lifestyle.” Hux managed to bite back a laugh at the empty threat and instead just moved in for the kill. “ Perhaps so, but it is fortunate that loyalty keeps slavers and bounty hunters off the backs of people in our employment.” For a fraction of a second Tris’ eyes widened before the glare came back, positively murderous. He just gave her a small smirk as he watched her hands clench and unclench, backed into a corner. He’d give credit where it was due, she was better at this than most, almost enough control to pass as someone who had been trained for this. But at the end of the day she was just a little fish in a big pond, and they both knew it. Tris forced herself to relax as she stood, keeping her head high and not breaking eye contact with this complete asshole of a man. She knew the smile she got onto her face was tighter than it should be, but it didn’t matter. She’d let him have this one. “ I plan on staying here for the night and leaving in the morn. If there is anything else that you or the First Order needs inform me before my departure.” The words feel sour and clipped on her tongue as they come. Hux nodded as they exited the office together, “Of course. Your room has been vacant for your arrival.” Tris scoffs lightly and manages a more light tone as some troopers walk by, feigning politeness as she said, “ I'm glad that loyalty accounts for a free room on my arrival at least.” Hux smirked slightly, “Refueling your ship is not included however.” “Of course not.” She snips and moved to part ways from him, only pausing after a few steps to turn back to him and ask, “ Oh and General, might I inquire where Kylo Ren is?” Hux looked back at her “Medical bay.” She nodded in response and gained an unreadable expression before heading off in that direction with a polite wave. General Hux sighed and moved to go back to his post, rubbing the bridge of his nose as her walked and contemplated how many Storm Troopers would have to be checked over for information leaks between now and when Tris left the next day. Too many. It was always too many.