… When he’s young – or young according to those numbers in his holofile, anyway, alongside his height and weight and vital signs at 90% capacity – he decides not to think of it as a name so much as a code he can crack. Cryptanalysis isn’t a huge part of their training, exactly. Any locked door is to be immediately and uncritically blown off its hinges: place muzzle in direct contact with barricade, angle downward at 45 degrees, pull trigger, repeat if necessary. But it’s not a name, and it won’t ever be a name, because you can’t really love or hate or miss a person called FN-2187. So here’s what FN-2187 comes up with instead: Two is generous, a number of compromising division which leaves nothing left out or left over. O ne stands itself up straight, tall and unbent, despite the immensity of statistical odds it must contain. Eight has no beginning or end, its parts joined in the middle like two crossing orbits. Seven is the side to a triangle, because triangles are the strongest shape, designed to redistribute forces evenly so that no side has to bear any more weight than its companions. And that’s how FN-2187 knows, without a single drill or order or protocolary dictation, that he could never let anything happen to the men of his squad. He just doesn’t have it in him. … (“Hey, wait, are you actually – Medic? Medic, have somebody come over here and give my friend a nice ‘welcome back,’ would you? Oh, and can I – thanks.” The anesthesia in his blood makes everything sound as though it’s being spoken underwater, or drawn up from the bottom of a well, but he still knows that voice in an instant. Poe Dameron scrapes his chair closer and waves a blithe, greeting hand. “All right. I’ll, ah, I’ll just start by asking the usual ice-breaker questions now, and we’ll save any important ones for the experts. Can you tell me your name?” Without effort or hesitation – why should there be? – FN-2187 offers his answer. “My name is Finn.” “Ah-ha!” Poe claps that hand down onto Finn’s uninjured shoulder and keeps it there. “ You’re damn right it is.” ) …