Chapter 1 Since the hot headed Kylo Ren had been brought onto the Starkiller Base, General Hux had noticed that their repair bills had significantly gone up. Whenever the young man got angry he would launch into a terrifying rage, destroying any piece of equipment he could reach with the crudely made light saber. Hux had gotten tired of the stress of the money managing aspect of his job and decided to take it into his own hands to find ways to calm the other. Jelling had proven to only agitate the other further. Physical violence was out of the question after a Stormtrooper had tried to hold him back from destroying a new computer. The Stormtrooper had lasted only a few minutes before Kylo had sliced him in half. General Hux went so far as to create a bulletin board specifically for calming the knight. After a few months Hux finally came to a conclusion as to what he should do with the other. Armed with a plan the red head laid in wait, until the night would lose his temper once more. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Walking down the curved, dark hallways, General Hux was going over a few newer planning sheets, trying to make sure he could keep as little casualties as possible. A groan came out of his mouth as he heard the telltale sounds of a saber being swing around. His pace quickened trying to find the room that was taking the newest case of abuse. As he walked into the room he saw a sight that was not new, nor surprising to him. There was a group of Stormtroopers cowering in the corner of the room as Ren hacked into one of the motherboards, destroying everything that the red light touched. Hux rolled up the papers in his hand and held the roll in both hands behind his back, and stood up as straight as he could as to not raise any suspicions to the other of his thoughts. “Kylo Ren you will stop this instant.” Hux said in a strong voice making sure to show no weakness in his voice. He was tired of the others constant tantrums and decided to finally try his new plan today. The Sith in training stopped his attack on the computer turning to face the other man. “What did you say to me?” The masked man asked harshly. While the mask hid the man’s face, giving him a horrifying look to him, Hux suspected that Ren ay have been either crying or cursing profusely underneath it. Without flinching at the other slowly approaching him Hux took in a deep breath so he wouldn't yell at the other. “I told you to stop. We do not have the funds to keep up with your outburst and I will not allow you to continue throwing a tantrum every time someone does something that you find unpleasing.” He looked at the mask where he knew the eyes would be. “Turn off your saber.” The masked man did not move for a bit until the sound of the lightsaber being shut off sent a slight calm in the General’s mind. “Good.” He watched the other closely noting that he was still hunched over with his shoulders shaking in anger. Without knowing why he did it Hux took the rolled up paper and smacked the other on the head with it. There was no reason behind the, what could have been considered, playful hit, seeing as how the helmet kept the paper from doing anything to him. He nodded his head and turned around motioning for the other to follow him. “Come on. I have an idea for what you can do to relieve some of that anger of yours.” Hux could hear the other grumbling underneath the heavy helmet. A smile tugged at his lips at the knowledge of what would be to come, and the others immaturity. Making their way down to the lower deck of the base Hux put his hand on a control panel allowing it to open. Taking a step to the side to allow the other access first the hooded man crossed his arms. Hux could tell that the younger was a little uneasy in going into the others private quarters. “Get in.” The red head said motioning at the door. Ren walked into the room giving the red head the opportunity to close the door behind the two and lock it with his own genetic code. The Sith in training turned around quickly as the code beeped. “What is this about?” Came the mechanical voice. Hux didn't want to see the others mask on him any longer. He walked around the other and threw the wad of papers into the small desk that sat in the corner of the room across from his bed. The entirety of the room was in colours of grey, which gave it a very stark and clean feeling. There was nothing in the room that was out of place, or even out for that matter, other than the new stack of paper and the two men. The General unbuttoned the belt that lay around his waist and removed his jacket and folded it neatly, and placing it on the desk, leaving him in nothing but a black sleeveless shirt. “Would you remove your helmet?” There was a pause from the younger before a very stern, and very angry, voice said, “No.” Ren’s stance was strong, leaving no sign of weakness. This made Hux happy, as he didn't want the others anger to qualm any time soon. The walk down to his private quarters had made the ginger excited for the foreseeable outcome of the night. Hux sighed and looked at the ground. “For once will you follow an order and remove your helmet?” Looking up only showed him that the other had not moved from his original position. He frowned at the other and walked closer to him. “Stop acting like a child and do it. I have seen your face already, there is nothing to hide but your own sniveling-“ The air left him as the other had pushed him back. At once the heavy helmet hit the ground showing a very angry, and very handsome, face. His cheeks and eyes were red from, what Hux assumed was, crying in rage, again. A smirk stretched over the General’s face. “That wasn’t so hard, was it? A forced cough escaped Hux’s lips, for fear of him laughing at the others pouting expression. He could tell that the other was curious as to why the, generally, secretive man had brought him down to his room. At seeing the hints of red and yellow anger still in the eyes of the night, Hux stepped forward until he was a mere few inches away from the raven haired man. He took a deep breath, hoping that his idea would work instead of killing him. “You will never be your grandfather Benjamin Solo.” Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 “You will never be your grandfather Benjamin Solo.” The words hit Ren like a brick. He had no idea why the other brought him down to the, overly clean room. The first thought was that the other wanted to yell at him in private, and maybe try to hit the taller again. The knight never expected those words to leave the gingers mouth. It was a double hit of both his birth name and his role model. For a brief second Kylo Ren was completely still, mouth slack in surprise and eyes wide in shock. It appeared to the other that he was shut down instead of getting angrier, as was his intent. Right as the general was about to reach forward a gloved hand snapped out grabbing him around his neck. Ren didn't like to use physical attacks with his own body, preferring to use the Force or his Saber, though in his anger he found that the contact was more satisfying than anything else at that moment in time. The noise that left the ginger’s mouth showed how powerful the grip was. Both hands reached up and grabbed the sleeved arm tightly as he felt his weight being lifted. It was hard to breath. Hux felt every short breathe burn as he tried to stay calm. A grin slowly spread over his face as he knew he hit the correct button. The ginger was impressed by the others strength truly seeing Darth Vader within him. The storied he had heard were much more believable. At seeing the smile Ren’s lips pulled back as his teeth grit together. He felt mocked by the shorter and seeing the smile was driving him insane. The General did not know what he had done to get to where he was, and yet he felt like child again under his stare, useless and a failure. “What did you say?” Came the forced voice of the knight. Trying to move his neck to get a good burst of air proved a lot harder than he would have thought. His own weight was working against him, causing him to see small black splotches in the corner of his eyes. Against his will the ginger’s heartbeat had elevated in both excitement and slight fear. The smile faded into a pained grimace as the hand tightened a bit more. “Y-You h-h-hear-d me B-en.” Hux choked out. He didn't want to black out before his plan had even truly started. Luckily for him, as the other heard his name he threw the ginger down onto the ground. While lying in a heap Hux looked up at the menacing black figure and truly taking in how terrifying the man could be. A fuzz rounded his brain as the air rushed back in his lungs causing him to go into a heavy couching fit. His hand went up to feel where the others rough, gloved hands had been not a few seconds prior. The taller walked over to him, practically seething in anger and resentment. The first time he had heard his name he was taken aback, hearing it a second time only made his anger flair up. As the ginger tried to prop himself up on his elbows to look at the other he found the bottom of the knight’s boot slamming him back down. “You will not call me that name anymore. My name is Kylo Ren.” Each word was punctuated with the taller leaning more and more weight into the others chest until Hux felt his ribs would break in his chest. “You are a pathetic child who is merely throwing a temper tantrum because you weren’t as good as you believed you were.” Both of the General’s hands went up to the others ankles, trying to relieve some of the pressure on his sternum. “Is that the true reason you hide your face? Because you are so ashamed of who you truly are you can’t bear to show your pitiful face to any-“ A gasp escaped the other as the foot was pulled away and placed menacingly over the gingers groin. The pressure wasn’t at its full point, but mainly there to assure the other that Ren would hurt him if he spoke anymore. “Shut up!” The knight screamed down at the other, tears piercing his eyes. “You don’t know what I’ve gone through to get to here. What I have to do.” Despite the uncomfort of the others foot resting on the general’s cock, Hux found himself getting turned on. The pressure felt nice on his member and the slight fear added to the feeling. “Go on and cry Ben. I’m sure your father would be very proud of you.” A moan escaped the others lips as the boot ground down on the hardening member. Without stopping Kylo kept on stepping down. “Is this making you hard?” He asked curiously not really ever thinking that the hard man was capable of such feelings. The General grunted at an especially rough grind before looking up at the other smirking. “Even if it was I don’t suspect you would be able to do anything to help. You can’t even take care of yourself let alone another person’s needs.” Hux propped himself up on his elbows finally and pushed the foot away from him, causing the taller to stumble a bit with the force of it. The taller’s face blotched a bright red. Extending one hand straight out to the General’s directing, the knight reached out his mind. Hux sat on the floor expecting another choke, but found himself rising into the air. His entire body felt off, as if he were wearing a suit made of several bugs crawling over him. “I’ll show you what good I can do to you.” Both the arm of the knight and the body of the General moved quickly over to the bed. As Ren released the hold on the ginger Hux fell hard to onto the bed. His body was aching with both past abuse from the other, and a desire to do more. Kylo walked over to the bed and started to remove his clothing, dropping each piece on the floor other than the nice folding of the others coat. Having already removed his shirt and gloves Hux laid on the bed in black pants and boots laughing at the other in a mixture of excitement and fear. “Prove it Ben.