The Lowdown If you want to send prompts then feel free. You can find me on tumblr at haloshornswrites and haloshornsglitter if you prefer to send them there. Chapter 2 : Slow (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: Title: Slow Prompt: “Imagine Deadpool teleporting to your room because he was bored, not expecting you to be in the middle of changing. “Could you slow down a bit?” He asks cheekily, eyeing you up and down.” Fandom: Deadpool Characters/Pairing: Deadpool x Reader Word Count: 963 You pushed through your front door, throwing your bag across the room onto the sofa. It had been a long day. Scrap that, it had been a really long day. And not the fun kind. Somehow between leaving work yesterday and turning up this morning you had magically become the designated solver of all problems and general knowledge base. It wasn’t that you minded solving problems, just not everybody’s. And not all at once. It was just overwhelming and you were exhausted. All you wanted right now was to get out of your clothes and settle on the sofa in your comfy pants with a beer and some food. At least one bonus of your small apartment was not having to go to the effort of climbing stairs to get to your room you thought to yourself as you pushed the door open. “Could you slow down a bit? I was enjoying the show.” You pulled your top back down over your head to see Wade sat on your bed, eyeing you up and down, a cheeky grin on his face. Or rather, you knew full well he was grinning cheekily behind that mask. “What in all hell are you doing here?” “I was bored!” Of course he was bored. He was always bored. You rolled your eyes at him and folded your arms across your chest, which only earned you a pout. “What?” You sighed. “It’s been a long day, I don’t feel like being mocked.” There was no wait for an answer as you turned and continued pulling your top over your head. Somewhere along the way your glasses got caught and you felt them pull away and tumble to the floor. Well crap, there went your sight. “Not mocking.” “Oh fuck me.” Your elbow jerked back into something solid behind you as you jumped at the sound of his voice in your ear. A small, vindictive, part of you really hoped that you’d hit something painful. Punishment for scaring you. “Don’t mind if I do.” One hand traced across your bare stomach, fingers just brushing the top elastic of your underwear. You bit back a moan, body involuntarily arching into his touch. Wade could be many things, most of them annoying, but damn he did know how to set every single one of your senses alight. “You’re an asshole.” “And you are incredibly, incredibly hot.” He turned you, pushing you back towards a wall. “You should be a centrefold. You could pose with tacos - that would be double hot. Boobies and Mexican food.” “Wade. Shut. Up.” He pressed you hard into the cool of the wall, his body fitting so neatly against yours that you could feel the throb of his erection against the thin fabric of your underwear where your skirt had hiked up. Well, if you can’t beat them might as well join them, apparently Wade was really good at this and really was turned on by you. And it had been so long since you were last touched like that. Smirking you rested your arms against his shoulders, tugging on the back of his mask so it slipped up his face. He stopped you before it had gone much past his mouth, silencing your protest with a press of his lips against yours as he hoisted you up to wrap your legs around his waist. Your nails dug into his shoulders as his hips ground into yours, eliciting a moan from him and an answering buck of your hips. His lips trailed down from your mouth to your neck and you whimpered, the combination of his lips and teeth and the roughness of his scars on the sensitive skin of your neck was just so good, and while you were distracted his other hand had slid up your body unhooking your bra and allowing him access to your breasts. His fingers traced lightly across them before pinching at your nipple. “Stop teasing and fuck me already.” You felt him smile against your neck and heard the movement of fabric, but no matter how ready you were you still gasped as he slid into you, digging your nails in hard while you adjusted to the feeling of him inside you. It was a stretch and ache but it felt so damn good. To his credit he stayed still, waiting for you to move first, though you could almost feel the effort radiating off him. At least he was quiet. Tightening your legs around him you started to move, using your arms as added leverage. He soon took over and you were almost sure you were going to leave a dent in the wall between the two of you. Somewhere along the way he had carried you to the bed. The bed which now sported some very torn sheets and a wet patch you were trying to avoid. Your glasses were now broken on the floor, you had heard the crunch as Wade backed away from the wall carrying you. You were sure you’d be mad about it later, but right now you were too exhausted and content to care. Even rolling onto your side to look at him seemed like too much effort, the movement reigniting the wonderful stretched ache between your legs. “You owe me a new pair of glasses. I can hardly see without them.” “You’re missing out on the face that inspired Freddy Kreuger.” You sighed, pressing your lips to his before he could complain. “Shut up.” “You tell me that a lot.” “You talk a lot.” You smiled softly, gently running a hand down his face. “And I like your face, scars and all. So shut up and just work on the whole post-coital cuddling thing, mkay?” And, for once, Wade was quiet. Chapter 3 : Little Victories (Reader x Deadpool) Summary: Title: Little Victories Prompt: “If you keep looking at me like that we won’t make it to a bed.” Fandom: Deadpool Characters/Pairing: Deadpool x Reader Word Count: 418 Warnings for: badly written not entirely finished smut, language because it’s f’ckin Deadpool. You leaned on the bar, playing with your straw between your lips as you drank. Across from you your date was fidgeting in his seat, folding and unfolding one of the cheap bar mats as he did so. You said nothing, just smirked and watched him. When you were dating an incredibly highly skilled mercenary with a super enhanced healing factor and several teleportation devices you took what small victories you could, and making Wade squirm in his seat was one of the few things you did really well. You didn’t even have to say anything, you could just sit there sipping your drink and watching him over the rim of your glass and he’d be fidgeting in his seat. You paused and let the straw drop from between your lips, running your tongue over the few droplets that clung to them. “If you keep looking at me like that we won’t make it to a bed.” He growled. You just smiled innocently, leaning towards him and answering in a voice barely louder than a whisper. “Who said I wanted a bed?” You were outside before you even knew it, face pressed against the cool brick of the building as he pressed his body against you. His hand was already fumbling with the front of your jeans, almost tearing the zipper off in his haste to get them open and down. “You’re a fucking tease, you know that?” He growled in your ear as a hand slid expertly past your underwear, fingers sliding into you. “I… oh fuck … I take my wins when I can get them.” You gasped out as his thumb grazed your clit. “ fuck, Wade… ” He paused and you let out a pained moan. “Are you going to fuck me before I change my mind.” Behind you Wade chuckled and for a second you were afraid he’d changed his mind as the warmth of the body pressed against you vanished. You were just about to step back and turn around when he grabbed your wrists, slamming them into the wall and pinning them there with one hand as his cock slid into you from behind. His free hand returned to its earlier ministrations against your clit as he fucked into you hard and fast, all the pent up sexual frustration coming out at once. Afterwards you walked back to your place arm in arm, sore but happy. Even if you were going to have to find some way of explaining that graze on your cheek. Chapter 4 : Sometimes my Life is Weird (Peter Parker x Reader) Summary: Title: Sometimes My Life is Weird Prompt: “It’s not what it looks like…” Fandom: Spiderman Characters/Pairing: Peter Parker x Reader Word Count: 281 Warnings/Notes: First person perspective. This is really drabble length, I’m sorry. I can rewrite this if you’d like, it might take a while – my brain is really not wanting to work for Peter right now. So sorry! Ever had one of those days where you’re not sure whether your life is actually reality because it makes no sense? That is today for me. Sometimes I wonder how the hell I land myself in these kinds of situations, mostly I blame Peter. It is his fault most of the time. Well, Peter and this city. I mean, I always knew New York was one of the weirder cities in the US, but I never expected anything on the level of this. Just last week there was a giant sand monster destroying half the city. It’s just… not normal. And on top of that I have college to deal with, though at least being friends with Peter helps with that. Usually. He’s pretty bright and he helps me out with maths and physics when he’s free. Plus he’s a pretty good looking guy, which helps. “Hey Peter, the door was open so I let myself in.” I called through the house, heading up towards his room. It was kind of weird not to see him downstairs, especially when I knew he was expecting me, but I shrugged it off as him getting distracted with some project or other. “Peter you… what the hell?!” “Y/N! It’s not what it looks like…” “Really? ‘Cause it looks like you tied yourself up.” “I… Well no, I didn’t.” He floundered a little. “Look, it’s hard to explain.” “Yahuh.” I shook my head. “I am so very tempted to just leave you like that, maybe take pictures for blackmail opportunities later…” “Hah hah.” He wriggled slightly. “Just get me out Y/N, please?” “You are so very lucky that you’re cute. I hope you appreciate that.” Chapter 5 : Distraction Techniques (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: Title: Distraction Techniques Prompt: “You heard me. Take. It. Off.” Fandom: Deadpool Characters/Pairing: Deadpool x Reader Word Count: 783 Warnings: the plot ran away with the spoon. Shameless porn. The movie was only twenty minutes in and you were already bored, and, judging from the way Wade was shifting restlessly in his seat next you, your date was too. It had been a terrible choice of film, but there hadn’t really been anything else on when you were both free, except a kids movie and you didn’t really want to take Wade into one of those. He was great with kids sure, but he had one hell of a filthy mouth on him and you were not in the mood to spend hours apologising to angry parents. Plus, kids movies didn’t allow for great… distraction techniques. “This is boring huh?” You murmured in his ear. “Yeah, want to leave?” You grinned, teeth flashing white in the dark. “I have a much better idea…” Wade turned in his seat then, and you could just picture the quizzical look on his face. Holding a finger up to your lips you slowly slid off the chair and onto the sticky floor. It was gross, sure, but it would be totally worth it. And you could easily change your jeans as soon as you got home, small sacrifices. Above you there was a murmur of surprise. “You sure?” [shut up Wade of course she’s sure, why else would she be down there?] You held a finger to your lips. “Shhh. C’mon, the place is deserted.” You started running your hands slowly up the insides of his thighs, fingers scratching against the rough denim of his jeans. It wasn’t often you saw Wade in casual clothes, and it was pretty nice. It wasn’t something you asked for often though, he didn’t like all the makeup he had to wear to go out in public, and you did want to make it worth his while – even if the movie had been shitty. Resting your head against the inside of his thigh you dug your nails in and looked up at him from behind thick lashes. “Pants off.” “Y/N?” His hands moved to the buckle of his belt but they stopped there. “You heard me. Take. It. Off.” You hissed, voice barely a whisper but still with all the power and command you could possibly muster. [Oh shit that’s hot] “I love it when you take control.” He groaned, hands fumbling with his belt and hurriedly pushing the jeans down his thighs. He was already hard in his jeans, you knew he secretly loved it when you took control. Purring in your throat you started to trail your lips along the bare skin of his thighs, kissing and biting as you went and relishing the sharp inhale of breath as you moved closer to the hem of his boxers. One hand slid up, brushing over the tent in his underwear and coming away already slightly damp and sticky from precum. You shifted slightly, kissing your way up along the fabric of his boxers and onto the taught skin of his belly where you stopped and looked up at him. “Do you want it?” “Yes, Y/N, yes…” It came out as a breathy gasp, barely decipherable but it was enough. You knew he wouldn’t last long, he’d been away a long time and you’d hardly been in touch with each other, but considering the circumstances that was probably a good thing. Slowly you peeled down his underwear, relishing the gasp as the cool air hit his skin, followed by the barely supressed moan as you bent your head over him. “You have to keep quiet.” You ordered as you took him into your mouth, almost moaning yourself at the warmth and the salty taste. It didn’t take long to fall into the familiar easy rhythm, head bobbing up and down between his legs, the familiar feel of the head of his cock hitting the back of your throat and the salty bitter tang. You kept one hand on his thigh to brace yourself, the other moving down to cup his balls, rolling them gently between your fingers. You heard him stifle a moan above you, felt his body start to tense beneath your steady ministrations. Humming gently against him you focused all your efforts on every move, every little thing you knew would drive him right over the edge. There was a startled, stifled noise and he tensed one last time, his hands clenching hard into the arms of the seat as he came. The thick, salty liquid filled your throat and you purred contentedly to yourself as you swallowed. “Good boy.” “You’re fucking hot, do you know that?” He whispered, pulling you up onto your seat before bothering to pull his pants up. “I’m repaying you for this later.” Chapter 6 : De-stressing Techniques (Deadpool x Reader x Peter Parker) Summary: Title: De-stressing Techniques Prompt: Can I request a reader insert that's a threeway between the reader, spiderman, and deadpool? ;D Fandom: Marvel Characters/Pairing: Deadpool x Reader x Spiderman Word Count: 937 Warnings: I think the plot went on holiday. Also, I’m sorry this is not the best – threesomes are really hard to write. “Listen, I’m going to send Y/N across town in ten minutes, it’s going to take her a while… yes it will, this is New York… shut up you… look, just, can you make it over then?.... Hey, you signed up for this, no time for stage fright now… yep. Good? Good. Riight, see you in twenty.” You paused by the doorway took a deep breath, this was way harder than you thought. Not that you’d thought it was going to be super easy, but damn you didn’t realise it would be this hard. Wade had been acting funny for weeks, and you’d finally caught him on the phone to someone else. Planning to send you out the house so he could… what? Cheat on you? You never thought he’d be the type, but it looked like you were wrong. Again. Why did you always fall for utter bastards? “Who was that?” Wade let out a (very manly) yelp of surprise and damn near jumped across the room at that, which did go some way towards making you feel a bit better. It was petty, yes, but it wasn’t often you got a chance to sneak up on him and make him jump like that. Especially not without having to dodge something thrown or shot your way out of reflex. He’d never try to hurt you on purpose, but sneaking up on a highly trained assassin was rarely a good idea. “No one important. “ He shrugged, rubbing the back of his head with a free hand. “Hey, Y/N, do you mind heading across town to that Mexican place that does the best tacos?” “Can you not do it?” You sighed. “You’re way faster than me.” “I have some shit to do babe… I’ll totally make it up to you.” “Yeah, yeah.” You chuckled, holding out a hand. “You’re paying for them for starters. Cash please.” For once Wade didn’t grumble as he placed the money in your hand, confirming the idea he was up to something. Sighing you took it and headed out to the Mexican restaurant, only just catching the cry of “get nachos too!” that followed you out of the door. When you came back the place was dark. It was never dark when Wade was around, even if it was just the glow of the tv screen that lit the room. Slightly afraid now you edged slowly into the room, fumbling for the light switch. As the room was flooded with light you blinked, almost jumping out of your skin as you spotted the two dark shapes across from you. “Babe, you’re early!” “… the fuck is going on?” “It’s all his fault!” You turned to peer more closely at the figure stood next to your boyfriend. It was goddamn Spiderman… your life was completely insane. “You’ve been stressed and I thought…” Wade glanced at the man stood beside him. “I figured we could help destress you… and by destress I mean-” “I know what you meant.” You cut him off. “Of course you thought of that.” Spiderman shifted awkwardly while Wade just stared at you, waiting for a ‘proper’ response. You could practically see the conversation going on in his head. “So what are we waiting for?” You grinned. Well, it was worth a try and Spiderman had looked so very athletic and flexible on the news footage… this could be fun. “Did you bring your web?” “Kinky.” It was awkward at first, trying to work out where you all fit and you insisting that only Wade was allowed to kiss you (which he had called ‘hooker rules’ and nearly got kicked out of the bed for), but once you were all into it things had become really good, really quickly. Wade had kissed you deeply while Spidey behind you had slowly unbuttoned your shirt, his hands ghosting over the sensitive skin of your breasts before slowly trailing down to fumble at your jeans and slip inside your underwear. “Oh.” You gasped against Wade’s mouth, fingers digging hard into his shoulders. The hard length of his erection pressed into your thigh as he kissed you more fervently. Behind you you could feel another erection pressing into your ass. “Bed. Now.” The three of you tumbled onto the bed, clothes ending up in a heap on the floor tangled together. Wade was still in front of you kissing you, while Spiderman’s hands moved up to play with your breasts, fingers tracing lightly over your nipples and making you gasp. Your hips bucked up against Wade as the sensations sent bolts of electricity running through your body. He smiled against your mouth, one hand leaving your hips where it had been resting to signal something to Spiderman behind you. The body pressed against your back moved away and then Wade was lifting you onto him, savouring the gasp and moan that escaped your throat as he slid into you. As he started to move you felt the hands return to your breasts and your trailed one hand down to wrap around Spiderman’s cock, smirking at the little gasps and moans you were pulling from him. Afterwards you all lay tangled together in a sweaty, sticky heap, still breathless from the effort. You turned to Spiderman, who somehow was still wearing his mask, and stared at him thoughtfully. “Do I get to learn your name after all that?” “Pet….” A scarred hand shot out from the other side of you and clamped itself firmly over the other man’s mouth. “Super bros don’t ask super bros for their secret identity.” He reminded you firmly and you sighed. Chapter 7 : Undercover (Logan x Reader) Summary: Title: Undercover Prompt: “Hold my hand dammit, we gotta make this look convincing!” with Wolverine Fandom: Marvel – X-Men Characters/Pairing: Reader x Logan Word Count: 290 Warnings: Drabble? I’m not as familiar with X-Men as I should be. You stood next to your companion, looking around the room with one eyebrow arched. This was so not your scene, or his for that matter. So many fancy dresses and posh accents. You were way out of your comfort zone. “Remind me to murder Scott when we get back?” You murmured under your breath. “Not if I get there first.” You chuckled sand shook your head, should have known Logan would be all for kicking the ass of your glorious leader. The two had never seen eye to eye, it was one of the first things you’d bonded over and why you’d always been thrown together on team missions. It worked out in your favour in the end, and now you and Logan were one of the most effective partnerships on the team and firm friends to boot. Maybe something more… you knew how you felt but he was so hard to read you weren’t sure you’d ever get a straight answer. You spotted one of the event organisers approaching and you reached for the hand next to yours, only to find it pulled sharply away. You grit your teeth irritated, somewhere across the room a lightbulb exploded. “Hold my hand damnit, we gotta make this look convincing!” You hissed. “I’m not into PDA bub.” “Learn to be.” You growled, grabbing his hand and gripping it tightly as the man you were here to see approached. “Ah, Mr Sharp I assume? And this must be your lovely fiancé, you’re a very lucky man.” Your mark smiled politely, oozing slimy fake charm. “You must let me show you our star attraction, I think you’ll find it very interesting.” Well, at least some parts of this mission were going to be easy… Chapter 8 : Our Place (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: Title: Our Place Prompt: “This is… this is somewhere I never imagined I’d be.” & “Please don’t leave me.” Fandom: Marvel - Deadpool Characters/Pairing: Deadpool x Reader Word Count: 280 (very much a drabble. Sorry) You set the paintbrush down, looking at the space around you. The walls were newly painted, in the next room was a pile of furniture ready to be moved in as soon as everything was dry, it looked so different to the way it had when you'd first moved in. The place was clean for one, and now things were painted and you had furniture it actually looked like a home. It looked like a place someone could live. Somewhere you both could live. The emotions hit you all at once, this was your place. Yours and his. You had a home together. You hadn't even realised you'd started crying until the tears began to drip off your face. "Baaabe! This looks great... Babe? Y/N, what's wrong?" You shook your head, blinking through your tears up at your boyfriend. "Why're you crying? Is it the paint? We can repaint. Would a taco help?" You couldn't help but chuckle at that. "I'm not sad Wade. I'm happy." He wrapped his arms around you, and you snuggled into his chest, wiping away your tears. "It's just... this is our home. We have a home. Together." You sniffled. "After everything that's happened... This is... this is somewhere I never imagined I'd be." You looked up at Wade, leaning up to kiss him softly. This was perfect. As far as living with a demented mercenary could be perfect anyway. After a few moments he pulled back and peered at your closely, studying your face. "You know you have paint on your nose right?" You laughed and kissed him again. "Wade Wilson, I love you. Please don't leave me. Ever." "Wasn't part of the plan." Chapter 9 : Untitled Deadpool x Reader Summary: Could you write a fic where wade and reader wake up together to it's like the fluffy morning after and include the sentence "I love you so much, please don't ever leave me"? Thank you so much!! Light spilled through the holes in the curtain, forcing you out of the comfortable sleep you had been enjoying. You groaned, trying to bury your head further into the chest you were curled up against away from the brilliance of the daylight. It didn’t work, much to your dismay. “Y/N?” “You need better curtains.” You mumbled, voice muffled against his skin. “I need a better background artist.” He grumbled in reply, gently running his fingers through your hair. You cracked open one eye to peer up at him. “Too early.” “I’ve been up for hours! Have I ever told you how adorable you are when you’re asleep?” He paused. “Did you know you were talking in your sleep?” You groaned, burying your head back in his chest and trying to pull the covers over your head to no avail. “It was cute!” He protested, prodding you gently in the arm. “I don’t know what Harry Potter and a talking banana had to do with saving Manhattan, but it sounds fun.” “You’re not helping.” “You didn’t drool?” This made you pull your head off his chest to look at him. Wade was many things, a lunatic who had killed people in cold blood among them, but he could be incredibly sweet in his own way. And you knew he cared about you. Smiling fondly at him you leaned up and went to kiss him, but he stopped you just before your lips met, gently running a thumb over your cheek. “You’re really beautiful Y/N.” You felt your cheeks flush and you leant forwards slightly to actually press your lips against his this time. “You’re not so bad looking yourself Mr Wilson, you flatterer.” You squinted across at the clock on the bedside table, groaning. “What day is it?” Wade shrugged. “Saturday? Sunday? I don’t know.” “Feel like pancakes?” “Really?!” You nodded. “Yesyesyes! I love you so much, please don’t ever leave me? You are my perfect woman.” Wade practically bounced off the bed in excitement, only stopping to watch as you sat up and stretched. “Are you sure you’re not a hallucination?” “C’mon, pancakes.” Chapter 10 : Did You Know You're Not Wearing Pants? (Sam Winchester x Reader) Summary: Could you maybe write one where the Reader never sleeps in pants (underwear of course) and one night wakes up and goes to the kitchen in the bunker only wearing Dean's OR Sam's big t-shirt. Then maybe he walks in on her reaching to go get something showing a little booootaayyyy! Then like they go on a date, start a relationship, smut or something fluffy? For randomvlogstuff on Tumblr You tip-toed down the stairs as silently as possible, trying not to alert either of the boys to the fact you were awake. They’d had a long day hunting and the last thing they needed was to be woken by you on a midnight munchies run, besides you felt a little ashamed that you were running about in the middle of the night to quiet a rumbling stomach. You managed to slip into the kitchen without either of them waking up. Or at least you thought you had. Just as you were reaching to pull some crackers from the top cupboard you heard a sharp inhalation behind you and nearly felt flat on your ass in shock. Spinning around you saw Sam stood in the entranceway to the kitchen, looking flustered and attempting to stammer something out. “Shit, did I wake you up?” He shook his head. “No, I didn’t know you were up. Um, Y/N… is that my shirt?” You looked down. “Oh yeah, sorry?” “No it’s fine. Did you know you’re not wearing pants?” Your face flushed, not wearing underwear to sleep in was so much of a habit now that you hardly even noticed any more and you’d forgotten how odd it was to other people. Especially at first. “Um, yeah… it’s just so much more comfortable y’know?” You shifted a little awkwardly, tugging the bottom hem of the shirt down a little. Sam mumbled something that sounded a lot like “it’s hot” and tried to look anywhere that wasn’t you. It was getting a little awkward and you grabbed a random packet off the more reachable shelf. “Anyway, I just came down for a snack… I’m going to head up to my room now.” You mumbled, waving the packet in the air and starting to head towards the door, squeezing past Sam on your way out. As you reached the corridor you heard him call out to you. “Y/N?” You stopped a turned. “Would you like to go out some time? For a meal or something…” “Like a date?” “Yeah, like a date.” You smiled, blushing again. “Sure, that sounds great.” Naturally the date didn’t exactly turn out as planned. As far as Winchester dates go it was actually one of the better ones, especially given Sam’s track record with the ladies, you were still alive at least. And not even injured. Actually you’d never really got to the restaurant. Both of you had managed to get into the car, even got to the street… but then Dean had called with an emergency and you had to postpone. On the plus side the emergency had been a really badass mission to get an artefact from the center of a vampire den, of course saving Dean in the process because naturally the fool hadn’t called for backup until ten minutes after he needed it because he “didn’t want to interrupt the date”. It was pretty fun actually, and probably the most Winchestery non-date anyone could ever imagine. Back at the bunker, after Dean had been patched up and sent for food with Cas Sam turned to you. “That didn’t exactly go as planned.” He sighed, shifting awkwardly and scratching the back of his neck. “Really? I thought we pulled off the whole rescue and retrieval thing pretty well. The artefact might have turned out useless, but Dean is out of there and none of us are badly hurt. Nothing worse than usual anyway.” You paused, quickly running over everything in your head. “And we got rid of a whole nest of vamps. I’d call that a roaring success.” Sam shook his head. “I meant the date. I mean, we never even got to eat.” “Nah, we kicked vampire ass instead and saved your brother.” You grinned and took a step towards him, reaching up to push some of his hair out of his face and behind his ear. “That seems like a far more appropriate date when it comes to Winchesters. And look on the bright side, I’m not dead, cursed or grievously wounded. It was fine.” Smiling Sam cupped your face in one of his hands, leant down and kissed you. Chapter 11 : Onion Rings and Theater Tickets (Death x Reader) Summary: Can i ask a one-shot with Death? Somethink like reader bonding him, just to ask him to go to theater or opera with her? You can end with whatever you like. Thank you :) For moderndeathsblog on tumblr You curled up in the corner of the coffee shop, propping your book up against your knee. You liked this place, it was peaceful and the owners knew you well and never seemed to mind that some days you spent hours there reading your book or writing even if you only bought a couple cups of coffee or a single pastry. Really it was more like a home that a shop. But as comfortable and homely as it was here, sometimes it could get lonely just sat here reading especially as the cooler weather started to bring more groups inside. Couples cuddling up over coffee and cake, or gaggles of laughing girls with their lattes and mobile phones. You sighed, pausing in your reading to check the time. It was then that something, or rather someone, across the road caught your attention. A tall thin man was sliding out of his car. The plates made you chuckle quietly to yourself, BUH BYE, he probably paid a pretty penny for that but it was amusing... to you anyway. There was just something about him, something that drew you towards him but around the edges seemed darker. Like maybe this smartly dressed man slipping into a diner was dangerous. Maybe I could do with a little bit of danger. You thought. I have the same routine pretty much every day, and my mum did say she thought I should stop living in my books and get out and do some real living. Maybe this is my chance. Besides, I'm sure I could take on someone that thin. He looks pretty frail. Slowly you slid off the comfortable chair, gathering your things and heading for the door. In the diner across the road the man was pretty easy to pick out. For starters he was the only one wearing a suit. He was also picking at a bowl of onion rings. For such a skinny dude he really seemed to be putting them away. Almost without thinking you headed straight for his booth and sat down opposite him, smiling nervously. Your nerves started to escalate as he fixed you with the best thousand yard stare you had ever seen, if it hadn’t been focused on you you probably would have applauded him. As it was this was getting a little unnerving. “Why are you here?” His voice was surprisingly gentle for someone with such an intimidating stare, but it suited him, and his English accent just added to the whole air of class he gave off. At least he didn’t sound angry, which was what you had expected. Just… you weren’t sure, curious maybe? “Mostly the chicken wings.” You smiled nervously. “I thought you might like some company, you’re… interesting.” He nodded, chewing thoughtfully on an onion ring. “Very well.” As it turned out he was not the most forthcoming of conversation partners, and you were mostly the one starting topics and steering the conversation. But he knew so much about so many things, and he was so wise. The few things he did talk about were fascinating and you enjoyed every moment of it. Finally, long after the onion rings were finished, he made to leave and you held up a hand to stay his leave just a moment. “You’re a fascinating person to talk to, and I was just… I was wondering if maybe you’d like to meet some time, go see a theatre production or to the opera or something?” You cursed yourself internally for stumbling over your words but he seemed not to mind so much. “I am afraid Y/N, that the next time we meet you will more than likely be dead.” You blanched. “It’s not a threat, merely a statement of fact.” He made a vague gesture with his hand. “I do not often spend time with the living.” Several weeks later and you were stood in abandoned room in front of some very strangely shaped rock, stumbling over some latin (who speaks latin these days anyway? Well, priests do, but that’s something else altogether). You were barely half way through when there was a weird feeling in the air around you, like electricity dissipating into the environment. “What, precisely, do you think you’re doing?” You whirled, the man from the diner was stood behind you, looking mildly irritated. “This was easier than dying.” You were impressed that all the rehearsing of that line had paid off, you’re voice only shook slightly as you spoke. “Would you like to join me for a production of the Tempest tonight? I have two tickets.” Death sighed, but the corners of his lips twitched up in a slight smile. “Since you went to this effort…” Chapter 12 : Cows, They're Evil (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: Wade Wilson & Phobias "No Wade, I can't. I really, really can't." Your eyes darted between the tiny dark crawl space and the thing on the other side of the door. You were shaking with fear, could feel the bile rising up in your throat as you spoke. In all your worst nightmares you had never pictured this. “C’mon Y/N, it’s the only way out.” He was pulling your arm now, trying to drag you towards the crawl space. You pulled back against him, shaking your head violently. His pull softened but he didn’t let go, you knew there was no fighting him if he really decided he had to drag you out of there through that cold, enclosed darkness, but you hoped it wouldn’t come to that. You couldn’t face it if it did. “No, it’s not. Please Wade. Please, I can’t…” You felt your voice starting to choke up and you took a deep breath. “I can’t go into there. It’s so dark and the walls are so close and choking. There’s no space. Everything is so close together. And we could get trapped in there. And the walls will close in on us and we’ll suffocate and I’ll die and the walls are so close together. I can’t.” You were panicking now, breaths coming short and sharp. You weren’t getting enough oxygen. You couldn’t breathe. Gently Wade pulled you into him, holding you close. “Breathe babe.” He murmured. “We’ll go out the front door. Besides, killing monsters is way cooler than running away from them.” You pulled back at smiled weakly at him. “Hey Y/N, we could have a monster head trophy. That’s way cooler than those stuffed deer right?” He grinned, honestly you weren’t sure he was joking. He headed for the door, going for his gun but then changing his mind and pulling out both swords instead. He stopped just short of the door itself, turning to you and grinning. “Let’s go kill a monster!” Afterwards you sat patching up your wounds. Wade had taken most of the damage, though that had been expected given the whole inability to die thing. Unlike you, he really could take all the damage the monster could deal and come out okay on the other side. Not that you didn’t feel bad, your phobia had resulted in the man you loved getting hurt "What are you scared of anyway?" [Quick think of something. Don’t let her know the truth] "Cows." {That wasn't even a lie, you really don't like cows. You suck at this.} [At least you didn't tell her the other one.] "Cows?!" "Yep, cows." You stared at him sceptically. “What? They’re terrifying. It’s that stare, they just stare at you… they’re waiting for something I’m sure of it. I mean. Who knows what kinds of things they’re plotting in those big heads, with that glassy stare. Proabbly evil things. Like world domination. That’s probably it, crazy cows plotting to take over the world. You still weren’t quite sure you believed him, but you let it drop. There were weirder things to be scared of. "Fair enough." [She believed us! Way to go.] {She believed us because it’s true you idiot.} ~two weeks later~ “Nope. Nuh uh. No way. Not a chance.” You glanced up from your work and looked over at Wade, who was gesticulating rather animatedly at a video screen. You couldn’t quite hear what the person on the other end was saying but judging by the way Wade was waving his arms around, it wasn’t going down well. “Nope, don’t care. I’m not going to a dairy farm… it’s full of cows that’s why…. Whaddya mean don’t be stupid? Have you seen cows? They’re evil, pure evil. It’s their eyes. They’re all plotting something, I told you… I’m not crazy. Well, I am, but not about this…. No. Cows are evil. No way.” He flipped the screen down and turned to you, ignoring the muffled shouting that seemed to be coming from the videophone. “You really weren’t kidding about the cows were you?” “I told you, they’re evil.” Chapter 13 : Happy New Year (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: Super short piece I wrote for a New Years. No prompt. Can you tell I like to write readers/OCs that aren't quite human? You were curled up on the sofa vigilantly watching the news when there was a sound behind you. Narrowing your eyes you whirled, leasing a fireball from your hand at the same time. In the doorway stood your boyfriend, watching the now smouldering doorframe with growing alarm. “Happy New Year?” You sighed and shook your head. “You’re late.” “Awwwh, did I miss the fireworks?” “By about a week.” You patted the space on the sofa next to you, but he was too busy in his own head with god knows what. ‘Late? How are we a week late, we were only there six hours’ [Space time isn’t earth time] ‘but the green dude SAID it was six hours’ [yeah, six hours space time. Apparently their hour is like 24 on earth]. “Wade! You just got back here, can you stay here a minute?” He blinked a couple times behind the mask before coming fully to his senses and coming to sit next to you. “Space time is weird.” “I’ll take your word for it.” You smiled and curled up against him. “Happy New Year Wade.” “Happy New Year Y/N.” Chapter 14 : In Too Deep (General Hux x Reader) Summary: Could you do a Hux x reader where the reader is part of the resistance and is captured by the first order and is terrified of Hux at first? Please. You shivered, no longer sure whether it was the cold or fear that was causing the shudders to run through your body. The room you were in was cold sure, but it was far more unsettling than just the chill in the air. Everything was dark, it felt hostile, and the restraints and unfamiliar looking metal things around you really didn’t help that. The last thing you remembered was hearing someone shouting about Stormtroopers, and then the screams, after that… nothing. You didn’t think you were dead, and this wasn’t the Resistance base which meant... shit. You’d been captured. They hadn’t killed you, but from what you’d heard about the First Order and thier interrogation techniques that might not be as great as it first appeared. Especially if Kylo Ren was here, everything you’d ever heard about him filled you with dread. There was a noise behind you, the door opening by the sound of it. You flinched, trying desperately to turn your head enough to see who it was but you couldn’t quite get far enough. The trooper guarding you saluted to whoever it was. That did nothing to settle your nerves. Finally the figure came into your range of vision, they were wearing all black, light glinting on the red of their hair. You suddenly realised just how much you were shaking, you weren’t ready for this, not at all. You knew Kylo Ren wore a mask, but maybe he’d taken it off. What if this was him? This man seemed too handsome to be the monster everyone described, but really he could have been anything under the mask. You were only a cook, you couldn’t do this. A tear rolled down your cheek. “Please… please don’t kill me.” You whimpered. He looked startled. He’d expected you to be tougher than this. “Leave us.” The trooper turned his head. “Sir?” The man turned, eyes narrowing. “Leave us FN-8765.” “Yes General Hux.” He saluted, marching towards the door and out of it. You blinked at the man, Hux, you didn’t think you knew that name. But he was clearly in charge here. Praise the stars this wasn’t the Knight though, the General at least wasn’t shouting or threatening. “Please don’t kill me.” “Tell me what you know.” His voice was softer than before, his face softening along with it. “Tell me what you know and no harm will come to you.” “I… I’m just a cook, I don’t know anything.” You sniffled, trying to keep the rest of the tears back. “They must talk.” He stepped closer and you flinched, but he didn’t hurt or threaten you as you’d expected, instead laying a gentle hand on your cheek. “I’d rather that I didn’t need to bring Kylo Ren in here to retrieve information from you.” You stared at him, eyes wide with fear. “I don’t know! They don’t talk about work much.” Hux started to turn, to head towards the door. “A shame, you’re pretty for Rebellion scum. Perhaps Ren will have more luck.” The fear took over. “Please! I… I’ll tell you.” The footsteps stopped for a moment, before returning to you. You couldn’t look at him, you knew you could never go back after this. But you were scared, of Ren more than Hux. Hux seemed kind, and you couldn’t deny his good looks. “They really don’t talk much about their missions, but” you took a deep breath, steadying yourself “somewhere hot, they were talking about needing to prepare for heat.” You could feel his eyes boring into you. “Good.” Hux thought for a moment, before gently placing a hand on your shoulder. “We could do with another cook on the base.” Chapter 15 : Cravings (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: Prompt: Can you please do a Deadpool x Reader oneshot where it's like 2 in the morning and Deadpool is craving cake so they end up baking together and doing other stupid & fluffy stuff? Thanks! You awoke to the sound of crashing and cupboards being opened, snapping out of the haze of sleep with a jolt. Someone was in the kitchen. There hadn't been anyone in your kitchen when you fell asleep. That meant someone had got in. Heart thundering in your chest you slipped out from under the covers, grabbing the bat you kept under the bed just in case. As silently as possible you slipped out of your bedroom, padding across the floor towards the bright beacon of light that was your kitchen. Getting towards the door you lifted the bat, ready to swing, only to be greeted by the figure of Wade Wilson, waving a spatula. “Wade! What in holy hell are you doing?!” He turned and grinned. “I had cake cravings.” You rubbed your face. “I didn’t even know you were back.” It came as a groan from behind your hand. “I just got back. Now” he turned back to the counter “how exactly do you make a cake?” “Let me help, I don’t want my kitchen demolished.” The kitchen soon dissappeared under piles of bowls and a flurry of flour. Despite his excitability Wade was pretty good in the kitchen, more precise than most people would have given him credit for. Though you did have to stop him a few times from redecorating the walls with overzealous mixing, or throwing a little extra something into the batter because he thought it would be exciting. You had just finished weighing out the chocolate he had insisted needed to be a part of the cake (because then it could be a "giant cookie cake and who doesn't want one of those?") when you turned and burst into a fit of giggles. "What?" "Wade, were you trying to luck the whisk clean?" You grinned. "Nooo." He drew it out, trying to look as innocent as possible. "Oh really?" You set the bowl down on the side and stepped towards him. "Because you have a little something..." You lifted your hand and wiped some batter off his nose, cleaning your finger with your tongue. "Least the batter tastes good." You kissed him gently, turning back to pick up the bowl from the side and handing it to him. "Try not to eat them before they go in the cake." Wade laughed and, leaving him with clear instructions on oven temperature and cooking time, you headed into the front room to find something to watch knowing full well that you wouldn’t be getting any sleep until the cake was finished baking. Not long after you’d flicked on the TV Wade joined you on the couch, pulling you into his arms so your back rested up against his chest. “How’d it go?” You asked through a yawn, fingers trailing over the arms wrapped around you. “Alright. Met this insane dude in Mexico though, looked like a frankentein or something. He helped me out though, so we’re cool. AND I only lost four fingers!” You glanced down at his hand as if expecting the fingers to still be missing but, of course, they had grown back before he even reached your place. After the first time he’d turned up missing a hand and joking about being Luke Skywalker he never came in with missing parts any more. Not that he let you see anyway “I worry about you when you’re away.” You murmured. “I wish you’d try to be safer.” “Why? I’m not going to die, not permanently anyway.” “Because I love you doofus.” You tipped your head back, pulling his down for a kiss. “I worry because I love you.” He smiled, a full genuine smile. That was your favourite thing, that you could make him smile, because for so long he hadn’t. Not genuinely. There had been something inside him that told him to hate himself, but slowly, surely, it was fading away into the background. At least most of the time. You rested your head back on him, dozing as the movie droned on in the background You woke up again to the smell of burning. “Wade… what smells like burning?” “Um…” You turned your head towards the kitchen where a smouldering lump of charcoal sat on the counter. “Is that the cake? How long was I asleep?! Did you forget to set the timer?” Wade smiled sheepishly. “I set the timer, I forgot to account for the oven temperature being higher…” “Why was the oven temperature higher?” “Well, you were tired, and I figured making it hotter would make it faster.” You sighed. “Let’s just buy a cake in the morning.” He looked dejected and you frowned. “Will waffles do until then?” “Waffles!” Chapter 16 : Empire Day (Hux x Reader) Summary: Prompt: “I can’t watch you with someone else. It’s tearing me apart.” hux x reader “Care for a dance?” You looked up into the green eyes of one of Starkiller Base’s weapons specialists, Ousan was his name if you remembered right, and he was handsome. The two of you had been getting closer and closer in the past few weeks of working together, seemed like he finally had the courage to make his move. You smiled, taking his offered hand and slowly rising to your feet. So far you had spent the Empire Day party sat on the sidelines, sipping at slowly increasing numbers of glasses of punch which at the start had tasted suspiciously of Corellian brandy. You couldn’t taste it so strongly any more, but somehow you doubted that it was because there was less alcohol in the punch now. You followed him to the dancefloor slowly, easing into the slow rhythm of the music. It had been so long since you danced. Across the hall General Hux watched, scowl on his face deepening with every passing moment. “You seem troubled General.” He turned his head, for a moment completely unable to connect the attractive blonde stood beside him with the imposing silver-clad Captain Phasma. He’d forgotten there was a woman somewhere under all that armour it was so rare to see her out of it. “It’s nothing Captain.” He sniffed, trying to brush her off. “Did you not have other things to be doing?” She hummed, following Hux’s line of sight to where you were dancing, the weapons specialist’s hands now resting low on your waist. “Perhaps, Hux, you should tell her how you feel instead of standing on the sidelines.” Phasma murmured. “Before someone else gets there.” He turned to reprimand her, but almost as swiftly as she had arrived the Captain was gone. He continued to stand there for a few minutes, glaring, until finally he could take it no more. That man’s hands were far too low on your waist and you looked almost like you were about to kiss him. This just couldn’t continue. You were caught up in the moment, Ousan’s hands on your waist, the tune playing through the air. It was almost like you weren’t part of a Starship caught up in the middle of a hundred tiny battles, like there wasn’t a Resistance out there always trying to make another strike on the First Order. This was almost perfect. Almost. “Y/N, a word please.” You stopped dancing, though your stomach started up a rhythm of its own. That voice, you didn’t have to turn to picture the handsome General stood behind you. “We’re busy.” You looked up at the weapons specialist and shook your head, pressing a hand flat against his chest. “Hux? What is it?” You turned slowly to smile at the General, trying not to blush as you met his gaze. “I’d like a word. Please?” The man behind you started to step forward but you held out an arm to stop him, turning back with a frown. “It won’t take long, will it Sir?” Hux shook his head slightly and you smiled, starting to follow him away when a hand grabbed you and you found yourself being tugged back and crashing into someone’s lips. Ousan let go and smiled. “Hurry back.” Outside of the party Hux pulled you into a quiet corner, eyes buring with a combination of anger and hurt. You didn’t understand, you hadn’t done anything, why did he seem so angry with you? “General? What… have I done something?” Hux shook his head. “It isn’t you Y/N.” He seemed unsure of himself, not something you ever expected from the usually self-assured man. You had seen him face down an angry Kylo Ren, yet he looked nervous here speaking with you. “Then what is it?” You voice came out softer than you had thought, and you stepped closer to him, looking up into his face. “Y/N… I can’t watch you with someone else. It’s tearing me apart.” He scowled, looking away. “With him, his hands all over you. I can’t.” You froze. All this time you had harboured feelings for him and General Hux had seemed so distant, so untouchable. Now, when you finally decided to give up and move on, now what when he decided to speak up. You didn’t know whether you wanted to kiss him or hit him. Thankfully for your continued employment on the base Hux made the first move, lowering his head towards yours. You saw your chance and you took it, pulling him all the way down into a sweet yet passionate kiss. As you pulled apart, your stomach still in knots, you smiled up at him. “I thought you didn’t like me.” “You were wrong.” Chapter 17 : Stop Running (Hux x Reader) Summary: Prompt: “Stop running from this. I know I’m not the only one who feels it.” Hux x reader It had been a long day, too long. A troop had been lost to Resistance pilots in what had previously been First Order occupied territory and your brand new computer array had been on the recieving end of one of Kylo Ren’s tantrums. The technology you had so been looking forwards to using was now little more than a smouldering lump of molten parts. It had been a very long day. “Y/N, walk with me?” You paused in your journey down the walkway, turning to see General Hux stood behind you. You had no idea what he might want you for, but it didn’t sound bad so you smiled and nodded. “Of course Sir.” He said nothing, but inclined his head towards one of the walkways leading up towards the outside. Curious you followed, it was unlike him to have nothing to say, but perhaps he was trying to show you something. “Sir?” He opened the door to the outside, gesturing for you to go through. It was getting weird now. He was never this quiet. Never. Stepping outside into the cold evening air you allowed the breeze to blow over your face, the first fresh air you’d felt all week. You felt him behind you and you turned, ready to ask him something only to find his face barely centimetres from yours. Oh god, he was trying to kiss you, you were not ready for this. It wasn’t that you disliked him, totally the opposite, but you were so bad with guys and it was so very against the rules. You couldn’t. “Sorry, I just realised I have to be somewhere.” You blurted, ducking away and rushing for the door. “Y/N! Stop running from this. I know I’m not the only one who feels it.” You stopped dead. “I… it’s against regulations.” You felt a hand on your shoulder. “No one cares about the regulations.” “What about Captain Phasma? Kylo Ren?” Your voice sounded small, even to your own ears and part of you was surprised he even heard. “Captain Phasma has very little interest in anything that doesn’t affect the running of her troops and I don’t see how my love life would do that. And Kylo Ren wouldn’t know romance if it came up and hit him in the face with his own lightsaber.” He paused, hand falling from your shoulder. “Do you still want to leave?” You turned, wide eyed, words failing you as you grabbed Hux and kissed him in answer. Chapter 18 : Moonlight Swim (Black Hat x Reader) Summary: Prompt: Vikingsfloki on tumblr: “I’m going for a swim. Do you wanna join me?” Black Hat The moonlight sparkled off the pool of water your journey had brought you to. Out here in the desert wastelands such places were truly a rare and spectacular sight. It was breath taking. But you had little time to admire it, darkness had fallen and you needed to find shelter, as much as the Priests liked to say otherwise you knew that the vampires had returned. You’d seen them. Felt their presence. Still, the pool looked so inviting and cool and more importantly clean . You wanted to feel clean again so badly. There was no one out here surely, and there was a small building on the other side of the lake, you could probably swim to if you heard something. Maybe they couldn’t get in the water… It would be worth it. You decided. Even if you were to die now, it would be worth it to feel cool clean water on your skin again. Slowly you peeled off your clothes, carefully folding them and laying them on the ground beside the water, far enough away that they’d stay dry. You could feel your cheeks flushing as you stripped, modesty rising to the surface even when there was no one else there to see you. Still, you felt like you were being watched somehow. As you stepped towards the water you heard a rustle behind you, before you could even turn to look someone spoke. “Now what’s a pretty girl like you doing out here alone at night?” You squeaked in surprise, spinning around. Not ten yards from you stood a man, a cowboy hat shielding most of his features from you. But he was smiling, and that you couldn't miss. The teeth. Oh lord, you were doomed. He tilted his head up, eyes glinting amber in the light. Lord he was handsome though, maybe not a vampire then, they always looked so feral. Against your better preservation instincts you smiled coyly at him. "I'm going for a swim." You took a few steps backwards until the water lapped at your calves. "Want to join me?" The smile turned into a full on grin then, sending a shock of fear and something else running through you. Saying a swift mental prayer you turned, taking a few more steps before diving into the still water of the lake. When you resurfaced he was gone. You should have been happy, if he was gone you were safe, but a pang of disappointment and longing stabbed at your insides. The water rippled to your left and you turned your head. There, surfacing from the water not far from you was the man… or vampire. You inhaled in a sharp rush of breath. With the moonlight lighting his skin and the water droplets that glistened there he looked… breath-taking. You felt a stirring in your stomach and tried to duck your blushing face from view. “Now now beautiful, don’t go hidin’ that pretty face from me.” He practically purred, swimming closer. “Moonlight looks good on you.” You looked back up, trying to avert your eyes from his face only to find them lingering on the clear outline of his body under the water. Those lean limbs that seemed deceptively powerful, the contours of his chest… the squirming heat in your stomach only got stronger and you bit your lip, almost forgetting to swim you were so caught up in him. “Who are you?” He smiled, flashing those deadly sharp teeth again. You swallowed nervously, swimming backwards a little away from him. Quicker than you could even see he reached out and grabbed you, pulling you close to him so that your body was flush against his. Your heart was in your throat and you knew he could feel your pulse hammering against your skin. “Shoulda asked that earlier, don’t you think?” He grinned. “I could be anyone, and I could do anythin’ t’a pretty girl like you.” Under the water his hand slid down your back to rest at your waist making a small whimper escape your lips, your body involuntarily pressing up harder against his. He chuckled, a throaty rumble of a sound. “You can call me Black Hat. And you are very lucky that I’ve already eaten.” He leaned closer, lips almost touching yours. “I have other things in mind for you.” You didn’t even have time to think before his lips touched yours. Chapter 19 : Last Night I Saw My World Explode (Hux x Reader) Summary: reader x hux “I can’t stand the thought of losing you.” You started from your sleep in a panic, alarms blaring all around you. Blearily you glanced over at the chrono, sure that you hadn't slept that long, but the time was still too early. It was the middle of the day and your shift didn't start until well after the sun had set. Something was very, very wrong. Heart leaping to your throat you practically threw yourself out of the bed, grabbing the nearest pile of clothes you could. The alarms were too loud and frequent to be anything but an attack warning. You were under attack, and from the feet thundering up and down the corridor outside your room it was not going well for the base. It had to be the Resistance, no one else was foolish enough to even attempt an attack on Starkiller Base, not after the power of the weapon had been demonstrated. But why was everyone so worried? This thing took out planets, surely you had nothing to worry from a rag-tag band of freedom fighters, even if they'd brought X-Wings. The TIE Fighter pilots should have been able to take them out. Should have. Worried now you pulled on your clothes and headed out the door, grabbing the first stormtrooper you could find. "FN-6754 what's going on?" Even wearing the helmet the man looked stressed and panicked, his whole body humming with tension and ready to run off after the rest of his troop. "The base is under attack. The resistance. They're bombing the thermal oscillator. I need to go ma'am." You nodded and released him, the panic rising in your chest. If they destroyed the thermal oscillator the whole planet would become unstable. You had to get out of here, you couldn't fight, could help until it was over, and if they did manage to destroy the oscillator, well there was nothing anyone would be able to do. This was bad. Turning on your heel you raced towards the main flight deck, praying that someone had the sense to begin evacuating personnel that didn't need to be here. If the troops were so worried the Resistance must have been doing some serious damage. At the flight deck people were rushing about, TIE Fighters zipping away from their stations at an almost alarming rate, it was chaos. You looked around, scouring every corner for evacuees, transport, anything. There was nothing. Everyone was too focused on destroying the Resistance, too indoctrinated into the idea that the First Order was the greatest power in the galaxy, to think about saving their own skins. It was insane. A booming explosion rang out in the distance and everyone froze, a deadly hush falling over the base broken only by the sound of engines and ships zipping overhead. Then a second, louder, explosion rocked the ground beneath your feet. Taking a few steps you peered out over the planets surface, watching the plume of smoke and heat rising in the distance. They'd done it. They destroyed the oscillator. The ground was starting to quake, the planet already becoming unstable. Everyone had to get out of here and NOW. You had to find Hux, had to make sure he was safe, that he would get out of here. You practically ran down the corridors to the main command center, but when you burst through the door it was abandoned. Everyone had fled when the oscillator went down, even Hux. Head pounding you raced back to the flight deck, somehow you'd missed him but he had to be here. He had to be. He wouldn't leave without you, you knew that much. He might have stayed silent about your relationship outside of private quarters, it was against Base policy after all and an infringement of duty for a General to be dating one of his subordinates, but he loved you. He'd told you as much so many times. In the few minutes you'd been gone the flight deck had descended into chaos, normally dignified commanders and obedient troopers were fighting over spaces on ships, pushing each other out of the way for the last available space in a carrier. It was insanity. 'The things people do to survive when it all goes to hell' you thought. Finally you spotted him, looking around with an expression of worry that mirrored yours. Hux saw you at almost the same moment, and you both dashed towards each other, meeting somewhere in the middle at an awkward stop, Hux still unwilling to embrace you as openly as you could tell he wanted to. "We need to go. Come on." You blurted, grabbing for his hand but he pulled it away. "I have orders. I need to find Kylo Ren before I leave. Take him to the Snoke." He murmured. "You need to get on a ship." "No! Leave the petulant fool here, we need to go. You need to get off this planet with me!" Hux shook his head, shoving you towards the command shuttle where Captain Phasma, looking more than a little disheveled and dirty, was already waiting. You grabbed his hand this time, wrapping your fingers around him and tightening your grip before he could pull it away, trying in vain to drag him towards the shuttle. You could feel the tears burning your eyes. The whole planet was disintegrating now the core had been destabilized. "Please" you begged, voice cracking as hot tears rolled down your cheeks "please get on the ship. I can't lose you. I can't. I love you." Slowly he pried your fingers away from him, nodding over your shoulder to Phasma who closed strong hands over your shoulders and pulled you inside, practically pinning you to the seat. Sighing sadly Hux leaned forwards and, for the first time in public, kissed you gently. "You need to leave. I'll follow when I have Ren." His voice was quiet, softer than the tense worry in his face would have suggested. "I'll come back to you." "I can't lose you." It was a whisper this time as you watched him head out across the planet in search of Ren. Phasma rested a suprisingly gentle hand on your shoulder, squeezing as the doors shut and you took off. "He'll be back." She murmured, pulling off her helmet. "He's too stubborn to die." You tried to smile, but it came out in a rush of sobs instead. Phasma remained quiet, her hand still on your shoulder. As the sobs subsided you looked up at her, sniffling slightly. "Why do you smell like waste disposal?" Chapter 20 : It's Always Been You (Hux x Reader) Summary: Prompt: “It’s always been you.” Hux x reader I took some liberties with his name, Brendol is actually his dad’s name but since we don’t have an actual first name for Hux I’m using that. It’s a bit short, and awkward, I’m sorry =/ You sat at the back of the class, only half listening to the teacher droning on and on about the history of the Empire and the various political branches and affiliations throughout history. It bored you almost to tears. There was nothing about the nitty gritty of the political system that held your interest, you were more interested in the mechanics of the ships and the battles than what anyone said to get themselves into power. The lessons on the Death Star had by far been your favourites. But here you were bored, and so your attention was focused closely on the redhead a few rows in front of you, scribbling notes studiously in his book. In your head you could see his face, eyebrows knotted into a frown as he concentrated on every word. Brendol Hux always was the politician of your class, and he was so good at it too, lead the mock senate club and everything. One day he’d be in charge of his own base, maybe even help to rule the next Empire when the First Order finally vanquished the Republic and took their rightful place as rulers of the galaxy. And in your own little dreamscape you would be there by his side, designing ships for him. Subconsciously you’d started to doodle pictures of him in your notebook where you should have been writing notes. Finally the lecture came to an end and you started shoving stuff into your bag, trying to pack as fast as you could to catch Hux before he left. Just as you were about to reach him another body stepped in front of you, blocking you from his sight. You glared, gritting your teeth, ready to push the girl away. But Hux had turned and smiled at her. “Oh, hey Larele.” “So Brendol, there’s something I wanted to ask you.” Her voice sounded so sickly sweet and he was smiling still. It was infuriating. You tried to get closer, but the rest of the class was leaving, other students buffeting you and pushing you out of the way as they hurried to leave. “… and I was wondering if you would?” “That would be great. This evening right?” He hugged her and you felt like you were being punched in the chest. You’d missed the start of the conversation, but you knew what she’d asked him – the former graduate speeches. They were exactly Hux’s kind of thing and one of the speakers this year was a General in the Imperial army and from all accounts a truly spectacular speech-giver. It was exactly what you had been planning to ask him. Defeated you turned away, adding Larele Tyssor to your mental compendium of people you wanted to poison someday. You spent the lunch period alone that day, not wanting to sit and listen to your friends talking about the graduate speeches and how excited they all were to go. You weren’t going to miss it, of course not, one of the speakers was a head engineer on one of the top Imperial starships in the fleet. It was a career you’d had your eyes on for years, you loved starships, you designed them in your free time and excelled in all of the engineering classes. It might not be the command position your family dreamed of, but it was what made you happy. Still, you didn’t want to hear about it right now. “Is this seat taken?” You didn’t look up, waving your hand at the vacant seat beside you. The person sat down, not saying anything for a while though you could feel their eyes on you. You turned slowly, dropping your pen when you realised the stranger was Hux. “I was looking for you.” You raised an eyebrow in disbelief. As far as you were aware Hux had no idea you even existed. He just smiled at you quietly. “I tried to find you after the last class but Larele sidetracked me.” He paused, glancing down at your paper. “What’s that you’re drawing? Oh, did we have an assignment for engineering to hand in?” You looked back at the sketches. “Oh, no, there’s no assignment.” You grinned, the complete panic in his voice throwing off your initial wariness. “I was trying to sketch up plans for an improved version of the Death Star. It… helps me clear my mind.” He stared at you. “Yeah, I know, I’m weird.” You grumbled, trying to hide the sketches, but he pulled them out of your hand. “No, no, it’s not that. I’ve never met anyone else who works to clear their mind.” He was studying your drawing very carefully. “Improved how? “Bigger mostly. But I was trying to work out a way to make it harder to destroy. Exhaust shaft is just such an undignified way to go for such a beautiful ship.” You hummed. “Not quite worked it out yet though.” He poured over it some more. “You’re really very talented. I write speeches when I want to think.” You chuckled, you could picture it too – Brendol Hux writing speeches for the army he would one day command in his free time. But that wasn’t why he was here. “What were you after me for?” “Well. The graduate speeches are tonight…” “Aren’t you going with Larele?” You cut him off, frowning. He looked stunned. “No. Oh! You thought I was going with her? No, it’s always been you I wanted to go with.” You stared open mouthed for a moment. Not believing what you were hearing. “But… you… she…” “No. She was asking me to work on her mock senate speeches with her. Since I’m part of that and I quite like the speeches…” His face flushed and he looked away. Mentally you scratched Larele off the poison list. “I’d love to.” Chapter 21 : Meet the Parents (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: Can you please do a Deadpool x reader oneshot where the readers parents want to meet her boyfriend and are disapproving of wade(but in the end everything is ok) You were bustling about in the kitchen, unpacking the groceries when the doorbell went. Turning you frowned at the door, you weren't expecting anyone and Wade didn't need to ring the doorbell. So who one earth was here on a Saturday? The postman had already been. Warily you walked towards the door, grabbing the heavy bat you kept in the hallway as you went. Maybe it was a little weird to keep a bat in the hallway, but if this was someone coming after Wade or you... well it wouldn't be the first time it had happened. The downsides to dating a superhero, or almost superhero anyway. Wade rarely really referred to himself as a hero, and with some of the things he'd done it probably wasn't the most accurate of descriptions anyway. Gripping the bat tightly in your first you slowly pulled the door open. And then you nearly fell over in shock. "Mum? Dad? What on earth are you doing here?!" You mother tried to smile, it came out as a grimace. "Well, we heard so much about your new boyfriend..." "We wanted to meet him." Your father cut in. "Now, can you let us in sweetheart? This hallway is a little..." You sighed, pulling the door open all the way so they could step inside. The expression on your mothers face told you everything you needed to know about her opinion of the apartment building you were renting in. Your father just looked at the bat still clutched tightly in your fist. "Maybe you should put that down sweetheart." Looking down you almost dropped the weapon in shock, catching yourself at the last moment and resting it against the wall. At least your mother looked a little happier now she was inside, the building wasn't much but you and Wade had done everything you could to make the apartment as beautiful and homey as possible. It was nice in here really. "You know if you need some money..." "I don't need money." You cut your mother off, forcing a smile. "I'm a big girl now mum, I'm making my own way in the world. Besides, this place isn't too bad." As if to ruin your words the sound of several gunshots rang out in the street below, followed by a loud "OW! Fuck that one hurt." in a voice that was unmistakably Wade's. Damn. Your parents just gave you a pointed look. "Do you want a drink? We have tea, coffee, alcohol..." You deflected, ushering them towards the front room where the comfy chairs were. Not long afterwards you heard the door opening again and Wade coming in. "Sorry I'm late babe, had a little trouble on the way back." You jumped from your chair, moving faster than you had in years and almost ran into Wade walking through the front door. "I heard." You hissed. "Holy crap. Is that a bullet hole? Never mind, you need to go change. Now. My parents..." "Is that blood?" "...are here." You turned slowly, looking at the shocked faces of your parents as they stood in the doorway. Your brain completely fizzled out, the words to explain leaving you as you gaped at them. Thankfully Wade was quicker on his feet than you. "Oh this? Just ketchup, I had a... uh... bumped into someone with a hot dog." [Good going!] "Are you wearing a costume?" The note of disapproval in your father's voice was clear. "Oh, this? Just day day job." "He's just going to change, aren't you love?" You smiled, brain finally clicking into gear as you shoved him towards the bedroom. At the door he stopped, turning to grab you for a kiss. "Want to help?" "Wade. Go." You hissed back between gritted teeth, finally shoving him through the doorway. "So, what were you saying before he got home mum? How's Felicia doing?" Finally changed and cleaned up a little Wade joined the three of you in the front room, both you and he trying not to wince at the gasp of surprise and revulsion from your mother at the sight of his skin. He'd done his best to hide as much as possible, the hat and sunglasses probably not the most appropriate clothing for indoors but you knew how much he could hate the way he looked sometimes. Still, some of his scarred skin was visible under it all. You pulled him onto the two seater next to you, wrapping your hand around his and squeezing gently. "My god, what happened to you?" "Mary, that was rude." Wade shook his head and you squeezed his hand a little tighter, leaning to kiss his cheek softly before you spoke. "It was a lab accident mum." Wade cleared his throat and you bumped you knee into his, hissing a 'behave' under your breath. He just smiled. "So, more drinks?" As he headed out towards the kitchen you glared at your mother. "Mum, that was rude!" "Well, I mean... look at him dear. You know Richard back home was asking after you the other day..." "No mother." You cut her off. "Wade is wonderful, I don't care what he looks like, he's sweet and he loves me and I'm not changing him for anyone." There was a clatter from the kitchen. "But dear..." "No. If you can't accept that then it's your problem." You pushed yourself off the seat. "I'm going to go help him carry the drinks in." In the kitchen Wade was leaning against the counter looking defeated. "They hate me." "No, they don't. My parents are just a little..." "Stuck up?" "Yeah." You sighed, stepping towards him and gently pressing your hand to his face. "But I don't care what they think." "Maybe they're right Y/N." He sighed. "You're beautiful, you could..." "Wade Winston Wilson!" You clapped your hand over his mouth, cutting off whatever else he was going to say. "You stop that right now. I love you Wade. I love you and it doesn't matter what anyone else says." You could feel his lips curving into a smile beneath your hand and you pulled it away, leaning forwards to kiss him softly, your arms wrapping around his neck. He kissed you back, gentle and slow, hands resting at your waist. When you finally pulled away you smiled at him. "Now, lets go show them just how wonderful you can be yes?" Apparently your mother and father had been speaking while you were in the kitchen with Wade, because when you both re-entered the room your mother apologized to you both. She was on her best behavior for the rest of the evening, even managing not to say anything when Wade slurped his spaghetti and instead tried to move the direction of conversation to the apartment. At least she agreed that it was beautifully decorated inside, and even smiled at the story of your first holiday together (you made an executive decision never to tell her about your first date, or the part of the holiday where a rogue gang took you hostage and Wade killed them all. There were some things parents never needed to know about, and your boyfriend carrying out a multiple murder was one of them). As the sun started to set you lead them to the doorway to say goodbye, wanting to actually spend some alone time with Wade before he ended up needing to leave again. "We'll stop by again some time." You stared at your dad in shock. "Really? I mean, that would be nice..." "Yes really." He smiled and hugged you. "You've got a very fine man there Y/N, we're proud of you." He turned to Wade, holding out his hand and smiling broadly. "You're a good man Mr Wilson, I'm happy she found you. Now you take good care of our little girl, if you hurt her you'll have me to answer to." You couldn't help the snort of laughter that escaped you at that but Wade was very serious and nodded, shaking your father's hand. "I'll look after her. It was nice meeting you Mr Y/L/N." "Nice to see you again darling." Your mother hugged you and kissed your cheek before turning to Wade, though she didn't try to touch him - some things would never change. "It was very nice to finally meet you Wade. Good luck both of you." As the door closed behind them you heaved a sigh of relief before cracking up into giggles when you head 'Thomas, I hope you plan on washing that had before you come anywhere near me'. 'Of course dear'. Some things really did never change. You grinned up at Wade. "That's the best reaction you could possibly get from them. They loved you." He beamed and you couldn't help but grin right back. "No one can resist my charms." Chapter 22 : Strike (Deadpool x Reader) Summary: dragonchildyuki &jamborri: Jealous wade wilson/reader. Jelous of friend, fluff "STRIKE!" You turned, dancing in place as the satisfying ring and thump of the bowling alley behind you echoed in your ears. Across from you, with their arms folded grumplily across their chest, sat your best friend. "Two strikes in a row, that's a drink you owe me." You teased, dancing over to flop down beside them. "You don't win very gracefully do you Katie?" They grumbled, shaking their head. "I'm sure you're cheating." "You should know me better than that. I never cheat, and I never do anything gracefully." You bumped shoulders with your friend amicably, gesturing for them to go up and bowl. "You still owe me that drink. Unless you want to go double or nothing?" "You're on." Later you stood at the bar, a drink in each hand grinning proudly as your friend handed over the money. "You never learn..." You laughed, sipping at your glass. "I really love this place, bowling and a bar, how much better can it get?" "You could buy me a drink next time?" You grinned in return, shaking your head slowly at your friend. At the edge of your vision something caught your eye and you turned your head to look more closely, your brows pulling together in a frown as you did so. You sensed your friend beside you shift slightly, turning to follow your gaze and tensing up a little, nervous. "What? What are you looking at?" Their voice was low, suspicious as they too stared at the hooded figure sat at a corner booth. "That person. They've been following us half the night, I'm sure of it." You muttered. "Really? I don't think I noticed them before." Your friend touched you arm. "Are you sure you just haven't seen someone in a similar hoodie? I mean, there's loads of plain black hoodies out there in the world, I can count at least five of them from here." You turned slightly, looking away from the person as your friend tried to tug you away. "Come on Katie. Let's just find somewhere to sit and grab a burger." "No. I could swear I've seen them watching us bowling." You hissed, turning back ready to march over and confront the person but they had dissipated while you weren't looking. "What the... they've gone!" "Did you see their face?" You shook your head in response. "Then you can't be sure they were even following us. Come on, at least this way you aren't accosting some innocent patron and if they were following us they've clearly given up. Now, burgers!" Afterwards when you got home you found Wade sat at the kitchen table, throwing paper planes at a poster of Spiderman. He'd clearly been waiting up for you to get home, apparently not in the best of moods. Turning to hang your coat up on the rack you spotted something very familiar about one of the jackets hung there. Sighing you turned. "Wade, were you following me tonight?" "What? No." [Shit. She's on to us.] You raised an eyebrow, the sudden start and higher pitch of his voice giving him away just as much as the rain and few strands of bowling lane confetti on his hood. You raised the hoodie in question in your hands on looked at him. "There's bowling alley confetti on here that says otherwise. Why were you following me?" "Um..." Quick brain, think of something. [Don't look at me, this was your idea.] Well you're no help. "I was making sure you were safe?" You rolled your eyes, pulling up the stool next to him and placing a hand over his. "A. You know I'm fine out there. B. Try the truth this time." Well that didn't work. [Still not helping]. "You spend so much time with him." "Who? Peter? That's because we're friends Wade." "But he was buying you drinks!" Wade grumbled, dropping his head to stare grumpily at the counter top. "He clearly wants to get in your pants." "I won a bet." You nudged your boyfriend beside you with your shoulder. "But he's so handsome. He doesn't y'know, look like an old avocado." Gently you squeezed his hand, making him look up at you. "I like old avocados." You smiled kissing his cheek softly. “They start to go mouldy though…” You raised an eyebrow, shaking your head slowly. “I don’t think the avocado analogy is working great here.” Wade grumbled under his breath. “I’m sorry I didn’t invite you.” You murmured eventually, kissing him gently on the cheek. “That was thoughtless of me. Want to come next time?” “Next time can we do Lazerquest?” You laughed, kissing him softly on the lips and feeling Wade’s lips curve into a smile under yours. Your mumbled yes was swallowed in his kisses as he pulled you into his lap and you wrapped your arms around his neck. Chapter 23 : Fake Boyfriend (Rudy Wade x Reader) Summary: Rudy/Reader. There's some possibly non-consentual kissing. Sorry. “Right so, I was in the back of the car with this chick…” Rudy was cut off as someone grabbed him and kissed him hard. He melted into it for a moment before the lips suddenly left his and he was staring into a girls face. “I’m really sorry about this.” You murmured. “But that guy won’t leave me alone so I’m pretending you’re my boyfriend.” He grinned wickedly and looked at the guy behind you. “’Scuse me, you looking for a kiss too or somethin’ mate?” You sensed the man tensing, then heard his footsteps as he walked away. After a few moments you exhaled heavily, lips quirking up into a smile. “Oh thank god. I am so sorry about that. He just wouldn’t fuck off. I’m Y/N by the way.” You turned to glance at the other faces around you, they all looked so confused. “I pretended I had a boyfriend.” “And you went for him ?” Your face flushed and you shrugged. You’d been subtly eyeing up the tattooed guy from across the party most of the night and in the panic of the moment you’d gone for him. Feeling thoroughly embarrassed now you started to back off. “Well yeah, um, thanks for that. And I’m really sorry, again.” As you turned to go you heard footsteps following you, you froze half expecting that guy to appear again but then the shape of the guy you’d kissed came into your peripheral vision. You relaxed a little, turning your head. “Thought that guy might be around.” “Thanks.” You mumbled. “You don’t have to…” “Eh, I want to.” You smiled a little. “Fresh air?” He gestured for you to lead the way and you did, stepping out into the cool night air. He followed, letting the door close behind him. Just as you opened your mouth to apologise yet again he cut you off. “You’re fooking pretty.” You blinked. “Thanks? Um, thanks. Sorry again.” “Eh.” He shrugged. “I know I’m irresistible.” You smiled. “Kinda.” He shifted slightly, stepping towards you. “Really?” You nodded shyly. “So… want to keep going where we left off?” You could feel your face getting warmer, cheeks flushing. “I… I didn’t catch your name.” “Rudy. So?” You just nodded, letting him press you into the wall, arms around you as his lips pressed into yours. Chapter 24 : Firestarter (Rudy Wade x Reader) Summary: NSFW. This one contains smut. Badly written smut at that. Support group. A safe haven for freaks. Where flames dancing on the tips of your fingers caused no more alarm than someone picking a daisy. Where the man who lived in a video game and had killed people for it (too many people) was just a poor soul needing help. Where even what you had done was just a simple accident, like dropping a glass, not the horrific and terrible thing you knew it was. Deep down it sickened you, but you kept coming, because here you could talk. And here you could listen. You weren't alone any more. Rudy Too helped. Not that he liked you, your sense of humour unsettled him and no one liked the way you would play devil’s advocate for the other Rudy, uncomfortable that he couldn't defend himself. But he was cute and that was something. And yet even here among the freaks you were a special kind of weird. You should have known it wouldn't be different. Shouldn't have taken off the hoodie even in that impressive heat. The looks they had given you. The faces they pulled at the network of scars and burns that criss-crossed your exposed arms. You never did it again. But today something was different. "Why the fuck are we even here?" It was the right voice but the words were wrong. The attitude so different. It took you a moment to realise, to sift through everything you gad heard and for it to click in. This was Rudy. The first one. Not Rudy Too. Not the soft spoken helper who balked at your dark jokes. You were finally going to meet Rudy. The first one. You stayed planted in your chair, watching as everyone else mingled. While Rudy and his friend talked to the others. His friend was odd but you ignored that, he wasn't who you were interested in. Rudy fascinated you. And no one else seemed to realise. Were they really all that stupid or naive? Apparently. As he left, dragging his friend with him, you darted after them, catching them outside. "Wait." You called, watching them stop as you caught up to them. "You're Rudy." "Fucking hell am I? Well that's a surprise. " "I mean the first Rudy, not Rudy Too you dick." He grinned. Well you're smarter than those dicks. Little bastard been bad mouthing me behind my back." "And you seem so charming." Beside him his friend laughed. "Shurrup Finn." He turned to you, eyes sharp. "Where's Rudy Too?" "I as about to ask you the same." You frowned. "He's missing?" Rudy nodded. "Mind if I smoke?" You asked, pulling out a cigarette, when neither protested you lit it off a finger. "Thanks." "That's bloody handy that is." You stared confused for a moment then shrugged. "Not always. Went a bit wrong after the storm. And what can you do? And don't think I'll believe milky nipples, you're weird but not that weird." Rudy laughed and the other guy, Finn, frowned. "Oh I'll show you what I can do." His face twisted into a grimace as he strained, making a terrible noise thar for a moment had you convinced he was about to shit himself. But then an empty bottle by your feet rolled across the ground a few feet. You lifted an eyebrow. "You can move things?" Finn nodded looking very proud of himself. You shrugged, not knowing what to say. "So you have no idea where Rudy Too is?" Finn asked. You shook your head. "Sorry... can I help you look?" Rudy raised an eyebrow. "He's nice to me." It even sounded like a crappy explanation to you. "Sure. She can help right Rudy?" Rudy nodded. "What's your name?" "Y/N" "Alright Y/N, let's find the other Rudy." You found him eventually, after trailing around half the city asking support group members for information, anyone who could possibly know where he might be. And even after all of that it had been a complete accident. You'd been climbing the stairs of one of the high rise buildings that littered the place and seen Rudy Too's torn jumper caught in one of the metal doors of the warehouse across the street. It took some force but the three of you got in, finding poor Rudy Too tied up in a corner. "Jesus man, what happened to you?" Rudy asked, ungagging his other half. "I don't know. I was just trying to help her and she said we were meant to be together and kidnapped me!" He whimpered. "We need to get out of here before she comes back." "I think four of us can handle one girl." Finn laughed, starting to fiddle with the knots. "These are really tight, anyone got a knife." The four of you glanced at each other but no one did. Sighing you held up a hand. "I got something almost as good, just, uh, be ready with something to put it out in case." Taking a deep steadying breath you crouched behind Rudy, letting the flames play at your fingertips as you held them against the rope. The smell of burning filled the air until finally Rudy Too was free, throwing the still smouldering material to the ground and stamping on it. "We need to go." "Leaving so soon lover?" Almost in unison the four of you turned towards the door. Standing there was a girl, skinny and dishevelled with long brown hair that almost reached the floor. Her hair was the only part of her that looked even remotely well kept. Without warning her hair started to rise, twisting in the air like rope. "Prehensile fucking hair?" You laughed. "Of all the powers." The girl stepped forward, hair shooting out towards you. Finn was caught, while Rudy dived towards his other half, knocking him out the way. You only just managed to duck in time. Finn struggled in her grasp, choking as she squeezed him tighter. "The fuck do we do?" "No one has any scissors do they? We could cut her hair?" You stared at the Rudys. "We don't have anything fucking sharp you twat." "Hair burns." You murmured. "You what?" "Come on lover. Come to me." The girl called over the sound of Finns choking. "Hair burns." You repeated, louder this time. "Smells fucking awful." Rudy grumbled. "Your friend is choking to death, I'm sure he can deal with the smell." You snapped. "Get Rudy Too out. She's after him." You stepped forwards, closer to her, shouting insults to draw her attention. It worked. Fast as a whip hair lashed out, catching you and binding you arms at your sides. This wasn't good. You couldn't control it well like this. You struggled but the grip got tighter, crushing your chest, making it hard to breathe. You groaned, this was going to suck. "Hey Finn." You gasped, every word hurting you. "This goes wrong. It was nice knowing you." And then there was heat, and the acrid choking stench of burning hair. You felt the heat rising up your arms, smelled the fabric singing and catching fire. 'Fuck'. The girl screamed, trying to drop you, but the fire was catching and spreading until all of her hair was alight. You felt the flames lick across your chest, saw Finn crawl away choking on the ground. And then you were cold, crumpling to the floor. You heard the sound of cloth beating across skin. Finn was beating out the flames, the girl was alive. They were all alive, though all three of you were singed. You worst of all. The hoodie was little more than a hood and your shirt was in tatters. Grimacing you held the shreds against your chest. The air still stank. "Oh. I missed it." You looked up to see Rudy in the shadow of the back doorway. "Where's Rudy Too?" Rudy patted his stomach. "Back where he belongs. Where's your shirt?" He paused, taking a few steps forwards and cooking his head slightly to one side. "What happened to your..." You winced slightly. "Fucked a porcupine. Look, can I steal something to cover up? It's not warm." Rudy tossed you his hoodie and you could feel his eyes raking over you as you stood to pull it on. "Want to take a picture?" You huffed, face flushing bright red. "I wouldn't mind." Your gaze shot up at him then, biting your lip in nervous embarrassment. Across the other side Finn cleared his throat loudly. "I think maybe we should leave." The sound of sirens fast approaching. "Good plan monkey boy. Eric, fancy a drink Y/N? Y'know, as thanks." "Yeh, I owe you one." Finn coughed. "Thanks for saving me." You dipped your head slightly, smiling. No one had ever tanked you for using your power before. "Yeah, sure." You smiled nervously. "If you don't mind." "We invited you." Rudy scoffed, hooking an arm through yours and dragging you away. "Can't have ya running off with me clothes when we've not even shagged anyway." You tried to hide the burning in your cheeks in the hood as you followed. In the bar you met the other members of their gang, Jess and Abby and 'handsome barman' Alex. Jess was sweet really, though more interested in Alex than you, and Abbey despite her bluntness and habit of saying whatever she thought you liked. Still, you made sure to keep your scars well hidden. "So you two fucked right? That's why she has your clothes on." Abby pointed at you and then Rudy. "I told you, her shirt burned off." You nodded vehemently in agreement, biting your lip. "Likely excuse. She clearly wants to shag you mate, there's been so much eyefucking I thought I was stuck in a weird porn dream." You almost spat out your drink, swallowing with a weird choking noise. "Look at that, she even swallows!" Everyone was staring at Abby now and she frowned. "What? Oh. Was I not supposed to say that." "Actually that swallowing line was quite good." Alex grinned. Abby looked so proud of herself. Rudy said nothing and suddenly you were so embarrassed you wanted to run. You downed the last of your drink and slipped from the barstool. "I better go. It's been nice meeting you all. Um, Rudy?" You turned to him. "I'll wash this and bring it back okay? Or I can give it to Rudy Too at the meeting?" He looked thoughtful for a moment and shook his head. "Some cheerleaders left their clothes at the community center, they're in lost property. Come see if any of it fits, least I can do after you saved me, other me, is get you a new top." "Will the cheerleaders not want their stuff back?" There was a stifled snort of laughter from the group, which soon turned to real laughter as Rudy spoke. "Not likely. Fucking cheerleaders." You nodded, following him once again, though you waved goodbye to the others as you did so. "Nice meeting you all." As the door was shutting you just caught Abbeys voice saying 'they're so going off to fuck'. At the community center Rudy rifled through some lockers until he found a box full of clothes. He turned, holding them out as if they were some kind of trophy. You took it from him tentatively, muttering a thanks as you rifled through, finally selecting a grey tee-shirt and a plain black hoodie. "That'll do." You muttered. "You can have yours back now." You pulled the hoodie off, getting caught for a moment before it finally came off. When you were free Rudy was stood there shirtless. You swallowed, biting your lip, eyes trailing across his chest, following the trail of tattoos across him. He was staring too you realised as you finally looked up. "Want a picture?" He grinned, repeating your own words back at you. "I know I'm irresistible. I'd fuck me." You put your hands on your hips staring at him. "Really?" "Ah c'mon, I'm sexy." "You're incorrigible." You huffed, getting ready to put the shirt on when a hand stopped you. "They were right." "Eh?" "At the bar, they were right about the eyefucking." He grinned. "I saw you." "You did did you? And I'm sure you were completely innocent in the whole thing." You huffed. "Mostly I was thinking about bending you over the bar.” He leaned in close to murmur it in your ear. Now you were picturing it too. You squirmed a little, refusing to look at him. This didn’t happen to you, but damnit you’d fantasised about him before you’d even met him. You knew exactly what he looked like from staring at Rudy Too all the time, and the things you had pictured… damn him. You bit hard into your lip again. “You know that’s incredibly hot don’t you?” An involuntary groan escaped your lips as a hand trailed up your arm gently. “Fuck.” “Hmm.” You finally looked up into his face and he winked at you. “You finally offering?” Lost for words for the first time in a long time you just grabbed him, pulling him against you and into a kiss. He smiled into it, arms wrapping around you. There’s a vague thud as the clothes you were holding land on the floor, his hand is trailing down your back now coming to rest on your ass with a squeeze. “Is there a bed or are we just fucking in the locker room?” You grin. “Not that I’d mind…” “The bed is over that way somewhere.” He wafted a hand vaguely behind him. “Locker room it is.” He grinned, backing you into a bench. You felt the wood hit the back of your knees and you bent slightly, letting him lower you gently onto your back on the bench. He crawled on top of you, kissing you lightly on your lips, then down to your neck and down your chest. You moaned softly in response, feeling a spark of fire as soon as his lips grazed your neck, your body arching up almost involuntarily into his touch. He kept trailing kisses downwards, reaching the waistband of your jeans. He paused, looking up at you, fingers tracing the skin just above the band. The question hung in the air unsaid. “You having second thoughts?” You breathed, starting to prop yourself up. “Just making sure you weren’t.” He grinned. “I never have second thoughts.” His fingers worked fast, unbuttoning your jeans and tugging them down your thighs. His fingers traced over the scars as he went and you closed your eyes, fastening them tight against the shame of it. Then he traced your tattoo, fingers following the path of the tentacles and then further, brushing against the fabric of your underwear. Humming to himself he tugged them down too, lifting your legs a little so he could pull all the fabric away. His hands trailed up your thighs as he shifted a little closer, his breath ghosting across your exposed lips and making you wriggle slightly. With a cheeky cock of the eyebrow he leant forwards, licking one long teasing stripe up you. You moaned, hands gripping the edges of the bench, it had been so long… and damn he was so good . Two fingers and his tongue lapping at your clit and you came undone, crying out and shuddering under him. “Well, I knew I was good, I didn’t know I was that good.” He grinned. “’ck off.” You panted, waving a hand weakly in his direction. “Now are those really the words you want to say to a man who gives you earth-shattering orgasms?” You propped yourself up on your elbows, raising an eyebrow. “Cocky bastard.” He crawled over on top of you, somewhere along the way his jeans and boxers had dropped to the floor. You bit your lip before pulling him into a kiss trying to push your hips up into him. He grinned against your mouth, angling his hips so he slid into you. You wrapped your legs around him, hooking your ankles together at the small of his back and pulling him deeper into you. His hands slid down your sides, one gripping your hip as he started to thrust against you, his mouth finding your neck and leaving sucking kisses there. You moaned louder, nails digging into his shoulders where you gripped him. He groaned, slamming into you harder as you rocked your hips against him. “Oh fuck.” You breathed. “Fuck.” You could feel him grinning against the skin of your neck. “Yeah.” His movements became more rapid, you pulling him deeper into you and wrapping your arms around him. Suddenly he shuddered, motions becoming more erratic as his fingers left bruises in the skin of your hip. “Fuck.” He stilled, sweat beading on his forehead. You were flushed too, pulling him down for a kiss. “I think that may be the best thank you ever.” You grinned. “But I don’t think I can move.” Rudy waved a hand vaguely. “Fuck it, we’ll cuddle on a bench.” You mumbled something and rolled over slightly, dragging his arms around you. Rudy grinned into your shoulder, gently placing a kiss there. “Can I stay here tonight?” Rudy just gripped you tighter. “I’ll get a blanket.” Chapter 25 : Scars [Bones x Reader] Summary: TW: SELF HARM Bones comforting a reader with self harm scars If anyone asked you about it you’d wax lyrical for hours about how much you loved Starfleet. Even in the midst of the gruelling Academy exams you’d been able to see past your complaining to the idea that soon (as long as you passed) you were going to be in space. Space! And you’d be doing what you loved, what you’d dreamed of doing since childhood – exploring the far reaches of the galaxy and investigating all the weird and wonderful xenobiology out there. There was just one tiny problem. One thing amongst it all that you didn’t like. The physical. It wasn’t that you didn’t like medics, actually the ships doctor was really attractive and you had kissed that one time at the academy which, okay, made it kind of awkward but it was still okay. It was the actual exam bit. They never failed to mention the scars. You knew they had to ask, but they didn’t have to be so rude about it. You knew how ugly they were, how ugly they made you, but the last guy mentioning that they had procedures now to make you look more normal had really stung. And the thought of Leonard McCoy, a man you had daydreamed about almost since the day you met him at the academy, seeing what a freak you were was horrific. You could almost see the repulsed expression already. You’d begged him to let you off, but it was no use, he might be an utter grouch sometimes but he cared too much about the crew to let anyone miss an annual physical. At least he’d let you go last, that way there was no one to stop you on your way out, or see the no doubt tearful face you’d leave with. “Y/N you’re late.” Leonard met you at the door, a faint tinge of concern on his face. “I, um, got caught up.” You lied, shifting nervously. Leonard gestured for you to head in and you did, head down as you headed towards the small exam table in the middle of the room. “No need to worry, it’s just a routine exam. You’ve had one before you joined the ship right?” He sounded a little worried now. You nodded. “I just… I don’t like them.” Still frowning slightly Bones held out his tricorder towards you, taking all the standard readings. He pulled a face somewhere in the middle and shook his head. “It’s malfunctioning, if that was your pulse you’d be dead.” He turned the tricorder towards you and you raised an eyebrow. 8bpm, yep, you really would be dead. Or close to it anyway. “Oh.” “I’m going to have to do it manually,” he sighed, “can you roll up your sleeve?” “No! I mean… I can’t.” You stammered. “Come on Y/N, you can’t leave until I’ve done this. Just roll up your sleeve and let me get on with it.” You stared at each other for a while until you finally gave in, slowly rolling up your sleeve and exposing the scars that littered your forearm. You refused to look up at him, feeling the tears starting to prick at your eyes. “Oh Y/N.” You shook your head. “Just take the reading, I know it’s hideous.” Suddenly Leonard was crouching down, forcing his way into your vision. His hand gently wrapped around your arm, refusing to let you pull it away from him. “It’s not hideous.” “It is. I’m a freak, a disgusting freak.” You sniffed, the tears starting to roll down your cheeks. “Damnit woman no you’re not.” You could barely see him through the tears, but you could feel his hand gently running over the marks, inspecting them with the same care he’d give to any patient. “You know we have a dermal regenerator on board? I could… I could heal these, if that’s what you want?” His brow furrowed and he glanced away back towards the med supplies. “If they bother you.” “I know. I didn’t want you to know,” you murmured looking away from him again and rubbing your eyes with your free arm. “I didn’t want you to think I was… that I’m a freak.” “Why would I think that?” He murmured, completely ignoring the withering look you shot him through the tears. “Point taken darlin’. Look, think about it, I can do the regen for you when the other staff aren’t here if that’s what you decide.” “Thank you.” It was barely a whisper when it escaped your lips, and you looked up to see the normally cranky doctor smile and press his lips to the back of your hand. “Anytime darlin’. Anything I can do to see that pretty smile again.” Chapter 26 : Use and Lose [Captain Boomerang x Reader] Summary: Boomer's coat looks lovely and warm. Captain Boomerang warms the reader up on a mission You shivered and pulled your limbs closer into your body in an attempt to conserve heat. It had seemed like such a good idea at first, do some work for the government in exchange for time off your sentence, but now you realised why Task Force X got its nickname of Suicide Squad. You'd somehow survived a bunch of roided up mercenaries and a superpowered asshole trying to murder you only to probably die from hypothermia during the night because the people meant to evac you thought it was too dangerous to try tonight. You'd all taken shelter in a rickety abandoned warehouse but it wasn't warm. It didn't help you'd managed to get your jacket shredded in the battle. Harley, the only other girl and only one with less clothes than you had taken the scrap of filthy sheeting you'd found to use as a blanket and curled up with Floyd to keep warm. You shivered again, biting down on your lip to stop your teeth chatter. "Yeh alright luv?" You turned your head to see Boomer sat a couple feet away. Probably not a good idea to show an exploitable weakness in front of the brash Aussie you decided, but the violent shiver that ran through your body ruined that plan. “Yer cold. C'mere." He murmured, holding out his coat. It did look warm. And then there was the heat of his body so close to you... You could feel your cheeks flushing as you fought the thoughts down, shaking your head stiffly. Boomer it turned out, wasn't taking no for an answer, he shuffled towards you and pulled you roughly against him, wrapping his coat around the two of you as the heat of his body seeped through your thin clothes. "Better?" He asked, pulling you closer to his side. You nodded. "Thanks." For a while you both sat in silence, listening to the wind and rain colliding with the side of the building. You nestled your head into his shoulder without even realising you were doing it until you felt him shift a little and pull you a little closer, his calloused fingers stroking the bare skin of your shoulder. “I can think of other ways to warm yeh up.” You froze, worried he’d see your face flushing just from the thought of it. Instead you felt the rumble of laugher as it went through his chest. “Asshole.” You grumbled, swatting half-heartedly at his chest. “Not funny.” Boomer laughed again, turning his head so his breath ghosted across your ear when he spoke. “Yeh didn’t say no.” “Remember the last time you pulled that shit on me?” You shook your head, turning slightly to look at him and grinning. You were leaning against a pool table lining up a shot when you felt a hand slap against your ass and squeeze. Quick as lighting you were up, twisting the guys arm behind his back and slamming him face down into the table. Below you the scruffy face started to laugh. “Alright Sheila, calm yerself.” He chuckled, the aussie accent surprising you a bit. “If I have to take your hand off me again you really won’t like it.” You replied, letting him go. You stayed there, arms folded across his chest as you watched the stranger stand up and brush himself down. The lunatic was still grinning at you. “Any way I could get around that?” You arched an eyebrow at him, shaking your head. “Start by buying me a drink, then we’ll see.” Boomer grinned back, his beard tickling your cheek as he dipped his head again to murmur in your ear. “Y’know, yah had me at threatening to hurt me.” He let out a low rumbling laugh. “I like ‘em feisty. So…?” You huffed, nostrils flaring slightly. “A, I’m not gonna fuck you in a room full of people and B, what?” “We don’t hafta fuck…” his hand trailed across from your shoulder and down your chest, cupping your breast lightly “there’s plenty ah other ways to keep warm.” You caught his wrist, pressing painfully into the pressure point on his hand. He hissed through his teeth, yanking his hand away. “You don’t really know how to treat a lady do you Digger?” You sighed, pulling back slightly so you could turn to face him. Instead of pushing away in a huff like you had expected he just pulled you in closer to him, forcing you to almost straddle his lap as he did. His arm stayed wrapped around your back, half possessive, half restraint. You bit your lip, feeling heat pooling in your belly and rising in your cheeks as you stared up at him. “Since when did yah wanted to be treated like a lady?” He grinned, pulling you just a little closer, his face lowering so his nose almost touched yours. “I thought yah liked a little rough.” “Still not fucking you here.” You breathed. “You know I’m not a use and lose kinda girl.” Digger smiled, running his hand up your back and to the back of your neck where he pulled you into a kiss that tasted like beer and something that was pure Digger Harkness. A quiet moan escaped you, thankfully muffled from the rest of the guys by his lips and tongue. When he pulled away the aussie looked so damn smug you almost punched him. “When we get back…” He paused and shook his head. “You’re not use and lose to me darl.” Chapter 27 : Happy New Year [George Weasley x Reader] Summary: A quick, mildly drunk writeup for New Years. Celebrating in true Weasley style. "Hey Y/N! I've got something to show you." You froze at the entrance to your common room, turning to see the excited face of your best friend and long-time devil on your shoulder George Weasley. You smiled back at him and stepped away from the eagle knocker to follow him back down the staircase. "This isn't going to result in me spending my last days of freedom in detention is it Weasley?" You paused. "Wait. You're not even supposed to be here, you should be home with your family. Your mother is going to murder you." George just laughed and tugged at your hand. "I had permission to leave. Got the floo from the Burrows to Hogsmede and snuck in." "Bloody hell George. What's so important?" You huffed, rushing to keep up with him. "If Filch sees..." "Stop worrying Y/N. It'll be worth it, promise." You sighed and followed him as he led you through the hallways of the castle and up towards the astronomy tower. You wanted to ask, your curiosity and need to know attitude getting the better of you but you managed to bite it down until you reached the tower. "George..." "Shhh." He smiled, pressing a finger to your lips. "Just two more minutes. Stay there." You did as he asked, standing still and watching as he bustled about along the window. You heard the whisper of a spell and saw sparks come to life near him. At first you thought something had gone wrong but then he stepped back and came out stand beside you, one arm around your shoulders. "Wha-" You were interrupted by a whistle and bright light as what you realised now we're fireworks started going off from the windowsill George had just been at. The rockets shot off into the sky, exploding into showers of light that changed colour or formed shapes as they fell. The final and largest took the form of a bronze and blue Eagle that soared upwards before diving down and exploding into a cloud of glitter and sparks. "You made them work!" You almost shreiked in excitement, turning to face him with the widest grin you'd ever worn in your life. "You bloody brilliant, lunatic wizard!" Before you realised you were doing it you had kissed him. Suddenly your brain kicked into gear and you froze, frightened you had ruined your entire friendship, but George's hand pressed into the small of your back and his lips started moving against yours kissing you back. When you finally pulled apart your cheeks were flushed and George had a cocktail grin on his face. "Happy New Year Y/N." He murmured, kissing your forehead. "Fancy going out with me? I meant to ask before, but you sort of kissed me." You smacked his arm laughing. "Yes you idiot. Yes." Chapter 28 : Hysteria [Jacob Frye x Reader] Summary: Female hysteria was a once-common medical diagnosis and Its diagnosis and treatment were routine for many hundreds of years in Western Europe.. Women considered to have it exhibited a wide array of symptoms, including faintness, nervousness, sexual desire, insomnia, fluid retention, heaviness in the abdomen, shortness of breath, irritability, loss of appetite for food or sex, and a "tendency to cause trouble." Doctors commonly treated hysteria by masturbating female patients to orgasm (termed 'hysterical paroxysm'). It had been a quiet day all in all, couple of small bust ups between Rooks and some other gangs but nothing to the scale it had been. Jacob knew he should enjoy the respite, but it put him on edge, things hadn't been quiet for this many consecutive hours for many a week and it meant trouble was brewing somewhere. But as it was the Rooks had dragged him to the pub, not that he could turn down the offer of a good drink, and he was here 'relaxing'. As if to answer his suspicions it had been quiet too long a scuffle broke out across the bar. “Get your damn hands off me!” “She’s bloody mad! Needs putting in an Asylum.” Jacob pushed over the table to find one of his Rooks facing down a group of ruddy faced men, semi crouched in a fighting stance, fists raised and eyes darting about. "Now lads, what seems to be the problem?" He drawled, gesturing towards them. "The woman is mad!" One man shouted. "I am n-" You started but were cut off by someone else. "We was just offering her some company and she suddenly went completely insane. An' look at her Sir, dressed like that, she's clearly a wrong 'un." Jacob frowned, taking in the half angry, half pleading look you gave him. You could almost see the cogs turning in his brain. You were one of his and in truth the men had got off lucky since none of them were bleeding yet. "She's just a bit hysterical." He grinned. "She's one of mine lads, but high strung. Don't worry, I've plenty of experience handling hysterical women." You flinched when he put a hand on your arm, looking about ready to punch him in the face for the third time that week. "Just come with me Y/N." He hissed. "I'm not bloody hysterical." You snapped, trying to pull your arm away. Jacob tightened his grip in response, so hard it was sure to bruise. You hissed in pain and stopped struggling. "Just go with it. Unless you think you'd rather do a spell in the asylum. There's four peelers over there, they'd be more than happy to take you." You muttered something extremely unladylike under your breath and Jacob laughed, pulling you towards the door happily. "Problem solved chaps." He almost laughed. "She gives you any trouble we'd be more than happy to help out." Jacob had to almost pull ypu off her feet to stop you from whirling around and slamming a blade through the man's face. At his resistance to what you considered honest justice you let put another litany of curses as Jacob shoved you out into the cool night air. "You need some anger management lessons Y/N." Jacob chided, shaking his head at you. "You could have got in real trouble." "Oh that's rich coming from Mr Punch First Ask Questions Later." You snorted, whirling to stalk away from him in a huff. His hand shot out, grabbing you and pulling you back against him with a huff of suprised breath. "You could have been hurt." "I can handle myself." You struggled half heartedly against him. "Let go Jacob." "There's still that hysteria problem that needs fixing." He rumbled, hand stroking your cheek. "I imagine you've heard about the new cure for that." Your heart was pounding in your chest and it was all you could do not to moan aloud at the mere thought of it. "You're not funny Frye." You grit out. "I'm not joking." He released your arms as he spoke, letting you turn to look at him. "Leave if you want, but I'm not joking." You stood frozen from shock, staring at him. Jacob Frye, your leader and the man you'd held a torch for for months wanted you. Probably not in the way you wanted him granted, you'd heard some stories of Jacob and his womanising, but even the smallest taste was more than you could have hoped for. Taking your stillness as acquiescence he moved first, his hand cupping your cheek as he brought your face towards his in a kiss. Your fists balled in his coat, kissing back with enthusiasm. His free hand moved to cup your breast, the gentle squeeze he gave making you moan quietly against him. With a satisfied noise he slid his hand down towards the top of your breeches, fingers fumbling with the buttons. “Jacob…” You whimpered, arching your back to push your body into his hand. He hummed quietly, fingers pushing past the fabric and rubbing against the sensitive nub between your legs making you gasp and squirm beneath him. The hand slid lower, fingers slipping on your wetness and sliding inside you with a satisfied and needy groan. His fingers crooked inside you, thumb moving to rub your clit, already slick with your juices. “Eager hmm?” He chuckled as you let out a cry and fisted your hand in his coat, “I should have known.” His teeth nipped at your ear as he continued to pump his fingers into you, making his own noises of pleasure as you keened beneath his ministrations. Finally you broke, coming with a muffled shout as you buried your face in his shoulder. “Feeling better?” “If I didn’t feel so weak I’d hit you Jacob Frye.” You hissed in response, lifting your head from his shoulder to glare at him. Jacob just grinned. “I’ll take that as a yes.” Chapter 29 : New Housemate [Sherlock x Reader] Summary: This one is bad. Even I know this one is bad. Never mind, I'm working on better Sherlocking. You glanced up from your reading as the door of the room opened and your housemate and long-time subject of your most secret daydreams strode through the door and practically fell on the sofa next to you, nearly knocking the book out of your hand. You raised an eyebrow at him, gently nudging him with your foot. “Rough day perchance?” You asked, trying not to laugh. “They’re idiots. They’re all idiots.” He grumbled, running a hand through his mop of curly hair. “Who’s an idiot now Sherlock?” “Everyone! They come to me with stupid trivial cases, even Lestrade could have solved most of them. And that idiot with the cheating wife…” He exhaled slowly through his nose. “It’s boring. I’m bored.” You shifted slightly, leaning towards him and setting you book down softly on the floor. “When I first moved in you thought I was an idiot too, remember?” Sherlock gave a dismissive wave of his hand. “Not an idiot, just an annoyance.” You snorted in disbelief. "You hated me when I first moved in." Sherlock swept through the front door of 221B Baker Street, almost knocking you off your feet as he collided with you. "Sherlock!" He ignored you and turned to glare at the older woman. "Mrs Hudson I told you I wasn't seeing any more clients today. Please get rid of her." Mrs Hudson opened her mouth to say something but you got there first. "I'm not a client. I'm your new housemate." Sherlock froze and turned his head to look at you. "What?" His attention snapped back to Mrs Hudson. “I do not need a new housemate. I am perfectly fine.” “I could use the help dear.” You managed not to roll your eyes at the kindly older woman’s placating behaviour, but only just, you did kind of need this place after all. And it was a gorgeous flat. “Your brother seemed to think otherwise. You look nothing alike by the way.” You paused and studied Sherlock carefully. “Maybe the eyes. Who is John by the way? At first I thought boyfriend, but after meeting you… he was your old housemate then, you two were close? Left to have a wife and a baby then, not enough room here.” “Any idiot could figure that out.” The tall man huffed, narrowing his eyes. “How do you feel about violin?” “How do you feel about piano?” You grinned, arching an eyebrow. “I have a Doctorate in Physics, I’m not entirely stupid.” “And how many men do you usually bring home?” “Per night or per week?” You shot back, almost laughing. “I don’t as a rule.” “Good. I need quiet to think.” The two of you fell into silence, you grinning to yourself while Sherlock brooded. “I’ll go put on the tea.” The bright voice of Mrs Hudson broke the silence. “Yes well… you were sent by Mycroft. You could be spying on me for him.” He mused. “And you could still be an annoyance in the right situation.” You hummed quietly and shifted so you were leant up against him, feeling the warmth of his body seep through your clothes. Almost absent-mindedly he lifted his arm and rested it around your shoulders. “It’s a good thing you’re pretty,” you sighed, “I’d probably have tried to kill you by now if you weren’t. You can be an arse, you know that?” You heard him chuckle and felt him press his lips to the top of your head. “So I’ve been told,” Sherlock murmured into your hair. “And yet you stay here.” “I have my reasons.” You tipped your head back and turned it slightly, pressing a kiss into his shoulder. Chapter 30 : Challenges [Clint Barton x Reader It was over. The battle was won, if you could call it winning. There were bodies, so many bodies. A friend lay a few feet from you, blood still oozing from the hole in his chest. Your legs gave way and you hit the dirt painfully, the impact reopening several wounds. You were exhausted and battered, too defeated to try and stand again so you just sat there and watched the rest of your team helping each other to their feet, pulling things from the wreckage. Sirens pierced the silence as the forces and paramedics finally managed to break through the lines. Men in green jumpsuits rushed to pull survivors from the wreckage, and to tend to the wounded in the open. You knew you should be up there helping, the guilt of staying still burned through you like a knife, but your legs just didn't want to move and your eyes felt heavy. The world was Fading, the edges of your vision going dark. Succumbing to the blessed peace of darkness you shut your eyes and let everything go away. "Y/N. Y/N. You need to wake up. You can't sleep right now." You groaned, blinking blearily as the face of Bruce came into focus. You frowned, trying to bat away the bright light he was bringing towards your face. "I don't want to be awake right now Bruce. Just leave me be." You groaned, shutting your eyes again. "You're not even a proper doctor. You're a bloody physicist." Bruce sighed, pinching your arm painfully. "I’ve done a few first aid courses in my time. You might have a concussion Y/N. You can't sleep right now." He looked you over. "Can you stand? A shower might help you stay awake, and I'm sure cleaning up will help you feel better." You grumbled and shuffled around slightly, pulling yourself out of the bed. Bruce offered you an arm but you ignored him, slowly wandering over towards the bathroom. There wasn't a lock on the door, stupid medical bathrooms, but you guessed the sound of the shower and the presence of Doctor Banner would stop anyone bursting in. Painfully you peeled off your uniform, marvelling at the range of bruises that covered you. The livid purple of your side told you that you'd been lucky to escape a cracked rib and the bloody mess of your shoulder was a reminder of the blast you had been too slow to dodge and the stitches you would need. You turned the water on, waiting for a few moments for it to warm before you stepped under the gentle spray. You winced as the water hit your myriad injuries, washing dirt and blood from the open wounds. Slowly you slid to the floor, sitting under the shower and cradling your head in your hands as you cried. You didn't know how long you'd been sat there before the door opened. The water was barely even warm anymore and you felt like every tear in your body had been cried out. But you couldn't move, you couldn't go back out there and face them. You hadn't saved everyone. You had broken your promise to keep them all safe. "Y/N?" You glanced up to see Clint standing a few feet away, the door cracked ajar behind him. You turned your head away. "Leave me alone Clint." "Can't do that. I'm under orders. Bruce said you'd been in here a long time, wanted me to check on you. I think coming in here with you naked would affect his delicate sensibilities." He grinned cheekily. "I on the other hand jumped at the opportunity." You flipped him the bird. "Hey I wanted to check on you for honourable reasons too." His voice softened as he stepped closer to you, crouching a little way away from the spray. "Want to tell me what's up?" "I'm just sore and tired Clint." You tapped your fingers gently on your knee. "I just want to sleep." Clint reached out a hand, gently placing it on top of yours. "Come on Y/N, you don't fool me that easy. I've seen you battered and bruised and exhausted before, not seen you cry over it. The Lion King sure, bullet wounds and beatings not a chance." "You're more observant than you look." You smiled weakly. Clint grinned, stripping off his shirt and pants and coming to sit next to you in the cool spray of water. You glanced over at him properly for the first time since he entered and flushed a little, pulling your knees a bit closer to your chest. "Guess I should count myself lucky you kept your boxers on." Clint winked at you. "Now are you going to tell me what's really wrong?" He asked softly. You sighed. "I promised I'd keep them safe. I told him I wouldn't let anything happen to him." Your voice started to crack and you let your head drop to your knees. "I didn't save them." You heard Clint swallow and felt his hand wrap around yours, squeezing gently. "You couldn't have saved them. You can't save everyone." "I promised them!" Tears burned your eyes again as your voice broke on the words. "I know. I know it's utter hell. But you did all you could. Look at you, you were so drained you passed out and you've been beaten black and blue. You did everything you could have done." His voice was firm and his hand never left yours. "Believe me." You squeezed your eyes shut tight. "My friend is dead. How do I even try to tell myself I did my best?" "Because it's truth. We've all been there. My first handler died because I wasn't fast enough with my bow. It wrecked me, I went rogue for a while. It's how I met Nat actually." He let go of your hand and placed his palm to your cheek, turning your head to look at him. "Tony hot the bottle when he lost people. Steve flew himself into ice. None of us are perfect. Learn from our mistakes, use it to keep fighting. Let it give you more power. Heh, I'm sure Bruce can give you some lessons in channelling anger." You smiled weakly, looking up into Clint's blue eyes. His thumb stroked your cheek gently. "I didn't know. I'm sorry." "Most people don't." He shrugged, frowning gently. "Not a story I spread around. It's hard, never goes away really, but it gets better. You learn to cope." He paused, brushing a few strands of wet hair away from your face. "Now as much as I'm enjoying the beautiful vision before me this water is getting cold and you need those wounds tending to." He stood, reaching a hand out to you to help you up. You took it gladly, groaning as each moment make a new part of you ache. The wound on your shoulder was starting to ooze blood again. Clint looked you up at down as you stood, hiding it under the guide of assessing your injuries though the look in his eyes and the muttering of 'Bruce is a damn idiot' gave his real intentions away. You flushed, gesturing to the towels hung on a rack by the wall. "I know I look a mess." You huffed. "You look like a work of art." He chided, turning and grabbing a couple of towels. "Cubism maybe." You quipped back, taking a towel and securing it around yourself. “I’m several shades of black, blue and purple, with a bit of red thrown in for variety. And I know I don’t cry pretty. I’m a mess right now Clint, but you’re sweet for trying to be nice to me.” He shrugged, wrapping the second towel around his waist. “I meant it.” He stepped towards the door and pushed it open properly, motioning towards the bed you’d previously been lying in. “Now go get your medical treatment.” You leant up and kissed him on the cheek as you passed. “Thank you Clint. For everything. See you in training.” Chapter 31 : Company [Chibs x Reader] Summary: A quickie, because I rather like Scottish badasses. And knives. You leaned against the bar sipping your drink as you watched the boys file out of church and the croweaters pounced. You sighed and shook your head, you didn’t really belong here, you weren’t like all these other girls with their endless legs and flat stomachs, not to mention their really impressive racks. Hell half of them were actual porn stars. You looked down at your flat breasts, the softness of your stomach, and you sighed. “Hey love, not joining the party?” You looked up into the scarred face of Chibs and felt your face flush a little. "It's... I don't really... I'm just here for Allie." You stammered, motioning towards your friend who was currently wrapped around Happy. Chibs glanced back and shook his head. "Oh aye. I've seen you here more often than she is." He grinned, lifting his glass. "Come have some fun Y/N." You rubbed your hand over the back of your hair nervously, messing it up slightly. You glanced over at the girls lingering a few feet away, waiting to pounce on Chibs once his attention was no longer on you. Hoping for an out you gestured towards them. "I think they'd prefer you be spending time with them." Chibs turned slightly and shook his head. "Aye I reckon they would," he murmured, turning back to you, "but I'd much rather be spending my time with you." You swallowed, nails digging hard into your palm. "I'm sure they'd be better company, easier on the eye anyway." The Scot frowned, taking the slightest step towards you and grabbing one of your hands. "And why would you say that love?" You frowned. "Isn't it obvious? I've not exactly got the skinny porn star body everyone seems to go so crazy over." It came out harsher than you meant it to, the words left a sour taste in your mouth. "Aye and I'm not a young man any more, never stopped you spending time wi' me before." His hand squeezed yours gently. "It's different. You're still hot." You mumbled. "And you're good company." Well now you'd gone and done it. Chibs was grinning broadly at you, his eyes sparkling in a way you hadn't seen in weeks. "That so lass?" "Fuck." He laughed, pulling you gently away from the bar. "I want ta spend time with ye, no arguments." You followed apprehensively, trying to ignore the dirty looks from the girls around you. The handsome Scot had caught the eye of several croweaters, all of whom seemed to be watching you and he as he tugged you towards a seat. As you sat he pulled a bottle of James on from Lord knows were and poured some into the empty glass on the table, pushing it towards you. Anywhere else with anyone else and you'd have refused, but you trusted Chibs and you trusted the sons - you'd seen first hand what happened to anyone who messed with someone the Sons considered theirs, it wasn't pretty. Smiling nervously you lifted the glass, draining half of it before you knew what you were doing. The Scot laughed and took a swig from the bottle. "I hate you sometimes." You sighed, shaking your head. "Well, I don't." "I know." He smiled softly and the way his eyes sparkled made you swallow. You knew that look, you just never dreamed it would be aimed at you. "Why do you want to drink with me, really?" It came out shaky, just louder than a murmur. "I can't have a drink with a pretty lass without being interrogated? I enjoy your company, I'd like to enjoy more of it." You flushed deep red and grabbed the bottle from where he'd rested it on the table as he was talking, taking a few deep gulps. Chibs stood silently, moving to your side of the table. He took your hand, pulling you from your seat, watching your body language carefully as he pulled you towards him. When you didn't resist or say no he lowered his head, capturing your lips in a gentle kiss that sent the boys hollering. Chapter 32 : Getting Into Trouble [Starlord x Reader] Summary: Overprotective!Starlord x reader request from tumblr. I'm rusty at writing Mr Quill evidently. "You're staying on the ship." You folded your arms across your chest and glared at your boss and long term boyfriend Peter Quill. "Like hell I am. You might need me, I'm the best sharpshooter on the ship." "You're our getaway driver." He countered. It didn't help. "Rocket is our getaway driver. You know I can barely fly this hunk of junk." You snapped back, nostrils flaring and eyes narrowed. "I'm coming with you." "The Milano is not a hunk of junk." Peter hissed back, spinning on his heel and stalking away. Well he hadn't kept saying no to your joining the mission which you decided meant that you would be joining them, so you began to strip and clean your gun. If you were going to be of use everything needed to work perfectly. You ducked behind a shipping container as a blast sailed over your head. Apparently Peter had short changed this particular pirate a few years ago and ye guy held one heck of a grudge. Things had started going south almost as soon as you got there and very quickly dissolved into gunshots. "Y/N get back to the ship!" You whipped your head around to glare at Peter. "Damnit Peter I'm not a small child that needs taking care of all the time." You snarled, reloading and firing off a couple more shots. "You need me here so I'm staying here. I'm a big girl, I can take care of myself." In response he muttered something under his breath that you couldn't hear but were pretty sure was less than polite. He turned away from you to look at Drax as another round ricocheted off the metal. "Drax, if we cover think you can grab that box with our stuff and carry it back to the ship?" He asked, motioning towards the heavy crate of parts and ammo. Drax frowned. "I would much rather be a part of the fight friend Quill." He boomed. "These pirates have insulted us and I would enjoy depending our honour." You sighed. "Maybe next time Drax, the rest of us can't carry that alone." The larger man glanced at the box again and nodded. "Next time I will be at the front of the battle!" You grinned wryly. "Yep big guy, you can lead the charge." You glanced at Peter. "Ready for this Starlord ?" You teased, winking at him. Peter gave his guns a quick check over and nodded to you. "Whenever you're ready." With a whoop of joy you rolled out, quickly firing off a volley of shots towards the pirates. Peter was seconds behind you, covering Drax as he ran for the box and lifted it. You glanced over your shoulder to watch his retreat, making sure his path was clear. That's when the searing pain went through your thigh. You couldn't help but cry out, dropping to the floor and rolling behind cover to look at the source of the pain. A neat hole was singed through the muscle of your quadriceps, blood had started to well in the wound, running down your leg. Cursing you hauled yourself to your feet again, barely swallowing the scream that bubbled in your throat as you did so. "Y/N? Y/N?" Peter's tone was frantic as he stared over at you. "Just keep shooting." You yelled back. "I'll cover the retreat from here, I can snipe them off if you can get the ship moving." "Not happening Y/N. I'm coming to get you." He didn't let you argue, changing course and heading towards you. You covered his back, you knew better than to say anything when he used that tone. As he skidded in next to you you lowered your weapon and took cover again. Tapping the side of his face Peter signalled to the ship. "Rocket, you're going to need to get her up and running and closer to us. Y/N is hurt, she'd not going to be able to run for it." He tapped the side of his face again and turned to you. "You can take care of yourself can you? Really? Because that bleeding hole doesn't look much like taking care of yourself to me. You're not coming on another mission." "Oh do one Peter." You snapped back. "I made one mistake, that doesn't mean I should be blacklisted forever." There was a familiar rumble of engines behind you and Peter said a quiet word of triumph under his breath. With a grunt he scooped you up in his arms, running for the ship while Rocket covered the both of you from the open cargo door. Every step sent a bolt of pain through your thigh, making you hiss through your teeth. Finally there was the blessed sound of feet on metal and a door sliding shut. Gently you felt yourself being lowered to the ground and slowly you reopened eyes you didn't realise you had closed. A med kit was thrust towards you and you swiftly patched yourself up, thankful for the pain relief you'd picked up the other day. Last time you'd patched up injuries without it, which had been far from fun. Luckily despite the pain the wound wasn't too bad and fairly clean. As you finished you glanced up at Peter. You had felt him seething over you the whole time you'd been patching yourself up, and the rest of the crew had vanished. You knew what was coming. It wasn't going to be pleasant. "I knew I shouldn't have let you come." He hissed. "But you insisted and look where that got you!" "You're the one who short changed him last time!" You snapped back. "You're the one who got hurt!" He shouted, scrubbing his hand over his hair. He sighed, face softening and when he spoke again his voice sounded more like the soft rumble you knew and loved. "Damnit Y/N I'm sorry. I just worry Okay? I love you so much, the thought of losing you terrifies me and every time you get hurt all i can see is losing you forever. " You sighed and held out your arms as a signal for him to help you up. He did, wrapping his arms around you and wincing as you hissed at the pain of movement. Once on your feet you didn't let go of him, placing a gentle kiss on his cheek as you moved to bury your face in his shoulder. "I'm not going anywhere Peter. It'll take more than this to take me out and I have no intention whatsoever of letting that happen." You murmured into his hair. "I love you Peter Quill. You're stuck with me now." Chapter 33 : Triton [Newt Scamander x Reader] Summary: Short weird one based on a dream. Newt and beasts are my favourites, You picked you way down the gravel path towards the pasture quietly, enjoying the fresh air and the warmth of the summer sun on your skin. In the near distance you could see the shapes of your small herd waiting at the gates for their morning feed, the sound of jostling and whinnies familiar and comforting. Suddenly the horses whirled, the largest unfurling her golden wings and flying a few anxious feet up into the air. The branches in the small wood that followed the path cracked, whirling you brandished your wand, pointing it directly at the tall, gangly looking man who had exited the trees. "If you're here to try and take my horses I hope you came prepared for a fight." You called, trying to hide the waver in your voice. The man flinched and held both hands up submissively. "Oh no, I wouldn't dream of it. Are you Y/N? They told me I could find you out here." You relaxed a little, though you still held your wand pointed towards him. "Who is they?" You tiled your head a little, narrowing your eyes at him. "Wait, is that what I think it is?" The man smiled and moved a hand to his breast pocket, where a small green creature stepped out onto his fingers. You let your wand fall, taking a few steps forwards and peering curiously at the creature. "Is that...?" You trailed off as the creature blew a raspberry at you. "This is Pickett, he's a bowtruckle." You could hear the pride in the man's voice. "And that was beneath him, you're being rude Pickett." "Oh, I don't mind." You straightened up and grinned. "First time I met Mina she tried to eat my hair." "Mina?" The man looked confused. "The big palomino scaredy cat up there." You smiled, gesturing to the winged horses. "You seem to have my name, but I don't have yours." "Oh, my apologies. I'm Newt, um, Newt Scamander." He held out a hand and you shook it firmly. "Now Mr Scamander, would you mind explaining exactly what you're doing here while I feed the horses?" He followed quietly as you headed the final few feet towards the paddock with your buckets. The first was easy, a huge bucket of hay for the chestnuts and greys, the second wasn't too bad either, as long as you kept it away from the others - whisky for Mina. The last bucket though made even Newt step back a little, a pile of raw meat. "Yes, it is a little macabre isn't it? That's for Edgar and Poe, they're sweethearts really." You smiled, leaning against the fence post and watching as the piles of food slowly started to disappear. "Edgar and Poe?" You turned to see Newt's face lined with confusion. “Oh. I forget sometimes…” You shook your head slightly, voice quiet. “They’re Thestrals…. Wait, what did you say your name was?” “Newt Scamander?” “Wait, you’re not the Newt Scamander who was nearly expelled from Hogwarts? After the incident with the-“ He cut you off with a motion of his hand, cheeks flushing red. “I didn’t think so many people knew.” “I was two years below you, everyone in school heard rumours...” You trailed off and looked away. “I’m sorry.” You felt a gentle hand on your shoulder and turned slightly to look up into Newt’s gentle expression. “It’s quite alright.” “Thank you." You murmured, racking your brain for a change of topic. "My sister told me you worked at the ministry, that you were writing a book? She works there too, broom regulation." Newt nodded. "Um yes. A book about magical beasts, I've been travelling in the summer time to gather information. I've seen some truly fascinating creatures..." He trailed off, though his eyes still sparkled brightly. "I think I can guess why you're here then." You chuckled, gesturing for him to follow you. "Your book sounds fascinating. Once I've finished the morning feeding you really should tell me more about it." Newt didn't say anything, just followed you looking flustered. You turned and smiled at him apologetically. "Sorry if I'm too much. I haven't spoken to anyone other than ministry inspectors in a long time. Apart from a poacher I hexed anyway. Do tell me to be quiet if I'm bothering you." "Oh no it’s quite alright." He smiled back at you, the twinkle reaching his eyes. "Normally I'm the one who talks too much." You laughed and ducked into a small stone building, retrieving one of the buckets of fish you kept on ice. You handed it over to Newt and pointed at shimmering patch of sky a few feet to his left. "Through the veil. I'll be right behind you, just need to lock up." You watched as Newt disappeared, pulling the door of the stone hut closed before following him. Through the other side you almost ran into his back. Grinning broadly you stepped to the side, revelling in his wonder at the sight before him. In a magically warmed lagoon a blue and green tail splashed out of the water, shortly followed by the gilled head of the Hippocampus you had rescued as a tadfoal and had never left you since. "Meet Triton." You grinned, stepping past Newt and kneeling in the grass beside the lagoon. Newt took a few steps forwards, kneeling beside you with a grin as he held out his hand towards the hippocamp who blew water out of his nostrils at the stranger. You couldn't help but giggle. "He's gorgeous." Newt breathed. "Isn't he just?" You agreed, smiling broadly. "Want to do the honours?" You held out a fish to him, which he took with a quiet murmur of thanks and held out towards Triton palm flat in the way you're taught to feed horses. The Hippocampus snatched it from him, turquoise dappled face flexing as he chewed happily. You sat back and watched the stranger and the equine interact, occasionally tossing a fish into the water for later. After the bucket was empty Triton lingered for a while to bask in the attention the new man gave him. When he finally got bored and disappeared beneath the water again you turned and smiled at Newt. "Stay for a cup of tea?" "I'd love to." Chapter 34 : Chest Pains [Sherlock x Reader] Summary: SERIOUS TRIGGER WARNING FOR EATING DISORDERS, SPECIFICALLY BULIMIA. Please be careful guys. This is a very personal piece of writing, because I needed ir (or rather, need it). You padded quietly up the stairs from your room on the lower floor of the building, rubbing your chest gently. You’d been helping the boys with their case, but it hadn’t been going so well. Sherlock got it in the end, but not before another person had died. It had taken its toll on you. As you entered the room John looked up at you and frowned, concern evident on his face. “Y/N, you okay?” He asked, nodding towards where you were still rubbing your chest. “Yeah. Chest is just a bit sore, might be coming down with something. Do we have a new case?” You answered, trying to change the subject as a sharper pain lanced through you. “Take her to a hospital.” You turned to glance at Sherlock, he hadn’t even looked up from the paper he was reading. “It’s nothing Sherlock really. Probably just from the stress of the case. Or I could have hurt myself yesterday… ” You trailed off, seeing his eyebrow arch. Apparently he could tell you were grasping at straws for excuses. “Bulimia and chest pains are rarely nothing. And you had quite the bad day yesterday.” Watson spluttered out a surprised cough from beside you. “Don’t be daft.” “How did you know?” You asked quietly, not lifting your gaze from Sherlock’s face. You didn’t dare look at John, didn’t want to see the judgement on his face. “Scars on the knuckles, could be fighting but the scarring is localised to the first and middle fingers leading me to believe you used to use your fingers to stimulate your gag reflex. The scars are old, so you don’t do that anymore. I thought perhaps you were recovered, but the swelling around your jaw and lymph nodes suggests otherwise, means that the bulimia has been around for quite some time. As does the teeth sensitivity.” “And the bad day?” You grit your teeth. “Your voice is rougher than usual, you may be coming down with a cold but I think it was the acid. And I saw the receipts in your purse, multiple purchases from multiple supermarkets around London, with several items of food on each, plus two receipts for all you can eat buffets. When was the last time you had your electrolytes checked, particularly your potassium?” By now you were truly angry, your hands clenching into fists. “You went in my bag?” Sherlock waved it off, his hand swirling around in the air as if swatting a fly. “I was confirming my suspicions. Your cheeks were particularly puffy yesterday and you had small broken blood vessels around your eyes.” You risked a look at John. Thankfully you didn’t the judgment and disgust you had feared. It was almost worse. His face was a map of worry lines and complete shock. You winced, looking away again towards the floor, your arms folded solidly across your chest. “I’m not going to hospital.” It was petulant you knew, but it didn’t matter. “We’re going to St Bart’s, if you refuse to seek help from the staff then Watson will draw blood and I’ll use to morgue to check your electrolyte levels. I’m sure Molly would be pleased to see you, she seems to enjoy your company.” Sherlock’s tone was firm, the kind you knew meant that no matter what argument you came out with he wouldn’t budge. Even Mycroft couldn’t make him do something when he used that tone of voice. But that wouldn’t stop you trying. “I’m not-“ “No arguments.” Sherlock grabbed your arm, dragging you in the direction of the door and cutting you off. You didn’t have any option but to follow him, he was stronger than you in any case and right now you didn’t feel like you had the strength to fight a puppy let alone the tall man in front of you. Besides, he was right and you knew it. Things hadn’t been good for a while, the break up and the stress of the last few cases, you’d had more than a couple of bad days, and the weakness and cramping in your limbs was screaming at you to get checked out. When the taxi finally arrived at St Bartholomew’s Hospital (Sherlock had ignored your protests that you were perfectly capable of walking there and John, damn him, had sided with the detective) they whisked you down to the morgue. “Afternoon Molly.” The pretty young morgue worker looked up in surprise, glancing between the three of you in confusion. “Sherlock? There haven’t been any new bodies today…” “Of course not.” He dismissed, heading towards the drawers of medical equipment and computers. He pulled out a needle and some of the sample vials used for taking blood, handing them to Watson while you watched irritably. “John, draw some blood while I set this up.” “Y/N sit down and roll up your sleeve.” John murmured, turning to you with an elastic tourniquet in his hand. You didn’t move, still reluctant to admit something was wrong. “Sit. Down.” You sat, rolling up your sleeve and presenting your right arm to him. Experience had taught you that the veins were best there. Molly hovered around, still confused. “John, Y/N, what’s going on?” She asked softly. “We’re giving Y/N a blood test. Need to check her electrolytes.” Sherlock answered shortly as John tied off your arm and slid the needle in. You watched in silence as the vial filled, not wanting to look at Molly. She was kind to you, a friend as much as the boys were, and the worry in her voice hurt. You never wanted to hurt your friends, hated seeing them worry about you. It was one of the reasons you had never admitted your problem to them. That and shame, puking your guts up on a regular basis was disgusting and you knew it. “Y/N, what’s going on?” Molly asked softly, the scrape of the stool against the floor signifying her taking a seat next to you. “Why are we running electrolytes here? There’s a whole hospital upstairs you know.” “I didn’t want to waste their time. I’m just feeling a bit off, Sherlock is worrying about nothing.” You glanced up and smiled at her. She didn’t believe you, you could tell from the way her brow furrowed and she worried her bottom lip between her teeth. You weren’t surprised, you wouldn’t have believed you either. Sherlock and worrying about nothing were two things that didn’t go together. But you were stubborn and ashamed and lying seemed easier. Molly placed a hand on your arm, glancing up to where Sherlock was running the samples through the biochemistry analyser. “Want a cup of tea? We aren’t really supposed to have drinks in here but as long as you don’t spill it I won’t tell anyone.” She asked finally, giving you a worried smile. “Thanks Molly. See this is why you’re my favourite. Sherlock never makes me tea.” You smiled back, more genuine this time. Over at the analyser Sherlock grunted irritably. With a nod Molly disappeared, returning a few minutes later with tea in one of those takeaway cups with a lid. You thanked her, taking the cup and sipping from it. While the programme ran the two of you chatted, talking about Molly’s life and whether she had met any cute guys. You’d been trying to set her up with a former school friend of yours for a while but things never seemed to pan out. In turn she was always talking about cute doctors she knew that you might like. Her efforts never made any leeway either, but it was fun, and it was nice for you to have a female friend again after so long. And nice for you to talk about girly things with someone who actually cared. There was Mary too of course, though with the baby you saw her less often than ever. Finally the computer beeped, drawing your attention away from your conversation. The room was eerily silent for a few moments before Sherlock spoke. “Molly, can any of your colleagues arrange for a bed?" "No.” You snapped. “We had an agreement. I’m refusing to be admitted.” “You need-” He started. “No. I’m not staying here when there’s work to do. None of you have the power to section me.” You folded your arms defiantly. “Y/N!” Sherlock snapped, stalking from the monitor to tower over you. “You have a potassium level of 2.4, you are at risk of cardiac arrest if you don’t bring that level up fast.” “I don’t have time to be ill.” You argued back. “Just feed me SandoK and I’ll be fine.” “It’s not enough. You need a potassium chloride drip.” John said softly. “It would only be an overnight admission.” “I don’t have-” You started but you were cut off by Sherlock gripping your shoulders tightly, fingers digging almost painfully into the skin there. “I don’t have time for you to be dead.” He snapped, voice the deadly tone of calm that meant he’d bypassed the yelling with anger stage entirely. “I am not going to let you continue to put your life at risk.” His shoulders sagged a little and his voice went quiet. “I would miss you.” Molly coughed quietly. “I could pull some strings. Help you get what you need to treat her at home. I’d need to know your weight…” She trailed off as she saw your face go pale. “What’s really going on?” “Can I tell you another time?” You asked weakly. Molly nodded and went with John to get the potassium infusion and a drip, leaving you alone with Sherlock in the morgue. “You’re not supposed to care so much.” You muttered to him. “And yet I do.” He brought a hand up to stroke your cheek as he spoke, voice soft and contemplative. “Maybe you are human after all.” You looked up at him, smiling wryly. “I’m sorry. Thank you Sherlock.” “I don’t have time for you to be dead. Besides John would kill me if he knew I suspected something was wrong and allowed you to continue as you were. Especially if something happened. He’s fond of you too.” Sherlock glanced over towards the door. “You can aid me in looking through some clients later, while you have the drip. Practice your deductive skills.” You nodded. “Thank you. Again. For taking care of me.” “What else would I do? I care about you.” He murmured, dipping his head slightly towards yours. You inhaled, wondering whether you dared lean up towards him or if you’d mistaken his actions. It didn’t matter in the end, thanks to John Watson and his incredible timing. Sherlock nodded towards the door. “It seems it’s time for us to leave.” He wrapped his arm around you, gently leading you towards the door. Chapter 35 : Auras [Doctor Strange x Reader] You stumbled through the streets of Greenwich Village, starting to panic. There was someone, or something, following you. You were alone and lost in what was clearly the wrong part of town no matter how fancy it looked. You took another turn, ducking into an alleyway in the hopes of losing your tail. You crouched behind a dumpster trying to hide. It didn't work. The man stepped into the alley. Only it wasn't a man, it couldn't be. The limbs were too long, its fingers looked like claws and, as the light hit its face, you could see lizard like features and too many, too sharp teeth. You started to back away, tears pricking at your eyes as you wrestled with the pockets of your coat, pulling out the can of mace you kept on you. With a triumphant cry you sprayed the thing, tensing ready to sprint away as it crumpled to the floor. But it didn't crumple, it roared in fury and its shadow started to write as it came towards you. This was it, you thought, you were going to die in an alleyway at the hands of a lizard monster. It couldn't get any more unbelievable if it tried. Bracing yourself to fight you idly wondered if there would even be anything left of you for your sister to bury. At least your mother's mind was too addled to really grasp it. But if you were going down no matter how terrified you were you were not going to let this thing have it easy. You raised your fists, making fists like your brother had shown you before everything. Apparently you had been wrong about things not getting any more unbelievable. Because a man in a Goddamn cape appeared behind the creature. An actual damn Cape. He started waving his hands about and then everything just went weird. The buildings started to move, shielding you as a blast of light and a lot of garbled noise came out of the other side. You scrabbled for grip on the walls as you leveraged yourself to look through a small gap in the brickwork where the walls had moved, whatever was going on on the other side of this was just strange. It looked like a fight, only a fight using rave lights, thankfully for you the dude in the cape was winning. And you could swear you recognised him from somewhere. You racked your brains as you watched, until finally in a flash of light the creature vanished and you had to release your grip from the wall as it started to shift again. As the man came into view again, stepping closer to you, it finally clicked. You knew exactly who he was. “That’s the second time you’ve saved me. In a manner of speaking.” He looked mildly puzzled until you held up your hand, showing him the thick scar down your arm and wiggling your fingers. "Without you I don't think I'd still be able to do this. Never could thank you enough for that." You glanced at his own hand. "I heard about... I'm really sorry." Steven Strange looked down at his scarred hand, holding it perfectly still in front of him. “I’ve found other avenues for my considerable skill.” You smiled a little weakly, looking around the alley. “Yeah, what the hell was that? Because it looked like magic, but that isn’t real.” Opposite you the doctors brows knitted into a frown and you studied the lines of his face, you remembered him from the hospital and he’d been handsome then, but since then he’d aged. It suited him well really, the greying at the temples looked dignified and damn attractive, rather than making him look aged, and whatever he was doing with this weirdness his body seemed more toned than it had once been. It was only the snapping of his fingers by your face that brought you out of your musing. "You seem to be in shock. Maybe you should go to a hospital." He murmured, studying your face intently. "I can't really afford that right now. Anyway I'm fine, I was thinking." You smiled at him, shaking the last of your thoughts out of your mind. "What was that anyway?" "Something you shouldn't have been able to see." He mused, glancing back out towards the street. "That particular breed of monster isn't usually visible by those without magical sensitivity." You arched an eyebrow. "Magic? Someone must have slipped something in my coffee because I have got to be hallucinating right now." Steven held out a hand. "I assure you that you are not. I think you should come with me." You stared completely dumbstruck until you felt a pressure on your back. Glancing down you saw the cape was trying to push you forwards, taking an uneasy step forwards you looked back up at the man and his slightly embarrassed smile. "Sorry, it has a mind of its own." "This is all so strange. Pun not intended." You muttered, taking the Doctor's hand and following him towards Bleeker Street. The Sanctum Santorum as he called it was an impressive building. You could have sat and stared at the architecture outside for hours of you were honest, it was all so beautiful. Going inside only gave you more to marvel at, there were relics in glass cases and windows that seemed to lead to several places at once. Never in your wildest dreams could you have thought up something as impressive as this, and yet here it was in what you were pretty sure was reality. It was lasting way too long to be a bad trip, and you could touch the things. Besides Stephen was beside you and could describe the relics and doors just as you saw them. No, this was real and it was completely impossible. "So... this is... I mean... magic is real?!" You spluttered finally. "Yes." He was staring out the window onto a scene of snow and ice. "And I think you have some." You glanced down at your scarred arm. "No. Crazy I have in spades, I don't think I could have anything magical about me." He turned and smiled at you. "Let me show you something." He brought a hand up to your face and pressed two fingers to your forehead, for a moment you felt like you were falling and then everything came back to normal. You were looking at your body. What the actual hell? Steven closed his eyes and moments later a near-translucent blue shape was floating in front of you. It was Steven. "What on earth is happening?" You whispered, staring in shock at your body. "Astral projection." He smiled, holding out his hand. "Follow me." "Again?" He just nodded, grabbing a hold of your hand and leading you through the sanctum. Reluctantly you allowed him to pull you along, staring intently at the walls and the relics, they all seemed different like this, there were colours and energies around them. Finally you stopped outside on the street and Steven gestured at people as they walked past. "Tell me what you see." He murmured. You turned your head to frown at him. "What?" "Look at these people. Tell me what you notice about them." He repeated. "They come with colours. They're like auras." You murmured. "Wait, what on earth is on that woman?!" You gestured towards a pretty blonde with a strange looking shape at her back. "Ah, it's a kind of parasite. Mostly harmless." He responded. "They feed off emotions, that particular kind eats sadness." "Why are you showing me this?" You asked quietly. "Because it proves I was right." He smiled. "You have magic in you. You wouldn't be able to see those things if you didn't." You turned to look at him, frowning thoughtfully. "Okay, so say I believe you that I have magic. What use is that to me? I mean, I don't think I can really use it and I don't think calling myself a witch will pay the bills. I'm not one of the Avengers." "I can teach you how to use magic. I had to learn too once, as much as it pains me to admit I wasn't instantly brilliant." He chuckled. "Besides, I could use some more company. And your empathy might be useful." Weeks later you were progressing well. You could make portals and knew several basic defensive spells. You were still no match for Stephen, not by miles, but you had taken to magic quite well given your initial scepticism. You'd watched Stephen change as well, he'd warmed to you more, and you'd learnt a lot more about him, about his past and how he'd learned to be the sorcerer he was. He wasn't always quite as arrogant as he had first seemed when you'd met him back in the hospital and his knowledge of music was outstanding. You still tried to catch him out every now and again, but it hadn't worked yet. His aura had changed too, warming as time progressed. "You're doing well." He grinned as you deflected one of his staff blows with a green shield. "But you're relying too heavily on magic. You need to practice your real hand to hand combat." You grunted, sweeping out a leg towards him, trying to catch him off balance. Instead he caught your foot with his staff and you started tumbling backwards, instinctively you reached out and grabbed for his tunic, the momentum of your fall enough to tug him off balance and bring him crashing to the ground on top of you. "Well, this is awkward." You panted, chest on fire from the air being knocked out of your lungs. "I think you won. Again." "Call it a draw." He wheezed, rolling off you and laying on his back. "Maybe we should take a break." "Sounds good to me." You agreed, trying hard not to think about the way his body had felt on top of yours. Gods you wanted to feel that again, preferably without the fighting and all the layers of clothes. You needed to not think about that too hard, your face was already flushing a deeper shade of red than the exertion had given you. A few minutes passed as you both tried to get your breathing under control, and you fought hard to try and think of anything but the images currently flooding your mind. You especially didn't need to be remembering that time you'd accidentally run into him leaving the shower you scolded yourself. It was Stephen that broke the silence finally. "You really are getting much better." His voice was full of praise. "You're a fast learner." You rolled slightly, propping yourself up on one elbow. "I had a great teacher." Stephen rolled up onto one elbow too, a movement which put him well within your personal bubble. The genuine smile and proximity made your cheeks flush a little. "I'd like to think I'm more than just a good teacher." "Alright, you're a handsome one too." The words were out of your mouth before your brain had properly checked them over for idiocy. Your cheeks started to burn. "I was going to say friend, but handsome works too." He smirked, leaning just a little further forwards so his breath ghosted your cheek. "I've been hoping to hear you admit that for a while." He murmured, before closing the gap and pressing his lips against yours.