Rey Summary: Rey prepares for Gryffindor Quidditch try-outs. Rey twisted off the corner of her muffin and ate it, pushing her thumb against her teeth distractedly. She didn't usually waste a meal – especially not at Hogwarts, where the food was loads better than what she ate at home - but she wasn't hungry. "Today's the big day." "I know." Rey scowled at Finn when he reached past her for syrup to pour over his waffles. Unlike her, he wasn't having any trouble eating. Or talking. "I thought you'd be more excited," he said, cutting through two waffles on his plate and dragging a link of sausage through the syrup. "Quidditch try-outs are all you've been going on about. For months." Rey ignored him. She couldn't even pretend to want to eat now, and she dropped her hands to her lap and rubbed them along her trousers. "Are you nervous?" Finn sounded like he wanted to laugh. Rey glared at him. "No." "You are ," he leaned forward to brace his elbows on his table and grinned at her. "I've never seen you nervous before." "I'm not nervous." She'd had her eye on being the Gryffindor Seeker since… she knew what a Seeker was. But this was the first year she felt like she really had a chance. She had to use a school broom, an old Nimbus, because she couldn't afford her own, but she had a knack for flying. That's what Poe Dameron said when he saw her on the pitch last year, practicing by herself. He was the Hufflepuff Captain – and all-around best Chaser in school, everyone said he could go pro if he wanted to - and he was the one who told her she should try out. "Hey." Rey felt a hand on hers, stilling her fingers against her lap. She glanced at Finn, whose amusement softened into reassurance, "You're going to be brilliant, Rey." "Thanks." She gave a small smile in response. "Can I have my hand back?" Finn squeezed her fingers briefly before he let go. Balancing eggs on a tower of waffles was a two-hand job, and while he dug through breakfast Rey watched the door to the Great Hall. Students filtered in and out sleepily, in various states of (un)dress. Saturday was a lazy day for most of them. Lucky , she thought wryly, propping her chin up with one hand. "Hey Rey," she straightened at the sound of her own name and turned towards the voice. She glanced up – past the robes and loosely knotted Hufflepuff tie - and saw the smiling face of Poe Dameron. Tall, athletic, with wavy dark brown hair and a strong jaw, personality to match, no wonder he was the muse for many an attempted love potion. "Poe. I was just thinking about you." He had the kind of open expression that made you want to smile in return. "I'm flattered," he replied, and clapped her friend on the shoulder warmly. "Morning, Finn." Rey started to say more but Finn choked on a mouthful of egg, and she had to lean over and give him three hard swats on the back until he hiccuped once and recovered, gasping for air. "You okay there?" Poe sounded concerned. Finn just nodded, back facing the Hufflepuff Captain as he wiped at his watering eyes. He reached for his pumpkin juice, coughing into the rim of the goblet while trying to swallow. Rey raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything until Finn gestured at her to 'go on' while he caught his breath. She turned back to Poe, straddling the bench she was sitting on so she could face him. "Do you need something?" "I just wanted to wish you luck today," he was talking about Gryffindor try-outs, "Although from what I've seen, you won't need it." "Thanks," Rey replied, rewarding Poe with one of her rare full dimpled smiles, "But are you sure you should be rooting for the competition?" Poe laughed. "Absolutely," he assured her, "I want my team to go up against the best." Rey liked that answer. She liked Poe. Now there was somebody she'd miss next year. "And we're all in it for love of the game, right?" She nodded. "Right." A trio of Hufflepuffs called out to Poe from across the room, two boys and a girl, and he waved. "Let me know how things go, Rey." "I will," she said, and meant it, "Good luck to you, too. Are yours today?" "Tomorrow. Cheers." With an amicable duck of his head, he turned to leave. "Good to see you Rey, Finn." " Gootaseeyou ," Finn blurted out in reply, determined to get at least one word in (or four words truncated into one) now that he'd caught his breath. Poe smiled in response. Rey waited until he was gone to glance amusedly at Finn. He was watching Poe walk away with something that looked very much like admiration in his eyes. "Smooth," she remarked casually, "I don't think he noticed at all." "Noticed what?" Finn wasn't even paying attention to her. "Nothing." She brushed nonexistent crumbs from her half-eaten muffin off her bottom lip to hide her smile. "Okay." Finn accepted her response distractedly, and a moment later he turned back to the table. "He's brilliant, isn't he?" "Who?" "Poe Dameron." He looked at Rey as if to say, 'who else?' Well, five minutes ago she was the brilliant one, so... "I heard he's got a spot guaranteed with the Montrose Magpies after this year." "I thought Puddlemere wanted him." "They do. Everybody does," Finn replied earnestly, "He's one hell of a flier, he'll have his pick of the league." Again, if he decided to go professional. Rumor had it that Dameron was poised to turn down more than one contract - each worth thousands of galleons - because he wanted to go into Magical Law Enforcement. Rey thought that sounded crazy. Why would anybody give up that much money for a thankless job at the Ministry? Not that she had a lot of options. Rey didn't know what she was going to do when she left Hogwarts. Her O.W.L.s were supposed to help her make that decision, but she wasn't looking forward to that. She was worried about them. What if her results were so dreadful she couldn't take N.E.W.T. classes? What if they sent her back to the Muggle world? Rey picked up her unfinished muffin and tore off a large chunk. She could see the letter now. It would read something like, 'So sorry, we made a mistake, you don't deserve to be here. Ta.' in scrawling calligraphy, recited so precisely and judiciously there'd be no appealing the decision. She could always go back to Stoke-on-Trent, to scavenging for scraps, waiting on- "Rey." "What?" Finn held up his hands in mock surrender. "Sorry," his confused apology made her sigh, and the anxiety receded behind regret. She didn't mean to snap at him. "I just said, you're pulverizing that poor muffin." He was right. Rey glanced down at her hands where she'd torn her bit of pastry into a hundred little pieces, crumbs covering her white trousers. "Oh," she muttered, embarrassed, and she stood up and quickly dusted herself off. "I'm a little distracted." "About try-outs?" She shook her head and mumbled, "It's nothing." She didn't want to talk about it. "Okay." Finn didn't believe her but he didn't push, which was one of the things she liked about him. "I'm going to head down to the pitch," Rey decided aloud, giving him a quick, forced smile, "And get some practice laps in." Finn didn't ask if she wanted company because he knew that she didn't. "I'll see you later?" "Ten o'clock," he confirmed, "Wouldn't miss it." Rey left the Great Hall to get some air, pushing through the great oak doors into the Entrance Hall. It was empty and quiet, except for the hushed voices of two girls sitting on the bottom of the Grand Staircase - one was crying into a crumpled up copy of The Daily Prophet - and the sounds of grumbling portraits who'd hoped for a couple more hours of sleep. Rey crossed the hall and stepped outside into the quad, wrapping her arms around herself as a gust of wind blew across the stone and through brown hair, whipping strands out of her ponytail and into her face. She really loved it here. The castle was beautiful, hundreds of years old and full of history, of memory. The grounds were so green. She'd never seen so many trees in her life. Where she used to live, where she'd lived her whole life, it was nothing but bare land, smoggy skies against brown grass, and giant piles of rubbish and brick and dirt from all the demolitions. So many places had been torn down or abandoned. And it was strange that knowing all of this, how lucky she was to be here, Hogwarts still reminded her of home. Or rather, it reminded her of everything home wasn't ... and of what she left behind. Of being left behind and wanting to be found. Rey had found a family of sorts. She had her classmates, her housemates, she had Finn , and the professors. And she was grateful for them, for not having to grow up alone with this... magic she didn't understand. But her real family, her birth family, she still thought about them every day. Not all day every day, of course, and she was happy here but- every day something would remind her of them. And she would wonder if this was the year - the month, the day - they'd come back to Stoke-on-Trent, looking for her. How would they know where to find her now? "What do we have here?" Oh bloody hell . Rey spun around, right hand brushing her hip where she knew she had her wand. There he was. "Solo." She'd recognize that mop of black hair anywhere. He stood in the threshold between the castle and the quad, flanked by three other Slytherins whose names she didn't remember. "What do you want?" He raised a brow and replied quietly, "To talk, of course." "Not interested," Rey said flatly, relaxing her right hand slightly when she noticed that he hadn't drawn his wand. "You haven't even heard my proposal yet." He sounded downright civil. Rey knew better. She pretended to consider that for a moment, then repeated, "Not. Interested." She couldn't stand Ben Solo. He was two years older than her – in seventh year – but she figured out he was a creepy git ages ago. She could hardly imagine what Hogwarts would be like without him lurking around, but she was looking forward to it. Good riddance. The two of them hadn't always been on bad terms. Rey barely remembered Ben Solo in her first year at Hogwarts – because he was a third year in another house – but he didn't seem so bad then. He was a bit cocky, a bit sullen, and everyone coddled him because his parents were famous. His mum – a Gryffindor, like Rey - came from a long line of pureblood witches, and she was a high-ranking official in the Ministry of Magic. But Solo started to change, and then by his fifth year he was singling her out. Rey didn't know why. Because she was muggleborn? Because she stood up to him when he bullied Finn? That alone would've been enough to get him on her bad side. Finn was her best friend, and the first person she met at Hogwarts. They were in the same boat (literally) during the crossing from Hogsmeade Station to the castle, and she remembered how irritated she was because he kept trying to hold her hand every time he thought he saw something in the Black Lake. She warmed up to him after that, and now they were almost inseparable. One of Solo's cronies made the mistake of snorting to cover his amusement, and remembering that he had an audience made Solo clench his teeth, jaw stiffening and shoulders tight. She saw in his eyes a glimpse of that anger that boiled just underneath the surface. "Skywalker's little pet thinks she's too good to talk to me," he said, seemingly addressing his 'friends' but watching her. They laughed then, seemingly in unison, though she didn't see what was so funny. Solo wasn't laughing either. "You do realize that's not actually an insult, right?" It wasn't the first time he'd called her that, and he spit the words scornfully but the offense was lost on her. "Professor Skywalker is one of the greatest wizards in the world," as an Auror, he was a legend, "And we are lucky to be mentored by him." He had been named Head of the Auror Office when he was only twenty-eight, and in the last three years he'd taken over as the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. He also advised the Dueling Club. He was her favorite professor. "How do you know that?" Solo demanded, "Did you read it in a book somewhere?" "What's that supposed to mean?" "You have no idea what it is to be a great wizard." "Why?" she challenged, narrowing her eyes at him, "Because I'm muggleborn? Is that what you're getting at?" Because she wasn't born into the magical world, she didn't know what she was talking about? "Yes." And he blinked at her with those big dark eyes. What a wanker. "What I know doesn't come from a book," Rey didn't do a lot of reading, honestly. In five years she'd been to the library two and a half times. The classes she excelled in most were the ones she got hands-on practice in. She always learned better by doing, "It comes from Professor Skywalker," being an Auror was a notoriously difficult job - very elite - with training that took years to master. There were very few witches and wizards who were ever qualified to be one of them. "And he knows a lot more than you do." "Don't be so sure." Solo held up a hand to keep his followers at bay so that when he stepped forward into the crisp September air, he was alone. He lowered his voice until only she could hear him when he said, "I can teach you things that Skywalker couldn't dream of." "I don't care." "You are lying." "How would you know?" Solo stared at her until it made her uncomfortable. And when Rey got uncomfortable, she got defensive. "I'm busy," and that was the truth, she had a lot of things on her mind and none of them had to do with him . "Leave me alone." Rey was the first to drop her gaze, under the pretense of stepping back. And then she turned her back on him - so he couldn't see her fingers brush the tip of her wand comfortingly, just in case he tried something dirty - and walked away. "I know you, Rey," he called after her, "You'll want what I have to offer." "No," she muttered under her breath, without giving him the satisfaction of hearing a retort, "You don't know me at all." Chapter 2 : Finn Summary: Finn tries to catch up to Rey, and ends up cornered by Ben. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I should've gone after her. Finn's conscience got the better of his stomach, and he hesitated midway through slathering jam on a slice of toast. Rey didn't ask him to come with her – and getting on a broom was a pretty good indicator that she wanted to be alone - but she seemed upset and it had nothing to do with Quidditch try-outs. He decided to go check on her so he stood up, swallowing the last mouthful of pumpkin juice before he set his empty goblet down – it immediately refilled itself – and stepped away from the table. He walked out of the Great Hall, rounded the staircase, and nearly collided with Ben Solo. Behind him were two Slytherin students he didn't know, and one he did. The ginger with the hard blue eyes, that was Nines – it was the nickname he'd had when they were younger, taken from the number on the Quidditch jersey he wore whenever they scrimmaged – and Finn bit back a curse when they saw him. He retreated a half-step in surprise, and still felt dwarfed in height next to Solo. He easily cleared six feet, probably closer to six foot three, and Finn was only a couple inches taller than Rey. He swallowed nervously and wished he'd ducked somewhere – anywhere, in the caretaker's office or behind a suit of armor – to avoid them. "You." "And you," Finn replied awkwardly, nodding to Solo slightly, "Sorry. I'm just…" he gestured past the Slytherins, towards the archway into the courtyard which seemed kilometers away now that they stood between him and where he needed to go, "…leaving." He took three steps and no one stopped him, but just as Finn started to think he'd managed to avoid- "Sorry?" That was Nines, repeating the word bitterly, "That's all you have to say for yourself?" "Pretty much," Finn muttered in response, and then inwardly kicked himself for saying that aloud. " Traitor ." Finn glared at Nines, and annoyance emboldened him despite being outnumbered. Four-to-one wouldn't have been good odds under the best of circumstances, and he didn't like to fight losing battles. "I wasn't saying 'sorry' for that." " Petrificus Totalus! " The spell struck Finn and his arms snapped together, legs and spine stiffened. His eyes widened, his body swayed, and Solo stepped forward, pressing his wand into Finn's chest. He muttered another spell and pushed the paralyzed Finn back against the wall, the soles of his shoes scraping against the stone helplessly. Solo stood over him, dragging the tip of his wand from the chest to the throat. "I will make you very sorry, traitor," he said in a low voice, syllables enunciated with care, "The First Order does not tolerate disloyalty." The spell clamped Finn's jaw shut so he couldn't speak. He couldn't even flinch at the mention of the 'First Order', but Solo could probably read the fear in his eyes. Finn had never confided this in Rey, not all of it. She knew he'd been raised by an extended family, that he had never known his parents. But she didn't know how he had been raised: discipline, obedience, devotion to the First Order above all else. It was all he'd been taught; it was all he knew for eleven years. He and Slip, Nines, Zeroes, sons of old tight-knit wizarding families that shared a certain ideology and felt themselves alienated by the progressive policies of the Ministry of Magic. Together they had gone to Platform 9¾ and taken the Hogwarts Express to Hogsmeade. One after another, they were Sorted into Slytherin. He was expected to follow suit. He had been told it was in his blood. But the Sorting Hat saw something different in him. He looked out over the sea of faces, crowding four long tables decorated with house banners suspended in the air. He noticed the girl from the boat. The Sorting Hat asked him how sure he was that Slytherin was the house for him, and Finn hesitated. He couldn't think of a single reason that was his own. Nobody had ever told him he could be something else. Finn was as surprised as anyone when the Hat cried out, ' GRYFFINDOR! ' and for a time he tried to maintain those old friendships. For his first three years at Hogwarts, he attempted to balance both the expectations of his family and… his housemates, his new friends. But the more time he spent with them, with Rey and Poe, the more he realized that wasn't who he wanted to be. Something was wrong with the First Order, with what he'd been taught to believe, to value, to want. He made a choice. He told himself he didn't regret it. " Ben! " Finn's gaze darted in the direction of the voice, and he saw Professor Skywalker. His eyes rolled back briefly in relief. Thank Merlin . He was actually starting to get worried. "Lower your wand and step away from him." Finn glanced back to Solo, whose lips trembled with a curse on the tip of his tongue. His nostrils flared with rage and he unconsciously tightened the hold on his wand, shoving it into Finn's Adam's apple. Suddenly, the tickling pressure against his throat disappeared and Solo withdrew, pivoting to face the professor with his arms at his sides. " Finite Incantatem ." Finn gasped against the wall as Skywalker cast the counter curse, and he leaned his head back against the stone, raising one hand to rub at his sore neck. "Detention, Mr. Solo." Skywalker strode towards them and tucked his wand out of sight, somewhere in the folds of his beige robes. In his mid-forties with a graying beard and mustache, he wasn't a physically imposing wizard and yet, still managed to command the respect of his students. Most of his students, at least. "And unless the three of you wish to join him, I suggest that you make yourselves scarce." Two of the three retreated without hesitation, but Nines waited until Solo gave the barest nod of dismissal. Professor Skywalker turned to him. "Are you alright?" Finn felt himself instinctively straightening under the intensity of that blue-eyed gaze. He nodded in response. "Yes, sir." "Then you are free to go." "Thank you, Professor." Finn didn't need to be told twice, and he wasn't curious enough to linger in order to hear the exchange that followed. He just wanted to put as much space as he could between himself and Ben Solo. Notes: Thank you for the kudos, comments, and hits. The feedback is appreciated :D :D You are wonderful people! Chapter 3 : Kylo Ren Summary: Kylo Ren confronts his uncle, Luke Skywalker, and meditates on things to come. "My office. Now. " Skywalker must have been angry if he couldn't even bring himself to form full sentences. Kylo Ren pressed his lips together and followed the old man to the second-floor corridor. His black robes – clasped shut with a silver serpent's head inset with two emeralds - were pristine next to Skywalker's own clothes, and in his very bearing he felt superior to his former mentor. He stepped into the office and noticed it had changed little over the summer. White stone walls remained unadorned save for a series of antique hooks on which to hang his robes, three chairs and a desk – all carved from mulberry wood – served as a centerpiece, and behind the desk was one bookshelf and several chests, a wardrobe in the corner, unopened. Light shone through narrow windows slotted into the stone and the iron chandelier above his head was lit as well. There were no shadows here. Skywalker indicated the chair in front of him but Kylo made no move towards it. "I prefer to stand." "Sit down, Ben." "That's not my name." Skywalker bowed his head briefly, hands resting on top of his desk, fingers loosely intertwined. He seemed tired. Weak . But his gaze was firm and unyielding when he looked at Kylo again. "It is the name your mother gave you, and it is the name I will continue to use." His tongue moved behind his teeth, lips tightening against words he wanted to say but wouldn't. "Not something you've invented for yourself." Kylo Ren bristled. I didn't invent it . It was given to him by a wizard who knew him better than Leia ever did. And soon he would shed the last of 'Ben Solo' and everyone would know him by his true name . Kylo Ren would obliviate all memory of 'Ben Solo' and what he had been, where he had come from. "I will not tell you again: sit down ." He sat – but sullenly, arms crossed tightly against his chest and expression defiant – and glared across the desk at Skywalker. Seemingly unperturbed by his student's glower, the professor picked up his quill and dipped it into a black ink well. He scratched out a brief missive on a piece of parchment and ignored Kylo Ren, which infuriated him. The Slytherin seventh year shifted irritably in his seat for nearly a minute – until the disregard proved too much to bear in silence. "What am I doing here?" Kylo demanded impatiently, leaning forward to brace his forearms on his thighs. He stared intently at Skywalker, willing the older wizard to look at him. He did not. "You will serve detention with Professor San Tekka," Kylo scoffed audibly in response but Skywalker spoke over him, "Report to the Astronomy Tower at seven o'clock on Monday evening." "You are punishing me for no reason." The quill stilled. Skywalker finally looked up at him. "You cursed a classmate, Ben." "He disrespected me-" The professor cut off Kylo's defense without raising his voice, "You do not use magic against your peers outside of the dueling arena, no exceptions." "That is your rule, not mine ." "That is the rule that you will abide by. You are not above school regulations." " I should be! " He lost his temper and lurched forward, gripping the edge of Skywalker's desk with both hands. His knuckles whitened and fingertips trembled with the effort it took not to draw his wand and prove to his uncle that this was beneath him. "I don't answer to you, Skywalker." "Who do you answer to?" Kylo realized what he'd said and uncertainty flickered across his face. The rage retreated behind his mask and he swallowed, releasing the desk and curling his fingers into fists at his sides. "No one." Skywalker's piercing gaze softened in a way that Kylo found intolerable. He couldn't meet those eyes and he sank back into his chair, desperate to put some space between himself and the Auror. "You are so angry, Ben," he murmured, each word heavy with regret - or was it pity? Kylo hated pity - and care, "Why?" He said nothing. "You have a family that loves you-" "They're afraid of me-" "That is not true." Kylo wasn't listening. "That's why they sent you here, Skywalker," he snapped, a knowing smirk curling up the edges of his lips. Did they think he was stupid? That he wouldn't figure it out? What a grand coincidence it was that just when he started to come into his own, 'Uncle Luke' accepted a position at Hogwarts. "To keep an eye on me, to keep me in line with what they want me to be." "I am here to help you." "You are here to control me." "Ben-" "Don't lie to me!" Skywalker stood and stepped around his desk, treating the outburst as a plea instead of the order it was intended to be. He took the seat next to his nephew and turned the chair towards him. Kylo Ren still refused to look him in the eye. His gaze was fixed on the empty spot behind the desk. "Your mother," Skywalker began carefully, "did ask me to apply for this post. She wanted someone here to look after you," someone who would have his best interests at heart, and could reach him in ways she could not. I knew it. Skywalker read the embittered satisfaction in Kylo's face, unspoken words tinged by the pain of a betrayal he couldn't even put into words. "She is not afraid of you," he repeated, "But she is worried about you - as am I." Kylo's gaze flicked to his then, hostility emanating from his rigid posture and narrowed eyes. "Talk to me." "About what?" "Anything," he suggested, opening his hands in invitation. Kylo sneered in response - what a pathetic request - and replied, "We'd be here all day." "I have the time." "I don't," he retorted, in sharp dismissal of Skywalker's generosity. The professor lowered his hands to his sides. "About the books then." "What books?" "The ones your father found last year." That provoked a reaction in Kylo, whose contemptuous face twisted briefly in anger before closing down entirely. He forced his muscles to relax, tongue pressed to the back of clenched teeth, and he said softly, "Han Solo had no right to go through my things," or to take what rightly belonged to him. "How did they come into your possession?" Kylo glowered. "They were a gift." "From whom?" He looked away. This wasn't a conversation, Kylo realized, it was an interrogation disguised as an attempt to 'help' him. More deception. More lies. He was sick of it. Skywalker pressed steadily, " The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts, Magick Moste Evile , both are texts that might be found in our library," although the latter was in the Restricted Section. Kylo was aware of this. "But Secrets of the Darkest Art , Ben, that is a very difficult volume to find." Hogwarts' copy had disappeared sometime during the Second Wizarding War and it was no longer in publication. "It is not a crime to read , Professor." "No, it is not," Skywalker agreed evenly, "But that is a dangerous book." "And you don't think I can handle it?" "I didn't say that." Skywalker pursed his lips and closed his eyes momentarily, as if to gather his thoughts. Then he looked down at his nephew and said, "I know how seductive the Dark Arts can be," Kylo Ren shifted mistrustfully but did not interrupt him, "But the cost to acquire such power is rarely spoken of," for Dark magic was - if nothing else - persuasive and mutable, capable of taking on many forms to tempt the wielder, "It is too high, Ben. I have seen how destructive it is in the lives of good witches and wizards. I won't see that happen to you." Kylo Ren said nothing for a long while, and the silence stretched between them. Then he replied, "I have no intention of being destroyed." "Good." Skywalker paused, and he chose his next words circumspectly, "I caution you against accepting any more 'gifts' of that nature. Of some things, it is better to know little." "I understand." I understand that you are just like them. "Ben-" "Am I free to go?" Kylo Ren cut off whatever soft-hearted reassurance Skywalker was contemplating sharing with him. "I'm tired." If the professor was disappointed, he didn't indicate as such when he replied, "Yes. Of course." Kylo pushed himself out of the chair and stepped around Skywalker without brushing against him. He left his uncle standing by the desk, and did not notice the conflicted look in his blue eyes as he watched his nephew's back disappear from view. "Of some things, it is better to know little. " Skywalker lied to him. He had used Dark magic in the past, as an Auror, against enemies of the Ministry of Magic. He knew much more than he was willing to teach - but Kylo Ren no longer needed him as a mentor. And no matter what they did, destroying his books and assigning him menial tasks as 'punishment' for daring to push magic beyond the boundaries they set for him, they could not keep him from fulfilling his destiny. The Ministry of Magic was a hypocritical and corrupt system whose policies were designed to subdue and malign those it perceived as a threat. And the only reason it had gotten away with that treachery for so long was because of the ignorance it imposed on the people, of the sort of propaganda spewed at him - and every other student - by professors at Hogwarts. But Skywalker underestimated him. Kylo Ren was not so easily manipulated by those who feared knowledge - his knowledge - and power. He would not be tethered to their weakness. He was not a child . Kylo Ren stormed down the staircase to the dungeons, and returned unaccompanied to the Slytherin common room. The password was ' blood oath ' and as the door swung open, he stepped over the threshold into the cold but familiar chamber. Viridian lamps flickered against the walls, in between tapestries depicting the quests of great Slytherins of the Middle Ages. Ebony wood cupboards framed a common room full of black and dark green leather sofas and armchairs. There were less than a dozen students in the common room - most were either in the Dining Hall or still in bed - and Kylo Ren turned towards the seventh year boys' dormitory. He did not expect to be stopped. "Solo!" someone called out, and he froze, tension rippling down his spine, "I've got your Charms homework." The sixth year student stood by his elbow. Kylo could feel him there. He did not respond. "Solo?" " THAT'S NOT MY NAME!" Kylo turned and flung a non-verbal spell at the offending wizard, sending him flying across the room and into a side table which toppled over. The wizard was breathing - but unconscious - although not one of his housemates bothered to check on him. The other students scattered. He left the common area and stepped into his (occupied) dormitory. "Get out." They did. He was alone. Kylo Ren stood in the middle of the room, facing the empty four-poster beds and black wardrobes placed between them. He unfastened his robes and cast them onto the foot of his bed. His fingers worked at the knot of his tie until it loosened, and he dragged the striped silk out from under his collar and threw it aside as well. He moved mechanically as if his hands were under a spell and his mind was somewhere else. "Forgive me," he murmured softly, to a specter that did not exist within the castle walls. His words were nearly lost against the sound of water swishing beneath the tentacles of the Giant Squid as it swam past the window. Kylo crossed the room to his wardrobe, unlocked it with a flick of his wand, and knelt before it. Buried beneath his robes and pressed white shirts was a small trunk no larger than his torso. He had cast of series of protective spells on it, and a disillusionment charm that insured it would blend into the wood of the wardrobe. He lifted the spells now and drew a skeleton key from his pocket - he kept it with him, always, not unlike his wand - to unlock the chest. He kept his spellbooks, cufflinks, and assorted heirlooms in it. He removed those, lifted the shelf and searched along the edges of the chest for its false bottom. He reached into the chest and lifted the mask in both hands, smoothing one thumb reverently across the intricate arabesque designs inscribed in the silver. Thin metal grates covered the mouth and the eye slits were narrow and serpentine. It was a true Death Eater's mask, given to Vader by the wizard who apprenticed him. Kylo could see in the sharpness of the chin and the hollows of the cheekbones how it had been molded to fit his grandfather's face. He stared into his own distorted reflection and spoke to it - or to himself, it was hard to say, "My master has endowed me with the power to command the Knights of Ren. I have only this test to pass." And then he would be free of Hogwarts and of the constraints of his birth name. He would well and truly become Kylo Ren. "I am ready." And soon he would show Luke Skywalker just how destructive the Dark Arts could be. Chapter 4 : Rey Summary: Rey has Quidditch try-outs. Afterwards, she and Finn run into Poe and BB-8 on the way back to the castle to celebrate. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey was first on the Quidditch pitch where she changed into red robes with a jersey number on the back - no name, because she wouldn't be assigned a uniform unless she made the team - but by a quarter to ten everyone had arrived. The captain and fifteen other hopefuls, including four veteran players from last year, stood on the ground while the stands were sparsely populated by significant others, or fans, or very good friends. Among the handful of spectators - eleven, she counted - she searched for Finn's face and found him in the highest row. He waved when he caught her looking, and Rey turned her head to hide her smile. She gave a small wave in return. Karé Kun, Gryffindor captain and Chaser, separated the would-be players into two teams for a scrimmage game. It was a slightly uneven drill because there were three Beaters, four Keepers, seven Chasers, and two Seekers competing for a finite number of positions - but she managed to assign everyone to a team as either starter or alternate with the promise of equal playing time. "Rey, you are Team A. Trigg, Team B," Kun informed the Seekers, once the others had cleared the field in preparation for the match, "I'll release the Snitch and whoever catches it first makes the team. Any questions?" Rey shook her head. Trigg, a slim blond boy she remembered from a shared class in Herbology, did the same. "Good," Kun replied, nodding once before she turned to the sidelines and whistled loudly through two fingers, "Starting teams, in the air!" Rey straddled her Nimbus and exchanged a brief look with Trigg before she kicked off of the ground and pulled up on the handle to climb above the goalposts. She was soon after joined by the 'Team A' Keeper and once everyone was in the air, Kun stood in the center circle and released the balls from the chest: the Golden Snitch shot off into the air while the Bludgers tore after the nearest players. Kun grabbed the Quaffle under one arm and jumped on her broom. "I want a nice, clean game," she said loudly, hovering between the two teams of Chasers, "After all, we're not Slytherins!" There was a chorus of laughter in response, and with a grin Kun threw the Quaffle spiraling up into the air. The game started with a dark-haired 'Team B' Chaser snatching the Quaffle from his opponent, rolling over on his broom to avoid a collision. Flanked by his teammates he flew towards the goalposts and flung the ball at the middle hoop. The 'Team A' Keeper twisted to smash the Quaffle out of the way with a heavily padded forearm, where it was picked up by a 'Team A' Chaser and taken to the other end of the pitch. Rey watched the game for a few minutes - the back and forth, the way they broke formation to avoid stray Bludgers knocked through the air by Beaters - her gloved hands tightening and loosening their grip on her broom. I can do this. I can do this. She scanned the pitch carefully, searching for that twinkle of gold that would tell her where the Snitch was. "Watch it!" Someone bashed a Bludger straight towards her team's goalposts, and the Keeper cried out - barely avoiding it himself - just as the bewitched iron ball swung around and hurtled towards her. Rey's eyes widened and she dropped a few feet to avoid the initial attack. The Bludger cut a wide arc above her head and plummeted towards her; she had to out-fly it. Rey urged her broom towards the grass and ignored the whistling of the ball inches away from her shoulder. She caught sight of the Chasers moving across the pitch and dipped under their brooms, pulled up suddenly on the other side. This diverted the Bludger and it rocketed after the other players instead, nearly knocking the Quaffle out of someone's arm. She looked for Trigg and saw him hovering next to the 'Team B' goalposts. He hadn't spotted the Snitch either. Rey pulled up from the ground without putting her feet down and made a sweep along the stands. She watched the Chasers attempt another six goals, and avoided another Bludger, before she saw it. The 'Team A' Keeper missed a goal flung through the furthest hoop on the left, and when he righted himself with a frustrated clench of his fists, Rey swore she glimpsed the slightest flicker next to his broom. She straightened and flew a few feet closer, losing sight of it briefly as it darted through the middle hoop. The Snitch reappeared with a flutter in the middle of the pitch and Rey shot off towards it, cutting through the Chasers and dodging the end of someone's broom. She heard yelling from the stands but couldn't make out the words now that the wind had picked up. Rey and Trigg raced for the Snitch and both Seekers overshot when the tiny winged ball flung itself into the melee below. She spun around and pushed the Nimbus to correct her oversight, leaning her entire body over the broom, chin hovering just above the wood. The Snitch stretched out its wings in front of her and Rey scooted forward on her broom, shifting to guide it with her right hand while she reached out with her left, fingertips straining for the ball. Trigg pulled up next to her in his Firebolt and the two of them flew neck-and-neck until he glanced up and saw the stands looming in front of them. The Snitch showed no signs of slowing down, zipping towards the spectators, and just before their brooms brushed the seats Trigg pulled up - and Rey didn't. She hooked her legs under the broom and lurched forward with both hands, grabbing the Snitch out of the air. She had no time to savor her victory, wrapping an arm around her broom and banking so hard it nearly bucked her off. But she didn't run headfirst into the row of seats, pulling up with just enough time that only the end of her broom caught the stands. It caught her off-balance and one foot touched the ground - she staggered a few feet - but she had the Snitch. Rey raised her clenched fist above her head with a flushed smile, and that's when she heard the gleeful whooping of her friend. "Yeah!" Finn shouted at the top of his lungs, "That is what I'm talking about! " Rey got off her broom as Finn jumped two rows of seats to join her. "That was amazing! " "Can you believe it?!" Rey laughed breathlessly in response. "You were great ! " "I thought for sure I'd crash-" "No chance, you had it in the bag ." "I couldn't have done it witho -oof ," Rey's words were lost as Finn pulled her into a hug, crushing the broomstick between them. She tensed only slightly, then Rey buried her face into his jacket, grinning widely. "Thank you so much for being here," she whispered, squeezing her fingers tightly around the Snitch. It didn't feel real. "I told you I wouldn't miss it," he said into her ponytail. "Rey!" She looked up at the sound of her name and patted Finn on the back to release her. Both turned to face the pitch as Kun flew over. She opened her hand to reveal the Snitch - its wings badly crushed but still twitching weakly - to the captain. "Nice flying." Kun gave her a brief smile and said the words she'd been hoping for, "Practice starts on Monday." Finn wrapped an arm around her waist, tugging her close. She barely managed a steady reply of, "Yes, captain." "I'll see you then." Kun took the Snitch from her and then flew back over to the field, shouting to the rest of the players, "Alternates up! We're not finished yet!" Rey watched the team reassemble for another round of drills until Finn broke the silence. "Do you know what this means?" She turned to face him, glancing up into his smiling face. "I'm on the Quidditch team?" she guessed. He nodded. "You're on the Quidditch team." She couldn't keep a straight face. "As the Seeker." "As the Seeker," he confirmed, and it was hearing the words - hearing them twice - that sunk in. "I'm on the Quidditch team!" Rey burst out laughing again and covered her face with her hands before she dragged her fingers back through her hair, pushing it out of her eyes. "I can't believe it." "I can," Finn replied and, glancing back towards the pitch, he asked, "We've gotta celebrate." "Yeah," Rey picked up the broom, turning the Nimbus over in her hands. She was reminded of the fact that it belonged to the school, not her, and she'd have to put it back in the supply closet. Maybe they'd let her keep it for the season... since it handled so well during try-outs. "Rey." She glanced up. "You okay?" "Yeah, I'm..." she smiled, "I'm starving, actually." "I know how to fix that," he said, taking her by the hand and pulling her down the stands to the stairwell. She gave him a questioning look and he suggested, "The kitchens. Whatever you want." Finn had found the entrance to the Hogwarts kitchens two years ago, and with him she'd discovered that no matter what time of day it was, or how outrageous the request, the house elves would load up any visiting student with as many snacks as they could carry. On their way back up the hill, Rey grew quiet and pensive. She smiled absently as Finn described - in enthusiastic detail - a prank in the boys' dormitory involving pudding and a whole bag of Fizzing Whizzbees. The shadow of the castle loomed before her beyond the training grounds, and that's when Finn cleared his throat a couple times - awkwardly, enough to draw her attention - and, catching her eye, summoned up the confidence to say, "So I have an idea." "Okay..." "What do you think about Russia?" "Russia," she repeated. "Yeah." "Um," Rey laughed a little, "I don't know. I've never been." "Well, d'you want to go?" She had never given that much thought. Until she came to Hogwarts, she'd never even left Stoke-on-Trent. "Someday, I guess," she replied finally, "Why?" "Because I was thinking, we should go." She stopped, heels of her shoes digging into the soggy incline, and stared at him. Finn was on a roll now, or he was just nervous, because the words started pouring out, "We should spend Christmas there, have a proper winter. Pack up our bags for the holidays and go. And I know we can't Apparate but we could go the Muggle way," he glanced at her, "You know how to do that." "Finn, are you serious?" He seemed crestfallen at the fact that she didn't jump for joy at the prospect of a trek across Europe. "Come on, Rey. Think about it." "I am ," she replied slowly, "We're underaged, so we can't use magic," not for another two years, not so long as they had the Trace on them, "And we don't have any money." "I have some money," he protested, stored in his vault at Gringotts. " I don't," Rey reminded him dryly, "I barely had enough to cover my books this year," and she had to work for every single knut, so it wasn't like she could just pick up and leave, and do whatever she wanted. And he was crazy if he thought she'd give up a full month of free lodging and food. "I could spot you." Rey gave him a look. "Why are you so interested in Russia?" Finn didn't say anything, but she could see it written all over his face, he'd always been bad at hiding things from her. Something was wrong. "What is it?" "England's not safe." "What do you mean?" "Just... trust me, okay?" Rey was not impressed with that answer. Finn tried again, "The First Order's not just a rumor," the newspapers didn't agree with him, and she didn't know very much about it. She'd never been interested in politics. They had nothing to do with her. "And I..." he hesitated. "Want to get on the other side of the continent?" she surmised, half-joking - and he nodded. "You are serious." About going to Russia? It was the most ridiculous thing she'd ever heard. "Finn, I can't." "Why not?" He was insistent enough that it annoyed her - because he should have known better. He should have remembered. "Because," she said shortly, resuming her walk towards the castle, "If I had money enough to leave, I'd go back to Stoke-on-Trent." Finn groaned in response, a frustrated and strained sound. "Why do you always go back there?" "You know why," she retorted, but just in case he'd forgotten, "Unkar has no idea where I am, and even if he did I doubt he'd tell them." He wasn't the sort of man to do something for free. Unkar Platt was her... guardian, since she was seven. She'd been adamant from a young age that she didn't want to be adopted because she knew her family would come back for her. So she ended up the permanent foster-'daughter' of Platt, who only let her stay on because he got checks in the mail and he could use her for grunt work at his grubby pawn shop in town. She spent her whole childhood digging up trash, scrubbing it clean, hoping it was worth something because he said she had to 'pull her own weight' if she expected to get fed, to have clothes, to... go to school. "You really think they're coming back?" "Yes." "Rey-" she glared at him, and he stopped short of finishing that thought - whatever it was, probably something she wouldn't like. The two walked in silence for a few minutes, until they reached the training grounds. "Don't you miss your family?" she asked him finally. He shoved his hands into his pockets, "No." " Finn ." Rey didn't believe him. She couldn't even remember hers and she missed them. There was a heaviness in her heart, a pain and a loneliness that she couldn't touch or explain, a craving to be a part of something. To know she belonged, and that she was loved. That's how she knew they were real. Someone out there cared about her and they'd find their way back to her eventually. She had to believe that. He sighed. "It's different for me," he said flatly, "My parents are never coming back." He said that with such certainty that it made her uncomfortable, and she regretted asking the question in the first place. "And Phasma is not my family. That woman doesn't have a maternal bone in her body." "Like Unkar." Rey gave Finn a very small smile when he glanced at her. She knew it wasn't exactly the same, but she did understand what it was like to be raised by someone who... wasn't a parent by any stretch of the imagination. "I'm sorry, Finn." "Why?" he asked her pointedly, "It's not your fault." "I know, I meant-" "Rey! Finn!" someone called out to them from behind, and Rey turned to see Poe striding towards them. And he wasn't alone. On his shoulder, talons snugly tucked into the folds of his robes, sat a small tawny owl whose feathers seemed more orange than brown. She waved in response and Finn replied with an enthusiastic, "Hey Poe! What are you doing?" "Duty calls. Have to send a letter to my dad," he explained briefly, joining the two Gryffindors in the middle of the training grounds, "But I wanted to spend some time with my feathered buddy first." He cast an affectionate look sideways to the owl. Its big black eyes fixed on each of them in turn, and when he looked at her Rey held out an arm. "Do you mind?" she asked Poe. "It's up to him," was the reply, "BB-8, what do you think?" BB-8 - she asked Poe what it stood for, the eight, and Poe told her it was 'their lucky number' - turned his expressive white face towards her, cocked his head, then inched down his master's shoulder and hopped from his arm to hers. Rey grinned in response, twisting slightly when BB-8 tottered up her arm and nestled into the spot between her collarbone and her shoulder. She met BB-8 in third year over the winter holidays. Poe had gone on vacation with his father - who told him to leave the owl at Hogwarts - and she looked after him. Since then, she'd visited him in the owlery a couple times a month. She didn't have an owl of her own and she'd always thought of herself as more of a cat (or maybe a goldfish) person, but BB-8 won her over. "Try-outs are finished already?" Rey was distracted with the owl, so it was Finn who nodded in response. For her, anyway. "I hope it's good news." "Oh yeah," Finn confirmed with a grin, "Rey killed it. You are looking at the new Gryffindor Seeker." "Really?" Rey glanced up then, smiling between the two wizards. She was grateful for the immediate results - she'd done enough waiting for a lifetime, and would've hated to have the Quidditch question 'did-I-or-didn't-I-make-it?' hanging over her head. "Not that I'm surprised," Poe added, "Congratulations." He stepped forward to give her a hug, and BB-8 hooted indignantly in response when said hug nudged him from his perch. "Thanks, Poe." "Yeah, we were just about to celebrate down in the kitchens - you should come," Finn invited Poe along hastily, and only glanced at Rey after the fact but she nodded in agreement. She wasn't a big fan of parties, per se, but she liked to spend time with friends. Especially over food. "I mean, if you're not busy." Rey resisted the urge to roll her eyes. Finn was doing it again, but this time she suspected he was just starstruck. "We understand if you are but it'd be great, or cool, if you wanted to... come with us," he trailed off lamely. "Sure," Poe's response was smooth and simple, "Just let me drop off BB-8 first." At the sound of his name, the owl turned his head toward his master and in one maneuver - a hop and a flap - he returned to the Hufflepuff's arm. "Yeah, yeah, of course," Finn said with a nod. "We'll meet you downstairs," Rey promised, and as Poe headed to the West Tower with BB-8 she steered Finn back to the castle. "Remember not to drool," she murmured under her breath, and pursed her lips to hide the twitch of a smirk when Finn glared at her. Just trying to help. Notes: Kudos and comments give me life. Those are the scents in my amortentia. :D :D Thanks, friends! Chapter 5 : Finn Summary: Finn, Poe, and Rey pick up a feast from the kitchens and kick back in the courtyard. Notes: I'm pretty much an equal opportunity shipper for TFA (as you can probably tell by my tags) because I love these kids. Soooo, this has reference to Finn/Rey but is primarily setting up Finn/Poe at this juncture in the story. Thanks for reading! Finn realized he shouldn't have asked Rey to come with him. To Russia. Russia. Why did he say that? She'd looked at him like he'd lost his mind. On the other hand, why not Russia? Or Australia, or the outer rim of Antarctica. Those were his top choices, he decided, if money and transportation were no object. He came to this conclusion while sitting in the Quidditch stands, trying desperately not to imagine what Solo would have done if Professor Skywalker hadn't showed up. Finn didn't know how he was going to convince Rey that she should leave. Not Hogwarts, not permanently - because an underaged wizard with an unfinished education wouldn't get hired anywhere. Neither of them would get very far, tagged by the Ministry of Magic. But during the holidays, she should stay as far away from the First Order as possible. And getting paralyzed by three of its members in the Entrance Hall of the bloody school did not give him a whole lot of confidence in Headmistress Kanata's ability to keep him - them - safe. Finn was good at looking after himself. It had been a priority for most of his life. He just wished Rey would take the First Order seriously. She wasn't the only one. Sometimes he felt like the only sane person in school. No one seemed overly concerned with the First Order despite suspected attacks in small Muggle villages outside of London, and Dublin. Those sounded like training exercises to him. They'd use Muggles as living targets in anticipation of fighting Aurors. But he couldn't prove it and he wasn't going to be the one making accusations because he liked being alive. And he wanted to stay that way. Finn didn't always see himself as a Gryffindor. On days like these, it felt like the Sorting Hat hadn't chosen his house on merit. Maybe it just threw him a bone - did inanimate objects do that? There was probably a spell for it - and gave him a way out because it knew he wanted to run. He still wanted to run. How was he supposed to explain that to Rey, when all she ever did was run towards things? Finn didn't want to admit to what he'd seen, or participated in as a child, because if she knew what he'd done, or hadn't done, how he stood by and let- she would look at him differently. He changed the subject. "I wasn't drooling," he made the effort to belatedly defend himself as he stepped into the castle, then crossed the hall. Rey gave him a bemused look. "Okay," she conceded, and took the stairs two at a time to the basement. "I wasn't drooling over breakfast either," he racked his brain for a few seconds trying to think of where else she could've gotten that impression. "I was choking ." "I know," Rey said but, seeing that Finn wasn't content with that answer, she assured him, "I'm not making fun of you. I shouldn't have said anything." She gave him a quick smile and turned down the kitchen corridor. At the end of the hall was a massive still-life painting of a fruit bowl in a gilded golden frame, flanked by twin torches. The art was enchanted to reveal the hidden door to whomever knew to tickle the pear. "Why did you?" he hesitated, then caught up to her and matched her stride with his, "Is it obvious?" Rey gave him a perfectly blank look when she replied, "Is what obvious?" Finn couldn't tell if she was humoring him or not. She probably was but he'd been told - by his dormmates - that his crush on her was obvious to literally everyone, including the ghosts. Peeves tormented him about it. He'd been half in love with her for two years, and she never noticed. So how could he expect her to know when he- "Forget it." It wasn't worth making an arse of himself. He'd had plenty of time to come to terms with the fact that he fancied a certain type: brunette, rides a broomstick like they were born on it, and completely out of his league. Rey scratched the surface of the painting - the pear giggled and transformed into a bright green doorknob - and pushed open the door to reveal the kitchens: with ceilings as high as those in the Great Hall and bronze pots and pans of every size imaginable simmering on stoves and counter tops, it would've been impressive even without the bustling of so many house-elves. "Finn?" "Coming," he stepped into the room after her and smiled awkwardly as the house-elves - balancing plates and rags, pots of delicious smelling porridge or pudding, he wasn't sure which - paused in-between their tasks to bob a curtsy or a bow in front of him and Rey. After he adjusted to the warmth of the kitchens, Finn cleared his throat and caught the attention of the nearest elf, "Can we order room service?" Between the two of them, Rey and Finn managed to cart off a treacle tart, an apple pie, a whole bowl of chips, pudding, three chocolate eclairs, a macaroni cheese casserole, several slices of roasted chicken, and a jug of pumpkin juice. They found Poe outside of the kitchen, leaning against a stack of barrels in conversation with two other Hufflepuff students. He turned when he heard the sound of house elves chorusing their good-byes, and gestured his friends over as he crossed the corridor. "Let me help with that," he offered, taking a couple dishes off their hands, "Finn, Rey, these are a couple of the best fliers in Hufflepuff. Jessika Pava," he indicated the girl first. "Call me Jess," she insisted, her black hair plaited out of her eyes, "I'd offer to shake your hands but..." she smiled instead. "I know you," Rey said, "You're a Chaser, right?" "I am," she confirmed, and crossed her fingers, "Hoping to make the cut this year, too. Then we'll be seeing a lot more of each other." "Snap Wexley," the other wizard introduced himself, broad-shouldered, burly, but friendly. "Keeper." "Good to meet you," Rey replied. "Hey," Finn added somewhat unhelpfully, nodding in acknowledgment. "Alright," Poe slapped Snap on the shoulder briefly, "I'll catch up with you later. Let's head upstairs," he suggested to the two Gryffindors. Finn glanced back at the kitchen corridor from the bottom of the stairs but no one was in sight. The Hufflepuff Common Room was somewhere down here, but he didn't know where the entrance could've been: there weren't any other portraits, only the one which led to the kitchens. Rey wanted to eat in the courtyard so the three of them sat down under the stone cloister, inside the open colonnade that formed a perimeter around the quadrangle. It wasn't until they'd set everything down that Finn realized they didn't have any silverware, but Rey shrugged that off and picked up a slice of chicken with two fingers. "So, Rey," Poe used a severing charm to cut into the treacle without a fork, "How long have you been interested in Quidditch?" She held up a finger, swallowing a mouthful of chicken before she replied, "Since I knew what it was," she reached for the chips and used one as a spoon to scoop out a chunk of the casserole, "I like flying." "You're muggleborn, right?" She nodded. "I've always wanted to fly one of those Muggle planes. Have you?" "Flown a plane?" Rey smiled slightly. "They don't let people just... fly things in the Muggle world. Especially not kids." "Really?" Poe glanced at him. "I thought it was weird too," Finn agreed, "They have bicycles and..." "The Tube," Rey reminded him, "Anyone can take the Tube." "The what?" She turned to Poe and said, "You know, it's like a... train that goes underground. You've been to London, right?" "Yeah, but we've never used a... tube." Rey laughed. "But you've seen people driving cars?" They both had. It wasn't like Finn had never seen Muggle technology before, despite the First Order's tendency to isolate its acolytes from the outside world. "You can do that if you're seventeen." Poe finished off the slice of tart and dusted the crumbs off his hands, "And flying?" "You can get what's called a commercial pilot's license," she explained, between bites of casserole, "When you're eighteen, but you have to pass all these tests first, log a lot of training hours. And if you're not lucky enough to own a plane, or to be able to afford the lessons, it's... not easy." "How do you know this?" Finn asked her. He'd never heard her talk about piloting before. "I like flying," she reminded him, "And there used to be an airfield in my town - ages ago, it's a housing estate now - so I've asked around. You can still find some of the old equipment, plane parts and such, if you're willing to dig. I collected a lot of that rubbish." "Interesting," Poe said "Are you going to get a license?" "Not as long as I've got a broom." Rey reached for the pumpkin juice. "Why do you play, Poe?" "It's in the blood," he replied warmly, "My mum was Hufflepuff Captain back in the day, before she went into law enforcement. She loved to fly too. She bought me my first broomstick when I was six and taught me how to use it." "She must be proud," Finn remarked, picking up one of the eclairs, "You being the best player in school. I've never seen anyone fly like you." Poe smiled at him broadly. "I hope so," he replied, and when Rey glanced up inquisitively he added, "She died when I was eight." "I'm sorry," Finn said, surprised. He didn't know that. Rey seconded his response, echoing the words. "It's alright," he reassured them, "I don't mind talking about her." "Is that why you want to go into the Ministry?" Rey asked him, glancing between the two wizards, "We heard you weren't planning to go pro with Quidditch." "Oh," Poe laughed, "Yeah, no. I told the scouts that already. Puddlemere's still sending somebody to watch our first game of the season." He shrugged, as if it was no big deal that he was on first-name basis with one of the best teams in the British and Irish Quidditch League, "They think if they offer more money, I'll be liable to change my mind but... I'm just not interested." "Oh yeah?" What are you interested in? Poe glanced at him, but paused short of speaking when Rey offered him the pumpkin juice. He thanked her, then said, "My mum was a Hit Witch. She never talked to me about her missions but Dad said she was one of the best. That's what I'm looking into." "That's brilliant," Finn was having a hard time coming up with better adjectives. "It will be," he agreed good-naturedly, "If I pass my N.E.W.T.s. What about you, Finn?" "Me?" "You," he confirmed with a half-smile, "Why didn't you try out for the team?" He gave Finn a slow once-over and said, "You look like you'd make a good Beater." Finn laughed, and it went on a little too long because he wasn't used to being stared at - and having eyes burn into the back of his head with hatred during Potions with the Slytherins didn't count, "No thanks." He could fly but he wasn't competitive the way that Rey and Poe were. "I'll leave it to you lot and keep my feet firmly on the ground." "You're missing out," Poe replied, glancing to her for confirmation. "I can live with that," Finn insisted, "And today isn't about me. It's about Rey." "Finn..." "Fair enough," Poe agreed, turning his attention to Rey, "And since you're on the team now, I can let you in on something." "What's that?" "Around this time - once try-outs are over, and the new teams are finalized in the roster - we have a big party for all the players. We get together in the Room of Requirement - do you know where that is?" Rey shook her head, "You're in for a treat. Kun'll show you." Finn had never heard of that room either, and he shifted uncomfortably because he had a feeling he wasn't supposed to be listening in on this. "It's a good time." "Sounds great," Rey admitted. "Slytherin usually doesn't come." "Even better." "And they don't report you?" Finn was actually impressed. "One or two players might show up," Poe replied, "So they can't snitch on us unless they want to get themselves grounded too. Then nobody'd get to play." He had a point. It wasn't that they weren't above cheating - or so everyone said in Gryffindor Tower - but they wouldn't sabotage their own team. "So?" he prompted Rey. "I'm in," she said. "Good," Poe nodded in his direction and said to Rey, "Bring Finn." "But I'm not on the team," and he didn't want to be the only one who wasn't on the team at the bloody party. That would be... weird. "Yeah, but I like you," Poe dismissed his concerns casually, and winked, "Captain's prerogative." Alright, so maybe it wouldn't be that 'weird' and what did he care what other people thought? Nobody was going to tell Poe Dameron what he could and couldn't do. "Oh." That's all he could think to say out loud. That was it . Finn was glad he couldn't see Rey's face because she sounded amused when she replied, "I think that's code for, 'Cheers. We'll be there.' When is it?" "We're thinking, a week from now. Next Saturday? We'll be able to pick up some party supplies at Hogsmeade." "Sounds great." Rey looked at him pointedly. "Right, Finn?" "Right. Yes. Great." He smiled awkwardly in response. The conversation reverted then to Poe's stories of parties in the past and how this fourth-annual tradition got started in the first place, and to the Quidditch world cup after that, summer holidays and classes. Two hours later, Poe left to fly some drills with his teammates before Hufflepuff try-outs, and the two Gryffindors returned to the tower, dumping the extra food on a table in the Great Hall where it shortly disappeared. Finn spent the rest of the day with Rey and at half past midnight when he finally called it a night, she was still awake in the common room, meticulously cleaning the Nimbus broom she'd used in the morning in front of the fireplace. He'd never known anyone who slept as little as she did, but after the first few years, he stopped asking questions. Chapter 6 : Rey Summary: Rey is dismayed to find herself sharing detention with Ben Solo. Awkwardness ensues. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey could never sleep well at night. As late as two or three o'clock in the morning, she would lay in bed - red curtains drawn - and stare up at the wooden frame of her four-poster for hours. She would thrash and twist, lay on her side, then on her stomach, with her pillow and without it, until one of the other girls hissed at her to go to sleep because all that rustling was keeping them up. Then she would get up and leave the dormitory, slip out of the common room, and walk around the castle. Sometimes it helped to put things into perspective, dodging the poltergeist and shielding the tip of her lit wand from the sleeping portraits above her head. The castle was so quiet that she could hear the whistling of wind against the stone and the crackling of dimly lit torches, the creak of old armor, the heavy slumber of the paintings. These lengthy, solitary castle walks enabled her to sleep - but unfortunately, she got caught half the time by Prefects or professors. She lost a few points for Gryffindor here and there, and accumulated a lot of warnings for breaking curfew, but detentions were rare. Detentions were rare unless it was Professor Lupin who caught her out of bed for the third time in two weeks. Victoire Lupin had been at Hogwarts for years but she still looked like she was in her forties, blonde and attractive. She was Rey's Charms professor, and the one who assigned the Gryffindor her first detention of the term: Monday night, seven o'clock, with Professor San Tekka. Rey tried to look properly chastised as she turned to leave, but she was smiling on her way back up to the Tower. Her detention wouldn't interfere with Quidditch practice and, to be honest, she loved Astronomy. It was one of her favorite classes. Spending a few extra hours with Professor San Tekka didn't sound like a punishment to her. Rey had History of Magic first thing in the morning on Monday - which put her to sleep, leaning against her left hand, right hand doodling ink spirals on her parchment - then Potions and Divination. Her last class of the day was Defense Against the Dark Arts. She had to run directly from the third floor to the common room to drop off her books and change her clothes, then she jogged down to the Quidditch pitch for practice. After dinner, Finn reminded her that they had two essays due this week, a sketch of a porlock for Care of Magical Creatures, and a demonstration in Transfiguration tomorrow on Vanishing Spells (which the entire class was supposed to have mastered by now), and it was then that Rey realized what the downside to detention was: she was never going to finish all that work. She should've started writing her Potions essay over the weekend. As she climbed to the top of the Astronomy Tower, she sorted out her priorities in her head. What did she absolutely need to do for tomorrow? That was the trick. She never did too badly in Transfiguration, but she did need to start (and finish) that sketch. Professor Scamander was easy-going and if she was lucky, he probably wouldn't hold it against her if her porlock looked more like a shoddily traced sausage with legs than a horse guardian. "Sleepwalking again?" Rey stepped onto the platform at the top of the stairs and was greeted by the reedy voice of Professor San Tekka. His brown robes blended into the torchlight flickering inside the tower. It was better lit than during class - but she wasn't here to look at stars. "Something like that," she admitted, not-very-ruefully. She was only sorry she got caught. "Why didn't you take my advice?" he asked her, stepping to the side with a sweep of his arm, voice gently reproving. Professor San Tekka knew about her evening activities because he had caught her once or twice himself. He stayed up late, like she did. He told her she should visit Nurse Kalonia and request something to help her sleep. "I can't take a Calming Draught every night," she replied, acknowledging the Professor's well-meaning advice with a shrug, "I'd rather walk around." She wanted to overcome her sleeping problems on her own, without having to rely on potions. "I empathize, Rey, but you are not the exception to the rule." "I know." And she knew she would have to come up with a better solution - or a sneakier way of getting around - if she didn't want to end up penalized in Quidditch, or get behind on her schoolwork in her O.W.L. year. Professor San Tekka seemed satisfied - more or less - with her response (or he'd come to the conclusion that it was no good to lecture her on this, she'd keep doing what she thought was best) so he drew her attention to the balcony where six telescopes were lined up beneath the moonlight. There was someone standing next to the row of telescopes with his arms crossed over his chest, but she didn't immediately realize who it was. "Tonight you will be taking these telescopes apart, cleaning them, and reassembling them without magic," Professor San Tekka informed her, "Fortunately, you have a compatriot to help you finish this task. Mr. Solo is also serving detention tonight." " What? " Rey did a double take of the 'someone else' who'd been brooding over his view of the Forbidden Forest beyond the Astronomy Tower, and he now turned to face her. "Professor, I-" can't work with him . "Yes?" He must have seen it in her face, how much she dreaded the prospect of having to be anywhere near Ben Solo. "Are my directions unclear?" "No sir." She just... "Are you unable to complete the task?" "No sir." Her pride wouldn't let her say anything less. "Then what is the matter?" Rey sighed and lowered her eyes so he wouldn't see her expression. She wasn't going to demand a new assignment just because she didn't like the company. Professor San Tekka would be here the whole time and besides, she wouldn't want Solo to think she was scared of him. Because she couldn't think of a better way out of this, she mumbled in resignation, "Nothing, sir." "Are you quite certain?" Rey nodded in response. "Very well. Your wand, please." Rey reluctantly parted with her wand, pulling it out from under her robes, and in exchange she got a plastic bowl and a bucket of cleaning supplies: rags, brushes, wax, cotton, and several spray bottles. Rey dragged her feet across the Astronomy Tower floor and pretended that she didn't feel him staring at her the entire way. Why was he always staring? Why didn't he go look at something else, like the stars? They had a great view. The sky couldn't have been clearer. Rey sat down on the ground next to the telescope opposite Solo, effectively as far away from him as she could be and still do what San Tekka told her to. She took back what she said earlier: this was most definitely a punishment. Rey lifted the telescope from its tripod and cradled it in her lap. It took her a few minutes to decide what to do as she examined the instrument in her hands: first, remove the main mirror cell, then the secondary mirror, the focuser, and lastly, the finder holder. Throughout this process she steadfastly ignored Ben Solo's existence until - of course - he spoke. "What are you doing?" "Taking apart a telescope, same as you." She glanced up at him and saw that - actually - he wasn't doing anything. He was just standing there looking, for all his height and general sullenness, completely lost. "Are you going to sit down?" Rey didn't like being stood over by other people. "You're blocking half the light." It was true. He cast a slanted shadow across half the telescopes. Solo glanced down and she thought she saw his bottom lip curl in disdain. Rey rolled her eyes. Who did he think he was, a prince? Too good to sit on the ground with the peons? "Solo," she said impatiently, "It's not going to kill you." He looked back at her, narrowing his gaze defensively. "I know." He sat down. Carefully. His posture mirrored hers - which she didn't initially realize - and he removed his telescope from the tripod as well, situating it in his lap identically to hers. Rey opened one of the spray bottles and sniffed it, recoiling from the pungent scent of cleaner. She dropped a very small amount into the bottom of the bowl and set the bottle aside. The next one was filled with water. She poured half of it into the bowl, then replaced the cap. Moments later, she heard the splash of water landing in the bowl across the balcony. Rey placed her telescope upright on the ground and attempted to twist the tiny screws loose right above the mirror cell on the perimeter of the tube. Her fingers turned white with the frustrated effort but the screws wouldn't budge, so she dug into her bucket of cleaning materials and saw that Professor San Tekka had thought of that: there was a small driver at the bottom of the bucket. Rey made short work of the screws and removed the main mirror. Holding the delicate, circular reflective surface between her hands without smudging it, she lowered it into the bowl of water to soak. She made the mistake of looking up and saw him, brow furrowed with the driver in hand, glowering at the telescope. It was upright, like hers. The plastic bowl brimmed with water, like hers. "You don't know how to use a screwdriver," she guessed - aloud, which she didn't intend to do - and Solo glared at her. "I am a wizard," he replied in a low voice, enunciating each syllable tightly. He was angry. He was angry because she was right. He had no idea what he was doing so he was watching her. But he couldn't mimic the way she removed the primary mirror because of their respective angles. "So?" She was a witch and she still managed to figure it out. Solo said nothing. Oh, this was too good. Mr. I-know-more-than-the-professors, let-me-educate-you-stupid-muggleborn-girl, and he couldn't even remove a screw from a piece of metal without magic. "Okay," he didn't want to admit to it, fine, "Quick lesson in screwdriver anatomy. Handle, shaft, tip." She held up her screwdriver and indicated each part of it, tapping the tip twice, "Insert this into the grooves of the screw head. Then you turn clockwise until you can remove it. Do this along the tube's perimeter right- no, not there. Don't touch that. Do it here, do you see where I'm pointing on mine? Right above the mirror cell." From where she sat, Rey could not see the way his grip tightened on the wooden handle of the screwdriver in response to her correcting him, telling him what to do, giving him orders. Solo found the right screws, but after a few seconds of fumbling which she pretended not to notice, he lost his temper and slammed the screwdriver down on the ground. The sound startled Rey and she flinched, shooting him an irritated look. " What? " "This is beneath me." He didn't shout the words, but they strained against gritted teeth. Of course it is . Perish the thought that Ben Solo would ever get his hands dirty like a Muggle . "Sorry to break it to you," she wasn't, "But apparently it's not." Because he was in the same position as her, and expected to do the same amount of work. Solo wasn't the only wizard who didn't know heads or tails about Muggles, but he was so full of himself. He really thought he was the next great wizard, as if there was a Chocolate Frog card with his name on it, but without his wand Rey didn't find him very intimidating. "Here," since her primary mirror had to soak for a full five minutes anyway, Rey told herself that this wasn't costing her anything. She got to her feet. "Let me show you." " No ," he snapped at her. Rey stepped forward and the vehement refusal caught her by surprise. She stopped where she was and Solo practically snarled up at her, "I don't need help from someone like you ." "Someone like me?" "Muggleborn filth ." Wow . "You are a prick," she retorted, crossing her arms over her chest and relishing the fact that now she could look down on him for a change. "And this muggleborn filth could dissemble and reassemble everything on this balcony before you ever got your head out of your arse." She imagined it was stuck up there permanently. "So when I say I'm going show you how to do this, I'm not helping you," since he found that so distasteful, "I'm helping me so I can get out of here sooner and away from you ," without having to do his work for him. He glowered at her. Rey glared right back at him. She was not afraid. He didn't have his wand, he couldn't do anything to her. And once she was sure he wouldn't throw something else, she squatted down next to him - but not too close - moving the plastic bowl out of the way and picking up the screwdriver. "I'm only going to do this once, so pay attention." There was probably a better way to talk to him - to make him more receptive, less hostile - but honestly, it turned her stomach to think of trying to assuage Ben Solo's ego in any way, shape, or form. Rey took the screwdriver and positioned it in the middle of the screw's head, twisting it slightly until she felt the catch of its teeth against the grooves. "Do you see what I did there? How it catches? Now I turn to the right," she demonstrated it in rapid motions, eight turns until she could see most of the screw's body. She put down the driver and twisted the last few times by hand until the screw landed in her palm. "Your turn." Solo moodily picked up the screwdriver and mirrored her actions - almost exactly - and after the second screw, the rest came easily and dropped onto the ground one after another. Rey gathered them up and set them aside. While she did so, Solo picked up the mirror carefully. "Don't smudge the surface with your fingertips," she warned him, earning an ungrateful scowl in response. He set the mirror down in the bowl easily, and his fingers came away dripping with soap. He looked at her. Rey felt uncomfortable under the weight of that stare so she braced one hand on the ground and leaned over his bucket to rifle through it and pull out a handful of cotton swabs, fluffy stretches of soft white fabric. "Never use a rag to wipe down the mirrors, always use cotton." She wished she had something to show him with- "One second." She straightened, returning to her plastic bowl. She lifted the primary mirror of the water carefully and carried it back over to him. "This is easier with two people, so I want you to hold this like I am." She braced her palms on the edges of the sphere without touching the surface with her hands. He took the mirror from her without a word - and she picked up the first thread of cotton. She dipped it in the bowl and made brief eye contact with Solo, "Steady," she reminded him, "What you need to do is drag this across the mirror under its own weight," she demonstrated the movement slowly, gently, "You don't exert any pressure on the surface or you'll risk damaging the coating." Rey repeated this movement five more times until she'd wiped down the entire mirror. "Then you'll rinse it and dry it at an angle before you move on to the secondary mirror." With her hands free, she showed its position to him on his telescope. "You'll unscrew these bolts by hand. They hold the spider. Make sure you steady the telescope while you do this or the assembly will fall apart. You remove the focuser by unscrewing these and only these," she pointed those out to him as well, "Do not touch the collimation screws. Then you remove the finder holder here." She showed him where, "And keep your screws straight, because if you don't it's going to take you twice as long to put it back together." That was the sum of her advice, at least for now. The lenses were something else entirely. "Any questions?" "Why are you doing this?" "I already told you." "I do not believe you." His voice was intent and... something else, probing for a different answer. "That's your problem," Rey replied frankly, because it was the truth. That and maybe the fact that she couldn't stand by and watch him destroy something as beautiful as this telescope with his clumsy hands and bad attitude. "Give me my mirror." She reached for it and ignored the brush of his fingers against hers - was that deliberate? should she tell him to knock it off, or would that draw his attention to the fact that she noticed in the first place? - in their exchange of the sphere. "Thanks." Rey didn't know why she said that - she supposed it was because he actually did what she asked him to without insulting her. For him not to act like an utter wanker, it must have been a real challenge. "Thank you," he replied in turn - and it wouldn't have surprised her more if he'd gotten up and tap danced across the balcony. She could not recall him ever saying 'thank you' - to her, not that she was often in a position to get thanked, or to anyone - and the stilted politeness sounded strange. Rey didn't know what to say in response, so she nodded. Then she retreated to her side of the balcony and rinsed off her mirror. She reached for one of the unused cloths and spread it out on the ground with one hand. Propping the mirror up at an angle against the side of her cleaning bucket, she left it to dry. Without another word to him, she turned her attention to her telescope. She needed to focus. Notes: I just wanted to say thank you for your continued kudos and hits and general amazingness. :) Please feel free to comment - I'd love to hear from you! :D :D And I promise these chapters are building towards the overarching plot, so... thanks for hanging on! Chapter 7 : Kylo Ren Summary: Kylo Ren attempts to persuade Rey to give him a chance as her teacher. He believes he is making progress. Kylo Ren had despised the scrawny muggleborn in front of him. She had always been a favorite of Skywalker's. His uncle had taken over the Defense Against the Dark Arts teaching post when he was fourteen, and she was twelve. From that moment in Dueling Club, when she successfully disarmed the blood traitor she called a friend on the first try, Skywalker was taken with her. He praised her in front of everyone and pulled her forward, using her blind luck to teach the others. Kylo remembered this. He remembered being incensed - insulted - by his uncle's preference for a second year muggleborn nobody over him . She had little formal education but - Skywalker flattered her and she tipped her face up to his, awestruck - he said she had a 'natural talent'. It made her a formidable opponent. Kylo felt slighted. It made him angry and resentful towards them both, and he distanced himself from his uncle out of spite. He sought recognition elsewhere under the tutelage of one who would not ask him to compete with the likes of her , who saw him for the exceptional - and unrivaled - wizard that he was. He found it. And in his growing mastery of curses and hexes he surpassed the Auror. He had eclipsed Skywalker in every conceivable way... except in her eyes. He had been jealous of her once - a negligible sentiment he buried and now refused to acknowledge - until he faced her in a duel. As a sixth year, he had been selected as the captain of the Slytherin House dueling club for his third consecutive year, and no one had challenged his claim. He was, by far, the most skilled duelist in school and Skywalker had been making transparent overtures to reconnect with him. He asked his nephew to demonstrate the proper stance and technique of a duel to the incoming students and Kylo Ren agreed. He stalked from one end of the platform to the other, reveling in the intimidation that swept through the huddling mass of younger wizards when he glared down at them, daring any one of them to take the stage as his opponent. Skywalker surveyed the crowd and asked for a volunteer. No one spoke. "I'll do it." Kylo's gaze narrowed and darted past insignificant faces until he saw hers. She raised her hand and her voice. Skywalker glanced between them apprehensively, and he started to refuse. He preferred to pair students 'fairly' based on their year and skill level. Kylo Ren thought that was very foolish. "Let her come up, Professor ," he interrupted smugly, "She thinks she is my match, I should like to see it." He could read the uncertainty in her face - the realization that she could not hope to stand against him, he had infinitely more experience than her - but to her credit she did not back down. Skywalker helped her onto the platform and the two met in the middle of the stage. She seemed very small, he thought, gaze roving over her from the striped socks at different lengths to the lopsided buttons on her shirt. He was unimpressed. Then she caught his eye - his contempt - and her own expression hardened with a stubborn determination he did not expect. "Wands at the ready ," Skywalker had said - but Kylo barely registered his voice at all. The girl raised her wand. He did the same. Neither of them exchanged a word. She bowed her head and he inclined his slightly, without taking his eyes off of her. He pivoted and took four long strides, then turned and faced her with his wand poised. "On the count of three, begin, " Skywalker intoned, " One... two... three... " Impedimenta. He flung the spell at her non-verbally, and turquoise light burst from his wand and struck her in the chest, immobilizing her body and the incantation in her mouth. Her eyes widened in sudden fear and Kylo smirked. He took a step forward and muttered, "Flipendo." The force of the jinx knocked her off her feet and she landed hard in a heap of robes on the platform floor. A handful of Slytherin students snickered in response. He was pleased with himself until Skywalker stepped forward and offered his hand to help her up. She shook her head, so his uncle turned to him and said reproachfully, "Non-verbal spells are not instructive, Ben." Kylo scowled. "I disagree." " Expelliarmus! " To his surprise, the girl managed to get up on her own - without help from Skywalker - and she cast the disarming charm. "Protego!" Kylo blocked the spell and it ricocheted throughout the room before dissipating. " Locomotor Wibbly! " He deflected the jelly-legs jinx and stood his ground as she strode towards him. " Ventus Tria!" A jet of spiraling wind smashed into her so hard that it threw her off the stage. "That's enough," Skywalker attempted to intervene. "I'm fine! " she insisted loudly, her head re-appearing over the platform as she waved off the help of a concerned Hufflepuff. Her nose was bleeding. Without so much as a side glance to her beloved mentor she flicked her wand and shouted, " Stupefy!" He blocked the spell but she immediately flung another incantation at him, " Expelliarmus!" This time, Kylo did not move quickly enough and she disarmed him. His wand was torn out of his hand and it landed on the ground with a clatter a few feet away. There was an audible gasp - and the rustle of robes - in the room. Kylo's movements were stiff with anger - and embarrassment - as he stooped to grab his wand. "I said, that's enough ." Skywalker stepped in between them and he stared down the tip of Kylo's wand. "Ben," that one word was heavy with warning when he did not withdraw and it was only after he recalled the presence of witnesses at his feet that he lowered his wand. Skywalker turned his back to his nephew then, and he spoke to the girl. "Rey, go to the Hospital Wing." "But-" "This is not a debate. Finn, please accompany her." "Yes, Professor." Kylo watched her leave, blood dripping down her face and still she pushed off her friend's attempt to wrap an arm around her shoulders, to comfort her. She was defiant, her wand clutched at her side. The witch wasn't capable of very much - her repertoire of fourth-year spells was pathetic - but she had still managed to disarm him which had never happened in this setting before. Under most circumstances the spectacle of his own failure would have enraged him, but he was intrigued by her and - having seen how Skywalker intervened to protect her - Kylo Ren had become obsessed with the prospect of depriving his uncle of his prized pupil. He did not expect her to be so resistant. Sometimes he grew impatient with her, with the stubbornness of this girl who continued to turn down his entreaties to make her a better witch, a more powerful dueler, to elevate her beyond Skywalker's limitations and the worthless company she kept. And that she should condescend to teach him anything - let alone something as tedious as dissembling a telescope - made him feel ignorant, incompetent, and disadvantaged, a constellation of emotions which he found intolerable. He disdained any task that required him to use his hands. In all things, he relied on magic. The mocking undertone of her observation - " you don't know how to use a screwdriver " - infuriated him and he lashed out at her. She retaliated, only to crouch down next to him so casually that his shoulders stiffened in mistrust. He listened to her speak - knowledgeable and matter-of-fact with no hint of the derision he expected - and his gaze was drawn to the dexterity of her fingers. Her movements were no less sure when she turned her back on him. "You have some skill." Nearly an hour passed before he uttered a word, and his curt rejoinder to a conversation they were not having hung uncomfortably in the silence between them. But he was in some small way gratified by the fact that she finally looked up at him, acknowledged him, over the row of telescopes. "You mean, for muggleborn filth?" she retorted in a tone that would have been cheerful were it not for the bite behind her words. "...no." He frowned at her. "I am speaking generally." "Right." She did not sound like she believed him. "It was a compliment." "Obviously." She seemed amused at his expense, and this annoyed him. He did not like to be the object of ridicule, particularly if he did not understand why and did not have his wand to demand the respect he felt he deserved. "You are being ungrateful," he accused her through gritted teeth. " Ungrateful? " She glared at him and his own indignation lost its footing. "What do you expect? " "I-" "You don't get a pat on the back for not being awful, Solo," she interrupted him impatiently, "Most people just aren't awful on a daily basis." "That... has not been my experience," he replied as evenly as possible. She was making this very difficult for him. He was attempting to engage her in conversation because this was one of the few times she was not in the company of her housemates. She hesitated, and then reluctantly admitted, "Mine either." His irritation ebbed in response and he recognized in her voice something different, a note of resignation that resonated with his own worldview. Then she seemed to remember where she was. Her temper flashed and she glowered at him, "Thanks to you and your friends." "I have only ever offered to instruct you," and he would hardly consider that mistreatment. He chose her. "And how many times have you called me names?" Kylo Ren assumed this to be a rhetorical question so he did not respond. And as it turned out, she did not need him to respond. "You know, it's not even about that. I don't care what you think about me." "Is that so?" "That is so." She was very insistent. "It's about the way you treat everybody else. You're a bully." "I am not." "You are ," she snapped, incredulous that he would even attempt to deny it, "You push my friends around for no reason." "I have reasons," he corrected her defensively, "Your friends are liars, and thieves, and traitors -" "They are not!" "Keep your voice down," he said, glancing briefly to the side. San Tekka was still in the Tower, albeit out of sight. But the old man had a good ear and the last thing Kylo Ren wanted was for him to interrupt them. Not that this was a particularly pleasant conversation - it was not, she said many ignorant and off-putting things - but it was their conversation and it was unlikely the two of them would ever be in these exact circumstances again. "The only thieves at this school are in Slytherin," she hissed at him, so loudly that it was a very ineffective whisper, "And you're a liar." "I have never lied to you," and he would appreciate it if she would stop projecting her paranoia onto him. "Can you say the same for your friends?" " Yes. " Her fingers stilled against the telescope and her response was too quick, too emphatic, for him to believe she did not have her doubts. "Then you would be wrong." "What do you know about it?" she scoffed in response. "I know they are not being honest with you." " Who isn't being honest with me?" "Finn," he replied simply, his flat tone managing to dissolve the animosity from his voice, "Skywalker. And others too, I'm sure." "And I'm supposed to believe you?" "Ask your friend about the First Order," Kylo suggested with an inexorable and uncharacteristic degree of patience, "If he can look you in the eye and tell you that Hogwarts will protect you, you will know that he is lying." "Are you threatening me?" "Not at all," he assured her, "But I believe you are a clever enough girl to recognize that this..." he indicated with his gaze the Astronomy Tower and beyond that, the castle and the grounds, the very institution itself, "...is not real. The only thing that matters is on the other side of these walls." She did not reply but she was listening to him and her attentiveness was intoxicating. It encouraged him to continue in the same earnest low voice, "Skywalker knows this but he is determined to cripple you. To limit your potential." "He wouldn't do that." "Yes, he would," he reiterated harshly, "If he perceives you could become truly great, he will do everything in his power to discourage you." "I don't believe you." "Talk to him," he challenged her in turn, "Tell him you wish to know about Darth Vader." "The Dark wizard?" "A great wizard," Kylo Ren corrected her sharply, "The wizard whose legacy would have surpassed Voldemort's had he survived. Skywalker is said to have defeated this wizard in battle. Why do you suppose he never speaks of it?" "I don't know." She was flustered. "I do." He was not. She glared at him and he inclined his head slightly, wryly, "But you would not believe me, so it is better that you hear it from him." "Fine." A concession coupled with the defiant jutting of her chin as she did her very best to stare down at him. "I will." Kylo Ren suspected she was upset with him for criticizing her misplaced hero worship of a man who did not warrant her devotion - or admiration - but he viewed her resistance as par for the course. She had spent too much time under Skywalker's tutelage to shift allegiances easily. "I am trying to help you," he said, and the words might have been beseeching were it not for his steady tone, "You have power," raw power and instinct to be shaped and channeled by whomsoever had her trust, "I felt it the first time you faced me in combat." "That wasn't combat," she resisted quietly. "Rey," he reproached her and she flinched in response at the sound of her own name, "Please extend to me the same courtesy I pay you." "What courtesy?" "No lies." The setting may have been a supervised duel but if she knew nothing else of magic she would know that her spells were only as potent as her intent . Kylo Ren did not play pretend and neither did she. When she dueled, she dueled to survive. "You are strong," but not strong enough, "I can make you stronger." She leaned back slightly and he realized he was losing her. "I'm doing just fine on my own," she said coolly. "For now." But he was confident that she would seek him out of her own accord eventually. Chapter 8 : Rey Summary: Rey gets a surprise from Finn, and successfully manages to avoid Ben Solo until the night of the Quidditch party. Notes: The end of this chapter features Reylo related things, so if that is not your jam, feel free to skim. If it is, hurray! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) When Rey returned to the Gryffindor common room, she found Finn waiting for her with butterbeer and a stack of notes for the Potions essay. He asked her how it went and she shrugged in response. She decided not to tell him about Solo, but the not-telling had consequences too. For the rest of the week Rey was distracted, playing his words over and over again in her head, debating on what to do. She didn't know much about Darth Vader, only what she'd heard second-hand: he was a Dark wizard who terrorized the wizarding world. It took ages to catch him because the Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards - Sheev Palpatine - secretly supported him. Everyone was talking about it the year Luke Skywalker joined the staff at Hogwarts, because he was the Auror who defeated Vader. Things were much better now; half the students in her dueling club were there because they wanted to be Aurors. And as long as Luke Skywalker was around, no one - no matter what Ben Solo said - would get anywhere near Hogwarts. Rey didn't think the First Order was as dangerous as he made it sound. No one wrote about it in The Daily Prophet , or talked about it on the radio. Solo was making this up, she decided. He just wanted to feel important, to lord it over her that he knew something she didn't. Rey wouldn't let him get to her. The common room was empty on Saturday morning. She'd turned down Finn's invitation to go to Hogsmeade, something she half-regretted after he'd left. She talked herself out of following him with the reminder that she had no money - except for a very small amount she put aside for his Christmas present - and there was no point in paying for chocolate or butterbeer when she could eat perfectly good food for free in the Great Hall. So Rey picked up her broom and walked down to the Quidditch pitch instead. Flying cleared her mind and by the time she returned to the castle, filing in alongside other students coming back from the village, she was in a good mood. And it only got better when she heard Finn's voice as he stepped through the portrait hole. She turned away from the fireplace and smiled when he spotted her. "How was it?" He crossed the room and draped an arm over her squashy red armchair. "Great," he enthused, "Me and Poe picked up loads of food for the..." he lowered his voice conspiratorially, which made her want to laugh, "...party, and got a couple drinks at the Three Broomsticks. We talked." "That sounds fun." He nodded in response, shifting towards her slightly, "It was. And we stopped by Spintwitches on the way back." Rey sighed enviously in response, leaning back against the cushions. Anytime she did go to Hogsmeade, she spent half the time pressed up against the window admiring the latest racing broom in stock. The store was full of Quidditch supplies and gadgets, things she could never afford but liked to look at. "Did they have the new Starfighter on display?" she asked him, although she already knew the answer. It was the broom of the season. "'Course. We went in and took a look." That broom probably cost more galleons than Merlin himself owned, so she didn't bother to ask what the price was. She didn't want to know. "I couldn't pick that up for you," the Starfighter? It wasn't something a wizard bought with the change in his pocket, "But I got you something else." "You did what?" Rey straightened in surprise as Finn grabbed the empty chair next to her and dragged it over a few inches. He had an arm behind his back, which she hadn't noticed until... just now. He revealed his hand and a big bag with the Spintwitches slanted logo on the side, and handed it to Rey who immediately dug through the obligatory white tissue paper until her fingers brushed the familiar padding. "Finn..." "Open it," he encouraged her, grinning widely as she pulled out a pair of her very own Quidditch gloves. "I know you've been using the school equipment but I figured that - since you're on the team now and all - you should have your own. If you want them." He hesitated. "Do you like them?" "I..." she had a hard time finding the words for once, smoothing her fingers over the stitching at the wrist guards, fingers traveling up the forearm pads to the elbows, "I love them. They're perfect." "Really?" She looked up at him and let him see the emphatic ' really ' in her expression. "I'm glad. I know how you like gifts that do stuff. I mean, gifts that are useful." He learned that the hard way when he bought her a bracelet last year and she didn't know what to do with it. She kept it - because it was from Finn - but she wasn't a 'jewelry person'. But these? These gloves? She couldn't wait to wear them. "Thank you," Rey said to him genuinely, and he gave her a half-pleased, half-embarrassed smile, ducking his head slightly. She unfolded herself from the armchair and - without letting go of the gloves - she got up and hugged him. Unbidden - and definitely unwanted - Ben Solo came to mind and it made her angry. Who did he think he was, saying those things about Finn, accusing him of being a liar, of not being honest with her? It was bollocks. Rey was ashamed of herself for ever letting him get under her skin. "Rey?" She realized Finn had said something, and pulled away with a sheepish smile, sitting on the floor in front of him. "What'd you say?" "I asked if you'd eaten yet." "I can always eat," she said, "I want to put these away first." The gloves were the best gift she'd ever gotten, and even though she didn't say that out loud, Finn probably knew it. "I'll be here," he replied, and Rey got to her feet, patting his knee briefly in another gesture of gratitude before she made her way to the girls' dormitory. She tucked the gloves away inside her wardrobe. When she returned to the common room, Finn changed the subject to Honeydukes and over dinner he described everything Poe had bought for the party, and planned to nick from the kitchens later. "How can he afford that much candy?" It wasn't just candy, but also a slew of party favors from Weasley's Wizard Wheezes: trick wands, whiz-bangs, luminators, and a bubble box. "The Ravenclaw and Gryffindor captains chip in," Finn said, chewing through his roast carefully, "I think. He didn't seem too worried about it." That must be nice . Aloud she asked, "Couldn't he just require the room to have that stuff? Isn't that what it does?" "Gamp's Law of Elemental Transfiguration," Finn replied, so casually that it took her by surprise. He must have asked Poe the same question (or maybe he'd been studying up in her absence). "Food's one of the exceptions, remember?" Now she did. Apparently, not even the Room of Requirement was immune to that exception. "Fireworks too?" "No idea," he admitted, "But you wouldn't want a knock-off Weasley product anyway." Rey supposed that made sense. The room probably couldn't replicate licensed wizarding stock, otherwise what would stop her (or any student) from 'requiring' a Starfighter broom for her first Quidditch match? After dinner Rey returned to Gryffindor Tower with Finn. She pretended to work on a star chart for Astronomy while he paced, ate two cauldron cakes, and killed time by interrupting her and asking questions that didn't mask his impatience at all. "You were officially invited," she reminded him, and he spent all day with Poe so he shouldn't be nervous. "Don't worry. It won't be a big party." "What do you mean?" He stopped pacing. "Seven players per team, minus most of the Slytherins..." Rey put down her quill, and guessed, "Twenty-five people." If it wasn't the number of party guests that made him so uneasy, she wasn't sure what else it could be. "You forgot about the alternates." Her face fell slightly because he was right. That'd bring the number closer to... forty. "Great." "Are you okay?" "Sure." She smiled up at him slightly. Rey wasn't going to back out of the party after she'd said she'd go, and she was looking forward to it. Hanging out in a room full of Quidditch players wasn't a bad way to spend a Saturday, but she wasn't always comfortable in big groups of inebriated people. "You're planning to change, aren't you?" She nodded to the antique grandfather clock behind his head and, when he turned to glance at the time, he swore under his breath. She gathered up her parchment and ink, and the two agreed to meet by the portrait hole in 'ten minutes or less'. Rey changed out of her Quidditch practice gear into khaki slacks and a short-sleeved white shirt. She raked her fingers through her hair and pulled it back into three-rung buns to keep it out of her eyes. She evaded questions from her dormmates about where she was going when she slipped back into the common room, and a few minutes later Finn emerged from the boys' dormitory dressed in black. He adjusted the collar self-consciously underneath his school robes, and only stopped fidgeting after Rey told him, "You look nice." He smiled at her in response. The two Gryffindors slipped out of the common room and quickly made their way down the left corridor of the seventh floor, not far from the Fat Lady's portrait. They were following the directions Karé Kun had given Rey after practice yesterday, searching for that stretch of wall across from the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy and his trolls. "Found it," Rey murmured, holding up the tip of her wand to light the unmistakable scene a little better. She could feel Finn at her shoulder. "Now I see why they called him barmy," he muttered. Rey agreed with him. Whoever the artist was, they'd really captured the ungainly awkwardness of a wizard trying to teach trolls ballet. She smiled slightly and turned away from the tapestry to face the wall. "Ready?" Kun had emphasized how importance this was: in order to enter the room, a person had to be thinking about what they needed. "What we need is a way to this party," he agreed, and the two crossed in front of the wall three times. On the third turn, a high-arched door materialized in front of them. As they stepped over the threshold it faded back into the stone with a gravelly rumble, and Rey stepped into a large room with mirrors on the ceiling. The lights of students' wands and flickering torches were reflected and refracted all over the walls, where chairs flanked two long banquet tables on either side of the room: these tables were full of food, and two large crystal punch bowls brimming with pumpkin juice. Someone had brought a radio - and cast an amplifying charm on it - so music from the Wizarding Wireless Network filled the air and nearly drowned out the hum of peoples' voices. "Wow." Rey seconded that. She had been to common room parties in Gryffindor Tower but they didn't look like this. Poe Dameron was dancing with the Hufflepuff Chaser, Pava, but as soon as he saw her and Finn he waved them over. "I'm going to get a drink," she said, pointing over to the punch bowl instead. She wasn't sure if she was up for the dance floor right now. "Yeah," Finn agreed distractedly, "I'll, uh, I'll be right back." Rey wished him luck and watched him cross the room to greet Poe. She spotted a seat near the banquet table and claimed it, unclasping her school robe and draping it over the back of the chair. Then she poured herself a goblet and sat down to watch the party unfold. The pumpkin juice tasted... differently, and as she poured herself a second cup she peered into the bowl suspiciously. Kun then informed her in passing that the Gryffindor Keeper had spiked it with firewhiskey. Oh. Now she could taste it. Rey put down the goblet and she spent the next few minutes talking to her teammates, but Saturday nights on the WWN included The Cantina music programme - all of the best wizarding hits, no commercials, no news - so most people gravitated towards the dance floor. Finn was having a great time. She could see him laughing from across the room at something Poe said. "You're the new Gryffindor Seeker, aren't you?" The crisp, unaccented question cut through the haze of music and tingling warmth - the effects of only one glass of firewhiskey-infused pumpkin juice - and Rey glanced up to see a girl with strikingly dark makeup wearing a skintight geometric dress. Her dark hair was slicked back and pulled into a tight bun at the base of her neck, but when she turned in profile Rey could see the intricate design of the knotted hairstyle. "Rey," she confirmed with a tentative smile, "And you are?" She seemed familiar but the two hadn't shared any classes together. "Bazine Netal," the witch gave her full name in that same smooth (nearly condescending) voice, "Ravenclaw. I am your competition." "You're also a Seeker?" "Yes." Netal plucked a lick'o'rish spider from the Spindle's bag on the table and Rey watched the candied licorice scuttle across her hand - bewitched to move like a real arachnid - before she picked it up by the leg and ate it. Rey grimaced slightly. "And I play to win." "So do I." She tried to be polite but that sounded like a challenge so she retorted - flatly - and stood up. "Good." Netal gave her a once-over and then reached for the silver ladle to fill her goblet. "Word in the corridors, Rey, is that Ben Solo is looking for you." The words were intended to take her by surprise - and they did. "How do you know that?" "Knowing things is my business," Netal replied in an infuriatingly vague way that meant nothing . "That's not a real answer," Rey snapped impatiently, crossing her arms over her chest. Netal's amusement faded and she shifted in her black heels. "I might have overheard a conversation," she elaborated unhelpfully, "He is not very subtle, your Solo." "He's not my Solo," Rey could not emphatically deny that enough. He was a Solo and he wasn't even a great one like Han. She hadn't spoken a word about him to anyone in her house. If he was going around telling people that something had happened that night- when it didn't, when nothing happened, she was going to be so mad. "What does this mean? Why are you even telling me?" "It means that he knows you're here," Netal spelled the conclusion out for Rey, who was grateful for a bit of concrete information. "As for why I've told you," she gave a shrug that seemed more sensual than lazy, a calculated roll of the shoulders that bared her neck, "I might need something from you someday, and I'm sure you'll remember this." Remember what? The time some Ravenclaw girl ruined her night before it got started? "Yeah, you've been really helpful," Rey replied dryly. "Cheers," for this information she didn't ask for or plan to do anything with. "It's your call," Netal replied over the lip of her goblet, "Either you find him, or he finds you... here," the thought of Ben Solo crashing a party he wasn't invited to just to bother her - and in front of Finn and Poe - was not Rey's idea of a good time. He would ruin the party for everyone. As if following her train of thought exactly, Netal continued idly, "That might be a little awkward. He isn't on the guest list." "Big surprise," Rey muttered under her breath. Who would invite him to a party? She left Netal standing by the punch bowl looking smug and cut through the crowd to find Finn deep in conversation with Poe. All she told them was that she had to step out for a few minutes - she didn't want them to come looking for her - and after giving a hollow promise of a dance to Poe, she left the party. Her ears were still ringing from the music when she stepped into the empty corridor. And it was empty. She didn't know what she expected - to run right into him, hexing the wall into giving up the location of the party - but she was alone except for the ghost of the Bloody Baron who sank into the floor without a whisper or even a clank of his chains. She was not going to chase Ben Solo around the entire castle, on the word of someone she wasn't even sure was telling the truth. And just because he knew she was at a party didn't mean he'd be able to find it, right? Five minutes , she said to herself, striding down the hall with her hands balled into fists, That's it. And if she didn't find him, she was going to go back to the Room of Requirement. And she was going to dance and have a great time. Five minutes. If she had stayed where she was, she might have been able to waste that time without bumping into two students scurrying up the stairs - while glancing over their shoulders, clearly trying to put some distance between themselves and someone - on the sixth floor. But as luck would have it, she heard him before she saw him in the passageway by the marble staircase she'd just come down. The muffled groan of pipes - and shattered ceramic - rumbled from the boys' bathroom and Rey tilted her head to press an ear to the door. "I wouldn't do that if I were you," a nasally voice reproached her suddenly and Rey jumped back, swallowing a gasp of surprise. The pigtailed head of bespectacled, pimple-faced Moaning Myrtle appeared in front of her, the rest of the ghost's body hidden on the other side of the door. She smirked - in a not altogether 'friendly' way - at having startled the Gryffindor. "What are you doing here?" Rey asked, "This isn't your toilet." "No," Myrtle agreed with a sniff, "He wouldn't make such a mess in my toilet." "Ben Solo," she guessed, and the ghost refused to confirm 'yes' or 'no' but she didn't need her to. "I need to talk to him." "You're not a boy. " "Neither are you!" In her impatience she snapped at Myrtle, upsetting the ghost whose eyes filled with semi-transparent tears. "Myrtle-" Before Rey could even come up with an apology, or some sort of explanation to comfort the girl, she let out a deafening wail and disappeared, diving back through the bathroom door (and, presumably, down a toilet to return to the second floor). This night just keeps getting better... Rey sighed, pushing open the door and stepping inside. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the murky interior. One torch was lit, and the windows were opaque so moonlight only seeped into the bathroom. Her shoes crunched on broken glass and she glanced down to see her slivers of her own reflection. That was when she realized all of the mirrors had been shattered. The floor was covered with jagged, silvery fragments torn down from empty frames over the sinks. And the sinks themselves, two were cracked, several were in pieces, and one had been completely ripped off. The basin landed on the ground and water sprayed from an exposed pipe in the wall, collecting on the floor in rushed pitter patter that showed no signs of slowing down. And in the middle of all of it stood Solo. She didn't see his wand but she knew he had done this. He turned to face her and looked incredibly calm. His appearance was completely at odds with the destruction around him. "I heard you were looking for me," she broke the silence first, resisting the urge to sink into a defensive stance, "Why?" She was pretty sure they'd covered all their bases on Monday with the one and only semi-civil conversation they'd ever had. Solo inhaled deeply. "You didn't ask." The words were even but tinged with accusation, and it still took Rey a few seconds to realize what he was talking about. "No, I didn't," she agreed. She didn't ask Finn about the First Order, or Professor Skywalker about Darth Vader. "Why not?" He was trying very hard to seem reasonable. Rey didn't make nearly as much of an effort. "Because I don't care." "You-" "I don't care ," she repeated firmly, no matter what he thought he knew, "I've got secrets too," things she had never confided in Finn, let alone Professor Skywalker, and she probably never would. She had her reasons. So did they. "And I'm not going to drag them through bad memories just to prove you right." He was mad. She knew he would be. She could hear in his voice that the illusion of control was lost, and the words very nearly trembled when he retorted, "This is not about me." Rey scoffed. If that were true, he wouldn't be keeping tabs on her and whether or not she asked them about the things he said they were hiding. Solo ignored her, continuing as if she hadn't protested at all, "You're weak," he said tacitly, but the words were harsh and unyielding, "You're afraid to see them for what they really are ." "I know who they are," she said. Professor Skywalker was her mentor, a professor she trusted, and Finn... she'd known him since she was eleven. "Finn's like family-" "You don't have a family!" He nearly screamed the words at her, and they seemed even louder in the echo of the bathroom, thundering over the water pouring from the broken faucet, pooling at their feet. For a moment, Rey was too stunned to respond. And Solo took advantage of this, crossing the bathroom to her. Her body retreated before her mind caught up with her, and she backed away until her shoulders hit the wall. She was so close to the door she could see it out of the corner of her eye. Solo didn't touch her. She would've known how to react if he did. But he did stand over her and when he pulled himself up to his full height, she felt trapped. She shouldn't have come. She should have stayed at the party. "I'm not going to hurt you." He noticed her discomfort but - unsurprisingly - hearing those words did not reassure her. If he wasn't going to hurt her, then he should take every non-verbal hint she was giving him to back off before she went for her wand. "You need to understand." "Understand what ?" she ground out those two words, her fingers twitching against her khaki trousers. "That you're like me." "..." Her lips parted but nothing came out. She didn't know what to say. " Legilimens." He said a word she didn't know and caught her gaze with his. He held it and moments later he spoke, "You're lonely," he said quietly, "Even in a room full of people, you feel... out of place, apart. I understand. I feel that too." Rey tried to look away but Solo put a hand under her chin, tilting her head up with his knuckles. "You can't sleep at night. You walk for hours." Until her feet were sore and she was cold... "Stop it." Rey tore her gaze away and swatted at his hand, but he moved too quickly for her to smack him the way she wanted to. He retreated a half-step, not enough to give any real space but at least he wasn't touching her anymore. "What was that?" "I could show you," Solo replied smugly, pleased by what he interpreted as curiosity. But the 'if...' lingered unspoken at the end of his words. "If I let you teach me?" He almost smiled. "Yes." "Do you have any idea how crazy you sound?" He wasn't 'smiling' anymore. Rey didn't know what he'd just done, but he'd proved her point: this was all about him, no matter what he said. "You think you're like me? You're nothing like me," she snapped, pushing away from the wall to stand her ground, "You have parents, remember? You're Ben Solo. Everyone knows who your family is," and no one knew where she came from, or who her parents were. They didn't leave a forwarding address when they abandoned her in Stoke-on-Trent. "Don't . " She ignored him. He got to say his whole bit and she didn't interrupt him . "Look at your clothes," the very best robes that money could buy, and you could bet that Ben Solo had never seen the inside of a used bookstore. "Look at this." Rey reached for his neck and he flinched when she hooked her fingers underneath the glittering silver serpent that clasped his robes together. "Are those real emeralds? I bet they are." She didn't try to tear it off but she tugged on it briefly, to remind him, "You are lucky." He had money, and he had a name that people recognized, and he had a home, "And you've got the nerve to stomp around pretending like you've got it so hard with that silver spoon shoved down your throat," destroying things that didn't belong to him, treating people like rubbish, sulking and bullying and shouting to get his way, "You're nothing but a spoiled brat, Ben Sol-" " Say that again. " He cut her off with his wand nearly pressed to her cheek. He was so close that she could feel his breath against her forehead. And she was supposed to trust him when he said he wouldn't hurt her? "Don't threaten me." He blinked those big dark eyes once, slowly. Recognition seemed to fill them, and he lowered the wand. She let go of his robes. "I didn't..." he trailed off regretfully, but didn't finish his thought. If he had said he didn't 'mean' to do it, she probably would have lost it. "My family and I don't get on," he said instead, an abrupt shift in topic that she didn't expect. "At least you have a family," unlike her, as he so vehemently pointed out. Like she could ever really forget that. "You don't know what it's like," he insisted, and before she could agree with him he started to rant, "Those people don't care about anyone but themselves. They've got a reputation to uphold and expectations, standards, that no one could live up to," you're a disappointment, you're a burden, she hated that she felt herself responding to his words, to that note of self-loathing, of worthlessness, that she struggled with every time she went home, "Nothing you do is good enough. And the first chance they get, they send you away." "I do know what that's like," some of it, anyway, and to her chagrin she admitted that aloud. Solo had been looking anywhere but at her, dragging his fingers through his hair in agitation, wand in hand. But as soon as she spoke, her voice seemed to ground him and his gaze had something to focus on. In two strides he had closed the distance between them and he wrapped his right hand around her neck, his wand skewering her bun as he slid his fingers into her hair and backed her into the wall. Rey pressed a hand to Solo's chest, but when he bent over her she didn't push him away. He kissed her and her hand curled into his robe, crushing the black fabric in her fist. His lips parted hers and when she didn't recoil, his tentative hold on the back of her head tightened and his other hand brushed the side of her face. Rey was distracted by the pressure of his fingers traveling from her cheekbone to the cusp of her ear, along her jaw. If she thought he was capable of something this smooth, she might have called it a caress. No one had ever touched her like that before so she wasn't sure... the tip of her tongue brushed his, and Solo crushed his mouth to hers, and she lost her train of thought completely. His teeth caught her bottom lip and it wasn't until she felt the almost-pain of being bitten that common sense surfaced. Rey pulled away so fast that her teeth clacked against his clumsily, and he hissed in response. It did hurt. She pushed him off of her and winced when the tip of his wand got stuck in her hair. She forcibly untangled the bun with one hand, and the rubber band snapped across the room and landed in a puddle on the floor. She lost a few strands of hair in the process, but the pain subsided after a few uneasy seconds. "I said I understand," she snapped breathlessly, glaring at his chin because she couldn't bring herself to look at him in the eye. "Not 'snog the living daylights out of me'! What's the matter with you?!" Indignation was better than... whatever else this was, what she was feeling. "Is that what I did?" He sounded more composed than her, which she immediately resented - and more than that, he was entirely too self-satisfied. "'Snog the living daylights out of you'?" And that sounded even more ridiculous when he said it. If she didn't find a way to take him down a peg, he was going to be even more insufferable. But her thoughts were all scattered, and she was... "I don't need this." She thought of her friends, of what they say if they knew what she'd done. No one liked Ben Solo. They had good reason. She had good reason. "And I don't need a teacher." Now that she'd dredged up her own frustration, felt it sharpen her tongue, she could glare at him. She only came down here to tell him to leave her alone in the first place. "No?" Did he think she was joking? " No. " Read her lips. That's all he needed to know. No, with a side of definitely not. "All I really want to do is pass my O.W.L.s so unless you've got some master key to the Potions exam, I'm not interested ," in him or anything he had to 'teach' her. "Fine." "What?" She felt like she'd come up with a strongly worded ultimatum, so of course it took her by surprise when he agreed. "I will help you study." Rey scowled at him distrustfully. "That's not what I meant." It was not supposed to be an invitation. "Do you want to pass your O.W.L.s or not?" She felt like that was a trick question. She searched his face for even the slightest hint of deception, but Solo managed to keep his expression impassive. "Well?" "...yes," she replied slowly. "I received an 'Outstanding' in Potions," he informed her neutrally. Rey didn't know of anyone who'd done that well among her friends. A handful of 'Exceeds Expectations' but no 'O's. Poe Dameron, she knew, had received an 'A' in Potions but he'd scored so well on his other O.W.L.s that he was still in good standing to pursue his dream job at the Ministry of Magic (provided his N.E.W.T.s were up to snuff). "And you'll help me study?" "As I said." "Just for Potions, none of that... other stuff?" that he kept harping on whenever he saw her. "No new spells," ones that he bragged Professor Skywalker didn't even know about. "Yes." "What do you get out of it?" "I told you," he said dispassionately, "I want to help you." "Right." Rey did not believe he had altruistic motives in offering to tutor her in Potions, but that was all he'd agree to admit to. "Okay," she conceded reluctantly, "You can help me." He raised a brow in response to her choice of phrasing, but she ignored him. She probably was doing him more of a favor than he was doing her, something that she was sure she'd regret. "But I have a condition." "Of course." If she didn't know better, she'd think he was mocking her. "Nothing like... that ," she indicated the two of them, "again." "You will have to be more specific." She glared at him. If he had cracked so much as a twitch of a smile, she would have stormed off. But he didn't, so she couldn't be sure if he was taking the piss out of her or not. " Snogging ," she clarified irritably, "Or... touching, or anything like that. Don't touch me. If you make one move, we're done." "Very well." He paused, "Any additional conditions?" Rey hesitated, "Not... right now." "When should we meet?" "Once a week." "Twice a week," he countered, and when she glared at him he asked, "Do you want to improve or not?" Yes, she wanted to improve. And then he wanted to know what day, and he was being so calm that it aggravated her. Her responses were clipped but in the end they decided on Thursday evening (between Quidditch practice and her Astronomy class) and Sunday afternoon. "I will see you tomorrow then . " Rey had forgotten that today was Saturday, and by their new arrangement he was right. "Yes." She didn't like the expression on his face. It was almost... triumphant, like he'd just caught the Snitch at the end of a long game. "You could stand to be a little less... smarmy about it." "Smarmy?" Had no one ever told him he looked smarmy? Because he did. "You'll be dragging your feet enough for the both of us." So why should he be in a bad mood too? "You're right about that," she muttered in response. Despite the fact that she had agreed to this, and made the schedule of her own free will, she was not looking forward to it. And she definitely wasn't going to- "I have another condition," Rey blurted out suddenly, as the realization hit her, "Don't tell anyone what we're doing." "A secret?" "I'm serious," she said sharply, "Keep your friends out of my business." She cared less about Solo's Slytherin groupies actually, and more about what Finn and Poe might think. She didn't want to have to explain herself to them. Solo examined her closely. "Ashamed of being seen with me?" Not exactly, but why should she correct him? "I've got to go." "Back to your party, yes, I am aware." He didn't sound happy about it but Rey didn't try to puzzle out his tone. She didn't care. "Right." Not that it was any of his business, but she had no intention of going back to the party. She wasn't really in the mood anymore. Suddenly she couldn't get out of the boys' bathroom fast enough. "Bye." She hastily turned her back to Solo and yanked the door open, stepping out into the cool air of the corridor. The bottoms of her shoes were wet and squeaked on the stone. If he called after her, or said something, Rey wasn't listening. She all but ran up the marble staircase to the seventh-floor and didn't look behind her until she reached Gryffindor Tower and the warmth of her common room. Notes: Sooooo... Reylo! Moving along at the speed of a glacier ;D but we are getting there. And if you are wondering what Finn and Poe are up to, unchaperoned at the party, that's a'comin'. As always, thank you for reading!