Necessary Evils A/N: Greetings, readers. This is my first time on AO3 but I've got an idea so do bear with me... (I) Gusts of wind raced between them, dancing around and over and under her extended arm going numb from how long she'd held it directed at him. She quivered slightly though his gaze remained unfazed by the shifts in her balance. Her head was pounding. The lightsaber, directed like some gross, antiquated bridge of hope between them, was heavier than it looked. Somehow she'd pictured something, indeed, lighter and possibly more easy to work with agility. She'd been wrong. And now she stood in the chill of a darkening day face to face with a broken, laconic legend who looked more like a fossil ready to be reburied than someone who'd navigated the wiles of the Force and restored, if only for a time, peace in the galaxy and a balance. Her arm trembled only slightly but the weight was beginning to strain her muscles. She stared at him, staring at her. They would maintain this paralysis as long as it was necessary. His jaw was clenched so tight it was as if he had no intention of speaking til the end of time itself but she felt herself responding to this silent monolith nonetheless, with new stirrings of acquaintance she could not account for. He felt it, too. She didn't know how it was possible to tell for his eyes had grown even colder since her arrival, his form stiffer and the air pregnant with the discomfort of a history un-shared, seething on the surface and waiting to lunge out. ...And he had brought peace, if only for a time... If the stories were true- and she'd heard so many variations, dreamed up so many scenarios in her solitude she was hard-pressed to separate fact from fiction- then the Jedis of old had not been mistaken in their prophecy. There had been one who brought balance to the Force... Unfortunately, no one had anticipated that that balance would be in favor of the dark for it did not do to dwell on evil thoughts in times of peace. They had been blinded by that peace, so much so that they had not only been ignorant of the shadow growing under their noses- they had helped it seize power. And evil had continued to breed, as is in its nature to do and the cycle of the struggle between the archetypes remained unbroken. Vader had never been the problem. Certainly he had been a problem but he was a mere symbol championing a way of life that would have meant the annihilation of everything they held dear, everything good. There were always more like him for one's existence depends entirely upon the other and Vader had been a necessary evil, if the prophecy was anything to go by. His lip stiffened as did her arm. He'd been following her train of thought, perhaps, but it didn't bother her. Rey had had nothing but time to think all those years in the desolation and poverty of the solitude she'd been confined to. The memories upset her immediately. Nothing but heat and sand and thoughts... She would never know if it had been the strain to her muscles or the weight of the fatigue from her recent adventures but she finally dropped her arm, still clutching the lightsaber, disappointed at her self-loathing and seeming ineptitude to get any task done. He wouldn't have hesitated to take the saber if Han were... She choked back something annoying in her throat and turned her head when suddenly she felt the lightsaber rip away from her grip and fly into the hand of its former owner. Her head snapped back and she watched him, half-horrified, studying the thing as if he'd never seen it in his life. It was not the first time that day Rey questioned whether or not she'd made a huge mistake. They remained engulfed in silence. "Master Skywalker," she said, finally breaking his troublesome reverie. After all, she had come on a task, come for answers, and she would stay for as long as it took to get them. Was it the howling wind that had finally got his attention or the sound of her voice so unfamiliar and laden with a connection he could not deny? He looked at her as if he wanted to speak but was out of practice with his voice. It was getting darker now and they would need to descend towards shelter soon as the waves no longer seemed possessed of their former tranquility. "Master Skywalker," she repeated and this time it was almost a reminder to him of who he had been and who she now needed him to be. "I've been sent by the Resistance to find you." "Sent..." he said and his voice was as craggy as they had both expected it to be. He tucked his lightsaber into the fold of his robe, never breaking his gaze with the girl. "Who are you?" It was barely above a whisper and the eyes whose shape she could barely make out were glowing like beacons in the sinking night. In truth, there was no right way to answer that question. "I'm...I'm Rey," she managed to breathe out. "I pilot the Millenium Falcon now that..." That lump in her throat again. Now was not the time so she let the sentence hang though he seemed to have anticipated her. "The lightsaber- it called to me. I've seen things-" she began and a chill ran down her spine as the temperature plummeted and the serenity of the sunset was broken by the oceanic storm now soaking them through. Luke ignored the weather and it seemed to her that he wasn't done with his study, that he was undecided as to whether he should allow her to seek shelter with him or banish her there and then. Lightening struck on the horizon and there it was again, that feeling he hadn't been able to rid himself of completely since the moment she'd arrived. And as she stared at him, quaking in the cold, a miserable thing ready to do the bidding of one she'd referred to as master , he allowed himself to search his feelings- a task he'd long since forsaken- and to follow the thread of the connection he was almost scared to acknowledge. Unsurprisingly he found the lingering taint of his nephew in the recesses of her mind and she wondered how she let him in so casually, master or otherwise. The rain brought with it images he had been unprepared for; his nephew again, armed and lethal while his on-going battle with the light undeniable, Han fading into the depths of an undeserved end, his last testament hope, everlasting... He saw himself and R2-D2, this girl, Rey, facing the next chapter of a story that now entrenched them all and, finally, he saw a little girl, deserted in the sands of an infernal paradise. He saw a ship speeding off into the sky, leaving a crying child to an unknown fate and prodded deeper. Rey shivered and tried to warm herself. Luckily the rain was disguising any tears that may have been streaming across her face and she let him in further, hoping to give him enough to establish some trust between them. And he reached in further until he saw the silhouette of a grizzled man, his face cut with an unreadable expression, seemingly devoid of emotion, carrying the girl, still asleep in his arms, off the ship and out into the blinding brightness of Jakku. He saw that face and his own twisted with confusion at this deepening mystery. How- Lando Calrissian. Chapter 2 : Ghosts A/N:Hope you're enjoying the story thus far and that it's piqued your interest. The timeline's going to be a bit tricky to work but I know where I'm going with this so expect more surprises. Please excuse any spelling mistakes (my spellcheck is already going bugnuts with all the names I'm throwing at it). Enjoy. (II) How it had come down to these dirty, cryptic machinations was anyone's guess. Truly there was a source but the story reached back into the depths of memories he no longer sought solace in for there was not enough comfort left in the galaxy, not enough drink left in the bottle to save any of them. Did he dare indulge anyway? What the hell; it wouldn't be the first time. He took a swig and coughed immediately. It burned more than it should have. Lando knew himself to have been a better man once upon a time. These days the Lando who had once been seemed as distant as the skies upon which the Cloud City had floated. So much for that lost whore of a dream that was a free Bespin. Over the years he'd made forgetting his modus operandi but with the news of Han's fall everything came crashing back faster than a 12 parsec Kessel run and... he chuckled sorrowfully at his own twisted nostalgia and took another swill from the creature's hand before it'd even set the glass on the bar. Not much longer til he got kicked out of the canteena so he allowed himself the remaining drudges of his respite. Wallowing had become the favored sport of the decade. Staying in touch with Leia, however sporadic, had been a mistake and he knew that now. After all was said and done he should have left them all to their fates but the galaxy was far too small for that family and even smaller for their mistakes. He slammed the glass down on the counter harder than he should have, drawing unwanted attention. That's it , he told himself, one more stunt and out you go again. Damn their sorry - There wasn't a spaceport, canteena, hovel or sinkhole left for him to mope in and drinking alone would have been unbearable. No- never alone. Not with all the ghosts. The ghosts haunted him through the days and the nights, caring nothing for the bloodshot insomnia he knew was the least of what he deserved. And you had to go and get yourself killed, you bastard... He could hear the tortured screams of the little girl, so piercing it was as if the sand beneath her feet had set her ablaze. But he'd made a bargain with the time's reigning evil and he'd set out to make right by it, by them all, even if he couldn't bring himself to kill an innocent child. He'd told Vader, made even the Sith Lord understand that he was no bounty hunter, no killer of the innocent... But the shell of Anakin Skywalker would not be made to understand nor was he deterred from demanding Lando as his assassin in exchange for the safety of Bespin. After all, the Death Star was still presumed operational and the hope of the Rebel Alliance's victory such a pipe-dream- "More of that other stuff," he said in his normal gritted manner, rubbing at his eyes with his fists, elbows propped up on the counter, his shoulders above his ears. Your witchery brought us all to this, Vader. You cursed the entire galaxy to this madness . When the new prophecy had been foretold of the one who would mar the balance of the Force, he hadn't paid it much mind. Vader's verbal conjuring had meant nothing to him at the time and with his ultimate end at the hands of his son, the deal was, as far as Lando was concerned, null and void. Had they not defeated the ultimate evil? In any case, prophecies were old news; stories he'd especially come to take for granted in light of the all-too-real scheming he'd partaken in. And then, as if the days of peace were but a smear of cloud lightly touched upon a sky of poison, they were over and from the embers of a not yet ashen Empire rose the First Order- and the first betrayal. He stuck his nail into a groove in the bar and ran it back and forth, looking away into the past...The moment Ben turned he became a young Vader reborn and Lando saw something die inside of his friends; his friends who had deserved their dearly bought happiness many times over. That day something had died inside them all and the Skywalker family was broken anew. Few knew how he, Lando, had happened upon Luke that day on Endor, sunken by his father's pyre, as lost in the flames as his innocence despite the festivities of a galaxy apparently freed from corruption. Even fewer knew it was he who salvaged the remnants of Vader- his helmet- to keep as some perverse reminder of the delicate edge they all teetered on. Night after night he peered into the burnt mask, demanding questions before answers, any sort of clarity, oftentimes scared it would metamorphose from its broken bones into a new Sith lord and strike him down. Other times wishing it would. They had all lost too much in the wars... One night, as he sat contemplating by the fire, he heard whisperings so thin and biting they froze the very tendrils of his heart. He ignored them at first, attributing it to some sort of post-traumatic stress from the battles he'd been all to eager to play hero in but as the night permeated, so did the messages until he knew once more his oath to the light-returned. Find her, it hissed in the emptiness . She must be destroyed before she breaks the balance. Nothing had made sense in that pitch room, his sweating chest heaving with each command his ears strove to defy. But he couldn't bring himself to do it. She'd been such a young, innocent thing. Han, you sonofabitch, you were no help , he thought and chuckled again, this time almost choking on the drink serving as a balm for his hoarse throat. The only person in the galaxy he trusted hadn't been able to make sense of the cryptic message and had gone all but ballistic when he found out that a part of Vader, however inanimate, had survived the pyre. They'd had a full row that day- Han turning his back immediately on what he'd called hokey ghost stories and the space cases who believe in them and he trying to get his wits back about him before they went at it again, fists and all. That is, until the First Order. The day they sought to to take over Bespin was the day Lando found her; still a small, young thing in her atrocious mother's arms. The sight of the woman still plagued him for she was something vile to behold, dressed entirely in reds and blacks like some regal tarantula about to be choked by its own billowing skins. Lando believed in the Force well enough, except when it concerned himself, though he would vouch until his dying breath it was the Force what guided him that day and he knew the child even before she knew herself. The rest was a frenzied escapade as he did one of the few things he was exceedingly good at: he smuggled. The child was inconsolable but he made it to the farthest destination he could think of: Jakku. It was a desert wasteland beyond the scope of anyone hostile and if Luke had made it on Tatooine... Marooning her was not what he had agreed to but he would not be made a killer, no matter how steeped in to the drink he was... I'm not a killer. I ain't no killer... Did the right thing...Then ya had to go and get killed, you bastard. But I didn't kill ya, though I wanted to a few times. I ain't a killer. Did the right thing... "That remains to be seen, Calrissian." He'd been so drunk in his misery he hadn't noticed the lack of music in the canteena or the withering silence of the merrymakers as the figure cloaked entirely in black stood behind him menacingly. "There was a time you used to call me Uncle Lando," he said, staving off the alcohol for all the good it did him. "Yeah... sure was a long time ago," he said finally turning around on his seat to face yet another ghost. "Do not make this difficult for yourself, Calrissian. Now tell me: where is my disciple?" Chapter 3 : Visions of the Force A/N: Thank you to everyone who is still on board. I'm making every effort to make this worth your while. It's difficult to attempt a different spin with all the lineage theories flying about but I've accepted the challenge nonetheless and hope that the surprises end up being...well... surprising! A note on the shifting perspectives: with such a history-laden mythology one can't help but infuse background, if only for the sake of reference (however non-canon those references may be). If indeed there are any errors in continuity I shall hope to catch them early on or remain blissfully ignorant and go about my merry way. Fanfiction does offer us such perks. And now, enjoy. (III) Visions often came to him like shadows crawling out of a primordial ooze, their roots stuck deep, their sinewy half-limbs writhing to get out. The visions had been his constant companions throughout his masked life and he had all but perfected the art of recognition. That is: his ability to recognize the constants within a shape-shifting future and a distant light within the nightmares. It was his curse to bear. To act upon half-truths and take calculated risks to ensure victory was another matter entirely but, again, it was a task he had become accustomed to, a skill he had perfected in his solitude and one that remained beyond the taint of even the so-called strongest. He had seen a break beyond the clouds- that unceasing pull towards a light that, while dim, had never waned. He had never been able to pinpoint exactly which vision it was that finally began to break his poisoned romance with the darkness but the more the sentiment took hold, the quicker he'd spiraled towards that light and such was how the real torment began. A lifetime of evasion, of evading everything pure in favor of servitude, of being a slave to primeval forces had been unable to deter his inevitable return. But there was a hefty price to pay for no matter which side of the Force one was on, dealing in absolutes was destructive and it was a lesson one could only but hope to learn after a lifetime of devastation. For years he had seen variations of the same story but they grew clearer as did the acquiescence to his own demise at the hands of one whose existence had been a marvel to him and his master. But the visions had come before the boy who suffered his innocence to be torn in the midst of battle. He had been right. He had been right... A family came before his eyes that was not his own- a family he had, unknowingly, helped create. They were a unit poised to be torn apart by the eternal struggle between the darkness and the light but new powers would surface, long after he was gone, powers that, if not contained, would plunge the galaxy into another fever of sufferance. This time, he feared the sufferance would not end with him or with them or any cloaked creature pulling strings from behind the curtain of the shadows. Truly, the battle stood to outlast them all. He had foreseen it. It was then he felt a pull from within. This was not an offensive or intrusive sort of pull, rather a beckoning from the recesses of his soul he'd long since shunned. Curious, he'd ventured into his own wasteland, barren save for the tombs of those he'd butchered, along with their memories. Upon the ill-trodden path of his destiny he stumbled upon the vision. It was curious for he had never sought the vision out; it had always found him at the most insignificant (or so he'd deemed) moments, and it came in the form of a child. He was hard put to tell whether the shifting orphan was a girl or a boy but the silhouette of the darkness was unmistakable. It was the same venom he had become custodian of yet stronger, with its deadly potential to grow making it all the more remarkable. The child's eyes came alight with awareness as they scrutinized him and he felt himself small- he, a grown man and master of the dark- The cold was his mind playing tricks but he had played along and let the vision continue to set the scene. Suddenly, a convoluted wind broke around them, rustling his robes until they cast a shadow even in that wax light only to settle between him and the child. Reluctant to take his eyes off the figure, he slowly peered down and was taken aback at the darkness shaping itself on the surface beneath their feet. He watched it move as one watches a slow penetrating evil, powerless to stop it, and as the shadow took to its lines there was no denying the image the one he'd served for so long, the one he'd chained the remnants of his soul to. The putrid whites of his marred face, eyes swallowed and safe beneath the blackness of his hood, his smile the very manifestation of greed and a power-lust that had driven an entire galaxy into chaos and war... But enough. He took the vision and submerged it into his infernal depths as he had done with all the rest but a new commitment had won him over in the end and he strove to end his days by denying that ghoulish smile its purpose. He knew now that his salvation would come long after his demise- a victory he would not deny his son when the time came. But a final battle was inevitable, if only to perpetuate the secrets in the hope that the future generation would be stronger and more capable of mastering the Force. For him, it was too late. He felt something he'd not felt since... Fear. Fear for the future of a family that had been torn from him because of that devil-grimace. He saw a grandson too easily corrupted by darkness. Corrupted, perhaps, but closer to salvation than he himself would ever be from that point on. He saw his daughter weeping to the stars and the light of hope she could never fully abandon even in her violent despair. He saw a great battle in the bowels of an earthen core, fought by the future generation for the bracken souls they'd inherited from those who had mastered all except themselves. That foul corpse's pallid smear had stolen the light from his family- he could see that now- and Vader vowed in the darkness to repay him in kind... Chapter 4 : Saturation Point A/N: This beast is taking on a life of its own and I'm about to let it. (IV) There was too much Vader in him...it was as simple as that. The angel-faced oft have devils breeding inside them. It is an irrevocable destiny as unyielding as the flow of time. He'd taken a risk with Leia- but wasn't that the very essence of true love; the ultimate risk? The danger didn't lie in the love itself but in the seed they'd planted for the future. And he'd seen it, as early as the child's fourth summer, that propensity towards the darkness. Much as she denied it, so had she. He'd blamed himself for the child's wayward tendencies; after all, he was a rogue to the core and shied from communicative declarations whenever possible. Even the life and death speech had only come after the child had 'mistakenly' killed his pet, for the second time. This time he'd watched his son staring at the tiny corpse as if the first had been a fluke, the second an experiment. He knew better than to ask what had become of the creature callously, merely accepted it as it was and they sat watching twin moons in silence. The reverie was one they often engaged in but growing scarcer by the week. With so much needing to be said he still hadn't been able to formulate the sentences, fearing he'd do more damage than good. In truth, the offer to train with Luke couldn't have come a moment sooner. Thankfully Lando was with them, encouraging their decision to provide their child with the chance to explore this exceptional path. Rightfully so, the separation from his parents had broken the child's heart, so much so that even Leia had had second doubts about the decision. But he'd made up his mind and, just as he'd prepared himself to give the boy a speech about life's pursuits and destiny and the like, he found his son standing under the moons, staring out in the great expanse on such a night as many they'd shared though this happened to be his last before their separation. The boy stood alone. Surprising, considering they'd always shared the moment. Pale light shone on the small creation, the fruit of his love with Leia, and Han knew in that moment that there was nothing greater to live for. His moment of clarity, which should have been met with the consolation only one's own kin can bring, rather faced a stark silence and the feeling, that feeling , came back once more... "Hey Ben," he'd said in that awkwardly charismatic diminuendo only he was capable of delivering, closing his mouth immediately after, followed by a half smile that twisted just so that the scar on his chin became noticeable. The child stared into the night, stiff and full of pent-up emotion. Just like your mother , he thought and instantly stiffened at the implications of the thought, now six summers in. "Quiet night, huh?" Communication was not the forte of one who'd had a habit of breaking everything he touched and sometimes he cursed himself for ever trying. Next time he'd let the wookie take over. Yet the child said nothing. "So, ah... your mother and I are taking you to the halfway point in the morning." Silence again. The echo of the night became almost deafening in the interlude. Finally Ben turned around, his face stripped of any emotion- a chilling visage of a child who seemed to have aged throughout the day. "What are you going to do, dad?" he asked with such a monotonous tone he may as well have been tranquilized. It was enough to chill Han's bones. "What do you mean?" he'd asked, unable to make sense of the question. "When I'm gone. Mom says I'll be away for a long time... What are you going to do, dad, when I'm gone? Will I see you again?" That had been enough to break his heart and wordlessly he took his son into his arms. Upon releasing him from the hug he faced his boy with that same quirky smile, patting the child's raven hair down, enough so that he finally got a smile from the kid. They stayed that way for a while, sharing their half smiles until the cold of night set in and they went back indoors, hearts lighter than they had been. And where was Leia? Likely still catching up with Lando. Just as they parted ways, Ben to his room and he in search of his wife and guest, Ben spoke from the doorway of his room. "Dad." "Yeah, Benny." "I didn't... I didn't mean to do that to Unlce Lando. We were playing and... and...I love my present. Goodnight, dad." Han stared after his son as the child crawled into his bed. When the boy finally retired Han listened for voices but the house seemed devoid of anything but whispers. He walked until he was almost out of the kitchen when his boot skid on something slippery. The light was too dim for him to tell but he figured he'd managed to smear the stain onto the floor and Leia would definitely have his head for not cleaning up. He knelt down as if to wipe the stain but his hand stalled mid-air. The closer he leaned the redder the stain became. Then, what had started out as a singular patch became a trail of droplets. He followed them, out of the kitchen and through the next room, his panic increasing with each step. One full panic-stricken minute later he found the end of the crimson trail along with his wife and best friend, the former tenderly placing a healing salve on the latter's marred face as he continued to bleed onto the carpeting. Leia turned to him as soon as he entered the room, her face stricken with a foreboding worry he'd not seen since the carbonite... Lando had tried to laugh the incident off as child's play gone wrong but his carved face told a different story. As he looked into his wife's eyes she began to tear up and he knew that she had finally accepted sending Ben to train as the best hope for a future away from the darkness. There was too much Vader in him...it was as simple as that. Chapter 5 : Identity (V) "I'm not afraid," she said, huddled beneath a blanket shivering from the cold of her clothes saturated from the downpour. The fire helped but she hoped they didn't end up suffocating in that cave-lair before they'd had an actual conversation. She'd signaled to the others to stay in the Falcon and, depending on how their communication went, they might end up leaving her there indefinitely. Luke scoffed lightly despite himself. He recalled a scene with a brash youth sifting through unknown powers, unaware of his own capabilities and the reckless bravery his immaturity had afforded him a lifetime ago. How close he had been to the dark, how easily one was seduced by the poisoned side of the Force was a thought that haunted him still. He had been lucky. "What is it you wish of me?" he asked handing a cup of something steamy and vile-looking to the girl. Rey. Yes, that was her name. She thanked him quietly as he too sat down, poking and prodding at the fire and decidedly not looking at the girl. When she didn't answer he became confused by her own silent confusion. What did she wish of him? She started and stopped a few times before finally committing herself to words. "The lightsaber, your saber, Master Skywalker, called to me. I had visions, terrible scenes the moment I touched it. I'm- I'm sorry- I probably shouldn't have done that but now-" "It called to you," he interrupted, shifting some char aimlessly. "The Force called to you, as it once did to me. Only now have you chosen to answer it." "But- but I don't know why. I'm nobody!" she began sputtering. "I didn't ask for any of this and now-" she choked back the lump in her throat as soon as her voice began to break. She hated being this emotional but she had never in her life had so much happen so quickly. Not since... "What am I meant do now, Master Skywalker?" "The Force has lead you here, of that we may be certain." His stoic responses meant nothing compared to the build-up of rage she was barely stifling. He was being so vague and evasive she felt she'd gotten more information out of that monster Kylo Ren. Apparently sensing her growing vexation Luke said, "You must learn to be more guarded with your feelings. There are those who would seek to use them against you." He paused and turned to look at her, her eyes shining so brightly she dared not blink for fear of what might fall. "The Force is strong with you, young Rey. You must be mindful of it." The fire crackled but it wasn't producing nearly enough heat to overpower the chill of the turn the conversation was taking. "Mindful... It... it surrounds us, binds us..." At that even he had to lower his gaze further. "Master Skywalker?" she said but understood that he'd need more coaxing. "The First Order is after me. After us. The Resistance needs you now more than ever. Please don't turn your back on them. You owe me nothing, I know. If you turn me away I'll find my own way through this, somehow. It wouldn't be the first time..." She reminded him so much of Ben; tough on the outside, naïve and ready to face any opposition irregardless of the sacrifice. They were both too young to comprehend the consequences of their blind devotions. If only she knew what she was asking. "My days of training Jedi are over," he said, continuing, "I will not train you. And I will not endanger the entire Resistance by playing into the First Order's hands." That was that. The moment he turned quiet again she knew there would be no more prying his mouth open. Rey tossed her cover aside and prepared to leave. Storm or no, she would signal to the Falcon and leave the old hermit to wallow in self-guilt. She was almost in the clear when the brazen crash of thunder set off in her a personal storm which mirrored the one enveloping the world outside. Furious past the point of caring whether or not she offended the desolate creature he'd turned into, she stood and stared down at him with every layer of disgust imaginable etched on her face. But she'd have her say. "All my life," Rey began, "I've carried those stories and dreamed as if I'd been up there in the sky, fighting side by side with the Alliance against the darkness. I see now that my dreams were more dear to me than the reality was for you." He stiffened ever so slightly, enough to suggest that he was listening though he remained expressionless. Further enraged, she continued, "Every legend I've heard- every battle won and lost... You're not Luke Skywalker. Han was wrong- none of it was true," she snarled, "They were just stories." Once more, silence. Tight-lipped, she nodded her head slowly and said, "So be it...Jedi." As quick as the flashing lightening Luke's lightsaber was in his hand and at her throat. His breath was raspy and they were suddenly just a hair apart. She dared not move though the heat of the saber would tear through her jugular soon enough, even as he feverishly searched her eyes. And there it was, the electrifying chill of a grimace in the darkness, the missing piece of the puzzle he couldn't have completed without her. The sound of their heavy breathing could no longer be heard over the thunder rumbling in the distance. Neither one moved a muscle yet despite the raucous of nature's forces it was as if they both heard the malicious laughter dancing around the cave, just somewhere beyond death's horizon. Chapter 6 : Masters and Slaves A/N: The plot thickens... (VI) Kylo Ren had had it with the world, the system- the entire hellbent galaxy, in fact. He had become increasingly devoted to his fury and the years since his initial descent to the dark side had not delivered the fulfillment he had been promised, had slain in the name of. Undoubtedly, he was at the lowest point in his career and the need to take control was once again being overpowered by his unbridled rage which he was more than willing to direct at anyone- and that included Snoke. What did these fools take him for? Young he may have been, reactionary, too, at the best of times, but Kylo Ren couldn't have been farther from ignorant to the fact that everyone was trying to use him to fulfill one greedy ambition or another; just as they had been doing since the day his family abandoned him to his uncle's ancient devices. That was the day his life had begun to spiral out of control but his innocence was gone and there was nothing to be done for it. He had cut his strings from any would-be puppet-master long since. There was a reason he was master of the Knights of Ren. His uncle was a deluded, nonsensical crone who refused to see the world for what it had become. Luke Skywalker would never be anything but a slave to the Force and Ren refused to be bound up like a cowering novice when there lay at his fingertips, waiting to be seized, the golden opportunity to become a master of the Force rather than its hungry beggar. The Jedi had not shared his views. But the discord truly took hold when he happened upon his uncle once, speaking to ghosts in the darkness like a madman. Then still Ben Solo, he had heard his name being spoken and was about to reveal himself from his hiding spot when he realized that Luke was speaking to another Ben. It occurred to him after several moments of addled introspection that the only person his obviously senile kinsman could be talking about was Ben Kenobi- the Jedi master whom he had been named after. And what did it matter? Ben continued to watch his uncle, hidden by the silhouettes of the trees, and no extraordinary view was afforded save that of a lunatic speaking at the night, questioning and answering the nothingness. He was about to leave when he caught the tail end of the "conversation". "-he is too powerful to be left alone. I might have made a mistake in accepting to train him." Silence. So his uncle feared him, even after all their years together. He should have known that his kin's cold demeanor stemmed from the fear that he, a younger, stronger Jedi would eventually usurp control. Luke, the so-called Jedi master was afraid. Just like his mother had been. Just like his father... "-he's too much like my father. Leia knows it, Han's sensed it. That's why they sent him to me. He needs to master himself before he loses control...the dark side will try to seduce him. It will break him. "-because I've seen it. Vader's blood flows through his veins. He must prove his humility and devotion to the light by facing this new evil, this First Order they call themselves- "-it's a risk I must take, Ben! He is mine now to sacrifice. It must be done or we forfeit the entire balance of the Force." He had made a silent but hasty departure the moment it rang clear he had been lead to the slaughter all along. That was how the descent had started, how the words had festered in his heart, how the obsession with his grandfather- whose ultimate failure had come at the end when he allowed himself to be overpowered- had begun... He had never blamed Vader. The more he pieced the story together the more apparent it became that it had finally dawned on his grandfather the same way it had dawned on him: they were being used. Ben Solo, just like Anakin Skywalker, had been used and the thought inflamed him beyond words. So Kylo Ren swore to himself that day to never be counted among the weak and to find the strength to fight until his last breath to finish what his grandfather started; the ultimate battle and the one only those who were bound to the Force could ever understand: the battle for freedom. And he wanted her. Ardently. Desperately and unrelentingly. The girl whose existence he had cursed was a very gift from the Force itself. She was the missing piece to the puzzle of how he would come undone from Snoke's iron grip. To face the task alone would guarantee failure for, no matter how strong one was with the Force, fortune would always find a way to abandon the strong at the final hour and Ren was but one man who would be crushed under the weight of opposition- and Snoke's opposition would be ferocious. Tradition also dictated that there be two: a master and an apprentice. He had found his second. Soon the time would come to put an end to the Knights of Ren, as well. They had bloodied the galaxy together, carried the pillars of the First Order to such heights as they'd not dreamed would be reached by some one-off cult of the broken Empire, and slaughtered enemies in Snoke's name with such blind recklessness that concepts such as light and dark had become arbitrary ideologies thrown around by old wizards who knew nothing but to use the young for their own selfish gains. His knights lacked the strength and character to go beyond Snoke or the Order. They were butchers, ruthless mercenaries with gripes stemming from every part of the galaxy. But they would have to be destroyed ere they became the cause of his own ruin. His disciple would do the deed. It would be her final test and would cement her undoubted devotion to him. They would become an unstoppable force and maybe finally, just finally he could regain his peace of mind from the madness of the past. He would change his name and bequeath her a new one. They would never be slaves again. "There are things you are not telling me about this girl. This Rey ," Ren said through the low-tuned echo of his mask. The chrome gleaned from the florescent lighting in his personal ship enough so that Lando's blood-sweat reflected back at the hell-knight who paced around the tied down captor like a panther whose blood was laced with venom. He knew it would not take much longer to break Calrissian. The problem lay in the chance that his prisoner might not have anything of value to offer or serve any practical purpose in his quest to find the girl, in which case he would have to be taken care of, just like... He would not think of that now. None of them could have understood the purpose behind his actions- not even Snoke. In fact, he'd been betting on it. Lando coughed and a chill ran down his back. Being mentally tortured by a monster who wielded the dark blade of the Force like it was his personal toy blaster was worse then being thrown into a Sarlacc pit, any given day of the week. "Why do you wanna know about the girl, huh? You gonna kill her, too? She hasn't done anything to ya." "Leave my intentions to me. I have seen into her past- the past you have had a hand in. What is your involvement with the girl?" Ren asked, still circling his prisoner slowly, now one arm stretched out as if to invisibly pluck the information from his uncle's tortured mind. "Still got that mask I gave ya? Must be a collector's item for you no- aaaah!" Lando groaned in pain and his body contorted as much as the restraints would allow. "I told you," he moaned, spasms shifting him irregularly to the right and left, "I don't know who she is-aaah! or what she even is-" Ren ignored the screaming. He had not been the one insisting on making the process difficult and now his vexation was on the rise. His words became choppy and even though it was hidden by his mask, he knew his jaw to be clenching tighter and tighter until he had to force the words to come out. "Then why take the child and abandon her on Jakku? Someone knew she was a threat to the Force. Someone knew how powerful this child would become. Who put you up to this Calrissian?" his mask was in Lando's face. He didn't want to break the man before he got his answers but the risk was becoming very real. Finally, through strained breath, the man answered despairingly, "Your...your grandfather. Va- Vader ..." and slipped into the darkness, utterly debilitated by the torture. Ren watched his eyes roll back as he slipped into a semi-comatose state. He had not budged, with his hands on either side of Calrissian's strapped arms and his mask not far from his captor's face. In a moment, Ren turned and left the room in favor of the solitude of his black room- the place where he kept his prized collections safe and where he could think above all else. Tomorrow he would pluck out the rest of the information from Calrissian and would burn the entire system down to find the one who would become his disciple, if necessary. He sat down and unlatched his mask. The air in the room always had a certain taint to it when he drew his first breath sans filtration. He laced his fingers together and rested his lower face against his hands, eyes transfixed upon the gnarled remnant of his grandfather's guise. He delved into the meaning behind mysteries old and new, deceptions that were a part of his history and how they had helped shape the psyche of the confused man who now sat questioning the past, still unanswered, still alone. Images came flooding back to him of a fading light and a hand caressing his face before that, too, was enveloped by the darkness. But one thing he knew and it was the only thing he could never make his obstinate uncle or emotional mother understand, if ever he could have the chance, was that it wasn't his father he had killed on that bridge but the last of his hope for redemption, the last ray of light seeking him out in the darkness, for which he would someday pay a very dear price. Kylo Ren sighed but never broke his gaze with the helmet for that was the way of things. For once, it was not towards his grandfather that his thoughts bent. Someday I will join you, father. I will fall at your feet and beg your forgiveness. Now... I must finish what has already begun. For honor. For salvation. For our family. Chapter 7 : Blood (VII) He should have cut her down then and there but there was no mistaking the terror in Rey's eyes nor the innocent confusion that lay just behind them. But for all her internal chaos Luke had heard the words and he was no longer at odds with himself about the girl. She had to be dealt with, one way or another. Quickly. Rey didn't dare move but her eyes darted back and forth between the Jedi and the lightsaber at her neck. The last words she had spoken which had brought them to that stance had come from within, as if they belonged to someone else- someone whose existence she'd been unaware of and one whose void-like darkness emptied her very light and defecated on her once-untainted spirit. The verbal discharge had been akin to vomit; unstoppable once it reached the mouth and its trajectory certain. The Force was not the only thing to have awakened within her and she would never again possess the pureness she'd been defined by on Jakku. Rey was now caught between the whispers of the past and they spoke of things she couldn't make sense of. One glance at Luke, one longing glance begging for sense and she knew that what monster crawled beneath her surface had revealed itself to him. That had been its intention all along. When her neck began to burn from the proximity of the saber Luke finally saw it fit to return it to its sleeping position though he would keep it close at hand henceforth. He motioned for the girl, who now breathed a bit more easily, to be seated, never taking his eyes off her or any of her other choice nuances. They were at an impasse. “I-” she began and was immediately silenced by his burning scrutiy. The storm had picked up and every pang, every assault on their shelter made her jump. Her nerves were officially shattered but she made every effort to keep it together if only for the sake of not giving the Jedi a reason to kill her. The cry of the wind mimicked her own desperation and she shivered again. Suddenly, Rey burst out, “What's happening to me?!” and stifled her sob though her eyes gave everything away. Luke rearranged the char in the fire. He hadn't felt such a burden on his shoulder since his self-imposed exile. “The Force is strong with you, Rey,” he began calmly. “Too strong. I've only ever seen one who could match it and you stand to surpass him.” Rey cast her eyes down, her emotions mounting and beginning to spiral out of control. “No- no! It can't be! Darth Vader ? How can I possibly be related to that monster?!” And in that moment, Luke wished she had been right. His all-too disturbing conclusions were wreaking havoc in his brain and the more they raged, the more he wished he could count the girl as part of his kin. But there was no undoing blood and she would forever be bound to what ran within her veins. “No,” he spoke, “not Vader. “You're not from our line.” He chose his next thoughts very carefully, indeed, for they were treading broken ground. “Those words you spoke; I've heard them before. Tell me what came to you as you said them.” “It-it was too sudden-” “ What did you see, child?!” “I saw a smile- a hideous smile...” she blurted. “I heard something laughing and felt it, him, take over. I didn't mean to say that! But that mouth- it's like it was my own! He spoke and I spoke and...and... What's happening to me ?” she broke down at last. Luke couldn't bear to look at her. He turned back to the fire, desperate and saddened by the turn of events. “You must learn to control your feelings now. They will come for you.” “They?” she asked between her choked cries. “All of them. They will seek to control you. To use you. You must learn to master the Force before he bends you from the inside. What is done cannot be undone. We can only hope to contain it before your power breaks us all.” He folded his hands and the reflection of the flames danced in his eyes. Rey sniffled and asked somberly, “Are you going to- to kill me?” “No,” Luke answered and, after a long pause, “I am going to train you.” “But I thought you said-” “Nothing else matters now,” he interrupted. “You're too dangerous. I had thought you bore some relation to my old master, Obi-Wan... His power was tremendous. But it was nothing in comparison. You carry something far more sinister and unless you wish to be corrupted by the dark side you must entrust me with your training.” She jumped up to and her reaction was a final desperate plea for answers. “I- But you must tell me! Master Skywalker if I'm sort sort of monster- I must know what I'm up against! If I'm not of your line who could I possibly-?...” Her voice trailed off and Rey slowly descended to the ground and wrapped her arms around her tucked legs. She stared into space but saw nothing of her surroundings for the visions shot past her, faster than light and broken like the spews of blasters. But the answers were there. Luke watched her searching herself, amateurishly tapping into her new powers and the chips falling into place one by one. She could only recall that she'd heard his name spoken in the murky twilight of her youth, by strangers and faceless passersby, but she couldn't remember the name itself. He was a disfigured wielder of the blackened art, a wizard who had trespassed into the Force and stained it with his unceasing bloodlust. He had been a puppeteer of millions... Used his training and powers to kill so that he, too, might one day become a master of death. But it was his insatiable lust for power that drove him to such heights, driving him to commandeer an empire. He was a chimera surrounded by the cryptic forces of things she dared not name, things that never dared lurk within the light. He was her blood and she had been bred for the sole purpose of carrying it. “It's not possible...” she whispered. Luke buried his emotions. It was better she found her way to the truth for acceptance would come more naturally. “He hid you beneath the veil of our prophecies. Your grandfather . ” “You...You've faced him before,” she said in quiet affirmation. “I have,” Luke confirmed grimly. “It was my father who killed him.” Chapter 8 : Deception (VIII) Nothing about the fire was calming to her. Even its warmth seemed to have dissipated until it felt to Rey that she was watching a neutral red-orange animal whose tendrils danced about uninterruptedly in front of her. She had curled up in front of it for some companionship but the loneliness of her fate made any coherent thought unattainable, even with the Jedi in the room. “Your training will begin at first light,” Luke began. “There is one of the Order who will not stop until he has you within his grasp. I fear I've been blind to his true purpose. Even now it evades me but there is a greater ambition at work here...” He had picked up the habit of tugging at his beard, much as Obi-Wan had, finding the action to be a calming mechanism for the aging man he had become in the blink of an eye. Rey stared at the fire, torn by the need to bare her thoughts in their entirety to her new lifeline and the need to delve so far into herself that she irrevocably destructed from within. A crackle of the burning wood brought her back from the descent and she found herself divulging her thoughts semi-symbiotically, half-hearing herself speak, otherwise drifting along a tepid ocean devoid of life and function. “I know who it is you speak of, Master Skywalker,” she said, leaning towards the fire. “His voice comes to me in the darkness.” Luke wanted to ask how that was possible but lent an ear to the girl's outward stream of consciousness. “In my deepest thoughts I hear his whispers.” She paused and reached out to play her hand over the fire. Luke watched her twist her right hand through slowly, over and under, in and around, bending it this way and that without a thought as to the extreme heat which, by all rights, should have consumed her skin. Curious. “You have already formed a connection,” he concluded. “He has begun to turn you.” “No,” Rey retorted sharply, pulling her hand out of the fire to swerve around from her perch and face him. “No. He is not what you think. He... he fears me. Fears what I'll become. I believe he wants to turn me away from the fate he's facing.” She paused to make certain she phrased her next sentiment correctly. “And he fears himself- that he'll never have the strength to follow through. His passion drives him.” “I don't believe him to be as altruistic as you say, child. Ben is of my line. He was ... Kylo Ren is a corrupt creature enslaved by the deceptions that bent his path. He will employ the same methods to turn you to him.” He paused. “I cannot allow myself to hope otherwise.” Luke looked at her with more genuine concern than he had shown since her arrival and the succeeding events. “You must adopt the same attitude. We cannot afford to risk this connection. You must endeavor to sever your tie with him before it takes hold or our efforts are lost.” “He will never loosen his grip,” she replied. “He believes that we will be the ones to bring balance to the Force. Together.” Unspoken, they understood in that moment that Kylo Ren's determination would inevitably lead him to their door, wherever that door may be. He could never be deterred from his prize and Luke's final campaign could only be to prepare the girl for the confrontation. She would have to kill the boy for there was no redemption in him that was discernible. Luke had seen just how far Ben Solo's path had swayed from the light and he was now the head of a snake whose coils were on the verge of crushing the known galaxy. He would not risk the loss of Rey, this new hope; not for the salvation of his murderous nephew, not for the devotion of a much-beloved sister. Ben had chosen his stance and they would retaliate in turn. Luke's thoughts returned to the only time he had sensed the last glimmer of light in a soul which had contorted beyond comprehension. He had never given up on his father and his instinct had served him well in their final confrontation. But Luke was, at the very least, wary of Rey's adolescent instincts and unprepared to adopt them as their premise for rebuttal. She was not yet strong enough to sift through and distinguish between the lies and machinations. He wondered when the obsession with power and the fixation on immortality would finally curdle, that it may be stamped out enough for the people to be at peace. As the last of the Jedi order his philosophy dictated that he accept the undying presence of evil. Good and evil were inextricable forces forever bound to one another beyond their petty squabbles and they would outlast them all. But they would find a way to turn the tide in good's favor for evil had claimed enough of their lives, enough of their lands and Luke was a soldier of the light. It was his fate. “You must break the bond, Rey.” She heard him, even above the echo of crude laughter still wafting across her ocean. She feared the bond forged could never be undone but she wouldn't trouble her teacher with that until she was assured of its nature. There was more light in Kylo Ren than Luke could understand and it was not in her power to convince him as such so she would have to bury her thoughts deep and even deeper than that... Even from him. “Take rest, child,” Luke finally said, standing to show her to her new quarters. “I have more questions. About... about him .” “We begin your training in the morning. We will seek out answers, together. Now we must rest.” Though he would have much liked to see his old friends, Luke bid Rey send a message for the crew to take their leave. He would contact the Resistance and Leia when the time was right. So it was with a heavier heart than the one she came with that Rey retired to her new chamber, in what would be her home for the foreseeable future, and the nightmares battered at her mind for many nights to come thereafter. ** They stood between towering trees casting monstrous shadows under the pallor of some forgotten moon. No stars plagued the night sky and the darkness overpowered the light so much so that her eyes strained to differentiate between the silhouettes. Several meters lay between them and not a breath of air disturbed the death-like calm of the wood, nor did it stir the rustle of a single leaf. But she could hear his placid breathing almost as if it were whistling past the hairs on her neck and the rush of his presence was as prominent as it had been at their first meeting. She feared she would never keep her pulse at bay so long as he was in proximity. And that was always. “I know what it is you fear,” he said smoothly but his voice was devoid of aggression. “And I know yours.” The dialog was smooth and flowed just as easily, like whispers in a wind that had forsaken them, each word dancing off of the one preceding it. “You know only what I've shown you. You begin, now, to understand the scope of the deceptions we've been born into.” “Why did you bring me here, Ren?” The silence of the forest was deafening. He walked towards her slowly and the only sound to be heard was the brush of his robes against his legs for the ground beneath them was mossy and gave nothing away. They stood facing one another but a few feet apart and it seemed to Rey that she could see the light of the moon reflecting warily in his eyes, almost afraid that if it gave too much of itself he would swallow it whole and leave them both snuffed out under the deadwood's canopy. “You brought me here,” he answered calmly. They studied each other in that frozen vision, a world they had unknowingly created for their own particular interaction, far from the blasts and the grimaces of death and the wiles of the Force, and Rey felt for the first time that she knew more about him than he about her. But they were far removed from fear, here in the deadwood where even their emotions seemed to be a lifeless crevice carved into the scenery, and they studied each others' energy like some sort of danse macabre between specimens on the cusp of martyrdom. “Is this a dream?” “No,” he said softly, breaking his stare and sitting by the base of a tree trunk. “Certainly not my idea, anyway,” he added and she almost caught herself smiling at the snake. “Come. Sit.” His voice still bore his particular air of command and she would have defied him but it seemed to her that they were not in a place where either could come to harm. Moreover, there did not appear to be such intent. She sat by the other side of the trunk and both their backs were propped up against it while they were almost side by side. “I take it this was preferable to Jakku?” “I-” “You have an unnatural fascination with trees.” “Everything about this is unnatural,” she admitted quietly and for a few moments they regained the silence. “You have chosen to train with the Jedi,” he said, staring at the moon and not taking any particular pleasure in the sight. “As I mentioned before: he, too, will disappoint you.” “I did not choose this. You chose this path for all of us.” “Perhaps I've done you a favor. The time will come when you will see behind their masks. I am the only one who has had the strength to show both faces.” “There are more faces you're hiding.” “You hate me for the things I've done but you've given yourself up freely to the puppet-masters. My grandfather had a vision- a vision I will see to its end. I do not hide,” he added at the end, suggesting she challenge him on that point. “I see you, Kylo Ren. You do not know what that end is. Or maybe you refuse to see it for what it is.” He scoffed lightly at that. “You will help me unravel the mysteries. I did not ask for this connection any more than you asked for this vision. But it is ours to share,” he said and she could not counter the truth of his declaration. “You will come to me in the end.” “No, Kylo Ren. You will come to me .” He chuckled softly and once again she was thrown by the lack of malice in his tone. They had guided each other through the vision and were come to its epilogue at last. She reviled at the undeniable notion that it had been the most calming respite from her nightmares in weeks and she was dejected at its loss. “We will see.” A diminuendo took Ren's last words with it as the vision of two young slaves sitting beneath the curtain of the deadwood faded.