"Help me," you say. There are tears in your voice that don’t manage to leave your eyes. But you can hear them, taunting. You're weak . You're failing . You will not complete your mission, the monstrous oath you took, with its moments of untempting redemption—a little girl, the lone survivor on a rainy salt flat outside a temple, screaming as you cut down her attacker. The same girl, screaming again because you left her, with a ship you paid for in blood, stolen from a thief stolen from your father, as payment for her life. Supreme leader knows. Knows your weakness, and your light. He saw that, where you said you would overcome, battling your breaking voice, what you felt was simply no . No, not him. For all the wrong he's done you, you still don’t want it to be him. He will make you fail . . . . He doesn’t know . “You sound like your grandfather, ” he'd bellowed at you once, some fight. He'd been appalled, aghast, and your mother had closed her eyes for so long and held her breath and two weeks later your uncle was visiting for the first time in months and she was saying “You should train with Luke,” calling you, as she did, by a name that’s dead to you. “You sound like your grandfather.” But that’s the point , you want to tell him. There are things you must destroy, because there are things you must protect. Vader taught you that, and you need him to teach you again, because it's tempting, it's so tempting, now, in light of this—your father’s latest treachery— to do things by halves. You could do the right thing. Destroy this base. Corrupt this weapon—you have the means to disrupt shields and send schematics and expose infrastructure and alert the traitors to order that call their ugly naivety good. You could, you could—it would be easier, all that. To destroy everything you’ve so painstakingly built before it can ever be used— You need him to show you. To remind you. You are weak you are failing and you must be defiant , you must do what is necessary you must be strong . And so you beg . “Help me,” you whisper. Help you kill, kill him, and you with him. “Help me, grandfather.” Tell me how to die.