Finn and Rey were in the mess hall talking about their respective training plans when they heard it. The whispers. It was as if people around them didn’t realize they could hear. They were talking about Poe, saying awful things. Didn’t they realize they were his friends? That it wasn’t right. “Did you hear he refused Jedi Master Skywalker’s offer to teach the little bastard?” “No way? Does he want to drive his son to the dark side the way General Organa’s poor son was?” “Apparently so. He was the one who drove The General’s son there in the first place. He had a bright future as a jedi before he got hitched to Dameron.” Rey had heard enough. She slammed her hands down on the table causing the trays and silverware placed there to clatter loud enough for the entire lunch room to hear. She couldn’t stand bullies and Poe Dameron had been nothing but thoughtful and generous to her during her time with The Resistance. She stood, held head high and eyes full of fury and stormed over to the table. Finn, had apparently had enough as well. He stood and followed close to provide her with backup she probably didn’t need. The table of ill-mannered gossips looked up when a shadow came over their table. It was the small lithe force user Skywalker was training and her shadow, the built man with stunning ebony skin who rumor had it had once been a Stormtrooper. “That’s bantha fodder you know. What you’re saying. It’s wrong and untrue and you should be ashamed of yourself.” Rey said, her voice even and stern, as if she was scolding a small child. “Besides, Kylo Ren turned to the dark side on his own. It had nothing to do with Poe.” Finn backed her up. “If you talk about him that way again I’ll be sure to tell General Organa that you volunteered for the most dangerous missions available.” Rey added, pushing down a feeling of sick glee at the way the color drained from the faces of the gossip mongers. “Oh, and the force doesn’t even work like that.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Raising Hell - Single Father Poe series Next Work →