Where Is She? A/N: I do not own Star Wars or any of the content in the story. I'm all about Reylo. Doesn't it feel right? I've been out of writing for a while, setting my sights on conquering the design world...so bear with me. This story has been nagging me since seeing the movie again and again. It's rated M for some later. Reylo smut later and disturbing crap. No apologies; The Red squadron came to a grinding halt, floating helplessly above Yavin 4. Their engines were crippled and all radio communications between the X-Wings fell silent. The Republic ambassador convoy they were escorting, was gone. They fled for hyperspace after catching a glimpse of the notorious Darksider in the silver and black TIE Interceptor. Like a firaxa stalking wounded prey, the TIE Interceptor approached the Red Leader. The distinct color and design pattern could be recognized by any Resistance fighter. This was Kylo Ren's TIE Interceptor; no one was going to survive the encounter. Red Leader Kal Nerro cursed into his comlink. The sound of static crackling would have been preferable. His R5 unit wasn't responding. The X-wing pitched starboard, and refused it's pilot's commands. Nerro frantically tried every switch and method to get his old fighter back online. He suppressed thoughts of his wife. Then he felt it; a foreign presence entering his mind. Nerro clenched his teeth. He felt as though his eardrums were about to burst. The cockpit appeared to shrink around him as the hull groaned. The noises were getting louder, rattling his core. Nerro grabbed at his helmet, trying to get it off. "Where is she , pilot?" The mechanical hiss of Kylo Ren echoed in his mind. Nerro's helmet and seatbelt tightened. His eardrums and eyes were throbbing. The Resistance pilot shook in agony, unable to relieve the pain. "The Jedi. Rey. Where are you hiding her?" Kylo Ren impatiently tunneled into the pilot's mind. He pushed the pilot to his breaking point before trying a different tactic. The pressure stopped and the poor Resistance pilot exhaled. The comlinks opened, crackling back to life. Nerro could hear the pilots around him, shouting in confusion over each other. Nero's throat was dry and he struggled to find his voice. Before he could muster a word to his pilots, a shrieking cry came over the comlink. Over his right shoulder, he saw Van Chijay being violently yanked out of her seat and out of the cockpit. "Help," She cried before her comm channel went deathly quiet. Nerro's heart skipped. He helplessly watched his friend get sucked into the void of space. The pilots next to Nerro were next. Kylo Ren plucked them out one by one. "No, Please! Stop!" Nerro desperately pleaded with the voice in his mind. He felt beyond sick, watching what was left of Red squadron float away. The TIE Interceptor maneuvered in a serpentine to face Nero directly. Through tears, Nerro could barely make out the dark silhouette of Kylo Ren. Nerro clamped down on the rockets and blasters, but they failed him. "The Jedi, then...what system!?" The echoing voice caused the Resistance pilot to tremble once more. The Sith Lord entered his mind like a razor. Kylo saw a glimmer of Rey off in the distance, talking with Leia Organa. She looked different; radiant and hopeful even. But he couldn't make out the words. Kylo slithered deeper. It was the Millennium Falcon taking off with Rey at the controls. The whole Resistance was there watching, feeling energized and optimistic. Kylo would extinguish that feeling soon enough. There was something missing though. Nerro had no idea where the Millennium Falcon was going. I...see. Kylo tightened his grip on the controls. Then you are no use to me . Kylo swung the Interceptor away from the X-Wing. Free from blinding pain, Nerro tried desperately to hail the Resistance. With a roar, the stalking interceptor swung around and open fired. A flash of green and the last Red squadron was eliminated. Kylo flew past the remaining lifeless bodies and aircraft. The incursion into the pilot's mind left him hungry. He reached out with the force. Rey . He waited for a response, but couldn't feel her. She had been quiet for months. Had she been shielding herself? It drove Kylo crazy. It was pointless for her to resist him. He reached for her again. Rey, how many times does this need to happen? You're friends don't need to die, not like this anyway. Come find me. You'll know where. An image flickered in Kylo's mind, something special for Rey to see. But there was no answer again. Kylo would seek out every Resistance pilot; he'd slaughter every Resistance member or sympathizer. Rey would answer eventually, to save her friends. Kylo punched in the coordinates to the Finalizer , and jumped away from the graveyard. The blue glow of hyperspace allowed Kylo to sit back for a moment. He took a breath and concentrated on Rey. He held her in his arms on Takodana. He had her tied up in the interrogation chamber. To be so close and fail to recognize he r, he thought. He focused on her face; her eyes and then her lips. Everytime he leaned in, she'd turn away exposing that neck. His attention lingered on her collarbone. She had resisted him then, just a scavenger. On Starkiller, she left him a daily reminder across his face. In a way, Rey had his admiration—along with something else. Chapter 2 : These Stars Summary: There's something about Rey. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Far away on Ahch-To... Rey felt a shiver creep up her spine. Was it the wind, or something else ? She tried to ignore it, but it was difficult hanging upside down. The stones she was levitating wabbled a bit, but Rey cleared her mind once more. She could feel the stones as if they were and extension of her fingertips. They felt rough, weather worn. Rey had been at this for hours, confident that she had gone much farther today than in previous lessons. Rey's training with Master Skywalker was approaching a year. She felt stronger; she was stronger. Rey felt the force flow through her with every slow breath. Her body felt weightless, balancing on her right hand. Her training had just started but she was determined to catch up for lost time. Rey was a bright glimmer of hope for the galaxy, whether she realized it or not. Nearby, Master Skywalker watched her closely. He stopped only to take some small puffs of his pipe. He felt a shift in the wind. The days were getting shorter; the island was cold. Master Skywalker took in his padawan's appearance. She needs to wear something warmer for winter . It must be the old man in him. He smiled slightly. That night, the two Jedi ate by the fire. Rey loved it's warmth. She inched closer to the fire while attacking the food in her bowl. As if realizing she needed to slow down, Rey stopped herself. Master Luke didn't seem to mind. "I think I went longer today. It's getting easier," She prodded. Luke took his gaze from the fire and looked upon his apprentice. Her eyes sparkled in the fire. He wanted to address her comment, but remained quiet. She had made considerable progress, but their relationship was tentative. He didn't want to make the same mistakes as last time. "I think I felt him ," she said quietly. "I didn't let him in. I'll never let him in. But I know he's been trying to reconnect." Rey bit her bottom lip and looked away. Master Skywalker cleared his throat. Kylo Ren wasn't a popular subject. Rey spent many sleepless nights when she first arrived because of Kylo Ren. She could feel him like a burning coal. Her first lessons had centered around denying that bond. "My padawan, take the rest of the evening to clear your mind. We've put these barriers in place for reason. They'll continue to work, no matter what Kylo Ren tries." Luke set his plate down and stood slowly. His expression was long and worn. Luke knew they were overdue for a long conversation about his fallen apprentice. But not tonight. Rey kept her eyes trained on him as he turned and headed for his dwelling. He always went to bed first. She stayed near the fire, tucking her knees under her chin. There was a very dull sensation at the base of her skull. Almost like a headache that wouldn't completely fade. She closed her eyes and cleared everything else away. What a lovely evening , she thought while gazing up at the stars. Far away, lurked a brooding figure. Kylo Ren stood on the bridge of the Finalizer, starting out the window. There were countless stars in his view. One of these systems, he thought. One of them had his prize. Notes: Sorry for the short chapter. I really wanted to check in Rey. Chapter 3 : The Resistance Summary: The Resistance is sustaining heavy losses at the hands of Kylo Ren. If only there was someone that could stop him. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) General Leia Organa looked pale. She had that familiar pit in her stomach as she reached for her chair. Poe Dameron, was a few feet away delivering the worst news to her lead dispatcher, Pamich Nerro. Pamich let out a cry and Poe Dameron embraced her. Pamich slouched in a heap on the cold floor, as Poe tried to catch her. The command center was eerily quiet. Everyone stood and eyed the two on the ground. The last of the Red squadron was gone. They sustained heavy losses destroying The Starkiller Base , so their numbers were thin. Leia knew her son was behind this, even if the droids' data archives were lost. He had done this before; capturing a transport vessel and attacking a pair of Blue squadron pilots. More of her friends had died at the hands of the monstrous, Kylo Ren. Han Solo had died because she asked him to bring Ben home. Finn entered at some point. He stood next to the General and watched his friend, Poe Dameron. Poe was still in his orange flightsuit. By now others came to help the grieving widow. Poe stood up with his hands on his hips. His expression was somewhere between upset and pissed off. With fierce eyes he stepped toward the General. "We have to do something about this," he gritted out. The General looked up to see a very determined Poe Dameron hovering over her. "We can't keep sustaining these losses." He snapped. "What about making contact with Rey." Finn hadn't seen her in a year. He missed his friend dearly. General Organa glared at Finn. "Not this again. How many times have I told you?" She stood as Finn and Poe exchanged looks. "Then we need to pull them out into the open. The ones that are doing this." Poe continued as the General walked a few paces from him. "Our guys aren't even fighting back. That much I know. They must have a new weapon at their disposal. Something that disables our ships." Leia closed her eyes. "No, it's not a weapon. It's Kylo Ren." Her cheeks flushed red. Very few people knew the connection she had with this monster. She turned to face them trying to regain her composure. Poe seemed to be at a loss for words. "Then Rey and Luke Skywalker need to be warned. He must be looking for them, like before. That's why he let that Republic transport vessel leave." Finn had a point. Leia sighed. She could feel it. This was something he'd do . This was something Vader would do. "Rey's training is too important. Especially if Kylo Ren is this powerful now. We need to buy her more time," said Leia. "But if he can pull our ships out of the sky, it won't matter. There won't be a Resistance for her to fight beside," Poe resisted the urge to punch the nearby console. Kylo Ren had invaded his mind and tortured him. He nearly killed Finn and was responsible for the deaths of countless others. "For now I think we should limit our squadron to patrols only. I wanted everyone on the ball at all times. First sight of trouble, jump to hyperspace," Leia said with a tone of finality. "I am confident the Republic's fleet will be joining ours soon enough. The treaty with the First Order ended the moment they fired that weapon. Which reminds me, I need to get ready." Leia turned and walked away with C-3PO shuffling after her. She had a meeting in two days before the Senate survivors. Eliminating the First Order became something of a unifying goal. "Maybe we can set some sort of trap for that freak ," Poe watched the General leave the room. "Is it possible to trick someone like Kylo Ren?" Finn asked. He had his doubts, especially after their last encounter. "We just have to find something he wants," Poe gave Finn a pat on the shoulder and they rejoined the group huddled around Pamich Nerro. Aboard the Finalizer , Kylo Ren leaned back his chair. He ran his fingers through the brown hair of stormtrooper CA-4595. "Sir, I'm going to be late," she panted. "Then you better hurry, CA-4595," Kylo hissed through his helmet. He gripped her tighter and she pressed her lips around his stiff member. They found their familiar rhythm once again. Kylo groaned, watching her closely. From this angle, she almost looks like Rey . The curls on either side of her face bounced with each movement. CA-4595 hurried to get back into her uniform. She left the rags and wrappings he insisted she wear on the floor. She wished there was a mirror in his quarters. He always insisted her hair be done a certain way; which wasn't exactly regulation. It wasn't her place to question. She pulled her helmet last. No time for a shower, she thought. "I'll tell the Captain you were assisting me," Kylo had his back to her. "Sir, my schedule this week," She started but he cut her off. "I know your schedule CA-4595," he replied. After she left, Kylo removed his mask. He dropped it on the floor next to the damp light gray clothes. For once, he was thankful the Force connection between he and Rey was severed. Notes: Yeah, Kylo Ren is in a bad place. Be careful what you fish for, Poe. The Nerro family, I swear I won't pick on them anymore. She has one line in the movie, so I invented a husband to 86. CA-4594 would be the one girl in the First Order that remotely resembles Rey. Reylo stuff to come. Chapter 4 : Just A Dream Summary: Rey's dream reopens the dangerous connection she's been denying. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "You've really done it now Ren," General Hux shuffled his feet to catch up to the Sith Lord. "Where am suppose to store this captured Resistance vessel? It belongs in the scrap heap." Kylo Ren stopped and turned his head slowly. "I don't care where you store it. Just make sure it's ready to fly when the opportunity arrives," he replied sharply. One day, he was going to shove Hux out the airlock. What opportunity? He wondered but didn't want to give Ren the satisfaction of knowing something that he didn't. General Hux looked down at the loathsome Resistance ship and sneered. The vessel looked like Kylo Ren had been using it for target practice. The Finalizer had just completed its repairs and was in pristine condition. Then of course, Ren had to bring this eyesore on board. "I've spoken with the Supreme Leader. These little excursions leave you vulnerable. He wants you to have TIE fighter escorts at all times." General Hux saw this a little victory, even if it meant Ren would be safer. Perhaps this IS the day I shove you out an airlock , he thought before getting right in the General's face. Kylo had warned General Hux about speaking to Snoke without his presence. "Supreme Leader Snoke agrees, you should hunt down the Jedi. But you should have backup. What if the whole Resistance fleet surrounded you?" There was a hint of something different in the General's voice. A tremble. Since returning, Kylo Ren had choked out several officers aboard his ship. Rank didn't appear to matter. "It hasn't been an issue so far." Kylo Ren leaned and peered over Hux's shoulder as if was looking at someone. Hux turned awkwardly, but had no idea what Ren was looking at. "If there is nothing else," Kylo Ren turned and stormed away. "There's also the matter of a certain stormtrooper!" He shouted but Kylo was gone. Rey woke suddenly. She sprang forward, struggling to breathe. The cool air kissed her burning skin in the moonlight. Reaching up, she wiped her sweaty forehead. Just a nightmare, she thought trying to calm herself. Her brow furrowed as she tried to make sense of the images she saw. She breathed through her nose and focused on the cloudy scene. She had been back aboard the Finalizer. Rey looked around wide-eyed, as a casual observer. Two figures approached her, just footsteps at first. Rey froze when she recognized the daunting stride of Kylo Ren. Holding her breath, the two walked past her. They were talking and didn't notice her. The Jedi crept closer trying to make out the conversation, but it sounded distant and muffled. She stepped right behind the unknown officer, trying to eavesdrop. Kylo Ren turned and walked away in a hurry leaving the pale officer. Rey scurried after him. May not be the wisest idea , she reflected. Kylo Ren turned a corner and appeared to vanish. Rey's feet skidded to a stop. She scanned the corridors and saw no sight of her counterpart. Then her pulse quickened and she felt the skin on her neck crawl. Kylo Ren was standing behind her. He placed a gloved hand on her shoulder. She jerked sharply getting distance from the man in the lifeless mask. "What are you doing here, Scavenger?" He leaned in while asking her. Rey looked closely at the mask. She had seen it before, but this one looked brand new. It had an unusual detail that appeared to match the scar she gave him. This is feeling a little too real , she thought. Rey's weapon pressed against her hip. She was faster and could reach for her lightsaber first. "If you're here to talk, you're too late," he sounded mournful which was surprising. Kylo Ren looked away. What do you mean? She asked. Kylo Ren motioned toward the flightdeck. Rey watched him closely as he stooped by the railing. Below on the flightdeck, stormtroopers were lined up on either side of a Resistance transport vessel. Rey's eyes widened as she saw her friends being marched out single file. General Organa was first. She looked defiant as the stormtroopers nudged her along. Then came Admiral Akbar, followed by some of the other, older Resistance members. Rey recognized them from the base, but didn't know their names. She scowled at Kylo Ren. She now had her lightsaber in hand. "It's too late for that, Rey." She hated that mechanical voice. "You could have prevented all of this. But now I know where they are going to be. The leaders of the Resistance, they're so foolish and predictable." He sounded as arrogant as ever. Kylo had his hands behind his back. She flashed her eyes at that hideous mask once more. Something was off , she thought. This isn't real , it suddenly hit her. In an instant she and Kylo were down on the flightdeck standing among the prisoners. It was dream, or nightmare rather. Rey felt a slight sense of relief. There's no way Kylo Ren could pull this off , she thought. "Rey?" The hoarse and familiar voice of Finn cried out. Rey turned to see Finn getting pushed onto his knees. His hands were tied and he had a broken nose. Rey's eyes grew wide and she inhaled. "An added bonus," Kylo hissed in her ear. The two stormtroopers behind Finn switched their safeties off with an ominous clicking sound. They both took steps backward and trained their guns at Finn's back. Kylo Ren turned to Admiral Ackbar. "I think we'll treat all the stormtroopers here to shrimp tonight, Ackbar." The Admiral's lower jaw dropped. Rey ignited her lightsaber. The stormtroopers open fired and unleashed rounds into the back of best friend. Finn's eyes closed and chest shook as he face planted. They continued to fire at his lifeless body, which was smoking on the ground. Rey lunged forward and closed the distance. With a single sharp slash of her blade, both stormtroopers fell. Rey twirled around to face Kylo Ren. The flightdeck was empty now and it was just them. She was breathing heavily and Kylo could see her teeth. Her eyes flickered and she looked gorgeous. "I told you I can take what I want. People usually make it easy. But even I struggle at times to see the future. You're training must be progressing, if you divined this" Kylo took a step towards her. Rey leaned back, gripping her lightsaber. Like a bolt of lightning she lunged at him, slashing out. That's when Rey awoke, safe in her bed on Ahch-To. What was the point of all of that ? Was it really a premonition, like he suggested? Rey kicked off the layers of blankets and stumbled to her little table. She lit the candle that had gone out. The light flickered and caused shadows in her tiny room to dance. Rey swore for a second that the dark figure of Kylo Ren lurked in the corner. It was just one of Master Luke's old cloaks , she reassured herself. Kylo Ren sat in his chamber and took in the unfamiliar smell. It had the delightful aroma of a candle. Kylo Ren didn't have candles of course. He focused intently as the image of Rey opened up to him. He felt her gaze on the candle's flame. He felt the cold night's air. She rested her head on her shoulder and was thinking about him. The bond was returning. She had taken the bait , he gave a devilish smile. Notes: Finally a little bit of a longer chapter. The conversation that takes place before Rey wakes up definitely happens. Kylo senses her presence nearby and tries to take advantage. I want to punch Hux in the face and I've always wanted to eat seafood in front of Ackbar. *Edited to fix some annoying formatting* Chapter 5 : Remote Summary: Master Skywalker has kept his padawan at arm's length. A special challenge yields a chance for Rey to receive the answers she desperately needs. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey was up early the next morning, lightsaber in hand. Luke Skywalker emerged from his hut and stretched. He set his gaze on the lush peak in the distance. His padawan had her lightsaber out and was practicing forms. Against the rising sun, she flowed effortlessly from fluid movements to stoic poses. Rey rarely woke before her Master. Luke ducked into his hut and emerged with the training remote. The droid beeped once then hovered over his shoulder. He began the climb towards Rey with the floating sphere not far behind. Rey could sense the presence of her Master. He stood about fifteen feet away and watched her closely. Without warning, the training remote snuck up from the far edge of the cliff and fired. Rey blocked the three shots without looking. "Thanks for the warning," she murmured. She readjusted her footing to follow the annoying floating droid. She used the Force to anticipate its movements. Blocking every single shot for the next ten minutes, her mind was clear. Master Luke had said nothing to her, merely an observer. This was fairly typical for lightsaber exercises. Finally Rey gave a wave of her hand and Force pulled the training remote firmly in her grasp. "I can go all day with this. In fact I have," she said with a hint of irritability. She stared intently at her Master. "We are overdue for a talk, aren't we my padawan?" Luke's expression didn't change. Rey stiffened a little and wondered if she had been too disrespectful. Several months earlier, she'd never dream of taking that tone with Luke Skywalker. "I'll tell you what, Rey, if you can deflect one of those blasts towards me and score a hit, we'll talk." Master Skywalker appeared to have a slight smirk. Rey winced a bit; he usually didn't use her name unless she made a mistake. Luke strolled up to her and took the training remote away. Rey gave her Master a look of confusion. He can't be serious , she thought while watching him. Master Skywalker changed a couple settings and the droid jumped to life in his hands. He tossed it up in the air, and Rey's eyes honed in on it. She raised the blade of the lightsaber above her head and back down into a Third Form defensive position. "Don't let these one's get you, they do a bit more than sting," he warned her. Rey gave a slight nod. Usually the blasts from the training droid died on impact with a surface. These one's must be stronger if she's to deflect one at her Master. The droid spun a few times, while changing levels. It unleashed a barrage of shots. Rey countered and managed to deflect the last one towards her Master. Luke dodged it effortlessly. This is not going to be easy," she thought. She had seen Luke Skywalker in action up close. He may move slowly climbing rocks and shuffling around the campfire, which can be deceiving. Weeks earlier, he had been blindfolded and effortless dodged all of her lightsaber attacks until she was on her knees exhausted. Rey changed her position and reached out with the Force. The training remote swung around; Rey did a summersault and gained a better position for deflections. In her peripheral, Luke appeared to be looking for something in his pockets, unafraid. This was a jab at Rey, but she didn't let it break her concentration. Sometimes her Master could be motivating in ways that were infuriating. The training droid altered its pattern again and unleashed another bombardment. Rey countered but only managed to send the deflections into the ground. Maybe Master Luke's distractions were working . She adjusted her footing once more. Luke was watching her closely again. Rey was intent on achieving her goal, even if it took all day. She ignored the rumbling in her stomach. This was usually the time she ate breakfast and her body was used to scheduled meals now. When the next set of shots sprang out, Luke reached out with the Force and tugged at her lightsaber. Rey fell to one knee and barely managed to block the shots. Luckily, it had been a set of three; had a fourth shot fired, she may not have deflected it. Rey's face furrowed. Luke gave a rare smile again. "That's how it's going to be?" She said with a sharp tone. Rey didn't take her eyes off the spinning droid. The remote sent another series of shots. Rey sent the first right back at the droid. She swiftly changed the angle of the lightsaber and deflected the next two at Luke. The red blasts darted his way. Luke quickly sidestepped the barrage. He was clear but at the last split second, Rey reached out with the Force and pulled the final beam into his shoulder. "Ahh," he cried out and grabbed at the sizzling wound. He stumbled backward, wide-eyed and surprised. Above her, the training droid short circuited and fell heavily on the ground. Rey killed the blade to her weapon and rushed to the aide of her Master. Her heart was racing and knelt down next to him. Luke was gripping his shoulder, holding back a laugh. She had such a look of concern, he was impressed she didn't gloat after what he pulled. "Where did you learn how to do that, my padawan?" He chuckled. Rey paused for a moment, and caught her Master's gaze. "Kylo Ren," she said simply. Luke gave a slight nod. "Don't get me wrong, I despise what he stands for. I've only been in his presence a few times, and he's always showing off." She shook her head and rolled her eyes. "Every time he's displayed a different, er , abused a Force ability." She corrected herself. "Though this ability he didn't mean for me to see." Rey applied pressure to her Master's shoulder. Luke took a deep breath. "I'm hungry, aren't you?" He asked her. Rey nodded with a bit of anticipation. "Let's practice those healing techniques and then I'll get breakfast started." She helped him up. "Then we will have story time," Luke said while allowing his padawan to be a crutch. Like old friends, the two made the walk back to the campgrounds. "And you need to dress warmer," He added. A/N: In a weird way I wanted to show that Luke is now ready to place his trust in his padawan. In the next chapter, Luke has to spill his guts about Rey's past and the connection she and Kylo Ren share. Rey will need to make a difficult choice. Apparently training remotes can be set to a lethal setting too; the buttons are kinda small and unlabeled so it makes you wonder... As always, you're feedback is welcome. Thanks! Notes: In a weird way I wanted to show that Luke is now ready to place his trust in his padawan. In the next chapter, Luke has to spill his guts about Rey's past and the connection she and Kylo Ren share. Rey will need to make a difficult choice. Apparently training remotes can be set to a lethal setting too; the buttons are kinda small and unlabeled so it makes you wonder... As always, you're feedback is welcome. Thanks! Chapter 6 : The Fall of Ben Solo Summary: Rey is owed answers about her past and her connection with Kylo Ren. Luke reveals Ben Solo's fall to the Dark Side, triggering Rey's lost memories. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren sat restless in another strategic meeting. Commander Mitaka took his turn explaining why a recent failure wasn't his fault. Kylo should strangle them all, but he was preoccupied by thoughts of Rey. He imagined she was sitting right next to him, wearing all black. "Let's get outta here, my Lord ," she gave him a devilish smile and placed her hand on his. "I can't, we have to stay here and be killed by boredom," He replied. "What...What was that Lord Ren?" His commander stumbled. Kylo was slumped in his chair and immediately straightened himself. "Are the operatives in place on Celus 3?" Kylo asked without missing a beat. Reluctantly, he let the image of Rey slip away for now. Deep down, he wondered if she was thinking about him at that moment. Rey's mind lingered on her connection with Kylo Ren. She could feel when he was thinking or talking about her, even if she couldn't always decipher the content. Luke Skywalker didn't eat much at breakfast. "You told me something when you first arrived on Ahch-To. That you pulled something from Kylo Ren's mind." Luke stated while gingerly swinging his cloak back on. Rey watched him carefully. "Yes," she gulped. "He's afraid he'd never become as strong as Darth Vader." Rey placed her bowl beside her lap and watched him nod in agreement. "As you know, Kylo Ren once went by a different name, Ben Solo. He was my nephew and I lost him to the Dark Side." Luke sighed. "When Ben was five he was sharp and a curious troublemaker. Even then, he used the Force to grab things that were out of his reach, or get his parents attention. I asked Leia many times if he could come to the Jedi Academy and learn from me. Ben Solo would have become one of the first true Jedi Knights since the rise of the Empire. Together we could have restored what the Dark Side tried so diligently to extinguish." Luke puffed on his pipe. Rey had a dozen questions swirling in her head. She had a hard time picturing the monster, Kylo Ren, as a curious youngling in Master Skywalker's care. "Leia was concerned. She wanted him to stay under her watchful eye for as long as possible. But she was busy trying to keep the Republic from splitting into Civil War. After the Empire fell, there were many systems that refused, or were too scared, to return to the Republic. To make matters worse, there were rogue Star Destroyers that were unaccounted for. Each had different Generals fighting for control and innocent systems were caught in the middle." Luke gave Rey a second to take everything in. "The Remnants of the Empire needed to be brought to justice. So, the galaxy wasn't exactly the safest place to raise a child; apparently it still isn't." Luke stood to stretched and gestured for Rey to follow him down towards the sea. "Ben's father, Han, fought for years against the rogue Generals that jockeyed for power. As a result, Ben spent a lot of time under the care of a close family friend, Lor San Tekka, founder of the Church of the Force. The church members were dedicated allies of the Jedi. Even in the dark times of the Empire, they offered sanctuary to a few Jedi survivors." Luke cleared his throat. "Unfortunately, one church member there wasn't what he claimed to be. He took a particular interest in young Ben Solo." "Snoke," she breathed. Luke gave a slight nod. "Snoke was a priest and financial benefactor of the church. He was a close friend of Lor San Tekka and Leia. I had only met him once and dismissed him. I didn't gather anything to make me suspect something sinister; a great mistake on my part." He admitted. "Snoke shielded himself, using an old Sith discipline. It's been used to fool great Jedi before, even Master Yoda." Rey nodded, recalling the fond stories Luke had told her about Master Yoda. "Snoke spent time quietly gaining Ben's trust during some very impressionable years." Luke stared out at the sea. It was a welcome warm day, rare for this time of the cycle. "Leia became concerned a few years later when she saw Ben beat up a schoolmate. He had used the Force to lash out. It was quite a serious event, that neither of us took lightly. Ben was around 10. To compound things, he had been asking very difficult questions about his grandfather, Anakin Skywalker." "I don't understand," she leaned forward and crowded her Master without meaning too. She was trying to absorb every single word. "Anakin Skywalker was once a powerful Jedi Knight, who turned his back on his oath and became Darth Vader." Rey's eyes widened. "Vader helped the Emperor rise to power and stay there. He hunted down the Jedi Knights of old. Only two remained. The Jedi Masters who instructed me." The two watched a wave crash near them. "After Ben's fight, he came to live with me at the Academy. He hated Leia for that; he resented both parents for abandoning him. I didn't realize it then, but we were repeating the same mistakes that the previous Jedi Council made. They saw something dark in Anakin Skywalker, but trained him anyway. I couldn't see past my blind love for my nephew. I was determined for him to succeed." Luke sighed again. "When Ben was fifteen he disappeared for a few weeks, without notice. He had been acting out and I had many students to look after. When he returned he had a child with him; a little girl that he had rescued. She strong with the Force, and Ben cared deeply for her. So I decided to train her and she joined the rest of the younglings. This little girl was a bright, welcome presence." Rey was silent, trying to find her voice but couldn't. She had a lump in her throat. "Not long after that, Ben disappeared gain. When he returned, he was Kylo Ren. He showed up with handful of thugs and stormed into the Academy. It was a massacre orchestrated by Kylo and the Knights of Ren . My Jedi bravely stood up and fought the for the Light, every single one. That includes you ." Luke's voice cracked while watching Rey's reaction. Lies ! Kylo breathed into her ear. Rey jumped. She could feel his gaze burning into her neck. She sensed Kylo Ren's presence trying to engulf her. He wasn't there, of course. Kylo Ren was aboard his Star Destroyer in a meeting when he felt their connection surge. He stood up violently shoving the table as papers scattered everywhere. His commanders spun around to watched him, fearful of their lives. Kylo Ren stomped around the room. "Ask him why I left!" He shouted into the room. The two stormtroopers guarding the corridor behind him bolted. Kylo circled the table again as each commander scurried out of their seats. Get out of my head! Rey triumphantly pushed Kylo away. No doubt, he was left seething and would take it out on someone else. Luke gave Rey a bewildered look. "What changed the second time. Why did he leave?" she lowered her eyes. Luke searched for the words. As he did, a fuzzy memory climbed into Rey's mind. It felt like a whisper, a secret. A conversation she forgot long ago—something she wasn't suppose to overhear but did. Suddenly the memory sharpened into focus. "I want to train the girl, Uncle Luke." Ben looked like a gangly teenager. Rey watched the two talk from one of her hiding spots high above the chamber. She was so young and small that she had hiding places everywhere. Rey had heard the familiar shouting of her friend, Ben Solo, and went to investigate. She hated it when he lost his temper. He always got nicer the second she ran up and reached for his hand. "We've already been over this," Luke snapped and faced his nephew. "Visions can be distorted, subjective and dangerous. I know firsthand how dangerous they can be. Look what it cost me." Luke brandished his metallic hand for Ben to see. Ben dismissed the gesture. "Things need to change if the Jedi Order is to survive this time around. We can't make the same mistakes that the last Council did. Most of the Jedi here will never be deserving of the title. They aren't strong enough" Ben had made this argument before and it usually went no where. Luke Skywalker continued to climb steps while Ben followed after him. Ben has a lot to learn , he thought. "You are not in charge here Ben. You're still my padawan. What we are building here is just the beginning. Every generation that follows will get wiser and stronger. The principles of the Jedi and the Sith cannot coexist in the same Order. The Force isn't a banquet where you can sample everything without consequences. Where would you even get this idea? You've read through the archives!" Luke was exhausted with Ben. "Yes. The Jedi archives." Ben replied with a cryptic tone. Luke's eyes narrowed as he sensed his nephew's deceptions again. "There's a way to bring balance to the Force, that doesn't involve the Jedi and Sith trying to destroy each other. Listen, The First Order..." Luke turned away again and Ben grabbed his Uncle's wrist. "The Jedi don't have an army; but there is an army that will gladly accept our leadership. I can finish what Darth Vader started and end this pointless cycle!" With a swift move, Ben was pushed backwards by his uncle. He landed hard on the shiny floor below, falling ten steps. His body came to a sliding stop. Rey gasped and shut her eyes, wishing she was elsewhere. Ben raised himself on his knuckles and locked eyes with his Uncle. Luke Skywalker walked down two steps and looked gravely at his nephew. The truth had finally come to the surface and it weighed on the old man's heart. The way Ben talks , Luke thought while raising his metallic hand. He used the Force to take Ben Solo's lightsaber. Ben reacted too late for his weapon and watched the lightsaber fly into Luke's hand. "I don't need it anymore." Ben shouted and ran out of the room, his footsteps echoing in the distance. Master Skywalker was at a loss for words. He feared he wouldn't see Ben Solo again. That night, little Rey cried herself to sleep. Returning from the memory, Rey felt overwhelmed with emotion, it shook her core. She hadn't felt that bad since being strapped to an interrogation table. Luke Skywalker gazed out onto the crashing waves with a mournful look on his face. He sensed the Force around them as it offered her clarity. Rey's eyes were watery and she tried to hide it. She cursed inwardly. Don't cry in front Master Luke . "He idolized Darth Vader's accomplishments. Just like Vader, the allure of the Dark Side pulled Ben Solo away from the Jedi Order." Luke spoke softly. "Kylo Ren knows the truth about my past, then—Where I came from?" She regained her composure. Master Skywalker sighed and Rey knew the answer to her question. "Master, General Organa asked me do something when I first started this journey. She told me to take my time and consider her request carefully." Rey swallowed, avoiding the very difficult question. "What's on your mind, my padawan?" Luke cleared his throat. "Master, where were you that night, when Kylo Ren returned? Why didn't you stop the slaughter of the Jedi?" Rey's stance changed and she held herself with confidence. "I need to know everything, in case it makes a difference," she continued. Notes: Thanks for the reviews/kudos, they inspire me. This chapter was twice as long! So I split it into two chapters. The second will be up soon. Forgive me if this feels like a summary of the original trilogy. I want Rey to have every bit of info possible. I'm itching get Rey and Ben in the same room finally! And who wouldn't want their own army? Unless its Gungans of course. BTW Jar Jar Binks was a political prisoner aboard the first Death Star. Luke could have saved him but went for the pretty girl instead. And then he showed up a day later and blew the damn thing up. I couldn't weave that in organically. *Edited to fix formatting* Chapter 7 : A Thousand Ships Summary: The Resistance receives a larger fleet. Determined to rain on their parade, Kylo Ren sets his plan into motion. Now he seeks to slow down the Resistance and force the Jedi to face him. Notes: Thanks to everyone who has made it this far. This chapter is big, so please hang in there. It's a giant-sized setup for the Rey/Ren showdown in the next chapter. Yep, finally happening! So a lot of stories are coming together here, hope it makes sense! The meeting on Celus 3 had gone well for the Resistance. General Organa walked around the bridge of the Thrive . It reminded her of the battlecruisers the Rebellion used in the war against the Empire. The flagship cruiser of the Republic's fleet was now serving the efforts of the Resistance. The Thrive's crew settled into their positions around her. Poe Dameron came jogging in and made a whistling sound. "Permission to come aboard, General." Poe asked with a grin. He insisted Leia and Admiral Ackbar have a fighter escort en route to Celus 3. "My X-Wing is secured and I thought you could use an extra set of hands." Poe stated. He was looking for any excuse to check out their new ship. The crew aboard the Thrive was fairly small considering the size of the cruiser. Now that it was joining the fight, The Resistance would add more personnel to it. Leia couldn't help but smile as she took her seat. In a matter of weeks, more Republic cruisers and fighter pilots would be joining the Resistance. It was the best news she had received since finding her brother Luke. Now was not the time to get complacent , she thought while sensing the subtle surge of the ship. The First Order was still a formidable threat. The Thrive entered hyperspace a moment later, heading for the Resistance base. Kylo Ren quickly inspected the captured Resistance transport. The vessel had been clogging up a corner of the Finalizer's flightdeck. It was an unflyable mess when he brought it in. Now it looked fully restored and had the special paint job that he requested. Behind the Sith Lord stood the best pilots in the First Order. "Are you clear on your objectives?" He asked while turning to address them. "Yes, Lord Ren!" The pilots shouted in unison. General Hux watched from control tower above. He had a smug look on his face and couldn't wait to have this Resistance trash off his flightdeck. Hux noticed the small group of TIE pilots nearby. They gave Kylo Ren a salute and ran toward their fighters. What is he up to now? Hux asked himself. The General was unaware of a mission leaving at this hour. He glared at the daily briefing. "Do we have other ships departing, besides the Resistance transport?" He asked the flight operator, sounding annoyed. Below, a squadron of stormtroopers ran toward the Resistance vessel. They hustled past Kylo Ren to board the transport, in pairs of two. General Hux noticed this too. "Just what exactly is going on?" Hux sneered as he walked closer to the tower window. "Why are those stormtroopers boarding?" Kylo Ren watched the last of the stormtroopers enter the ship. Sensing eyes on him, he did his creepy signature head turn, looking up at the control tower. General Hux's expression changed when he heard a familiar mechanical voice enter his head. " This is a training exercise. You will authorize it. It was your idea, take credit for it, " Kylo Ren commanded. Hux's mind completely emptied. "This is a training exercise. I'll authorize it." He said to the flight operator with a blank stare. "It's my idea. I'm taking credit for it!" he proudly stated. The flight operator acknowledged, clearing the TIE fighters for take off. Kylo Ren stomped up the ramp to the Resistance transport. Nothing was going to stand in his way . General Hux snapped out of a haze and felt light headed. He steadied himself on the console in front of him. What just happened ? He wondered while trying to straighten himself. Looking around the room, he scanned his subordinates. They were too busy to notice his unusual behavior. "Ah yes, good riddance to that Resistance filth," He commented as the transport flew away from the Finalizer . Kylo Ren took a seat toward the back of the ship. For some reason, the night he stormed the Jedi Academy was on his mind. He hadn't thought about it in ages, for good reason. The memory bubbled to the surface and he struggled to bury it deep again. The last thing I need right now is a Call to the Light, he thought. Rey recalled the visions she had in Maz Kanata's castle. Looking back, the visions terrified her. But now she stood before Master Skywalker knowing that those visions were a part of her lost childhood. As a youngling, Rey witnessed the Jedi massacre at the hands of Kylo Ren. She survived when others didn't. Rey couldn't help but feel guilty and wonder why. Luke had been silent next to her, collecting his thoughts. "When Ben left, I deeply regretted it. Leia and Han used their resources to track him down but there wasn't any sight of him. Nothing. Not for months." Luke rubbed his stiff shoulder. "On the night of the attack, I left my oldest padawans in charge. There had finally been a sighting; reports that Ben Solo was on a nearby system being detained by stormtroopers. I sensed his presence and made the mistake to leave and collect him myself." Luke closed his eyes. Rey couldn't help but stare at the lines in her Master's face as he spoke. She and Luke lost a part of themselves that fateful evening. And all because of the twisted ambitions the Dark Side. "When Artoo and I arrived, there were handfuls of dead stormtroopers, but no Ben Solo." Rey imagined Luke Skywalker standing around the lifeless corpses, searching for his nephew. "Oddly, they died of lightsaber wounds and I had disarmed Ben before he left. Something was off about the whole scene. I shouldn't have left the Temple." Luke scratched his beard. "It was at that moment, I felt it . A disturbance in the Force," Luke paused and looked intently in Rey's eyes. "General Leia! We have a distress call from a Resistance frequency!" Shouted the dispatcher. "Can you verify it?" Leia rose with a sense of urgency. Aboard the Thrive , her crew sprang into action. They pinpointed the coordinates of the signal and checked its authenticity. "Yes General, confirmed. It's Admiral Ackbar's vessel. They are being pursued by TIE fighters!" Replied the dispatcher. "Adjust our course." Leia ordered. An anxious feeling crept over her. This is my fault. I should have had sent Poe to escort him", she thought. Admiral Ackbar accompanied Leia to the meeting on Celus 3. Afterwards, he volunteered to personally oversee the transfer of the Republic Fleet. Now he was getting attacked in a ship that had no firepower. Poe moved to a seat at the forward cannon array and brought them online. "I don't get it, wasn't the transport still docked on Celus 3 when we left?" He asked but didn't get a response from anyone. The Thrive came out of hyperspace behind the Admiral's ship. It had been damaged and was trying evasive maneuvers to avoid the incoming TIE fighters. The enemy swarmed in formation, scoring a direct hit on the main engines. Poe fired on the nearest TIE fighter and clipped it. The wounded fighter spiraled uncontrollably. He fired again and destroyed it. The remaining TIE fighters broke formation, reacting to the presence of the battlecruiser. "They appear to be targeting thrusters. Hyperdrive systems have already been knocked out," shouted the tactics officer. The Admiral's transport limped towards the safety of the battlecruiser. Poe unleashed another round of cover fire to scatter the enemy. "The First Order is looking to capture one of our leaders," Leia realized while watching the TIE fighters abandon the attack. "If that's the case, there must be a Star Destroyer nearby," she warned. "The Admiral's vessel is reporting casualties and is requesting help," chirped C-3PO. "I need any available personnel, security and medical to meet us in the docking bay. Everyone else stay on the alert for a Star Destroyer." General Leia marched out the room with Poe trailing her. The crew aboard the Thrive wasn't staffed to engage a Star Destroyer yet. When Poe and Leia arrived in the docking bay, there were twenty crewman assembled from various stations. With a loud thump the Admiral's ship successfully docked. Leia waited anxiously for the blast door to open, hoping her longtime friend and ally was okay. The giant doors hissed and released. White smoke billowed through the opening as Leia squinted her eyes. The medical staff rushed forward, pushing gurneys into the dense white cloud. The ominous sound of a lightsaber igniting caused Leia's heart to skip. The faint red glow bled through the opaque smoke. Leia's eyes widened and she shouted, "It's Kylo Ren, take cover!" The sounds of the lightsaber swinging were followed by the medic's screams. Two security officers rushed into the smoke to help. Their bodies flew back in the air, colliding with the far corridor. The medic's gurneys jerked violently upward and flew towards Leia. Poe Dameron dove forward and pulled the General out of harm's way. The corner of the second stretcher caught him in the forehead and he fell unconscious to the deck. Stormtroopers flooded the docking bay with weapons drawn. The smoke dissipated as the stunned crewman fired their blasters. Kylo Ren effortlessly twirled his lightsaber and deflected shots back at them. Leia was on the ground next to Poe. She crawled and grabbed the blaster from his holster. From her prone position, she quickly shot two stormtroopers. With a sharp tug, the blaster flew out of her hands. Stunned, Leia watched as the firearm disassembled itself and fell to the ground in pieces. Kylo Ren lurked over his mother. Without a weapon to defend herself, she locked eyes with the lifeless gaze of a monster. Leia reached for her comm. "It's a trap. Stormtroopers have entered the Thrive ." She cried. Two stormtroopers rushed over and forced the General to her feet. Kylo Ren took a step closer and removed her comm. She flinched when he touched her. Kylo noticed how much she aged. "Finally." He said in a low rumbling voice. General Leia defiantly stared into the mask of Kylo Ren, refusing to speak. The Thrive went on full alert. All personnel took up defensive positions. The stormtroopers spread throughout the ship like a forest fire. Shots echoed from corridor to corridor. "Restrain her and secure the pilot," Kylo ordered. He turned and marched toward the bridge with his glowing lightsaber in hand. Anyone in his path would be cut down. The Thrive was now in Kylo Ren's possession. But he had little use for the ship. It's surviving crewman were restrained near the dock entrance. Kylo towered over them like a grim spectre. Stormtroopers were positioned behind each prisoner with their weapons trained. Approaching the Thrive was Captain Phasma in the command shuttle. She was right on schedule. When Kylo Ren received word he knelt in front of General Organa. He kept her away from the other captives but made sure she still had a view of her friends. "I'm taking you and the fugitive Poe Dameron on my command shuttle to stand trial before the First Order. Once we're on the shuttle, the Thrive will go on autopilot and fly into the nearest star." He hissed. Leia's eyes fell on Poe Dameron and the other captives. Kylo leaned in close enough, so only she could hear. "You have a choice to make. Tell me what I want to know and the rest of the crew comes with us. Stay silent and they can stay here and face an agonizing death." Kylo Ren's words felt like poison in the General's veins. "I will not give you Luke's location," she spat. Leia rested her hands in her lap and looked away. "This has never been about Luke! You know what I'm after. Give me their location." Kylo Ren's voice trembled. "That young woman will never be yours, Ben!" Leia snapped at him. Kylo raised his hand and began applying pressure to the General's throat. "What exactly did the two of you talk about in your brief time together? I caught a glimpse. You're so protective over someone you barely know." He growled. She strained against the rising pressure, but refused to speak. "Did you feel a special connection? From one princess to anothe r?" He asked while releasing his grip. He watched her gasp for air. "Or did you ask her to bring me home, too?" He said mockingly. Leia's eyes shot daggers at him as she struggled for air. "I asked her to be strong and have the courage to do what I couldn't," she choked. "I asked her to end your existence," Leia cried. Her son was quiet for a moment. Kylo raised his hand again, making a gripping gesture. Leia's whole body stiffened and she involuntarily extended her hands and arms forward. She felt vulnerable and tried desperately to fight his control, but couldn't. She feared he might cut off her hands off with the lightsaber. Watching her struggle, Kylo removed the glove from his dominate hand. Emerald and white sparks flashed at his fingertips. The sparks arched into electricity and illuminated his pale exposed skin. Leia watched in horror as Kylo Ren slowly pressed his index finger into her forearm. She let out a bloodcurdling scream on contact. Poe Dameron awoke to the sounds of the General screaming and struggled against his restraints. The stormtroopers grabbed him, forcing him down to the ground. "I take no pleasure in this, General." Kylo Ren said but didn't let up. He firmly traced the electrified finger into her flesh, drawing something out. His mother passed out from the searing pain and slumped forward into him. Kylo Ren set her gently on the ground. On Ahch-To, Luke dropped to one knee in agony. He felt a white hot searing pain and his forearm. Rey rushed to his side and pulled up the sleeve. Burned in his forearm was the word, "JEDI." Luke cursed, visibly shaken. He tried to find his breathing again. "He has the General," Rey realized as she stepped back. "We have to rescue her," She added while tucking her hair behind her ears. Luke clutched his forearm and shook his head to disagree. "It's a trap, Rey." He said weekly. Luke knew there was a new problem. Kylo Ren had discovered a way to inflict pain on him from a great distance. Even worse, it was through torturing his own mother. It was painfully clear what Kylo was really after. "I can find him, Master. I can get us to him before he has time to prepare." Rey said confidently. "I'd rather not do this alone." She admitted, while helping Luke up. She knew how stubborn he could be. Luke inhaled through his nostrils. "We'll do this together, as Jedi." Luke agreed, watching Rey's eyes light up. "Let's get word to the Resistance. Inform Chewy and Finn, we'll need a fast ride." After all these years, Luke Skywalker was joining the fight again. "I was hoping you'd say that," Rey said while searching the skies. The familiar sounds of the Millennium Falcon echoed overhead. Luke gave her a perplexed look, wondering why the Falcon was so close. "I'll explain on the way, I promise." She said. Chapter 8 : Trade Summary: The young Jedi, Rey, formulates a plan to rescue her friends and save the Resistance. She offers Kylo Ren the golden opportunity he has been waiting for. The Light and Dark Side are now on a collision course. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Leia's eyes opened slowly. A blurry dark figure hovered over her, yet she was slow to respond. Closing her eyes again, Leia felt weightless. She dreamed that Han was carrying her through a field. "General, are you alright?" Came a familiar voice. She felt a gentle tug at her arm. Leia opened her heavy eyelids again, her vision sharpening into focus. Around her was Poe Dameron and the other surviving crewman. Poe let out a sigh of relief and she allowed him to help her upright. "I thought we lost you, General." He said quietly. She gave a throaty chuckle in response. Leia straightened herself on the bench, leaning against the cold wall. The cell panels around them were white and seamless. She looked around at the structure, searching for a weakness. Poe took a seat on the floor next to the General. "There's no way out from inside the cell," he said in a hushed voice. "On the bright side, the brig facilities on the Thrive are state of the art," he said sarcastically. I don't know how we're gonna get out of this one , she thought. Leia noticed her arm had been bandaged and tightly wrapped. At that moment, Ben's actions washed over her, giving her a sick feeling. Poe eyed the stormtroopers guarding the cell. They turned their heads and started talking to each other. "General I need to tell you something, just in case." Poe said in a hushed voice. He kept his eyes fixed on the stormtroopers. "Don't think like that Poe." She said softly. Their fate looked grim but she needed everyone to stay positive. "It's not that." Poe quickly made eye contact with her. Leia leaned in closer to hear him. "It's just—when we get out of this, I don't want you to shoot me," he whispered. Leia's face froze for a second. "I'm the one that took your shuttle for a joyride on Trier. I was drunk and forgot to fill it up the next morning." He said with a sly grin, watching her expression change. "I was stranded in the Trierian desert for two hours! It's the only place hotter than Tatooine." She could strangle Poe. Now she understood why he was the first one to arrive with fuel. "I know, okay. But there's something else I need to say." Poe said in a hushed voice, trying not to laugh. The Stormtroopers looked straight ahead, oblivious to the conversation behind them. General Leia folded her arms and glared at him. "A couple nights ago we called Rey on Ahch-To. Finn really wanted to warn her about Kylo Ren and I was sick of losing our pilots like that." He admitted. "Before or after I ordered you not to do that." She said stone faced. "After. And there's a chance Finn and I were warned something like this might happen." Poe grimaced, expecting to get slapped in the face. The General looked poised to read him the riot act. "Rey warned us to be ready in case the First Order had an opportunity to grab the Resistance leaders. Kylo Ren was planning something but she wasn't sure when. Knowing you and Admiral Ackbar were leaving for Celus 3, we took precautions." Poe said while avoiding her gaze. Leia's face was red. "Precautions. Oh really, how did that work out?" Poe checked on the guards again. He rubbed his forehead while speaking into a little device tucked in his sleeve . "You heard the General, BB-8, how's it looking?" Chewbacca couldn't help but hug Luke again. He roared and tightly squeezed his old friend. Luke laughed in response. It was the happiest Rey had ever seen her Master. She noticed he looked younger at this moment, rejuvenated. Finn was behind her, trying to stand in a way that showed off his new physique. Rey gave him a warm smile and he couldn't help but return it. "We really need to get this thing airborne." She said, heading for the cockpit. Finn followed her. Rey sank into the captain's chair and started the preflight procedure. Finn watched her closely. There was so much he wanted to say. Now that she was in front of him, he was chickening out. "Explain something to me, Finn." She didn't look at him as she spoke. "Why did it take you a year to visit me?" She asked flatly. Finn's pulse quickened. "Rey, I joined the Resistance so I could do my part. The General didn't want me or anyone interfering in your training." He said, trying to defend himself. Rey flashed Finn a quick smile and he realized she was kidding. Chewbacca brushed past Finn, bringing the conversation to a halt. Luke took the seat behind Rey, and took in the familiar site of the cockpit. The Millennium Falcon lifted itself off the planet, flying away from the old Jedi Temple. A few minutes later, it passed thru the planet's atmosphere. Luke listened patiently as Rey and FInn brought him up to speed. The pair's youthful exuberance reminded him of all the mistakes he made at their age. Running off to face Vader too soon and falling into a trap. Having to rescue Han from Jabba the Hutt. "When Kylo Ren tries to hide things from me, our connection goes silent. That's when I know it's time to really listen." Rey admitted. "This is exactly what he wants Rey, to draw you out." Luke replied. "He's obsessed with me and it gives me an advantage," she argued. She looked at Finn and Chewy for support. "I can read him and predict how he'll react," she continued. "Maybe that's what he wants you to think," Finn interjected. "The guy is clearly unstable and we can't be sure he won't try to kill you." Finn said. Rey flashed him the same look she did at Maz Kanata's castle. "If General Organa and the others get transported to the Finalizer , we won't be able to get them back," she said softly. "We'd need the entire fleet to fight our way in there. Right now Kylo Ren has our people on a Resistance cruiser, with limited reinforcement troops." Rey pointed to the intelligence hologram BB-8 was transmitting. "How do we know he won't just start executing them the second we arrive." Finn replied. "If I entice him, he'll leave to find me. He won't risk shooting hostages until he has me. Master Luke can even the odds and help you get to the General," replied Rey. "While you distract a maniac?" Finn said harshly. "Tell me about this droid you have on the ship," Luke interrupted. Luke didn't like the idea of splitting up or using Rey as bait. "BB-8 was secured in Poe's X-Wing fighter when the initial attack happened. He sent the distress call to the rest of the Resistance. After talking with Rey the other night, we had our fighters on standby. They are keeping a safe distance, waiting for our orders." Finn stated. "Waiting?" Luke asked. "Kylo Ren has been using the Force to overload circuits on the X-Wing's. So they can't get close unless his attention is elsewhere," Rey replied. Luke looked deeply at Rey, as if trying to read her thoughts. "The connection we have gives me the advantage; that and the fact that he needs me alive," Rey had her hands on her hips. "Trust me, Master—" "Okay, okay Rey. So you open this connection, then what?" Luke knew deep down that Rey's trials would eventually lead her in the path of Kylo Ren. He couldn't interfere in that confrontation if she was to complete her training as a Jedi. "I offer to surrender myself to him in exchange for the unconditional release of your sister and the other captives. This is what he's always wanted. But I have no intention of becoming his prisoner or play thing . And I already know he won't keep his end of the bargain." Rey was confident this was the best shot at getting everyone back alive. Finn, Luke, and Chewy sat quietly looking at Rey. Captain Phasma approached Kylo Ren. Kylo was growing impatient. Rey hadn't reached out to him like he anticipated. Annoyed, he wanted to leave immediately with General Organa and destroy the Resistance ship. "Sir, the engineers will need another two hours to counteract the security protocols on the Bridge. Flight control was encrypted during the initial assault." Phasma's tone never wavered, despite recognizing Kylo Ren's growing anger. How hard is it to fly a ship into a star? He thought. "One of the prisoners must know the code, start pulling teeth if you must." Kylo was past irritated. Capturing Leia Organa was huge for the First Order but it wasn't enough for him. He wanted to deliver on his threat and force the General to give up the Jedi's location. "The code was encrypted by the helmsman. He died from a hole in his chest." She stated, knowing full well that the hole came from a lightsaber. "We could execute each captive one by one until she talks, Sir." "I knew I trusted you for a reason, Captain." Kylo Ren gave a mechanical chuckle. Suddenly Kylo felt a presence near him. A voice entered his head and he could feel Rey nearby. "Hello, Ben ." Rey said softly. Her presence was intoxicating. "That name no longer has any meaning to me, scavenger." He barked back while walking away from Phasma. He felt Rey's warm presence follow him. "Very well, don't call me scavenger. I'm much more than that," she replied cooly. "Rey." He said in a low voice. "Are you ready to complete your training?" He asked in a nurturing tone. "I'm ready for these attacks to end. Whatever it costs, Kylo Ren." She snapped back. Rey didn't like hearing Kylo's phony sweet tone. "I see...my padawan." His ego swelled. "I'm willing to surrender myself in exchange for the release of my friends. But we need to meet on neutral ground." Rey stated. Kylo was silent for a second. "They've already been processed aboard the Finalizer ," he replied. "Don't lie to me. You still have them captive on the Resistance battlecruiser," she countered. Kylo didn't respond. Rey could tell he was thinking on his toes. "The Force brought me your messages; months of you reaching out to me. So, I tracked down the planet, L'kya. I'm ready to leave right now and meet you there. Like you always wanted, just the two of us." She stated. "How do I know this isn't a trap and that you don't have the entire Resistance on L'kya waiting for me?" He asked. "Because you've already had a vision of this happening, haven't you?" Rey asked. Kylo Ren was silent in his response. "Bring General Organa and the others on the command shuttle with you and we'll swap on the planet. Just you and I, Kylo Ren. No Resistance, no First Order. No Luke Skywalker or stormtroopers. No delays." " Rey . If I show up and you're not there...if this is a ruse." Kylo said hoarsely. There was hint of desperation as he spoke. Tired of his threats, she interrupted him. "Kylo Ren. If you harm General Organa again or any of the other survivors, I'll know. If you leave the cruiser without the hostages or bring backup, I'll know. If you double-cross me in any way, I will know. And I promise you, I'll close this connection forever. You will never find me again!" Rey's voice echoed in his ears. "We have an arrangement. I'll leave right away," Kylo's voice trembled. He felt Rey push the connection away, leaving him empty again. Kylo realized he had his lightsaber in his hand and slowly put it away. Captain Phasma had been watching him the whole time from a safe distance. "What is it, sir?" She asked while closing the distance between them. Kylo Ren was lost in thought and didn't acknowledge her right away. "The command shuttle, is it fueled to make a trip to L'kya and back?" He asked. "I believe so, Lord Ren." She replied. "I've made a deal to capture the heir apparent, Rey Kenobi once and for all. She thinks its a prisoner exchange. I have no intention of trading the leader of the Resistance. I will meet her alone." Kylo Ren said in a low voice. He gestured at the nearby data terminal. "Captain, somewhere on board is a BB unit. It's been feeding the Jedi intelligence and has alerted the Resistance to our presence here. No doubt, A foolish rescue plan is being formulated as we speak." Kylo said sharply. "Sir, if what you're saying is true, we must call the Finalizer for backup." Stated Captain Phasma. "I don't want General Hux to know what's happening here. If the Finalizer shows up, I risk losing the Jedi. That BB unit must be found. If the Jedi get word of any deception, they will go into hiding again. We will have failed here." Kylo said while clenching his fist. "I understand, Sir. We'll restrict all data and communication conduits on the ship. The droid will be found and eliminated," said Captain Phasma. She made a gesture to the nearest pair of stormtroopers and quickly gave them orders. Kylo turned and marched for the docking bay. Kylo Ren stopped outside his command vessel, waiting for the Captain. "You have nearly forty stormtroopers here and TIE fighter support. I gave them orders to refuel and return to this sector. Call them the second you see a ship that isn't the command vessel. Do not fail me, General Phasma! " Kylo Ren turned and entered the Command Vessel. "Thank you, Lord Ren." She replied. The Millennium Falcon met the Resistance Fleet on a small moon. Rey prepped her small transport vessel for L'kya. As she settled in, a part of her wished she had more time with Finn and Chewy. But this was too important; she had to face Kylo Ren and defeat him. Luke had been addressing Finn and the X-Wing fighters before coming to check on her. "I like these guys." He said with a warm smile. Rey smiled in response, while checking all gauges. "Rey hold on a second." He said and she turned to face him. "The Force will be with you. I'm confident and inspired by what you've accomplished over the last year." He said with sparkling eyes. Luke's words lifted her spirits. She had never been complimented like this in her entire life. "Kylo Ren will try to feed off your anger, aggression, hate, and fear. Don't let him. He knows you seek answers about your past and he'll use that against you. You're strength is your focus and level head. He will say anything to neutralize your advantage." Luke said resting his hands on hers. Rey nodded and felt Luke hand her something. Rey inspected the small Holocron in her hands, wondering what was on it. "It's additional training. In case we get separated and you need to finish your lessons, without me. It will teach you to communicate with Jedi that have become one with the Force." Rey's eyes lit up. "I thought the Jedi Masters couldn't cross over anymore. That their spirits were lost after the Academy fell?" Rey asked incredulously. She examined the Holocron carefully. "I feared they were lost for good. They managed to find their way back. Because of you, Rey. You've given the Jedi a chance to return. These lessons will teach you how to contact Master Obi Wan Kenobi." Luke embraced his padawan and kissed her forehead. Rey set a course for L'kya. Entering hyperspace, her thoughts turned to her friends. She wished she could be there, aiding in the rescue attempt. Rey knew she was doing her part; she had to do what she felt was right. L'kya's a depressing planet, Rey thought on the approach. Its resources had been completely exhausted by the Empire, leaving it heavily polluted and a wasteland. As Rey flew over the terrain, she wondered while Kylo was so fixated on this place. He kept sending her visions of this planet and a rusted out Star Destroyer. Maybe Kylo thought she'd feel comfortable here , more willing to cooperate? Rey approached the old hull of the Star Destroyer, resting on the murky ocean. The Destroyer looked like it could sink at any moment. This is definitely the place. As she circled the small craft for a place to land, she felt eyes on her. Kylo Ren stood on the outer hull, watching the ship approach. He retreated from the sunlight to stand in the shadows. At last, his prize . Kylo disappeared into the ship, wanting to savor the moment. The powerful Jedi would come find him, just like he envisioned. His anticipation boiled over; reaching for his lightsaber, he ignited it. Notes: So Kylo Ren dropped a slight bombshell but I promise its the tip of the iceberg regarding Rey! Rey has an awesome backstory that's much more than a last name and that's in the next chapter. The real reason for Kylo's obsession with her will come out during their epic fight too. We'll get to see what Rey can really do! And how about that sneaky BB-8? For those of you still reading, thank you for making it this far! Sorry for another long chapter. Chapter 9 : Labyrinth Summary: Rey faces Kylo Ren in an eerie setting. As the two battle, Kylo Ren teases Rey about her dark past. Will it be enough to influence the fight and sway her to the Dark Side? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey climbed onto the Star Destroyer's rusty deck. The cool breeze from the ocean picked up, pulling her forward with each step. Her chest tightened, sensing Kylo Ren's presence. In the shadow of the Star Destroyer was a scarred, blown in opening. Above the battle torn entrance was a crudely carved message. Big block letters spelled "REY", clearly etched by a lightsaber. Rey carefully stepped into the darkened ship, her eyes adjusting to the lack of light. She reached out with the Force, letting it guide her. The young Jedi didn't feel like she was in immediate danger, having spent so much time scavenging vessels like this one. Patches of light leaked through the corroded outer hull. Rey walked deeper into the hollow ship, towards the darkening presence of Kylo Ren. A faint orange glow caught her eye and she cautiously approached. A molten arrow shape was burned into the wall, still hot from Kylo Ren's lightsaber. Rey had enough of this game and ignited her sword. Following the arrow into a tight hallway, Rey pulled her lightsaber closer. It bathed her skin in blue. The hallway opened up to a small deck and railing, looking out over a deep drop-off. It was as if multiple floors had been completely removed by demolitions experts, leaving a canyon in the ship. The bottom floor was littered with debris from large panels, walls, pipes, and forgotten equipment. The bulky pieces were randomly scattered, creating a dimly lit labyrinth. The middle of the maze had a flat platform, soaked in light from the hull breach above. Rey stood on the ledge, searching the maze. She focused on the illuminated platform in the middle. A dark figure crept through the shadows and emerged into the well-lit center. Kylo Ren revealed himself; his cloak and presence a sharp contrast in the light. Kylo Ren watched the young Jedi switch her lightsaber off and jump. Dropping four stories, Rey landed gracefully on the bottom floor. Kylo's smile widened, hidden by his mask. Rey made her way through the maze swiftly, using acrobatics to flow past the obstacles. She kept her eyes trained on Kylo Ren as much as possible. He didn't move, merely admiring her agile movements. Something was strange about this whole place. She thought. Approaching the light's edge, Rey ignited her lightsaber again. She stepped cautiously onto the platform, now silhouetted by the light from above. Kylo Ren inhaled, keeping his lightsaber attached to his belt. "Isn't this wonderful? I was hoping the ship would still be here when the time came." His mechanical voice rang out. Rey kept her eyes focused on him, taking a defensive position. "You lied to me, Kylo Ren," she shouted. "Your friends? I think we both knew I wouldn't bring them. Just like I knew you wouldn't come here to surrender." He laughed at her. She hated the way his voice sounded in that helmet. Rey approached him, slowly closing the distance. Stepping over a small grate, Rey noticed a faint red blinking light in the depths below her. She froze, refusing to take another step. Her eyes found Kylo Ren. "I didn't bring you all this way just to blow us up, my padawan. This whole floor is rigged to blow—the Republic's way of artificially creating a reef. A lost cause, from desperate fools determined to change the fate of dying planet. You'd probably like them." He chuckled a bit, but her expression didn't change. "There is something poetic in an ending like this. Reaching out, triggering an explosive." Kylo gestured at the grate under her feet. "Two lovers dying in the sea, unable to escape their fate. Never seen again and yet they would have each other forever. I wonder if you would hold my hand as we sank?" Kylo teased her. "You're a lunatic and we will never be lovers." Her words stung him like a jab. Rey watched his hand brush his lightsaber in response. "You've come here to kill me." He hissed at her. Rey didn't respond, not wanting to lose her edge. "The last time I checked, the Jedi didn't plan assassinations. Maybe you and I have more in common than you realize." He took a small step toward her. Rey lunged forward, closing the gap between them in a blink. Kylo had no choice but to Force Push her away, stalling for enough time to draw his lightsaber. Unfazed, Rey bounced back and sent another parry at him. He barely blocked the next attack with his crossguard lightsaber. "You're fast. Maybe the quickest I've ever seen," He eagerly complimented her. "Maybe you should have stayed at the Academy," Rey spat, circling him. "You're overconfidence is going to cost you a limb one day, my padawan." His mask hid a wide grin. "And I'd hate to see that." Kylo Ren raised a hand and sent an emerald lighting bolt at her. Rey blocked with her lightsaber, anticipating a power like this. The lightning hit the grate near the shape detonator and dispersed. The two realized how reckless that was and glanced at each other. Kylo twirled his lightsaber around and gestured for her to duel him instead. "Very well, Jedi, hold nothing back." He commanded. The two danced around each other trading blows, flashes of red and blue colliding. Beneath them, the floor creaked. Rey's reflexes and speed countered his strong, wreckless strikes. Without realizing it, the two had battled into the dangerous maze. Rey used her size and agility to her advantage, ducking in and out of the environment as a defense. Kylo Ren swung wildly, catching nothing but air or metal. Sparks flew with every swing. Frustrated, he countered her next strikes with his Force Grip. Rey kicked as her body lifted above the maze, feeling her neck tighten. Kylo pulled his lightsaber back, poised to throw into her. Refusing to panic, Rey reached with the Force and sent a metal crate flying through the air, at his head. Kylo ducked but the crate clipped him, breaking the sunken visor. Rey fell to her feet and took a deep breath of air. She steadied herself, lightsaber in hand. Stunned, Kylo released the latch on his mask and threw it to the side. He marched toward her and Rey could see his true face for the first time in a year. The scar made him look older and dangerous. Rey wouldn't admit she liked the way it looked. "You know I always wondered how I got this scar? I guess you wanted the galaxy to know I was yours." Kylo thrust his lightsaber at her, she blocked and countered. His attacks were growing ferocious but she kept her head, using speed and precision. After an hour of sparring, the two refused to give in. Rey realized Kylo was trying to back her into a corner. Rey jumped to a nearby pipe and hopped between several small platforms, improving her position. Impatient, Kylo rushed in too tightly underneath a column. Rey flipped down behind him, catching him with a blow. Her lightsaber pierced his left shoulder, nearly identical to the wound she gave him on Starkiller . Kylo roared in pain. He quickly straightened himself allowing his anger to surge. "The exact same spot!" He yelled. The ship rumbled in response as debris flew and slid in all directions around him. Rey dodged the incoming projectiles, ready to strike back. "This stupid scar and mask. This rusty setting...all of it for you!" He snarled at her. Turning away, he took his frustrations out on the walls near him. Using the force he hurled a large container away from them. Rey watched stunned, unsure whether to stay guarded or rush in and engage. "What's the matter with you, Ben Solo? You're acting like a child," Rey spoke thru their Force connection. "I hate looking weak in front of you and I swear if you call me that again!" He turned and marched her way. There was something in his dark eyes that made her want to look away. Kylo swung his saber into a container and split it open a bit. As he got closer to her, the container burst, sending pressurized acid everywhere. Without his mask, Kylo dove for cover, ducking into the safety of an ripped shipping container. The acid would leave severe burns and he vainly wanted to protect what was left of his face. He looked for Rey and noticed she hadn't moved. A forcefield was around her, protecting her from the corrosive material. He gave a sly smile, "That's a very old, Jedi trick." He sounded impressed. Rey knelt, allowing the force field to absorb the downpour. "They were going to let that container and all this junk go into the bottom of the ocean?" She yelled back at him. The rest of the acid died down and Rey jumped to a different area of the maze, with Kylo Ren not far behind. Standing on top of a small column she turned and looked down on him. He strolled up returning her gaze, lightsaber in hand. "What are we doing here?" She finally asked, glaring at him. Kylo sliced thru the column, forcing her to jump down to his level. The column tilted and came crashing down, landing in between them. Dust flew everywhere as Kylo Ren and Rey stood their ground. The crumbled column was reduced to an ankle high barrier separating them. "I knew you would do that," she snapped at him. "You're here to come with me and learn the Dark Side. Then together, we will claim what is rightfully ours." He stated simply. He took a step closer as she raised her lightsaber. "Or rather, you will take what is yours," He added cryptically. "I don't want anything to do with you or the Dark Side. You must know that by now, Kylo Ren." Rey was cautious. "You have more in common with the Dark Side than you think, Rey." He barked back at her. Rey's eyes narrowed in response. "Why are you so dedicated to the Jedi Order? You are much more than a Jedi, Rey." He said while switching his lightsaber off. "Strike me down and you'll discover how much we truly share." "How would a monster like you understand? You turned away from the Light and killed every Jedi you could. Jedi that trusted you." Her tone held contempt for Kylo Ren. "I'm not the monster you think I am, Rey. And maybe I understand now," he said coolly. Kylo Ren walked up to her slowly, trying to bait her to lash out. He stepped over the destroyed column and she inched back in response, coiled like a snake. "You feel a connection to Obi Wan Kenobi. A man you've only read about; an absentee ghost in the Jedi Order. Another Master that broke his vow in a moment of weakness. He hid while his child and grandchild were used as pawns. All because he was afraid to step into the spotlight." Kylo Ren's eyes sunk into hers. Rey felt a lump in her throat. "You can be so much more, Rey. The Force is strong in my family. Its strong in yours, too." Kylo Ren was close to her now, in arms reach. Rey sent him back with a Force Push. He smacked a low hanging girder, landing on his hands and feet, crouched in pain. Rey closed the distance seeking to incapacitate Kylo Ren and capture him. He'd stand trial for his crimes, she thought. She wouldn't let him cheat justice with a swift death. She raised her saber with the intent of putting it through his thigh. Kylo reached out and used the Force to stop her downswing. The pair struggled in a stalemate, Force against lightsaber. "You're a princess Rey. This ship was the tower you were trapped in," He gritted out. Rey hovered over him, locked in the struggle. "I saved you from this place and I swore to protect you no matter what. I saved you again, at the Jedi Temple," her lightsaber was drifting closer to his face now. "You're Palpatine's granddaughter. Rey, you're the heir to the Empire!," He yelled at her. Rey's eyes widened and Kylo Ren used the opportunity to roll backward. In a fluid motion he drew his lightsaber and slashed it across her thigh. Rey suppressed a scream, raising her lightsaber in defense. The wound was deep but could be repaired. Rey bit down, stifling the pain, and pushing past it. Her speed advantage had been taken away. "I promise, your majesty, I will never harm you again. You're too valuable to me; more valuable than you can possibly understand." Kylo pleaded. "There is no Empire—it was defeated!" Rey struggled with her footing, eyeing Kylo Ren. "Rey, the First Order rose from the Dark Side, the ashes of the Empire. Snoke has no true claim to it. You, alone, have the only right to rule the First Order. Don't you realize what this means?" Kylo asked desperately. Rey froze in her stance, his words couldn't possibly be true , she thought. She was the descendant of a great Jedi. The Force had led her to this revelation. He must be lying to get under my skin , she considered. "I don't believe you. I know what my name is," she said softly. Rey's mind was racing. Kylo slowly approached again. "It's just a last name, Rey. You can rule the galaxy, like Emperor Palpatine. You can bring balance to the Force, with me at your side. It is your destiny to end this conflict, I've seen it. You showed it to me, years ago." Kylo Ren said, standing close enough to whisper. His long fingers brushed the palm of her hand. She wanted to jerk her hand away, stab him with the lightsaber, but she froze. His gentleness was so out of character. He leaned in close and she felt his warm breath on her neck. She shuttered; Kylo Ren was much too close. "You killed your father, all the Jedi..." she said weakly protesting. Rey was staring into his dark eyes, ignoring her own excuses. With his other hand, Kylo Ren switched off her lightsaber. He pressed his body into hers, pulling her close. Slowly, he leaned in to kiss his love. Rey closed her eyes and inhaled expectantly. She felt the soft graze of his lips, causing hers to part slightly. She could feel his warmth—their connection simmered. Her bottom lip nestled gently between his. If she had waited a heartbeat longer, she would have lost everything in that kiss. Instead, Rey shoved the cold metallic hilt of her lightsaber into his neck. Kylo's eyes shot open, confused. Rey didn't take her eyes off his, keeping the lightsaber firmly in place. Her bottom lip trembled, still close to his mouth. It was his turn to freeze in disbelief. Kylo's mind was a blur, denied after all this time. There was hurt, anger in his gaze. Her expression turned to one of resolve. She could end his life in any moment. End their future with a flick of the ignition . He thought. Rey's pulse was racing. She could feel his steady heartbeat, caught between following her desire and doing what was right. Kylo Ren held her gaze, his hands and arms still embraced her. The cold hilt of the lightsaber dug deeper into his neck. Notes: So, if I ever have a son, I will name him Cliff Hanger. Thanks for making it this far. You're reviews and kudos inspire me to press on. There's a rescue attempt going on during this fight too; let's check in on it next :) Chapter 10 : Rescue Summary: Luke Skywalker leads the rescue of his sister, General Leia Organa and the Resistance crew. Far away, Rey and Kylo Ren struggle to bring their fight to a conclusion. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke Skywalker stood silently watching the light's on Rey's transport disappear from view. She was heading to face Kylo Ren on L'kya. His padawan chose this path and he respected her decision. The Jedi Master agreed to lead Leia's rescue attempt but there was an unsettling feeling that he couldn't ignore. Finn jogged up to the Jedi Master and noticed his eyes were closed. Luke appeared to meditating. Clearing his throat, "Mr. Skywalker— er , Luke." Finn said, waiting for a response. Luke remained silent, motionless. Finn grew anxious waiting for him to reply. Maybe Rey is in a lot more danger than she realizes and Luke is worried too, he thought. He hated the idea of Rey fighting Kylo Ren alone. Finn cleared his throat again. "Yes, Finn." Luke replied, opening his eyes and studying the young man. "The Black Squadron has cleared the moon and is awaiting your go ahead. BB-8 missed his last check in, so it's possible they are blocking outgoing transmissions." He stated. Luke knew if BB-8 had been discovered, the First Order would prepare for an imminent rescue attempt. No doubt, Kylo Ren would have warned them of the possibility. "Tell our squadron to watch for TIE fighters and cannon fire from the cruiser," Luke replied running his hand along the transport's hull. "I'll let them know," Finn said, watching the Jedi slowly climb the transport ladder. "Sir, when was the last time you flew?" Finn asked hesitantly. Luke didn't look like much of a pilot these days. Luke laughed at him. "I blew up the Death Star, remember?" Luke flipped the lever to raise Artoo into the transport. "Wait for my signal before you dock the Millennium Falcon. And don't worry about Rey, she can take care of herself," he added. Leia was escorted out of the brig by four armed guards. With two guards on either side and two behind her, it was impossible to make a run for cover. The ship had an eerie, empty feeling about it. The stormtrooper's footprints echoed loudly. The corridors smelled of blaster fire and there were subtle reminders of her son's deception everywhere. Flickering lights and scorched panels scarred what was once a pristine interior. At least someone had the decency to remove her fallen crew, she thought. Leia blamed herself for the loss of life but now was not the time to grieve. Entering the bridge, Leia saw First Order engineers and troops scurrying about. One pair of stormtroopers looked like they were creating a fortification near the entrance. Several engineers were working away at the stations her crew once occupied. What she wouldn't give to be out of these restraints, blaster in hand. Leia elbowed the guard gripping her arm. Wincing, he let her go. The metallic stormtrooper surveyed Leia and approached. "General Organa," Phasma stated in a formal tone. Leia looked up at the statuesque stormtrooper with contempt, refusing to speak. "Lord Ren asked me to show you something before your friends arrive." Phasma was handed a clear tablet from one of the engineers. She quickly punched in a code and a secure video feed appeared on the device. She held the device so only Leia could properly see it. Leia studied the video feed on the tablet. At first glance, it resembled security footage of First Order operations. She found it rather odd, wondering why her son would want to show her this. "I don't understand," Leia said sharply. "Is this his way of bragging?" She asked, clearly annoyed. "Look closer, General." Phasma said, lowering her voice. Leia squinted, taking another glance. Her demeanor changed as a terrifying thought came into her head. "This can't be...," she said at a loss for words. "Why—why are you showing me this?" Leia asked bewildered. "To show you how serious Kylo Ren is, ma'am. His unyielding determination." Phasma turned off the video feed and set the tablet down. "We are the only ones here that know about this, General." Said Phasma, in a disturbingly calm tone. "Lock her in the crew quarters and post two stormtroopers outside. Then give me an update of the droid hunt." Phasma nodded for the guards to take her away. Leia's mind raced as the guards hurried her away. She was so preoccupied she didn't realize the stormtroopers had ahold of both arms. It barely registered that the guards were separating her from the rest of the prisoners. She struggled to take one last look back at Phasma. "Lord Ren thought this would help with the girl, the Jedi." Phasma yelled just before Leia was out of earshot. The Black Squadron exited hyperspace in view of the Thrive . At first glance, the ship appeared to be floating silently in space. Without warning, cannon fire erupted from the cruiser's flank, scattering the X-Wings. Going into attack formation, the X-Wings kept a sharp eye for enemy fighters. TIE fighters came soaring in formation from the dark side of the cruiser. The X-Wing engaged, drawing enemy fire away from the docking bays. Luke's transport entered the battle undetected, followed by the Millennium Falcon. Chewy and Finn held back, watching Luke successfully dock on the droid maintenance hatch. Located toward the center of the ship, the hatch wasn't designed for docking. Fortunately the Resistance had one small vessel that could manage the task. "Okay Chewy, with any luck they won't be guarding that entryway," Finn said optimistically. Chewy nodded, roaring in response. Finn watched the X-Wings engaging the deadly TIE squadron. It gave him an uneasy feeling, hanging back while his friends created a diversion. "Let's take some of these TIE fighters out," he said, sprinting for the laser cannons. The Millennium Falcon entered the fight, unleashing a barrage of crimson cannon fire on the unsuspecting enemy. Aboard the Thrive , stormtroopers took their positions in the docking bay. Sounds of the dogfight nearby were reverberating throughout the corridors. Each blast and tremor aboard the cruiser was distracting; keeping the troopers on edge. Crates were stacked as makeshift bunkers, shielding a dozen stormtroopers. Blasters ready, the unit covered all access points in the docks. Focusing straight ahead, no one noticed the hooded figure approaching from behind. The figure stumbled over the cape, tripping on its length. Creeping forward the cloaked man ignited a lightsaber, giving it a feral swing into the nearest stormtrooper. The stormtrooper let out a loud cry and fell to the ground. Alarmed, his unit turned and open fired. The hooded figure fell to the ground in a motionless, twisted heap. The stormtroopers slowly surrounded the cloaked attacker. The commander among the troopers wore a red pauldron, and took the lead. He lifted his hand high, signaling for them to continue firing into the lifeless body. Only when his troops were a few feet away, did he gesture for a cease. Kneeling, the commander turned the smoking body over. Watching the hood fall back he breathed, "FN-6010," in disbelief. The huddled stormtroopers looked at the familiar body, perplexed. From behind the group, a figure silently dropped in. Luke Skywalker gave a swift wave of his hand and sent every stormtrooper flying thru the air. The commander was the only one able to recover, scrambling to his hands and knees. Luke gave another subtle flick, calling the lightsaber back to him. The commander desperately grabbed a blaster nearby and fired it. The Jedi Master deflected the shot into his attacker's helmet. Luke surveyed the room, trying to detect any other threats. Satisfied, the green saber retracted into its hilt. I think it's time for a new cloak, he thought, observing the mangled mess in front of him. Luke heard the familiar chirping of Artoo from the nearby hallway. He watched the blue droid weave through the mosaic of armor clad bodies. Artoo stopped at the nearby data terminal, attempting to gain access. All information on the ship had been restricted, causing Artoo to make a long, disappointed sound. "Well, we know they have control of the cannons." Luke said, looking down at Artoo. His old friend beeped in response. The Jedi Master reached out with the Force, searching the cruiser. There were definitely stormtroopers throughout the ship and he could sense Leia's presence. Feeling her strength, was a welcome relief. "Wait for Chewy and see if you can find BB-8," he said while walking out of the docking bay. "Finn, Chewy, you guys are cleared to land." Luke said into his communicator. Aboard the Millennium Falcon, Chewy roared in response. The Falcon banked toward the cruiser. A TIE fighter nearby mimicked their movement, gaining on their tail. Finn unleashed the cannons in response, clipping the TIE fighter. General Phasma heard reports of blaster fire over her comm. She surveyed the security monitors and saw Luke Skywalker approaching the bridge. Phasma gave the order to start the main engines and steer the ship into the nearest star. By any means necessary, she thought. Phasma exited the bridge, escorted by two stormtroopers. The Blast doors were sealed behind her, trapping the engineers and a few stormtroopers inside. "Destroy the access panel," She ordered. On her command, an escort fired repeatedly into the panel, preventing anyone else from getting in or out of the bridge. Heading for the escape pods, Phasma wisely took a different corridor to avoid Luke Skywalker. Stepping into the pod alone, she took one last look at her stormtrooper escorts. "Go to the detention area and show no mercy." With a push of a button, General Phasma was off the Thrive, rocketing toward the nearest inhabitable system. Luke approached the blast doors outside the bridge. The access panel to the left was still smouldering, sending out bursts of sparks. Beneath his feet, he sensed the ship's engines coming to life. The First Order had control of the Thrive and he needed to shut the runaway ship down. On the other side of the ship, Finn and Chewy fought their way towards the brig. Ducking behind the columns lining the corridor, they picked off enemies one by one. Sneaking up from behind then, the escort stormtroopers attacked. Chewy turned and fired his bowcaster near their feet, sending both attackers twisting in the air. Finn laid down cover fire, still facing the stormtroopers ahead. "You've got to get me one of those," He yelled over the whizzing sounds of enemy fire. Closing in on the brig, the pair turned the corner to see a stormtrooper manning a turret. Chewy roared and they both dove for cover. The turret unleashed rapid fire blasts, blanketing the corridor. The barrage made it impossible for either hero to return fire. The sound was deafening as the two exchanged looks. "We're gonna get flanked if we stay here," Finn shouted over the noise. From behind the gunner and turret, a small droid bravely rolled up to detention cell. Poe Dameron and the rest of the detainees were on alert, anxiously watching as the stormtrooper fired at unknown targets. Out of the corner of his eye, Poe noticed BB-8 breaking a small panel off the wall. The noise of the turret masked BB-8's actions. Poe nudged the Resistance crew next to him, pointing BB-8 out. The forcefield to the brig faded away and the prisoners gang rushed the last stormtrooper, knocking him and the turret over. Seizing the opportunity, Finn and Chewy charged the corner. Poe shouted at them while he knelt over the downed turret, "Don't shoot, it's the Resistance." Finn recognized the voice of his best friend and held his fire. Chewy did not, jerking his bowcaster upward and sending a shot into the ceiling. Sparks rained down, causing the prisoners to dive for cover. Chewy may have caused a few of them to piss themselves. Poe laughed hysterically, "Don't worry, that happens to a lot of guys, Chewy." He knew he could give the wookiee grief about this for months. Chewy roared angrily, asking about Leia. Luke Skywalker took a few steps back and centered himself on the blast doors. Reaching out with both hands he used the Force to push at the edges and corners of the doors. The metal squealed and dented, crumpling at the sides. As the sound got louder, the bridge trembled like an earthquake. The First Order crew inside ducked for cover. With a final great push, the blast doors caved in, crushing the fortification inside. The stormtroopers positioned there were now crushed under the heavy metal. As the dust settled, Luke Skywalker climbed up onto the door and looked down at the remaining crew. "That's Luke Skywalker!" shouted one of the engineers in disbelief. Without another word, the remaining enemy crewman placed their hands above their heads, surrendering to the Jedi Master. "Take us out of hyperdrive." Luke commanded. The nearest engineer obeyed and dropped the battlecruiser out of hyperspace. Finn and Chewy came running into the bridge with blasters raised. "We're fine here." Luke said quietly, casting an eye over the engineers. "I need to find my sister," he said with a subtle smile. Finn and Chewy closed in on the engineers, refusing to lower their guard. The Jedi Master took a few steps out of the room and then stopped. He turned, peering out the panoramic windows into outer space. Luke closed his eyes and honed in on the feeling he had earlier, standing on the moon. "Gather the rest of the Resistance. And we're going to need these engineers to help us." Luke stated sharply. Finn looked incredulously back and forth between Luke and the First Order crewmen. "But Luke—" he started. "All hands on deck, Finn. Rey needs our assistance." Luke said firmly before disappearing to locate Leia. Kylo Ren embraced his love, Rey. She held his gaze with sparkling eyes, but wore a stern expression. Rey's lips were tightly pressed together, hiding her feelings. The hilt of her lightsaber was cutting into his neck now, but he didn't notice it anymore. "Take your hands off me," Rey said in an even, steady tone. "Okay, I will. Just give me another hour or three," he said playfully. Rey furrowed her brow and closed her eyes. Her leg was bothering her and she didn't want him to know. She kept her thoughts guarded. Kylo watched her expression carefully. "Ah, I see. We don't have that long between your leg and the explosives ." He said gently pulling her in closer. Rey focused on her breathing and returned his gaze. "What about the explosives?," she snapped back. Before he could reply, Rey entered his mind and felt what he did. One of the shape detonators below them had acid dripping on it. The Force was radiating at them both to leave, but she missed the warning. "You just can't control yourself can you? Attacking everything with a lightsaber, like a spoiled child." Her words bounced off him this time. They had to get off the rusty Star Destroyer immediately. Kylo let her go and they both ran to the exit on the far side of the ship. Weaving thru the maze, Rey's leg gave way and she stumbled. Kylo passed her but swung back to give her a hand. She pushed him away as the detonator exploded behind them. The heat from the explosion singed Kylo's hair as he shielded her. The shockwave reverberated throughout the ship. With a loud rumble, the walls in the labyrinth buckled and started toppling over. Kylo threw a Force push at the wall over Rey, holding it in place. Rey hopped onto one leg, unsure if she could make it out on her own. The ship groaned once more and listed gently backward. Rey gave Kylo subtle nod. Kylo picked her up with both arms, giving her a quick glance. There wasn't time to argue. "Don't think this changes anything." Rey stated through their connection. Kylo bolted thru the rest of the maze as the additional shape detonators started firing. A large portion on the upper deck started breaking apart before them, threatening to crush the narrow exit. Kylo held Rey tightly and lept to the falling piece, running up it as it plummeted. With another great leap, they cleared the debris and landed with a tumble on the deck outside. Reeling from the sizable impact, the entire ship buckled as sea water flooded in. Rey painfully lifted herself up, watching her transport vessel slide off the hull, into the water. She cursed inwardly as Kylo weighed their options. "You can swim, right?" He asked, taking a deep breath. Rey shot him an apprehensive look, almost terrified of the idea. Kylo sent them both into the water as the ship listed at a dangerous incline. Washing up on the beach, Rey coughed up salty sea water. The polluted water burned her lungs and skin. The dark figure of Kylo Ren was quickly by her side, dragging her onto the shore. Rey's eyelids were heavy and she fought fiercely to stay awake. Kylo pressed his palm on her forehead, sensing her frailty. Rey had lost too much blood. The lightsaber failed to cauterize her injury completely. Maybe it had something to do with the thick air on this dying world , he thought. Hovering over her leg, he took a closer look at the cut he inflicted. He ripped the fabric away with his bare hands, discovering the wound was worse than either of them initially thought. Quickly shedding his cloak, the Sith lord began ripping it into long strips. "I thought you Jedi's were suppose to be able to heal," he said, agitated. This was entirely his fault and he cursed under his breath. Rey responded weakly, placing a hand over the wound. Her eyes closed and her brow furrowed, but she was unable to regenerate in her current condition. Kylo watched her hand and placed his hands over hers. He took a deep breath and tried to remember training from his former life. The skill escaped him then, as it did now. Kylo wrapped the dark bandages tightly around her leg and hip. He couldn't help but notice the slight curve of Rey's leg and his eyes wandered upward. She looked beautiful lying there on the beach; absentmindedly, his hand lingered on her leg. Sensing eyes on her, Rey grabbed his wrist. Kylo averted his gaze, "I'm teaching you how to swim, first chance we get, scavenger . And you owe me head—a new helmet." He corrected, sensing her fade. Rey's vision blurred. She turned her head away, fighting the darkness. Before she slipped out of consciousness, she felt a pair of footsteps approaching. Notes: First of all, I'd like to thank everyone for their comments on Ch. 9 - I'm grateful for the feedback and it helps. I'm motivated to clear up Rey's past, now more than ever. I hate leaving Reylo to focus on these other details, but it all ties into my two favorite characters. I hope everything written in this chapter makes sense, I foolishly attended a Wed. night concert. On an unrelated note: wouldn't it be nice to have a job like an airline pilot, where no one cares if you show up drunk or hungover for work? As long as you get it done, right? Remember that the next time you buy a plane ticket. Chapter 11 : Plan B Summary: Leia Organa and Luke Skywalker are finally reunited, but its bittersweet. Kylo Ren has captured Rey. Aboard the command shuttle, they share a different battle. Kylo Ren believes Rey will turn to the Dark Side with the proper motivation. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren ripped away the sleeve on his left arm. He quickly inspected the fresh wound he received from his assailants. The burn cut into his bicep, just below the injury Rey inflicted moments earlier. The pain fueled his strength. Both attackers were down in the sand. One was completely motionless, bleeding and no longer a threat. The larger one was trying to inch along the beach, crawling away from Kylo Ren like a crab. The coward wouldn't get far . Anger surging, Kylo reached out with the Force. Rising high in the air, the surviving attacker withered in agony. He tried to cry out, plead with Kylo, but his vocal chords were crushed; paralyzed. The Sith Lord stalked the now helpless attacker, fiery crossguard lightsaber clutched tightly. With two deadly slashes and a thrust, the fight came to a brutal conclusion. The large body fell into the sand with a heavy, splashy thud. Kylo Ren seethed, out of foes to dismantle. Abandoning the lifeless corpses, he rushed back to Rey. She was safe. Overhead, the faint sounds of the command shuttle grew louder. The pilots spotted the silhouette of their leader. Rey drifted into darkness. For a time, it was peaceful and silent. Then her senses came back. The scent of pine, followed by a cool breeze. The leaves above rustled as she felt the wind in her hair. The forest was strange, almost alien in nature. Like something out of a dream , she noted. With a flash of light, Rey fell backwards. She winced, hitting the back of her head on an ancient tree. The impact knocked the lightsaber from her fingertips. Kylo Ren was on her immediately, pinning her in place. He trapped both her hands above her head, the bark digging into her skin. Kylo's fiery stare burned into her eyes. Sensing her hesitation, he leaned forward. Heart pounding, Rey turned away from his gaze. He kissed along her exposed neck, feeling Rey's quickening pulse. Rey bit her lip, stifling a moan. Knees weakening, her mind raced. She wanted to push him away. "We're stronger together," he breathed into her ear. She gasped, furrowing in response. Her hands pushed back against his, fighting his grip. Rey lifted a knee to put some separation between them. Instead, she wrapped her leg around his waist, pulling him closer. "I hate you." She cursed, wrestling a hand free. Her fingers grabbed a fistful of his hair. "I know," he grunted. A blinding hot flash pushed the forest away. She heard voices echoing in the distance, calling her name. Another flash and he disappeared too, startling Rey awake. After so many years, Leia embraced her brother, squeezing him tightly. "You need a haircut." She smiled, brushing the hair off his forehead. Luke laughed in response. "No mirrors on Ahch-To," he said smiling. He noticed the bandages on her arm. Gently turning her hand, he inspected the dressing. "He's not your son anymore," Luke said softly. Leia sighed, "I know." It was comforting to have Luke close to her again. She knew that Ben Solo died the moment he killed Han. Now that Luke was in the picture, Kylo Ren would be going after him next. She couldn't let that happen; soon she'd have the army to do something about it. "This is entirely my fault. Kylo Ren must have been planning this for awhile. Our ships we're getting attacked, some of them disappearing without a trace. All of this effort to challenge you and Rey." As Leia said this, she scanned the crowded bridge for signs of the young woman. Luke cleared his throat. "Kylo Ren has Rey," he said regretfully. The Jedi Master stared into his sister's eyes. They exchanged meaningful looks, reading each other's thoughts. Neither chose to say what was on their mind with Finn nearby. "That's not all he has," Leia said quietly. Luke gave her a slightly puzzled look. "Who has Rey? Kylo Ren!? When you said assistance , you made it sound like she needed a ride." Finn said loudly, drawing attention to the pair. Leia sighed. Chewy had been posturing near the engineers with his bowcaster. He turned and let out a growl over the news. The scared engineers shook in response. "His plan is to bring her to the Dark Side," Luke said gravely. Finn invited himself to the conversation, staring at the Jedi Master. Leia gave them both a stern look. "We won't let that happen," she stated confidently. "Do you have a way to track her?" Finn glanced over at the First Order engineers. "They will help us. They don't have a choice in the matter," he said, nodding over by Chewy. Luke gave Finn a pat on the shoulder. Aboard the command shuttle, Rey opened her eyes. Her skin burned and limbs felt weak. She slowly sat up, taking in her surroundings. The shuttle was dimly lit by a handful of evenly spaced lights, running down the center and sides. She had been lying on a bench, with a familiar presence close by. Kylo Ren sat across from her, hunched forward. His elbows rested on his knees and his chin was tucked under his hands. Eyes closed, his face look worn with worry. One arm was exposed, showing multiple battle scars and his musculature. She didn't remember that from before . Rey gazed at her nemesis skeptically, trying to read him but his mind was clear for a change. Looking at his arm again, her thoughts drifted to the forest. Was it just a dream or something more? She asked herself. "Welcome back," he said in a tired, deep voice, remaining still. "What am I wearing?" She asked, rubbing her leg. Rey had been changed into clothes very similar to the outfits the Resistance gave her. There were subtle differences; the fabric was all black and a bit more abrasive. Kylo titled his head and allowed his eyes to roam over her. A slight smile crept out of the corner of his mouth. "Did you strip me naked?" She asked bitterly, trying to stand up. He gave a short laugh and motioned for her to take it easy. "I didn't look or act in any manner that would dishonor you. We worked on your leg for some time. You have an intriguing, faint scar on your thigh." He said trying to sound reassuring. She glared at him in response. "How about next time, you can strip the clothes off of me? It's only fair." He said, watching her expression. "You disgust me." She said sharply. "That's not entirely accurate." He countered in a playful tone. Rey kept her expression the same, refusing to humor him. Had he been in her head? She wondered. Feeling better, Rey's strength returned. "Give me my lightsaber," she demanded, standing. The Jedi barely hovered over him, standing as tall as she could. Kylo Ren disarmed her the moment she was aboard the command shuttle. "No. That lightsaber belongs to me. I'm going to show you how to construct your own." He said looking up at her. He did not appear to be threatened by her stance or proximity. Rey clenched her jaw slightly and considered forcing Kylo Ren to give it to her. It would be easy to take him by surprise , she thought, observing his defenseless posture. "As much fun it would be to throw each other around, we are travelling through hyperspace. You and I would destroy this shuttle if we started fighting again. Is that really what you want?" Kylo asked slightly amused. He was getting better at reading her, which was frustrating. "Earlier today, you threatened to sink a Destroyer and drown us because you thought it was romantic." She threw back at him. "I never said it was romantic. That's your interpretation. Romantic ." He teased. Annoyed, Rey looked away from him and took a few steps toward the cockpit. Kylo Ren watched her, pulling his legs underneath him. When she turned around, his eyes were closed, apparently meditating. He has some nerve letting his guard down like this, even if we are traveling thru hyperspace. She thought. Rey considered the possibility of using the Force to swipe his lightsaber, bringing a quick end to their journey together. "That anger of yours is going to make this easier than I thought." His tone was bordering on condescending now. "Where are you taking me?" She replied, sighing heavily. Rey felt like she already knew the answer. "To finish your training." He said simply, refusing to open his eyes. That's not really the answer I wanted , she thought. The door to the cockpit opened and one of the pilots looked in on them. "Sir, we have confirmation of General Phasma's location." Stated the female pilot. "Alert the Finalizer . Have them send a search party," Kylo Ren replied. The pilot looked at the back of the shuttle and pointed. "Do you want us to get rid of them ?" She asked coldly. Rey turned, noticing the dead bodies in the back of the shuttle. Covered in black, the two mounds should have caught her attention right away. Rey's eyes found Kylo's. Silently, he read her expression. "Sir?" The pilot asked. "No. Supreme Leader Snoke will want to see what happened." He said, still holding Rey's gaze. Satisfied, The pilot closed the cockpit door. "Rest easy, they aren't anyone you care about. I wouldn't waste perfectly good body bags on your friends." Kylo Ren smirked, watching Rey squirm. "Those bodies died of lightsaber wounds," she stated peering into his mind. Rey caught brief images of Kylo Ren wielding a lightsaber on the beach. "Why did you kill them?" "Stop sneaking around Rey," he snapped, shutting her out. "I have no problem killing anyone that comes between us." He said, raising his voice. "Remember that," he added. "Does that include your Master , Snoke?" She asked, folding her arms. Kylo leaned back and didn't respond to her. He needed to keep his focus now that Rey was using their Force connection again. "All you've done is deceive anyone that has ever cared about you. You killed Han, hurt Leia, and destroyed the Jedi Academy. How could I trust a word you say?" She sat back down and tightly gripped the bench with both hands. "You're a puppet for the Dark Side." Kylo leaned forward again, eyes narrowing. "I've only lied about two things and both of those were to get you on this ship." He replied. "As for any other deception or wrongdoing, I am a Sith Lord," he said angrily. "For there to be a teacher/apprentice relationship, the apprentice must trust the teacher," she said flatly. Rey had a hard time believing Kylo Ren had the patience to train anyone. She didn't believe a word he said on L'kya and he notoriously had a short fuse. Kylo searched her eyes and thought for a moment. "You're right, Rey." He reached into a pocket and pulled out a small cube. He tossed it underhand to Rey, who caught it with both hands. It was the Holocron Luke gave her. "Trust has to be earned," he conceded. Rey eyed him carefully. "How can you be sure this device won't teach me to be more powerful than you?" She asked, testing him. Rey wondered if he had an opportunity to observe the Holocron while she was asleep. "It can only be accessed by a Jedi. Therefore, I imagine there's only so much damage it can do." He paused, gauging her reaction. "Passion, pain and anger make me stronger. So to have a powerful girlfriend that makes me miserable and never lets me touch her, is ideal...from a Sith perspective," he said, grinning wide. Rey wasn't amused and chose to change the subject. "So what happens when you fail to turn me to the Dark Side? Will I remain your prisoner forever, or will you be ordered to kill me?" She pressed the issue. "You're not my prisoner and no one will harm you. As for you allegiance, well, there's always plan B," he said calmly. Kylo returned to his meditative state, feeling her eyes burning into him. Rey reached out with the Force, attempting to read him. His mind cleared, yielding no further information. She pushed harder, feeling a resistant barrier. He was keeping something from her . "Not this time, Rey. You may not like what you see." Kylo said to her, focusing on closing the connection. Leaning back, Rey let him have a brief victory. The right moment would come , she thought while inspecting every side of the Holocron. "Maybe you'll get the answers you deserve and not just the one's you want to hear." He said cryptically. Rey refused to acknowledge him. Kylo Ren shifted his position. "Alright. The female pilot up there helped you change into the new clothes. The old ones were covered in toxic water." He finally admitted. "Taking us into that death trap was an error. I hoped it would restore what was lost, without considering the cost" he said bitterly. Rey quietly observed the man in front of her. Neither of them spoke again until the command shuttle boarded the Finalizer . Notes: Thanks for continuing this adventure with me. I appreciate the comments and kudos you guys leave me. Should I be responding to every comment? I'm not sure what the protocol is and I don't want to be an annoying jerk either way. Let me know. With the release date of Episode 8 being pushed farther back, I am considering going deeper with this story. Just as a coping mechanism; It depends on how the last six chapters or so are received. At some point I'll be experiencing Reylo withdrawals. Chapter 12 : The Masks We Wear Summary: Kylo Ren becomes Rey's Master and she isn't happy about it. Things are not what they appear to be in the First Order. A new power struggle comes into the forefront. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Red lights inside the command shuttle turned on, indicating they were moments from landing. Kylo Ren opened a compartment, retrieving a folded black cloak. He handed the cloak to Rey, who accepted it without saying a word to him. "You are a Knight of Ren now. You must look the part." Kylo watched her stand and wrap herself in the cloak. The outer layer had detail work similar to the one he usually wore. He smiled slightly, noticing the way she felt the fabric through her fingertips. "Who did you have to kill in order to get this?" She asked coldly. "It was made for you." He responded quietly. "I had it created after I realized who you were. It's only been sitting in there for a year." Rey suddenly felt guilty about the comment, realizing that it fit perfectly. Kylo didn't seem to take it personally. They both stood silently next to each other, facing the ramp in the command shuttle. The familiar noises of landing gear rattled under their feet. Kylo's veins pulsed with a surge of energy, picturing the two of them standing like this on future missions. "I'm not wearing a mask." She stated, refusing to look at him. Her words snapped him out of his daydream. "That's not up to you, Rey." He said sternly, using his peripherals to assess her. "I refuse to hide who I am." She said, firmly. "And why should you ?" she asked, challenging him. Kylo Ren shifted his eyes from her to the ramp. Annoyed, he didn't have a rebuttal. Her tone needed to change immediately , he thought. Kylo took a step and positioned himself in front of her. "You will address me as 'Master' from now on. You must remain silent unless I give you permission to speak." He demanded, searching her eyes. Rey flashed him a look of utter disgust, folding her arms. "You're insane if you think I'm going to be your obedient little—" She quickly ended her rant, noticing his hand reaching gently for her elbow. "It's a part of your training and crucial to your blending in here." He said, raising his voice as she pulled away. "Show me you possess the will to follow these simple rules, Jedi." Exasperated, Rey scoffed at him. "If I don't?" She asked, glaring at him. Kylo had a way of getting under her skin and it was finally taking a toll. "You will be punished." He breathed, lips curling. His dark eyes stared into her sparkling ones. Kylo used his height and leaned forward, appearing more menacing. "I am not afraid of you." She said, defiantly holding her ground. Rey unintentionally gritted her teeth at him; it was a look he secretly enjoyed eliciting from her. Kylo raised his hand pointing at her, "Every time you disobey me, I will execute one of your friends. Starting with the traitor you call...Finn." He hissed at her. Rey's eyes narrowed and her posture tightened, defensively. "You don't know where they are," she said using their Force connection. Her words sounded bitter and echoed in his mind. "You won't find them," she spat thru the connection, trying to convince herself. Kylo's eyes locked into hers; neither one refusing to look away. "Are you willing to take that chance?" He replied thru their connection. Kylo loved this mental sparring, so long as he came out on top. Finally, Rey broke the staring contest, looking away. She may have to play along for now but this was far from over . She thought. Glancing at the lowering ramp, Kylo let a small chuckle leave his lips. The familiar sights of the flightdeck came into view. General Hux waited anxiously for the command shuttle door to lower. He looked paler than usual, having a sleepless night. The Supreme Leader had been furious with him. Hux was entirely to blame for a training mission that resulted in the near capture of Kylo Ren, the loss of his best TIE pilots, and a squadron of stormtroopers. To the best of his knowledge, the Resistance had set a trap for the First Order. Stormtroopers lined the flightdeck in ranks, as a show of unity and strength. The ramp opened, extending to the ground. A maskless Kylo Ren came storming out, followed closely by an attractive young woman in black. "I'm relieved to see you here, Lord Ren," Hux said calmly. Without his helmet, Kylo Ren's expression was on full display for everyone to see. His annoyance and anger could be read from across the flightdeck. Most stormtroopers had never seen his real face and they averted their gaze. The pilots on the shuttle waved for help. Two pairs of stormtroopers rushed past General Hux, up the ramp to retrieve what appeared to be luggage. "Lord Ren, where is your mask?" Hux asked carefully. In past, the General would never address him in such a formal manner. After the destruction of the Starkiller base, the balance of power started shifting in the First Order. "It served its purpose." Kylo replied, being intentionally vague. "Ah, yes. And who is this young woman?" The General asked, taking in Rey's features. He felt he should recognize her, but couldn't place her. "She is a Knight of Ren. That is all you need to know." Kylo snapped at him. General Hux lowered his gaze and chose not to say anymore on the subject. Turning away he snapped his fingers. "We have a replacement helmet, Lord Ren." A stormtrooper hurried to deliver the black mask to the Sith Lord. Apparently, the First Order had several replicas made just in case. Kylo Ren took the helmet in his hands, glaring at it for a moment. Without looking at her, Kylo felt Rey's presence behind him, almost whispering to him. "I'm not hiding my face anymore," he growled, definitively. Rey looked up at Kylo, doing her best to hide a look of surprise. Kylo floated the mask high above them. Without warning, he used the Force to crush it. It fell to the flightdeck near Hux's feet, in an unrecognizable heap. The loud noise it made caused the General to jump. Giving Rey a quick glance, Kylo Ren addressed the entire flightdeck. "I am not a machine or some creature hiding in a mask. What will the Resistance do when they realize they are powerless to stop one man?" His voice echoed. Rey kept her eyes trained on Kylo Ren. She was unimpressed by this little outburst, though it appeared to be effective, judging by the stormtrooper's response. General Hux wisely kept quiet. He noticed the stormtroopers returning down the ramp with what was clearly, two dead bodies. His usual scowl was replaced by a puzzled look, much to the delight of Kylo Ren. "Two Knights of Ren. Killed at the hands of Luke Skywalker." Kylo stated, shifting his gaze to Rey. She inhaled, fighting the impulse to challenge his claim. Biting her tongue, Rey tilted her head trying to read Kylo Ren. One of the stormtroopers knelt, lifting the black cover so only the General could see. The stockier dead Knight looked like it had been mauled by a Rancor. Hux gave an inaudible moan of disgust, taking a step back. "What are you up to?" Rey asked him thru their Force Connection. Kylo glanced at her but didn't respond; reading Hux's mind instead. General Hux suddenly looked ill. "How did this happen?" He asked, voice cracking. At his request, Snoke lent him two Knights. With Kylo Ren disappearing on secretive missions all the time, Hux was being cautious, trying to cover his own neck. These Knights were acting on the his orders at the time of their demise. Hux rubbed his forehead, visibly stressed. "Take these bodies to the Chamber." Kylo ordered. The stormtroopers complied and hurried past them. "I'll deal with you in a moment, General. I suggest you use the time wisely. The Supreme Leader will demand an explanation for this." He snapped. Without another word, Kylo Ren walked away from General Hux. Rey moved quickly, trying to keep up with his long strides. As they approached the living quarters, Kylo felt the stare of his apprentice like a burning coal. It was painful, ignoring her. "What is it, my padawan?" He asked sharply. "There is definitely something very wrong about this place. It feels like a sickness," she stated, looking up at him. Kylo's stride quickened. "Why did you lie to that General back there?" She asked, trying to keep up with him without running. Rey wanted to reach out and grab him for a moment; she didn't recall him ever moving this quickly. Maybe when he carried her out of the Star Destroyer, she conceded. "You are a smart woman, Rey. I'm sure you can figure that out." Kylo said, turning a corner. "When you do, keep it to yourself," he added. They stopped in front of a door that had two stormtroopers on either side. The guards saluted their leader but he refused to acknowledge him. "After you." Kylo stated, gesturing for Rey to enter first. She walked past him, slowly entering the dark room. Taking a few steps farther, the lights flickered on. The room was quite large, wedge shaped and decorated entirely in white. The far wall was wider and had large windows, looking out on the stars. Rey was silent, taking it all in. "Not exactly the prison cell you were expecting, is it?" Kylo Ren asked softly. She felt him standing right behind her, making her heart race. "Get settled. A droid will bring you dinner in a few. I have to go address the sickness , as you put it." Kylo headed for the doorway and she turned to look at him. "Where's your room?" She asked, slightly worried about the answer. There was one bed in this room. "Close by." He said, reading her expression. The answer didn't help the feeling she had at the moment. "Get some rest, your training as a Sith starts tomorrow. If you wish to survive the day, you need to be at your best." He said with a sly smile. The door shut and locked behind him. Rey took another look around the room, noticing the incredible view. It was so different from anything she had stayed in before. She couldn't help but think that this room was part of Kylo's manipulation. He knew where she came from . Was this his way of impressing her, ensuring that she'd stay? She had seen visions of Kylo's quarters, peering through their connection. This place was different, almost like it had been built for her. She thought. Rey sat down on the bed. She started thinking about her escape plan. Surely, Kylo Ren would have taken extra precautions this time. If I only had my lightsaber , she thought. Kylo Ren was also keeping something big from her. She was sure of it and needed to figure it out before she left. Rey took a deep breath, clearing her mind. Reaching in her pocket, she pulled out the Holocron. From across the corridor, stormtrooper CA-4595 stealthily watched Kylo Ren and Rey enter their living quarters. She recognized the Jedi by her hair and clothes. That has to be Rey , CA-4595 thought jealously. The door closed briefly, making her anxious. A moment later, Kylo Ren exited the room and addressed both stormtroopers. "No one is allowed in, except for me. Do not go in there for any reason. Do not speak to her. She is incredibly dangerous. You can let the droid in, but this door does not open again until I return. I don't care how long the droid has to wait inside." He ordered, glaring at both of them. Kylo felt he had to be crystal clear on these directions. "If one of you has to leave to go take a leak, tough." Both stormtroopers nodded. "In fact, turn off the speakers to your helmets," He demanded before leaving them. CA-4595 watched Kylo Ren as he barked instructions to the guards. Once he walked away and disappeared from view, she turned her focus back to the room. Rey was alone, with two guards posted outside. Feeling a sense of desperation, CA-4595 switched the safety off her weapon. Kylo Ren entered the dimly lit Chamber and knelt in front of the two bodies. From above, the giant hologram of Supreme Leader Snoke flickered. His pale skin looked like a specter in the moonlight. "Lord Ren, Rise." The old voice spoke. Kylo Ren stood and confidently returned his Master's icy stare. Snoke limply raised a wrist, extending a long finger at the fallen Knights of Ren. "Explain," he demanded, taking a labored breath. "They died fighting Luke Skywalker. Clearly, they were not ready for a such a challenge." He stated coldly. "If you want to know more, I suggest speaking to General Hux. Apparently these Knights were following his orders, when met their fate." He added pointedly. Snoke grimaced like he had a bad taste in his mouth. "Where is General Hux?" He asked sourly. "I instructed him to meet us here; he must be late." Kylo replied, watching Snoke's expression carefully. "Perhaps I should return and train the remaining Knights. I'd hate to watch this happen again and you can't afford to lose anymore Force sensitives." Kylo Ren suggested in an even tone. Snoke sat back in his chair, quietly observing his apprentice. "That won't be necessary." He said sharply. After a thoughtful pause, "You managed to survive. You returned with a prize." "The scavenger, yes. But Luke Skywalker is relentless and will not rest until she is back in his possession. When he comes for her, the Jedi Master will face me." Kylo replied confidently. Snoke nodded, resting his broken face on his hand. He was trying to get a read on Kylo Ren, but could not. "You were right. It was a mistake to offer the Jedi Academy a peace offering all those years ago." Kylo Ren said, keeping his thoughts guarded. "A mistake I will soon remedy." He added. Snoke shifted to the other side of his seat. "The Resistance grows stronger. We have much to discuss," Snoke said bitterly, gesturing at Kylo Ren. Notes: Thanks for the feedback on the last chapter. It inspires me to keep moving; like in the old west when a bad guy would yell, "Dance," and start shooting at your feet. Actually my Pandora alt rock station has me on a roll right now. I wish Rey had her lightsaber. What is Kylo up to? I haven't checked in on Snoke at all, and this is a pretty important conversation coming up. I will have that and something freaking cool later in the week/weekend. "I just have to double-check the research," snarled Chewy. Would Chewy say such a nerdy thing? Chapter 13 : Push Summary: Rey finds out a shocking truth and confronts Kylo Ren. The First Order is locked in their own power struggle, unaware that they are being played by one of their own. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CA-4595 approached the guarded door with her weapon at the ready. As she got closer, the loud rumble of footsteps gave her pause. Stormtroopers exiting the flightdeck, flooded the corridors around her. She cursed under her breath, lowering the weapon to avoid suspicion. Fellow stormtroopers marched past, oblivious to her intentions. The crowd screened her ability to see the door ahead. Reluctantly, CA-4595 backed up near a support column. She scanned the corridors, waiting for them to empty again. Kylo Ren stood in the Chamber discussing his new apprentice. He concealed the excitement he felt, getting a chance to teach Rey. Supreme Leader Snoke listened carefully, studying the Sith Lord. He finally cleared his throat, abruptly stopping Kylo Ren. "From what you've told me, the scavenger is a threat to the First Order. We must be cautious. Eliminate her," Snoke ordered, coldy. The Supreme Leader made a dismissive gesture, as if the matter was closed. Kylo Ren glared into the withering face of his Master, stepping closer to the giant hologram. "She doesn't know the power of the Dark Side. If she can be turned, we would have an unstoppable ally. It's her destiny to join us." Kylo Ren stated confidently. "The scavenger has resisted you before. If you are unwilling to destroy her, then bring her to me," Snoke snarled, sensing Lord Ren's disobedience. "The Jedi will not be intimidated by a hologram. Allow me to bring her to you in person." Kylo read Snoke's beady eyes. "Tell me, what system are you hiding on? We can continue this conversation face to face." Kylo Ren stated, his words having an unmistakable edge to them. Snoke inhaled, pushing up on his chair and standing in a crooked position. He did not appreciate the allegation that he was hiding. "The Knights of Ren will continue to move my headquarters, until Luke Skywalker is killed. Something you have failed to accomplish." Snoke stated angrily, clenching a fist at Lord Ren. "We've discussed this. If the scavenger is eliminated, Luke Skywalker will not show up to claim her. We will have wasted our best chance to destroy the Jedi Order." Kylo Ren snapped, reminding Snoke. The Supreme Leader let out a low growl, scowling in frustration. "There is a disturbance in the Force. The actions of the Resistance and the deaths of our Knights, have all been obstructed from my sight. The resurgence of the Jedi has clouded everything. Our advantage is neutralized, for the moment. Now is not the time for dissention." Snoke replied sharply. Kylo Ren remained silent, guarding his thoughts. "How can you be sure Luke Skywalker will show himself? And what makes you think the scavenger can be seduced?" Snoke asked bitterly. "I have seen it. Skywalker cannot rebuild the Jedi Order without his apprentice. She is afraid of losing her friends. They're all she's ever wanted." Kylo Ren replied confidently. "Luke Skywalker will fall before my feet. I will use her friends as leverage and bring her to the Dark Side. When she is ready, her power will feed your longevity for another century." Kylo finished, flashing an evil grin. Snoke raised an eyebrow, considering the proposal. "Very well, train the girl," he said in a low, rumbling voice. The Supreme Leader sank back into his chair, exhausted. Kylo Ren watched him carefully. "We should round up more force-sensitives, Master. Perhaps that will restore some clarity," he suggested. Snoke was noticeably weaker with the loss of two Knights. General Hux hurried into the Chamber, realizing Kylo Ren had started without him. He was out of breath, taking a position next to the Sith Lord. "Forgive my tardiness, Supreme Leader. I've received some good news on that subject," he said taking a quick breath. "Our spies on Celus 3 located Maz Kanata." Hux said, desperately seeking approval. Snoke's mouth curled into a sinister smile. "A name I have not heard for a long time," he said, salivating over it. "You could leech years off of Maz Kanata. The Light Side has kept her alive for ages. It's only fitting that she gives her life to extend yours." Kylo Ren said, cutting in. "She may hold crucial intelligence, regarding the Resistance." He added. "A bonus," Snoke replied, darkly. General Hux glared at Kylo Ren before taking a few steps forward. "I can send a team to capture her. She'll be delivered to your new location, within three days," Hux said, taking the initiative. "No." Kylo Ren interrupted. "The Resistance will be striking within the next few days. You must focus your efforts here, preparing the Finalizer for the assault. Maz will see stormtroopers coming before they get close enough to grab her. My apprentice and I can leave now, capturing her in the morning," Kylo Ren boasted. Hux's face turned red, looking up to the Supreme Leader for a decision. "Give me one day. I can have our Star Destroyer fleet within range, ready for battle. The Resistance will walk right into a trap." He sneered. "Collecting Maz Kanata will not be an intrusive operation." Kylo Ren smirked slightly, waiting for Snoke to decide. "Very well, General Hux. Send your team." The Supreme Leader said in a low voice. The General's head swelled, feeling victorious. "How does the General know your current location and I don't?" Kylo asked sharply, shifting his gaze to Snoke. The giant hologram fell silent, avoiding the question. General Hux cleared his throat, stepping in. "The Supreme Leader's location is unsafe to transmit over long range communication." General Hux replied. It wasn't the answer Lord Ren was looking for. Kylo Ren felt his anger boil over. He turned his attention to the sniveling General. "If you fail to capture Maz Kanata, I will hold you responsible," he threatened. Hux glared at him in response, biting his tongue. Snoke wheezed loudly, ending the squabble. "Enough. Let's talk about the Resistance, General." He coughed into his hand. As the two spoke, Kylo Ren felt a disturbance and turned away. His thoughts pulled him towards a familiar obsession. Rey was in danger , he realized. The Sith Lord eyed the Chamber door, his senses burning. "Is there a problem, Lord Ren?" Snoke asked. "No." Kylo Ren replied, rejoining the conversation. He fought the instinct to rush out of the Chamber. "As I was saying, with the increased size of the Resistance fleet, we must make the new Starkiller Base a priority. We have enough Star Destroyers and men to hold off their recent acquisitions, but not for long." General Hux stated, bluntly. "The Starkiller Base is the reason why the Resistance has the support of the galaxy. I warned you this would happen." Kylo said, glaring at the General. "You had to have a bigger Death Star," He added, belittling the plans for a new Base. "Starkiller II can take out every vessel the Resistance has, with one strike. When it does, the Republic will be on its knees. The whole galaxy will be ours." General Hux said, doing his best to overcome Kylo Ren's objections. Kylo's eyes narrowed. "The Dark Side does not need a machine to destroy the Resistance, or a planet." Without another word, the Sith Lord left the Chamber. General Hux watched him leave, then turned to give the Supreme Leader a puzzled look. "See what I mean? Lord Ren isn't making sense these days." Hux complained. Snoke's lips tightened, following Lord Ren's departure. The Supreme Leader leaned back in his chair, a pensive look plastered across his scarred face. The General continued to discuss his plans for the new Base, unimpeded. Rey held the blaster tightly in her hands, pointing it at the lifeless body of CA-4595. Frozen, Rey felt like a stranger had crawled into her skin. It was like a nightmare she couldn't wake from. The female stormtrooper slumped against the wall near the door, her head tilted forward. Blast residue was splattered over her chest. Kylo Ren rushed past the stormtrooper guards. They were on the ground, recovering from stun waves. Entering the room, he found Rey curled in the far corner. Her expression was a mixture of hurt and confusion. She shakily pointed the blaster at him. He had not seen Rey like this since their first meeting in the forest. He remembered her wielding a blaster then, looking just as terrified. She had shot stormtroopers on that day, but this was different. He understood it. With a wave of his hand, Rey lowered her aim. Her brilliant eyes followed the blaster, still in shock. Kylo knelt in front of her. Slowly removing the blaster with one hand, he wrapped her into an embrace with the other. Rey allowed herself to be hugged, as if he was an old friend. Her head found its way under his chin, buried in his chest. She felt safe in his arms. It was comforting for a moment and neither said a word. Then, everything came flooding back to her. She pushed weakly into him, at first with just a hand. "No," she said in a small voice. "Rey?" Kylo asked, refusing to let her go. He tried to read her thoughts but she was blocking him. "Why did this have to happen?" She asked softly, regaining her composure. The feeling was returning to her numb arms. Kylo Ren sighed, struggling to find the explanation. He pulled back a little, so he could stare into her eyes. Rey's expression didn't look broken or lost anymore. Her eyes flickered with anger and she scowled at him. Rey knew the truth and her strength surged. "You treated her like some whore ." Rey yelled, thrusting her hand forward. The Force Push sent Kylo tumbling backward. He rolled twice and slammed into a chair. With a look of shock, he scrambled to his feet. Rey was already standing, posturing to strike again. She was disgusted with him. "You had her dress up as me! You vile…" Rey sent another Push his way. Kylo Ren instinctively redirected it into the ceiling, shaking the room. He cursed inwardly, realizing that defending himself might make things worse. Above them, the lights flickered. He wondered how much Force the ceiling and windows could take. "You called out my name, every time," Rey seethed. She sent a stronger Push at him again. Kylo flew backwards, knocking over a heavy table and colliding with the wall. The remaining chairs smashed into the walls too, falling to pieces. He struggled to get up, feeling a pain in his shoulder. I wish I had my mask right now, he thought. Dazed, Kylo watched as she stalked towards him. The two stormtroopers from outside came staggering in, checking on the noise. The room looked trashed from the melee. "Get out!" Kylo and Rey yelled in unison, causing the stormtroopers to retreat. Rey was quickly on him, soaring through the air with a knee. The impact drove him back into the wall. She followed with combinations of punches and kicks. Her strikes were fast and punishing. Kylo underestimated her ability to fight without a weapon. Just as he thought it, she picked up a chair leg. "She didn't mean anything, Rey! You know how I feel about you." He breathed, blocking her strikes. This didn't seem to help. He blocked a feral swing, twisting her hand so she'd drop the chair leg. Rey spun out of his hold, sending another Force Push upwards into his chest. Kylo hit the ceiling and fell to his hands and knees. He gasped, ears ringing from the assault. "Good. Use your anger," he choked, tasting blood in his mouth. His vision blurred. "Fight back," she demanded, circling him. He didn't respond, slow to get up. She bunched his clothes around his neck, forming a tight ball in her fingers. He strained against her hold. "Will you kill me, too?" He asked, staring up into her sparkling eyes. Rey replied by kicking Kylo in the chest, knocking the wind out of him. He reeled back, trying to catch his breath. He couldn't help but let out shallow laugh, trying to suck oxygen back in. "You wanted this to happen!" Rey accused, glaring down at him. She paced back and forth, frustrated and waiting to pounce again. "No. Not like this." Kylo Ren coughed, struggling to breath. He wiped blood from his lips. "Fight me," she demanded again. He shook his head, refusing. "Embrace your anger," he countered once more, brushing his wild mane out of his face. Rey grabbed his shirt again, lifting him to a standing position. Her face was cold, looking into his eyes. "Go ahead." He said, lips curling in encouragement. Rey grabbed his lightsaber and ignited it. "Finally." Kylo taunted. "Finish this and the galaxy is yours." Rey held the fiery blade next to his face. The heat burned his skin, close to drawing blood. They both locked eyes, entrenched. "Defend yourself, Kylo Ren." She ordered desperately, gritting her teeth. Sweat trickled down her forehead. Rey's entire body shook. "You can do this, Rey." He replied calmly, his expression changing. He looked at her lovingly, accepting his fate. It sent a chill down her spine. Rey's breathing became labored and her look of resolve faltered. She closed her eyes, scrunching her face. Kylo felt the heat of the lightsaber leave his skin. Shaking her head in disbelief, tears formed. Unable to go through with it, Rey switched the lightsaber off. Falling to her knees, she sobbed. Kylo looked down at her and exhaled. He stood quietly, watching her heart breaking in front of him. It struck a nerve. Kneeling, he reached for her. Rey pulled back from his hand, continuing to sob. She hid her face, embarrassed. He gently reached for her again, getting her to look up. Rey caught his expression and saw a genuine look of remorse. She bowed her head again, hiding her flushed cheeks. She wanted to tell him off but was afraid of what her voice might sound like. Kylo sighed deeply. "You'll thank me in the morning." She didn't look up, barely registering his words. Placing a hand near her forehead, he gave a subtle flick with his fingers. Catching Rey in his arms, Kylo held her close again. He carried her over to the bed, setting her down gently. She looked angelic, sleeping peacefully. Her reddened face returned to its normal hue. Kylo watched her expression for a long time, refusing to leave her side. Using the Force, he could feel every breath she took. The sensation was addicting, fueling his desire for her. Notes: No one puts Rey in a corner. Swayze gets a pass! My theory about Snoke is that he's survived the ages by surrounding himself w/ Force-sensitives. Longevity shouldn't be normal for a dark sider, so he leeches off them. I'm also thinking that's why the Knights are MIA. Anyway, I'm finally going to get into the chapters that inspired me to write this story. Geez, It only took thirteen to get there! Thanks for making it this far and for the comments and kudos. The next one should be fun :) Chapter 14 : Shadow (Part I) Summary: Rey reflects on her encounter with the stormtrooper. She fights the pull to the Dark Side as Kylo Ren's influence gets to her. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey sat with her legs crossed, examining the Holocron in her palm. A small droid beeped near the side of her bed, trying to coax her into taking a cold dinner tray. Finally giving in, she reached for the tray. With a sigh, she placed it on the bed next to her. The droid whistled in response, rolling for the exit. "That door is locked." She said, watching the droid bump into it. Closing her eyes, Rey tried to clear her mind. It was tougher than usual, especially being in this room. Her thoughts kept lingering on the night before, replaying the encounter with the jealous stormtrooper. The room was messy from the fight with Kylo Ren. It was clear that he simply pushed all the debris in one corner. But it was the wall near the door, that had her attention. The wall was scuffed with black marks and an indentation; evidence that CA-4595 died there. Fortunately, the body was gone when she woke up. Rey couldn't help but second guess her actions. Could she have stopped the stormtrooper without killing her? The Jedi needed to know for sure. She vividly pictured CA-4595 barging in again, blaster raised. "It is you!" Shouted CA-4595. The stormtrooper's helmet made her voice sound distorted and strained. Rey jumped up from bed, expecting to see Kylo Ren. She was concentrating so hard on the Holocron lessons, that she was startled by the sudden intrusion. "Excuse Me?" Rey asked, her brows snapped together. "You don't deserve him," said the intruder, shaking the gun at Rey. CA-4595 took a step closer, keeping her edge. With a clicking release, the blaster switched from stun to kill. " Lower your weapon and leave ," Rey commanded, raising an eyebrow. To her surprise, CA-4595 didn't comply. Rey's words fell on deaf ears. CA-4595 overheard Lord Ren's instructions and switched off the internal speakers in her helmet. The Jedi's power of influence had an apparent flaw. "He's better off without you," the stormtrooper said coldly. She pulled the trigger, firing two shots. Quick on her feet, Rey rolled and avoided both rounds. The deadly blue streaks narrowly missed the windows behind her. The Jedi sprang forward to defend herself, as the next shot rang out. In a fluid motion, Rey used the Force to hold the third shot in midair. The blue flare vibrated in place, crackling loudly. CA-4595 panicked, looking at her blaster in disbelief. Rey seized the opening, reaching out and Force Pulling the weapon away. The bewildered stormtrooper tugged dearly for her blaster, ending up on the ground. The blaster skidded away, just out of reach. The intruder dove for the weapon but it jumped in the air, landing in Rey's hands. Scrambling to her feet, CA-4595 cursed. She backed up to the wall, considering her options. Relieved, Rey stared into the mask of her attacker. The stormtrooper's thoughts were transparent, even with the helmet on. She hated Rey and envied the Jedi's hold over Kylo Ren. There was something else at the surface too. A longing to be by his side, at any cost. As the Jedi looked deeper, imagery surfaced that made her shudder. Detailed and graphic memories of Kylo Ren burned into Rey's retinas. She could feel Kylo, every bit of him. "Jedi whore," CA-4595 snapped, as if she knew Rey was viewing something intimate. The stormtrooper reached for a tab on her belt, removing a grenade. Rey quickly lashed out with a Force Push. Still hovering in mid-air, the third laser shot was affected by the Push. It redirected, hitting CA-4595 squarely in the chest. With a loud cry, the stormtrooper fell to the ground. The whole room reverberated with the power of Rey's attack. The grenade slipped out of the stormtrooper's palm, unarmed. An odd feeling washed over Rey. She felt stronger in this moment. In a trance-like state, she gave her downed opponent a once over. Grabbing the blaster tightly, she approached her attacker. Rey examined the lifeless stormtrooper's body. "What could he possibly see in you?" She asked rhetorically. "You'll never lay a hand on Kylo Ren again," Rey said bitterly. She raised the blaster at CA-4595's visor. I'll make sure of it, Rey thought darkly. With a finger applying pressure to the trigger, Rey snapped out of her trance. For the first time, she felt possessed by the Dark Side. It was like an infection, consuming every bit of her. The sensation was addicting and her insides churned for more. Rey stumbled backward, putting distance between herself and the stormtrooper. For the first time in a long time, She was afraid . The Jedi curled up in a corner, trying to find herself again. She stayed in the same position, until Kylo Ren came in to embrace her. The Jedi pulled herself to the present, exhaling deeply. She was calmer today, even if she was distracted. She grabbed a thin piece of meat off the cold tray, trying a bite of it. Redirecting the blaster wasn't intentional, she convinced herself. It was that feeling of power that concerned her. She gave into the desire, losing control. These were all things Master Skywalker warned her about. Just as concerning, part of her wanted CA-4595 dead and out of the way. Rey found herself really struggling with that too. The Jedi was sure of one thing—Kylo Ren was dangerous, for reasons beyond the obvious. He was like a shadow, slowly creeping into the light. Rey was determined to escape his grasp. Searching for help, Rey reached out through the Force. "Master Luke." She kept repeating, like a mantra. Kylo Ren sat quietly, getting his wounds patched. He watched over Rey all night, only leaving when he heard the morning shift change. Keeping track of night and day on a Star Destroyer could be a tricky thing, especially in the void of space. As the medical droid added another stitch to his shoulder, Kylo closed his eyes. He concentrated on Rey. She was awake now, sitting on the bed and facing the door. No doubt, she was still upset with him. He sighed. Deep down, he knew that Rey was justified in her actions. She gave him a pretty good beating; unlike his fantasies, this it wasn't fun. All that anger on display and she refused to cross the line. The Jedi stayed in the light, just out of reach. It was frustrating, having her this close, he admitted. Rey was like water, escaping his fingers whenever he tightened his grasp. The medical droid finished stitching the last wound. One of the medical staffers came over to inspect the droid's handy work. "I asked for a lightning bolt," Kylo Ren said with a half smile, unable to see the scar toward the back of his shoulder. "Well, you got one." The medic replied, dryly. Kylo flashed the medic an angry look, before finding a mirror to inspect it. Sure enough, the droid put a lighting bolt on the back of his shoulder. "These droids can't tell when humans are joking," the medic chuckled. The Sith Lord wasn't amused, cursing under his breath. He pulled on a his usual black undershirt, opting to leave the heavier layers off. "Is there anything else you need, Lord Ren?" The medic asked, punching data into his tablet. "Deliver breakfast to my apprentice," Kylo ordered, narrowing his gaze. "Are you kidding? That's not my job." He said with another laugh, not looking up to see the Sith Lord's face. Kylo Ren summoned his lightsaber, igniting it. Startled, the medic fled the infirmary, dropping the tablet. The Sith Lord turned the fiery lightsaber on the medical droid. These droids weren't designed to move fast either , he thought, slicing it into pieces. On the bridge of the Thrive , the Resistance received an incoming transmission. Their best pilot was out flying recon with BB-8. "At least two Star Destroyers are within jump range of the Finalizer . They're hiding on the edge of the Karthurn system. The large amount of moons and asteroids there could be hiding more ships." Poe reported, appearing as a hologram on the table. Leia sighed, staring at the data from Poe and BB-8. From behind her, Luke Skywalker stood alone, meditating. The Jedi Master searched the Force for signs of his apprentice. He sensed Rey's unmistakable energy signature. Her voice was faint, like a whisper. It was clear she was following her lessons, even in the clutches of Kylo Ren. "You were right General, it's definitely a trap." Poe continued. "The moment our cruiser arrives, the reinforcement ships will cut off our escape." The snowy image of the pilot flickered. "At least the engineers we're telling the truth. We've found a way to track the Finalizer ," Finn commented, looking for something positive to add. "We just need a diversion long enough to give Rey a chance to escape." Leia considered the options. Rey was too important to the Jedi Order to abandon. She was too important to the galaxy , she thought. The General wondered how quickly Admiral Ackbar could arrive with the reinforcements. Her advisers spoke quietly, discussing the data around the table. "Hey, I've got an idea that Finn isn't going to like." Poe chimed in, his profile flickering on the table. Finn and the General exchanged looks, as Luke approached them. The Jedi Master joined the discussion, keeping his ears open for Rey. Suddenly, a welcome voice entered his mind. "Master Luke." Rey said clearly. "I need your help." Notes: Part I. This chapter was huge and had a lot going on, so I had to split it up. The confrontation with the stormtrooper needed to get moved to this chapter, to focus on Rey. In TFA, Rey stands up to bullies and always tries to do the right thing. Now, for the first time she's questioning her actions. She's concerned about it enough to ask for help, which she would never do. Part II will be uploaded very quickly. Thanks for your comments, as always. Chapter 15 : Shadow (Part II) Summary: Kylo Ren needs to train Rey to use the Dark Side. She doesn't trust him and wants to escape. Maybe they can sort out their issues in The Tower. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren stood outside Rey's door, holding a shiny gift. He could feel her energy on the other side. He hesitated, trying to think of what to say. After a minute or two, it occurred to him that she probably felt him too; standing there like an idiot. The Sith Lord entered the room, allowing the little droid to escape. Kylo Ren swore he heard Rey speaking to someone. Rey had her eyes on him right away. Her expression was cold; clearly not in the mood to see him. It shouldn't be this difficult to talk to her , he thought. I threaten her all the time . Kylo avoided her icy gaze, at first. "I have something for you," he said quietly. He took a few steps towards Rey, who tensed and backed up like a caged animal. "Here." He said, placing Luke's lightsaber on the edge of her bed. This was against his better judgment . Kylo took a step back, waiting for her to say something. The lightsaber flew into Rey's hand. Holding it again was a relief. For a moment they both locked eyes, trying to read each other. Kylo backed up further, unsure if a lightsaber battle was about to break out. Rey closed their connection, making him concerned. As much as he loved fighting, he didn't want things to escalate here. He wanted Rey to feel safe in her room. Especially, if they were going to be sharing it soon . He thought. "Why?" Rey demanded, keeping her thoughts protected. "I didn't think you were a flowers kind of girl." He said, trying to lighten the mood. Rey's expression didn't change. Kylo cleared the lump in his throat. "You won't need to use your lightsaber. I promise." He said, trying to sound reassuring. "There aren't enemies here; not one's you need to be concerned about anyway." He added, immediately wishing he hadn't. "You have nothing to fear." He said, stumbling slightly. Rey picked up on his slip. Kylo Ren has enemies aboard the Finalizer , she noted. "So, there aren't any more psychotic girlfriends that I should know about?" She asked bluntly. Rey scowled, watching him look down. "No." He mumbled, looking like he wanted to elaborate. CA-4595 wasn't his girlfriend and he didn't have feelings for her. But Kylo knew this wasn't the real issue. He sighed. "Would you like to punch my face in, some more, that is?" He asked, smirking slightly. "That's not funny." She replied, glaring at him. "I'm not trying to be. Let me show you something. Please?" He said, waiting for her to get up. He made a small gesture toward the door, trying to entice her. Today was suppose to be the start of her Sith training and they were already behind. The Jedi didn't move, reading his mind again. "Rey, you won't be disappointed." He said, giving her a nod. The Jedi scowled, picking up her Holocron. She tucked it away into a pocket, her curiosity getting the better of her. Kylo Ren was acting strangely nice and saying words like, "please." It was better than his usual tone, Rey thought. "You've been studying, I take it?" He asked, trying to get her talking. She kept eye contact with him, climbing off the bed. Her lightsaber would stay in her hand at all times around him. Kylo fought the urge to smile, as she bored into his gaze. "You know something? For some reason, the First Order is trying to capture Maz Kanata. Did you ever meet her?" He asked casually, knowing full well this would get a rise out of Rey. The Sith Lord ordered the assault on Maz's castle a year ago, not that she needed to know that. "What!?" Rey asked, clearly upset by the news. She searched his face, trying reading him. "It's not me, Rey, I promise. General Hux sent a team to collect her on Celus 3. I have no idea why, she didn't seem like a threat. I wasn't even sure she was a friend of yours." Kylo lied. "Why are you telling me this?" Rey asked, alarmed by the news. She was standing closer to him now, drawn in. "So that you'll trust me." He said sincerely. Kylo Ren turned, heading for the door. "Please, come with me," he said again, sounding more assertive. Rey followed, her head swimming. The small weight of the Holocron dug into her thigh. I need to warn Master Luke , she thought. The familiar sound of Phasma's walk echoed in the bridge. General Hux left a group of his commanders, to shake her hand. "Congratulations on your promotion." He said, sounding insincere. "I hope this means your not leaving us for your own Star Destroyer?" "No, sir. I prefer it here." Phasma replied. Hux stared into her helmet for a moment, wondering if the comment had a hidden meaning. "Is there something I can assist with, General Hux?" Phasma asked, breaking the silence. "We are preparing for the Resistance assault. Lord Ren believes the attack is eminent." He stated, glancing at the group of huddled commanders. "Since your back, I wonder if you can take charge of the ground units. We need them prepared in case enemy soldiers make it on board." This was essentially Phasma's old job. "Of course, sir." She replied. The General nodded at her, turning to leave. "Sir." Phasma said, stopping him. "I am concerned that the Resistance has captured several of our engineers. It's possible our codes have been compromised." Phasma stated. The comment was loud enough to be overheard by most on the bridge. Hux hurried back to her. "What makes you think that, General Phasma?" He asked in an annoyed, hushed voice. His eyes looked beady and he scowled at the news. "The Resistance was able to track down and capture the command shuttle. They also ambushed Lord Ren and eliminated an entire squadron of stormtroopers." She replied loudly. "I've read the report, General . There are a number of things that don't add up about Lord Ren's version of the events. Like how he got the command shuttle back and captured a Jedi prisoner." He said, in a low voice. "There is an alternate explanation. The Resistance has spies aboard the Finalizer ." She suggested, keeping her usual tone. "I recommend we start multi-level encryption on all communications, throughout the entire Fleet." She said, watching his face turn red. "We're planning a trap for the Resistance!" He said, raising his voice. "We don't have the time to send multi-level encrypted distress calls." He sneered. General Phasma stood silently, watching his expression. "It's my duty to make you aware of such issues," she replied. "When this is over, I expect a detailed report on the training mission. I want to know everything that happened and I expect you to give the report before The Supreme Leader." He said, annoyed. "Dismissed." Phasma left the bridge, heading to the flightdeck. Kylo and Rey walked in silence. Rey was happy to use the opportunity to send an additional message to Luke Skywalker. She kept Kylo Ren in front of her, out of arm's reach. Her hand never left the lightsaber, unwilling to let her guard down. The Sith Lord seemed in rare form, almost excited as they walked. The pair passed through a door, with an unusual black symbol on it. The door opened to a massive empty space, large enough to house a small fleet of TIE fighters. It was at least several decks tall, surrounded by white, sterile panelling. In the middle of the floor was a large circle, made out of a shiny black material. The look of it was in sharp contrast to the rest of the room. Rey guessed its diameter could encompass the Millennium Falcon . Something caught Rey's eye, drawing her closer to the middle. There were slight honeycomb indentations spread across the entire circular shape. She gave Kylo Ren a puzzled look. "Stand back a bit," he said. Nodding his head, the switches on the control panel came to life on the wall. Near Rey's feet, the giant circle made a loud noise; like a mechanical beast awakening. Rey's eyes went round. The giant black circle roared to life. The honeycomb shapes rose individually, forming a synthetic mountain. It was unlike anything she had ever seen; the mountain towered over them both, at least thirty-five feet. Rey was speechless. Without warning, the mountain changed its shape. In sections it fell dramatically, like an avalanche. Simultaneously, other honeycomb pieces rose higher, creating different peaks and altering its structure. Rey had climbed every treacherous peak on Ahch-To, but they paled in comparison. This mountain would kill anyone trying to climb it , she thought. Strangely, the only part that remained unchanged was the very center. The small section in the middle was large enough for maybe to people; it didn't appear to change shape. It raised and lowered some but that was all, she noticed. "The Knights of Ren have a name for it. It's called The Tower ." he said, admiring the look of it. The structure changed again, like an engineered landslide. Kylo looked at Rey, who raised an eyebrow at him. "I know, they aren't great at naming things." He commented, while pointing to the top. "The strongest Knight rules over the center, the small platform in the middle. He is the King. The other combatants fight their way up, trying to take his spot. The goal is to overthrow the King and seize the center. It's the only safe spot," Kylo Ren's eyes lit up, describing it. Rey couldn't believe this monstrosity, watching the mountain change shape again. "It's pretty dangerous, especially for first-timers. It draws entirely on one's ability to use the Force. You have to anticipate the configurations, staying several steps ahead. Not to mention you have actual opponents to deal with. Everyone is trying to eliminate each other." He said. "So, this is a Sith game?" Rey asked, looking up at him. She looked mortified. "Sort of. It's one of many measures to ensure that the strongest Knight, leads the others." He said, trying to entice her. "That seems very unnecessary." Rey scoffed, watching different sets of honeycombs raise and lower at random. "Are there rules?" She asked, watching The Tower form another mountain peak. What a stupid name , she thought. "You eliminate opponents by throwing them off The Tower entirely. Once they touch the white tiling, they are eliminated from competition. Or you can just kill them. That's the quickest. Otherwise, anything goes." Kylo replied, sounding eager. Rey stared at height of the black mountain, taking it all in. It cast a big shadow, darkening the lighter panels around it. "I took over as King, at 15. The older Knights weren't happy about it, as you can imagine." Kylo said, with a laugh. "Have any of the Knights ever knocked you off?" She asked, watching his expression. He shook his head, "No." "Why didn't they work together then?" Rey snorted, realizing how ridiculous that sounded. Kylo let the dig at the Sith go, unchecked. "I'm undefeated, Rey. And no, you're not ready for this." He said, taunting her with a smile. Rey sighed, rolling her eyes at him. "So, you won this stupid game and then led the Knights on a rampage, destroying the Jedi Academy," she stated bitterly. "It's slightly more complicated than that, Rey." He said, raising his voice at her. "You know what, we've been dancing around this subject long enough." Kylo held his hand out and summoned two Z6 batons. Rey ducked as the first one narrowly missed her. She caught the second one, before it could hit her face. "Nice catch. No lightsabers this time, my apprentice. You want some real answers about the night I destroyed the Academy? You can beat them out of me!" He said, sharply. Kylo activated the Z6 handle, spinning the baton with a flick of the wrist. The end of the weapon surged dangerously with an electric current. Rey was caught a little off guard by the sudden change in his tone. Watching him adjust the baton. Without another word, Kylo soared high in the air, landing in the small center. He was clearly comfortable on his perch. Rey looked down at her weapon, realizing she recognized it now. Her vision showed the Knights of Ren, using this weapon against the Jedi Order. It had the ability to deflect lightsabers. "Every time you manage to score a hit and shock me, I'll tell you about the Academy or whatever you want. Who knows, maybe I'll divulge something that will save another pathetic life." Kylo Ren teased, waiting for Rey to make a move. Kylo Ren had managed to hide some big things from her in the past . Maybe this was the chance to get some answers, before she escaped , Rey thought. The Jedi activated the Z6 baton, swinging it around to get a feel. She stopped and made eye contact with him. "What happens when I throw you out of the darkness and into the light?" She yelled, confident in her abilities. The Sith Lord smiled down at her, knowing from the analogy that Rey was up to the challenge. "I'll let you leave. You can return to your precious Resistance." He boomed, locking eyes with her. "I'm serious, Rey," he hissed, taking a defensive posture. Rey feigned a sequence of parries, adjusting to the balance of the weapon. While doing this, she scanned Kylo's mind. He was an open book right now, relishing in the opportunity to overpower her. I can't trust him, even if he appears to be telling the truth, s he thought. Rey stared defiantly at the "King" while tightening her hair. Kylo smirked at her again—a look she was going to wipe off his face. "This time, there's no wookiee to shoot me in the stomach." He yelled over the sound of The Tower changing. The Sith Lord had been looking forward to sharing this experience with Rey. The mountain rose higher, anticipating the entry of a first-time challenger. The Jedi jumped to the first set of honeycombs, looking up at her nemesis. The Tower changed again, creating a staircase to the center. Rey took the opening, dashing from platform to platform. She flipped through the air, landing on a set of rising honeycombs. Kylo Ren backed up, waiting for his apprentice rise to his level. He spun the baton in excitement. I have the high ground . He thought. Notes: Part II. Thanks for feedback, your comments keep me moving. The Z6 baton is used in TFA by stormtrooper TR-8R (FN-2199). He nearly kills Finn with it. The baton is suppose to be used with a shield. Since Finn had a lightsaber, TR-8R tragically ditched the shield (as its not designed to block lightsabers). So, Han Solo shot him easily, saving "The Big Deal". Nerd 4 Life. The Tower is something I'd like to animate one day (It's really a mountain). I hope the description of it will get better in the next chapter. Anyway, I've been hinting at the events of the Jedi Academy for awhile (Ch. 7 & 8) and elsewhere. I wanted to save it for the Tower fight, since Rey is working through personal stuff too - See you next chapter. Chapter 16 : Tower Lessons Summary: Rey fights Kylo Ren for her freedom. In the process, memories about the Jedi Academy massacre surface. Far away, the First Order hunts Maz Kanata. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Maz Kanata limped through the dark corridor, trying to find an escape route. Stormtroopers found her new location on Celus 3 . The armored thugs bullied her clients, refusing to let anyone leave. Adjusting her goggles, Maz headed for the storage area. It was a dead end but the Force was calling her there. Breathing heavily, she looked around the room of crates and supplies. "Air vents." An old familiar voice spoke to her, offering guidance. Maz switched her lenses again, noticing the vents high on the wall. The sound of stormtrooper boots echoed loudly in the next hallway. Those beasts were getting closer. She thought. Maz placed her hands on either side of her head. She concentrated, closing her eyes tightly. Using the Force, she pushed a stack of crates across the floor. They made a loud grinding sound as they slowly slid into place. She knew the stormtroopers would hear the racket. "Follow me," Shouted the stormtrooper commander. His troops headed in the direction of the sound, picking up their pace. The squadron fanned into the large storage room. "Up there." The commander pointed at the open vent. The stormtroopers raised their blasters at the air ducts above. "Come on out, Maz Kanata." The commander shouted, his voice sounding distorted. They listened for any sign of movement. Maz Kanata froze, not wanting to make a sound. The ducts were dark and made it difficult to navigate. The commander gave a nod to his nearest stormtrooper. Gun at the ready, the stormtrooper fired into the vent above. The thin metal peeled open. Sparks blanketed the ground. "Our orders were to bring you in alive, Maz Kanata." The commander shouted, agitated. "Truthfully, we can go either way." He said, waiting. When she didn't respond, he gave another nod to his gunner. Another shot rang out, bringing a section of the vents tumbling down. The metallic vent hit the floor with a hollow, reverberating thud. Dust flew everywhere. Maz Kanata held her position, closing her eyes. The newly freed particles tickled her nostrils. She fought the urge to sneeze. "You don't know how many men we lost, destroying that old watering hole of yours." He said, pointing to a different section of the vents. "Give up now." He ordered. The stormtrooper guarding the exit screamed loudly. A large hairy paw slashed across his helmet. With a loud roar, the stormtrooper was thrown into a nearby shelf. The squadron turned quickly to see a large silhouette pointing a bowcaster at them. An old man in a robes appeared from behind the wookiee. He had a metallic hand raised. Kylo Ren lurked atop the king's platform; the only safe place on The Tower . From there, he surveyed every level of the mountain-like structure. He smiled devilishly, watching Rey's ascent. The Jedi maneuvered between ledges, climbing onto a rising honeycomb. She crouched in a defensive stance, as the platform lifted her higher. Rey focused intently on Kylo Ren. The platform lifting her stopped suddenly, one level shy of the top. Kylo shook his head at her and stepped back. Arrogantly, he raised both arms, indicating he was giving her space to join him. Eager for the opportunity, Rey jumped forward. She soared high, flipping in the air. Kylo slid quickly underneath her. Raising his baton he struck. The electrified end grazed along the length of her spine. Rey cried out, collapsing on the platform. Her muscles seized from the current. "I can teach you a thing or two, my padawan." He said, looking down at her. Rey grimaced, twisting on her back. Kylo strolled around Rey casually. He allowed her to recover. In a daze, Rey's arms and legs felt like putty. Blurry eyed, she saw two of everything; including Kylo Ren. "Get up, Rey." He said, taunting her. Kylo nudged her foot, trying to get a rise out of her. "I've waited too long for this moment. We're not done yet." His eyes darkened, taking in her figure. Rey's breathing steadied, feeling the strength return to her arms. She closed her eyes tightly. The dizzy feeling quickly subsided. Kylo swung the baton down like an axe, intentionally missing the side of her head. The electricity buzzed Rey's ears, the sound acting like a wake up call. Her vision sharpened, focusing on dark figure in front of her. The Sith Lord raised the baton again, aiming for her head this time. Rey rolled to avoid the second strike. Reaching for her baton, she rolled again. The Jedi blocked the third attack. Both batons sparked, grinding into each other. "That's better." He said, admiring her face. Flashes of blue and white reflected in her stare. Using his leverage, Kylo increased the pressure. Rey winced in response, fiercely pushing against him. Lifting her leg, Rey kicked Kylo in the knee. The Sith Lord stumbled forward. He grunted loudly, leaving an opening. She sharply jabbed her baton into his thigh. Kylo fell to one knee, cursing. His leg cramped painfully. Rey was on him immediately, taking his back. She swung the baton around his neck, choking him. Her legs wrapped around his waist, locking in place. Rey hoped to end the fight here. The Sith Lord laughed, feeling her weight on his back. Rey pulled the baton deeper into his neck, fighting to remain on top. Kylo placed his hand over hers, relishing their contact. "I could get used to this," he said, gasping. He yanked on the baton, straining for relief. The sound of Rey's breathing was hot in his ear, driving him wild. "So what would you like to know?" He choked, fighting to stay conscious. "Why did you kill your father?" She hissed into his ear, catching him off guard. Kylo's glassy eyes narrowed at the question. He placed both hands on the deck below them. Surging with energy, he sent a shockwave into the ground. The Force propelled both knights in the air. Rey lost her hold on him, falling down to the second level. She landed hard, catching herself on the ledge. In pain, the Jedi looked down at the lower levels. The mountain below changed its configuration wildly. It looked like a grinding mess . Her left wrist felt sprained. She scrambled to safety, pulling herself up with the right. Kylo Ren landed in a crouched position on the king's platform. He leered at Rey, watching her struggle below. "I had no choice, Rey." He yelled hoarsely, rubbing his raw neck. "I had to kill him," he said, straining his voice. Rey rose to her feet, staring at him coldly. "Make me understand," she said, trying to buy time. The Jedi clamped her right hand over her damaged wrist, concentrating on healing. She left the baton lying next to her feet, unable to hold the weapon at the same time. "I had to finish my training. I needed to unlock powers abandoned by the Jedi long ago." He said, meeting her icy stare. "Snoke never trusted me after the Jedi Academy. Not completely." Kylo admitted. Rey gave him a puzzled look. What powers? she wondered. Shaking her head, she addressed his second claim. "No, I don't believe you. I saw you with the Knights of Ren. You were standing over bodies of lifeless Jedi." She felt the flexibility returning to her wrist, as she spoke. "I wasn't at my full potential. Snoke kept it that way, until I proved myself. It's his way of controlling us." He said, sounding agitated. Kylo paused briefly and smirked. "It was his way of controlling me." He corrected. Rey searched his thoughts, sensing there was more. Kylo cleared his throat, "Killing Luke seemed like the only option to earn his trust...until Han Solo got involved." His words were sobering, washing over her. The moment Han Solo helped the Resistance, he had a target on his back. She and Finn convinced him to return. Rey felt guilty, looking away. "I don't suppose you and that traitor had anything to do with that?" He asked, sounding bitter. "It should have been Luke. Especially after all the aggravation he's caused me." Kylo said, standing upright. "Your uncle, you mean." She corrected, sounding annoyed. "That's suppose to make it alright?" She asked, flexing her fingers. Kylo jumped down to her level, causing her to move back in surprise. "He kept us apart!" Kylo yelled at her. "Why wouldn't Snoke trust you after the Jedi Massacre?" Rey asked, eyeing the baton on the ground. He noticed the baton as well. The Sith Lord summoned Rey's baton to his hand, inspecting it. She reached for it too, a second late. "You have to beat the answers out of me, Rey." He said quietly, giving her a look that made her uneasy. "I love your accent—have I ever told you that?" He admitted. Rey stiffened, watching him approach. "How's the wrist?" He asked, sounding concerned. Kylo lowered his eyes, checking her hand. "Who are you pretending to be right now?" she blurted out, stepping back. He was acting like an overprotective boyfriend. Rey's heel felt the edge of the steep drop-off. She knew it was a long way down . Kylo held her baton out with both hands, presenting it to her. She pulled it away with the Force. Keeping distance between them, Rey activated the baton. "Don't smile at me." She warned, ready to defend herself. "We'll stop for the day. You've had enough," he said, hoping to provoke her. He turned to face the control console, raising his hand. "We're not done yet." She yelled, mocking his tone. With a sharp lunge, Rey tagged his outstretched hand. The Sith Lord stumbled back, feeling the jolt climb his arm. "You must enjoy pain as much as I do," he said, laughing. His right hand seized, stuck in a claw like position. Kylo switched his stance, twirling the baton in his left hand. The knights dueled each other. Cracks of electricity countered with every thrust and parry. Rey circled Kylo, looking for an opening. She sized him up, knowing her opponent too well. Kylo clenched his right fist, trying to get the feeling back. "I guess that's another point for you." He snarled. The platform beneath them rumbled, splitting in the middle. The opening abruptly separated the pair. Frustrated, both knights waited for the mountain to settle. Kylo's platform rotated to the right, remaining on the same level. He kept his eyes on Rey, watching her descend quickly. Rey's platform came to an abrupt stop, nearly throwing her off. Honeycombs around her sprang toward the ceiling. They trapped her in a chasm, leaving only one exit. How fortunate , he thought, smirking. Kylo shook his arm, trying to restore feeling to his hand. He enjoyed the look on Rey's face, blocking her only exit. Rey's eyes widened, feeling claustrophobic. She had no escape but to go forward, jumping to Kylo's level. That didn't go so well last time , she thought. Her nemesis stood directly on the ledge. He wasn't about to let her escape. Kylo flexed his right hand. Swiping the baton into the ground near his feet, sparks rained down on Rey. "I killed two Knights of Ren that rainy evening," he growled at her. "I also saved your life. But Snoke couldn't prove that part." His voice echoed into the walls around her. Rey gave her surroundings a once over, reaching out with the Force. She felt the vibration of the walls, trying to sense if they would change in her favor. "Why kill your own Knights? Did you run out of Jedi to slay?" She yelled back at him. Kylo narrowed his eyes in response, backing up to give her room again. "Pretty sure of yourself, aren't you Jedi? So confident for someone with no memory of her childhood." He commented. Rey held her ground this time, glaring at him. He yelled impatiently down to her, "So you learned your lesson? There's more I can teach you." Grinning wickedly he continued, "this is just the beginning." His dark eyes burned into her brighter ones. Rey pressed her back firmly into the wall behind her. "How many times have you wanted to push me up against one of these columns?" Rey asked, raising an eyebrow. Kylo's expression changed, his smirk fading. "Don't give me ideas," he said, in a low voice. His eyes roamed over her. "Tease." He muttered. She flashed him a small smile. "Who's teasing?" Rey asked innocently. The Jedi powered down her weapon, letting it fall to the ground. Overcome with desire, Kylo jumped down to her level. He closed the distance and reached for her waist. Rey closed her eyes, sensing the wall behind her shift. The columns around her fell suddenly, creating a cliff. Rey grabbed Kylo's shoulders, stopping him abruptly. Using her foot as leverage, Rey fell to her back. She flipped him over her smaller frame. The Sith Lord landed on the level beneath her, barely grabbing the edge. Holding on with one hand, he cursed. "Clever." He said, bitterly. Pulling himself up, he locked eyes with Rey. She coldly watched him from the peak above. So close , she thought. Rey sought to put an end to this madness. She wanted off the Finalizer and needed to be away from him. The mountain shifted its configuration again, lifting Rey further from Kylo Ren. The Jedi made her way downward, jumping between openings as they formed. She lost sight of him and became cautious with her movements. Creeping slowly she sensed him near. A shadow passed over her. Rey spun around, raising the baton to defend. Kylo dropped down on her. Both weapons sparked loudly, locked together. Pushing into her, Kylo increased his leverage. "That won't work again, my padawan." He warned, his voice shaking. He should have known better. Kylo scowled at her. "Of course it will, my love ," she said, getting under his skin. Kylo broke the stalemate, swinging the baton wickedly. Rey ducked, avoiding the first swing. In a blink, she flipped over the Sith Lord to avoid his second swing. His baton bounced of the honeycombs, buzzing loudly. Such a nuisance, just like fighting her in the maze. He thought, watching her run along the sides of the walls. Rey's acrobatics were a distinct advantage. Sick of chasing her, Kylo stepped on a rising honeycomb. It carried him to a better vantage point, but he couldn't see Rey. "Where are you?" He growled. The Sith Lord scanned the moving sections near him, trying to catch a glimpse of her. He could sense Rey's presence everywhere. A section behind him dropped, allowing her to surprise Kylo Ren. Kylo spun around, barely deflecting her Force Push. Rey stepped closer, increasing the magnitude of it. Fighting to keep his balance, Kylo dropped his baton. Taking advantage, Rey followed with a quick lunge, scoring a direct hit to his midsection. The sound of the baton erupted like thunder. The force of the strike sent Kylo off the ledge and out of sight. Wide eyed, Rey exhaled, catching her breath. The mountain fell silent. It was over. She won. Rey thought, furrowing her brow. A strange feeling crept over her. She couldn't feel their connection. Notes: Dang. More to come. I hate to end it there but I'm not sure how people feel about 4,200 word chapters. Maz Kanata never got to show off her power in TFA; that would have been nice to see. Thanks for reading and thanks for your comments. Chapter 17 : The Tower Falls Summary: The Light and Dark fight for control of Kylo Ren and Rey. The ongoing struggle leads to something we've been waiting to see. Their connection is stronger now but will it consume them? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn knelt on the flight deck of the Thrive . He was taking stock of stormtrooper uniforms. The Resistance collected every piece of armor they could salvage from Kylo Ren's assault. Finn struggled to get enough good pieces for two complete uniforms. Most of the white armor sustained damage when Luke, Finn and Chewy stormed the ship. Poe Dameron leaned against a crate near Finn, eating his rations from a small bowl. The pilot had just returned from a scouting mission and pitched a daring plan. A handful of Resistance fighters would disguise themselves as stormtroopers, to sneak aboard the Finalizer. Creating a diversion, they could cripple the flagship and ensure Rey's escape. There was one big hurdle they would have to overcome for it to work. "Looks like it's just going to be the two of us." Poe stated, setting the bowl on the crate. He walked up to Finn, who was still crouched. Eying both stormtrooper uniforms, he hoped the armor wasn't sweaty. Finn stood up holding a stormtrooper helmet. He swore he'd never put one of these on again. But for Rey, he'd do it. "Are you sure you can still fit into one of these uniforms?" Poe asked, catching Finn's attention. "You know what I mean," he said, while making a face and flexing his muscles. General Leia's new assistant walked by them and giggled. "Will you knock that off." Finn said, shoving his best friend in the shoulder. Poe laughed, backing away. Finn had been working out a lot, since meeting Rey. "Look at it this way," Poe said, taking the helmet from Finn. The pilot shoved the helmet on his own head. "This time when you show up, she'll have to kiss you." The pilot's voice was amplified by the helmet's speaker and boomed throughout the docking bay. Finn looked around wondering if anyone else overheard Poe. "Oh, Come on," he yelled, shoving him again. The pilot yanked the helmet off, grossed out by how slimy it was. "Fine. She can kiss me instead," he jabbed at Finn. Luke stood on Celus 3 , next to Artoo. The trusty droid beeped at him, ready to transmit a message to the Resistance. "Leia." Luke said, waiting for his sister to reply. "Yes, I'm here," she said, sitting on the bridge of the Thrive . Luke's holographic form appeared on the table in front of her. She smiled at the miniature version of her brother. "We're all clear here, Leia. Chewy's with Maz Kanata and we have captured about a dozen stormtroopers." He said, sounding more optimistic than usual. "Captured?" Leia asked, furrowing her brow. She wondered what her brother planned to do with those prisoners. "Yes. I'm wondering if you can send Poe and Finn our way—along with an extra pilot?" Luke asked, checking on the stormtroopers next to him. They were sitting on the ground, restrained. Maz Kanata came into his view, holding a sharpened stick. She poked each trooper with it, causing them to wince. Chewy towered over Maz, watching her and nodding each time she jabbed a stormtrooper. Luke turned away to keep from laughing. "Of course, Luke. What's going on?" Leia asked, looking for her new assistant. As usual, she wasn't anywhere to be found. "I think I solved that little issue we had with Poe's plan." Luke replied, looking up. A brand new First Order shuttle was docked in front of him. The stormtroopers were tied up at the moment and wouldn't mind if Luke borrowed it. Rey slowly walked to the ledge where Kylo Ren once was. Her heart pounded uncontrollably. Looking out, she couldn't see any sign of him. Their connection was eerily quiet. Rey bit her lip, fighting a sickening feeling in the pit of her stomach. She should feel relieved , she considered, powering down the Z6 baton. If it was over, she was free to escape. The mountain shifted suddenly, changing configuration again. Rey wondered if Kylo's body was getting crushed by the bulky pieces. Moving quickly, Rey maneuvered to the king's platform. Taking the best vantage point possible, she scanned every level for Kylo Ren. The Jedi spotted a dark figure, motionless, on the black tiles. He had fallen to the very bottom. Kylo Ren was on his back, on the last ring of honeycombs. He lay just a few feet away from the white boundary. A few feet from victory . She realized. Rey's eyes widened, fearing the worst. She had a lump in her throat, straining to see if Kylo was breathing. After everything he had done to her, she struggled to understand why she felt this way. The Sith Lord sat up from the waist, coughing deeply. Kylo grimaced, grabbing his ribs in agony. He tried to get up but the pain forced him back down. His head rested on the cold honeycomb tiles. Every breath was a struggle. Rey lept down from ledge to ledge, hurrying to him. She wasn't sure what to do when she got there. Part of her wanted to drag him a few feet and toss him on the white boundary. The Jedi moved so quickly, it felt like a breeze was passing through her hair. She never took her eyes off him. Kylo Ren looked defeated. He managed to get himself upright on his knees, keeping his head lowered. His jet black hair draped forward, covering his eyes. Almost in a meditative pose, the Sith Lord focused on the pain, harnessing it. I can use this , he repeated. With a light thud, Rey landed at the very bottom. The Tower stood tall behind her back. It's over, she thought, exhaling. Her feelings towards him turned cold again. He's still dangerous , she reminded herself. Rey reactivated the Z6 baton, prepared to use it once more. Although Kylo didn't have his baton, he was still armed with a lightsaber. Kylo slicked his dark locks backward, revealing an exhausted face. He watched Rey's careful approach. The Jedi had the same look she had, standing victorious over him on Starkiller base. Rey pointed the sparking baton at him. "Yield." She said sternly, flashing her eyes at him. When he didn't respond, she glared at him. "This has cost us enough," Rey said through their Force connection, feeling it simmering again. She wouldn't admit it, but it was good to feel the warmth of the connection. The Sith Lord rested his eyes for a second, opening them slowly. His expression remained neutral. Kylo emptied his mind, so she couldn't pry. "Yield!" Rey commanded, taking a step closer with the baton. Kylo reached violently for Rey, unleashing the Force. The Push sent her high in air, flying toward the Tower . She hit the side of the cliff, getting pinned instantly. The sudden ferocity of the attack took her by surprise. Keeping his hand raised, Kylo slowly rose to his feet. The power of his Force Push held her firmly in place. "No." She cried in disbelief. Rey struggled to move against the cliff. Her legs dangled precariously, having nothing to rest on. Her eyes bulged, fighting a helpless feeling. How is this possible ? she asked herself, trying to get free. Kylo gave a slight nod to the control panel, freezing any changes to The Tower . The mountain became dormant, locking in its current formation. Wouldn't want you getting away. He thought, channeling his own pain. He walked under her with a noticeable limp. Kylo glared at Rey, searching her thoughts. "Yield wasn't one of the win conditions," he said, wincing. The Sith Lord sounded disappointed. Rey pushed her head forward, looking at her surroundings. She fought against Kylo's hold, trying to figure out a way down. Would he actually kill me like this? She wondered, as beads of sweat raced down the sides of her face. "I suppose that's another point for you," he grimaced, looking at his tattered shirt. His ribcage hurt with every breath. He laughed, savoring the sharpness of it. "We should do this again, soon." He said, giving her a slight smile. Rey growled at him, cursing herself for not finishing this when she had the chance. How could I ever worry about this monster? She asked herself. Trying a different tactic, Rey focused intently on loosening one hand. "Stop struggling Rey. It only makes things worse." He said using their Force connection. Kylo hoped she'd realize this applied to much more than her current predicament. It was pointless for her to resist him , he thought. He knew what their future held . "As long as you're just floating there..." He said aloud, keeping the Force applied. The Sith Lord admired her from this view, pacing underneath her. "The Jedi Academy was not one of my finer moments," he admitted, watching her squirm. "When Snoke gave me control of the Knights, I told him I wanted to reunite the Sith and Jedi." He said, gripping his side and wincing. "Why are you telling me this?" She asked, straining. Kylo narrowed his gaze, ignoring the question. "That's how things were long ago. And I had reason to believe it could work again." He said, locking eyes with her. He loved how helpless and frustrated she looked . He lost his train of thought. She was right about one thing; he always wanted to pin her against the Tower. "Where was I?" He asked, smirking. Rey felt her chest tighten as her eyes watered from the building pressure. "You're delusional." She said, gritting her teeth. The Jedi bit her bottom lip, suppressing a scream. "Balance to the Force. The Jedi and the Sith ruling side by side." Reaching out with his hand, he lowered Rey on the mountain, bringing her closer to his eye line. The pressure eased on her small frame, but she still couldn't move. "You and I together, responsible for the balance. Does that sound so unreasonable?" He continued, admiring her beauty. Kylo took a few steps closer. Rey looked away, moaning in frustration. "I knew something Snoke didn't—I figured out who you were. Maybe he thought I was just a foolish boy. That he could use me to conquer the galaxy and cast me aside afterward." Kylo said, considering his father's last words. He looked away, reflecting, "Maybe Han Solo was right." Rey's eyes opened wide, hearing Han's name. It brought back the terrible events on Starkiller Base and Kylo's betrayal. She wanted to throttle Kylo Ren but she couldn't break free. She groaned, fighting his hold. "In either case, I led the Knights of Ren to deliver a proposal." he said, getting closer to her. Rey's face turned red as he approached. "You mean an ultimatum." she corrected, her voice strained. She glared at him, hovering at his eye level. "Join us or die." Rey said, skipping ahead and mocking his tone. Kylo looked away from Rey, his feelings boiling over. He punched the cliff next to her in anger, igniting the pain in his sides. "They turned against me. The Knights of Ren. My Knights ." He shouted, bitterly. His voice echoed throughout The Tower . Rey's eyes narrowed. She peered into Kylo's mind unimpeded, hoping to watch every detail of his memory. His recollection was a dark fog at first, becoming clearer the deeper she traveled. She saw Ben Solo falling. The Knights of Ren shoved him out of the shuttle, onto the surface below. "You're sitting this one out, little knight." Yelled a deep voice. Rey realized that the Knights of Ren used teamwork after all. Ben Solo cursed, springing to his feet as the shuttle flew away. He was covered in dirt from the landing. The lanky teenager pulled off his mask, yelling at the shuttle. He was alone in the small forest clearing, stranded on the moon closest to the Jedi Academy. Igniting his lightsaber in frustration, Ben shouted into the sky again. Rey felt his frustration. Ben's anger gave him strength. For the first time, she understood the appeal of this power. The surge of dark energy was seductive. It was like giving a fifteen year old the keys to the Millennium Falcon, she reasoned. The trees surrounding the clearing rustled with movement. Stormtroopers from all sides passed through the foliage with blasters drawn. The commander of the squad held his fist high in the air, signaling for the others to stop. "Ben Solo. Surrender now and you won't be harmed. The Knights of Ren will collect you once they have completed their objectives." The commander shouted. The teenager shifted his gaze, observing the stormtroopers around him. Rey watched, as a wide-eyed observer. This can't end well . She thought, feeling the darkness building in Ben. Ben's breathing became ragged, shaking violently with rage. "My name is Kylo Ren," he growled in response. The stormtroopers advanced on him, sealing their fate. Kylo Ren lashed out at the commander, removing the stormtrooper's head with a swipe of crimson. The helmet fell with a loud thud, kicking up dirt. The body stumbled at first, dropping next to the head. Rey covered her mouth, gasping. She exited the memory abruptly, feeling violated by what she witnessed. Staring closely at the scarred face of Kylo Ren, she noticed how different he looked now. "A coup," Kylo hissed in her ear. "Perhaps Snoke did not believe my plan would work. Or maybe the twins acted alone." He said, making a fist. "I could never be certain..." He added, looking deeply into her eyes. All of the sudden, Luke's accounts of the Jedi massacre made sense. Rey considered the events as her Master explained them. Luke went off world to find Kylo Ren. The Jedi Master found only a pile of dead stormtroopers. He thought his former student had tricked him—now it looked like Ben was merely bait. There was something else. The twins, she thought. She remembered them. The realization splashed across her face. Memories of the Jedi massacre had been locked away, out of her reach. "I fought my way off that wretched moon and came for you. Just in time, too. One of the twins started on the younglings first." He said, sounding a little desperate. "This doesn't sound familiar at all, Rey?" He asked, impatiently. Kylo let his guard drop, inching closer to her. She didn't respond to the question. Rey's stare went past him, lost in a discovered memory. Wearing heavy black armor, a giant stormed into the courtyard of the Jedi Temple. The younglings were waiting for Master Skywalker to return. The shadow of the Knight frightened them. Without a word, the lumbering monster began attacking the younglings. Little Rey cried out, "Ben!" She screamed, sensing his presence near. She backed away from the slaughter, feeling trapped. She hoped her friend would hear her call and come to help. A familiar voice called in the distance. "Rey." Kylo Ren shouted, trying to get her attention. Her face was vacant. "Rey!" The Sith Lord yelled again. The Jedi blinked, finally realizing she was on The Tower . She felt Kylo's hold on her loosening. Rey wiggled her hand free. She made a gesture at the control panel, throwing the nearest switch. The Tower surged to life, making Kylo stumble. The cliff behind Rey lowered, giving her a chance to reach for a ledge. Before Kylo could grab her again, Rey scurried over the cliff. The Sith Lord cursed, losing sight of Rey. With a swipe of his hand, he ripped a dozen honeycombs out of the floor. Tremors surged across the mountain, as a result. The giant columns floated high in the air, reflecting in the lights above. With a wave of his hand, the columns hurled like javelins across the room. "Come back!" Kylo yelled at her. The gears driving the Tower seized up, shaking the entire room. Rey climbed for the only safe spot; the king's platform. She sensed the mountain losing its integrity. Kylo stretched his arm out, summoning the crossguard saber from his belt. He ignited it, swinging it into the nearest rising obstructions. Rey watched as sections of The Tower fell, like trees in the forest. The whole structure wobbled unstably, weakening with each swing. The sounds of honeycombs falling was deafening. Kylo didn't seem to mind he was breaking his favorite toy . Rey struggled to remain on the platform. A fall from here would be lethal , she realized. "Enough. Kylo Ren, come here and face me." Rey said using their Force connection. She gave him a clear image of her location. Kylo soared like a black bird, landing on a lone honeycomb spire. He stood imposingly, glaring at Rey. They were separated by a single leap. Kylo's fiery lightsaber bathed his face with a red hue. The Jedi threw the Z6 Baton away, reaching for her lightsaber. "Are you trying to kill me?" Rey asked, her features illuminated by a blue glow. She was unsure how much longer the Tower would hold. Kylo was always reckless, she thought. Another tremor hit causing Kylo and the lone spire to tilt forward. With a rattling thud, the spire nestled against the king's platform. The Sith Lord stepped easily off it, reuniting with Rey. "I want you to stay." He confessed, favoring his side. His darker eyes burned into hers. Rey fell silent, scrunching her face in confusion. His honesty caught her off guard. She didn't have a response. Did he know she was speaking with Luke? Rey wondered, reading him carefully. "Do not take me for a fool. Everyone that does, lives only to regret it." He warned. Kylo crouched into a familiar stance, ready to duel. Rey shook her head slightly, getting into her defensive form. Without another word, flashes of red and blue collided on the shaky mountain. "Tell me about the twins," she huffed, countering a strike. Kylo swung over her head, causing her to duck away. "They were Snoke's oldest. They were jealous." He said returning her parry. "They turned on me and led the initial assault." Kylo backed Rey to the ledge, locking their lightsabers. Using his height, he leaned into her. "But you saved me." She said, holding her lightsaber steady. "You killed one of the twins right in front of me." She shouted, spinning away from the stalemate. "I killed them both." He snarled, closing the distance again. "I took the Knights of Ren back. I made sure this wouldn't happen again." The duo traded strikes, their contrasting styles battling for domination. The heat from the lightsabers mirrored their own intensity for battling one another. "You told me to hide." She realized. Kylo's narrow gaze widened in surprise and he backed away from her. He held his lightsaber defensively, peering into her mind. "Yes." He said, suddenly reeling from the pain in his ribs. "I did as you asked. But I didn't stay hidden for long." She said over the hum of the lightsaber. "You said you defeated the other twin...but there were still Jedi alive. I felt them." Rey said, searching his eyes. "I put an end to the Jedi slaughter, giving a few the chance to survive." He said, wincing. "The survivors should have taken my offer." He continued, raising his lightsaber in defense. Rey closed the distance, striking at him. "You killed our brothers and sisters," she said, lashing out. "Unworthy." He snarled, blocking her feral strikes. "Keep your form, Rey." He ordered. She swung wildly and Kylo grabbed her wrist holding it in place. He cursed, knowing that the pain was no longer an advantage. "What did I just say?" He yelled, pushing her backward and releasing her wrist. Rey continued her assault, pounding against his lightsaber. Kylo growled in pain, losing his strength. He struggled to counter her strikes. Rey was relentless. Kylo suffered a glancing blow on his arm, gripping it tightly he backed away. She rushed forward with a thrust. He deflected Rey's strike with a weakened Force Push. The platform underneath them began to give way. The knights slid apart, trying to catch their footing. The mountain rumbled and roared. Shaking again, it sank into the floor. "Only one of us has to die." He said, looking deeply at her. Everything slowed down for Rey and his words didn't register. The tower listed dangerously. Kylo grabbed Rey, pulling her close. He had made the decision for them both. He'd shield her, no matter what. Wide eyed, Rey realized Kylo would sacrifice himself to save her. Locked in an embrace, the knights fell. Rey reached out with the Force, trying to slow their descent. She tried to communicate with Kylo, twisting their bodies as they fell. Kylo realized what Rey was doing. He stretched out his free hand, helping her. The ground floor approached fast as the pair worked together. With a sharp tug, the knights reversed their descent. The Force acted like a parachute, stalling their fall. Kylo reeled Rey in, shielding her at the last moment. Rey collapsed on Kylo, landing on the white tiles. The sound they made was drowned out by the destruction of the Tower. Behind them, the mountain disappeared into the depths of the Finalizer . The entire ship rocked violently. Distant alarms sounded faintly in nearby corridors. The crew on the Finalizer ran everywhere, trying to assess the damage. In the Tower room, the tremors died away. Rey and Kylo were still for a moment. Rey had her head on his chest, feeling his heartbeat. Kylo exhaled, pulling her into an embrace. She didn't fight him, enjoying the contact. "If I had stayed..." He began quietly, pausing to take a deep breath. Rey opened her eyes, waiting for him to continue. "If I finished my training as a Jedi. They wouldn't have let us be together, Rey." He said quietly, rubbing her shoulder blades. Rey hid a small smile in his chest. She pulled back, sitting up to look at him. Rey was straddling his lap, without realizing it. He noticed and leaned forward, trying to sit up. Kylo wrapped a hand around her back, pulling himself to her eye level. Rey searched his dark gaze. She swallowed the lump in her throat. "I couldn't live like that. Being close to you and never being able to..." Kylo's voice died. He looked heartbroken. Rey leaned forward and nuzzled her head in his neck. She held him tightly, clearing her mind of doubt. Reaching forward, Kylo ran his thumb gently along her jawline. His fingers cradled her neck. Rey parted her lips, inhaling expectantly. She kept her eyes shut, responding to his touch. Kylo captured her lips. The kiss was surprisingly gentle at first. She moaned softly in his mouth, urging him further. He pushed his hands to her waist. Rey adjusted her hips in response, wrapping herself around him. Tangling her fingers in his hair, the kiss deepened. She eagerly accepted his tongue, losing herself. Rey felt their connection burning. She pulled away hesitantly, as he sucked on her bottom lip. She felt his hardness and knew where things were leading. Her cheeks were on fire. Placing both hands on Kylo's chest, she caught her breath. He watched her closely, resisting the urge to grab her. It might scare her away. He told himself. She won't be able to resist next time. Things had changed . She admitted, resting her head on his shoulder. Rey wasn't entirely sure what that meant. Her fingers ran along his upper arms, feeling his lean muscles. He took the hint and wrapped an arm around her. "What happens when it's a tie?" She asked softly. Notes: Thanks for reading! Thanks for your comments, as always. I struggled with splitting this chapter from the last one; still unsure if that was the right call. I have a problem with anything that ends in a draw. I'm guessing a few readers may realize it didn't end that way. Strangely, this chapter falls really close to Valentine's Day - go figure. If you've ever written in "Jedi" as your religion on a form, then like me, you don't care about such holidays. Chewy and Maz have to have the biggest height diff of any couple in the galaxy, right? Assuming Chewy got a divorce. Yeah that's right, a reference to that awful holiday special. Anyway - fun, dark stuff ahead. Chapter 18 : The Calm Before Summary: Rey and Kylo are keeping secrets from each other. The Jedi Knight wants to escape, but can't bring herself to leave her captor. Kylo Ren becomes impatient and pushes their relationship to the next level. The Resistance spots an opening to rescue Rey and plans to exploit it. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Smoke billowed from the pit where the Tower once stood. Voices could be heard shouting from the opening, several decks down. Warning lights flashed and alarms tripped throughout the ship. There were two knights aboard the Finalizer, that didn't seem to mind the alarms. Holding each other, the pair blocked everything else out. Rey helped Kylo Ren to his feet. She worried about his injuries, making him take it slow. Any discomfort he felt was pushed to the back of his mind. Kylo's intense stare burned into Rey's eyes. She tried to hold his gaze but couldn't. Her cheeks blushed and she looked away, feeling embarrassed. The two had said very little since sharing their first kiss. Maybe that was for the best , Rey thought, struggling to find her voice. Kylo noticed the glint of Rey's lightsaber on the ground near them. He summoned it to his hand, offering it to her. She wrapped her fingers around the hilt and couldn't help but smile. Rey pulled the lightsaber away, feeling Kylo's touch lingering on her hand. Nervously, she let out a small laugh. Her eyes travelled downward, focusing on their intertwined fingers. A soft touch on her chin and bottom lip, coaxed Rey to look up at him. She parted her lips again, as he leaned down to meet her. The whooshing sound of the doors sliding open stopped their kiss. Commander Mitaka and General Phasma entered the Tower training room. The two stopped dead in their tracks upon seeing Kylo Ren and Rey. The Sith Lord held his apprentice in a close, intimate embrace. Mitaka averted his gaze, realizing they were interrupting the dangerous couple. Seething, Kylo Ren glared at the intruders. One of them was going to die . Kylo thought, his blood boiling. He stretched his right hand toward Commander Mitaka. Before the stubby officer could say his apologies, he felt his eyes being pulled from their sockets. "No, stop." Rey said quietly, sliding her hand up Kylo's chest. Her light touch continued its ascent, caressing the side of his neck. His dark stare left the Commander and softened in her eyes. She sensed his anger dissipate instantly. Rey refrained from smiling. She realized the influence she had over him and she felt a sudden rush of adrenaline. Thoroughly frightened, Commander Mitaka fell to his knees, shaking. He grabbed at his face, making sure all his features were still intact. Relieved, the Commander exhaled loudly. His nerves were a jumbled mess. "We apologize for the intrusion." Said General Phasma. She ignored the whimpering subordinate next to her. "Lord Ren, we feared you might have been lost in the accident." She stated, carefully choosing her words. Phasma knew of Kylo Ren's penchant for destroying equipment and lifeforms. A handful of black suit engineers came running in as Phasma apologized. They had flashlights and spread throughout the room. "We're fine here." Kylo stated coldly. Reluctantly, he placed his hand over Rey's and brought it down. She instinctively pulled away from him, hiding a look of disappointment. Rey wondered if he was ashamed of her. Perhaps he wanted to hide his feelings from the rest of the crew? She considered, scrunching her face. Kylo rested his hand on the small of her back, as if reading her thoughts. Rey searched his eyes. Any doubts she had melted away. As Phasma continued to talk, Kylo's thoughts lingered on his obsession. Having her this close wasn't enough anymore. They shouldn't have to hide their affection. The crew of the Finalizer would come to respect and fear Rey. He'd cut down anyone that spoke against her. Kylo pulled Rey in closer, while glaring at the engineers. The Engineers were oblivious to Kylo's icy stare. After checking power conduits around the room, they gathered by the pit in the center. Sparks shot up from the opening, chasing them to a safe distance. "The Tower didn't collapse into sections, as it was designed. Every safety protocol appears to have failed spectacularly." Phasma stated. Kylo and Rey exchanged looks. "I agree completely." Replied Kylo Ren, keeping his voice neutral. As he said this, Rey dug her fingers into his forearm. "When the entire structure fell through the reinforced deck, it critically damaged the dihydrogen monoxide supply." Phasma stated crisply. "We're currently venting dihydrogen monoxide into the vacuum of space. We've contacted the fleet nearby for assistance." "That's going to be a problem." Kylo replied. He watched Rey's expression out of the corner of his eye. The Resistance was coming for her. That he was certain about . Hux's trap would definitely be spotted . The Sith Lord kept his thoughts guarded. A subtle smile formed on the side of his mouth. Rey's ears perked up, taking notice of Phasma's report. Their fleet was nearby . She thought, finding that odd. The Finalizer in particular, usually operated on its own . Master Luke may not know about the additional ships . She worried, knowing that the Resistance was planning a rescue operation. She didn't sense additional star destroyers. They must be planning something. The First Order fleet was far enough away to avoid her detection . Rey thought, shifting her eyes to look at Kylo's face. "General Hux has called an emergency meeting," coughed Commander Mitaka, rising to his feet. The Sith Lord glared at the stubby commander, challenging him to say another word. Wisely, Mitaka closed his mouth. Kylo Ren turned his attention to General Phasma. "Rey and I will be available in two hours. I expect a full status report on our repairs and the Maz Kanata mission. I also demand to know why our engineers installed a faulty Tower. It nearly killed two Knights." Kylo said, sounding agitated. Rey watched him closely, wondering why he would mention the Maz Kanata mission. As a peace offering, Kylo came clean about the kidnapping plans. He must know I warned Luke , she thought, narrowing her eyes. "Yes, Lord Ren." Phasma replied, turning to the side so the Sith Lord could pass them. Mitaka took her lead and followed suit. Kylo Ren stormed for the exit with Rey beside him. "You know why that Tower fell, Kylo," Rey said through their Force connection. He didn't respond, which meant that she was right. The Sith Lord was completely responsible for the damages. Not that she minded what happened to the Finalizer . Poe Dameron climbed into the lower cannon array on the Millennium Falcon . Pushing dark goggles on, he began welding the improvised docking arm onto the ship. He took extra care, making sure the alteration would hold against any bombardment. The heat in the chamber rose fairly quickly. Poe wondered how long someone could sit and man these guns without passing out. Luke and Finn stood underneath the Falcon , watching amber sparks fly out the new entryway. "Han would hate the idea of us removing a cannon and replacing it with something so practical." Luke said aloud, not directing the statement to anyone in particular. Finn looked solemnly at Luke Skywalker. "It's only temporary." He reminded the Jedi Master. "Anything to increase the odds of getting Rey away from Kylo Ren." He continued. Finn had felt terrible since Rey went off to face the masked villain alone. There was a lot he needed to say to her but failed to. Luke thought about his apprentice. She was strong with the Force. He had always been able to feel her presence, even if it was faint. Right now however, she was hidden. The Jedi Master considered Kylo Ren's obsession with her and couldn't help but worry. Rey was determined and so was her captor. He acknowledged. Poe Dameron exited the Falcon , removing heavy, protective gloves. Finn and Luke watched the confident strut of the pilot. "Growing up, the old Rebellion fighters used to tell stories about The Millennium Falcon . It was rumored that Han Solo once landed on the side of a Star Destroyer, hiding from the Empire." Poe said, smiling at Master Luke. Chewy overheard the conversation and let out a roar. Joining them, he growled, making Luke smile. The wookiee had checked in on Maz Kanata, making sure she was resting. "It's inspiring, really." Poe continued. "We're going to take it to the next level." He said, handing the goggles back to Chewy. "One day, future generations will talk about the Falcon sticking it to the First Order." Finn grinned at his friend. "Yeah. Maybe if we have enough time, we can sneak into Hux's room and trash it." The group watched Chewy reach up and test the strength of the docking arm. It was holding as solid as anything else on the Falcon . Luke suddenly felt old standing next to Finn and Poe. Their enthusiasm mirrored his own, once upon a time. Chewy looked great , he suddenly noticed. Shouldn't Chewy have gray hair by now ? Luke realized, envious. Chewbacca let out a small roar in approval, inspecting the welds further. "Great Chewy. Can I get some help installing the door? Poe asked, kneeling next to the heavy chunk of metal. He wiped away sweat from his forehead as Chewy bent down. The pilot's eyes grew wide, watching the wookiee easily lift the door. Shuffling into the docking bay were the familiar footsteps of C-3PO. Finn caught a glimpse of the gold plated droid. "Fun's over." He said, nodding towards Threepio. "Is there something you want to share with me?" Rey asked Kylo, stomping into her room. "You know how I feel." He said sharply, following her inside. He could tell Rey was bothered by something and had her guard up again. "That's not what I mean. What's the First Order planning?" She asked, folding her arms. Kylo smiled at her and she turned away in frustration. Rey felt the tug of the lightsaber on her belt. It seemed to call to her once more. She could fight her way off the ship . The idea quickly vanished, feeling Kylo moving closer to her. Rey had every reason to escape and only one reason to stay. "I'm not the only one hiding something." Kylo said, narrowing his gaze. Rey closed her thoughts, feeling his mind prying. "Rey, I have to know you're with me . There's only one way to be sure. Once our connection is solidified, you will know everything. I won't be able to hide any secrets from you...I barely can as it is." He said, running his fingertips down her back. He's nothing if not persistent , she thought. Rey enjoyed the sensation of his touch, biting her lip. Their connection was definitely a problem. It constantly pulled them closer, binding them. They should be mortal enemies, yet here they stood. It made her want to stay . "If you want me to join you for that meeting, I need to freshen up and change." Rey said, trying to get Kylo to leave her room. She was a sweaty mess from fighting him on the Tower. More importantly, Rey needed to contact Luke. That was proving to be difficult with Kylo around . "Great idea. I'll join you. With a water shortage, it only makes sense." He said, watching her expression. Rey walked over to the bed, lifting her heel on the edge of it. Raising her eyebrow, she undid a strap on her boots. "That's not a good idea." She said sternly, avoiding his gaze. It felt good to kick off the bulky footwear. "I bought us two hours," he said, approaching her. A sly smile spread across his lips. "Only Two?" She asked playfully, stepping back from his reach. "You do realize I'm a Jedi, not some easy, stormtrooper knock-off." She said, putting the bed in between them both. Rey realized she probably shouldn't tease him—especially when it sounded like a challenge. She noticed the look of desire on his face and it made her blush. "I know exactly who you are." He said in a low voice. "You want this as badly as I do." Kylo felt her resolve weakening and it emboldened him to move closer. "Or maybe you'd prefer that I make you? So you can convince yourself that you're still a Jedi afterwards." He said, noticing the fire in her eyes. Rey was flustered; caught between slapping him and tearing off his shirt. "Kylo Ren. It's inappropriate to take advantage of your student." She said quietly, hoping the reminder would cause him to slow down. "You've never once called me Master ." He growled, backing her into the column next to the bed. "If I did, you would never take your hands off me." She said, feeling her heart racing. The more persistent he was, the harder it became to keep her feelings in check. Their connection was working in Kylo's favor, for a change. "Fine, forget about training. There is a quicker way to seduce you to the Dark Side." Kylo said, flatly. There wasn't anything subtle about his suggestion. "Why are you so consumed with taking away the one thing I identify with?" She asked, swallowing the lump in her throat. Rey wanted to become a Jedi and help her friends in the Resistance. She also desperately wanted to be with Kylo Ren . She admitted, fighting butterflies in her stomach. "You already are a Jedi." He said, straining his voice. "You defeated me on the Tower and on Starkiller Base ." He finished, hoping to brush past the issue. Rey squinted at him, searching Kylo's thoughts. "I hit the floor of the deck first, Rey. The mountain is yours and so am I. What more do you have to prove?" He asked with a sense of urgency. Kylo reached for Rey but she slid away, worried about getting pinned against the column. "You were trying to shield me, Kylo. I'm grateful for that but I don't need anyone's protection." She said, sounding more bitter than she meant to. Kylo clenched his jaw, unsure how to respond. He fought the temptation to punch a hole through the column. "I guess this means I'm free to go." Rey said, trying to lighten his mood. Before she could react, Kylo pushed them both onto the bed. His full weight was immediately on top of her. She gasped, wrapping her legs around him. Defensively, she locked her right foot behind the back of her left knee, pulling tightly into his waist. He took it as an invitation to grind into her. Kylo kissed down her neck, feeling her shake underneath him. Rey knew she needed to fight for control but his lips felt incredible. She panted in his ear, urging him further. Her legs weakened and she considered reaching for her lightsaber in desperation. "Don't even think about it." He breathed into her ear. Rey felt her lightsaber being yanked off her waist. He tossed it across the room, while kissing the other side of her neck. Kylo left his hand on her hip where the saber once was. He slowly lowered it, trailing kisses across her clavicle. Moaning, she wrapped her fingers around his wrist to stop him from going further. Kylo sank his hand into abdomen, sending a vibration deep within her core. Rey cried out, pulling his mouth back to her neck. She screamed in her head, ordering her body to turn her hips and escape his hold. The heat between them was suffocating and she stifled another moan, instead of taking action. His other hand slipped beneath her undershirt. "No, Kylo," she protested weakly. He was making a convincing argument and her voice trailed off. Rey felt his fingers send another shockwave into her body. Her grasp on his wrist tightened, quickly approaching her limits. She whimpered in his ear, "Master," driving him crazy. Over Kylo's communicator came an abrupt, static sound and the voice of General Hux. "Lord Ren, are you there?" Rey's eyes shot open, prying Kylo's hand away from her midsection. She buried her mouth into his shoulder, stifling her cries. She bit into him, without meaning to. Kylo hissed. He was sucking Rey's earlobe and gave it one last nibble. Reluctantly, he let go of her ear and pulled back. Rey closed her eyes and twisted her hips sharply, using all her strength. Kylo fell on his back next to her, grunting in surprise. He nearly fell off the bed, cursing under his breath. "Lord Ren?" The annoying, crackling voice came again. "I thought we sent someone to check on them?" Hux said to one of his underlings, still transmitting his sniveling voice. Rey adjusted the front of her gee, making sure she was covered. Her fingers trembled, playing with the stubborn fabric. Kylo sat up, letting his eyes roam over her. "What is it Hux?" Kylo said, wanting to strangle the voice on the other end. "The Supreme Leader wants a meeting with everyone. All the Generals are waiting in the war room. He requests the presence of you and your apprentice, as well." General Hux said stiffly. Rey rested her forearm over the top of her eyes, trying to regain her composure. She snapped her legs together, trembling. Kylo reached for her chest and she batted his hand away, without looking. "We're on our way." Kylo grunted, getting up and crushing his communicator in his palm. Tiny bits of the device dropped to the floor. The Sith Lord cursed, feeling his anger rise. He considered making the rest of the First Order wait, shifting his gaze to Rey. "I need to change." Rey said, abruptly getting up and pushing Kylo away. "Wait for me outside." She commanded, rushing him out the door. She refused to give him a chance to protest. Kylo Ren exited the room with his head spinning. He missed Rey's touch, kicking the railing outside in anger. I'm going to kill General Hux for this . At that moment, the Sith Lord wished there were still two stormtroopers guarding Rey's door. It would be nice to plunge his lightsaber into someone right now. Unfortunately, he already stuffed those guards into the trash compactor. The door slammed closed behind Rey and she leaned against it. Her heart beat felt like it was pounding just below her ears. She reached up and rubbed her neck, feeling her quickened pulse. Her fingertips remembered every kiss, tracing down to her collar bone. She sensed him on the other side of the door and shared his frustration. Alone in the corridor, Kylo ignited his lightsaber. The crimson light bled in the hallway around him. He held his forearm close to the side of the crossguard. He clenched his jaw, feeling the fiery end scald his skin. The searing pain, caused his massive erection for Rey, to die down. Switching off the lightsaber, he cursed, clamping his hand over the new wound. Applying pressure to his burned forearm, he tried to forget how incredible she made him feel. "If we're going to do this, it needs to be within the next 24 hours." Leia said, looking at her crew. She pulled up a surveillance hologram. "Our latest scouting mission revealed the Finalizer had some sort of accident. Their fleet stationed in the Karthurn system is sending transport vehicles back and forth to assist." Leia continued. "They're not exactly being subtle anymore." Commented Poe Dameron. The hologram resembled shipping lanes above Coruscant. "Even if we weren't doing counter-surveillance, this would be a dead giveaway that Star Destroyers are hiding nearby." Luke looked away from the diagram, turning his thoughts to Rey. She was beyond his reach and he wondered if the accident may be the cause. The Jedi Master closed his eyes and searched for her again. If he couldn't find her, then there was no reason to risk anyone, other than himself. "The Falcon is ready and we have their shuttle." Finn stated, eager to leave right away. He wanted to retrieve Rey as quickly as possible. Luke felt Rey reaching through the Force again. She was definitely alive. He realized, unsure why the connection was so weak. Opening his eyes again, he cleared his throat. "I want to go over this plan one more time." He said, getting everyone's attention. Rey tightened her hair behind her head and exited the room. Kylo was waiting for her, glaring at the doorway. She passed by him without saying a word, refusing to meet his gaze. He hid his forearm from her. "It's this way." He said, his voice echoing in the corridor. Rey turned on her heel and headed in the opposite direction with Kylo Ren. "What the hell was that?" She asked him, staring straight ahead. Her cheeks were still rose colored. "What do you mean?" Kylo responded, sounding annoyed. The Sith Lord was still infuriated by another First Order interruption. He considered getting them both off the ship for some training on a nearby moon. At least they would be alone . "What you were doing with your hand. You were using the Force on me," she hissed, loud enough so only they could hear. "I didn't hear you complaining." He said, sounding proud of himself. "I have a bite mark on my shoulder to prove it." He added. She scowled in response, fighting the urge to knee him in the stomach. "Don't you dare use the Force on me again." She said flatly. She didn't care how good it felt . "Pretty sure I have it figured out now. One more try and we'll be on the same page." He said cryptically, as they passed by some stormtroopers. "It might be a little easier if you weren't fighting me all the time." He reached for her hand and she pulled away again. "There's not going to be another time." Rey said, feeling like her old self again. Kylo let out a small laugh as they entered the war room. He leaned in close, whispering in her ear, "Of course there will." He passed by her, to take his seat. Rey inhaled, taking in the ghastly form of Snoke for the first time. He was hideous and scarred, appearing as a giant holographic head, at the end of the table. Snoke scowled at Rey, sizing up the new apprentice. His cold eyes followed her, as she took a seat next to Kylo Ren. Rey suppressed an anxious feeling. Looking at Kylo, she mirrored his subtle scowl, hoping to blend in. Under the table, Kylo placed his hand on hers. She didn't pull away this time. A/N: Notes: Thanks for all the feedback. I haven't really had to write a scene like this in awhile, hope it didn't fall flat. There's a couple subtle clues as to where the rest of the story is going. The next chapter I will have next week - its important to take a little time on it because there is a lot of action and it sets up the third and final act. :( Anyway, I always wondered why Chewy didn't appear to age. I use "dihydrogen monoxide" sometimes, as a shout out to any other Chemistry nerds. Also, Captain Picard used "penchant" on Star Trek one time and I flipped out! I almost never get to use it. Chapter 19 : While There's Still Something Left Summary: The First Order gets some devastating news. Rey has a realization about Kylo Ren and must make a difficult choice. He wants her to stay and believes she will. With the Resistance planning a rescue attempt, Rey is running out of time. The Final Act starts here. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey looked around at the room full of First Order leaders. In front of her sat five officers, including Phasma, who she recognized. General Phasma never removed her chrome armor, even after receiving her promotion. Rey found it odd that there was such a high ranking stormtrooper. On Rey's left, lurked the giant beady-eyed face of Snoke. His skin looked unnatural and decaying. Snoke's projection was so bright, it bled into the darkened room. As a result, the infographic holograms floating above the table looked washed out. To her far right, stood two faint, full body holographic projections. They must be generals as well , she thought. Rey wondered if everyone in the room had their own Star Destroyer and crew. Sitting there, the odds seemed stacked against the Resistance. The Jedi felt out of place, surrounded by the enemy. Kylo held her hand affectionately. She didn't feel she could fully trust him, though it was comforting having him close. He seemed perfectly in his element. In fact, he was a little too nonchalant about the whole thing. "They're all sitting on that side of the table because they're are afraid of me. Afraid of us." His words entered her mind. He squeezed her hand a little tighter. "The entire galaxy fears your boyfriend, Rey." He continued, shifting his eyes to hers. "I'll bet that makes you proud...among other things." The Jedi resisted the urge to push his voice out of her head. "Kylo pay attention. What if someone asks you a question?" She scolded, furrowing her brow. The Sith Lord's lips curled slightly. He enjoyed the sound of her voice, slipping into his mind. "We should find an excuse to leave." He said to her. Kylo kept his eyes fixed on General Hux, who was discussing repairs to the Finalizer. "We just sat down," she replied, trying to listen to General Hux. This was the perfect opportunity to gain intelligence on the First Order. Rey didn't want to waste it. "Stop doing that." She snapped, as he started tracing his fingers up her forearm. The table in front of them conveniently screened his actions. "We can play later." She said softly, using their Force connection. Kylo didn't let up, feeling her elbow. "Promise?" His voice echoed in her mind. General Hux continued to enjoy the sound of his own voice, unaware that Kylo Ren wasn't listening to a word. The entire room had no clue that Rey and Kylo could secretly communicate this way. The only one that appeared suspicious was Snoke. His icy glare never left Rey. Snoke knew the scavenger occupied much of Kylo Ren's time. Such a distraction could work in their favor , he considered. She could be used to reign Kylo Ren in again . "Kylo stop." Her voice echoed in his mind. "Snoke is staring right at us." She protested. He continued to trace into her arm, sending a shiver down her spine. "Let's do something about that." He replied. Kylo cleared his throat. "Where are we with the Maz Kanata mission?" He asked aloud, getting all eyes on Hux. General Hux looked around the room with his trademark sneer. "I was just getting to that. We've successfully captured Maz Kanata and she is being delivered to The Supreme Leader." The uptight general swelled with pride. An archival image of Maz emerged above the table. Snoke finally looked away from Rey, focusing his cold eyes on General Hux. "At last." Snoke said, in a low hiss. His eyes rolled back in his head and he sniffed the air, as if Maz was already in his presence. Rey's eyes widened at the news of Maz Kanata's capture. She warned Luke about Maz and wondered if he didn't make it to her in time. She shifted her gaze to Kylo Ren, who was already glaring in her direction. "Some good news for a change," Kylo said aloud, keeping his eyes on Rey. There was an edge to his voice, hinting that he was annoyed. Rey turned slightly to face him. The pair read each other's thoughts, taking advantage of the distracted audience. "Did you know Maz was being delivered to Snoke?" She asked. Her tone suggested she already knew the answer. Rey grabbed his wrist, putting an end to his teasing. "Of course." He replied, irritated. "It was a peace offering, Rey. You were suppose to warn Maz, so she could escape. What difference does it make, now?" He said, exploiting their connection further. "Don't take it the wrong way." He added, knowing her too well. "You used me. And for what, a power grab?" She asked, furious with him. This must be how things work in the First Order. She wondered if Kylo Ren was just using her to gain whatever he wanted. "This one isn't my fault. Why didn't you do something with the information?" His voice growled in her mind. Kylo narrowed his eyes, trying to read her. The Jedi scowled in response. The picture of Maz Kanata floated above her like a ghost. She suddenly had the urge to draw her lightsaber. Rey fought the impulse to avenge Maz Kanata and strike a devastating blow to the First Order. She scanned the room. There were two armed guards and Kylo Ren. General Phasma would probably be armed. No one would get a shot off in time . Rey thought. Shifting her gaze back to Kylo, she sized him up. Even if he killed her, it would be worth it. How many innocent lives across the galaxy could be saved ? She thought, fighting a feeling of desperation. Attacking now may be the only way to protect her friends. "That's not you, Rey." Kylo said, cupping her hand again. He was in her head, searching her thoughts. And she let him in further. "That's the Dark Side talking. Which I'd normally encourage, but it won't accomplish what you hope. There's always an underlying vying for a promotion in the First Order." Rey's lowered her eyes to the hilt of her lightsaber. "Keep your emotions in check, Jedi. Snoke can have this effect, even from across the galaxy. I'm the only dark sider you need to listen too." He said, looking away from her. "This isn't the right moment. When it is, I will gladly execute them all for you." Kylo continued. Rey clenched her jaw, realizing for the first time he was sounding somewhat reasonable. "You've been using me this whole time, like a pawn. Had Maz escaped, it would give you some advantage here. Admit it." She stated, terminating the connection and looking away. The Jedi pulled her hand from his and crossed both her arms. Kylo grunted in disappointment. Rey was right of course. She must have warned Skywalker. He thought, missing their simmering connection. The Sith Lord pushed against the barrier she controlled; trying to let himself back into her thoughts. General Hux appeared to be pleased with himself and transitioned back to the repair efforts. Snoke continued to watch Rey closely. Attempting to read her thoughts was fruitless. It was proving to be more difficult than Kylo Ren suggested it would be. She will need to be brought to me in person . He thought, rubbing boney fingers across his sunken chin. The scavenger is definitely powerful , he admitted. Noticing her body language change, he spoke. "Is there a problem?" Snoke asked, interrupting General Hux. His narrow eyes focused on the pair. "Yes." Kylo Ren said firmly, turning his attention to General Hux. "Did you verify that it's our crew that has Maz Kanata?" He asked, getting an irritated look from Hux. "With Skywalker in the picture, we can't make any assumptions. The Jedi Master could be on his way to the Supreme Leader as we speak." The giant floating head focused on Hux, waiting for an answer. General Hux paused, turning red. He didn't like being challenged in front of The Supreme Leader. "Aren't all First Order communications passing through multi-level encryption?" Kylo asked, directing the question at General Phasma. The Sith Lord leaned forward, impatiently waiting for an answer. General Hux flared his nostrils, looking down at Phasma. She had clearly gone around him and mentioned her concerns to Lord Ren. "No, Lord Ren." Phasma stated simply. "Explain." Kylo demanded, looking at General Hux for answers. "An unnecessary precaution." Hux said, feeling ambushed by the sudden turn in the conversation. "If Lord Ren's visions are accurate, Luke Skywalker will be killed here, trying to rescue her." Hux pointed at Rey. "As I already explained to General Phasma, the multi-level encryption delays every order and communication. It leaves us vulnerable to potential attacks." Rey looked at Kylo. "I'm not going to let you kill Luke." She said, opening their connection again. "What makes you think he's coming here?" She asked, curious how Kylo knew about the rescue plan. Snoke hissed over the hologram, drawing everyone's attention. "We are vulnerable as it is. The engineering facilities at Entralla have been destroyed by the Resistance." His voice echoed in the war room. This was the primary reason the Supreme Leader wanted to meet. He grew impatient waiting for Hux to mention the subject. Rey looked around the table, noticing the stunned reactions of the generals. Hux looked like he was going to be sick, hearing the news for the first time. "Our Star Destroyers...our new superweapon?" He asked, fearing the worst. "Gone." Snoke said, remaining eerily calm about it. "The senior leadership of the First Order should have eyes on everything. I'm surprised that none of you discovered this before I." He scanned the room, reading his subordinates. "How did they find the Kuat-Entralla headquarters? That location is known only a few people in this room." Kylo Ren asked, slamming a fist on the table. The sudden outburst caused everyone to jump in their seats. The Sith Lord rose, staking around the table. All eyes nervously followed Kylo Ren. Hux stepped back, getting out of his way. Suppressing the urge to smile, Rey realized that General Organa must be putting the new fleet to good use. Kylo glared at her. "Don't gloat. You're by my side." His voice invaded her mind. In the corner, one of the holographic generals spoke up. "What will we do about the interruption to the supply line? We need those reinforcements." Said General Nujaris. His voice sounded crackly and uptight. "The Resistance Fleet nearly matches our size and strike capability." The second hologram said, sounding concerned. Kylo Ren heard enough of this and interrupted. "We have a power they do not. It's time to unleash the Dark Side and crush the Resistance. Once Skywalker falls, I will eliminate their remaining leadership. Ackbar, Organa, and every other leader they have will die at the hands of our lightsabers." He stated, casting his gaze across the room. "Weakened they will turn to younger, less experienced leadership. They will crumble." He stated. "The Force hasn't lead us to the new Resistance base. Nor did it help you capture the BB droid, leading to Luke Skywalker. Counting the Jedi's death as a certainty, is a foolish mistake." Piped General Tadal, one of Hux's biggest supporters. Tadal sat across from Rey and apparently forgot he was talking to Kylo Ren. Rey closed her eyes, sensing the worst. The Sith Lord clenched his fists and General Tadal's forehead slammed into the dark marble table. The impact sent him backwards, tumbling onto the floor. Everyone at the table jumped at the loud thud, hearing the general's skull crack. The room fell silent. The only sound came from Tadal's chair. It squeaked a little, swiveling to a stop. "Where was I?" Kylo said, glaring at the horrified audience. "We will have someone on the inside, who will give us the location of the Resistance." He said, standing behind Rey. He put his hands on her shoulders. She did her best to hide a look of disgust. "Your apprentice?" Asked Hux, stepping over Tadal's body. He had his doubts about the young woman. "So be it." Replied Snoke, interrupting them both. His tone ended the discussion. "The Resistance has shown their true colors. Like cowards, they attack from the shadows and run for cover. Hiding like that, is a sign of weakness." Kylo shifted his gaze to Snoke, who narrowed his eyes at the comment. "The Force is with us," Kylo continued. "Our leadership must be more ruthless and resilient. The desire and will to win at any cost, must come from the top. Anyone who doesn't agree can speak up now." He challenged, scanning the room. "My crew is ready, Lord Ren. They are fiercely dedicated to our cause." said General Nujaris. To the annoyance of Hux, the other generals voiced their support as well. Satisfied, Kylo Ren sat back down next to Rey. Rey flashed her eyes at him. "Was that suppose to impress me?" her voice crept into Kylo's mind. "I could have done without the sound of skulls crushing." She said, watching him smirk. "There's no way I'm going to be your double agent. You should know me better by now," she added. General Hux flipped through his tablet, trying to get things back on track. Kylo and Rey continued their secret communications. "Oh it impressed you," he shot back, sensing her desire for him rise. "It's okay to admit that you like it here. You like watching me work." He said, looking down her shirt. She leaned back, trying to limit his view. Snoke cleared his throat, watching Rey's body language. Hux stopped talking, waiting for the next interruption. "Your apprentice must be the one to kill Luke Skywalker." The ghostly figure declared. "Prove your devotion to our cause, little one." Snoke said, before wheezing. Kylo Ren glared at Snoke. "Luke Skywalker is mine to destroy." He raised his voice. "She must prove she is worthy, as do all Knights of Ren." Snoke sneered in response. "If my apprentice wants the honor, she will have to take it from me." Kylo said, looking at Rey. "She is not ready for such a challenge. We will find an appropriate one, so she can prove she belongs with us." Snoke started coughing again, unable to respond. Rey kept her face emotionless, suppressing the urge to scream at Kylo Ren. "You can't be serious." She said using their connection. Rey hated that everyone talked about her like she wasn't there. Kylo's voice entered Rey's mind, "Stay calm. We're not going to duel over this." He met Rey's icy glare. "Even though you look amazing with a lightsaber." He added, testing her resolve. His long fingers brushed against her knee. She jumped at the contact, "I won't allow you and Luke to destroy each other." She shot back at him, keeping her lips tightened. "I can't help it. Now I'm picturing you wearing less clothes, practicing your forms." Kylo leaned in closer to her, sending the image into her head. He smirked, enjoying their secret game. The Sith Lord let his fingertips travel up her leg. "Did you hear what I said?" She asked, feeling her knee shaking. The knights ignored the conversation picking up around them, indulging their connection instead. "I want those extra security measures in place. Verify its our men that have Maz Kanata." Snoke hissed. Hux opened his mouth to protest but thought better. "We need to discuss who will be taking over for General Tadal. Perhaps Phasma will like her own command?" Snoke breathed deeply. Kylo removed his hand to listen to the conversation again. Rey let out a sigh, adjusting the fabric on her legs. Blushing, Rey kept her expression neutral and reached for Kylo's thigh. His eyes widened as Rey slid her hand near his crotch. She watched his expression closely, knowing that the table was hiding her actions. "Rey." His voice sounded desperate in her mind. Kylo felt his pants tightening immediately. He liked this side of her. "You're not the only one that can play this game." She said, feeling his growing excitement. "I'm not going to let you kill Luke." She stated, a little surprised by her own forwardness. Kylo cleared his throat, his mouth suddenly dry. "Don't talk about him right now," his voice echoed in her mind. His breathing hitched as she continued further. "Promise me you won't harm him." She said, wrapping her hand around his girth. Kylo groaned, trying to block out her pleas. "You better finish what you start, little Jedi." He warned her. "Such a promise can only be kept if you stay here with me." Kylo stifled another groan, feeling harder in her hand. Rey couldn't tear her eyes away from his. The fabric separating his stiff member seemed like a flimsy barrier. "I didn't start this, you did." She said, sounding innocent. "Promise me." She said again. "No." He replied, closing his eyes. Kylo's lips curled, relishing the contact. Lost in the moment, the Sith Lord didn't care if anyone discovered them. Rey let go of him. "Supreme Leader Snoke," she said aloud. "I challenge Master Ren for the right to duel Luke Skywalker." She said, standing up abruptly. Rey felt a sudden rush of adrenaline, feeling Kylo's confusion at the loss of contact. Kylo's eyes grew wide. "What the hell are you doing?" His voice echoed in her mind. "Very well." Snoke replied, resting his beady eyes on Rey. "If you survive, I look forward to meeting you in person." The ghostly hologram said to her. He disappeared without saying a word to the rest of the room. Kylo grabbed Rey's arm and stood up behind her. He used her smaller frame to hide his obvious arousal from the rest of the room. "We are leaving to settle this." He announced, breathing heavily. He hurried her out of the war room, using her as a shield. "Where are we going?" Rey asked, feeling him poking into the small of her back. Her heart raced, figuring they were headed for her bedroom. "The command shuttle." He said, hissing in her ear. "I don't want to do anymore damage to this ship." He said cryptically. Kylo steered her, resting his hand on her shoulder. "You said we weren't going to fight over this. Do you have to walk so closely behind me?" She whispered. Her cheeks blushed realizing that she may have pushed things too far. His arousal was stirring her own. "I don't want the entire ship to know that my girlfriend doesn't take care of me. As for the fight, that depends entirely on you." He said, breathing into her ear. Rey gasped, feeling her desire spike suddenly. She felt just as frustrated as Kylo Ren. "I don't want to see you killed." She protested as they climbed the ramp. He remained silent. Kylo climbed into the pilot seat, working quickly at the controls. He was on the edge. Rey watched him, from behind, noticing that he was forgetting critical steps. "Okay first, sit in the other chair." She demanded, putting her hand on his shoulder. "You can't fly us out of here with the ramp down." Kylo grunted and moved to the copilot seat. Rey slipped in, restarting the preflight procedure. She swallowed her throat, noticing Kylo's erection in the dark cabin. His eyes narrowed, considering stripping her naked right here. "When was the last time you piloted anything?" She asked, trying to get him talking. The silence was eating away at Rey. His arousal was distracting her. "I have a TIE Interceptor." He said in a low voice, staring at her lips. The cabin felt hotter by the moment, making it difficult to concentrate. Rey could feel her skin glistening, which made things worse. She knew how much Kylo wanted her, especially when she glowed. "When was the last time you took your Interceptor for a spin?" She asked. Rey glanced at the course Kylo had entered. The flight plan was set for the nearest moon in the Karthurn system. She leaned closer to him, looking at the details about the surface. Gritting his teeth, he watched her. "When I was looking for you. I searched every star system with oceans and small islands. I figured it was more than a dream you showed me." He said, narrowing his eyes. She looked surprised at the answer and he leaned in to capture her lips. Rey hungrily accepted. He snaked an arm around her, pulling her onto his lap. Rey straddled him without protesting, lost in the moment. She felt his excitement digging into her thigh and she rubbed against it. Kylo groaned, hooking his thumbs under the waist of her pants. As they kissed, a single image came to the forefront. Rey was reminded of Kylo torturing Resistance pilots and sending them into outer space. Kylo saw the image too and opened his eyes. Rey broke away, with a hurt look on her face. Her fingers untangled from his hair. She climbed into the pilot's chair, sighing in frustration. "Lightsabers it is then." She stated, firing the engines and heading for their destination. Rey's skin was on fire and she cursed under her breath. The Sith Lord punched the console and left the cockpit. Sitting in the bench in the back, he was reminded of the other times he had Rey in the command shuttle. She suddenly seemed out of his reach again. "I won't let us go back to how things were." He barked, his voice echoing throughout the ship. Rey rubbed her neck, remaining silent. The destination quickly approached. Her hardened expression softened some, feeling Kylo's pain. Upon landing Rey was out of her chair and walking down the ramp before Kylo stood up. They didn't say a word, she just glared at him as she passed. The Sith Lord stayed behind, fumbling thru hidden compartments. Pulling out her lightsaber, Rey took in her surroundings. The forest was eerily similar to something she had seen before. The canopy was an odd combination exotic and familiar plant life. It felt unnatural, as if someone imported plantlife from other worlds and was running an experiment. Purple, spiked vines crawled up the dense green trees. Reddish palms invaded the forest floor, with incandescent fronds. The closer she looked, the more they appeared to glow. It was approaching dusk and the shadows were starting to set in. She dreamed about this place . Rey realized. Feeling eyes on her, she turned to see Kylo Ren staring at her from the top of the ramp. He marched down the ramp carrying something. Rey ignited her lightsaber, prepared to defend herself. "Put that away." He said coldly. Kylo closed the distance, unconcerned. He didn't feel she would strike, even if she was trying to make a point. "What is that?" She asked, refusing to let her guard down. "A lightsaber." He replied. "It's incomplete however. It needs crystals and few other details" He held out the long hilt with both hands. Rey closed the distance, noticing it was no ordinary lightsaber. "It's a dual-bladed saber." Rey said, deactivating her own. "I've only ever seen a drawing of one." Her eyes were big with excitement. "It's a gift." He said, hoping to win her affections again. She took the long hilt from him, holding it in both hands. "Used primarily by the Sith." Rey said, raising her eyebrow at him. It was quite beautiful with a matte black and shiny ivory finish. "Not necessarily. This one is unique. I created it just for you." He said, enjoying her smile for a change. Kylo wrapped his fingers around hers and gently did a twisting motion. The dual blade became two individual lightsabers. "Oh Kylo," she said in surprise. Her smile grew bigger and he couldn't help but smile in return. The unusual black and white pattern mirrored at both ends of each hilt. Rey felt like it meant something deeper. It was them , she realized. A representation of the Dark and Light working together. "You are already the fastest swordsman I've ever seen. I believe with these lightsabers, you will become more dangerous than Master Yoda. The Sith avoided him for over 800 years." Kylo smirked, watching her inspect it. "So...better than you?" She asked playfully. Kylo reached for her wrist. "I've been dying to find out." He said, burning into her eyes. Rey backed up a little, suddenly remembering where she had seen this vision. Kylo gently took both hilts away. He wrapped them in the red cloth he hand slung around his shoulder. With a thud, the bundle fell to the ground. "You don't need to be afraid Rey." He said, noticing how defensive she became. Rey looked into his dark eyes, sobering up. Her fingers grazed the lightsaber tucked in her belt. She could injure him here and escape. Kylo would chase her across the galaxy but at least he'd survive. He wouldn't die at Luke's hands. Kylo closed the distance, wanting to silence any doubts she still had about them. "No, Kylo." She pleaded, fighting the burning feeling they shared. "I couldn't bear to see you and Luke killing each other." He sighed angrily. "I'll spare him, if you give in to me." He said, ready to pounce on her. "You won't keep that promise." She said, trying to calm her breathing. "You'll destroy all my friends," she said, her voice shaking. "You'll destroy anyone that tries to take me away." He growled at her, grabbing her wrist before she could draw her weapon. "Yes I will." Kylo had said this to her before, warning her many times. "This forest is where you force yourself on me. You defile me against that tree back there." She said, her eyes watering. She felt a lump in her throat, feeling overwhelmed by the vision. "I've seen the same vision, Rey. We shared it. This is where you break and finally give in. You beg me to take you. You've wanted me since the interrogation chamber." He said, wrapping his other hand around her. She froze in his arms, her eyes bigger than he's ever seen them. "Say the words. I need to hear them." He whispered to her. Kylo could force her and take what he wanted. This needed to be different . Rey trembled, staring into his dark eyes. She pulled him into a close embrace. "I'm not letting two men fight over me. I can fight my own battles." She said in a low voice. He sighed into her ear. "Just once. Tell me you want me and that you'll stay. You'll have your truce." He whispered again. She bit her lip wanting to admit everything. She wanted to tell him exactly what he wanted to here. Rey stood on her tippy toes. "I challenge you, for Luke Skywalker's life." She whispered in his ear. Kylo's eyes shot open. He grabbed her above the elbows with both hands. Lifting her into the air with his powerful arms, they both glared at each other. "You don't mean this." He said, his voice sounding hoarse. "This is the only way to keep you both safe." She said, fighting a shaky voice. "I will defeat you, take the command shuttle and disappear forever." Rey had promised to do something very similar in the past. Kylo believed they were past this. "I won't let you leave me." He said desperately, lowering her into an embrace. Rey rested her head into his chest. "Then come with me." She said softly. "It's not too late." Rey shared images of them returning to the Resistance. Kylo and Rey spending their days together in the sunshine, training. Their evenings we're cozy, snuggled up together. It suddenly seemed plausible, as she embraced him. Rey realized how much her own agenda had changed. She decided to kill him before entering the rusty Star Destroyer on L'yka. Things were different now. Sighing into his chest, she tried to read his thoughts. "There is good in you. I just want to save what's left." Rey said, rubbing his back. She felt there connection simmer briefly, before turning cold. "You'd rather be with Luke, than stay here with me. There's nothing left to save." He growled into her ear. Kylo shoved her away, reaching for his lightsaber. Rey landed on both feet, drawing her weapon to defend. Notes: Just go with her, Kylo. I received helpful feedback on the last chapter. I dig it! A lot of little callbacks here. Reylo spending an entire chapter together is important - especially moving forward. The last few lines and chapter title are borrowed from a song called "Savior." That's on my playlist for this fic. I'm starting to work on poster artwork for the ending, as a nice treat for everyone that made it all the way. Thanks for hanging in there for the start of act three. Chapter 20 : You won't break me Summary: Rey and Kylo Ren's fight leads to something we've been waiting to see. They've never been happier, which usually means the Force has sent something terrible their way. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) **This chapter is not safe for work** Rey slid to a stop, her feet cutting across blades of grass. She kept her eyes trained on Kylo Ren, angling her sword to defend. The Sith Lord stalked the Jedi Knight. With his chin down and eyes filled with rage, Kylo raised his fiery saber. He struck her blade with a crimson flurry. Rey managed to block each blow, spinning out from his last parry. She backed up again, looking to exploit an opening. This fight felt very different. She thought, mindful of her footing. The forest floor had holes from burrowing creatures and she couldn't afford to stumble. The sky was getting darker around them. Cresting over the treeline were the brightest moons of Karthurn Prime. The night was calm and beautiful. Sadly, the dueling knights couldn't stop to appreciate it. Rey locked blades with Kylo Ren, using her foot as leverage against his thigh. "We can't keep doing this," she said sternly. The Jedi did a back flip off his thigh, narrowly avoiding his next swing. Kylo grunted in frustration and threw a Force Push in her direction. She dodged it, feeling the shockwave miss her back. The impact slammed into the ancient tree, pummeling the bark and shaking every branch. It was the same tree from their dream. Rey responded with her own Push which he deflected into the ground. Kylo gave her a sly smile. "Don't smile at me, Kylo Ren." She said, gritting her teeth at him. He enjoyed fighting with her. The connection they shared wrapped around them, raising the stakes. Kylo felt that if he lost now, she would definitely leave him. The sense of urgency kept the blood pumping in his veins. "Stay with me. I can teach you how to do the same thing," he said, eagerly closing the distance between them. He brought the full weight of his saber down on her. Rey grimaced, struggling against his strength. She let out a cry, pushing back against his blade. The Jedi immediately followed with a swipe across his torso. Black fabric fell to the ground. "As usual, you're being too cavalier about this." She accused. "I'm really not." He said, feeling his abdomen. He lunged, striking back at her. Rey spun around, countering his next series of attacks. Both knights settled into a deadly dance of blades. They showcased their individual talents; Rey with her speed and Kylo with his strength. Kylo had to adjust to her illusive movements. He steered their fight towards a rocky hill, outside the forest clearing. The Sith Lord wanted to trap her against it, limiting her mobility. Rey sensed this, trying to circle around him. He moved to stop her every time, refusing to yield the ground won. "Say the words." Kylo said, growling at her. He had a hard time understanding why Rey wouldn't give in. That she would risk their happiness, just to save an old fool's life. Thinking about Rey choosing Skywalker and the Resistance, made him grind his teeth. Outraged, his saber locked into hers and he leaned in close with the crossguards. She felt the shorter dagger graze her bare shoulder. "Ahh." Rey cried out, feeling his weight bearing down. Kylo Ren marched forward, pushing against her lightsaber. She kept her stance firm, sliding across the soil. He continued to push into her, until her back foot rested against the rocky hill. Her narrow eyes grew wide, searching his stare. The heat from their blades distorted Kylo's face. "Say it…" he demanded, his voice cracking. His heart was feeling heavier and she knew it. He was scared that she'd leave. Rey realized that Kylo had one obvious weakness. She was the chink in his armor. "Would you kill me...if I can't?" She asked, searching his feelings. His eyebrows snapped together and he pulled back on his saber a little. Rey held her stance, even though she could use the moment to escape. "Rey." He said in a low voice. The harsh red light from his sword splashed across his face. "Stay with me." Kylo pleaded. "It's the only way we can be together," he said, using their Force connection. "It's not the only way. You can come home again, with me," she protested, watching him back away. Rey strained her neck, struggling to get through to him. Kylo lowered his head and slumped his shoulders. The tip of his fiery lightsaber burned into the grass at his feet. "What kind of life would we have?" He said staring at her feet. "I'd be arrested and put on trial by the Republic. I've shed blood throughout the entire galaxy." He said, breathing heavily. "Every system fears my name." Rey kept her guard up. "As Kylo Ren, you've done terrible things. I'm not asking Kylo Ren to come home." She said, feeling her chest tighten. "You don't need a mask, remember? You said so yourself, the moment you captured me. Bury Kylo Ren and let Ben Solo return, with me." She pleaded, her eyes watering. "Ben Solo was weak." He said, in a whisper. His brows drew together, raising the lightsaber and pointing the deadly end at her. "You didn't fall in love with Ben Solo. You fell for me ." He shouted. "I loved Ben ever since he rescued me and brought me to the Jedi Academy." Rey pulled her lightsaber close to her face. "But I can't allow myself to fall in love with a monster." She replied, pushing her feelings aside. Kylo Ren shook with anger and crouched defensively. "It's a little late for that," he hissed back at her. With his free hand, he waved her forward. The knights ran toward each other at full speed. Rey flipped over Kylo, who slid underneath her. Their blades collided as they passed, flashing brightly. In a fluid motion, Kylo was back on his feet, pouncing on her. The Jedi twirled and parried his strikes. "I wouldn't let them take you away." She said, ducking his swing. Her blade grazed his thigh, causing him to curse. He elbowed her in retaliation, sending her off balance. "And your life as a Jedi? How would I fit in there?" Kylo yelled, rubbing his leg. Rey dabbed at her forehead, staring daggers at him. She didn't know how to respond, reeling from his blow. The Jedi pushed forward, using her agility. Kylo backed up on the defensive, grunting as she attacked. The knights continued to shadow each other's movements. As they fought, the moons in the night sky lightened their path. Rey headed nimbly into the forest, looking to ambush Kylo. She slipped out of sight before he could catch her. "Coward." He shouted, hoping to coax her out. Kylo Ren searched the trees, feeling her presence everywhere. With a vicious swing, he buried his saber into the widest trunk. Giving it a swift kick, the tree tilted and fell to the side. Rey soared from its branches, landing safely on a narrower fern. "Lucky guess." She shouted down to him. Kylo Ren smiled at her and gave a small laugh. "You won't face me in the open?" He questioned, raising an eyebrow. "Is this how Luke Skywalker trains Jedi Knights these days?" Kylo knew that would get under her skin. She was too dangerous to fight in the trees like this . He considered. Rey wanted to slap him across the face. She grabbed a vine attached to the tree and gave it a tug. The Jedi slid down it, using it to ease her descent. Kylo watched her with hungry eyes. "That was...strangely hot." He said walking up to her. Rey blocked his strike, locking their blades again. She slapped him across the face with her free hand. Kylo stumbled back, grabbing his cheek. He gave her a hurt, bewildered look. Rey held her firm expression. "I could have escaped at any time, you know? Even before you gave me the lightsaber back." She said sternly. Kylo ground his jaw in response. "Then why are we here, Rey?" He said in a low voice. Kylo swiped the lightsaber at the dirt in frustration. "I know you feel the same way about me." The Sith Lord said, shaking his head. Rey softened her expression. She felt her heart ache and wasn't sure how to respond. "Isn't being with me enough for you? Or do you have to rule the galaxy too?" She asked. The Jedi felt her bottom lip tremble. Kylo's eyes welled up in response, much to her surprise. The tree branches behind Rey started breaking. At first, the knights didn't notice it. Kylo peered over her shoulder, sensing danger. Rey spun around, feeling it too. A loud roar echoed from the canopy, growing louder. Kylo grabbed Rey, pulling her out of the way. A large, dark haired beast came barreling past them, taking a vicious swipe. The knights rolled to the side, avoiding its claws. The giant beast spun around and roared again. It displayed long canines, opening its deadly mouth. The creature walked on its knuckles, like a twenty foot tall primate. "Well, this is horrible." Rey commented. Kylo twirled his lightsaber, ready to strike. From the clearing behind them came another ear-piercing screech. Another giant primate with gray hair, flanked them. The knights gave each other quick glance. Kylo took on the darker beast, leading it away from Rey. The creature roared, giving a feral swing. The Sith Lord sliced into the creature's claws, as it swiped again. It let out a loud cry and turned away. It's long tail whipped around, slamming Kylo into the forest canopy. Rey evaded the charging gray primate, swiping across its legs. The creature tumbled forward, crying out again. The ground around her shook, as the beast fell. The Jedi approached it cautiously, watching it trying to stand. Before she could end it's suffering, the darker primate came charging in. The Jedi crouched down, timing her jump. She lept as high as she could, twisting over the beast. It's prehensile tail caught her in the air, squeezing around her. Kylo Ren soared out the forest, flying through the air. He landed on the downed gray beast and plunged his saber into its back. Doing a flip off the dying creature, he sent emerald lighting into the darker primate. The lightning hit the beast in the chest, paralyzing it. Rey sliced the creature's tail off, and fell toward the ground. She landed on both feet, pushing the severed tail off of her. The darker beast collapsed on the ground and withered. Both knights sighed in relief, their hearts pounding. Kylo slicked his hair back, giving Rey a small smile. The grey primate crawled toward Kylo Ren, bleeding on the forest floor. It opened its mouth wide, to sink its canines into one last victim. Rey's eyes bulged and she threw her lightsaber into the creature's forehead. It's tiny eyes rolled back in its head and it fell lifeless to the ground. Kylo looked at Rey in shock. He wanted to kiss her badly, seeing her standing in the moonlight. The Sith Lord closed the distance between them, as the darker primate regained its faculties. The creature lunged for Rey with its sharpened claws. Pushing her out of the way, Kylo received the brunt of its attack. The Sith Lord fell to the ground, with three slashes across his chest. He cried out, feeling the sting of the deep incisions. The creature roared, smashing both giant paws into the ground. Rey looked at Kylo Ren and gasped. He tossed his saber to her. She flipped through the air and caught it. The beast charged him again and Rey plunged the crimson blade into its neck. She leaned into the blade with her small frame. Its ugly head fell onto the forest floor. The Jedi landed safely near it. The Sith Lord let out a laugh and then grimaced, gripping his chest. Rey ran over to him, looking at the wound. She pressed her hand over it and closed her eyes. "It's too deep for that," he said with a chuckle. Without saying a word, Rey ripped his shirt off his chest, to inspect the wound. "I've been waiting for one us to take the initiative," Kylo said. The Jedi ignored him and removed her thin cloak. She quickly bit down into the fabric, creating thick strips. As she wrapped them around his chest, she couldn't help but feel his muscles. Rey's cheeks flushed with color. Slowly helping him up, Kylo winced. Rey clipped the crossguard lightsaber into his belt, staring up into his eyes. His hair was a mess. The Sith Lord exhaled, trying to hide his discomfort. "We can fix you on the shuttle." She said, with a sigh. Rey turned and called her lightsaber to her. The hilt floated into her palm and she tucked it away. Kylo leaned into her and they both walked back to the shuttle. He was happy to have his arm around her. Nearing the transport, Rey stopped to pick up the red cloth, containing the custom dual sabers. She admired them again, wondering if she would ever get a chance to use them. Kylo put his hands on top of hers. "Look at me." He whispered. Her eyes sparkled in response. "We have to get you patched up." She said, quietly. Staring into his eyes, the Jedi wasn't sure what she would do after they healed him. The Karthurn moons were above them now and the romantic setting wasn't lost on her. Rey gently set her hand on his wrapped chest. "Every time I think the Force is pushing us closer, it tears us apart." She sighed. Her skin glistened, inviting him to run his fingers across her bare shoulder. The Sith Lord stared at her lips. Without warning, Kylo lifted her up, grabbing her waist. His hands cupped her ass and he raised her tightly into a kiss. "We can't" She protested. He silenced her lips and she wrapped her legs around him. "We have to heal you." She said, pulling her head back. Her fingers wandered, travelling in his hair. The Jedi couldn't believe he had the strength to do this after getting injured. "You don't have anything to prove." Kylo ran his lips along her neck and she sighed, giving in. Kylo fell onto his back, carrying her with him. He let out a small cry, wincing in pain on the ground. Surprised, Rey tried to get off him. He held his hands firmly on her hips, not wanting to let her get away. She straddled him and rested one hand gently on his chest, just above his wound. "No." She said out of habit, feeling her insides aching for him. "We're alone now," his voice echoed in her thoughts. Kylo was sure they wouldn't be interrupted this time. Rey nibbled on her bottom lip, her body pulsing. She could feel his heat trapped between her legs. Frustrated, her hips took over, grinding into his pelvis. "You're in no shape for this," she moaned. Searching for relief, the need for contact outweighed her reasoning. Kylo reached for her breast and she arched towards him. "Then take it easy on me." He whispered, blocking the pain. She moaned as his thumb found her left nipple. "Just at first anyway." His voice died. Rey grabbed his right hand from her waist. She pulled it to her lips, sucking his fingers in her mouth. Their Force connection boiled over. Kylo looked at her and groaned. She eagerly teased his fingers, squeezing her eyes tightly. The sky above her was picturesque; the moon's hovered over her head and bathed her skin with frosty light. "You're beautiful." He said through their connection. "I wish you could see what I see right now." His left hand trailed down across her flat belly and she continued to grind softly into him. "I see it too," She said, staring into his dark eyes. The starlight reflected in his pupils. The Jedi let his fingers go and reached for his other hand. Kylo traced his moistened index finger around her bellybutton. Her lowered it towards her center, hoping she wouldn't push him away. Rey moaned in encouragement, kissing his left hand. Kylo rubbed against her center, feeling the dampness of it. She bucked against the contact, feeling her body tingling all over. Her desire got the better of her. Rey grabbed his hand and guided it into her pants. Kylo inhaled, watching her direct his fingers. He felt overwhelmed and the pain in his chest was gone. He inserted his long fingers into her slowly, hearing her gasp. She wrapped her fingers over his exploring digits, pushing them deeper. Needing the contact, she cried, "Please." The Sith Lord grabbed her waist to help steady her increasing movements. He pushed deeper with his fingers, hearing her soft cries. His left thumb wrapped around her belly and he completely lost control. Kylo sent a wave of pressure from his palm into her stomach and she cried out. Rey cursed, feeling the Force ripple through her. It found her core with ease. She tightened against his fingers, sending them both over the edge. Kylo cursed himself, feeling embarrassed. She continued to ride his fingers. Rey would have scolded him, if she could find her voice. She desperately wanted him inside her, having an ache that needed to be satisfied. Kylo breathed heavily, still hard. His fingers pulled at her waistline, and Rey broke her rhythm just quick enough to help him. She slid out of her pants, missing his touch between her legs. The Jedi snapped Kylo's belt off and freed his stiff member. The two locked eyes and Kylo's blood surged, feeling harder than ever. He sat up from the waist and pushed his body on top of hers. She fell into the grass and dirt, pulling him on top. She wanted to warn him to take it easy, but Rey kissed him eagerly instead. Kylo pulled her hips towards him and slowly entered. Rey inhaled, feeling him stretch her. She throbbed with need, urging him deeper. Her eyes shut tight, feeling every breath between them. The Sith Lord pressed his whole body into hers. Chest to chest, they shared a deep kiss. Her fingers tangled in his hair again and he pulled back just a little. He searched her eyes, seeing her desire for him. "You can take whatever you want..." Rey said through the Force. Kylo felt her stretch and warm up to his size. He moved gently at first. She gasped and pulled his hair tighter. "You won't break me." She said aloud, biting his lip and drawing blood. Kylo Ren smiled, slowly grinding his hips. He felt their connection ache with every thrust. Rey wrapped her legs tightly around him, eventually finding a reckless rhythm. Back on the Finalizer, Rey marched Kylo Ren into the med bay. He needed to get looked at and the command shuttle was out of medical supplies. The second they got on board, he pulled her into a darkened corridor. Despite her protests, that delayed his medical treatment further. She was deeply concerned about his wounds now. Her cheeks were still red, pulling him to the nearest examination table. Kylo Ren sat down on the table, leaning towards her. He smiled and she couldn't help but grin widely in return. She wrapped his fingers in her hand, waiting for the medic. Rey didn't want to think about the future, outside of this moment. The medic nervously approached Kylo Ren. He had been avoiding the Sith Lord since he got chased out of the med bay the last time. "He needs help right away," she said, trying to hurry the timid doctor along. As the makeshift bandages unraveled, Rey's legs weakened. She wanted to see Kylo's bare chest again. The material pulled away and she couldn't believe what she saw. "What?" He said softly to her. Rey pushed the medic out of the way and rubbed her hand across his chest. "Your healed…" she said, her voice sounded hoarse. She continued to inspect his chest, making the medic uncomfortable. Kylo looked down at his chest, "uh yeah," he said, without realizing. Rey felt her skin tingle again, as her hand traveled up to his neck. "How is this possible?" She asked, parting her lips and scrunching her eyebrows. The Sith Lord pulled her hand to his lips and kissed it. "I'm not sure." He said, unconcerned. Kylo had everything he needed in front of him. "Earlier yesterday, you had broken ribs too. I know you did." She said, recalling the Tower. Rey squinted at him, trying to read his thoughts. This time, he wasn't hiding anything from her. Kylo Ren slid off the table. "Weren't you suppose to get her breakfast?" He asked the medic, who suddenly looked ill and ran out of the room. "Are you going to go get it, or—" Kylo asked as the medic disappeared. Rey ran her fingers across his chest again, feeling his definition. "I don't understand." She said, biting her lip. Kylo had never had this ability before, even when he was training to be a Jedi. "I love it when you do that." He said, kissing just below her earlobe. Rey let him wrap both arms around her, feeling kisses down her neck. "How long were we on that moon anyway?" He smirked, staring into her eyes. General Phasma came into the med bay. "Sir." She said, startling them. Kylo went from tender to furious in a flash. "General, I swear…" He started but then paused. The Sith Lord turned and stared off into the distance. "Skywalker." Kylo said aloud. "Sir, the fleet is under attack." Phasma stated. "We've been trying to hail your comm." She continued. Kylo Ren had crushed it earlier, when Hux interrupted them the first time. Running to a bin in the corner, he found a black shirt that they kept for him in the med bay. He often needed changes of clothes. Pulling on the shirt, "I'll meet you on the flightdeck." Kylo said, his pulse racing. Phasma nodded and left. Rey's eyes watered and she rubbed her hand across her forehead. "Kylo." She said weakly. She felt the Resistance fleet engaging the Finalizer. The Jedi had run out of time. She should have seen this coming and asked for more time. Kylo wrapped his arm around her waist and kissed her deeply. It took her breath away, disrupting her train of thought. "They don't know you're with me, Rey." He said, desperately. Kylo stared into her eyes, believing that she was finally his. "Your lightsaber," he said pointing to it on her hip. "You want to take it back?" She asked, trying to find her voice. "No." He said, capturing both her hands in his. "Rey, it belongs in the family." Kylo's darker eyes burned into hers. They stared longingly, refusing to break away. Rey inhaled, realizing what he meant. Frightened, she lost her voice. He exhaled, hoping she'd saying something. "You may need to defend yourself." He said rushing to leave. He gave her another kiss that made her toes curl. "This conversation isn't over," he yelled, racing out of the room. Kylo was gone before she could protest. Her fingers felt her shaking lips. She was lost in a fog, trying to clear her mind again. Rey had to put a stop to this. "Master Luke." she said, crying out to the Force. Luke felt her pleas aboard the Millennium Falcon. "Rey, are you alright?" He asked as Poe landed the ship. The Falcon was parked discreetly on the side of the Finalizer. Nearby, the battle intensified. Long flashes of green and red passed in every direction. "You have to call off the attack. I need more time." She said, desperately. Rey wrapped both arms around her shoulders, embracing herself. "Rey, we're already here. The whole fleet is creating a diversion for you to escape." Luke said, exiting the cockpit. The old Jedi scratched his beard, wondering what the issue was. "Ben Solo can be saved." She said aloud, feeling her lips tremble. "I'm certain." Master Luke paused, stunned. He was completely at a loss for words. Finn and Poe shoved their stormtrooper helmets on and looked at the Jedi Master. "What's wrong?" Asked Finn through the helmet's speaker. Luke inhaled, looking into the stormtrooper visors. "Rey. We'll figure it out later." He said through the Force. The Jedi Master headed for the lower gun array. Taking advantage of the new docking arm that they installed, Luke used the Force to pull the hatch open. The Jedi Master placed his hand on the cold exterior of the Star Destroyer. The seal of the docking arm held tightly in place. "Maybe Han would be proud of this after all." He said to himself. In the back of his mind, his thoughts turned to Ben Solo. "I hope this doesn't lead us right into a prison cell." Poe laughed and smacked Finn on the top of the helmet. Luke pulled out his lightsaber and carved into the Star Destroyer. In under a minute, the hull piece collapsed into the Finalizer. The crude entrance was clear of enemies, opening up to a wide corridor. "Okay let's get in there and get our girl back." He said, hopping into the new entryway. Finn and Poe followed. "I'll stand guard here." Luke said, raising his lightsaber up. "Rey appears to be in the med bay." He said, closing his eyes and searching for her. "Damn." Said Finn, hoping she was okay. "Med bay is this way," he shouted. Poe followed his lead. They both disappeared, running with blasters in hand. Across the ship, Kylo Ren and Phasma split off. She headed to the flight deck and he accelerated for the bridge. "What's our status?" Asked Kylo Ren, sneaking up on everyone. Hux was crouched over a viewscreen and turned around quickly. "Where have you been, Lord Ren?" He asked in a huff. The entire Resistance fleet had just arrived in the Karthurn system. The First Order only had three Destroyers in the vicinity and were not prepared for an attack this size. "They're engaging the Star Destroyers we had waiting in the system," Hux yelled, as a TIE Fighter spun and narrowly missed the bridge window. "They must have seen through your trap and decided to spring it. They've caught us looking in the wrong direction, General Hux." Kylo Ren said, annoyed. Kylo Ren reach his hand out and summoned the lightsaber from his belt. "And you've maneuvered the Finalizer closer to the battle." He stated, feeling his anger rise. "We had to send all our TIE fighters to assist. The fleet is outnumbered here, 2:1." Hux yelled, seeing holograms light up all around him. The Sith Lord clenched his free hand. "The Finalizer was suppose to be the bait, not the other way around." He barked. "You've played into Skywalker's hands." "What does that mean?" Hux asked, turning red. He didn't have time for Kylo Ren to be vague. "General Phasma." Lord Ren said, grabbing a comm link from another officer. "Yes, Lord Ren." She replied, from the flight deck. "Have any of our ships returned in the past few minutes?" He asked, amid the sounds of alarms blaring. "Yes, sir. One shuttle just passed through the forcefield. It's been damaged." She said. Phasma was staring right at it, watching it land. "General. Destroy that ship." He ordered, putting the comlink in his shirt. Kylo Ren stormed out of the bridge. "Where are you going?" Hux yelled, panic-stricken. "To protect what's mine." Kylo growled. He gripped the lightsaber tighter, igniting the deadly flame. The shuttle ramp opened and a dozen stormtroopers hopped out. Phasma had her troops at the ready but hesitated. The men exiting the ramp looked like hers. They marched in file towards Phasma's firing squad. The General noticed something wasn't right. The approaching troopers palmed grenades and threw them into her squadron. "Fire." shouted Phasma in surprise. Explosions ripped through the flight deck, throwing stormtroopers everywhere. The traitors began firing their blasters in her direction. They fanned out, making it difficult to discern friend from foe. "Sir." Phasma cried into her communicator. "Our own men are firing at us!" She yelled. "That's because they are under the influence of Luke Skywalker." He muttered under his breath. Kylo Ren entered the flightdeck and began deflecting laser blasts. With an outstretched hand he lifted two of the traitors high in the air. Closing his fist, the stormtroppers bent backwards at a 90 degree angle. Their backs snapped loudly, over the sounds of explosions and lasers. The Sith Lord moved quickly in a zigzag pattern, plunging his lightsaber into the remaining traitors. Phasma witnessed his attack, watching the raw power of Kylo Ren. When the last stormtrooper fell, he glared at her. "Don't ever disobey my orders again." He warned, stomping out of the flightdeck. She acknowledged and radioed for additional troops. Rey felt Kylo Ren's anger and ran towards him. She used her feelings to guide her in the large, maze like corridors. The Jedi didn't know what she would say when she found him. She just knew she had to convince him to come with her. "Rey." Yelled a voice from behind her. The Jedi came to a stop and turned. Finn took off his helmet and she couldn't believe he was there. Rey ran to her old friend. "Finn." She said, giving him a quick hug. "You came for me," she smiled. "I'm here too." Said Poe Dameron, keeping the helmet on. The cocky pilot checked the corridors surrounding them for stormtroopers. There were too many angles to cover in this spot. "We should probably go, guys." He warned. "We're getting you out of here." Finn said, watching her expression change. "No. You guys don't understand," she said. "I have to get Kylo Ren." Rey said, her mouth went dry. Finn squinted his eyes at her. "I can't leave without him." she stated. From over Poe's shoulder came blaster fire. "Traitors," yelled a stormtrooper, waving for backup. "This is a bad spot to be in," said Poe, pulling out his blaster and returning fire. There were corridors all around them, including the long one straight ahead. Rey pulled out her lightsaber and deflected the incoming shots. Finn and Poe fanned out behind her, firing at the stormtroopers around the corner. Two storm troopers fell and the others took cover down the hall. "We need to go this way," shouted Finn nodding to the longest tunnel. "Wait." Rey said, her voice in a panic. She felt him . Kylo Ren was staring at all three of them from the end of the long corridor. Sensing Rey was in danger, he cut off their escape. Poe and Finn raised their blasters. "I'd love some payback." Poe stated, ready to fire. Finn and Poe fired before Rey could stop them. The blue laser blasts froze in the air, halfway to their target. The Jedi kept her eyes on Kylo Ren, stunned that this was happening. "Not this again." Poe stated. He and Finn moved to the side and fired again. The laser blasts froze in midair too, vibrating in place. Kylo kept his eyes focused on Rey's. He looked confused, reading her. She had a hurt look on her face, wanting to say something. She just couldn't find the words. The Sith Lord raised his hand and redirected the blasts. The blue lasers aimed right for Finn and Poe. Rey used the Force to throw her friends out of danger. With a loud crack, the blasts hit the wall harmlessly. Kylo Ren narrowed his eyes at her and took a few steps forward. "What are you doing, Rey?" He said aloud, feeling his heart race. He turned his hand over, extending his palm. "Take my hand." He said, hoping to coax her away from her friends. He walked a few steps closer to her, noticing her eyes were wet. "Please, take my hand." He said, again. Rey shook, her eyes flooding with tears. She understood what her choice was going to costing her. "I'm sorry." She said, whispering to him. Rey summoned Finn's blaster to her hand. She aimed it for the control panel in the middle of the long corridor. Kylo Ren stalked forward, knowing she wouldn't fire at him. Rey fired twice and destroyed the control panel. Blast doors from all sides dropped into place, separating the Sith Lord from her and her friends. "That was our way back to the Falcon." Finn said, getting to his feet. "What do we do now?" He asked. The Jedi turned away from her friends, unable to answer Finn. She wiped her eyes and inhaled, collecting herself. Poe looked at Rey closely. "Well, there is the shuttle on the flight deck, but we'll have to fight our way to it." Hopefully the First Order didn't destroy it , he thought. "Are you with us, Rey?" Finn asked, placing his hand on her shoulder. She was more upset than he ever recalled seeing her. "Lead the way." She said, finding her voice. The Jedi ran after them, with her lightsaber angled behind her. Kylo Ren put his hand on the thick blast door. "Skywalker." He cursed, sensing the old man's presence behind him. The Sith Lord could go for Rey, or he could murder Luke once and for all. Taking a few steps back, he reached out with the Force. He thought about Rey, and bombarded the door with waves of Force Pushes. The blast door caved in, shaking the level. Rey felt Kylo's power as she entered the flight deck. It gave her goosebumps. Finn and Poe took cover, getting fired at by Phasma's reinforcements. Poe yanked his helmet off, so he could see better. The Jedi used the Force, pushing cargo crates onto the firing stormtroopers. The tumbling crates sent the enemy scattering. Rey pursued them, trying to clear a path for her friends. "Luke, you better get on the Falcon and get the hell out of here. We're getting Rey out on the shuttle." Poe said into his communicator. He leaned to the side of his crate and fired. His shot hit a stormtrooper in the process of throwing a grenade. The explosion sent four bodies soaring in the air. Pushing forward, Rey deflected the last of the incoming fire. The few remaining stormtroopers fell, getting hit by their own shots. Finn and Poe ran to the shuttle at full speed. The Jedi knight covered them, expecting another batch of troops to come rushing in. Rey expected to face more resistance on the flight deck. Poe fired the main engines to the shuttle and lifted it into the air. He made the shuttle turn 180 degrees, facing the exit. Finn called to Rey from the top of the ramp. "We have to go." He yelled down to her. The Jedi closed her eyes, searching for Kylo Ren. All she felt was darkness and it weighed on her. "Hurry Rey," Finn shouted firing his weapon. The stormtroopers had regrouped with two sets of turrets. Rey opened her eyes and jumped onto the ramp of the shuttle, with her lightsaber out. Finn yelled at Poe to close the ramp and punch it. Poe hit on the ramp controls which refused his commands. "Uh oh." He yelled. "The ramp won't close." He stated, trying to figure out the problem. Rey raised her lightsaber prepared to deflect the incoming turret fire. The turrets blasted away, sending a barrage of blue rays into the shuttle. Rey deflected everything she could, stopping anything from coming into the ship. Suddenly, the firing stopped. The stormtroopers and turrets lifted up in the air and smashed into the fight deck. The Jedi inhaled, staring directly at Kylo Ren. He was on the observation deck, preventing the shuttle from leaving. When the stormtroopers fired on the love of his life, he retaliated. She got butterflies in her stomach, as Kylo lept over the railing onto the flight deck. The Sith Lord stretched his hand out, pulling the shuttle towards him. Rey watched in horror as the shuttle moved in reverse. It was like getting caught in a tractor beam. Poe cursed in the cockpit, punching on the accelerator. "Something's overriding the controls." He yelled. Rey clenched her jaw, staring at Kylo Ren with glassy eyes. "Ben." She whispered. The Jedi knight waved her hand, countering his Force Grip. Kylo Ren felt the strength of his Force Grip rebound and throw him backwards. Poe got control of the ramp and closed it. Rey grabbed her chest, watching Kylo Ren hit the flight tower and fall to the deck. His lanky body landed into a three point stance, reeling from the impact. He breathed heavily, staring into her eyes. The shuttle door closed, breaking their stare. With a faint pop, the shuttle was gone. The Sith Lord rested on his knees. Alone, he shouted at the top of his lungs. His scream was primal and shook the flight deck. Every dead body, piece of equipment and cargo crate lifted in the air. He punched his right hand into the floor, hurling everything out the force field and into outer space. General Phasma bravely approached him a few minutes later. Kylo Ren stood to his feet, looking out into the stars in front of him. Rey was somewhere in the galaxy, reuniting with the Resistance. He would be relentless in his pursuit. "General Phasma, get me a new mask." Kylo Ren said, feeling like himself again. Notes: This is the hardest chapter I've ever had to write. I was agonizing over it, from the very start of this story. Thank you for making it this far. You're comments and favs drive me. Yes, that was a proposal. Sigh. Some may notice that Rey didn't end up against that tree. She knew what was coming and dodged it. Maybe the future is subject to change. Chapter 21 : Backlash Summary: Rey left Kylo Ren and he is pissed. He's willing to do some unthinkable things to punish the Resistance. Rey faces a new challenge and has to consider how that changes their relationship. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Your lightsaber." Kylo Ren said, looking at the sword that belonged to the Skywalker lineage. Rey was suddenly worried he was going to take it back. Instead, Kylo took Rey's hands in his and searched her eyes. "Rey, it belongs in the family." Kylo said, wishing he had more time. He had a question on the tip of his tongue but the moment wasn't quite right. The Resistance was fighting to infiltrate the ship. They wanted to take the love of his life away from him. The Sith Lord wasn't going to let that happen. Kylo spent years searching for Rey. Being away from her, filled him with emptiness and drove his obsession. He travelled to countless systems and threatened so many people. Every opportunity the young knight received, he took advantage of. He believed she would be found with Luke, learning the basics. His uncle knew that two Jedi were easier to find than one. The Jedi master hid Rey on a junkyard, making sure Kylo Ren would never find her. Rey stared into his dark eyes, understanding everything he had gone through. She felt alone every night on Jakku. She realized Kylo must have been feeling lonely as well. Considering all of this, Rey lost her voice. What Kylo was saying, or about to say, made her nervous. He was going to ask for her hand in marriage. It caught her off completely off guard and she froze. Running out of time, Kylo had to go to work. He had to slay and inflict his will on her friends. Her lover would do terrible things, so they would never be apart again. Rey stood there speechless, watching him run out the med bay doors. Rey snapped out of her memory, pulling on the controls to the stolen shuttle. Her heart was racing and she straightened herself, sitting up. The Jedi could feel Finn and Poe lurking in the background. Finn wanted to come in and speak with her, but he wisely chose to give her some space. The trio were headed to a deserted planet to meet up with Luke Skywalker and ditch the shuttle. Rey pulled the First Order ship out of hyperspace, seeing the small planet come into view. She didn't know what she was going to say to Luke, or any of them for that matter. The connection she with Kylo Ren was a difficult thing to explain. What they shared and how she felt, went against Jedi teachings. She worried that Luke wouldn't instruct her anymore and that he may go into seclusion again. The frightening thing was, her connection with Kylo Ren felt disjointed. It was prickly and unstable; it buzzed her ears like an insect. Poe cleared his throat and gave Rey a gentle nod. "I can take over, if you want." The dashing pilot slipped into the copilot's chair. He gave Rey a warm smile. Finn kept an eye on them, wishing he was out of the stormtrooper uniform. It cut into his neck and didn't fit him properly. He forgot how suffocating the armor was. The uniforms felt like their own brand of brainwashing, meant to breed compliance and squash individuality. Thinking about Kylo Ren made him want to kick the helmet, at his feet. Finn wondered what feelings Rey had for her captor. He stopped himself from acting out, hearing Rey and Poe speak quietly. "I know what I saw and I know you need your space." Poe said gently, nodding at Rey. "You're with friends again. You're with family and that's what matters." Poe smiled, looking at her sparkling eyes. Rey did her best to smile in response. "Everything else, we'll figure out. You don't have to do it alone." Poe said. He detested Kylo Ren and had a hard time picturing Rey developing feelings for that thug. However, her demeanor said it all. The pilot wasn't in any position to pass judgement on someone else's love life. Finn listened the conversation and clenched his jaw. Poe was right, he realized walking towards the cockpit. Rey wasn't alone in this. He'd be there for her, no matter what. "Hey." Finn said, looking down at Rey. "Hey, Finn." Rey replied, feeling a little better. "Did Poe tell you about General Organa's new assistant?" Finn asked, grinning at his friends. "No." Rey said, smirking at the copilot. Poe turned red and squinted at Finn. His best friend was subtly reminding him not to "cozy up" to Rey too much. "Alena has a this thing for arrogant pilots," Finn laughed, punching Poe playfully in the shoulder. "So, of course, Poe introduced himself as the greatest pilot in the galaxy." "It's like the fifth assistant the General has had over the years. I've dated them all now...and weirdly the first four passed away," Poe said, looking suddenly bewildered. He hadn't considered that part before and the revelation slipped out. Rey's smile turned into a look of horror. "Uh, he's kidding about that, Rey. But if he wasn't...we should probably warn Alena." Finn said, wanting to kick Poe in the shins. Finn knew for sure one of the assistants perished, when Starkiller attacked the Republic. Poe gave him a quick glance, shifting his lower jaw awkwardly to one side of his face. My bad , he thought. Finn looked away, shaking his head. Rey laughed, thinking it was a joke. She was happy to have something else to distract herself. Poe and Finn smiled at the young Jedi. Seeing her light up a little, was a welcome relief. "How did you guys get on board the Finalizer, anyway?" She asked, grinning widely. "We modded out the Falcon so it could attach to any Star Destroyer. Luke cut a hole right into the ship and we hopped in." Said, Finn. "I came up with that genius of an idea." Poe said, leaning a little closer to Rey. "But Finn came up with something even better." He continued, giving his friend credit. Rey's eyes lit up, looking at them both. The lights aboard the Finalizer flickered and shut off completely. General Hux was huddled over a hologram with his advisors, when all the computer systems started powering down as well. Emergency lights kicked in, making everyone on the bridge look like a silhouette. "What happened to the power?" Hux asked, wondering what else could go wrong. His men started pulling panels off consoles, trying to find the source of the issue. The Finalizer jerked to an abrupt stop. The emergency systems were doing their job, designed to take over if helms were down. For now, the Destroyer was saved from dropping out of orbit. Officers and engineers scurried about the bridge, bumping into each other in the dark. They diligently worked with pocket flashlights to inspect breakers and wiring. "Com links went down as well," shouted an officer. "We can't transmit distress calls." "Then get to engineering and sort it out," snapped General Hux. "It must be a problem there." The Resistance abandoned their attack, leaving before First Order reinforcements could arrive. Hux quietly breathed a sigh of relief, realizing that his flagship was completely defenseless. He wasn't sure how the other two Star Destroyers faired. They were suppose to be part of his ambush but all those plans backfired. If the Resistance were smart, they would have finished the job , Hux thought. He wanted to retaliate. The general would use every ship in his slimy grasp to do so. Hux knew this loss would look bad for him. He was already trying to figure out who he could blame this failure on. Kylo Ren , he smirked. "When we get power and communications back up, I need a full status report on the Finalizer and our entire fleet." Hux said, straightening his posture. "We need to take stock of every vessel and regroup. Reach out to General Nujaris and tell him to bring his Star Destroyer here, for immediate backup." The officers next to Hux complied and scurried away. The general adjusted his jacket, feeling it was in disarray. Commander Mitaka came running up beside him, nearly tripping over his feet. "Is there anything you need from me, sir?" He asked. "When it's doable, I want all security footage reviewed. From every deck on this ship, going back twenty four hours. If something seems out of place, I need to know about it." Hux said, lowering his voice. Commander Mitaka nodded. "What is it we're looking for, sir?" He asked. "You'll know when you see it." Hux replied, keeping his suspicions to himself. He hurried out of the bridge before someone else could stop him. The pasty general ducked into his living quarters. His room was just as dark as the rest of the ship. It had a strange odor, which he figured was due to the current lack of air circulation. He stumbled, trying to find the small chair in the corner. Sinking as deeply into it as he could, Hux sighed. He felt the tension in his shoulders slowly drift away. Resting his eyes, outlines of holograms danced in his mind. This usually happened when he stared at the bright imagery for too long. A flickering sound came overhead and his room regained its power. "Excellent." Hux said out loud, keeping his eyes closed. We must have power restored throughout the ship. He thought. Reluctantly, he considered returning to the bridge. Hux opened his eyes and looked across his room. He sprang out of his chair in complete shock. His room had been completely trashed. The Resistance had the audacity to rub his nose in their successful mission. Most of his furniture and possessions were thrown across the room. There was black spray paint scribbled along the walls. A large message was written out in all caps. "MAZ KANATA SAYS HELLO." Hux read, feeling his cheeks burning. Underneath the message, was about a dozen or so pairs of his underpants. They were strung together, like festive decor. The solid white undies sagged across the middle. There was also a pair of red thong underwear, that Hux was secretly keeping. The general yanked the whole display down and cursed the Rebellion's name. Back on the shuttle, Rey burst into a fit of laughter. Poe and Finn were already laughing, trying to get through the story. "How did you have time to pull that off?" She asked in between giggles. "Concussion grenades for the first part. There was a battle going on outside so, no one noticed. Then we saw all this underwear fly everywhere." Finn said, his sides hurting from laughing. Poe smirked, taking over the Falcon. Entering the planet's atmosphere, he was happy to give Finn a chance to make her laugh. After a few minutes of flying over dense jungles, a clearing opened ahead. Rey's smile faded, looking at the distinct shape of the Millennium Falcon. While she was happy to be back with her friends, the Falcon was a sobering reminder of her responsibilities as a Jedi. She was devoted to the fight against the Dark Side and that would mean stopping Kylo Ren. Luke Skywalker was outside, walking into the tree line. Artoo was close by, unable to follow him into the jungle. Rey inhaled deeply. Her Master wanted to speak with her alone. She needed to come clean on a few things and get some answers of her herself. Exiting the shuttle, Rey gave Finn a hug. "Give us a few minutes," she said, loud enough so only he could hear. Poe passed them and knelt by Artoo. The droid beeped in the background, having a message from Alena. Rey rubbed Finn's upper arm, giving him a slight smile. "I'm thankful you came for me." She said, smiling at her best friend. "Poe and I can get changed and we'll be ready to take off. We'll leave when you get back." Finn returned her smile. He was happy to see Rey acting like herself again. The Jedi left him, heading in the path that Luke Skywalker traveled. The Jungle was humid, making her skin glisten, almost immediately. Rey wondered where Luke had gone off to. She followed his footsteps, leading into a tall trench. The path ahead grew tighter and in a serpentine shape. It was a bad spot to be in, especially if she encountered anything unfriendly. Rey stopped, feeling a presence draw near. She felt cold and in danger. The alarming sound of a lightsaber ignited nearby. It's high hiss was followed by two quieter ones. She recognized that lightsaber, hearing it's reverberating hums grow louder. Rey's eyes widened, looking in every direction. The Jedi was determined to eliminate any blind spot. A dark figure approached from the rear. His crossguard lightsaber was burning ominously at his side. Kylo Ren had tracked Rey down. The Sith Lord adorned his mask, studying her with lifeless eyes. Rey's heart leapt in her chest. Her expression hardened, igniting her sword. "What have you done with Master Luke?" She said, finding strength in her voice again. Kylo Ren reached for Rey, just like he did on the Finalizer. He wanted her to take his hand and leave. The Jedi held her ground and repeated the question. He tilted his head at her, refusing to respond. Kylo raised his sword, bringing it down onto hers. Rey pushed back against the blade, breaking contact. She jumped from wall to wall in the narrow trench, avoiding his blows. "Wait." Rey shouted, narrowly avoiding his deadly saber. She stayed on the walls, maneuvering around him. Kylo kept his shoulders down at his sides, seemingly unimpressed. The Jedi feigned another flip, getting him to lunge in the wrong direction. Rey held her ground and slashed into his exposed right shoulder. Kylo cried out, grabbing his wound. Rey followed with a Force Push, slamming him into the jungle walls. Soil and rocks kicked up from the impact. Kylo tumbled onto his back. Rey summoned his lightsaber, ripping it from his grasp. The Jedi looked into the lifeless mask of her love. "I won't kill you Kylo Ren, I have too much compassion for life." She said, keeping her chin up. Rey wasn't sure if he had killed Luke or not. The Jedi felt this was the right call, despite everything they had been through. She cared deeply for him but she needed to be strong here. "Take off that mask," Rey ordered, keeping her blade by his throat. Kylo sat on his knees, defeated. He reached up and released the clips on either side. With a hiss the, mask came off his head. Rey inhaled, looking at his face. It looked like Kylo Ren but something was off. She squinted a little, studying the younger face in front of her. There wasn't a scar. This young man's nose was different, a little less pronounced. His jaw was slightly wider too, but only just enough for Rey to notice. "Who are you?" She asked him, lowering the lightsaber at his face. Rey was suddenly washed over with goosebumps, unsure what this all meant. The young man's eyes burned into hers. They were lighter than Kylo Ren's, but somehow very familiar. He didn't speak a word, suddenly fading away. Rey reached for him, gasping. The crossguard saber she tucked into her waist, was also gone. Feeling eyes on her, Rey quickly turned. Luke Skywalker stood about ten feet above her, observing the fight below. Master and student locked eyes. He gave Rey a slight nod and motioned for her to join him. Rey climbed up the jungle wall, leaving the trench behind. The two Jedi stood face to face, reading each other. These were her trials , Rey realized, staring at Luke's worn face. "Kneel, Rey." Luke Skywalker said, his eyes welling up. Rey obliged, dropping to a knee. She bowed her head, her mind racing. "By the will of the Force, I dub thee Knight of the Republic." Luke stated. The green glow of his lightsaber passed over her shoulders, from side to side. "It's your duty to uphold peace and justice throughout the galaxy. You may take a padawan learner, imparting the teachings of the Jedi Order. In time, you will rebuild the Jedi Council, training the next generation." Rey felt a surge of pride, standing up as Luke backed away. The Jedi Master killed the blade on his saber and smiled at her. "I know you have questions and we still have a mission to accomplish. Your feelings for Kylo Ren could have led you down a very different path." He said, his smile fading a little. "But you chose to come back to us. And you made the right decisions during the final trial." Master Luke watched Rey's expression closely. Her eyes saddened a little thinking about Kylo Ren. "Do you need to talk about it?" He asked, watching her shift uncomfortably. She felt awkward and emotional, reflecting on the past few hours. "There were these moments when we were together andI saw a glimmer of hope. Where he wasn't acting like a Sith or a Knight of Ren. The darkness hasn't consumed him." Rey said, swallowing the lump in her throat. Luke remained quiet. "Kylo healed himself from a pretty vicious wound. He also recovered from breaking several ribs. On both occasions, his recovery time was incredible. Far beyond my skills." Rey said, feeling hoarse. As she spoke, a thought slipped into her mind. Following both injuries, Rey and Kylo were intimate. The first time, they were interrupted. But Rey knew where that would have gone. Kylo was passionate, assertive and she eventually crumbled. Rey enjoyed it too, her cheeks reddening just thinking about it. How do I explain this part to Luke? She thought, her as forehead creased. Luke put his robotic hand on her shoulder, walking back towards the Falcon. Rey wasn't sure what to say. "If you really believe Ben Solo can be saved, we'll discuss it with the others." Luke said, raising the hood on his robes. "Others?" Rey asked, walking alongside him. "You mean General Organa and Finn?" She asked. "No," he said softly. "We'll ask Anakin Skywalker and Obi Wan Kenobi, when we visit them." Luke said, continuing to walk. Rey froze stiffly, shocked at his statement. Kylo Ren sat in the darkened corner of the armory, watching sparks grinding nearby. His new mask needed some last minute alterations. The Sith Lord destroyed the lights above him, wanting to remain hidden until he had his mask on. Was she playing me this whole time? Kylo wondered. When Rey showed up on L'kya, he was certain she was there to kill him. But things started changing the more time they spent with each other. Closing his eyes tightly, Kylo could almost feel Rey embracing him again. His arms missed holding her. It was like a soft blanket had been taken away, leaving him cold again. And she left so...willingly , Kylo thought. He reached out to her in the corridor and she wouldn't take his hand. Even when he asked, she closed the door on him. Chasing Rey to the flight deck, he almost had her. She managed to counter his abilities; something he hoped to teach her one day. But Rey watched him enough times to do it on her own. "Rey is a Jedi Knight. I'm in love with a Jedi Knight," he said quietly. The Sith Lord stood up, growing impatient. Before the engineer could tell him it was finished, Kylo yanked the mask away. Pulling it over his face, he buried his affections. He was untouchable again. Kylo left the armory, ready for war. "General Phasma." He said, speaking into his helmet's communicator. "Yes, Lord Ren." She replied. Phasma was on the flight deck, personally checking all incoming shuttles and TIE fighters. She didn't want a repeat of what happened earlier. "What's the status of the Finalizer?" He asked, increasing his long strides. "One to two days minimum. There's light hull damage from the assault, which needs repairing before hyperspace travel. But it's the override commands that the Resistance installed into the computers—that is the big concern." She replied. "What's that?" He asked, stopping for a moment. "Luke Skywalker, sir. Before he left, he input a drive into a data terminal. It's possible, our captured engineers aboard the Thrive gave him coding." She said, hoping Kylo wouldn't strangle the messenger. The Sith Lord let out a chuckle. "Such a productive day for the Resistance. It doesn't matter. We're leaving the ship. Take a couple pilots and let's go." Kylo said, altering his course for the flight deck. "Leave now, sir?" She asked. "It's time to implement Backlash ." He said, savoring the words as they left his tongue. "Plan B? Are you sure this is the right time?" Phasma asked, making sure no one was in earshot. "Does the rest of the fleet know of Skywalker's attack here?" He asked, entering the flight deck. General Phasma hurried to meet him face-to-face. "Yes, sir. Our other ships in the section do, at least. Long range communications are still down. I believe they are trying to contact General Nunjaris." "The Resistance may consider this to be a victory. But I think they could have done better, don't you?" Kylo Ren asked, in a low voice. "Who knows what damage that code could have done." He said, wondering if Phasma caught his drift. "Yes...I believe the programming, could have caused major systems to fail. And that the Finalizer crew, didn't catch everything in time." Phasma said, looking at her troops running across the flight deck. "All hands lost. Now that sounds like an inspiring war cry." Kylo Ren said with an edge to his voice. He walked towards his command shuttle. General Phasma followed him, grabbing two pilots to come along with her. "You would test your abilities on this ship, Sir? It could be useful moving forward," she said, stepping onto the command shuttle. "You're about to inherit an entire fleet, General. Like we've always discussed. You'll have far more stormtroopers to command." Kylo Ren said, looking down at her from the top of the shuttle. Phasma nodded and climbed in. "What about the Supreme Leader and General Hux?" Phasma said, as the ramp door closed. "General Hux is the only one that knows his location." She said, sounding concerned. Kylo Ren stared at her for a moment. There was one thing he needed from Hux and that was Snoke's location. "Perhaps, there is another way to inspire the First Order." He said. Kylo could feel General Hux speed walking toward the flight deck, with a small crew trailing him. The ramp door opened and Kylo Ren came stomping down. General Phasma followed, standing next to the Sith Lord. They both watched a smug faced General Hux and Commander Mitaka approach. They had two dozen stormtroopers behind them. "Lord Ren." Hux said, his lips curling. "You brought a mole onto this ship." He said, enjoying the moment. "You allowed that Jedi whore to play off your feelings and—" Hux was cut off, feeling his neck tighten. Kylo Ren closed the gap between them. He grabbed Hux with his bare hand, lifting him into the air. The Sith Lord would not use the Force, not for this. He wanted to squeeze the life out of this miserable fool, with his own fingers. "You are a pawn, Hux. You've been a dedicated servant and its time to retire." Kylo said, lifting him higher. "Fire." Hux said, barely getting the order out. The stormtroopers stood behind Command Mitaka, keeping their blasters lowered. They refused the general's commands. "I don't think they heard you, General." Kylo Ren said, pulling him closer to his mask. Hux kicked and struggled. He was powerless to break free. "You're a pawn, playing against a knight. And I have an Empire to defend." Kylo said, feeling the general's life fading away. Commander Mitaka looked wide eyed and turned to the stormtroopers. "Fire, damn you all, fire at Kylo Ren!" He shouted. Throwing his hat onto the ground, he waved wildly. "The stormtroopers follow my orders." Said General Phasma. "It's the only job you ever gave me." She said, looking from Mitaka to General Hux. "I promoted her. You never did." Kylo said sharply. Hux's eyes shut, passing out. Mitaka looked bewildered as Phasma nodded at her nearest stormtrooper. The soldier lifted the butt of his blaster and smashed it into Mitaka's head. The stubby officer face planted into the deck. "Incinerators." Phasma ordered, watching two of her men carry Mitaka away. "Sir, we need that location," Phasma said, reminding him. Hux dropped to the floor, clinging to life. Phasma waved to her troops to assist. "Save him." She ordered, watching them running for the nearest med kit. "Alert me when he's breathing again and transport him to the interrogation chamber." Phasma said. "A Coup it is, then." Kylo stated. "I was looking forward to blowing something up." He said, looking at the troops in front of him. "We can find a different way to indulge you. I didn't want to make any unnecessary sacrifices, sir. I apologize for overstepping my bounds." Phasma said. "The Finalizer is ours." She stated confidently, as he turned to look at her. "The Finalizer is yours, General." He corrected. "As soon as the other officers are eliminated." Kylo Ren said grimly. Phasma nodded and turned to face her troops. "Phase One." She said to her nearest commander. The stormtroopers turned and marched for the bridge. The sound of their boots were like music to Kylo Ren. "Phases, eh?" The Sith Lord said. "I suppose it's easier to follow along." He commented, grinning under his mask. "I want Snoke found." Kylo Ren said, turning to her. "Then I want Hux eliminated." "Yes, of course sir." Phasma stated. "I will get the information from Hux personally. But if I may sir..." She started and then stopped. Kylo Ren looked into her visor, reading her thoughts. "Snoke told me to kill Rey on two occasions," he said, sounding bitter. "Rey once asked me if I would protect her from everyone, including him. Maybe I should have told her everything then. Perhaps she would have stayed, if she knew the truth." "What was the second time, sir?" She asked. Kylo Ren looked out across the flight deck at the stars and didn't answer right away. He was trying to feel Rey's presence. Their connection was different, feeling like turbulence. The Sith Lord couldn't reach her. "Rey will know soon enough, sir." Phasma stated, taking his silence for an answer. Knowing Kylo Ren did this once and awhile, it never bothered her. "We will have an Empress, at last." She stated, sounding positive. Kylo turned his head to the side, eyeing Phasma. "The Finalizer is spared. Find something else for me to destroy." He growled, feeling stronger than ever. The Dark Side surged inside him. It was addicting and begging to be unleashed. "I will get the system that Snoke is on." She said, heading in the direction of General Hux. Kylo Ren stood on the flight deck, alone. He enjoyed this view more than anywhere else on the ship. "You were never hiding from Luke Skywalker, you coward. You've hidden from me long enough, Snoke." He said aloud. Rey was piloting the Millennium Falcon when she was blinded by a vision. Poe was riding copilot, talking her ears off. The Jedi Knight cried out, putting her fingers to her temples. She doubled over, stumbling out of the chair. "What is it, Rey?" Poe asked, deeply disturbed. He hand a hand on her back, trying to help her. "Ahh." She said, making a hissing sound. "Kylo Ren." Rey stated, trying to walk out of the cockpit. Finn came in, hearing her in pain. Rey's legs gave out and Finn and Poe caught her. "Luke!" Finn shouted. Master Skywalker came in, hovering over them. The Jedi Master pushed in between them. He cradled his hand under Rey's head. Her eyes squinted in pain and she whimpered. "Stay with us, Rey." He said, speaking calmly. Rey's eyes shot open and she sat up quickly. Luke and Finn leaned back in shock. Breathing heavily, the Jedi Knight looked at all of them. She put a foot under her, trying to stand. Finn and Luke helped her up slowly. "My connection with Kylo Ren," she said, panting. "I thought it was damaged. It's really just stronger than ever." Rey said, scrunching her face. She felt heat radiating from her body. "Kylo said this would happen." She said, her voice faded a little. "What do you mean?" Asked Finn, trying to hide his jealousy. "We've been...together," she said. Her eyes were wet, concerned with everyone's reactions. The Jedi felt like her entire body was blushing. Finn's jaw clenched and he leaned back on the side of the cockpit. Luke's eyes lowered, suspecting this had happened. "He said he couldn't hide any secrets from me, even if he tried. Our connection would be stronger, now that things had changed." Rey said, feeling embarrassed. Judging by everyone's reaction, this was the last thing anyone wanted to hear. "I need you guys to look past this and hear me out." She said, tightening her lips. "We're listening, Rey." Poe said softly. His head was lowered a bit but he kept his eyes on her. "Today wasn't the victory we thought it was." Rey said, watching Finn's expression. "Kylo Ren wanted the Resistance to attack. He wanted Luke to rescue Maz Kanata. He wanted General Hux to look bad and fail. He just didn't want me to leave." "He wants control of the First Order," said Poe. He looked at Luke and Finn to get their opinions. "It's not that simple. It never is with Kylo Ren." Rey said, trying to ignore her aching heart. All eyes were on her again. Notes: Thanks for your comments! I posted a second Reylo story - so, sorry for the delays here. I'm curious to know how many readers knew when Rey was facing her trials (and not the real Kylo Ren). Maybe a little mystery at the end of that scene. Rey is a Jedi Knight now, so I want to know how that affects their relationship. Way back in chapter 11 Kylo mentions plan B. Rey also asks him an important question about how far he'd go to protect her. So I want to get further into that. Just like in TFA, things in the First Order are not what they seem. Thanks for reading. Chapter 22 : The Storm Returned For More Summary: Kylo Ren and Rey's Force Bond is stronger than ever. Kylo Ren unleashes a terrible ability on an innocent world. How will Rey react when she realizes the extent of his abilities? Leia finally reveals a huge secret about Kylo Ren. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) General Phasma approached the bridge, wearing a brand new uniform. For the first time, a woman held command over the entire First Order fleet. She stopped to look at her reflection in window. The white jacket and black slacks deviated from the standard officer uniform. The look made her unique and easily recognizable. She straightened her short blonde hair, making sure everything was in place. Running her fingers across her ears, Phasma felt strange without her armor. The weight of the helmet lingered. It was as if her shoulders and neck missed the strain of it. The General brushed the feeling away, entering the bridge. Walking confidently, all eyes turned to her. Phasma surveyed the room, inspecting her new crewman. The unmistakable silhouette of Kylo Ren stalked the edges of the bridge, gazing into outer space. His presence was ominous and it put the supplemental crew on edge. A day earlier, Phasma ordered the Finalizer to be sanitized. Anyone loyal to General Hux was eliminated. The new batch of officers and controllers were donated from General Nujaris, who's arrival protected the wounded vessel. The crew saluted her and returned to their diligent work. The environment was saturated in a nervous energy; Phasma could sense it in among her subordinates. No doubt, they are wondering what happened to General Hux , she thought. Phasma approached the catwalk and stood behind Kylo Ren. "Lord Ren." She stated, watching the dark figure turn his head. "The fleet has arrived." Kylo responded, his voice distorted by his mask. He could sense their presence and a moment later, Star Destroyers exited hyperspace. Phasma smiled a little in response, in awe of Kylo Ren's abilities. "May I have a word, sir?" Phasma asked, wanting privacy. As they walked around the bridge, the busy crewman kept a watchful eye out for Kylo Ren. It was in their best interest to be on their toes around him. The Sith Lord followed her to an empty set of consoles in the corner. "I'm ready to address the fleet," she said turning on the monitor. Phasma punched in a code, bringing up about a dozen security feeds. "I've asked all the Generals to meet us on the flight deck. They'll be expecting answers—for everything that has happened." Phasma said in a low voice. Her gaze left the Sith Lord's mask and eyed the workers behind him. Kylo chuckled deeply. "Such weak, pathetic men. Grasping for whatever pointless promotion that eludes them. They put more faith in their ranking than in the Force. We're at war and therefore, we must rely on warriors," he said, looking out the port side windows. The Star Destroyers came alongside the Finalizer, shadowing its course. Phasma looked at Kylo Ren and kept her expression neutral. He had never spoken like this before and it was unsettling. "They will accept whatever explanation we give them. After my demonstration, they won't question either of us again. Not your promotion and certainly not our course of action." Kylo said, tilting his mask and reading her thoughts. General Phasma nodded in response. Her confidence in the next phase of 'Backlash' was reaffirmed. She pulled up a collection of saved recordings, as Kylo looked on. "I wanted you to see this. This is what Commander Mitaka showed General Hux. It prompted them to foolishly come after us on the flight deck." She said pulling up the first recording. With his hands behind his back, The Sith Lord tilted forward and watched intently. The recording showed Kylo and Rey leaving the flight deck. They had just returned from the moon and he couldn't keep his hands off her. Kylo smirked underneath the mask, watching himself on the recording. He looked so happy, wrapping his arms around Rey from behind. She tried to walk forward but found it difficult, with Kylo pressed closely behind her. His longer legs shadowed her footsteps. Grinning openly, Rey pulled him down for a kiss. Kylo Ren watched the footage, reliving it like a memory. He was envious of the man on the screen, holding Rey so tightly. For the couple on the screen, nothing else mattered. They walked out of frame, still holding each other. Phasma switched to a different clip, which showed them entering a section of dimly lit, black corridors. They were near the med bay and Rey was pulling him along by the hand. The lack of lighting in this area was inspiring, he recalled. The Sith Lord wasn't ready to get patched up yet. Pulling back on Rey's hand, Kylo coaxed her toward the dark alcove. There were several columns of pipes, obstructing a hidden work area. The Jedi held her ground, protesting and weakly fighting off his advances. Rey was worried about his injuries and wanted to get him medical attention. He had other ideas and picked her up by the waist. Kylo kissed her deeply and walked them both to the convenient blind spot. Rey wrapped her legs around him, just as their bodies disappeared from view. They wouldn't be spotted by the security feeds for some time after that. A familiar feeling stretched the Sith Lord's pants, remembering how she felt. He closed his eyes, peering in the Force to reconnect with Rey. Phasma cleared her throat, slightly uncomfortable with the scene they watched. "I'm destroying this footage." She said in a hushed voice. "The next feed is particularly damning. It's of Rey helping the Resistance escape." Phasma paused the next clip, showing Rey just after she triggered the blast doors. That terrible moment when she chose her friends over him. "No." Kylo commanded, stopping Phasma. "Send everything to my quarters." He took a closer look at the frozen image. Rey looked completely grief stricken, torn by her actions. The look on her face haunted him and made his pulse quicken. Leaning in closer, Kylo wished he could reach out and comfort his love. She doesn't want to go with them. He thought, his lips curling. During their escape, Kylo couldn't sense her feelings. He was too busy destroying everything in his path; trying desperately to get her back. Phasma looked at him in quiet disbelief. "Footage of the Empress aiding the Resistance...Sir, we must destroy this." She said, her voice trailing off. "She'll come back to me. It's her destiny." Kylo said. Seeing Rey like this, made him convinced. He was silent for a moment, before standing up straight. "Time to greet our guests." He said, sensing command shuttles landing in the flight deck. Walking to the exit, Phasma stopped and turned to her new crew. "Commander." She shouted across the bridge. "Yes, General Phasma." Responded a fresh faced young officer. "Have the rest of the fleet spread out and surround the forest moon. I want everyone in the First Order to see what happens to Endor." She said coldly, turning to leave with Kylo Ren. The entire fleet surrounded the forest moon of Endor. Kylo Ren and General Phasma stood on a small platform, looking down at the crowded flight deck. Every General in the fleet was present, accompanied by dozens of their officers. Surrounding the officers, were scores of stormtroopers. They stood at attention, lined in perfect rows. The sea of white covered every inch of the flight deck. "We suffered significant losses over the past few days. Our manufacturing wing on Entralla was discovered and sacked by the Resistance. Insulting us further, Luke Skywalker himself, led a raid aboard the Finalizer. He kidnapped one of our own and sabotaged critical systems." Phasma said, her voice echoing across the hushed audience. "Those systems couldn't recover and trapped the entire command crew on the bridge—without life support." She said, pausing for effect. The Generals and officers looked startled, exchanging glances. Kylo Ren read the group, sensing their shock and outrage at the news. They genuinely were genuinely disturbed, believing the lie. "General Hux himself, clings to life." Phasma stated, peering across the flight deck. "I made a promise to him and to Kylo Ren, that we would pursue the treacherous Resistance with every resource at our disposal." Grinning devilishly, Kylo Ren's mask hid his true feelings. The Sith Lord took a step forward on the platform. "We brought the fleet to Endor to make a point. This is where the Empire fell, all those years ago." Phasma stated, looking at Kylo Ren. "And this is where the new Empire rises." Kylo Ren shouted, his voice strained and distorted."While they have Luke Skywalker, we have the Dark Side. We control the greatest power in the galaxy." He continued, slightly raising both hands at his side. Kylo Ren levitated himself, rising ten feet above the platform. He clenched both fists tightly, bringing them close to his body. "The real war, begins here!" He yelled, summoning a blue energy field around his body. The light intensified, forcing the witnesses on the ground to look away. With a battle cry, the Sith Lord pushed both fists forward, unleashing the stored energy. The beam traveled across the flight deck, passing through the wide opening. The blue light surged, seeking the forest moon. Every stormtrooper turned around in unison, followed by the First Order officers. The beam slammed into Endor's atmosphere, exploding in a flash of light. A loud shockwave rippled throughout the forests below. Animals scurried everywhere, as a bright portal opened in the sky. "It can't be." Muttered General Nunjaris, watching the sorcerer's bizarre display. A hundred yard wide hyperspace wormhole opened in the planet's atmosphere. The officers looked on in complete shock, never witnessing a hyperspace breech like this. Shaking the entire moon, the portal stabilized. Kylo Ren remained in the air, keeping one hand on the wormhole. Endor shook to its very core. He could feel the surface cracking, piece by piece. Rocks, trees and wildlife were the first casualties, getting sucked through the hyperspace opening. The First Order looked on, watching Endor tear itself apart. The hyperspace portal was too small to transport the entire moon, so it swallowed it in small bites. The terrifying display of power, was exactly what the First Order needed. Phasma shifted her gaze to the officers beneath her. "This is the end of the Resistance." General Barr leaned in, close enough for Nujaris to hear. "This is the end of us all." Nujaris said, turning his head toward Kylo Ren. "Who would stand against us now?" Phasma shouted, watching the moon die completely. "We don't need Starkiller Base. We need leadership. And we need someone that will strike fear in the hearts of the Resistance. What chance does Luke Skywalker stand against a Sith Master?" She continued, turning to Kylo Ren. A flash of blue erupted again, choking the life from the portal. The wormhole disappeared, just as quickly as it formed. The First Order stood in silence, looking at what was left. Endor was lifeless; stripped away of its atmosphere. The surface was left shattered, exposing the fiery core. The place where Darth Vader perished, was no more. The grave site of the Empire, served as Kylo Ren's triumph. "The Dark Side." Kylo Ren declared, lowering himself on the platform. "In the hands of a true Master." All eyes trained on him, watching carefully. Without further prompting, the stormtroopers lowered themselves to one knee. They bowed their heads before Kylo Ren, displaying their loyalty. The sound of their armor and footsteps was deafening. The First Order officers looked at each other and followed suit. They removed their caps and bowed. "Supreme Leader Snoke would rather run and hide." Kylo said coldly. "He's a coward for doing so; protecting his own ass, while good men are dying." The Sith Master stated, glancing at Phasma briefly. "Well, no longer. The Force is with us. The Knights of Ren are finished. Their leader will be found and executed. It's time for the Empire to reign. The Sith control the galaxy and there will be balance to the Force!" Kylo stated, receiving a thunderous roar from the stormtroopers. The applause stunned the Generals, who gave each other quick glances. General Nujaris looked around at his fellow officers. "We're with you, Emperor Ren." He shouted, his voice crackling. Kylo Ren turned his head to Phasma and nodded. The dark figure left the General, leaving her to wrap everything up and give out new orders. Kylo Ren slipped into the empty corridors and pulled off his mask. He could hear Phasma's voice in the distance, handing out new assignments. "This should be you, Rey." He winced, feeling his muscles tighten. Crouching in a corner, the Sith Master caught his breath. Exhausted from the display of power, his hand trembled uncontrollably. He tucked it under his arm and stood upright. Muscles cramping, Kylo headed for Rey's quarters. Every step he took was more painful than the next. Kylo slammed the mask into the control panel, opening the door. The room still smelled like her. Rey felt the power of Kylo Ren. It nearly made her pass out, while flying the Falcon. She told Luke, Finn and Poe everything. She confessed the nature of their relationship, as upsetting as the truth was. Kylo Ren had always been steps ahead of the Resistance. Rey didn't see it clearly until now. "He wants control of the First Order." Poe said, trying to wrap his head around everything. "It's not that simple. It never is with Kylo Ren." She said, feeling the pain in her head cease. Her knees felt wobbly again, so she steadied herself on the nearest seat. "What did you see?" Luke asked. His tone was somber. "Kylo Ren used the Force to open a hyperspace portal. He opened the wormhole above a small moon and destroyed it." Rey said, feeling hot all of the sudden. The huddled group was stunned in silence. Frustrated, Finn hit the back of his head on a panel. "Oh you've got to be kidding me," Finn said, leaving the cockpit. Rey's eyes were watery, watching her best friend leave. Luke lowered his gaze and folded his arms. "Destroyed it? As in, completely gone?" Poe asked, squinting at her. Rey nodded in response, afraid her voice would be too shaky to respond. "Endor." Luke said quietly. "Kylo Ren attacked Endor." He repeated, letting it sink in. "How the hell is that possible?" Asked Poe, looking at Master Skywalker. Luke sighed. "When Ben was a child, he spent a lot of time learning about the Force. He stumbled across papers and journals that were missed by the Rebellion. Missed by me, as well." "Or someone put him in front of those items," said Rey, slipping into the copilot's chair. "Kylo Ren has been hinting at this for some time. He's talked about needing to unlock forgotten Force powers." she said, feeling her forehead. "He's unlocked Force Storm." Luke ran his hand over his forehead and across his scalp. "Force Storm," he repeated, agreeing with her. "I thought the ability was a myth, but I should have known better. People once said the same thing about the Force...believing that to be a myth as well. The galaxy hasn't seen this kind of power in over a thousand years." Luke spoke gravely. Poe titled his head down, shifting his eyes to Rey. She looked exhausted and worried. Finn stomped back to the cockpit's entrance. "What do we do when Kylo Ren decides to target something that's more populated?" He asked, sounding impatient. "Endor's population was mostly relocated after the Empire fell." Finn exhaled loudly, staring at the blinking lights on the flight console. Only a few Ewok villages remained. The rest joined the wookiee settlements on Kashyyyk; they would be protected from any rogue imperial retaliation. "I can put a stop to this." Rey said quietly. Poe and Finn flashed each other a glance, trying to figure out what she meant. "No, Rey." Luke responded, reading her thoughts. "We'll stop him another way. You're not going back to Kylo Ren." The Jedi Master said confidently. "I didn't take him seriously about this part. By leaving, I gave him the anger and desperation to sort it all out." Rey stood up, rubbing the back of her neck. "I need sleep. Wake me when we get there—Luke and I must to speak with every Jedi Master, that can communicate through the Force." Luke's eyes followed her as she left. Without another word, Rey climbed into the small bunk. Curled in a ball, she fell fast asleep. Master Skywalker approached her a few moments later and threw his cloak over her. Rey shifted, her eyebrows furrowed together. She was fighting to stay asleep. Luke rubbed his index finger and thumb gently over her forehead, easing the tension from her face. The old man walked back into the cockpit, to join Finn and Poe. "We'll be at the Resistance base in two hours." Poe said, turning back to look at Luke. "I want you to drop me off in the forests alone." Luke said, closing his eyes. "But Rey said—" Finn started, before getting cut off. "She needs her rest. I'm afraid her connection with Kylo Ren is taking its toll. Although I hate to admit this, I believe she must be the one to stop him. She's the only one that can." "What if she can't?" Asked Finn. "Then the galaxy will fall into the hands of the Sith." Luke replied, lowering his head. Rey drifted off to sleep. It was peaceful at first, until she felt the sensation of falling. Hitting her in the stomach, she was completely out of control. Plummeting in an endless void, the sensation tortured every cell in her body. A light pressure nuzzled her cheek. It was warm and saved her from the descent. Rey turned her face, feeling another brush along her jawline. It was a set of lips. His lips, she realized. "What," Rey said sleepily, before realizing there was a warm body snuggled up next to her. Her eyes shot wide open and she tried to sit up. Kylo Ren was squeezed in the bunk with her and silenced her scream with his lips. Closing her eyes, Rey wrapped both arms around him. She quickly found his hair, deepening the kiss. Her heart raced but she couldn't feel his. Kylo broke the kiss to look at her. "Something wrong?" He asked, needing to take a breath. Rey's eyes narrowed in response. "Aside from the fact that you destroyed a planet?" She scoffed, trying to get out from under him. He rested his hand on her stomach, keeping her in place. "No, please," he said quietly. "Let me hold you for a little longer." Rey's expression changed, looking flustered. Kylo leaned in and rested his head in between her shoulder and neck. The Jedi Knight didn't know what to make of it and leaned back in response. He seemed different , she thought. "Am I dreaming?" She asked him, closing her eyes. "No." He said softly. "I really need this right now. I needed to come home." Rey angled her head to look at him. "To the Resistance?" She asked, incredulously. "You're my home, Rey." He said, speaking softly. Her heart skipped at that. "Ben?" She asked, twisting her body to look him over. There was something different about the man speaking to her. "Is that you?" Kylo Ren stared into her eyes and took her hand. He kissed it twice, trailing down her arms. "I'm still Kylo Ren. Maybe I'm Ben Solo, as well. My predecessors may have a problem with it, but I don't. Ben was weak, but without him, there would be no Kylo Ren. And I probably never capture your heart, either." The Sith Master traced his fingertips up Rey's torso. She grabbed his wrist, stopping him from stimulating her further. "So what's this suppose to be? Our connection is stronger than ever, so you can visit me anytime?" She asked, keeping her voice down. The realization of this made her knees weaken and gave her butterflies. Rey felt her body aching for Kylo Ren. "It's not enough, is it? Holding you close helps, but it will never be as good as the real thing." Kylo put his lips close to her ears, hoping to attack her earlobes. Rey wrapped her small fingers around his throat, holding his lips in place. "You don't get to destroy a planet and come home to me. Let's make that very clear." She said sternly. "It was a moon but I suppose I get the point." He smirked a little and Rey's fingers tightened in response. "You know I can take whatever I want." He said, repeating the same line that was forever burned into her memory. Rey clenched her jaw in response. "I've stood over you, holding a lightsaber to your neck, on several occasions. Do you really want to test me now?" Rey said, narrowing her eyes into his. She refused to tighten her grip further, but she didn't release it either. Kylo Ren pinned her hand against the wall and slipped his long thigh between both her legs. Rey strained against him, trying to buck him off. She could feel his excitement grow and it instantly affected her. The Jedi gasped, feeling heat radiating uncontrollably from within. "Our bond, remember?" He asked with an arrogant smirk. She rolled her eyes in response, hating the power he held over her. "You're the only one that's ever seen a sweeter side to me. I should have known you'd prefer this." He taunted. His lips were close to her ear and it melted her. She grabbed a fistful of hair and pulled him into her neckline. Rey bucked against his thigh and groaned. "Refrain. You're ruining the mood." She said, whimpering into his ear. Her skin felt on fire, desire glossing over her eyes. "I'm going to have fun with this." He snickered, slipping his free hand under her shirt. Rey groaned, cursing his slow descent down her stomach. "You don't need to use that horrible trick of yours." She said, using their connection. "Don't cheat me of this, Ben." she said, hoping to get a rise out of him. In response, he pressed his thigh deeper into her. Giving her more friction, Rey moaned loudly. The sound was nearly loud enough to be heard in the cockpit. "Quietly now, Jedi. Do you want the whole crew to know your Sith boyfriend is in here, fucking you?" He hissed. Kylo Ren didn't care either way but enjoyed teasing her. Stifling a moan, Rey buried her face into his neck. Kylo pulled her pants down, feeling her need building. The Jedi slipped underneath him, her free hand trying to help. "You're using me to heal." She said desperately. Maybe there wasn't light in him after all? The Force Storm left him weakened. She thought, feeling used. Her body did nothing to stop his advances. "I'd be here either way." He said, his voice trailing off. "I'm here because I love you." He hissed into her ear, accepting her earlobe between his teeth. Rey gasped, feeling him enter her. She buried her head into his chest, feeling the full weight of his body, pressing down into her. Her rough nails scraped down his back, digging deep into his skin. Rey woke to the familiar sounds of the Falcon's landing gear. She sprang out of the bunk, feeling completely refreshed. Looking over her shoulder, the Jedi noticed it was empty. Rey realized that Kylo must have severed their connection, after she fell asleep. Gliding down the ramp, she saw Finn and Poe talking with Chewbacca and a smattering of Resistance fighters. Leia approached from the end of the long runway, making eye contact with Rey. It suddenly hit Rey, that she would be having an uncomfortable conversation with Ben Solo's mother. The Jedi rushed forward, placing a hand on Poe's elbow. "Where's Luke?" She asked, unable to sense him close by. Poe had a guilty look on his face. "Luke asked us to drop him deep in the forest." Finn interjected, turning to face them both. His words had an icy sting to them. He was clearly upset over everything that had happened. Rey arched an eyebrow, reading his thoughts. Finn had seen her in the bunk, thrashing about. Moaning Kylo Ren's name. From his perspective, riding an invisible man. Mortified, the Jedi Knight turned away from her best friend. She wanted to crawl under a rock and die. "We're you spying on me?" She asked, refusing to face him. Turning away from the group, Finn was unsure how to respond. He walked away, giving her some space. A voice shouted through the crowd, heading for the trio. "Poe!" Alena shouted, running to embrace the best pilot in the galaxy. Alena Calligan allowed herself to be swooped into Poe's arms. "Why Mister Dameron, I was worried sick," she said playfully. He pulled her in for a quick kiss, knowing General Leia could see them and was approaching. Rey smiled watching the pair. Poe placed his hand in hers. "There's someone I want you to meet." He said, gesturing towards Rey. The happy couple walked up to her and Rey's smiled faded. "Rey this is—" Poe started, before Rey interrupted. "CA-4595!" Rey shouted, drawing her lightsaber. Poe and Alena looked at the Jedi Knight in confusion. "Poe get away from her." Rey commanded. The blue light of the Rey's blade startled them. The pilot looked at Alena and then back to Rey. "Just calm down Rey, there's been a misunderstanding." Poe gestured for her to lower the lightsaber. "No there isn't." Rey said, lifting her free hand in the air. Alena screamed, her body ascending above everyone. Her arms and legs were in a locked position, unable to escape the Force hold. The young woman hated heights and begged to be let down. "Rey please." Poe said, trying to get her to lower Alena. He approached the Jedi Knight slowly, worried she had finally snapped. "What the hell is going on here?" Shouted General Leia, seeing the commotion made her sprint to Rey. "This is CA-4595, a First Order stormtrooper. She's suppose to be dead." Rey said, keeping her eyes fixed on the young woman. "General, please." Poe said, knowing the truth. Alena was no spy; she couldn't be. He thought. Leia looked at Rey's eyes, feeling her judgment was sound. "Security detail." She ordered, looking for the armed patrolmen. From the crowd, two large men stepped forward. The Jedi Knight lowered Alena to the ground, where they grabbed her. Poe lunged forward, trying to help Alena. Finn held him back, worried about his friend. "Just wait." He said, holding him back. Alena looked at him with teary eyes. "I'm sorry Poe. I would never hurt you." She cried, getting everyone to look at her. "I never told him anything that would lead him here. I've kept him in the dark." Alena said, clearly talking about Kylo Ren. Leia sighed deeply, watching Poe storm away. He kicked an empty fuel drum, angry and in disbelief. "How is this possible?" Rey asked, looking closely at the woman. It was definitely CA-4595, or her twin. Her hair was different but that was about it. Leia watched the guards drag her assistant away. She kicked and fought to chase after Poe. The group witnessing all of this was visibly shaken, unsure what it this meant. "Kylo Ren may already know we're here." Finn said, watching Poe walk off the base and storm into the thick weeds. Rey looked at Leia and could tell the General was keeping something from her. "General Organa, how is this possible?" The Jedi repeated, getting Leia to look into her eyes. "Kylo Ren has clones." Leia said, feeling everyone staring at her. "He has at least enough clones for a stormtrooper squadron." She said, turning pale. The crowd around her broke into a murmur of individual conversations. The Jedi Knight scrunched her face, considering the Leia's words. "Everyone settle down." Rey yelled, trying to concentrate. She slipped into Kylo Ren's head, exploiting the connection like he had in the Falcon. Finn, who had remained silent, sprang into action. "Alright everyone, back to work. Let's go." He shouted, clapping his hands. The small crowd dispersed, giving the pair some room. "We'll address everyone's concerns when we have all the intel." He sounded authoritative, kicking the crowd into gear. Gasping, Rey's eyes shot open. Her hand cupped her mouth for a second, looking stunned. Leia reached for her. "What did you see, dear?" Leia asked. "What General Phasma showed you. The secret Kylo Ren kept hidden from me and from the rest of the First Order. It isn't just an infantry. Kylo Ren has an entire clone army at his disposal. The ships, the troops...everything." "No...that would take years of planning." Leia said in disbelief. "Snoke couldn't have slipped this past us. Not without word trickling out somewhere along the way." "Fifteen years of planning." Rey said, nodding at the General. "And this wasn't Snoke. This is all Kylo Ren. He's never approved or trusted the First Order army. That's why he wanted me there...my lineage." The Jedi rubbed her forehead, letting a small sigh escape her lips. "If the First Order and Resistance destroy each other, the clone army remains. The Empire returns either way, whether I'm there or not." Leia looked into Rey's eyes, feeling the Jedi's pain. "Do you love my son?" She asked, her voice cracking. "Only a little." The Jedi responded, letting out a small laugh. Leia smiled, despite the severity of their situation. The General stood and reached for Rey's hand. "I think I'm the one that showed him this path." Rey said quietly. "Years ago, at the Temple, I showed him a secret." She bit her lip, looking into Leia's eyes. "I didn't understand what the vision meant—I was so young." The Jedi guarded the details of her vision, even now. "We'll figure this out." Said Leia, rubbing Rey's arms. Maz Kanata approached them from behind, happy to see the Jedi Knight. "Hello child." She said, inspecting the strong, young woman in front of her. Rey wiped her wet eyes and came over to great Maz. "Master Skywalker has been meeting with Jedi on the other side of the Force." Maz said, with a chuckle. The old woman gave Rey a pat on the wrist. "I can feel them." Nodded Rey, smiling at her. "Let's go break up that boy's club and get some answers, hmm?" Maz said, waving at Leia and Rey. The three women headed away from the base, entering the woods. Kylo Ren walked toward the bridge of Finalizer, feeling refreshed. Phasma caught the dark figure out of the corner of her eye. She moved to greet him. "Emperor." She said, encouraged to see his strength return. Kylo Ren mentioned there were side effects to summoning that much power. "Quite the display, Sir." The General followed alongside the Sith Master. "Our progress on Snoke's location?" He asked, anxious to hone that ability further. His disliked the term Emperor, feeling he didn't technically deserve it yet. "Yes." She stated simply. "We have the system." Phasma replied, hoping to please Kylo Ren with the news. Kylo Ren turned his head, sensing Rey's presence. "She's here." He said, feeling her enter his mind. A smile crept over his lips, obstructed by his mask. The General gave him a puzzled look. "Rey knows. She remembers everything." He said, savoring the distorted sound of his words. Phasma raised both eyebrows, hoping Kylo Ren would elaborate. "Now, where were we?" the Sith Master asked. Notes: When I watched TFA for the first time, a couple things jumped out at me. One of them was Kylo Ren's comment about using a clone army. Seeing the friction between Kylo, Snoke, and Hux, made me wonder what he was really up to...and why the Knights of Ren weren't with him. Then it became pretty clear to me, that Kylo Ren rescued Rey in the Jedi Temple. He'd remember who she was, especially after the last scene in the movie. TFA's novelization includes a line that Disney approved—but JJ removed from the script (Probably to reveal in VIII). Kylo Ren figures out who Rey is, just before she defeats him. So, Unspoken Forces is really me connecting these links; believing Kylo will become as obsessed with Rey, as Vader was with Luke. I've wanted to get to this chapter for so long! Sorry if I'm rambling. The Force Storm, as documented in "The Jedi Path" would be something Ben Solo learned about as a boy. Kylo Ren hasn't trusted Snoke, since the Knights turned against him at the temple. The troubled young man tracked down the last of the Kaminoans, having his own ideas for bringing balance to the Force. We'll get to that next and talk with some ghosts. Thanks for your kudos, favorites and comments! Chapter 23 : Return of the Jedi Council Summary: It's exactly as it sounds. Rey's light and determination has allowed the Jedi Masters of old to return from beyond. She seeks their help to stop Kylo Ren and restore Ben Solo. Putting her feelings aside of Kylo Ren, Anakin Skywalker offers her a risky solution. Kylo Ren tracks down Snoke and seeks to eliminate him using Force Storm. He believes this will bring him one step closer to Rey. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "We have the system." General Phasma repeated, getting Kylo Ren's attention. His thoughts were lingering on Rey. "We've found Snoke's location. He and the Knights are hiding on Rwok." The Sith Master tilted his mask, slowly facing her. "So, Hux finally turned on the Supreme Leader?" "Yes, sir." She replied, lowering her eyes for a moment. "I trust that General Hux has been eliminated then." Kylo stated, sounding pleased. "Hux...isn't a threat to us anymore." Phasma replied. The General wished she had her helmet at this moment, to hide her blushing complexion. The dark void of Kylo's visor burned into her eyes. "What is it, General?" He asked, sounding agitated. "I've broken Hux completely. His mind is fractured and he will never be the same." She said, struggling to find the words. "He's submissive." she added, her mouth ran dry. Kylo Ren had heard enough. "If you want him as your little pet, then he is not allowed to leave your quarters. Is that understood?" He asked, leaning toward her. There would be deadly consequences for Phasma, should he escape. "Yes, sir. Thank you." She replied, feeling embarrassed. "General set a course for Rwok and alert the fleet. I don't want any ships trying to flee the surface." Kylo Ren turned away, heading for the flight deck. The Sith Master couldn't wait to unleash a hyperspace wormhole on that miserable planet. Rey and Leia walked side by side, following Maz Kanata into the dense forest. Rey could sense Luke's presence, shielded by the trees ahead. The canopy filtered sunlight from above, cooling the Jedi's skin. Rey closed her eyes, enjoying the fresh scent of pine. For a moment, it allowed her to push Kylo Ren from her thoughts. That was no easy task, considering the nature of their strengthening bond. Maz moved swiftly, navigating the woods with ease. Leia noticed how effortlessly she traversed and was impressed. Her old friend wasn't showing signs of her age. She wondered if Maz was trying to give Rey space, so she could talk about Ben. Leia's eyes shifted to Rey, wanting desperately to pry into the Jedi's thoughts. She had this nagging urge to find out everything Rey experienced, while under Kylo Ren's imprisonment. Knowing her son too well, it was clear they finally acted on their feelings. But was this something that could pull him to the light again? She wondered. When this all began, Leia asked Rey to do the one thing that a mother couldn't. She asked the young Jedi to kill Kylo Ren, so that he would never hurt anyone again. She felt unbelievably guilty for the issuing the task, especially now. Rey was determined to redeem Ben. The Jedi Knight inhaled, feeling Leia's stare. She kept her eyelids shut, relaxing her cheeks and eyebrows. "I don't believe Alena Calligan told Kylo Ren anything useful. She may be a spy, but her feelings for Poe are genuine. I'd know if Kylo Ren was on his way here." Rey said, enjoying the sounds of the forest. Leia turned her head in response, giving her the once over. "Then we can hold off on the evacuation orders. I'll let Admiral Ackbar and Finn know. We can't let our guard down, as long as she's on this base." Leia said, extracting a small communicator from her jacket. Rey finally opened her eyes, tilting her head to look at the General. "Would you like to talk about Ben?" She asked, watching Leia's eyes light up a little. Rey knew what was really on the General's mind. Although the security risk Alena posed was a serious concern, the Jedi understood things from Leia's perspective. "Yes, please. I've been agonizing over Ben since you left for Ahch-To," Leia replied, putting the communicator away. She was suddenly struck by Rey's maturity. There was always a strong, resilient young woman there. She was different now; clearly a Jedi Knight. "You and Luke have known about Ben and I for years, am I right? Since Ben rescued me and brought me to the academy?" Rey asked softly. Her thoughts drifted back to her childhood. Those memories and her knowledge of the Force, had been lost until very recently. When Kylo Ren swooped her into his arms on Takodana, she started recovering what was lost. "Yes." Leia sighed, intertwining her fingers and resting them near her belt buckle. The Jedi Knight didn't seem surprised by the admission and simply listened. Rey wondered why her memories and abilities had been dormant for so long. Another mystery she'd have to uncover with Luke's help. "We couldn't let it happen. You and Ben, I mean. Try to remember, at the time you were turning five and he was ten years older than you." Leia said, furrowing her brow. "His obsession was unsettling. It's like he had the entire future mapped out for you both. He wanted to train you and when you were ready..." Her voice trailed off. "Jedi Knights can't marry and they can't fall in love. It's been so disastrous in the past, consuming the entire galaxy." The General stated, her voice breaking toward the end. "Kylo Ren isn't Darth Vader; not yet." Rey said, feeling a chill run down her spine. "I know he can be saved." Rey's words made her sound more certain than she was. Deep down, her confidence was a mask, no different from the one Kylo wore. When they were intimate or simply holding each other, she saw a different side of him. In those moments, he resembled Ben Solo. The Jedi pushed a loose strand of hair over her ear, trying to hide her blushing cheeks. Kylo Ren must be thinking of her now , she realized. Her body reacted to the feeling of warmth, radiating from his end. "I hope you're right Rey. Really, I do. The galaxy is depending on it." Leia replied, looking straight ahead. Rey slowed down, her wide eyes following the General as she passed. Her shoulders tensed up, feeling a heavy burden placed on them. The forest ahead opened up to an enchanting meadow. Leaping over a small creek, Rey inhaled sharply. The sight before her, rendered the Jedi speechless. Sitting in the shade on an old tree stump, was Luke Skywalker. He leaned forward, speaking openly with six ghostly figures. Luminous and barely visible to the naked eye, the spirits wore Jedi robes. Arranged in a semicircle, the Masters sat on conveniently placed stones and tree trucks. Leia and Maz stopped, waiting for Rey to come forward. The young Jedi approached slowly, fighting a nervous energy from within. "Meet the newest member of the Jedi Order," Luke said, gesturing for Rey to join them. "As many of you already know, this is Rey Kenobi." The Force apparitions stood, staring intently at the young woman. On the other side of the galaxy, sat the small planet of Rwok. The first Death Star used the planet to test fire its primary weapon. The experiments left it a dying world, with a quarter of the planet blown away. The debris formed intriguing rings of rock, orbiting the planet. The Finalizer exited hyperspace, nearing the system. Kylo Ren could feel Snoke, relishing the opportunity to finish this quickly. He sensed the restless giant on the planet, completely unaware of his approach. Alone in his chambers, the Supreme Leader bobbed his head, fighting fatigue. The heartless old man received little sleep in the past few days. He was waiting for General Hux to report on the pursuit of the Resistance. Snoke didn't realize that transmission was never coming. The Force was blocking the old man's sight, clouding what was once clear. Disconnected from the First Order, the Supreme Leader considered sending the Knights of Ren to investigate. The problem was, he couldn't risk losing any more of them in battle. He needed them close, leeching from their Force sensitivity. Snoke's insomnia garnered little sympathy from those around him. His personal security detail worked around the clock, catering to his every whim and setting up defenses around the new compound. They were comprised of stormtroopers and officers in the First Order. A few doors down from Snoke's chambers, the Knights of Ren were training harder than ever. They were constantly at each other's throats, vying to be the Supreme Leader's next apprentice. Between the remaining five, there was a sense of anger, desperation and confusion among the group. They recently lost two of their own, believing Luke Skywalker was behind the slayings. Kylo Ren should be there, leading and training them. His absence was unsettling—it was also deliberate. The Knights were left in the dark on many issues. Snoke feared Kylo Ren's new gifts and kept moving his location, as a result. From their perspective, Kylo Ren was too busy training a new apprentice. The thought angered Cavex Ren, who believed he deserved the honor. "Training a scavenger, Jedi scum, over me." Sneered Cavex, the lanky second in command. Cavex kicked his downed sparring partner in the gut. He resisted the urge to bury his lightsaber into him, allowing the knight to recover. Their training room rumbled, shaking the walls and ceiling. The knights to paused, feeling the vibrations. This happened from time to time, when Snoke slept. The Supreme Leader slipped into a lucid dream, offering him clarity for the first time in weeks. He saw Kylo Ren and Rey fighting on a sinking Star Destroyer. The vision skipped forward, showing Kylo Ren pulling Rey out of the sea. The Jedi was bleeding and losing consciousness. His apprentice defiled his own uniform, creating makeshift bandages. He was without his mask, too. The tribute to Darth Vader sank into the ocean, along with the Destroyer. Snoke tensed his frail limbs, remaining in the dream. On that very beach, arrived the two Knights that Snoke sent to shadow Kylo Ren's movements. They witnessed Kylo's affection for the wounded Jedi and it forced their hands. The Knights made the mistake of drawing their weapons to challenge him. Syd Ren and Epoth Ren were struck down. Kylo took their lightsabers as trophies and swooped Rey into his arms. Luke Skywalker wasn't responsible for killing them. It was all a lie...Kylo Ren was a traitor. A traitor that knew his location. The ancient man jolted awake, clutching his chest. His labored breathing felt like a knife in his chest. "Snoke." Came a voice inside his head. It was distorted and menacing, unique to only one person in the galaxy. "Ready to come out of hiding?" Kylo said, taunting his former Master. "Kylo Ren." He choked in response, his cold eyes searching the room. The chamber was clear of any threats, but Snoke could sense his former pupil nearby. After all these years, the Dark Side had abandoned the Supreme Leader. The Force chose to enlighten another. There was a sense of betrayal and finality to it all. Struggling to get out of bed, the old man summoned the help of his Knights. His large chamber appeared to be closing in on him. Feeling claustrophobic, Snoke clawed at his scratchy throat. There was a disturbance in the Force and it surged through his dried up veins. Kylo Ren had mastered Force Storm and was in striking range. Rwok had minutes to live and he wouldn't make it out in time. He couldn't even lift himself out of the chair. Cavex Ren pulled open the large doors to Snoke's chambers. He could sense fear and anger in his Master's call. Looking up at the withering giant, The Supreme Leader pinched the bridge of his sunken nose. "Rwok is about to be destroyed by Kylo Ren. I have one final mission for you, Cavex." Snoke said, feeling his chest tighten further. There was no escape for the ancient leecher; not this time. "Anything you request, Supreme Leader." The Knight replied, deadly and obedient as always. Kylo Ren stood on the flight deck of the Finalizer, looking at the broken planet of Rwok. "You've hidden throughout the galaxy...avoiding me and showing your true colors. You ordered me to kill Rey, the woman I love. You sent others to do it, when I refused. Forgiveness is not in the nature of the Sith. I am the true Master here and there will be balance to the Force." Kylo said, raising his hand at the planet. He could feel the planet's molten core; every tremor and crack in its surface. "Rey is that balance." The Sith Master stated, his body pulsing with energy. He knew Snoke could hear him. Emerald lightning danced across his fingertips. Waves of energy pulled in, surrounding him. Kylo smirked, feeling the Force Storm building its momentum. "Stop! Kylo, please," Rey cried out, using their Force connection. She was across the galaxy, standing with Luke and the Jedi apparitions. "I can't bear another attack like this." Rey stated, her eyes drifting to the transparent form of Anakin Skywalker. She knew he was targeting Snoke's planet but it didn't matter. The Jedi was suffering, her body reacting negatively to the Dark Side. This was disturbing, considering Rey usually had the upper hand when it came to their bond. Aboard the Finalizer, Kylo Ren considered Rey's request. The energy required to destroy Rwok was summoned, encompassing his body and begging to be unleashed. He shook his head in defiance. "Snoke must die, Rey. This is the path you showed me, all those years ago." He said, feeling agitated. "The only way for us to be together." Rey fell to her knee, wanting to scream in pain. "If you continue to use this power, it will destroy me. We'll never get our chance! Kylo, I beg of you." Rey pleaded. She grimaced, feeling her insides boiling with dark energy. Luke placed a hand on her shoulder, comforting the Jedi Knight. It was the only thing he cold do for Rey. Kylo Ren lowered his hand and extinguished the blue flames and energy field around him. He severed the connection with Rey, missing her voice in his head. The Sith Master looked at the planet and scowled under the mask. Rwok was saved from its annihilation. Snoke and the Knights of Ren however, were not going to survive this day. The Sith Master placed his hand over his lightsaber. Narrowing his eyes, he felt fear radiating from the Knights of Ren. Using the comm in his helmet, Kylo called General Phasma on the bridge. "Yes, Emperor. Is everything okay, sir?" She asked, wondering why Kylo Ren hadn't destroyed Rwok yet. The crew around her had their eyes fixed on the windows, expecting to see the hyperspace wormhole devour the world. "I'm taking the command shuttle to eliminate Snoke in person. Have the fleet blockade the planet and shoot down anything leaving the surface." "Yes, sir." The General responded. "And what about the Knights of Ren?" "They'll be eliminated, trying to defend Snoke. I won't be taking prisoners. The Rule of Two is the only way to restore peace to the galaxy." He replied. There needed to be a slight modification to the rule , he thought, smirking under the mask. Kylo Ren cut the transmission and headed for his shuttle, at the end of the deck. A group of a dozen stormtroopers approached him, wearing modified red and gray armor. The old insignia for the Empire was brandished like a monogram on their chest plates. "We're with you, sir." The lead stormtrooper stated. Kylo Ren tilted his mask, reading the thoughts of the squad leader. These troops were different from the others on board. Identical in height and ruthless to the bitter end. The Sith Master said nothing and climbed onto the ramp of the command shuttle. The clones followed their Emperor into the ship. "Can you feel that too?" Rey asked, looking at the Jedi assembled around her. She regained her composure and stood, wanting to make sure she could see everyone clearly. The Force around them rippled, reacting to Kylo Ren's abusive powers. Obi Wan Kenobi nodded his head, giving Rey a subtle smile. His expression made him difficult to read, as though the smile hid his true feelings. "That's what we've been discussing. The threat Kylo Ren poses to the galaxy." He replied. Rey looked to Luke, wondering why he didn't wake her for the start of this meeting. Seeming to read her body language and expression, Luke Skywalker cleared his throat. "The last time Kylo Ren unleashed Force Storm, it severely affected you." He said to her, hoping sleep and recovery was a good enough explanation. "Which is exactly why I needed to be here." She replied. Rey's frustration was becoming evident. Obi Wan held up both hands to reign the discussion in. "Rey, you're the reason why we're all here. The Jedi lost the ability to communicate through the Force, when Kylo Ren destroyed the Temple. We could no longer reach Luke and it appeared to be the end of our religion. You're light and resilience has made this possible. You've opened the door for us to communicate, once more." Luke had explained this to Rey. Hearing it from Obi-Wan Kenobi, reinforced her importance to the Jedi Council. Rey's wet eyes rested on the small frogling next to Obi-Wan. Master Yoda nodded his head, observing the Jedi Knight in front of him. He gave her a friendly smile and she grinned in return. A rush of excitement washed over Rey, finally speaking to the legends she read about in Luke's journals. "Can Kylo...can Ben Solo be saved?" She asked, breaking the silence. The Jedi looked at each other, silent for a beat. They suddenly started talking over each other, in complete disagreement. Rey took a step back, surprised by the response. Is this really happening? She asked herself, listening to the heated debate. Leia and Maz Kanata came forward to stand with her. Leia rubbed Rey's arms and glared at Luke Skywalker. He glanced at his sister, before turning to argue with Mace Windu. Suddenly it hit Rey, as to why Luke entered the forest first. He let her sleep because the Jedi were in disagreement, on this particular issue. Her Master wanted to get the Council of the same page, before she arrived. Maz Kanata adjusted her glasses, selecting a lens that allowed her to see the Jedi. Her mouth fell open in shock, dismayed at the scene before her. The only one that wasn't arguing was Master Yoda. His kind eyes rested on Maz Kanata, happy to see his old friend. Rey's eyebrows furrowed and her mouth twisted in disbelief. This wasn't at all what I was expecting . What's gotten into them? Maz patted Rey on the hand. "This is why we need more women on the Council," she said with a laugh. Stepping forward, Maz placed both index fingers in her mouth and let out an ear piercing whistle. Leia winced at the noise, scowling in Luke's direction. The Jedi turned to look at Maz. Silenced, they watched Rey climb onto the tree stump. "Let me phrase it differently, then. I'm going to bring Ben Solo back to the light and I need your help." She said. "Only one Jedi has ever gone over to the Dark Side and returned." Ki-Adi-Mundi said, rubbing his beard and glancing at Anakin. The elder Skywalker snorted in response. "You remind me of someone very precious to me. My wife, Padme." Anakin said, his gaze burning into Rey's sparkling eyes. "When I was a Jedi, I had visions of her dying. I would have done anything to save her life—including cross over to the Dark Side. The ability to cheat death was an empty promise. In the end, my pursuit of that power ended her life. It also destroyed the Jedi Order." He said mournfully. Rey suddenly wondered if she and Kylo Ren were doomed to make the same mistakes. "If Ben doesn't decide to come back on his own, then your choices narrow dramatically." Qui-Gon Jinn said, speaking up. His honesty was an oddly comforting to Rey. "He's grown so powerful though. Now he has a clone army at his disposal. This war will be costly." Rey said, rubbing her forearm. The Jedi Council exchanged glances, considering the new information. Rey sighed. "Am I the descendant of Emperor Palpatine?" She asked, exploring the nagging option that had been pushed to the back of her thoughts. The possible solution was there and Kylo had been the one to give it her. "You're my grandchild." Said Obi-Wan Kenobi, leaning forward. His worn expression and tone gave away the truth. "That's not what I asked." Rey replied, folding her arms. "Yes." Said Obi-Wan, sounding reluctant to answer. "You are a descendant from both bloodlines." Rey shook her head a little, choosing to address that tidbit in private, with Obi-Wan. "Kylo Ren means to restore the Empire and he needs me to do that—or at least he did. If the heir to Palpatine's throne returns, the First Order will have no choice but to leave him and follow me." Rey said, clenching her jaw. The Jedi had a determined look in her eyes. "It would be two armies against one, in favor of the Republic." She said, waiting for another argument to break out. The Jedi remained seated and reflective. "That's not the way," Luke stated, causing Rey to scowl in response. "At this point, it would require defeating Kylo Ren to take over. He won't step down freely." "I've had to do that before." Rey said, stepping forward. "If it comes down to dueling lightsabers, I can defeat him." "Rey, our goal can't be to obtain this kind of political power," Obi-Wan said. "Even if it does bring an end to the First Order. It corrupts." Her eyes met Anakin Skywalker's again, looking for someone to side with her. Out of the bunch, he was watching her the closest. "Kylo Ren may not let it come to lightsabers, if he's trying to seduce you." Anakin said, pausing to collect his thoughts. Rey felt her chest blushing at the comment. "There is something you can try, but it's risky." His distaste for the idea was apparent from his expression. Rey leaned forward, her pulse quickening. "A restrictor mod." Anakin said, grimacing as he said it. Rey arched an eyebrow in response, looking for an explanation. "Darth Vader needed a suit to survive. Without his machinery, he would perish in a few minutes." Said Obi-Wan. "The restrictor mod is small, installed directly into the spine at the base of the head. It prevented me from summoning a Force ability that might destroy the equipment. Force Lightning, for example. It dampens energy levels past a certain point. Some abilities like Grip and Push remain unaffected." Anakin said. "It would eliminate Force Storm then." Rey said, getting a nod from Anakin Skywalker. At least she wouldn't have to worry about getting sucked into a hyperspace wormhole. "There is a danger to collaring someone in this way," interrupted Qui-Gon Jinn. "He may never trust you again. It could be the thing that extinguishes his light entirely. Like caging a wild animal." "It doesn't slow his lightsaber either, so he will remain formidable." Mace Windu said, looking over to Obi-Wan Kenobi. "Especially if he is no longer distracted...by other interests." The Jedi Master was clearly referring to Rey. She was unphased by the comment. Rey's sight traveled off into the distance, taking in the scenery. It was beautiful here , she realized. It would have been nice to bring Kylo Ren here and spend the afternoon. No lightsabers; just them and the meadows. She closed her eyes, emptying her thoughts. The Jedi Council observed her, remaining quiet. Opening them again, her eyes traveled to Master Yoda's. "A choice made, you have." Yoda said, sensing a resolution. He chose this moment to finally speak, hoping that Rey would make the decision on her own. Licking her lips, Rey inhaled. "Where can I find a restrictor?" She asked. Any doubts she had, were put aside. She was a Jedi first and foremost, sworn to protect the Republic. A Jedi Knight in love with a Sith Master . It made her anxious, just thinking about it. Anakin gave her a half smile, his heart aching for the Jedi Knight. Kylo Ren may kill Rey for this betrayal and sweep across the galaxy with both armies. She reminded him so much of Padme , he thought again. The ghostly form of Luke's father slipped away from the scene, without saying a word to anyone. The command shuttle landed on Rwok, just outside Snoke's new hideout. The Sith Master pushed past his clones, waiting for the ramp to lower. This is where it starts, the beginning of the end. Kylo thought, grinning under his mask. Kylo Ren ignited his lightsaber, stalking down the ramp. He was met with incoming fire from Snoke's personal security detail. The Sith Master deflected the blasts, like swatting annoying insects from the air. "Eliminate them." He said, turning away in frustration. Kylo blocked an incoming shot without looking at it. The gray and red clone troopers open fired, leading the siege on the compound. He could sense Snoke. The old man was scared, clinging to his miserable existence. The Knights of Ren were nearby, drawing their weapons near the Supreme Leader. The door to the compound had been barricaded. Just as he hoped, the Knights were going to defend their master at all costs. "At last. Payback for the Jedi Temple." Kylo said, throwing a bolt of lightning at the security detail. Bodies fell to the ground, withering in pain. The Sith Master felt another presence, joining him on the battlefield. Kylo Ren turned and swung his lightsaber, expecting a flanking attacker. To his shock, the ghost of Anakin Skywalker appeared before him. Anakin took a step toward, glaring at his grandson. "Foolish Jedi." Kylo Ren said, raising his hand at the apparition. "You don't belong here." His words sounded jagged, intensified by the mask. "I'm your grandfather and I have something to say." Anakin replied, standing the same height as Kylo Ren. "Darth Vader is my grandfather." He spat back, alarmed by the intrusion. The Sith Master threw a Force Push towards the ghost. To his surprise, Anakin deflected it right back to him. Kylo Ren slid through the mud, staying on his feet. Bewildered, he looked at legendary Jedi. "How is this possible?" He asked, in complete shock. Force ghosts couldn't interact with the physical world. They shouldn't be able to cross over anymore, period. Kylo saw to that. "I'm the chosen one, remember? I've been obsessed with cheating death and pursuing redemption, for the past sixty years. So I've picked up on a few things since crossing over. Ben, you will listen to what I have to say." Anakin said, casting a challenging gaze over his kin. Kylo Ren twirled his fiery lightsaber, scowling under his mask. The battle waged behind him, the clones getting the upper hand. They were close to breaching the door. Distracted, the Sith Master didn't seem to care. Anakin narrowed his eyes at Kylo Ren. The Sith Master pulled the blade behind him and rushed toward the Force ghost. Notes: Thanks for your comments! I've started putting up Reylo artwork on tumblr. I'm under iancantbesaved - Come check me out and follow if that interests you. I'm pretty much only doing scene's that I've written about or will write about. I've been waiting to get to this scene! Fight within a fight. I always wondered if Anakin was reunited with Padme in the afterlife. This suggests, maybe they weren't. He could be a little bitter about it. I'm bending the rules for Anakin, given that he's a Force baby. Its whatever version of Anakin that you think wouldn't take his crap (whether it be Hayden or the old guy). I haven't talked about Rey's lineage in full detail. Next chapter will start with that for sure; she'll get alone time with Old Ben Kenobi. A few new wrinkles in this one as we near the end. How far will Rey go to save Kylo Ren? The restrictor is something I made up to explain a theory I always had about Darth Vader and his abilities. Next update will be next week - sorry it can't be sooner. Very excited though. Chapter 24 : It's In Your Blood Summary: Kylo Ren battles the Knights of Ren and takes on Snoke. Rey discovers the truth about her past and must make a difficult decision about her future, with Kylo Ren. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren sprang to his feet, wiping his mouth to inspect for blood. His grandfather, Anakin Skywalker, was proving to be a nuisance. The Sith Master had always wondered how a fight between them would play out. He had a coppery taste; now it was getting on his nerves. The Force ghost had the advantage of being able to phase way, out maneuvering his grandson's strikes. It wasn't the duel he once pictured, pouring through Jedi and Sith archives. The stakes weren't the same, at least from Kylo Ren's point of view. "I will finish what you started...what you weren't strong enough to complete." Kylo shouted, lashing out with fiery swipes. The spectral Jedi dodged the fierce attack and disappeared from view. Kylo stumbled and spun around to find the apparition. "If you continue on this path, Rey will perish—just like your grandmother, Padme." Anakin said, throwing his voice. "Don't be so reckless with the love of your life. I was consumed by the Dark Side and it killed her." The Jedi Master returned, appearing in front of the Sith. As Kylo circled his grandfather, a memory slipped into his mind. He recalled what Rey told him in the interrogation room. They were engaged in a battle of will, trying to pry and shield information from each other. The scavenger pushed back, surprising him. "You. You're afraid that you will never be as strong as Darth Vader!" Her words were sharp and ragged like her breathing. She was right, of course, the thought terrified him. But she didn't understand the foundation of that fear. The Sith Master pointed his lightsaber at his grandfather's eye-level, clenching his jaw. "You weren't strong enough to save Padme—I can save Rey. The Force has never seen anything like, the Master I have become." Kylo Ren shouted the last part, before attacking again. His obsession had driven him across the galaxy, leading to Snoke's front door. He wouldn't back down now, not when he was so close. The ghost of his grandfather served as a distraction, an obstacle. The Sith Master's real fight was the compound ahead. The path to balance. The crimson lightsaber narrowly missed the elder's throat. The Jedi Master backpedaled, "I thought the Dark Side could save Padme. It was all a lie. The ability to cheat death has never existed." Anakin said, throwing a Force Push that Kylo batted away. His grandson did so with such ease, his body language illustrating his effortless gesture. "When she's in my arms, I have that power. I've experienced it firsthand. Ben Solo isn't strong enough to save her life. It was as true then, as it is now." Kylo swung the saber again, getting his grandfather to back away, into the Force. For a moment, Kylo pictured his teenage form. He was a weak; afraid he'd lose the friend he'd grown attached too. His only friend . The little girl that could make him smile and made him feel less...lonely. "All of this for a vision." Anakin snorted. "Little Rey viewed you as her entire world. How could she possibly understand what she was showing you? How could she know you'd turn around and rip the galaxy apart? You're arrogance rivals my own and I see you making the same mistakes. If this future exists, its because you've caused it." He stated, hoping Kylo Ren would listen. The expression on Kylo Ren's face darkened. "I'm not going to let Rey die in my arms! We can be together, now that I'm stronger than you ever were! She's showed me the way." A flicker of Rey's vision dropped into his mind, but the Sith Master stowed it. "Visions are dangerous, for nothing is certain." Anakin warned, remaining invisible. "You're causing Rey's death. How can you not feel it? The way her body rejects your abusive powers. After everything you've put her through, she's fighting to save Ben Solo. If you love her, than return to the light." His voice echoed from all directions, getting the Sith Master to spin around wildly. Sensing a tremor, Kylo slammed his lightsaber backward, thrusting into Anakin. The ghost reappeared behind him, erupting into a blinding light. Bolts of lightning danced off the ends of the crossguards, as Kylo kept his head facing forward. The Force allowed the legendary Jedi to do great things, in life and beyond. Anakin Skywalker could never cross over again. His grandson felt him return to the other side, for good. Kylo calmed his breathing, brandishing his teeth as the Dark Side enveloped him. "There will be balance." He said in a low voice, turning his gaze on the compound. His clone troopers breached the barricades and were holding for his orders. Rey strolled deeper into the forest with Obi Wan Kenobi. They were alone now, walking for several minutes without speaking. The Jedi's footsteps crumpled the delicate leaves under her boots. The silence was awkward for Rey. She was anxious to get answers from her grandfather but she couldn't help feeling like he was disappointed with her. Did he know about the nature of her relationship with Kylo Ren? Why would it matter anyway, when he wasn't celibate? She thought, preparing herself to go on the defensive. Coming to a spot with a fallen tree, Obi-Wan sat down on trunk and let out a sigh. Rey wondered how a Force apparition could seem so exhausted. "Where do we begin?" He asked, leaning forward on his elbows. His gaze penetrated the confident exterior she was trying to show. Rey's lips parted, thinking for a moment. "My family. Where are they?" Her voice had a hint of sadness. In her heart, she knew they were gone. "I'm sorry to say, that they are one with the Force." His expression soften some, becoming a little more inviting. "I think you knew that already. There were those out to exploit you, even harm you because of your lineage." He said, patting on the trunk, so Rey would sit next to him. Settling in, she crossed her legs and folded her hands in her lap. Kylo was telling the truth, about everything . The realization made her smile a little. "How can I be your descendant and the Emperor's?" She asked softly. "I was in exile for nearly six years when I was contacted by an old friend, Bail Organa. He was Leia's adopted father and ally to the Jedi Order. Bail requested my help and I owed him deeply for his loyalty. He needed to rescue a young woman named Gemma." Rey arched an eyebrow at the name, repeating it in her mind to see if it triggered something. Obi Wan continued, "By accepting the mission, I was suspending my affiliation with the Jedi Order. I shouldered Gemma's rescue and helped hide her on the other side of the galaxy. It was no easy task. Her father used his extensive resources to attempt an abduction." "The Emperor," Rey stated. Her grandfather nodded in response. "Darth Sidious had a child late in life. He kept Gem a secret from everyone, as he plotted to overthrow the Republic. When she was old enough, he demanded that she wed Darth Vader and produce offspring." The young Jedi nearly fell off the tree in shock. "That's terrible." She said, her voice pitching upward. Rey realized this meant Darth Vader could procreate, even as a machine. The thought disgusted her, as a bad taste crept into her mouth. Obi-Wan nodded slightly. "The thought was troubling, indeed. There was always a Rule of Two with the Sith. No more, no less. This would have meant something else entirely. A potential threat that the Jedi had not faced since the Old Republic, when the Sith separated from the Temples." "Oh my —like the Knights of Ren?" Rey asked, sliding off the trunk and standing closer to her grandfather. Her thoughts drifted to Kylo Ren. She could feel his anger and it was distracting. He's on the warpath , she realized, just not with the Republic . The Jedi Knight brushed the bond away, like a strand of curls over her forehead. "It's possible there is a connection. Snoke has been watching the Dark Side for a long time; patiently I might add." Obi-Wan said, leaning forward. "I couldn't stay with Gem, although a part of me wanted too. I knew I needed to be in Tatooine, watching over Luke Skywalker. I didn't know about your mother, Talsi, until years later." The name struck Rey deep down, making her shake with nervous energy. She backed away from Obi-Wan, her eyes growing wet. "My mother...fought for the Rebellion," Rey said with a shaky voice. "I remember, how strong she was and so caring. She worked with Han Solo, going after the Remnants." Han Solo saw something instantly in Rey, a quality that he couldn't put his finger on. Maybe he figured out she was Force Sensitive. Perhaps, it was because she stood the same way as his old friend, Talsi. Rey could handle herself in a fight and instantly fix any problem with the Falcon, just like Talsi. Rey fell silent for a moment, collecting herself. "Why couldn't I remember her? It seems so vivid now." "Sometimes Force Sensitives lose their gifts. It can happen under cases of extreme duress. Injury, for one, can be the culprit. It can also happen from advanced age, or emotional losses. It's why the Jedi Order emphasizes restraint and control over emotions and ties. Bonds between parents and children, can be very dangerous, for example." "Or lovers." Rey offered, closing her eyes. She didn't need confirmation from her grandfather. "If Force Sensitive individuals share a bond, it can have deadly consequences. I witnessed it, when Luke and Leia's mother passed away. Padme had a bond with Anakin and when he fell to the Dark Side…" The Jedi Master's voice trailed away. "When Ben attacked the Jedi Temple." Rey stated, rubbing the back of her neck. Her eyes went big and round, sparkling. "He saved my life and told me to hide, but I didn't listen. I came to find him on the battlefield." Rey felt those emotions building up, recalling watching Ben put on the scary mask. "What you witnessed was his transition to Kylo Ren. He turned his lightsaber against the Jedi survivors and tried to extinguish our flame from the galaxy. It was your breaking point, Rey. Because you were young, the loss did a great deal of damage. Closing off those memories, the Force remained hidden beneath the surface...until you were ready to let it in." "The Force can come back." She said, letting the concept wash over her. After a beat, Rey felt her blood pressure rise. "Kylo Ren." She said aloud, clenching her jaw. Rey wanted to reach across the Galaxy and pull him by the ears until he answered. His impulsive, vile actions robbed her of so much, including the memory of her parents. "What reason could you possibly have for all of this?" She said, looking into the trees. "A vision I showed you of our wedding day and fireworks? There's no way I'd go in for that sort of celebration. Or was this just an excuse, so you could fulfill a childish dream of ruling the galaxy?" She shouted her accusation into the sky. "Look again." Kylo Ren hissed in her ear, causing her to jump in surprise. Rey spun around, igniting her lightsaber. The hairs on the back of her neck stood at attention. He was eavesdropping but chose not to show himself. Her lower jaw dropped, as she breathed deeply. "Kylo?" She asked aloud. He wouldn't answer. It was just those two words. Obi-Wan was startled by the intrusion and faded away. Rey was left alone, wondering what Kylo meant. This was her vision. Could he really interpret it so differently ? Extending a powerful kick, Kylo connected into the mask of Dijun Ren. The Knight's neck snapped to the side and he fell to the ground. Kylo Ren stalked the remaining Knights, the sway of his shoulders and long strides were predatory in nature. The last four were already on the ground, scrambling to retrieve their weapons. The Sith Master found this all too easy, allowing them to get up. "Where is Cavex?" He growled, lifting Ghonow Ren into the air. Helpless, the knight kicked and choked against the pressure. "We've been loyal." Ghonow struggled to speak. The remaining three charged Kylo Ren, screaming as they advanced. Kylo avoided the first knight, Corr, sweeping the legs from under him. He blocked the feral strike of Shee next, forcing a stalemate between swords. The third attacker, Mujoru, was too eager. He was trying desperately to get around Shee, his brother and strike down Kylo. The Sith Master chuckled at this, using the sibling as a shield. Frustrated, Mujoru jumped over his brother, swinging downward. The Sith Master flicked his chin up, sending Shee Ren into the downswing. Splitting through Shee's skull, the red saber retracted. Horrified, Mujoru caught his falling brother and they both collapsed to the floor. "These bonds make you weak. Mine are an inspiration." Kylo Ren said arrogantly, walking past the brothers on the ground. The Sith Master climbed up the steps, letting the floating Knight plummet on the concrete foundation. "Eliminate them, Commander." Kylo Ren said, looking over his shoulder. "Bring me their weapons after." "Thank you, sir." Came the raspy voice of the promoted trooper. His men fanned out, aiming their weapons at the surviving knights. Kylo Ren stood under the impressive, tall doors at the top of the stairs. With a subtle flick of the wrist, the doors fell back on their hinges. They kicked up a mountain of dust, echoing loudly in the empty chamber. "I was hoping Cavex would be here to see this," said Kylo Ren, walking into the darkened room. His vision adjusted to the dim light, finding the scowling face of Supreme Leader Snoke. The Supreme Leader's eyes had a shine to them, like a ball bearing. They were distinct, even in the gloomy chamber. Shots echoed from the chamber outside. The ancient giant growled in response, using the Force to shake the chamber. "That sound you hear, is the end." Kylo said, gesturing toward the chamber outside. "Tell me where Cavex has gone." Kylo Ren said, reaching a hand toward Snoke and searching his thoughts. The frail old man leaned forward, feeling the sharp pain of the intrusion. He made a fist and slammed it into his chair. "No!" Snoke yelled, finding the strength to lift himself up. "You we're nothing when you first came to me." The Supreme Leader snaked a long finger in the direction of Kylo Ren. Kylo pushed harder, invading Snoke's mind but coming into a mental barrier. Snoke laughed, coughing and wheezing at the small victory. "I will kill your beloved for this and bathe in her blood." Snoke said, feeling Kylo's anger boil over. The Sith Master removed his mask, wanting to get a better look at the decrepit old man. "No one will even remember your name." Kylo hissed, seeing everything so clearly. The Knights of Ren were all at fault for the betrayal at the Jedi Council. Snoke ordered the coup. Kylo was right to turn to the Kaminoans. "You will tell me everything soon enough. I was trained by the best." Kylo said, moving closer with swagger. Snoke snickered at that, as he was selfish. Even now, facing death, he wanted all the credit. "Not you." He said with a laugh. "Empress Rey," Kylo Ren said, having a fondness for how difficult she made it sometimes. How she could slam the door and shut him down, despite the aching she felt for him. "Let's see what you've got, leecher." Kylo Ren dropped the mask at his feet. The Supreme Leader tilted forward, his knees wobbling. He grimaced and squinted both eyes, trying to crush Kylo with the Force. Debris fell from the ceiling as his mental attack increased and spread throughout the room. Kylo felt his head tighten but waved the sensation off with a grunt. Snoke came forward, swinging with his long arms at the Sith Master. The giant caught Kylo Ren in his fist, squeezing tightly. The Sith Master ignited his saber and cut Snoke's thumb clean off. Dropping to the ground and rolling, Kylo Ren summoned emerald lighting. Sparks of light, white and blue, blinded the chamber. Snoke cried out, caught off balance and unable to counter the stunning display. Boils covered his body, following the burn patterns. The heat and pressure caused his transparent skin to wrinkle further and shed away. Snoke twisted his broken face, unleashing a painful cry that brought zero relief. Kylo Ren didn't ease up, using the lightning to lift and throw Snoke back into his chair. The giant barely clung to the arm rests, his clothes smoldering and skin rotting from the attack. "I always wondered if you would die on your throne." Kylo said, spinning the lightsaber in a taunting fashion. He took long strides, getting closer to the withering giant. The Sith Master smirked, looking up at the shallow, broken heap. "This was always going to be you're downfall. You never were willing to die, for what you believed in." Kylo Ren retracted the blades from his saber and held the hilt in his hand. He could have ended it there; quickly. A fire started on the tattered strands of Snoke's robes, but the giant didn't react to the flames. His former Master wheezed deeply, his lungs sounding cancerous and flailing. "You don't deserve to die by this." Kylo said, snapping the hilt back into his belt. "You're not a warrior. Why give you an honorable death?" Snoke didn't respond, slumping deeper into his large chair. "Look at me, leecher." He said, using the Force to lift the giant's head up. "Through passion I gain strength." Kylo said, skipping the first line of the Sith Code. With a series of quick, sharp snaps, every bone broke in Snoke's arms. The giant shrieked in pain, no longer capable of defending himself. "Through strength I gain power." He said, lifting the sobbing leecher higher into the air. Snoke's forehead bumped the high arching ceiling of his chambers. His arms we're rubbery and shapeless. "Through power I gain victory." Another series of snaps and Snoke's femurs, shins and ankles twisted and fractured. The Supreme leader drifted in and out of consciousness, drooling to the floor. "Through victory my chains are broken." Kylo Ren said, pulling at Snoke's dangling limbs, stretching them wide. "The Force shall free me." Snoke crashed onto his chair, flipping forward and ending face down on the cement. His arms and legs popped off, like he was a tortured insect. The leecher's torso bled out, in pools of stagnant charcoal. Kylo Ren turned around to face his clone troopers. They watched their leader in awe as he pulled the mask back over his head and snapped the latches in place. "For the Empress." Kylo Ren said, his voice filled with venom. "For the Empress!" The clones shouted in response. It had been hours and it was dark on the Resistance Base. Luke sensed Rey's need for privacy and gave her space. Finn demanded to go find her but Leia stopped him. The Jedi Knight needed time to reflect and come to a decision. Rey emerged with reddened cheeks, evidence she had been crying. She felt Kylo Ren slip away from her, consumed by the Dark Side. The Jedi Knight felt sullied, cursing herself for letting that monster near her. He touched her intimately, in ways that no one ever had. He misused his talents and made her experience every second of it. She slipped past Finn and Poe who barely caught a glimpse of her. "Rey." Finn shouted, running after her. He was worried about his friend. The Jedi ducked into a darkened closet, avoiding her friend's calls. Finn's footsteps ran past the door and Rey let out a tiny gasp. Poe heard the cry and knocked on the door. He put his ear against the cold metal, hoping to hear her give him permission. Rey dabbed her eyes, hating that Kylo Ren managed to make her cry. She felt his power surge and she knew exactly what he did to Snoke. It was overkill and inhumane. Even if he was the worst life form in the galaxy, Kylo Ren could have ended the fight sooner. He chose to make it painful and sadistic. Finn doubled back, seeing Poe outside the supply closet. The pilot held up a hand to stop his friend. "It's okay Rey, you can talk to us." Poe said, his voice sounding strained and tired. He had his fair share of drama for the day. The Jedi Knight slowly opened the door from her end. Poe and Finn had concerned looks on their faces. "I need your help." She said, trying to find her resolve. "Kylo Ren's abilities...his actions are completely out of control." They both nodded in response, listening to her intently. Rey tilted her chin up, composing herself and pushing the darkness away. "There is a device that can dampen his abilities and make him vulnerable. It won't be easy to acquire and I can't go with you. We can't risk tipping him off, if I'm to implant the device." Finn and Poe gave each other a quick glance. They were up for anything at the moment. Two nights later, Rey couldn't sleep. The Jedi managed to keep Kylo Ren at bay, making sure he couldn't surprise her with any intimate visits. She kicked the scratchy blanket from her thighs and rolled off the cot. It was late and the Resistance base was quiet. Going for a walk outside, she enjoyed the cool evening. The Jedi Knight had the stars and sky all to herself. She basked in the reflected glow of the moon. It kindly bounced light at her feet, illuminating her surroundings. Rey's pulse quickened and she caught her breath. The scene reminded her of where she and Kylo first made love. It was just like these woods. The similarities made her stomach churn. "There is no passion, there is serenity." She said, calming herself. The pressure behind her ears dulled as she exhaled. Rey stared into the bright moon. A steely look flashed across her face, finding strength in her voice. The Jedi licked and parted her lips, "Kylo Ren," she whispered. When he didn't respond, she repeated his name. This time it sounded like a command. A cool breeze picked up, rustling leaves and giving her goosebumps. Kylo Ren placed his bear hands on her shoulders, wishing he could warm her up. Rey turned away from him, wanting to look him in the face. "What is it, my love?" He asked, grinning widely and taking a step closer. He wasn't wearing a shirt, which was cruel. Rey kept her eyes on his, resisting the urge to drop the gaze downward. "We should meet. This time you'll come to me." Rey said, trying to mask her emotions, although her eyes gave her away. Kylo noticed how they pierced into him, as if she wanted to Force the wind from his lungs. Kylo Ren gulped and reached for her anyway, letting a growl escape his lips. "It's not the same. Like you said." Rey gave a him fake smile, hoping stop his advance. Her love was undeterred, inching closer. Kylo Ren traced his finger along her collarbone, bumping into the fabric of the opened vest. He gently pushed it aside, noticing her chest rise and fall. The fabric underneath was delicate, not apart of her usual outfit. Rey's eyes fluttered and closed, recollecting herself. "You can drop the pretenses. I do not wish to harm you, regardless of your agenda." He said, his voice sounding husky. Rey didn't give in, refusing to expose anything more to Kylo Ren. "I'll have instructions for you shortly," she said, wishing to cast him aside. "You'll be getting into a untraceable transport, that we'll be providing." Rey said, as she arched an eyebrow. The Jedi was taking a calculated risk here. Kylo was obviously stronger now; she couldn't deny that. She hoped his ego was inflated to the point that he wouldn't fear a trap. Rey eyes slipped downward, to his defined chest. She enjoyed the view, but really, she was baiting him. Kylo Ren followed her eyes, growing hungry with desire. He'd definitely cooperate now . She thought. The Sith Master abandoned the urge taunt her meager security measures. She obviously wanted to fight him. He could practically feel the heat from their swords. And what about afterward? He thought, feeling his mouth go dry. She wanted him. He'd win and capture her, for good this time. "I have something I must check on first." He said, letting his gaze drink her in from head to toe. Rey nodded, turning abruptly to leave. Kylo seemed surprised by this and called to her, "Then I can meet you anywhere, just name the place. Rey..." He said, wanting to reach for her. The Jedi stopped and turned to stare at him. She hated hearing the sound of her name, coming from his lips. It always buried deep within her, making her body ache. Finn and Poe should be back soon, she thought. Rey's expression was difficult to read and Kylo shifted a little bit, straining to penetrate her thoughts. "I'm all yours. Just give me until tomorrow night." He said, hoping that would appease her. There was something in his voice that hitched, denoting his desperation to see her in the flesh. "Promise?" Rey asked, arching an eyebrow. She'd have the restrictor in her possession by then. Notes: Thanks for your comments - your feedback, kudos and bookmarks. I'm thrilled that there are reader's sticking it out for the ending. Let's see Disney give Snoke a more satisfying ending. I'm sure they will, it just won't be as graphic. There's an ongoing theme, where I keep mentioning the vision that little Rey showed Ben Solo. I want to really dive into that, because they aren't on the same page about it. The scene with Rey and Old Ben Kenobi, was suppose to be many chapters earlier. I pushed it back here because it wasn't working and now I'm glad that I did. We know a little more about Rey, finally. There are some pieces missing. The thing about The Force abandoning users, is cannon. We know of one individual that it's happened too. I was blown away in Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, when it happened to General Rahm Kota. I thought, oh what a cool character arc. Watching TFA, I wondered if the same thing happened to Luke on Ahch-To, which is why he just left everything behind. Chapter 25 : You Are My Light Summary: Rey needs answers before going to face Kylo Ren. Will she be willing to throw everything away, for a chance to redeem Ben Solo? The fate of the galaxy will be decided based on the choices she makes. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey kicked at the covers, bunching the sheets around her ankles. She struggled to keep her eyes closed, pleading with the Force to grant her sleep. The Jedi was faced with the toughest decision of her life and she needed rest. An hour of meditation before bed didn't help. Going back to the hangar to work on Kylo's X-Wing didn't help either. Communicating through the Force, Rey convinced Kylo Ren to meet on her terms. She spent the evening preparing an old X-Wing, in order to trap her lover. Rey worked for hours, adjusting components and making sure the fighter was hyperspace worthy. It was a welcome distraction getting her fingers, hands and elbows, covered in grease. The Falcon gave her plenty of work from time-to-time, but Jedi training often disconnected her from the hobby she loved. She rewired the auto-pilot feature and double-checked the fighter's navicomputer. Once Kylo entered the X-Wing, it would jump to hyperspace and take him to a set location. He couldn't be followed and he couldn't double-cross her. The work was tricky and Rey insisted on doing it alone. It was the kind of mental challenge, that should have left her drained. Turning on her back, the Jedi Knight couldn't get Kylo Ren out of her head. Her mind drifted to him, every time her eyelids grew heavy. Rey pulled the pillow from under her head and shoved it against her face. She let out a primal scream, using the soft pillow to deaden the noise. Rey's restless hours awake, didn't escape the Sith Master's attention. Kylo pushed into their connection, trying to find any weakness to exploit. He felt her in distress and longed to help. She refused to let him into her bedroom, as if teasing him with only a glimpse. Frustrated, he started talking to her. Let me assist you. Rey... He said through their connection, hearing General Phasma walking up behind him. Rey's name sounded more like a desperate plea, than anything else. The Jedi kept him at bay, realizing that he must not be sleeping either. She turned on her side, draping a hand over her hip. Kylo Ren abandoned his attempts to communicate with her, rather quickly. "Hmm. So, soon?" She whispered, keeping her eyes pressed shut. The Jedi focused on the only lover she'd ever known. Her thoughts shifted to her time aboard the Finalizer. She recalled Kylo's strong hands picking her up and carrying her into a darkened corner. Anyone could have walked by and seen them stripping layers off. Maybe someone did see them? And they kept quiet because they feared Kylo Ren, her lover, the biggest bad ass in the galaxy. Rey bested him in battle and she had him eating out of the palm of her hand ever since. The control she had over him. The admission shook the Jedi to the core, making her breathing ragged. Rey's hand drifted down, slipping under her waistband. She moaned, thinking about Kylo's rough, calloused fingers taking control and brushing across her thighs. Those hands of his, were responsible for such vile and destructive things over the years. Yet, when they pulled at her clothing and caressed her skin, it didn't matter. His touch made her wet with desire, striking every chord. On the Finalizer, Kylo Ren grabbed the nearest guard rail and leaned into it. His grip squeezed the metal tightly, as a grunt escaped his mask. The Force enhanced his natural strength and the metal bar twisted and clamped under his gloves, reverberating loudly from the pressure. The Sith Master looked out of breath, startling Phasma. "What is it, Emperor?" She asked. General Phasma put a hand on his back, which was out of character for her. The man in black purred, making an incoherent sound. "I'm fine," Kylo replied after a moment. He was fortunate that his mask hid his blown out eyes and dripping forehead. The Sith Master held onto the railing like a vice, hunching his chest over the top rung. Angling to hide his lower half from Phasma, he managed, "Leave me, General. I must return to my quarters." The General left with a perplexed look. Kylo Ren awkwardly uprighted himself, unable to hide the growth straining against his pants. The Sith Master hurried for his accommodations, cursing Rey's name. After a time, the Jedi Knight's face relaxed and she drifted off to sleep. Her hand fell off the side of the bed, dropping a washcloth onto the cool floor. The faint light from outside, bled through Rey's window, falling just shy of her bed. The forest grew brighter and more distinct, with every passing moment. Birds chirped just beyond her window. Rey's breathing became slow and steady. She wouldn't have long to sleep before breakfast, if she woke by then. Kylo Ren stormed toward the flight deck, followed by his clone troopers. Dressed in red and gray armor, the battle-tested infantry marched in perfect stride. Phasma's stormtroopers moved out of their way, warily minding the unique group. The Hux era stormtroopers had every reason to fear the clones. The Sith Master walked past his command shuttle and came to a stop at his TIE Interceptor. The Gray Commander stepped forward. "Sir, we request permission to follow you." He said, resting both hands over his lowered blaster. The pose reminded Kylo Ren of archival footage he saw of the bounty hunter, Boba Fett. These clones were genetically identical to the Fett bloodline. "That won't be necessary, Commander. I will return in two days with our Empress. If I don't check in, you know what to do." Kylo Ren hissed through his mask. "Yes, Sir." The Commander replied. He flipped open a small panel on his wrist and started a timer. The holo readout began counting down, as Kylo Ren climbed into his Interceptor. Giving a gesture to the troops, he led the Gray and Reds off the flight deck. Kylo Ren settled into his seat, strapping in. The Sith Master flexed his fingers over the wheel, gripping it tightly. Frustrated, he resisted the urge to snap the controls in his grasp. He was still fuming over Rey. She denied their connection, leaving him feeling powerless. Then the Jedi proceeded to tease and touch her own body. It was torture; he bitterly resented the authority she exerted over their connection. Activating the comm link in the Interceptor, Kylo hailed Phasma. "General," He called out sharply. Phasma was out of uniform, in her quarters. Her pale, naked form was covered only by Hux, who rested his back into her chest. Hux wore nothing as well, keeping silent while he felt her breath against his neck. She ran her fingers through his ginger hair, carefully trimming the sides with a pair of shiny scissors. "Yes, Emperor." She replied, humming to herself. "Is the next phase of Backlash in place?" Kylo Ren asked, curtly. He punched in coordinates to the Veman system as he spoke. "It is Sir," she said with a pause. The Sith Master picked up on her inflection, missing nothing. "What's the problem?" He asked, sounding annoyed. "It's General Nujaris. He has his reservations about this course of action." She stated, brushing a thumb over Hux's jaw. Phasma got the disgraced leader to turn his head toward her. "I believe that's why we have clones in place, on every First Order ship." Kylo replied. He wanted to choke the life out Nujaris himself. The man who called him Emperor in front of the entire fleet, was looking like a waffling traitor. "I'm going to check on the Kaminoan colony, on Neman 3. Then I'm meeting our Empress at the location of her choosing. Execute Nujaris at the first sign of his hesitation." Phasma leaned forward, pushing her chest deeper into Hux's back. He tried to sit up, but she wrapped her hand around his narrow waist, keeping him in place. "Sir." She said, sounding concerned. The General had more to add, but was abruptly cut off. "The perfect opportunity has risen." Kylo said, interrupting her. "We've waited long enough and I rather she'd not be...there." He added cryptically. "I agree, Sir." Phasma said. She brushed her fingers in Hux's neatened hair. "I look forward to meeting the Empress...formally that is." Kylo Ren smiled, starting the ignition to the Interceptor. "Give my regards to your pet." He said with a chuckle. Phasma disconnected the call and leaned into her captive lover. "Did you hear that?" She whispered. Without warning, she bit down on his earlobe and sucked it into her mouth. A knock came at Rey's door. Finn and Poe stood patiently, hearing the Jedi fumbling around in her room. Poe couldn't help but tease Finn. "She's probably not wearing anything," he said in a low, husky voice. Finn felt his cheeks burn at the conjured image. "Or very little." Whispered the pilot. Finn sighed, as Poe gave him a pat on his shoulder. Rey cracked her door open slightly, tilting just an eye and part of her face at her friends. "Uh...I can't seem to find—" Finn held up a hanger holding a small, unisex mechanic's jumpsuit. Rey's eyes widened, grabbing the bluish-gray garment from him. "Thanks!" She called out, leaving the door cracked just a little. Both men stepped back, resting on their heels. Poe cleared his throat. "Well, you missed breakfast." He spoke up, shifting his eyes to Finn. "But you're just in time for lunch." "General Organa came to check on you this morning. She had your hiking garments and vest laundered. They'll be ready before you head out." Finn said, with a hint of disappointment in his voice. He didn't like the idea of Rey facing Kylo Ren once more. It was like playing hot potato with a thermal detonator. She kept getting away, but he eventually her luck would run out. "Oh, Kriff." Rey muttered, thinking about what little clothing she fell asleep in. She wondered why a sheet was draped over her when she woke. The Jedi quickly worked on her hair, getting her sleepless knots into something presentable. "I'm starving." Rey said, pushing the door open. She smiled brightly at her friends, before jumping into Finn's arms. Surprised, he wrapped her into a hug. Poe's eyes grew wide, happy for his best friend. "You too." She said, wrapping an arm around Poe. "You were successful, then?" Rey asked, pulling away to look at them both. There was an optimistic ring to her voice. Finn had the device in his hand and flipped it into the air, casually catching it. "Of course, it's us." He replied, sounding a little cocky. Rey used the Force to snatch it, when he tossed it up again. Finn cleared his throat in response, avoiding Poe's teasing smirk. The Jedi inspected every inch of the restrictor, walking towards the mess area. "Thanks." She said softly, lost in thought. Her temperament shifted so quickly, that Poe and Finn exchanged puzzled glances. "Ugh, wait up Rey." Finn called, chasing after her. "You want to try some of this?" Poe asked, showing Rey the fish protein on his plate. She turned away, covering her nose. "Er, that smells revolting," she said, sounding harsher than she meant. Rey's reaction stunned her friends. The pilot moved his tray to the far end of the table, getting it away from the Jedi Knight. Her eyes watered and she apologetically gestured towards Poe. "Sorry," she called out faintly. "What's gotten into you lately?" Asked Finn, leaning across the table. Rey usually ate everything in sight, but her appetite was just one of the things that he found odd. "I've got this headache that won't go away. Kylo's present at all times, like a dull sensation behind my ears." Rey set her fork down and picked up the data tablets that Finn swiped from the abandoned Separatist facility. She skipped past files belonging to a cybernetic life form known as Grievous. Towards the back end of the tablets, she came across ancient Sith Droid armor designs. They were eerily similar to Darth Vader. "This is what I need." She said softly. "Maybe you can make heads or tails of that? We considered taking it straight to General Organa but—" "I'm glad you didn't." Rey said, resting her hand against the side of her head. She flipped through the engineering schematics finding additional armor pieces that matched Darth Vader's suit. After a few minutes she let out a deep sigh and set the tablet down. Finn watched his friend closely, waiting for her to speak. "It self guides. Of course it does." She said, snorting a little. The Jedi shook her head in disbelief. She couldn't believe things had come to this. "Apparently, once the restrictor is in...it's in for good. Removing it is too dangerous, even for someone as strong as Kylo Ren." Well good! Finn thought, wanting to jump all over the statement. He held his opinion in check, lowering his gaze. "Are you having second thoughts about this?" He asked softly, wanting to rub Rey's back and comfort her. As usual, he refused to act in the moment. "No." Rey said confidently. She rose from the bench and grabbed the restrictor. "That's the problem." She added, leaving before he could stop her. Finn spun around on the bench, watching her walk away. She looked good, even in the baggy jumpsuit. "Was it something you said?" Asked Poe, hunching next to him. He picked through Rey's half eaten tray. Rey headed into the bunkers underneath the base. Dantooine was perfectly suited for the Resistance, having once served as an extensive Rebellion base. The Jedi skipped down the steps to the command center, in a hurry to find Leia Organa. She was greeted by BB-8 at the bottom, who whistled loudly. "Yes, thank you BB-8," She replied, smiling at him. The little droid informed Rey that her clothes were finished and in her quarters. A little more than a year ago, the Jedi couldn't imagine having someone else do her laundry. Water was so scarce and precious on Jakku, doing laundry was considered to be a luxury. Practically every world she had been visited since, was lush and green. "Rey," called General Organa from the middle of the room. The Jedi flashed her eyes at Leia, letting her know she needed a word in private. A tall advisor caught Leia's attention, "we haven't seen this kind of First Order activity since Kylo Ren took over." His deep voice made the General turn back to the display overhead. "What are you up to?" She muttered aloud, talking to her son without realizing it. The First Order regrouped in the past few days and changed all their communication signals. They were now operating on old, Imperial frequencies. The thought sent a tingle down Leia's spine. "Could they be planning a raid. Possibly a resource grab?" Asked Admiral Ackbar. He turned to Leia, hoping for some guidance from the Force. Her thoughts lingered on Rey, waving the Jedi forward. "What do you think, Master Jedi?" Leia said, getting everyone's attention. Rey tilted her chin up and approached the table. She suddenly wished she was in something other than the jumpsuit, like Jedi robes. "Kylo Ren has the entire First Order convinced that the Resistance took out their engineering facilities and eliminated Hux's officers. So they will be looking to find and eliminate this base, at all costs." "How does that differ from the First Order's typical agenda?" The tall commander replied with a huff. "Because Kylo Ren is going to turn every ship they have into a flying, reckless dagger. He's going to trade ship for ship." Rey said, getting a stunned look from everyone, including Leia. "But how—" Asked Admiral Ackbar, his mouth opening wide in shock. "His losses would be just as great as ours!" "Kylo Ren has another army; a Clone Army. He doesn't care about the First Order...not anymore. The Sith Master believed he had someone in his possession that could control the First Order, unconditionally." Rey said, pausing for a moment to look down. "The First Order has been reduced to pawns, sweeping the board clear of enemies. It was the Clone Army that sacked Snoke's engineering facilities. They also helped him take over the Finalizer and defeat the Snoke." Rey titled her head and pried into the thoughts of Leia's council. She hoped there was no misunderstanding here. The Resistance needed to be on their toes, for a very different kind of assault. "He doesn't want anyone interfering." Leia said, watching her council closely. "They'll offer no quarter, do you understand? That's the orders he's handed down. Every First Order ship with be like a giant warhead; every stormtrooper will be a walking thermal detonator." She stated with confidence. The Jedi Knight had gleaned much from Kylo Ren, taking full advantage of their connection. Leia understood where the intel came from, but was grateful her senior leadership was accepting it as gospel. "Where would this Clone Army be getting ships and its supplies from?" Admiral Ackbar asked. Leia squeezed her eyes together, dreading the answer, before she heard it. "I'm sorry to say, from us . The Rebellion, I mean. In the years after the Emperor's death, volunteers went after the Remnants of the Empire. The equipment and ships they collected, went to the outer reach junkyards. I grew up on a planet, Jakku, that had such Imperial vessels. Some crash landed as a result of this campaign." "The Battle of Jakku." Leia interjected. Her council exchanged glances, as if suddenly realizing their careless mistake. Many of the advisers on staff served in the Rebellion and led the crusade against the Remnants. "Yes." Rey replied. "Others battle cruisers were stored there because the planet was dry and could preserve the ships. The ones that flew or could be salvaged, didn't stay in the desert for long. I worked my childhood away, collecting parts. Many of which, are currently in the possession of the Empire." She shuddered at the thought. Leia's advisers became really quiet, listening to Rey. The General herself became misty-eyed at this. The love of her life, Han Solo, led the charge against the Remnants. A sick feeling hit her stomach. The smuggler turned war hero, never spent much time with Ben; not when it counted most. He was gone chasing down the last of the rogue Star Destroyers. Obviously, their son was well aware of the missions that kept his father away. "If I could borrow the General for a moment," Rey said, stepping away from the limelight. Leia followed Rey into the nearest corridor. BB-8 kept watch at the end of the hallway, making sure the pair wasn't disturbed. "Your son." Rey said, keeping her voice lowered. "I need to know he won't be imprisoned or executed." She said, flashing Leia a look of determination. "I won't allow it." "So, you'll go through with it?" Leia asked, watching Rey carefully. She wasn't sure how Kylo Ren would respond to having his powers leashed. Qui-Gon Jinn's warning made her wary. Imprisonment may be the only recourse, if only a temporary measure. There were serious trust and security issues, if Rey managed to subdue him. "I need your word." Rey said, folding her arms. "I'll have it in writing by the time you get back." She said softly. Her expression was one of fleeting optimism. "I need your word on something, too." Leia said, collecting herself. "If Kylo...if Ben can't be captured, safely." She started, choosing her words carefully. "If it comes down to your life or his, because it might—save yourself." The General said, hoping that Rey understood what she was trying to convey. The Jedi put a hand on Leia's arm, squeezing it affectionately. After a brief moment to reflect, Rey spoke up. "There is something I need to ask you, something personal. It's about the years following the Battle of Endor." Leia gave Rey a small smile, trying lift her own spirits. "Do you recall a woman named Talsi?" Rey asked, her voice cracking. The Jedi Knight's eyes were sparkling in the dim corridor. She felt like she was asking the General a favor, simply by mentioning the name of a ghost. "Why, yes of course." Replied Leia, slow to pick up on where Rey was going with this. "Talsi, was my mother." Rey said quietly. Leia tilted her head and squinted for a heartbeat. Suddenly, her worn face brightened with a look of surprise, followed by a big smile. "Oh my, of course." Leia said, recalling the instant connection she had with Rey. It was skin deep, from the moment she laid eyes on her. The General reached out and pulled the Jedi in for a hug. Leia's hands cupped Rey's face, drinking in her features carefully. "Of course! She was so brave, oh your mother. Talsi hunted down the Remnants for years." A tear ran down Leia's cheek. Rey grinned widely, letting Leia examine her, like she was seeing the young woman for the first time. "I do have a question...and it's imperative I get an answer." She said, letting her smile fade. The Jedi exhaled deeply. "I'm not sure how to phrase it. I am in love with your son." Leia reluctantly pulled her hands away from Rey, but kept her smile. This wasn't news to the General. "It's just, the Jedi aren't talking right now." Rey said, biting her bottom lip. "And Obi-Wan conveniently left something out." The young woman looked down, embarrassed, before finding Leia again. "Did Talsi—did my mother have a relationship with Han Solo?" Rey asked, feeling her stomach reach up into her throat. Leia's eyes darkened, her face looking like she had been punched by a Wookiee. "Excuse me?" The General asked, in a whisper. "Is there a chance that Han Solo is my father?" Rey asked, her eyes brimming with tears. "Oh, hell no!" Finn yelled, watching Poe attempting to beat his pull-up record. The pilot was surprising the small crowd near the landing strip, with his exhibition. No one had gotten this close to Finn's record, but Poe was running out of steam. From across the runway, Rey stormed towards the Millennium Falcon. She changed out of the jumpsuit and was in her signature vest and hiking gear. Chewie took long strides from behind, trying to keep up with her. Artoo and BB-8 trailed far back, chirping at the pair. Finn noticed Rey and called to her. When she didn't stop, he sprinted toward the Falcon. "I want us on the same page with this," Rey stopped, letting Chewbacca pass her. The wookiee roared in response. He clearly was unhappy with her directive, but he'd get over it. The sooner she had Kylo Ren, the better, the Jedi thought. She adjusted the tendrils drifting across her forehead, watching Finn approach. The Jedi wasn't sure why she kept styling her hair the same way. It was just a stubborn habit now; a memorial to a family that she'd never know. I like it , hissed a familiar voice. And we'll start a new family. Rey turned abruptly, slamming their connection shut. Kylo Ren was somewhere in the Galaxy, laughing to himself. She could feel it. "Rey." Finn said, slowing down and planting in front of her. "Did you speak with Luke Skywalker yet?" He asked, avoiding all the things he wanted to say. "He's in the forest, trying to reconnect with the dead." Rey said flippantly, flashing a glance at the tree line. "I know what needs to be done." "What's wrong?" Finn asked, reaching for her hand. He carried such a torch for her and she had trouble acting ignorant anymore. It was tiring and heartbreaking at the same time. "Kiss me." Rey replied, searching his thoughts. He looked stunned and tensed up. "Um," was all he could muster in response. The Jedi rolled her eyes. She leaned in and pulled him in for a kiss, finding his hesitant lips. Her eyebrows snapped together, trying to feel something more for her best friend. He relaxed and explored Rey's mouth, losing himself in the moment. She pulled away, placing both hands on his chest. Finn kept his eyes closed, unable to find his voice. It was nice, but it wasn't quite right. "If this was all I could offer, would it be enough?" She asked, swallowing the lump in her throat. Finn's eyes opened slowly. "What do you mean?" he croaked. "I am a Jedi Knight. Which means, we can never be together." She said, sounding colder than she meant to. Her eyes saddened, feeling Finn's confusion. Finn looked away for a second and rubbed the back of his head. "But—but you could be with Kylo Ren, is that it?" He asked, stumbling over his words. He felt heat rising to his cheeks. "I'm not sure I can be with anyone." She said, sounding miserable. "You've only ever been good to me. I know how you feel, but all I can ever offer you is friendship." Rey said, biting her puffy lower lip. The two had been such good friends. It wasn't enough for Finn and he shook his head in disgust. "You should never have kissed me." He said, turning away from her. He kicked the ground, sending dirt and grass away from them. "It was worth it, even if you never speak to me again. I envy the woman that steals your heart next." Rey headed into the Falcon, leaving Finn outside. "Or man," she added under her breath. BB-8 stayed by Finn, watching the Jedi disappear from view. A part of Finn felt like he was leaving with her. It made him feel frustrated and more alone than ever. He rested both hands on top of his head, wanting to scream into the setting sky. The Millennium Falcon's landing lights flashed on and off. It's engines powered to life. Finn backed away, getting a brief look at Rey behind the controls. He heard a voice in his head, like someone whispering a secret in his ear. "Kill," it hissed. Finn spun around, looking for the disembodied voice. He saw Poe approaching, but didn't see anyone close enough to sneak up on him. The Millennium Falcon took off into the sky, followed by Rey's altered X-Wing fighter. "Hey what gives?" Asked Poe, walking up to Finn. "Why would Rey get a different pilot to fly the X-Wing? Did you see who it was?" BB-8 whistled loudly in response. "Anders?" Poe said, looking at his disgruntled best friend for confirmation. BB-8 rolled forward, relaying the conversation he overheard. The best pilot in the Resistance knelt to one knee, listening closely. "Rey's concerned about what attack—do you mean here, BB-8?" He asked, suddenly feeling like the Jedi kept him there for a reason. "I applaud your work here, Casna." Kylo Ren said, staring out the large windows. The view was picturesque; legions of Clone troopers lined in formation. Star Destroyers from a previous generation landed in the distance to collect them. Operations in the expanse below were running smoothly. These warriors didn't need someone like Hux to order them around. The Clone Army would be loyal to the bitter end. Casna hovered above Kylo Ren, looking pleased. Her elongated form, dark round eyes, and calm personality, never gave the Sith Master a reason to doubt her. The Kaminoans were grateful that Kylo Ren rescued them from near extinction. What was left of their race, managed to survive on Neman 3 for over a decade. "I haven't forgotten my promise." Kylo stated, before releasing the clasps and placing his mask on the table next to him. He removed the top layers of his uniform, exposing his back to his long time ally. She approached and looked intently at a small scar. It was one of many imperfections on his skin, but this one she was specifically responsible for. "This will have to get replaced," she said, without needing to scan the bio chip. Casna grabbed a small white gun from a stainless steel tray and punched it into Kylo's back. He didn't so much as flinch, as the faulty chip pried out of his skin. "Just as we feared, it malfunctioned in battle." Casna said. Her Black eyes had galaxies for pupils, making her race difficult to read; even for a Sith. "When you didn't make contact for a few weeks, we began to worry," she said, sounding deeply concerned for a Kaminoan. "I've told you before, the chip is to ensure Rey's survival, more than anything." Kylo said, leaning forward on the medical table. "If something happened to me, the Clones would be there to protect her." Casna injected him again, putting in a new monitoring chip into his shoulder. "What do you mean, you worried?" He asked, getting back into his tunic and robes. The tall creature ushered him out of the observing wing and into a different part of the facility. "Well, Master Ren, you're monitor sent us a flat line signal." She said, getting him to look up at her. Kylo kept his mask tucked in the crook of his arm, entering Casna's thoughts. "It appears for a brief moment, your heart stopped." Casna said, keeping her eyes forward. She moved so gracefully, compared to Kylo Ren's usual stalking stride. The Sith Master thought about it for a moment, before his eyes lit up. "The Empress." He said, with a smirk. "We dueled on the Tower and she nearly sent me to my death. The Jedi was terrified she had killed me." Kylo savored the memory , recalling the panic that she felt. "Oh my. Than I must apologize for the confusion on our end." She replied, placing a hand on a wall console. "What do you mean?" Kylo said, eyeing her skeptically. "You didn't try to clone me, did you?" He asked with a smirk. The metallic privacy screen they stood in front of, faded away like a force field. The screen revealed a window to a darkened room. Kylo Ren couldn't make out what was in there, but he felt a strong presence. "Cloning a Force Sensitive is impossible. Combining genes however, is a different story." Casna said, flashing her stellar eyes at him. Kylo Ren looked perplexed, narrowing his gaze into the darkened room. The lights finally flickered on, revealing a medical suite with a glass cylinder in the middle. "What is this?" He snapped, demanding that Casna explain quickly. "We'll, when a clone couldn't work, we went to something more natural. You brought us bandages from the Empress, if you recall." Kylo Ren dropped his helmet. The sound echoed loudly in the empty hallway. His voice went dry, looking into the cylinder across from him. "That was so you she'd have blood supply in the event of an emergency." His forehead leaned onto the glass. "Rey...she's going to gut me over this." He said aloud, stunned at the sight before him. "How would you like for us to proceed?" Casna asked, resting her long hands in front of her thighs. "I have to speak with the Empress. For now, make sure the baby survives." Kylo said, pressing his head on the glass. A strange feeling washed over him; he suddenly wished he could speak with Leia. "As for my promise. I've learned of a planet called Ahch-To. You're people will flourish there—it's population have all moved on. It was once the home of the Jedi Order." Kylo said, turning to face her. Casna brought her hands near her long neck and clasped them in joy. "That sounds wonderful, Master Ren." She said. "At last, my people can live in peace." Kylo Ren looked up at her. "Peace is a lie." He stated, summoning his mask to his outstretched palm. The Sith Master walked away from her, pulling the mask over his ears. "I should have known you'd pick a desert." Kylo called down to Rey, watching her emerge from a grove of palm trees. "You could have talked to me a little, my love. That was a long flight." He stood up in the X-Wing, and leapt down with ease. The precautions Rey made worked perfectly. The Sith Master came alone. Rey clenched her jaw, keeping her expression neutral. Her lightsaber was clearly visible, clipped at her waist. The sight of the gleaming weapon and her determination, excited the Sith Master. "At least the sun is down and it's surprisingly cool." He said, circling her from a size-able distance. Rey was fast and her intentions to fight were evident. "I did not come here to battle." The Sith Master said, raising a hand a little toward her. It wasn't a threatening gesture; Kylo was hoping to set her mind at ease. "Fighting is the only thing you love in this galaxy." She said, gritting her teeth. "Remove that mask." In her heart, she knew that wasn't true. "Only if you'll hear me out first." Kylo said, surprising her with the sound of his sincerity. "Please come closer, it would make this easier." He said. "I suppose it would." Replied Rey, thinking about the restrictor attached to the back of her belt. "We we're interrupted before." He said, removing the mask so she could see him clearly. Kylo set the mask on the ground and pulled off his gloves next. The Sith Master draped them over his mask, keeping his eyes on his love. She was tense and difficult to get a read on. He took a step closer to Rey, his fierce eyes burning into hers. "That lightsaber belongs in the family." He stated, giving her a small smile. "My father." Rey interrupted. "You know his identity." It wasn't a question. Kylo scowled in response. "What difference does that make right now, Rey?" Kylo said, becoming quickly annoyed that she was interrupting him. He moved closer again and she twisted away from his reach. "Since when are you afraid of me touching you?" "I'm not." She spat back at him, feeling herself blush. "Rey…" he said, reaching for her hand. "Let me say this please, and you can have whatever answers you need. You can cut me down afterwards." The Jedi reluctantly gave in, allowing her hand to be dwarfed by his bigger one. Her pulse quickened on contact. The Sith Master got onto one knee and Rey panicked. She fought to get her hand back, but he cupped it with both palms. "You are my light." He said softly. "No." She said, her voice shaking. He ignored her, undeterred by her protests. "There's so much we share. There's much to look forward to." He said, placing a hand on her stomach. "We can have a life together. A future where it's safe...for our family." "What are you saying?" She gasped, her eyes traveling down to fingers. "You're my family; you're my home." He said, feeling the second Force signature within her. "You haven't noticed anything changing in your clothes or appetite? How about the increase in our connection? That foolish apparition thought it was the Dark Side tearing you apart. I guess we know who the child will take after." Rey felt like she going to hyperventilate. She may be young, but how could she miss the signs? How could Leia for that matter? The Jedi wanted to pull away from him, but her feet wouldn't budge. Her eyes remained fixed on his hand, pressing into her body. She felt it too. She felt him. Kylo wrapped his hands around her back and pressed the side of his head into her stomach. Rey's fingers instinctively found the back of his head. Her eyes swelled, unable to find her voice. "You saw our son in your trials, didn't you?" He asked, grinning into her belly. She could feel his smile and it made her speechless. "Marry me, Rey. You're the mother of my children. You're my Light. I could never cast you out; I'd never want to. The galaxy can be safe again. With our passion and love, we'll bring balance to the Force." Rey closed her eyes, fighting her nerves. "Children?" She whispered. After a moment, she found her voice. The Jedi stroked Kylo's hair as she cleared her throat. "How? How could we bring balance...through bloodshed?" She asked. "It's all but taken care of, my love. I've become strong enough to protect you from any threat. I can even bring you back from the brink. Please say something Rey...please say, yes." He said, leaning back on his heels to look into her sparkling eyes. "Yes." She said, biting her lower lip. "I will marry you." Kylo's face lit up, he motioned to stand up, desperate to kiss his fiancée. Rey pushed down on his shoulders, holding him in place. The Sith Master smiled and leaned his head back into her stomach. "I'm sorry." Rey said. A sharp pain drilled into Kylo Ren's neck. The Jedi held him tightly, feeling his pain through the Force. Kylo wanted to scream, but nothing came out. He wanted to push Rey away, but his arms fell limp at his sides. He was fragile, remaining on his knees only because the Jedi held him up. She ran her fingers through his locks, wishing only to comfort him. Rey cupped his face with her left hand. "Kylo." she repeated, watching his eyelids grow heavy. "We'll get past this." She said sternly, trying to pry into her fiance's mind. "Kylo, who is my father?" She felt him fading and fell to her knees to embrace him. He sank into her, dropping his head on her shoulder. "Your father?" He asked weakly. His breath was soft against her ear. "I..." his voice trailed off. "Tell me, Ben." She said, hoping to elicit a coherent response by using his given name. Kylo's chin rested on her shoulder. He felt safe in her arms and drifted to sleep. "Ben!" She shouted, shaking him. "I killed him," he muttered, before passing out. The restrictor cemented itself into Kylo Ren's spinal column. The ordeal was excruciating, overpowering his nerves. The Sith Master would need time to recover. Rey sobbed openly, wrapping both arms around him. She felt his pain and was relieved that the worst was past him. It didn't matter what Kylo said. She knew this decision would cost her, but she never imagined this much was on the line. "Forgive me," she whispered, pulling him impossibly close. Notes: Stay calm everyone, we're not done yet. Showdown next chapter. Thanks for your comments! They make me skip through the park. People get concerned. Chapter 26 : Interrogation II Summary: Kylo Ren is in Rey's custody. She's not feeling like herself and gives in to the Dark Side, in order to torture him. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) In total darkness, the soft rattling of chains woke him. There was a distinct aroma, something from his childhood that flooded his mind with buried memories. Kylo's arms felt heavy, his hands hanging in an unnatural position. They were spread away from his body and restrained near shoulder height. Kylo opened his blurry eyes, adjusting to his surroundings. The Falcon , he thought, trying to work a stiff knot from his neck. He was throbbing there, feeling like someone drilled for hours in the same spot. His vision focused in on Rey. She sat curled in a small chair, with red stained cheeks. His love cried herself to sleep . The Sith Master swallowed hard, trying to find his voice. He wanted to reach out and comfort her, but couldn't. A growl in the corner, made him pause. He noticed a big, shaggy silhouette in the back. "I thought it smelled like wet dog in here." Kylo muttered, loud enough for Chewbacca to hear. Chewy took a step forward, but didn't want to wake Rey. The Wookiee adored Rey, from the very start. She was the only reason he didn't gut Kylo Ren, the second he was pulled on board. As if reading his thoughts, Kylo rose slowly to his feet. "Care to try again?" He said, propping his entire body up by the bindings. Jedi restraints , he sneered, looking at the energy infused locks. He realized Rey removed his shirt. Maybe she just wanted to see his bare chest and torso again? He wondered. The Wookiee could see the damage he inflicted on his nephew. The scars had been treated well enough, but Kylo Ren would forever bear physical evidence of killing Han Solo. His torso, chest and face, branded him darkly. He killed his own father. The thought sickened Chewy, making his lips curl. Rey stirred, lifting her head up and slowly covering a yawn. "Kylo." She said sleepily, shifting forward on her seat. Chewy walked away, leaving Rey to say her peace. The Jedi stood up and stretched. Kylo would be lying if he didn't think she looked as delicious as ever. She came to him, stepping over a yellow band, taped on the grated floor. Rey wasn't afraid to get in his reach radius. Her sparkling eyes hypnotized him and the Jedi quickly pressed her lips on his. Rey's hands carefully cradled the back of his head, deepening the kiss. She moaned softly, allowing Kylo access to her mouth. He hungrily sucked her tongue, massaging it. The Sith Master longed to break from the chains and pull her into his lap. Kylo struggled with the bindings, trying to bring them down. As if reading his thoughts, Rey pressed down on his shoulders. Kylo eased back, feeling the strain of the shackles on his wrists. The Jedi climbed into his lap, scooting closer until her stomach rested against his abs. The Sith groaned, hardening against her. "Ben." She sighed. It was an accidental slip, not meant to be malicious. Kylo titled his head and bit softly into her neck. He quickly soothed the bite with a kiss. "I've been so worried. I wanted to make sure you were okay before we took off. I must have been tired." The engines to the Falcon roared to life. He kissed the other side of her neck and she moaned again. "I had the worst dream." He said, in between kisses. "Me too." She responded, with a whimper. "I felt nothing but darkness." The Jedi explored Kylo's hair, her fingers wandering in the denseness of it. Force, she loved his hair. It was a dark forest she could lose herself in. Rey felt his excitement and smiled. He pressed into the right side of her thigh, towards the curve of her ass. It took all her willpower to refrain from grinding down on his erection. She blushed, allowing herself to ease back onto his manhood. Kylo inhaled in response, wishing there were fewer layers between them. Ugh, we can't do this now , she thought, snapping her eyebrows together. "Later, I promise." Rey said, pouting and trying to lift herself off. He bucked into her, getting the Jedi to settle back down on him. "Kylo! I have to help fly the Falcon." Rey's fingers accidentally slipped over the small disc on the back of Kylo's head. He hissed, breathing quickly. "What...what have you done to me?" He asked, looking suddenly betrayed and fearful all at once. The Jedi couldn't find the words. She looked away, unable to hold his intense stare. Her arms draped around his shoulders. Rey wished they were like any other couple, sitting in a park or meadow somewhere. Not two warriors on opposite sides of the battlefield. This was sadly, an ordinary situation for them both to find themselves in. Kylo's eyes widened, trying to read his love. "What have you done to me, Rey?" Kylo asked again, his voice sounding edgy. He could sense something wrong...something off with his abilities. There was power he could no longer tap into. Rey's eyes silently pleaded with him, as she swallowed hard. "Your powers are out of control. They're unrivaled and scary, Kylo." Her bottom lip trembled. Seeing the look on her man's face, made her want to burst into tears. "This is necessary for us to be together — to save you and bring you home." Rey said, trying to keep calm. "That's what you want right, for us to be together?" The Jedi was in his thoughts, feeling his anger rise. She remained in his lap, ignoring her better judgement. Rey couldn't help but ease back, to tease him and rub into his stiff member. What had gotten into her? "If you want something from me, you're going to have to take it from me...Jedi" He said, defiantly. With that, the Sith Master shut her out of his mind. Kylo tried to move his hips back, so she couldn't feel his hardness. Rey placed her hands on his chest and climbed off of him. "I'm very sorry." She said, looking down. "Not as sorry as you're going to be." Kylo hissed, wishing he could grab her. He wanted to hold her down and punish her properly for the betrayal. The thought delighted him, though this time the Jedi had gone too far. "You need to be punished. Your friends will be destroyed. I know they had a hand in this." "You will not harm my friends." Rey said, getting agitated. "You always threaten my friends and I'm sick of it." She said, crossing her arms. The lights overhead flickered, but only Kylo seemed to notice. "These won't hold me forever." He said, shaking the restraints. "It's only a matter of time," his lips curled. "And theirs is up." Rey got the feeling that Kylo Ren was talking about much more than his restraints."What are you hiding from me?" She asked, narrowing her eyes. The lights buzzed and flickered again. Kylo looked around. Piece of junk , he thought. "I'm getting you a better ship when this is all over." "What are you hiding?" She demanded again. An access panel flew off wall but Rey caught it with the Force. Kylo raised an eyebrow, watching Rey and the floating panel. She gave just a subtle head nod, the panel floated back into place and re-latched. He paused for a moment. "Interesting. I'm hiding a lot from you, sweetheart. Care to take a peak?" Kylo Ren leaned back on the chains, unwilling to give her anything but an arrogant smirk. The Jedi clenched her jaw, considering walking away from Kylo. "If you ever call me that again." She stopped herself, knowing this was what he wanted. They would be back on the base soon enough. Rey took a deep breath, trying to remain patient. Hopefully Leia will hold up her end. Kylo shifted on the uncomfortable seat they gave him. "You can't go back there." He said, in a low voice. "It's not...I won't let you take me there." The Sith Master said, sounding evasive. Rey got closer to him, pushing into their connection. "Tell me." She ordered, not wanting to play this game with him. The Sith Master cranked his neck and smirked. "Not until you give me some head" he said. The lights flickered on the Falcon, as the old gal dropped out of hyperspace. The entire ship rocked violently and Rey whirled around, staring towards the cockpit. The Jedi thought for a moment, before looking back at Kylo. Rey's anger and frustration was apparent on her face. "Did you just disable my ship?" Her eyes bored into him. The Sith Master leaned back, giving her a puzzled look. "No, Rey. You have me in these blasted Jedi restraints." He said, carefully. "That was...you. Are you feeling okay?" He asked, smirking at the bewildered look on her face. Rey rose her hand at Kylo's forehead. "I don't know what's gotten into me." She said, her voice ragged. Kylo Ren felt his forehead tighten, squeezing like a vice. This wasn't like her, this feeling . It was Dark. "Stop Rey." He pleaded, as she increased the pressure. "I shouldn't have tried to push you. You're more upset than usual and I think I know why." She dove onto his lap, straddling his waist. He grunted loudly, feeling the chains pull him back. "You think you know?" The Jedi grabbed his face with both hands, Forcing the Bond open. Kylo cried out in pain. "Fine. Rey, take whatever you want." The grated floors beneath them began to shake. Her eyelids pressed tightly shut, unable to control herself. You can blow up whole worlds with the Force and I'm suppose to stand by and do nothing? Do you care for me at all, you selfish Sith? Tell me every little secret you have left! Kylo fought her invasion, but his head was still weak. Several circuits overloaded nearby, sparking. "The base...you know where it is." She gasped, opening her eyes in shock. Kylo breathed excitedly, wanting Rey more than ever. "What else?" He panted, lowering his forehead into hers. Rey flashed her eyes at him, allowing him to rest his head against hers. "There's more. What else do you see?" Kylo never felt her power like this before. He wondered how much farther she could go, before realizing the damage she was doing to her own ship. "You...you've ordered the attack. Kylo, no." She said, pulling back, worried about her friends. The tremors on the ship stopped, as Chewy rounded the corner. The Wookiee called out to Rey in a panic, unable to figure out what was wrong with the Falcon. "You can't take us there. I'm not letting my pregnant bride anywhere near that system." Kylo said, looking up at the restraints. The Jedi looked around at the ship, realizing what she had done. Rey climbed off him without saying another word. She grabbed her toolkit and got to work. "Rey get back here." He yelled. C-3PO monitored the incoming transmission and gestured towards Leia, "This is a wide band First Order communication. They are asking to speak with any Resistance vessels in the area." One of Leia's patrols relayed the message to the Resistance base, on Dantooine. Leia looked at the droid in surprise. "The First Order switched over to Imperial frequencies, when Kylo Ren caught on to us. Why would they be trying to hail us at all?" She looked at Admiral Ackbar who didn't have an answer. "You can't be thinking about answering this call." Poe interjected, stepping up. He looked around, surprised that no one was backing him up. General Organa closed her eyes and let her feelings stretch beyond the underground bunker. Maz Kanata stood on her chair and climbed onto the command table. She watched Leia with great interest. "Yes." Leia said slowly, before inhaling suddenly. "Defectors." She breathed. Maz smiled at her, coming to the same conclusion. "Do you remember how they snuck aboard the Thrive?" Poe asked in frustration. Finn moved next to his best friend, waiting to throw his two cents in. "That seemed like ages ago, who can remember that." Murmured Finn, getting Poe to smirk. Leia overheard and didn't find it funny; she heard everything people tried to whisper. She still hid that faint 'JEDI' scar on her arm, everyday with long sleeves. The General cleared her throat. "I'm sure of this. Patch it through" She said, folding her arms. An image flickered onto the large holoscreen above their heads. It was General Nujaris, her old rival. Leia's face froze, taking in the grim sight before her. "General Organa." He said, trying to stand upright. He was bleeding from the top of the head and the bridge of his ship looked like it had been in a firefight. Sparks rained down from the ceiling. Engineers tried to smother the fires that were breaking out in the background. "Nujaris." Leia said coldly, not trusting him for one moment. "There's not much time. We've barricaded the bridge, but the clones will be through soon." Leia glanced at Maz, who looked genuinely concerned for this stranger's safety. "Kylo Ren has a Clone Army." He said, trying to stem the loss of blood from his head. A medic rushed to his aid, but he waved them off. Leia kept quiet, not wanting to give him a reaction one way or the other. "They turned on us, because I wouldn't go along with this suicide invasion." He coughed, breathing deeply. It was when he stood up straight and grimaced that Leia realized the severity of this man's injuries. She sensed he was fading, struggling to remain conscious. Leia's eyes widened, trying to do her best to mask the sudden, sinking feeling the Force was sending her. This was what Rey warned them about. Her connection with Kylo Ren led her to certain conclusions about the strategies he'd employ. Wasting the First Order to clear the board for the Clones. "He knows, Leia. Your son. " Nujaris was not the typical First Order officer. There were rumors that some First Order officers protested the use of the Starkiller weapon. Leia always dismissed these. The color drained from Leia's face, as everyone listening in was figuring out the identity of her son. "That can't be. I have that on good authority..." Leia said, nodding for her people to standby and cut the transmission. "Kylo Ren has a bond with your Jedi...the young woman." "Oh, Kriff." Leia cursed, turning away and leaning on the table. That wasn't public knowledge . What in the hell? "Apparently, the Jedi said something about a clone being on your base. Kylo Ren overheard and passed the information along to the Kaminoans. He's been hiding the cloner race somewhere in the outer reaches." A loud rumble shook the video feed and Nujaris toppled over. "General Nujaris!" Leia shouted, feeling like everything was spiraling out of control. She finally had the fleet she needed. She had the Republic's reinforcements. The Resistance had more than a fighting chance against the First Order. But one misstep here and all would be lost. Poe stepped forward, glaring at the flickering feed on the screen. "Alena." He said loudly. The pilot refused to see her since she was taken into custody. "The clones have tracking devices in them. It wouldn't have taken him long to discover which clone was on a former Rebellion base." Nujaris said, trying to will himself upright. He reached for his sidearm, eyeing the blast doors off screen. The room behind Leia buzzed. "Start the evacuation." She said, looking to Finn. He immediately hit a silent alarm on a console and sprinted for the landing strips. Poe was on his heels, but veered off for the holding cells. "Poe!" Finn shouted at his friend in the hallway. "I didn't sign up to join the Empire." Said Nujaris, firing his pistol into the cracked open blast doors. "I joined the First Order because they gave my system resources. My people..." Sparks shot up near the General as he spoke. The lights flickered on and off. The clones busted through the blast doors, widening the hole with a chained detonation. Leia watched helpless. "Where is your ship, General?" She asked, wanting to help the defecting General. A louder explosion jolted the blast doors near Nujaris. The clones re-entered the bridge in a swarm. The transmission cut out, leaving Leia feeling cold. She knew too well the shortcomings of the Republic. In the years following the Battle of Endor, systems that were Imperial sympathizers received stringent blockades from the Senate. It was enough to lay the groundwork for something terrible. Something that seduced her son away from the Light. "He waited." Leia said softly, turning to look at Maz. Her thoughts centered on her son. "Until Rey was off the planet." Replied Maz Kanata, finishing the thought. She pressed her tiny mouth together, clearly chewing on something. "What is it?" Leia said, watching her people scramble. She restrained herself from barking out orders. Her council leaders were stepping up, doing their jobs. The Force Sensitive felt her age; she felt tired. "The galaxy needs the Jedi." Maz said, staring off in the distance. The General shifted her eyes to the stone stairwell leading to the surface. Leia needed to get her brother. "Luke has withdrawn again. He's felt Kylo's power and he thinks Rey will fall too." She hadn't talked to her twin since the meeting in the forest but she could sense he was fighting his own demons again. "That's not who I mean." Maz said, giving Leia a mournful smile. "Luke wasn't enough. There needed to be more Masters. True Jedi Masters. One Master for one pupil. He cannot train them all." She said softly. "Besides Rey, who else is capable of training the next Jedi?" Leia asked. She and Maz headed up the stone steps, leading to the surface. Kylo Ren looked at the chains, waiting for Rey to return. He felt something different in her. She was emotional and out of control. They were perfect for each other. The Sith Master would have given anything to see this out of her a few weeks ago. But now... He lowered his head, feeling conflicted. "At least she bought us some time" He muttered. The Knight began pulling at the restraints, trying to break them. The lights flickered back on and he cursed. It had only been about half an hour. "You're pretty good." He called out. Rey rounded the corner wiping her fingers with a rag. "I'm very good." She corrected, looking frustrated with him. "Hyperdrive is still down though?" He smirked. Just as he asked, the Falcon kicked into gear, entering Hyperspace. "Perfect." Rey dropped the rag and glared at him. "That was all you, Rey. I won't call you that name again...sweetheart." He pointed out. She clenched her jaw, then slowly marched towards him. Kylo sat down, hoping she'd take advantage of this short time alone. "You know what I want, Rey?" He asked, lowering his voice. She ignored his playful tone and wasted no time probing his mind, skimming the surface. "Come on Jedi. You can do better than that." He said, pushing back. She grunted, feeling his painful mental intrusion. Rey forgot this part of the connection used to hurt. The Jedi countered, moving closer with her hand stretched out. Why am I torturing my man for intel? She asked herself. "It hasn't hurt like this in awhile, has it Jedi?" He said, trying to slow her down. "Mmm. I wish you would call me, your man, more often." Rey forced herself back in, making his eyes bulge. He had tracking implants in his back. But she already found and removed those. She gasped, pulling out of Kylo Ren's mind. "Damn," Kylo said. "I hoped you removed my shirt because you wanted to ride me like this. All tied up and unable to stop you." Rey stared daggers into him. "I'm leaving." She said. "Stay a little longer." He suggested, leaning his forehead closer to hers. Veins in his neck we're clearly evident, proof that Rey was causing him just as much pain. I miss being inside you , he sent through their connection. Rey pulled away, not wanting to indulge him further. She flipped a switch on the aft communications panel. Chewy roared in response over the speaker. "How much longer until we reach Dantooine?" She called to Chewy. He roared in response. "It's too late for them." Kylo said. "Call off the attack!" Rey commanded. She got right back in Kylo Ren's face, wanting to strangle him. The Sith Master held her gaze defiantly. "I am yours." She said, trying to find warmth in his eyes. "Do you know how hard it is for me to say that?" Rey asked, feeling it weigh on her. Her fingertips were burning with this need to lash out. To make him understand. Kylo looked down, fighting his own anger. "Rey, how the hell could you do this to me?" "I...I want to marry you." She said, fearing his response. "This is what you've always wanted. I think I have too. To have a family." "I would have never done something like this to you." He replied, feeling his anger surging again. "You've limited my abilities and for what? How can I keep our family safe?" He yelled desperately. Rey palmed her forehead, feeling like they were replaying the same argument, over and over. "How can I keep you safe?" His voice cracked. "It's not your job to keep me safe. I am a Jedi Knight!" She yelled back, getting inches from him. The bulkheads groaned from the Force, reverberating around them. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but you need to keep your emotions in check." He said. Rey scoffed at that. "It's been my job to protect you from the moment I rescued you from that Star Destroyer. That's why I brought you to the Jedi Academy." Kylo responded. "Force, I'm freaking out. And it's like you've known about the pregnancy the whole time. You didn't say anything — not once into our connection." "I had to be sure. That foolish ghost thought I was killing you. Then there were the trials where you saw our son. We needed to be in the same vicinity. I needed to be able to hold you and put my arms around you. I would have confirmed it then, not that you ever stuck around long enough." He was on the defensive, clenching his jaw and feeling the need to explain. The Jedi turned away, unable to stare at him. "We're engaged. I said 'yes.'" She sighed, "please Kylo, we need to get past this." "I'm the one you have on a leash. And look, chains too." He snarled, wiggling his arms to make a point. "It's for your own protection." She said, sounding deflated. "From that?" Kylo flicked his chin in the direction of Chewbacca. It was a blatant diss to the Wookiee copilot. "Uncle Fuzzball." He added sharply. "From me." Rey said, folding her arms. His eyes darted down to her lightsaber. Kylo scowled. "I know your friends had a hand in this. Tell me, who knew about the Separatist facility? Who knew where to find plans for Vader's armor? This has cowardly Skywalker all over it." "This was my decision alone. I made it...for the both of us." Kylo laughed, his voice echoing throughout the Falcon. "Do you realize you've fought this... us , every step of the way? Every time I get close enough to have you…you intentionally slip away. When given a choice between staying and leaving, you never choose me." A lot of this was Kylo's own damn fault. Which he bitterly acknowledged, going back to the Finalizer's interrogation room. "I chose you. I will spend the rest of my life with you. But I feel like we're only going to ever be enemies. Do we have to fight each other, forever? Just come home and call off the attack." "You are my home! I became stronger so we could have a future. There was no future with you and I in Jedi robes. And I sure as hell am not going to let you die in my arms." Rey swallowed hard. There was the shared vision again. They were never going to agree on what it meant. She looked away from him, her voice hoarse. "Tell me about my father…" she hoped to change the subject. "It's just like that. You using him as an excuse. We're not brother and sister, Rey. That's the Jedi Order hoping to keep their grubby little hands on their savior." Kylo leaned back, reading Rey's confused expression. "Enough. I'm tired of you verbally attacking everything I care about." She said, gesturing her hand towards him. Her fingers brushed over the hilt of her lightsaber. "You are all that I care about Rey. Forget the Jedi. That manipulative Council, telling you just enough to come to the wrong conclusion. To see the truth from their point of view." Kylo said, his face starting to turn red. "What truth?" Rey asked sharply, feeling heat rising to her cheeks as well. "They need you. For the Jedi to survive, so must their precious Rey. The entire weight of the galaxy on your very small, sexy shoulders. They couldn't bear to lose another Knight to Kylo Ren. We were destined to be together and they know it. And they have lost you. Rey, you belong with me." Rey closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. She wanted to choke him again. Back on Jakku, she'd never allow herself to belong to anyone. But Kylo Ren wasn't just anyone. "Your father was a Jedi, just like you. Had he survived, maybe the Academy would still be around." "What's that suppose to mean?" Rey said, wanting to pry into his thoughts. Kylo was shutting her out, forcing her to look him in the eyes and speak aloud. "He was a realist. He didn't have his head in the clouds, taking advice from cowering specters. Lives could have been spared that day at the academy." "Lives you took." Rey pointed out, raising her voice. She took a step forward, scowling. "He would have joined me...your father. The Jedi Outcast." Kylo said, shaking his restraints. Rey's eyes widened at the name. It gave her goosebumps and the Force hummed in a knowing, deep-seeded way around the title. "The Jedi Outcast." She repeated, letting to roll of her lips. "Kyle Katarn." She whispered, pulling the name from Kylo's mind. "Get me out of these chains, Rey." He said in a low voice, barely acknowledging the revelation this was for her. She stared at him, trying to push deeper into their connection. "No." She replied softly. "You can't be trusted, you're a Sith Master." Kylo growled in response. He rose from his seated position, towering over Rey. "You know, I could tear this ship apart. I can feel every bolt, over-stressed panel, welding job and faulty piece of equipment on this floating relic." Rey clenched her jaw. "And yet, you're not strong enough to break those chains and do what's right!" "Then stab me in the heart with your lightsaber, if you're so convinced I haven't done everything in my power to protect you. Go ahead, you already stabbed me in the back. What's this thing called?" "A restrictor. You should know it, being such a fan of Vader." "My Light . The woman of my children." He said, sitting back down. She arched her eyebrow at that. "Ah, that's right. You don't know about that part. Go ahead, dig deeper. " "You're a monster," Rey said, shaking in frustration. She reached for his neck, applying a Force Choke. Kylo coughed, tensing up. It felt so wrong and satisfying at the same time. Rey thought. "I know." He strained, realizing this wasn't Rey. "The Power is...seductive." This isn't her. It's not the woman he fell in love with . "This isn't you, Rey. It's the baby." Kylo choked. Rey released him, stumbling back. The Jedi clutched at her chest, feeling her heart racing. She worried about the child she was carrying and burst into tears. Maker, what was their son to become? Kylo's head sank, cursing himself. "I...I didn't mean that, Rey." He sighed. "It came out wrong. These feelings you have, are because of me." He admitted. "Because of our connection. It's strengthening because of our child. So you are feeling what I feel. The anger I feel every day that we are apart. It tears me apart." Please look at me. I won't let you fall into the darkness. I know the woman I love. Let me free, while there is still time. He slipped into her thoughts, very gently to deliver the message. The Jedi picked herself up, turning away from him. She took a few steps toward the cockpit before stopping. Kylo let her back into his mind, offering a glimpse into his soul. She felt his sincerity. He would let her or the child be seduced. "Time for what?" She asked, wanting to hide her face. "To save your friends." "How can I trust you?" She asked, turning to look at him. "You can't. And I can't trust you either." He said, sitting down. There isn't a way we brush past this. There will be bloodshed. He said into their connection. But I will gladly bleed for you, Rey. And I'd rather not risk losing...what we have. Release me and I will save your friends. Rey got closer to him, wrapping her hand around his restrained wrist. "If you don't keep your word now, you'll lose me forever." She said. "I believe you." Kylo said. The restraints dropped to the ground. For a few seconds, both Knights simply watched each other. Kylo Ren stood up, towering over her. He pulled Rey into a hug, slowly engulfing her. "I love you." He said, pulling her tight. Rey smiled, resting her head in his chest. "Good." She replied. Kylo slowly stroked the back of her head. "There's no way our son can be evil with a mother like you." He said. The Jedi smiled and both Knights walked towards the cockpit. Chewy turned looking at them both from the copilot's seat. He whined softly, protesting this course of action. Rey broke away from the hug, heading for her seat. Kylo stayed in the back, keeping a close eye on her. "Oh, no." Rey cried out, just before the Falcon exited Hyperspace. Dantooine came into view a second later and the sight before them was a surprising mess. The planet was swarming with ships from both sides. The First Order and Resistance were fighting for their very existence. Rey started flipping switches on the communications array. "Kylo call them off." She yelled back to him. As she spoke, the antenna got blown off the top of the Falcon. Chewy roared in response. "I think you're missing part of your ship," Kylo said, leaning in to watch the battle unfold. "That dish shaped thing." "You're not helping." She shouted at him, evading an incoming wave of TIE fighters. The Sith Master smirked, watching Rey work. "Angle the shields," Rey called out. She slipped the Falcon in the tightest openings, trying to make her way to the surface. He was impressed. "There's a long range communications tower just outside the Resistance Base." She panted. The Falcon broke into the atmosphere, drawing the attention of additional enemy fighters. "Good plan." Kylo said, watching jets of green fly past them. The Falcon shook, getting clipped by two shots in a row. "Do something about them please!" Rey cried to Kylo Ren. He growled, disappearing into the lower gun array. TIE fighters passed over head, trying to box the Falcon into an aerial kill zone. Rey thought about yelling at Kylo Ren, when suddenly both enemy pilots exited their fighters. She gasped, realizing that they were ripped out of their cockpits but hadn't ejected. Both TIE fighters corkscrewed into the distance, having no one at the controls. "Kylo!" She breathed out. The Jedi didn't have time to scold him. Kylo sat back in the gunner chair, turning it to the aft position. Watch this Rey. He chuckled. The Sith Master stretched out both hands and clapped. The trailing TIEs to collided in midair, not standing a chance. I'll bet you wish you had that on the Light Side, huh? She rolled her eyes, starting the landing cycle. We're not teaching our son that. Rey landed as close to the Resistance Base as she could. The last of the X-Wings were scrambling for the skies and she gave them plenty of room to take off. The Jedi sprang out of her chair, gently patting Kylo's torso. "We need to get you to the communications array." Kylo stopped her from moving past him, wrapping her in his arms again. "Tell me." He said, leaning into her ear. Rey looked at him for a moment. "I love you." She finally said back, resting her head against his chest and sighing. "Good." He smiled. Kylo waved his hand over Rey's head, knocking her out. He caught Rey in one arm, as Chewy roared in anger. The Wookiee stood, reaching for his bowcaster, next to the copilot seat. "Not this time." Kylo shouted, throwing his free hand at Chewy. The Force sent the Wookiee into the cockpit window, tumbling through it. Kylo Ren gently swooped Rey into his arms and set her into the padded lounger. He looked down at her, appreciating the sleeping beauty before him. "I'm protecting my babies." He whispered in her ear. Kylo wasn't leaving anything to chance. He grabbed his lightsaber and mask, which Rey had tucked into a storage compartment. He stormed out of the ramp, looking at the Resistance Base. The First Order was everywhere, swarming the Resistance in the skies above. The Sith Master stopped, sensing Luke Skywalker nearby. Kylo Ren looked back at the Falcon, feeling torn. He could call off the attack, like Rey wanted. But he really wanted storm the Resistance Base and kill Luke Skywalker. He ignited his lightsaber, making a choice. "Both it is." Notes: Sorry for the long delay. I've never had so many rewrites on a chapter before. Let me know what you think. Next, I want to show the start of the battle for Dantooine and a Jedi Battle 15 years in the making. Plus, Kyle Katarn! Is a big revelation for Rey, which I hope to pay off in the last few chapters. Thanks for hanging in there. Let me know what you think. I started a third Reylo fic too. :) Chapter 27 : The Restrictor Summary: So the dreaded Restrictor... Kylo Ren took that awfully well, didn't he? After knocking Rey out and attacking Chewy, Kylo Ren ascends on the Resistance Base. Meanwhile, the First Order begins their assault on the Base, looking to annihilate the Resistance at all costs. Rey meets her father in a dream and has a terrible choice to make. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe veered off for the holding cells, as Finn bolted for the landing strips. "Poe, where the hell are you going!" He called out to his friend, his voice bouncing off the walls. In the narrow hallways, yellow lights flicked on. Poe twisted around, jogging backwards towards the cells. "Get my Gold and Red squadrons airborne." The pilot yelled, before spinning around and breaking into a sprint. "Damn!" Finn shouted, but he didn't have time to argue. Warning sirens sounded throughout the Resistance base. Heading for the surface, Finn started banging on the barrack doors, as he passed. The grizzled Resistance warrior wanted to make sure everyone knew this wasn't a drill. Poe rounded the damp underground fortress, blowing past a confused looking guard. "What is it, Poe?" The guard asked. Seeing Poe worried, was rare and startling. The frantic pilot didn't answer. Poe punched in his override code, yelling at the slow, squeaky security doors. "Come on!" He shouted, giving the door a shove with his elbow and shoulder. The guard ran over to help, pulling on the door. "It gets stuck sometimes." The guard said. Poe squeezed past the opening with a grunt, barreling into the darkened cages. Alena was in the last cell, screaming in pain. Poe slid to his knees, seeing his former lover splayed on the leaky floor. "Poe!" She cried, clawing at her calf. The pilot looked down, noticing a faint red glow illuminating her skin. The shocking sight made Poe's eyes widen in fear. "What is this, what's happening to me?" Alena sobbed. The pilot grabbed a fistful of his own hair with both hands, "Alena. You're being tracked!" Poe had never been one to panic, but he feared for this woman. She was a clone and maybe even a spy, but he had feelings for her. All he could think of in this moment, was how selfish he had been. "I should have come to see you straight away. I've been a fool." He said, desperately. The pilot turned and yelled for a key. "I didn't know, please believe me!" She cried. "That bastard, Kylo Ren." Alena rolled on the floor, her skin looking pale and tinged towards jaundice. "I believe you." Poe said, placing both hands on the crude bars and resting his forehead in between them. "I'm getting you some help. We've got to get that implant out of you." The guard jogged in to catch the pilot. "What is it, Sir?" "We're getting Alena to the med bay, to remove this damn tracking implant. Hurry!" Poe said, waving for the guard to step forward. The guard looked at him for a moment, giving him a questioning gaze. "Hurry!" The Black Leader demanded, rising to his feet. Finn made it to the crowded flight strips outside and immediately took over. "Gold leader, you have the perimeter patrol. Sweep the system and try to set up lanes. We'll need openings to get the rest of the fleet into space. Lead any enemy fighters and bombers away from Dantooine." "Yes, Sir." Replied the Gold leader, waving his team to their X-Wings. "Where's Kropp?" Finn snapped, looking for the Red Leader. "Here, Poe." She smacked her lips, after popping a pink bubble. "Red leader, I want you dropping disruptive droids around the planet." "Finn?" Kropp asked, puzzled. "We need to give the fleet time to evacuate the surface and counter strike. The droids will confuse the First Order's ventral cannons — they won't be able to lock on." "Every Star Destroyer would need to fire manually." Replied, the Red Leader, smacking her lips. "Next time, bring gum for everyone." Finn smirked, before getting serious again. "With the Ventrals out of the picture, their gunners will have a hard time hitting our X-wings. Drop the disrupters, then come back and reload with your astrodroids. We'll need you to take out any First Order landing parties." Finn said, his voice booming over everything else happening around them. "Got it, Finn." Kropp nodded, sending her pilots to get to work. "We're going to create tracking echoes with disruptor droids. Let's go." She screamed at the top of her lungs. The Red squadron hustled into place, along with their engineers. Finn grabbed a blocky, communicator and whirled around to look at the shield generators in the distance. BB-8 beeped at his feet, drawing his attention. "BB-8, good, find Poe. We need Black Leader protecting these skies, in case Rey is right about them using suicide bombers." BB-8 beeped wildly in response. Maker, let Rey be wrong about this one . He thought, catching his breath for a moment, as the droid rolled away. "Come in, Genny." Finn said, releasing the button and keeping the bulky comm unit by his chin. "Genny here, Finn." cracked the voice on the other end. "How can we help?" "Be prepared to raise shields, on my mark." Finn replied, scoping the flurry of activity around him. Outside the main bunkers, Admiral Choi found General Organa. "The Thrive is orbiting Dantooine and we have a quarter of the fleet on the far side of the system." Said Admiral Choi, clearing a path for the General and Maz Kanata. The trio brushed past the mixture of Resistance and Republic fighters. Stepping out into the light, the outside sky was unusually bright, hurting Leia's eyes. "Our advanced scouts say the Finalizer just went into Hyperspace. No doubt, she's bringing up the rear, however." Admiral Choi said, passing Leia a data pad. "I can feel them," said Leia. She stared off into the distance. "The First Order. They're here." "Kylo Ren's Imperial Clones can't be far behind, then." Replied Choi. "Something tells me the Clones will be waiting to feed on the remains. We haven't spotted the Imperial Fleet, correct?" Leia asked cautiously. "No ma'am, not on any of our scouting missions. I'm basing my assumptions on your visual confirmation and Jedi Kenobi's debriefing." He replied. Leia nodded slightly, knowing full well that Kylo's personal army was out there; hiding successfully from their best spies. "If there is blood in the water, Kriff ." Leia sighed. "It was shaping up to be such a beautiful day." Maz said solemnly. "Mobile command is ready. Let's get you off the surface, General." Pamich Nerro said, waving for two Republic marines to accompany her. Leia lit up, seeing Pamich out of her room for the first time in weeks. "Not until every cruiser and transport is off the ground. I'll be in the communications tower." Leia said, wanting to stay on the ground. "No ma'am. Allow me to go. Mobile command needs your expertise. Mine is in interstellar tracking. I...I want to repay the First Order, for what they did. For my Kal ." Pamich said, her eyes flickering. "Well...it's good to have you back, Pamich. Kal would be proud." The engineer sprinted for the communications tower in the distance, with a sad smile on her face. Luke came weaving past the crowded groups of marines and Resistance fighters. "Do you need me in the air or carrying your luggage?" Luke said, his eyes giving away that he was kidding. "Well that depends, can you disable a Star Destroyer with the Force? Because, I think the Dark Side has a guy that does that." She said bitterly. Leia had her son in her thoughts, especially now. The general was deeply concerned what he might do to Rey. "That's what I came to tell you. Rey captured Kylo Ren. I've felt it." Luke said, gauging her expression. "We could trade him and put a stop to all this." The Jedi Master turned slightly, feeling the nervous energy among the Resistance fighters. Leia's expression hardened, considering her brother's suggestion. The General looked around at the brave men and women serving under her command. Teams scurried to get all pilots airborne and defenses online. She wanted to protect them, if possible of course. And many of these men and women would not survive the day. But this was her son , Luke was talking about. What if Rey was right and he could be saved. If the Resistance traded Ben, like a political prisoner, he'd never forgive her. He'd never come home. And he would certainly figure out a way to strike back. But so many lives could be spared. "Alright." Leia, sighed. "I'll get the word to our comm tower. We'll get a wide band transmission out and hopefully, General Phasma will respond and call off the attacks. Her brother turned suddenly, realizing the Falcon was already on the surface. "Oh, no." Luke breathed, feeling a tremor in the Force. "Something's gone wrong." The Jedi Master said, closing his eyes. Leia felt like she could pull her hair out, watching Luke stormed for the woods. "How the hell could this get any worse?" The General sighed, heading for the mobile command. Kylo Ren stormed out of the Millennium Falcon, feeling the presence of Luke Skywalker in the Base. His eyes shifted to the forest ground beneath the cockpit. Chewbacca lay motionless, like a downed, woodland trophy. The Sith ignited his crossguard, sensing the Wookiee was still breathing. The deadly tip of the spear grazed into the dry, grass near his feet. It burned a black path, looking like a snake. Kylo's shoulders were lifted threateningly high, his face was lowered and menacing. The sizzling hot end of his blade sliced into Chewy's fur. It burned through heavy-matted, tangled strands. The Wookiee hardly reacted, as Kylo inched closer to his Uncle's jugular. "I'd kill you, right here and wouldn't bat an eye. But I know it would break Rey's heart. More importantly, I would worry about what might happen to the baby." Kylo sneered in disdain, watching the furry beast breathe. He looked off in the distance, hearing the sounds of shouting and speeders. Chewy wasn't a threat to him anymore. No one was a threat to him, even with the Restrictor. The Sith Master needed to prove to himself, that this was the case. "Remember how this could have ended, Uncle Chewy. I chose to spare you." Kylo killed the blade on his saber, noticing the foul smell of burnt hair. The furry heap at his feet started to stir, but it was of little concern to the Sith Master. "The First Order," he mumbled to himself, sensing the impending invasion. He let out a sigh of frustration that turned into a growl. Kylo looked at the Falcon. Rey should be safe, parked this far away from the base . He needed to be sure and wasn't taking any chances. The tips of his index and middle fingers, brushed over the small disc in the base of his skull. I should gut them all for this. His anger boiled over, stepping over the wookiee and heading to the communications tower. As Kylo entered the dense tree line, he felt eyes on him. The Sith turned, feeling a strong, familiar Force presence. He scanned the Falcon, feeling Rey, asleep inside. There was no one else, so he appeared to dismiss it. Kylo Ren ignited his lightsaber again, stopping at the foot of a grand tree. He quickly buried the blade into it's base, slicing clean through it. As the conifer fell, he grabbed it with the Force, setting the thick branches gently over the Falcon. The heavy tree bent and teetered a bit, but the ancient ship could hold its weight. The Knight proceeded to do this with a handful of other trees, creating a false canopy. Overhead, the Resistance and First Order waged war. The sky was clouded with small explosions and white contrails running in every direction. The Sith Master seemed unimpressed by this and took his time. Before heading to the communications tower, he gave the Falcon one last, longing look. Everything I've done… Rey, was so we could be together. He sent the thought across the Force, hoping it would find Rey's dreams. Rey's eyes opened, but she wasn't awake. The Jedi was outside, on Dantooine, feeling uneasy. It was bright outside, practically blinding, but there was shade above her. Rey realized from the shadow's curvature that she was standing underneath the Falcon. Was this a dream? She asked herself, stepping out into the sunlight. Her face was warmed by the sun's rays. It didn't feel like a dream. Suddenly, she saw Kylo Ren walk past her. The dark figure made her jump, however he didn't seem to react to her presence. "Ben." She called to him, watching him storm off for the forest. Her fiancé stopped in the weeds and turned to look in her direction. Kylo's eyes appeared to gaze straight through her, as if she wasn't there. Rey's heart skipped a beat, wondering if she might be dead. "Ah, the things we do for the ones we love." Came a soft, but deep voice behind her. Rey snapped her eyes off of Kylo Ren, whirling around to see a striking, older man. "What!?" She gaped at him. The man was ten feet away from her, the edges of his form were shimmering with silver light. He looked like a clearer, more defined Force ghost. "No, you're not dreaming. But you are asleep on the Millennium Falcon." He said, with a smile. That smile was oddly flirty; just like hers. "I've been on this ship a few times, although that was ages ago." The man was a few inches taller than Rey, with light grey leggings and a similarly faded tunic, covered by a dark charcoal vest. It was the kind of thing a Jedi would wear. "You're...you're, Kyle Katarn." She stammered. Rey felt her cheeks redden as her pulse quickened. The Jedi brushed stray strands of hair behind her ears, wondering what kind of bizarre vision this was. "You must have some hold over your Sith boyfriend. I believe he's heading out to stop...whatever travesty is about to happen here." Katarn kept his hands behind his back, tilting about his waist, to survey the Resistance Base in the distance. Rey looked back to see Kylo Ren cutting into a large tree. She arched an eyebrow at him and faced Kyle Katarn, once more. "He's my fiancé. And he's responsible…for everything that's happening here." Rey felt like she needed to explain her feelings to this man; this ghost and the father she never knew. "Yes, of course. Wars are often fought by two sides and strangely, no one ever really wins." Katarn said. Rey sighed sadly, watching Kylo Ren slip between the trees. "We don't have much time then, you will be awake shortly. I know you have plenty of questions. Now that I can return…we'll most definitely meet again." Kyle Katarn walked to her, grazing the back of his hand along her cheek. Overhead, a loud explosion ripped them from the affectionate embrace. Rey's eyes widened. "My friends." She cried out. "You're friends know what they are fighting for. The Resistance understands the toll. They fight to keep the galaxy free and believe me, such a noble mission will cost lives — on both sides." The Jedi looked down at her feet, struggling to find her voice. "You look just like your mother, right now. She was always my compass. My call to the Light. My home." He said, fondly. Rey's breathing hitched at the remark. "You're...home?" She choked. Out of the corner of her eye, Rey saw trees floating over the Falcon, covering its top. "Sound familiar?" He arched an eyebrow at her. Kylo had often referred to Rey in the exact same way. Her round, wet eyes looked away. She felt the Force pulling her in Kylo Ren's direction. "You could follow him, while we talk. I'm sure your friends spotted the Falcon and are sending people to collect you — to get you into the fight." Kyle Katarn said the last part almost hesitantly, even bitterly. Rey squinted, trying to read him. "You don't approve of our relationship, or is it the Resistance?" She felt odd asking for the opinion of an absentee father. Part of her wanted to push the ghost away and go to Kylo Ren. But what if this was their only chance to speak? She asked herself. "Your mother was so protective of her friends, too," he smiled. "Almost to a fault. If you're worried about Kylo Ren, let's go and check on him." She shook her head 'no', looking at the unfriendly skies. "I — I have to wake up. The First Order is here and the Empire has returned to the Galaxy. They will level the entire planet." "Not if Kylo Ren succeeds." Katarn replied, seeing his daughter look skeptical and hurt. "He knocked me out." She lowered her eyes. "I can't trust him, just like he can't trust me." "Kylo didn't want you getting hurt, I suppose." Katarn was difficult for Rey to read, much like Rey was for some people. Granted, she just met the man and wasn't entirely convinced this wasn't a dream. "Stop defending him. He's used that tired excuse to commit atrocities, for years." Rey said, flatly. The Jedi didn't want to feel guilty for slapping the Restrictor on him. "Well, let's see." Katarn said, stretching out his hand. "I'm curious to see what he will do next." The Force ghost grabbed Rey's hand and whisked her away, before she could protest. Poe Dameron hovered over his girlfriend in the med bay. "I'm not leaving! And get these cuffs off her." He shouted at the guards, his face turning red. Alena writhed in pain, twisting on the gurney. Her right hand was shackled to the metal crossbars along its side. She struggled to reach her calf, trying to find relief for the tracking implant. "Stop ordering me around Dameron. It's my med bay!" The surgeon shouted right back. "Get this damn tracker out!" Poe had to pulled back, looking like he's punch the surgeon. "We've been ordered to evacuate, there's no time. We'll need to wait until we're on board the Humanitarian Star." The surgeon said, closing his med kits. The med bay swarmed with personnel, packing up everything they could. "No! This can't wait for that." Poe said, grabbing the surgeon's vest. The MP's in the bay stepped in to grab the distraught pilot. "Get the hell off of me." Poe warned, looking like he'd take both MPs on, if need be. "You're needed in the air, sir." One of the MPs grumbled, as Poe shoved him. "Poe! Poe, this isn't helping me." Alena said, getting him to calm down. "Go save your friends." She cried. The pilot brushed the medical staff off his shoulders, getting everyone to back away. He cupped his hands around her face and she gave him a faint smile. "You can't apologize with one smoldering look. You're not that charming, Mister Dameron." She said, wincing a little. "Of course I am." Poe replied. "Go." She told him, giggling a little. Poe didn't care about the consequences, if there were any. He gave Alena one last look and she nodded at him. Her forehead was dripping with sweat and she was clearly fighting the pain from the activated tracker. All that aside, she looked like an angel . He thought. Poe darted out of the med bay and hauled to the surface, where he ran into BB-8. Back in the bay, Alena smile faded as he disappeared. The doctors started murmuring about the best way to remove the device. They seemed to be worried that there were only a few minutes to complete the procedure. "We can't be sure there isn't a booby trap in her leg. I've never seen a device like this. It's technology is different from anything in the Republic, for sure. We're going to uncuff you and get you to roll on your stomach, Ms. Calligan." Alena smirked as the guard approached. He had been responsible for restraining the wrong hand, thinking she was a righty. The MP should have restrained both her hands, but Poe started fighting, when the cuffs came out. The guard leaned down to unlatch her wrist and was distracted for a split second. Alena reached over in a blink and grabbed the guard's blaster from his holster. She hit him in the temples with the butt of the gun, then fired on the second MP. He fell from the blast, knocking over a couple trays of supplies. The remaining medical staff froze, as she waved the blaster at them all. "Bend down, pick up those keys, and get me out of these handcuffs." She ordered, firing the gun at the surgeon's feet. He trembled in fear, nervously reaching for the keys. Kylo Ren barreled through the woods, swatting down obstacles with his fiery blade. This was fun, he mused. The Resistance had their hands full and practically no one was guarding the communications array. The Sith Master emerged from the thickets, eyeing the three story communications tower. It was painted in camouflage, disappearing from the air. Two long truss towers were built on either side of it, presumably antennae. The Resistance covered the truss openings with dead, painted branches. "How clever." Kylo Ren stalked across the open field, hearing B-wing fighters taking off in the distance. He recalled learning the different engine sounds of every Rebellion era-craft as a boy. It was rare that he thought about his days as Ben Solo, if ever. His heavy steps sunk into the mud, approaching the array. Three Resistance fighters ran out of the building with weapons lowered, coming face to face with Kylo Ren. They skidded to an abrupt stop. "Maker!" Shouted the lead fighter, as all three backed up. "Well…You men will have a fascinating story to tell." Kylo smirked, flicking his wrist and swatting the fighters across the field. They tumbled end over end, before stopping unconscious on the long grass. "And some broken ribs." He added. The door to the Comm Tower came flying off the hinges with a quick wave of his hand. The frantic crew inside turned to see the dark silhouette of Kylo Ren, standing in the doorway. "Everyone, get out." Kylo said, his voice echoing in the tinny sounding, metallic quarters. The stunned crew stayed at their stations, frozen in place. "I'm not asking again." Kylo growled, twirling his lightsaber. He slashed his blade against the wall, sending sparks into the room. The crew shuffled out of their cramped stations and fled out the door, in a panic. One terrified woman in the corner stayed behind, her eyes fixed on the angry, glowing saber. Kylo moved to the center console and began punching in new frequencies. The woman in the corner shifted uncomfortably, being so close to the Sith Master. "You...you killed my husband." Pamich said, her voice shaking. Kylo didn't acknowledge, trying to hail the Finalizer. "My husband was a pilot…Red Leader. You pulled him out of his cockpit and into outer space!" She cried, eyeing a blaster that was left on the station across from her. Kylo used the Force to lift the blaster up and disassemble it. It fell in pieces before her terrified eyes. "Sounds like me." Kylo said, leaning closer to the transmitter. "Now, unless you want to join him, stay quiet." Pamich bolted for the far side of the tower, trying to grab a glimmering pistol that was left on a seat. The poor woman felt her feet leave the ground, as the Force pinned her high against the comm tower wall. Pamich strained, but couldn't move a muscle. "I'm trying to save your stupid friends, believe it or not. I'm not sure why I should give a damn about any of you. All this generosity makes me weak, like your husband ." Kylo said, clearing his throat. Pamich wanted to curse in response, but she couldn't find her voice "Phasma come in." He said, opening the comm link. A garbled crackle was all Kylo got in response. Kylo flipped a different knob and growled in frustration. "Phasma. It's Kylo Ren, abort the attack. Phasma, if you can hear me, The Empress is on the surface of Dantooine. We must pull back all units at once." "There's a scrambler enabled." Pamich said, unable to move her body even an inch. Her scared eyes look determined for a moment, darting to the console next to Kylo Ren. The Sith followed her gaze, looking at the scrambler. The Force guided his fingers to a red switch, disabling it. "Come in Phasma." Kylo repeated. After a brief pause. "Sir." She said, her voice cracking over the communications. "The Empress is on the planet's surface. Abort the attack." Kylo said. "Sir?" Phasma asked again. "Call. Off. The. Attack." Kylo barked. A split second later, a screaming sound roared past the communication array. "TIE fighters." Kylo muttered, dropping the transmitter. He looked to the exit. The roaring TIEs looped around, erupting with a barrage on the tower. The green blasts exploded, carving through the array's flimsy hull. The top floor caved in, burying the equipment below. Rey clasped her hand over her mouth, watching the communication tower implode on itself. Kylo . She called out through the Bond. A moment later, there was shifting in the debris, as large chunks of twisted metal and broken gear flew up and out of the way. Kylo Ren emerged, covered in dust and carrying Pamich Nerro in his arms. Rey's eyes widened, watching Kylo Ren place the engineer in the grass, alongside three Resistance fighters. Kylo Ren clenched his jaw and turned his focus to the skies. The TIE fighter turned back around to make another pass, as Kylo stretched his hand at it. Jerking his shoulder and arm in a pulling motion, the left wing of the fighter sparked and came flying right off. Rey gasped at the show of the Force. She realized that stopping him now, may not be possible. "He's testing his abilities." She said, breathlessly, feeling her forehead. "I have to wake up and stop him. I have to do something." Rey pleaded, as if Kyle Katarn had control over her sleeping self. "You have a choice to make. I know this hasn't been easy. Your mother and I are proud of you, no matter what you decide." He replied, staring carefully at her face. The Jedi ghost wanted to study every freckle there. "I...I'm not sure I can do what needs to be done. I can't kill the man I love, the father of my child." She said. Katarn pulled his daughter into a hug, so she could rest her head on his shoulders. Rey felt immediately comfortable like this, but she couldn't explain why. "I'm not asking you too. I'm not here on behalf of the Jedi Order. We disagree quite often, in fact." Rey stared at him. "I can't trust Kylo Ren. And if he isn't stopped, everything I've fought for will be destroyed." A sickening feeling hit her core and the Jedi started to sink to her knees. "You've been brave, strong, and incredibly loyal to your friends. But Rey, they are willing to sacrifice themselves for the cause. That part is beyond your control — their choices and fates are their own." Rey sniffed, looking at the sun. "I'm not sure I made the right call. He has me so lost." "Force Bonds can be funny that way." Kyle said, pulling her closer. "What should I do?" She asked. "Do what you feel is right. Let the Force guide you." He replied. Rey's eyes found his and she scrunched her face. "The Jedi Order doesn't exist. Not anymore; so it all falls on your tiny shoulders. You don't have to rebuild this all. Not unless it's what you really want." Kyle Katarn gave her a kiss on the forehead. Another explosion rocked the skies, as the battle drew closer to the Resistance Base. "You can always change your mind, Rey. Nothing is set in stone. I started out as something very different; a Mercenary. When it mattered, I chose the Light. But there were times in my life, that I needed to...misbehave." "Are you saying—?" She asked, too afraid to finish the question. X-Wing Fighters blew past the treeline, making her anxious. The Resistance needed her in the fight. Rey realized that Kylo Ren had disappeared again. "Did you put Ben Solo on a path to find me? Years ago, did you send him after me?" She spun around, looking fiercely at her Father. "Now that...would be something." He said, starting to walk away from his daughter and disappear. "I need to wake up now, I need to fight." Rey yelled, clearly annoyed. Her head buzzed with questions that she still needed answered. But the Resistance was in trouble, she could feel it in her bones. Kyle Katarn turned and with a cavalier expression said, "So get up and fight." Rey gasped, sitting up in the Falcon's lounger. Finn tumbled back in surprise, hitting his elbow on the grated floor. The Jedi caught her breath, trying to calm herself down. "It wasn't a dream." She whispered. "Rey!" He cried, getting back to his feet. "Okay, give her some room." Finn said, getting the marines by his side to back up. The Jedi's brow glistened with sweat and she stretched her hand out frantically. Her lightsaber came hurling end over end into her palm. "Finn!" She cried out, but her smile faded quickly. Finn swallowed hard, wondering if she was okay or not. Rey appeared to be looking around the ship, staring through the walls. "Where the hell is Kylo Ren?" She asked, jumping out of the lounger. Rey closed her eyes and found the Sith Master in the forest. The Jedi blew past Finn and side stepped the marines. "Rey, take it easy." Finn said, chasing after her. "Come on." He waved at the marines. Luke Skywalker moved along the destroyed communication array. Black smoke billowed from its remains. Using the Force, he could tell there weren't any victims trapped beneath the carnage. Seeing four bodies near the tree line, the Jedi Master hustled to their side. He bent down and placed a hand over Pamich Nerro's forehead. She moved a little, responding to Luke's touch. "Kal?" She muttered, grimacing and stirring beneath him. "You'll be fine, Mrs. Nerro." He said, noticing that the three men next to her, were struggling to get up. The Jedi Master brandished his lightsaber, feeling Kylo Ren in the forests nearby. A speeder of marines pulled up, worried about the fire near the communications array. "Corporal, get them to the Humanitarian Star," Luke ordered. He swiftly turned, heading for the woods. "But sir, Finn asked us to accompany you." The young man replied. He seemed eager and insistent on following the Jedi Master. "I don't think that's a good idea." Luke said starkly, igniting his green lightsaber. Above the skies of Dantooine, the Red Leader narrowly avoided an incoming TIE strafe. "Red One to Gold One." She called out, blowing a large pink bubble. Kropp punched on her fire controls, eliminating the TIE that nearly killed her. The bright explosion from the enemy fighter was a strange green color and much larger than she'd expect. The shockwave rattled her X-Wing, to the point where she felt her lower jaw shake. "Copy, Kropp, I'm a little busy." Replied the Gold Leader. "These TIE's are loaded with explosives, keep your distance." She said, catching another explosion nearby. It took out Gold Five, as well as the TIE fighter he was engaging. "Kriff!" Shouted the Gold Leader. "Alright guys, you heard the lady. That explains why the TIEs are leaving their wingman. They always fight in pairs." "Not today. Not with bombs stashed in their holds." She replied, dropping the last of the disruptor droids into place. The rest of the Red Squadron had returned to the planet below, to load astrodroids. Kropp, jammed down on the stick, firing at the next stray TIE fighter. She blew another bubble and eliminated the target. "Ah, shit!" She yelled, watching the TIE spiral towards the Thrive. Kropp banked hard, firing at the spinning bomb and detonating it before it slammed in the battle cruiser. "Let's lead these flying claymores away from our flagship." She echoed out to both squadrons. As she issued the command, a new batch of TIE fighters sprang from the approaching Star Destroyer. The Thrive fired its forward cannons, thinning the incoming enemies. "Well if it isn't the legendary Luke Skywalker." Kylo muttered, keeping his back to his Uncle. He could hear the hum of the Jedi's weapon. Not that he needed to listen for such a giveaway. Luke's Force signature was like a beacon, once you were in his domain. Twenty yards away, Luke Skywalker stepped out from a large tree. The sounds of the battle died, as he approached Kylo Ren. The Jedi Master's steps were cautious. "I've been looking forward to this, Uncle." He said sharply. "You have no right to call me that, Kylo Ren." Luke said, taking a defensive form. He eyed the Restrictor in the base of his nephew's skull. The Jedi Master couldn't be sure if the device was working. Kylo inhaled deeply, turning to face his uncle. "I love the smell of dead Jedi in the morning. It cleanses me." He said, pulling out his lightsaber. The fiery blade came to life, as the Masters circled each other. "A lot of good people are dying. The is entirely your doing," Luke said. "So what's a few more?" Kylo quipped, igniting his crossguard. "I suppose, I have you to thank for this wretched device digging into my neck." Kylo shouted, pointing his crimson blade at his Uncle. "That was Rey's call. Though I support her fully." He replied, angling his blade. Kylo laughed, as another explosion rocked the skies. The wind picked up, rustling through the trees and catching his dark hair. "Time to cut off the training wheels. I am the Master here." The Sith replied. "You are still a scared young man. The same young man that wasn't humble enough to train Rey. The same Ben Solo that kept running away. The same coward that slaughtered his friends and family. And I won't let you tarnish the Solo name further." Luke snapped. Kylo reached out with his free hand, lifting Luke Skywalker and choking him. "Scared? You've been hiding from me for the past fifteen years. Coward. You should of had Rey with you, protecting her. Instead you left her alone, in a wasteland." The Jedi Master struggled, his feet kicking in the air. "Rey is stronger than either of us." Luke choked, summoning emerald lightning and lashing back at his nephew. The Sith Master blocked the arcs with his saber, dropping Luke to the ground. Master Skywalker landed hard on the forest floor. He raised his blade, just in time to block Kylo's downswing. "Fool!" Kylo shouted, pinning the Jedi Master down. He pushed the fiery sides of the blade, toward Luke's chest. Both Masters were locked in mortal combat, victory inching towards Kylo Ren. The heat from both sabers was enough to singe the hair on their arms. "I'm going to skin you, Luke Skywalker." Kylo's voice trembled, pushing his blade closer. Embers blew in different directions, as the crimson blade overtook the green one. "Then, once my baby is born, I'm going to gut the entire Resistance. Every last one. I will rule the Galaxy with my children." He shouted, forcing the crossguard into the Jedi Master's shoulder. "I'll be twice the father that Han Solo, or you ever were." Kylo spat. Luke Skywalker cried out, seeing a white hot vision of Kylo Ren delivering on his promise. The Sith Master was patient and bided his time, keeping Rey happy. Then after the birth and celebration of his child, Kylo Ren turned on everyone. The Jedi Master pushed back on Kylo's blade, determined to put an end to that future. Notes: Whoa...Chapter one call back. So sorry for the delay. Had to finish a different Reylo story called "The Force Arranges A Marriage". Now this one calls to me. We're approaching the final act. I hope to have some cool surprises in store for everyone. Fun with Lightsabers in the next chapter. Thanks so much for reading. I love this Reylo community. There are so many talented people in this fandom. Get in touch with me on tumblr: iancantbesaved Chapter 28 : The Dark Before The Dawn Summary: Kylo and Rey have to fight one last time and everything is at stake. The Resistance, The Empire, the Light and the Dark. More importantly, their life together. Two Knights on opposite sides, engaged to be married — expecting a child. Rey must fight to redeem Ben Solo, so she can marry her love and raise a family. Kylo's fight is to save Rey from the horrible death he's envisioned, since she was five. A few chapters to go :D :D :D Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "General Phasma, what are your orders?" Her engineer asked, turning to look at her. Everyone on the command bridge fell silent, hearing the same set of orders that she did. The General was quiet for a moment, processing the message from Kylo Ren. The First Order needed to abandon the attack. It should have been as simple as that , she thought. Their Empress was on the ground and could get killed in the bombardment. But the First Order was putting everything into the assault. Even if it cost them every ship, the Empire could still rise again. That was the original plan; everything she and Kylo Ren specified over the past few years. For the first time in her career, Phasma felt compelled to disobey a direct order. They were so close to victory. The problem was…that the Clones were on her ship. General Phasma could feel eyes burning a hole through her neck. She wished she had her chrome armor and helmet, so she could mask her face and blushing complexion. Commander Kody, of the Grey and Reds was standing behind her. He was fiercely loyal to Kylo Ren. And the General knew, the consequences of mutinying. General Nujaris for one, tried to defect. Of course, that was a different story entirely. Nujaris hated the kamikaze plans and actively sought to reach out to the Resistance. The clones rushed the bridge and presumably, took the ship back or crashed it into a moon. Phasma wanted to eliminate the Resistance . It was her sworn charter. This was the time . But she couldn't be sure the Grey and Reds would support her decision. After all, Kylo Ren was also on Dantooine's surface. He didn't seem concerned for his own well being, not that he ever was. But the clones would definitely object, if they felt she was endangering him, too. Commander Kody got immediately in the General's face. "General Phasma! My team can retrieve the Empress and get her to the Finalizer." He stated confidently, slinging his weapon back over his shoulder. The General sized him up and cleared her throat, "You have a half an hour. Extract our Empress and get back here before the TIE bombers reach the Resistance Base. Take your entire squadron and let nothing stand in your way." Commander Kody bolted from the bridge, flipping open a panel on his wrist. He pulled up schematics on the Dantooine base. For a split second, Phasma wondered if she had access to the same intel. Well, that's one distraction eliminated. Phasma thought, breathing a sigh of relief. The General strolled across the catwalk, checking to make sure her short hair style was pristine. Her reflection stood out, even among the faint explosions of war in the distance. It almost looked liked a collage of dying stars, shooting every few seconds. "We'll give them the thirty minutes. Terminate the dead man switches on all TIE fighters and have them regroup with wingmen. Focus the fleet's firepower on the Thrive." Phasma ordered. Poe Dameron entered the battle above Dantooine, looking to unleash crimson hell on the First Order. While the battle cruisers locked side to side, trading punishing blows, the majority of the TIEs had vanished. "What gives?" Called out Red Leader Kropp, looking frantically out of her window. She took her pink gum out of her mouth and slapped in on the top of her helmet. The small pilot practically bounced in her seat, looking for any signs of the TIEs. The next wave of enemy fighters came into view, just as she blurted the phrase over the com. "They've got their escorts back." Red leader called out. The TIEs were in their usual aggressive formations, working in close knit pairs. "Maybe these one's aren't carrying explosives." Poe called out, putting some distance between the TIEs in front of him. "Red Leader head to 34.92 and shake that incoming fighter. I want to see what we're dealing with." Black Leader ordered. "Roger, that Poe." She called back, out maneuvering the TIE on her six. Black Leader lined up his shot, making sure Captain Kropp was in the clear. "Alright." Poe fired twice, hitting the TIE fighter. It sparked and sputtered, starting to list and then spin. He fired again. It exploded in an orange fireball, breaking up in the planet's upper atmosphere. "Did you see that, Red One?" Poe said, unable to hide his jubilation. "I saw it Poe. Red squad, Gold squad. Engage targets at normal depths. This round of TIEs doesn't have the extra explosives on board." Kropp responded. All three squadrons pulled in tighter, getting to work on the enemy swarm. Green and Red streaks littered the low orbit of Dantooine. "Poe, copy." Gold Leader said, noticing a distant string of ships breaking for the surface. "Go ahead, Gold One." He replied. "It looks like a landing party is headed for our base." Gold leader said, "On your six." Poe swung Black One around, noticing the vague outlines of TIE escorts and possibly a Landing Cruiser. They were far in the distance, practically out of visual and scanner acuity; quickly obscured by the curvature of the planet. "I'll handle this." Poe stated, setting in a course to pursue. Something in his bones told him this group was from a different Destroyer, farther from the fray. "All squads, the Finalizer has entered the battlefield." He called out to the fleet. And he was right. Rey ran like the wind, with the sun warming her face. There was a refreshing breeze in her hair. Finn and the Republic marines were struggling to keep up. "This way!" She shouted back at them, heading towards the distinct signature of her fiancé, Kylo Ren. Her voice was barely audible over the echoing sounds of explosions and blaster fire. Kylo and Luke Skywalker were fighting; she was certain. The Force told her that Luke was in trouble, but deep down, she worried for both of them. Rey realized she was running straight for the Resistance Base; which only worsened the sickening knot in her stomach. How many of her friends would Kylo Ren kill, before she got there? Just past the dogleg, an A-wing fighter came limping into view; twenty feet up, the wounded vessel smoked trails of black death. Rey stopped in her tracks, noticing a red and blue flicker near the back end of the falling A-wing. The Jedi did a double-take, realizing someone was standing on the back of the fighter. Cloaked in black, the individual plunged his red light saber into the engines, one last time. He did a back flip off the fighter, landing safely on the ground, thirty yards in front of her. Rey couldn't believe her eyes, inhaling sharply. This had to be a Knight of Ren . Kylo Ren said he killed them all, when he slayed Snoke. No, this was definitely a Knight of Ren , she thought. The mysterious figure dropped his cloak on the ground, staring straight at her. "Jedi!" He screamed at the top of his lungs. Rey narrowed her eyes at this brash Knight, as he arrogantly strolled towards her. The man was tall; almost as tall as Kylo Ren. He had a similar walk; that arrogant mixture of flare and not giving a fuck. This individual had definitely taken his cues from the Sith Master, at some point. "Time to die Jedi," he shouted, twirling both lightsabers in each hand. He had a red, synthetic crystal powering one, and a clean blue crystal, burning in his left hand. Finn caught up with Rey and immediately raised his blaster at the threatening stranger. "Who's this lunatic?" Finn said, squeezing on the trigger. Rey placed her hand on top of Finn's weapon, making eye contact with him. Finn gave the marines a nod, to get them to hold their fire. "I will handle this." She said confidently. Finn gave her a perplexed look and opened his mouth to argue. "Finn, there's no time. Master Skywalker needs your help at the southern landing strips. Go." Rey said firmly, turning back to the approaching Knight. The Jedi wasn't going to discuss it further. Finn clenched his jaw but obeyed. He and the marines cut across the last group of trees, heading east. Rey took a defensive form, igniting her lightsaber and keeping it right in front of her. The glowering Knight stopped ten yards away, starting to circle the Jedi. He appeared to be muttering under his breath and finally cleared his throat. "I am Cavex Ren, the Second Knight." He boasted, dragging both lightsabers into the brownish grass. Rey followed him, rotating her base to keep him squared to her form. She preferred to keep her footing on even ground. "You…scavenger. Jedi whore. He threw it all away just for you! The entire galaxy could have been his and yet, he walked away from it." Cavex hollered. "Hmm. You are out of the loop, it would seem." Rey said, refusing to be offended or drawn into further verbal sparring. "My Master Snoke gave one final order…I, Cavex Ren, must kill you at all costs. Even with my last breath, I'm to ensure that Kylo Ren stays in the darkness. "Excuse me?" Rey said. Now she was pissed, changing stances to an attacking form, teetering on Vaapad in thought and purpose. "I shall speak slowly, so you understand me." He said, mocking her. "When I kill you, Jedi scum, Kylo Ren goes Dark Side — full-time." He chuckled a bit, showing his blood red gums as he did so. Rey wouldn't allow this. For everything he had done or might be planning to do; she was convinced that Ben Solo could be saved. Rey wavered on this, but she needed to believe he could. The Jedi was prepared to fight Kylo Ren, in order to save him. Just like her mother saved Kyle Katarn. Like Luke saved Vader. The so called "second knight", wasn't going to stop her. Nothing could stop her. Looking at the lightsabers in each of his hand, made her heart race. "Where did you get those!" She yelled at him, over the sounds of additional A-wings taking off. The intricate design work was unmistakable. These were the ebony and ivory lightsabers that Kylo Ren designed, specifically for her. "I snuck aboard the Finalizer and stole them. I know these were a gift for you. He worked on them on and off for a year. So, what were they? A sappy declaration of love, or a wedding gift perhaps?" Cavex chuckled menacingly. The shrill of his voice sent a shiver down her spine. "How far the mighty Kylo Ren has fallen!" "Those lightsabers…belong to me." Rey said, leaving her level ground to challenge him. "You don't deserve them, Jedi whore." He shot back, pulling both hilts together. "It should have been me by his side, ruling the galaxy. It was my right to be his apprentice. Not some scavenger from Jakku." Rey's eyes darkened at the petty claim. With a twist and a snap, the filigree patterns on the hilts lined up. Both blades combined to become a dual-saber staff; one blue side and one red. "You don't deserve such a weapon. Never, has something like this existed. The versatility is beyond your skills, temptress." Cavex taunted, twirling the staff in front of him. Rey felt something deep in her stomach. A darkness that had been shadowing her lately. A pit of hate; she despised this fool. Cavex had sullied something she cherished, with every twirl of the combo lightsaber. Was this what Kylo Ren felt, when she and Finn were on Starkiller? Was this what he felt, when she summoned his old lightsaber ? "Very well, Knight of Ren. You are standing in my way." Rey gritted out, riding the feeling. Cavex hissed at that, running towards her. Rey brought her weapon down, channeling the Force and countering his furious strikes. Kylo and Luke were a blur of red and blue, dashing across the southern landing strips. The last of the A-wings were taking off around them. The pilots had their orders, but most wanted to stop and help Master Skywalker. It was too dangerous to get in the middle of their fight. The Masters of the Force, were moving too quickly to risk taking a shot. It was a helpless feeling, even for the marines nearby. They had objectives to carry out and needed to protect the shield generator. An A-Wing taking off hovered over the pair, contemplating doing a pass to eliminate Kylo Ren. The fighter lingered too long, letting the Sith Master catch him out of the corner of his eye. Kylo locked his blade into Luke's, bearing down on the wounded, Jedi Master. With a quick gesture, Kylo pulled the A-Wing towards them both. The Force Pull caused the A-Wing to barrel roll. Kylo Ren shoved Luke to the ground and leaped out of the way. Luke killed his saber and caught the A-Wing, just before it crashed into him. From his back, Luke grimaced and struggled to sit up. He used the Force to set the craft down gently. The pilot stared at him, wide-eyed and in shock. His hand trembled on the stick, causing the flaps to lift and fall. Luke gave the young man a small smile, before seeing Kylo Ren flying over the top of the A-Wing. The Sith twisted through the air, bringing his lightsaber downward. The Jedi Master rolled out of the way and ignited his blade again, blocking the vicious downswing of his former apprentice. "You will die, Luke. Then nothing will stand in our way." Kylo gritted, determined to end this here. "Accept the Light and Rey will be yours." He struggled, pushing back against the blade. "That is the only way." A blaster fired nearby, burning some of Kylo Ren's hair off and just missing his head. "Traitor!" Kylo yelled, feeling it was FN-2187. He didn't need to look for confirmation. The Sith broke the stalemate and with a quick hand, threw Luke into Finn's direction. The Jedi Master soared, colliding with Finn in a crumpled heap. Kylo could feel his anger surging and wished to summon emerald lightning…but the skill had been clipped. It was an infuriating feeling. Kylo seethed, feeling the back of his hair. It was hot; his ends singed off. But there was still plenty of hair for Rey to grab onto. And that's what mattered; that his love , could tangle her fingers in those dark locks. "This is the end, FN-2187," he growled, stalking towards the crawling bodies of Finn and Luke. The Sith Master slowly clawed his hand into a closed fist, choking them both in his distinct gait. The marines accompanying Finn, spread out, giving their commander cover fire. Kylo blocked each shot, swatting the bluish bolts like annoying insects. "Is this the best the Resistance has to offer?" Kylo mused, deflecting bolts back into each marine. They fell, systematically, one after another. "No…" Luke said, struggling to get up — fighting to break the choke hold. Kylo Ren was powerful, even with the Restrictor. It was his worst fear, that the device wasn't enough. "Our best, is still better than you." Luke rose to his feet, throwing a Force Push at his nephew. Kylo smirked, thinking about Rey. He blocked the Push with his hand, allowing the last few marines to open fire. The Sith Master caught those shots too, creating a building shockwave, like the first ripple in a pond. Finn got up to his feet and unleashed rounds at Kylo Ren. The Sith Master responded with all the Force he could exert, causing a shimmering, slow bubbling forcefield between he and his enemies. Luke gave everything on his end, watching a shock wave build. The radius expanded, a mixture of pure Force and blaster fire. Suddenly, the shock wave exploded, kicking blaster fire and kinetic energy in every direction. Like a bomb, it rattled the locked combatants. Kylo went tumbling backward, recklessly out of control. Luke, Finn and their reinforcements were scattered across the tarmac in all different directions. Finn saw the sky and the ground trading places, spinning furiously, before blacking out. Luke felt a sharp pain in his good hand, a split second before smashing his face into the pavement. His left hand had a hole burned straight through it. At first, no one moved. Alena waited behind the crawl space of the large, horizontal pipes. She wanted to make a break for the surface, frantic to find Poe. There were people running in all directions, as she spied through the separations of the pipes. Alena thought for sure that Marines would be scouring for her, but there were bigger problems to deal with. The armory . She thought, seeing an opening to dart down the hall. She slipped toward the unsecured room, staying tight along the walls. Alena waited for a moment, as two marines came running out. They never looked in her direction, heading straight for the surface. The clone ducked into the armory and immediately changed into riot gear. With her helmet on, no one would recognize her. The clone changed with a ferocious pace, working past her trembling fingertips. "Kriff." She stuttered, pulling on a chest protector that was too big for her. The riot gear was clearly made for someone taller, but that didn't matter now. "Okay. Find a ship, get to safety. Contact Poe." She breathed, grabbing a blocky communicator from the supply cages. She put an earpiece in, monitoring the Resistance's hectic conversations. Alena sat down and got her boots back on, lacing them tightly. Then she heard it. "We have confirmation…Kylo Ren is on the ground." A voice came over the radio. Her heart pounded in her neck, as her skin prickled. "What?" Alena spoke aloud, hearing the garbled communication. He's here. And he's close. She thought to herself. A chance to make things right. Most of the weapons were gone in the armory, but a single sniper blaster remained. Alena had fired just about every firearm during her brief time growing up, as a clone. "Kylo Ren." She muttered, grabbing the sniper and slinging it over her shoulder. Escape was now the furthest thing from her mind. Rey returned every parry Cavex tried. He was fast and strong, brutally merciless with his strikes. But she was elegant and precise. The Jedi was also, much quicker. Every breath and every footstep was calculated, like a choreographed, deadly dance. One wrong step and she would lose a hand and most certainly, her life. The Force flowed through Rey, guiding every strike and every counter. She never truly considered her legacy. The granddaughter of Palpatine and Kenobi; the daughter of Katarn. Rey was the best of them all. She grew up with nothing and had made it so far. Ben Solo was perhaps the worst parts of his lineage. But he loved her. And it all clicked in that moment. A soon to be bride, fighting to save her groom. An expectant mother, protecting the child she was carrying. Cavex felt the shift in the breeze; the winds picking up and blowing against him. She was faster and stronger willed. He could feel it; his training wasn't enough. In desperation, he cried out, "I will kill you!" Rey spun around, deflecting his feral strikes without looking. Her blade was faster than both of his. The Force favored her. The Jedi ducked under his backhand, winding up with an uppercut. The Force exploded from her fingertips, catapulting the Knight of Ren into the sky. She landed gracefully on her feet, like an angelic dancer. Rey's fierce stare and heaving chest however, showed the galaxy that she was a warrior. The ebony and ivory combo staff fell harmless on the ground. Cavex Ren landed awkwardly on his shoulder, shielding his head. He was still for a beat, as Rey tried to calm her breathing. "You tried to take Ben from me." She said, voice shaking. The Knight clutched his left shoulder, getting up to his knees. From his expression, it was clear he wasn't all there. Shoulder dislocated, he stretched his right hand to summon the still burning combo saber. It vibrated in the grass, struggling to will itself to him. "You tried to kill my baby." Rey said, running her hand over her womb. There was a feeling in her core now. It was unlike anything she'd ever felt. Rey's fingernails started burning, straining to leap out. It was as though, they wanted to carve this man's eyes out. And then it happened…a spark. Then another. Cavex leapt forward in pain, stretching out desperately for the saber. It rolled toward him, he raised it just in time. Rey looked at her hand, stuck in its clawed position. The blue light sparkled in her eyes and the raw power supercharged her veins. It made her hair stand-up. Her signature tendrils uncurled. Her bows struggled to keep their shape, fighting the static charge. The Jedi reached for Cavex, unleashing the fury of emerald lightning. It exploded from her fingertips in condensed streams of electrified light. A loud thunderclap sounded, shaking the ground. The second Knight raised the saber and barely hung on. He needed both hands, as Rey walked the deadly stream towards him. She couldn't forgive; not this time. All the things the Cavex tried to take from her. Rey knew why such things were forbidden in the Jedi Order. Love in all forms, beyond compassion. Oh, what she would do to this fool. Cavex cried out, trying to deflect the lightning back. It was futile, the emerald streaks angling the lightsaber blade back towards him. The blinding heat arched closer; unyielding. Lightning deflected to the trees lining the side. One stray bolt, shot clean through a petrified tree, behind him. Rey closed the gap, narrowing the sizzling, crackling bolts. She overloaded the red synthetic crystal. Half of the combo saber shorted out. The Second Knight howled in pain, twisting backward. The emerald lightning fried his dislocated shoulder, neck, and left side of his face. His frying skin boiled and flaked off; his breathing instantly labored and shallow. The Knight crawled from Rey, inching across the ground. The Force that was left in his body, as futile as it was, kept him conscious for a little while longer. "This feeling. This power. No wonder why Ben likes it so much." She hissed, closing her eyes. Rey's lips parted and she was breathing through her mouth, still erratic and emotional. Cavex whimpered, sounding like an animal begging to be put out of his misery. He clawed into the dirt and grass, making little progress, even with his feet kicking. The Knight's body was in trauma and he'd probably die from these injuries in minutes. Rey calmed herself, running her hand over her midsection again. Was it her son causing this? Ben swore it wasn't. That it was all him…but now she wasn't sure. Emerald lightning could only be unlocked by a Master; usually a Master from the Dark Side . The Jedi wondered if that's what she had become. Overhead, a large explosion cut through the sky. It appeared to shake Rey out of whatever bloodthirsty trance she had drifted too. "The Thrive." She breathed, sensing the flagship had taken a critical blow. Her attention turned to Cavex again. "You won't kill me…Jedi." He sputtered and spat, his breathing getting worse. Rey narrowed her eyes and picked up the combo saber. The ivory end was still burning, so she retracted the blue flame into its hilt. Rey held the staff, appreciating its craftsman ship. In comparison to her lightsaber, or Kylo's for that matter, this truly was a work of art. She fondly recalled the night he showed it to her. It was incomplete and missing crystals. That same night, they fought, survived two giant primates and made love for the first time. "It was under three moons." She whispered, finding herself again. The Jedi twisted the staff in the center, releasing both ends into separate hilts. He made this just for me. Ben started working on it, right after she scarred him on Starkiller . The man definitely had a singular focus at most times. Cavex continued to back away, as the petrified tree nearby began to weaken and crumbled at its base. "No." He shouted, hearing the tree starting to give way. Rey clipped the ebony and ivory hilts onto her belt, keeping her saber firmly in her dominate hand. The Jedi walked up and stood about ten feet away from Cavex. "You called me a Jedi whore." Rey said simply, knowing where the tree was going to fall. She stepped over his withering body, leaving him there. Cavex twisted on the ground, trying to look at her and yell, as she passed. The tree tilted on the brink, cracking and splintering at the bottom. The heavy top came down and crushed his body, before he could spew a vile comeback. The last of the Knights of Ren were gone. Well, almost , Rey thought, dashing to help Luke Skywalker. Kylo Ren stood up first, his tall frame casting a menacing shadow over his Uncle. "This is the end, Luke Skywalker." Kylo said, spinning his lightsaber arrogantly. He leaned back, bending his knees slightly. Kylo lifted his hand, levitating his Uncle in the air. The Jedi Master felt his neck tightening, as he traveled higher in the sky. Kylo's face twitched and tightened, his eyes becoming bloodshot, as Luke tried to counter the stranglehold. The Sith Master, grimaced, squinting both eyes. Luke's metallic hand twisted, ripping apart piece for piece. The Jedi Master cried out, the pain allowed Kylo Ren to deepen the Force Choke. "It's over. This is what the Jedi Order has allowed itself to become. You could have been by my side. I offered you salvation, so many years ago. Wise Master Skywalker, who pushed me down the stairs and stole my lightsaber. My birthright. Who abandoned my love, on a wasteland." Kylo reached back with his crossguard lightsaber and flung it at Luke's heart. The crimson saber boomeranged, cutting through the air. The Jedi Master's eyes shot wide open, seeing the fiery blade closing in. With a low rumble and a whip, Luke was pulled out of the way. "No!" Kylo hollered, watching his saber sail wide, hitting nothing but air. The Sith whirled around, to see his love, Rey, standing behind him. She gracefully, swayed her arms, letting Luke Skywalker down gently. The Sith Master's lips pursed, impressed that she had awoken without him noticing. She came so close to him too, masking her presence. "My love. You…cloaked yourself, but I feel you now. Stronger than ever." Kylo stared at Rey in wonder, reaching his hand out to recall his errant throw. The crossguard disengaged and zipped into his hand, without him needing to look at it. Kylo's eyes wandered down her body. He couldn't help it, he desired her so. Stopping at her belt, He noticed three hilts attached. "You are full of surprises." The Sith said, his eyes narrowing. "I have been dying to see…just how good you handle my staff ." His eyebrows raised, teasingly. "You'll have to wait, Knight of Ren." She said flatly, walking towards him with a confident stride. "I don't want to wait, my love." He said, unsure if Rey wanted to kiss him or cut his throat. Sometimes it was tough to tell with either of them. Kylo advanced towards her, just the same. They both stared at each other, Rey's sparkling eyes capturing his darker ones. Kylo wanted to read her thoughts but they were guarded. She had a barrier around their connection and wouldn't let him in. "You aren't all powerful." She said, tight lipped. "And there is a thing or two that I can teach you." "Well, thanks to you, I'm weaker" He said, still bitter about the restrictor. "What would you teach me, my love?" "How to come back…to the Light." Rey said, keeping the connection tightened. "Oh?" Kylo asked, smirking some. "I don't have to be redeemed for us to be together, remember? The path is there; the road paved." He practically growled, reaching a hand up to caress her cheek. His fingers stopped just shy, hoping she'd close her eyes or give him some sign that she still wanted him. "You've made choices for us, without giving me a chance to decide. So consumed with absolute power." Rey said flatly. "And would you prefer to die in my arms?" He barked. "I wouldn't allow it." "Have you looked around, Kylo Ren?" Rey replied, inching closer. The scene looked familiar, but it hadn't dawned on him. "You've caused all of this and yet...you can't see where we are." Rey searched his eyes. Kylo's lips parted, but his gaze darted in every direction, unsure of what he was missing. "I would die in your arms…if it saved you." Rey said, reaching up and brushing one stray lock of hair from his forehead. Kylo would have kissed her there, but a tremor in the Force ripped him away. A shot rang out from the tree line. Alena pulled the trigger, watching the red bolt surge towards Kylo Ren. The Sith turned, wide eyed, to block the sniper round. He was pushed out of the way, by Rey's smaller frame. He shouted at her, falling to the ground. For what seemed like an eternity, Kylo fell. His love was struck in the midsection and went flying backwards twenty feet. Kylo was up in an instant and at her side, cradling her in his arms. Finn cried out in horror, getting to his knees to see Rey struck by the blast. He ran faster than he ever did in his life. "I need a medic, NOW!" He cried, hovering over the pair. Kylo didn't notice him, hyperventilating as Rey lay in his arms. "Why? Rey, why?" Kylo practically sobbed with Rey's forehead pressed against his lips. Teary eyed, he recognized the scene, as it came flooding to him. It was just like this; their vision . He held her in this exact same spot. Overhead, the Thrive came crashing down, breaking apart. Thousands of tiny and large pieces slammed into the atmosphere, catching fire and exploding. Bursts of red, yellow, and blue exploded in the sky. "It…wasn't fireworks, Rey. I told you, this was what I saw." He stroked her lower jaw, turning her towards him. His cheeks were stained red now and his eyes were on fire. "Maker, it's entirely my fault. I ordered the attack…this…this was exactly what Anakin warned me about." The gleam of Rey's lightsaber caught his eye as he quivered, inconsolably. For the first time in years, the legendary family lightsaber called to him. Anakin's elegant weapon flew into his palm and it all became clear. "You once asked me, 'if you were enough…or would I need to conquer the galaxy too,'" He sniffled, igniting the blade. He whispered in her ear, "It's always you, a billion times over. I choose you." Kylo held the elegant weapon up and brought it down behind his neck. The searing blue blade carved into his flesh, cutting into the restrictor. Kylo Ren cried out, in more pain than anyone could endure. But he kept digging, for Rey. The pain was nothing compared to losing her. And maybe this was the lesson she wanted him to learn. Impossible as it seemed, he kept slicing. The restrictor fell to the ground, as Kylo saw stars. On instinct alone, he collapsed onto Rey, his bloody hand resting over her mortal wound. Kylo Ren focused on his love for her. Even as his power returned to its full, it barely was enough to drive him forward. The Sith struggled to stay awake, his hand warming up. The skin under his palm glowed like an incandescent bulb. Then there was nothing…only the Force. Rey gasped, sitting up with a heavy weight on her chest. "Maker, Rey!" Finn shouted, sliding to his knees with medics at his side. His face was a mixture of fear and relief. His cheeks swollen. "You're alive. Rey, how is this possible?" His voice trembled, watching her closely. "Finn?" Rey cried in shock, realizing Kylo Ren was in her arms. She looked more terrified than ever, trying to recall where she was. "What the…Kylo, wake up!" Rey said, wrapping her arms around him. "Oh, Maker." She whined, feeling the blood flowing from the back of his neck. "What did you do? BEN!?" She screamed at the top of her lungs, pulling him tighter. Rey sobbed as she cradled his head against her bosom. In her arms, Kylo suddenly felt weightless. It was her adrenaline perhaps; despite his tall, muscular frame. She smelled his hair, crying openly into his ear. She never cried like this. The Jedi couldn't be understood, but she pleaded with someone…anyone…to bring him back to her. The Force can't have you yet. Rey choked, desperate to find their Bond. Notes: I dreaded this chapter from day one. But we have to go there. You'll find out why, in the next chapter. Have faith in the Force, that this will end HEA. Thank you for reading. I love this community and happy May Fourth. I will update as soon as I can, I know that's a tough cliff to leave you on. Let me know what you think. Xoxo Ian. Chapter 29 : The Empress and the Knight Summary: I've been waiting a long time to write this chapter. I'll leave it at that. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Alena slung the sniper rifle over her shoulder and climbed. Off in the southern landing strips, she could see the distinct flurry of red and blue lightsabers. Her palms, elbows and knees scraped into the bark, as she angled for a better vantage point. Finding a sturdy perch, Alena zeroed the sights on her weapon, firing at some wreckage 20 yards away. Satisfied, she quickly trained her scope on Kylo Ren. Her heart pounded in her chest, as she wondered if the weapon would be enough to stop him. It has too. She thought, wiping the sweat from her brow. One last, terrible act. "So we can be together, Poe. For us ." Alena whispered, calming her breathing. The clone thought of the charming pilot that captured her heart. His smile and sometimes cavalier attitude won her over. She could imagine a life with this man — if she escaped the First Order forever. Kylo Ren had his back to her; his attention was drawn to an approaching figure. This was it; her opportunity to be free from this monster. Alena hoped to catch the Sith off guard. The First Order couldn't recover; not from this . In between heartbeats, she gently pulled the trigger. The red bolt exploded from the muzzle and the whole rifle kicked back. Her shoulder braced the brunt of it's recoil, making her wince in pain. The bolt cut through the air with a slight howl, breaking the sound barrier. In a blink, Kylo Ren was down. He fell in a black heap, but Rey was thrown back much farther. "Kriff." She cursed, seeing Kylo Ren get up immediately and cradle the Jedi Knight. "Damn." Alena shouted, turning the rifle to it's side to look at the recharge gauge. The display slowly moved from left to right. "Come on!" She yelled at the weapon, practically falling out of the tree. Her breathing was ragged again, as she felt her window to kill Kylo Ren vanishing, with each second. Over her earpiece, Alena heard Poe's voice cutting in and out. "I've been hit." He cried out, over the crackling communications. She froze, fearing the worst. "Down to one engine…" Poe stated, as Alena scanned the skies for Black One. Off in the distance, she saw an X-Wing struggling over the northern treeline. Alena raised the rifle, using the scope to track the fighter. Finding the dark grey X-Wing with orange command stripes, she panicked. He wasn't going to make it to the landing zone. "BB-8, get ready to…" He called out, before his transmission ended. "Poe!" She yelled, slipping off the branch and falling awkwardly on her feet. Alena hobbled onto her twisted ankle, limping across the thickets. The pain in her lower extremities was dulled by the rush of adrenaline. Her fear of losing Poe willed her along. Alena prayed to the Maker, that he ejected in time. Finn knelt next to Rey, as she wept. Kylo Ren was in her lap, bleeding profusely from the neck. Rey tried to stem the bleeding with her vest. The Resistance warrior couldn't help but wipe away tears himself, feeling so relieved that she was alive. All around them, debris fell from the sky. It was dangerous to be out in the open like this, especially with the battle closing in around them. Another shock wave hit the forest ground, rattling the trees. Finn couldn't be sure, but either another Star Destroyer or Resistance cruiser got hit. He gave Rey a desperate look, clearing his throat. It's only Kylo Ren , he thought, staring intently at her scrunched features. She'll get over him. He tried to convince himself. Deep down, Finn knew it wasn't true. As much as he hated to admit it, Rey would always be in love with Kylo Ren. It was a bitter pill for him to swallow; he loved the Jedi so much. She loved him too, but not in the same way. "Rey...we have to go. The First Order will be here any…" He stopped, listening to her cry louder. Finn clenched his jaw, fighting his urge to simply rip her from Kylo Ren. "Hold the Humanitarian Star." Finn said, standing and talking into his comm. He could see Tie Fighters in the distance. The Resistance was out of time. "We have two more coming on board." The commander waved both medics to step forward. They crowded Rey's side. "Get Kylo Ren aboard the Star. Save him." Finn said, sharply. "I don't care what it takes." "Still no word..still no word on Poe." Admiral Choi said, lowering his voice mid-sentence. Leia, pulled him into one of the few empty hallways. "How the hell did this happen?" She asked, leading him away from the crowded facilities on the Humanitarian Star. There were Resistance bodies all over the ship and Leia's thoughts were a mixture of guilt and despair. "It appears as though one of their Destroyers lost its polarity and collided with the Thrive. Whether or not that was intentional or by our own hands, is anyone's guess. It left too many ships in the vicinity without cover." Choi admitted. "We need to focus our efforts on saving every survivor here and throughout the fleet." Leia said, burying her hand in her palm. She was merely talking out loud, trying to clear the noise in her mind. The General knew her crews were already doing everything they could. The escape from Dantooine had been far too costly for the Resistance. Choi nodded and pulled out a fresh pair of gloves. "I'll get back to it." He said, leaving her with the report. Across the spacious aide vessel, Rey watched Leia closely. She had a difficult time controlling the Force right now, as it vibrated unstably through her body. The Jedi could feel the pain of these survivors, many of which wouldn't survive until morning. It left Rey feeling desperate for fresh air, unable to breathe or process it all. She could have ended this — all of it — weeks ago. But Rey was stubborn and tried to save Kylo Ren instead. Rather, she tried to save Ben Solo . The Jedi could have accepted his hand on the Finalizer. Finn and Poe would have hated her for it. But her friends would be alive today, had she given in then. Looking out at the vast sea of casualties, gave her perspective. The Jedi knew what the right call was, at least for her. Perhaps she always did, but it wasn't until Rey spoke with Kyle Katarn that she admitted it. As much as she wanted to become a Jedi Knight, it seemed like a selfish pursuit in the wake of these tragic events. Rey took one last longing look at Kylo Ren. He floated peacefully, bobbing in the medicated water, ever so slightly. She placed her hand on the bacta tank, feeling the movements of his chest in the subtle vibrations on the glass. "The best thing I ever did, was give my life to save yours." She spoke softly, leaning in and kissing the cold glass. "I wish I knew whether or not you could hear me. Can you still feel me, Ben Solo — even when I can't feel you?" Rey asked, turning away from her love. "I can only hope so." She added softly. The Jedi made eye contact with General Organa, who was walking around the perimeter. The two could feel each other's Force signatures. Rey sensed a woman that was deeply mournful, barely hanging on — because she had too. Leia sensed a young woman who was at the end of her line. Rey's cold expression spoke volumes. Rey looked down at the three lightsabers on her belt and sighed. Leia parted her lips, noticing that the Jedi left something near her son's Bacta tank. Rey didn't look back, heading for the emergency docks. The General resisted the urge to call for Rey, knowing that this choice was her own. Finn rounded the opposite corner a few minutes later, looking exhausted. His bloodshot eyes had dark bags underneath them. He was in some discomfort from his fight with Kylo Ren, but was trying his best not to show it. "It's not the best javine, Rey, but..." His voice trailed off, noticing that Rey was no where in sight. He stopped by the stool, planted in front of Kylo Ren. Instead of finding Rey hunched in an uncomfortable position, he saw the Skywalker lightsaber. The hilt sat on its base, waiting patiently for someone to summon it. He dropped the hot cup of javine on the floor and took off running for his friend. On the surface of Dantooine, Commander Kody approached the site in question. His clones scoured the battlefield for hours, looking for signs of Rey or Kylo Ren. They tore apart the entire Resistance base, searching for their leaders. It seemed like a busted excursion; a failed mission that the clones wouldn't accept. Until a lightsaber was discovered. "We may have something here." One of the troopers said, kneeling by two distinct pools of blood. Kody bent down and retrieved the crossguard saber of Kylo Ren. "This sample is definitely his," the stormtrooper continued, testing the blood for a second time. Commander Kody looked down at the lightsaber and inwardly groaned. He wouldn't have left his weapon here, unless there was a serious issue. "Where the hell is our Empress? Where the hell are they ?" Kody asked rhetorically, kicking at the grass and revealing another few droplets of blood. The Commander tapped on his helmet to contact General Phasma. "It appears the Kaminoans were correct. I have the misfortune to say, that Kylo Ren is gone. M I A." He said over the open transmission. There was a long pause over the communication. The crew of the Finalizer fell completely silent. "And the Empress?" Phasma asked, pinching the bridge of her nose. She feared the response. "There's no sign of her. Her blood, however, has littered the forest ground. It doesn't look promising, General. I don't believe someone could have survived these wounds. Even someone as powerful as the Empress." Kody replied. The clones kneeling on the ground, looked up to their commander. Kody was quickly surrounded by the rest of his squadron, that had separated into search parties. "What do we do, sir?" One of them asked, looking down at the pools of blood. Kody killed the transmission to the Finalizer, flipping open his forearm display. He started swiping through old Imperial Orders, finding the last batch issued by the Remnants. "Order 394." He stated, reading the details. "The Remnants of the Empire are to track down a powerful Force user and..." Kody stopped, getting interrupted. "That won't be necessary." A voice said, coming up the small hill. Her fingers drifted in the thigh high grass, as she walked. The surface of Dantooine still smelled of fire and war. Kody lowered his wrist as the figure approached. His fellow clones surrounded him, taking a defensive formation. "As I understand, you have already acquired a fleet." Rey said, lifting her hand. Commander Kody and his squadron were raised in the air; their bodies dangled helpless and paralyzed by the Force. "Empress!?" Kody croaked, feeling his neck tighten. She dropped them hard, letting the forest ground break their fall. The clones struggled to get to their knees and bow before their sworn leader. "Rey!" Kylo shouted, startling himself awake. Kylo Ren woke disoriented, feeling like he escaped a terrible nightmare. The darkness closed in and strangled him, twisting his abstract dreams. Even now, he wondered if he was awake or still dreaming. It felt like he slept for an eternity. He'd hear voices and whispers. People from his past. Voices he didn't know or recognize, coming in at all hours of the day. But there was one positive image that he struggled to remember. A picture that kept slipping away; whatever it was, it didn't seem so bad at all. Reaching for it, only seemed to push it further from his grasp. I can't remember , he thought, searching for that imagery. Still groggy, he strained to fix his blurry vision and get his voice back. Kylo's arms were stretched wide, in chains. That's what brought him fully awake, sharpening his sights and drying his mouth out. The rattle and clanking of thick, crude metallic chains. They were attached to outdated bindings around each wrist. As daunting as the restraints may seem, he was a Sith Master. It would be no problem to get out of these. Only… "What the hell?" He cried, trying to summon the Force. He flexed and fought, unable to get the locks to budge. Again and again, he grimaced, trying to find the strength to break the archaic restraints. But the power wasn't there. His heart raced and eyes bulged, as a terrible panic swept his core. "The Force…" Kylo whispered. "It's…it's…gone from me." His voice failed him. With his arms stretched, he shifted uncomfortably in his seated position. The bench was digging into him; numbing his ass and thighs. It was clear he had been sitting in this position for hours. Whoever placed him here, was not concerned that he would be escaping. "What the hell have you done to me!?" Kylo shouted to the heavens, more desperate than ever. The restrictor was gone; he remembered that part. And then the real panic set in — he couldn't feel Rey either. The Bond was gone. "What is this? What the kriff, is going on?" His voice shook. "Hello Ben," a small voice came out of the shadows. It made him jump. "Rey?" He asked, eyes welling up with tears. She stepped closer, allowing the dim light to cast a harsh shadow over her face. "Rey, I was…completely wrong." He said, fighting the chains to get closer to her. "I know." She gave him a small, half-hearted smile. For the first time that Kylo could remember, Rey was wearing lipstick. He wanted to compliment her on it, but found himself tongue-tied. This was so out of character for her. It darkened her naturally rosy lips. Those lips he'd lose himself in. "It's funny isn't it?" Rey said. "What?" He replied, wishing to read her thoughts. His eyes pleaded with her to release him. "You did all of this to save me. Destroyed the Jedi Academy; turned to the Dark Side. You sacrificed your own life for mine. And here we are; unable to be with each other. Missing the Bond that drove us together. Ships passing in the night. That's the legacy of Kylo Ren, I suppose. For better or worse." She took a slow step forward, allowing more of herself into the light. Rey was cloaked in mostly black; in something resembling more of a dress than anything else. Kylo wanted to protest, his mind racing and stumbling over his thoughts. He tried to open his mouth, but she held his jaw with the Force. Rey arched an eyebrow at his stunned expression. "I have more to say. I've done everything to save Ben Solo . The lengths people go, to save the one's they love. For years I was alone on Jakku, never knowing that you were out there — looking for me. Maybe next time we can collaborate. It might go smoother." She released his jaw and he glared a little at her. "Next time?" Kylo sighed, cranking his stiff neck. "I'm not Ben…anymore." He swallowed hard. "That's too bad. Because I love Ben Solo very much. Without him, I'd never gone down this incredible journey." Rey said solemnly. Kylo looked at his knees, "I don't know how to be anyone, other than Kylo Ren ." She took a few steps closer to him, just out of arm's reach. "The galaxy doesn't need Kylo Ren. He died on Dantooine. Let him rest there." Rey said, firmly. Kylo's eyes closed at her remark, feeling his neck tightening. That awful feeling, just before a downpour. "It could however, use Ben Solo." She continued, her voice cracking on the name. Rey cradled the side of his face, brushing her thumb along the scar she gave him. Kylo closed his eyes, savoring the contact. He needed her touch; it eased the tension from his shoulders. "I can't feel you. The Force has abandoned me. It's like I'm missing a limb, or worse, my soul." Kylo said. His love nodded, her eyes sparkling in the faint light. "The same thing happened to me, when you destroyed the Jedi Order. When I saw Ben Solo in that awful mask...my friend, disappeared forever. The Force left me." She said softly. Kylo Ren understood this to be the case and fell silent. "When you landed on Jakku, I think it all changed. The Force stirred in me; it awakened . You were so close to me again. I think we missed an opportunity that we weren't ready for." Rey said, biting her lip. Kylo shut his eyes, unable to hold her stare. "You wouldn't want me now...not broken like this." He sounded completely deflated. Rey sighed and climbed into his lap, straddling his waist. Kylo's breathing hitched and his scared eyes shot open to find hers. "Why would you say that?" She asked, giving him a kiss on the neck. "I can't feel the Force. It could take years to get it back. Or maybe never; like Plagueis." He stumbled, as she cupped his face with both hands. "I know." Rey replied, giving him a quick peck on the lips. Pulling back for a beat, she leaned forward and gave Kylo a deeper kiss. It felt so sweet; like it had been ages since they did this. "I missed these lips." She moaned, pulling away and getting off his lap. Her hand lingered on his chest, feeling his heartbeat. Kylo lazily opened his eyes, "How long was I out?" Rey looked away at the question, as it became clear that something weighed heavily on her; she seemed to be acting so different from the woman he knew and loved. "Two months." Rey said, giving him a concerned look. "Oh, Rey." He said, feeling guilty for being out of it for so long. "A lot can happen in two months. I certainly did miss you." She said, tracing her finger long his collar bone. "But your awake now and that's what matters." Kylo exhaled in frustration and threw his head back. He stared at the ceiling, overcome with a powerless feeling. The Sith Master wasn't use to feeling so weak. After a few seconds, he heard her footsteps along the stairs. Kylo sprang up to his feet, just to catch one last glimpse of her. "Rey, no! Wait! What about the baby." He called to her. Kylo began yelling, thrashing in the cell. His cries echoed throughout the freezing base. His love, Rey stood at the top of the stairwell, keeping her expression as stoic as possible. Her saddened eyes gave her away however, as Leia approached. "You didn't tell him about the babies?" Leia asked, guardedly. This was the first time in weeks that she had seen Rey. "He needs time." Rey said sharply, turning to leave. "Rey, I can't condone this course you're on. It's...dangerous." Leia warned, hoping this time, the message would get through to her. "Stay and talk with us." On both sides of the barrax stood troops, with blasters at the ready. Behind Leia were Republic marines, ready to fire at a moment's notice. Chewy and Finn were out in front, watching Rey longingly. Behind Rey, were the fearsome Gray and Reds. The Empress turned to face General Organa. "If I were you, General, I'd stop picking former Rebellion bases, to hide on." Rey warned, her gaze as frigid as the Hoth system. One of the clones stepped forward and helped her into a thick, furry black coat. Leia was at a loss for words, as Rey slipped behind the Clone Army. The mother of her grandchildren disappeared from sight. Chewy called out desperately, but his friend wouldn't stop to listen. The Grey and Reds said nothing, backing out of the barracks. One soldier stayed behind, staring at Leia and the Resistance in a challenging way. Commander Kody kept his weapon pointed down, but his posture spoke volumes. Kody finally turned to leave, giving the Resistance an uneasy, collective sigh. The Empress belonged to the Clones now. General Organa hated this helpless feeling, as Finn and Chewy approached her. "We can't just let Rey leave. Look at her!" Finn said, swinging around to face the General. Chewy purred in agreement. "We don't have the forces to stop her; not yet anyway. I am most certainly, not letting it end here." Leia said, feeling it weighing heavily on her chest. After a half hour, Finn came bounding down the steps to the makeshift cells. He had a blaster clutched in his hands. Kylo Ren didn't respond to his presence, staring at the cold tile floor. "You're a fucking disaster," Finn said, clicking the safety off the weapon. Finn wiped his brow, finding it strange that he could be sweating in these conditions. "Tell me, Finn. Do you ever hear a voice in your head?" Kylo asked softly. Finn just blinked at the question, raising the weapon. He clenched his jaw, breathing deeply. "Once, maybe twice. When Rey left in the Falcon, to screw that restrictor into your neck." He admitted. "The Dark Side." Kylo gave him a little crooked smile. "You've kept it from Rey, I assume?" "It changes nothing." Finn said, rocking in his stance a bit. "She gave herself over to the Clone Army. Are you happy? Rey doesn't just have to dress up and pretend to be something she's not. They expect her to act like you! Like some pissed off, entitled prick on an ego trip. The Clones expect her to act like the granddaughter of Emperor Palpatine." "Well, she is the granddaughter of Palpatine." Kylo replied. "Would you like to kill me now?" Finn took a step closer, pointing the blaster right at Kylo's head. "Don't play mind games with me, Ren. Do you know what this bullshit is doing to Rey? Did you see it in her eyes, when she came down here? Everyone seems to think that you can be of use somehow; that maybe you can help get her back. I think that this has been just your an elaborate plan to bring her to the Dark Side." He shouted. Kylo chuckled a little at the insinuation. "I can't...feel her . Our Bond is lost. There is a part of me that has been ripped away." "First the Jedi Order, then Starkiller Base, Han Solo, and now this. Do you really expect me to feel sorry for you?" Finn asked incredulously. "Of course not. I'd gladly welcome death, to be free of this hollow pain." Kylo said, closing his eyes and leaning back. The fallen Force user tried one last time to contact Rey, but it was fruitless. "She really is lost to me." Kylo complained, defeated. He hit the back of his head on the wall again. Finn took aim with the blaster. Without another word, he fired twice. Rey sat in the back of her command shuttle, fussing with her dress. She preferred to be alone, but Commander Kody knelt in front of her. He showed her data on a holopad, hoping to lift the her spirits. "We just received word from our spies. General Nujaris and his limping Star Destroyer have been found near Lut Tanto. No doubt, the rest of the Resistance fleet will be joining him there." Kody said, sounding proud of his team. "He should never have evaded your forces for so long. Send the Destroyers, all of them. Eliminate Nujaris before he contacts the Resistance." The Empress ordered. "All? Of course, Empress." Kody said, lingering. He didn't understand why she would want to send the entire fleet, but was terrified to object. "Is there more?" Rey asked, sounding annoyed. She arched her eyebrow in a threatening manner. "We could have wiped them all out right there, Empress. We could have taken back Kylo Ren, all in one move." Kody lowered his helmet, feeling the heat from her gaze. "Those were not the arrangements. We stick to our word, do we not, soldier?" She asked, rhetorically. "The temporary cease fire will offer them only false hope. Once the three hours are up, move in on their convoys." Commander Kody resisted the urge to look up, merely nodding, "Of course." He bowed slightly and slinked away. The devoted officer wanted to tell her some additional good news. The capture of Alena Calligan, would certainly brighten her mood. But not today; Kody was confident the Empress would want to make a public example of the woman that nearly claimed her life. "Kylo Ren is dead." Rey said sternly, turning her face to the rear of the ship. The Empress hid her wet eyes from the rest of her men. She rested her hand over her womb, fighting back the flood of emotions boiling within. Rey couldn't afford to cry in front of them, but she doubted that policy could endure throughout her pregnancy. Kylo looked surprised, lowering his freed hands near his waist. "This isn't over, not by a long shot. I need a Knight to get Rey back." Finn stated. "Where is Master Skywalker? Don't tell me he left again." Kylo snorted. "For Ahch-To, sure he did. You mucked it all up and now Rey has to act the part. If the clones don't think they are dealing with Palpatine's heir, they will kill her." Finn said, gravely. "Well, Luke may find he has some company this time around. And Rey can handle herself. She doesn't need a hero in shining armor." "I agree. It's a good thing you only wear black." Finn hissed. A handful of armed marines came down the stairs and interrupted them. Their commanding officer lowered his weapon and turned to face his men. "Sir, we have to get off this system. We can't hold it any longer and we're approaching our three hour window." Leia chose the Hoth system as neutral ground to meet with the Empress. The Resistance knew they couldn't hold the system for more than a few hours. So the cease-fire was intact for just a brief time. And as it turned out, Rey used her visit to check on Kylo Ren. Nothing more. The moment the deal expired, the Hoth System would be swarmed by the Clones. "Good. I hate the cold." Finn replied, shaking the gun and gesturing to the stairs. "Let's go, Kylo Ren." The Knight glared at Finn, but did as he was told. As they walked, Poe joined Finn. Using crutches, the daring pilot worked quickly to keep up with his best friend. They both kept Kylo Ren in front of them, talking quietly. "This is a terrible idea." Poe said, under his breath. "We have to try something." Finn said, steering Kylo Ren towards mobile command. Pamich Nero saw Kylo Ren approaching and dropped her datapad. "How do you know it's a terrible idea, anyway? I didn't tell you my plan yet." Finn quipped. "There is a plan, though?" Poe hissed, feeling the pain in his knee slowing him down. "Ben?" Leia said, bewildered. "What the hell is he doing out of his cell?" She snapped her fingers for two marines, who ran to her side. Finn started to talk, but Leia immediately interrupted him. Kylo ignored the bickering Resistance, catching something in his peripherals. The ensuing argument faded into the background, as he scanned the old Rebellion base. He stared off into the opened blast doors, fixating on the bitter blankets of snow. A small blizzard was just starting outside, building momentum in the horizon. The disgraced Sith Master walked towards the shield doors, seeing something faint in the budding flurry. Leia yelled at him in the distance, but he kept walking. At one point he was shoved to the ground, feeling at least one body holding him down. He kept his eyes on the snow, straining to keep his face upward. There was a light there, hiding in the wisps and drawing his attention. A single snowflake made it all the way to his nose. Lying on his stomach, he saw the vision that eluded his dreams. This is much more than a dream. He thought, as both arms got yanked behind his back. From the snow, a beautiful woman with long, dark brown hair walked toward him. She had flowers lovingly placed in her locks and had incredibly kind eyes. The woman held her hand out, as if to reach for him. Kylo couldn't help himself. Despite the people restraining him, he tried to reach for this woman. He fought to get control of his hands. She made him feel wanted, loved and whole, all at once. A shimmering blue spectre crossed through him and grabbed his grandmother's open hand. Anakin Skywalker held her hand up and kissed it gently. It brought tears to Kylo Ren's eyes. The Force was here...guiding him in this frozen wasteland. Showing the fallen Knight that it was possible to come back from the brink; even in death, Padme found her way back to Anakin. Leia was shouting at the men surrounding her son and she suddenly stopped, feeling something change. The Force spoke to her, begging the General to let it in. "I knew she was beautiful." Kylo said, seeing how happy Padme was. He felt his chest bursting with warmth. This was the image indeed; the voice calling him to awaken was Padme's. "That is exactly what I needed to see." The gaping hole is his soul solidified, as the Force entered his fingertips. "So, you found her after all?" He chuckled between sobs of relief, sniffling at the angel before him. "What the hell has gotten into this guy?" One of the marines asked, feeling Kylo Ren starting to get up. A stun baton was being jabbed into Kylo Ren's side, but it had no effect. The Knight exhaled, exploding with the Force and throwing all four men off of him. A fifth marine charge in, but immediately veered off, fearing the Sith Master. Kylo Ren climbed to his feet, standing taller than ever. "I need my lightsaber." He said, watching Padme and Anakin walk away. They faded blissfully into the building snowstorm. This was perfect. I wish you could have seen this, Rey. He thought, hoping to send the message across their connection. A stunned crowd had gathered around him, unsure of whether to jump on his back or give him room. Maz Kanata worked her way through the crowd, clutching a wooden box in her arms. "My lightsaber." He repeated, looking into the snowstorm. "We didn't find that unstable, ludacris sword." Finn shot back, keeping his blaster trained on Kylo Ren. As he said this, Maz flipped the box open. Kylo turned at the waist and stretched out his hand. The Skywalker lightsaber rested in the box, gleaming in the light. It stayed perfectly still and the Sith reached again. The hilt started to shake, vibrating furiously. It flew into his hands, fitting perfectly in his grasp; just like his days at the academy. Every blaster in the group was now trained on him. "At last." He said, eyeing the legendary weapon carefully. "Kylo Ren, put down the lightsaber." Poe said, trying to ease the tension in the small group. They all needed to escape Hoth, before the blizzard made it impossible. The Clones may not risk coming down in this weather, but they could take pot shots from space. "Is the Falcon here?" Kylo asked, looking to clip the hilt onto his belt. He found he was in a ratty old flight suit. "What the hell am I wearing?" The Sith turned around, looking at the get-up that was a little too short for him. He found it amusing that he hadn't noticed the odd clothing. "Ben, put down the lightsaber." Leia said, stepping out in front of everyone. "You can have it back after I've finished. Actually, that's not entirely accurate. Rey will want it back." He said, shifting his gaze around the group. Two marines tried to feint in from behind, jumping back the moment Kylo Ren flinched. He inhaled deeply. "That won't work out so well. Do not stand in my way, please." "Please?" Finn blurted out, starting to ease off the trigger. "Fine. Move, or I shall move you myself." Kylo threatened, keeping his tone eerily matter-of-fact. "Calm down, every body." Maz yelled, trying to get the crowds attention. She set the box down and stood on top of it. "You're not going back to the First Order or the Empire. It's over, Kylo Ren." Finn shouted, inching closer. He wanted to reach for the General, to pull her out of harm's way. She took a step forward, as if sensing his intent. "The galaxy doesn't need Kylo Ren. It needs the Jedi." The Force user replied, igniting his lightsaber. The blue glow bathed Kylo's face as the weapon moved closer to his shoulder. Finn and Poe both shot each other a puzzled look. "Now, I am going after Rey. I need to bring her back, before she's lost forever." Ben Solo took a defensive form, as the Resistance troops wavered. He could feel the tension; their fear. They were right to be afraid, but only if they delayed him further. Kylo exhaled and the Resistance troops lowered their weapons. His calm, seemed to pacify them. "How is this possible?" Finn asked, dropping his blaster altogether. "I am one with the Force. But I can't do this alone." Ben replied, looking at his mother. "Ben?" Leia said softly, tilting her head and looking into his eyes. For the first time in many years, she knew him. Ben was standing right there, before her. She inhaled, placing a hand over her chest. "I will need a fast ship." Ben said, seeing a tall figure stepping forward. Chewy purred, making his way to Leia and wrapping a paw around her. "Yes, Chewy, and a change of clothes." Ben Solo killed the blade to the lightsaber and waited for his mother to respond. The small group of marines and Resistance personnel waited anxiously for their orders. Leia stood silent, in awe at the man standing before her. "Get the Jedi Knight what he needs." Leia ordered, with a small smile. Notes: Best line I've ever written. It only took me 29 chapters to get to it. Leia is such a rockstar. :D — alright, let me know what you think. Really appreciate this awesome reylo community. I feel so fortunate to share this story with everyone. Come say hello on tumblr - iancantbesaved. Chapter 30 : A Tale of Two Knights Summary: Rey struggles with her pregnancy and the temptation of the Dark Side. Kylo Ren has his power restored, but the Force Bond is gone. He worries for Rey and because the demons of his past are threatening to send her into the darkness for good. Can Kylo Ren reach his love in time? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey stared out the port side window of her Imperial Command Shuttle. She could see the dark silhouette of the Fleet in the distance. It wouldn't be long before her shuttle was back aboard the Super Star Destroyer, Imperial One . The shuttle was returning from the brief meeting on Hoth. Rey crinkled her forehead, thinking about her interaction with Kylo Ren. The Jedi realized she couldn't go back just yet. She had a claustrophobic feeling and returning to a Star Destroyer wasn't going to help matters, even if it was a particularly large destroyer. "I need to meditate," Rey said, keeping her back to the support crew and Commander Kody. She could see the soldiers behind her shift uncomfortably in the window's reflection. The Commander cleared his throat but remained seated. "Empress Rey, we will be arriving aboard Imperial One in ten minutes." That wouldn't do for Rey. She rubbed her belly, feeling the bump that was growing more prevalent with each passing week. The Jedi put her 'Empress Face' on, which was a tightly-lipped, hardened glare. It was actually a look that she had seen Leia use on Finn and Poe a few times. "Find me the nearest planet with plenty of green," Rey ordered, making it sound like the matter was closed for discussion. For Rey, it was easier to snap at her subordinates and be bossy so long as she didn't think about it. This was one of those times, when she had no problem being demanding. The shuttle crew quickly found a small, emerald planet with plenty of vegetation. "Empress Rey, please let me escort you," Commander Kody said as the ramp lowered in the back of the shuttle. Rey dropped her eyelids and turned to the Commander. "That won't be necessary, Commander Kody. Stay here with the ship. I am more than capable of defending myself." The Commander shifted on his toes, resisting the urge to object. The icy stare from his Empress kept him from arguing. Without a word spoken, Kody helped Rey out of her elegant overcoat. She held back a smile, enjoying the freedom of movement this granted her. The Jedi Knight enjoyed the subtle breeze that tickled her calf muscles and ruffled the bottom of her dress. She walked down the ramp alone and quickly found a natural path to follow. The sun-soaked trail hugged a small hill, carrying her further away from the command shuttle. Being out here, with the wind in her intricately braided hair, was far preferable to life aboard a stuffy Destroyer. The path eventually ended in a shaded meadow and Rey knew this was the perfect spot. The Force told her to rest here. Feeling her lower back aching, Rey took a seat on a fallen mossy tree trunk. Her hand rested on her belly, as it often did these days. "If you're out there, I could use some guidance," she said, feeling the slight breeze picking up. The leaves above her rustled in a calming, serene way. A moment later, the Jedi Knight felt the Force surround her in a warm embrace. "You look radiant in that dress," Kyle Katarn said. He gave her a wide grin and Rey realized that they had the same teeth. The same flirty smile. "Very funny," Rey said, fidgeting with the dark material by her waist. The Jedi Knight couldn't get used to the lavish clothes, makeup and stylized hair. It was one of the many things that Rey was having trouble adjusting to over the past two months as Empress. "It's true, my dear. I do believe that your mother wore something similar on our wedding day. It was a rushed affair, you know?" Katarn sat down on the boulder next to her. Rey angled her head, staring intently at his features. "We were in the middle of a fight with the Remnants. It was the most brutal of circumstances, but then again, it was war," said Katarn. "She still had time to find a nice dress though — my mother?" Rey asked, shyly. The Jedi wished she could see her mother right now. There were so many questions she had. "I believe my lower jaw dropped. I never thought she would wear anything but pants. In fact, she told me as much." Rey grinned from ear to ear. She didn't have much to smile about, as of late. The muscles in her face immediately relaxed. "You need to smile more, Rey. This is so important for the baby," Katarn said, reading her instantly. "My baby," Rey said, softly. The Jedi Knight hadn't seen her father since that day on Dantooine. She needed to tell him the truth; that there were two children. Force, where to begin , she thought. "I believe your fiancé would agree," the Force Ghost said, trying to coax another smile from her. Rey looked saddened, her voice faltering. "My fiancé," she breathed. "It's most unfortunate, but he is gone. I don't believe Kylo Ren will ever make it back to me." "And what about Ben Solo?" he asked gently. Rey stood up. "They are one and the same. Either way, it's not safe for him to be with me." The Empress didn't want to elaborate on the subject right now. "Are you not the Empress of the First Order? Or is it called Rey's Empire these days?" Katarn had a twinkle in his eyes, as if he was doing his best to lighten the mood. "Is this not what we discussed on Dantooine? That this dramatic course was the only way," Rey said bitterly. She wasn't in the mood to joke around. The Force Ghost dropped his smile. "You know the truth, my dear. This is the best way to keep your friends safe. Even if they resent your choice, this difficult decision was the best way to ensure their survival. They may not like it or even understand that this is indeed a sacrifice you are making on their behalf." "By being something I'm not?" Rey snapped back. "You can accomplish many things with a lightsaber, Rey. But this is your greatest test to date. Frankly, the galaxy doesn't need a Jedi Knight right now," Kyle Katarn said, scratching his beard. "It needs an Empress," she replied. "It needs you, Rey. In whatever form that takes, I support your decision. It's not like you to run away from a fight. When you jumped in front of that sniper round you gave your life to save the man you loved. You were still fighting then... just like your mother," Katarn said, shimmering brighter just thinking about the comparison. "What good did it do? Ben was in a coma for two months. When he woke, I could barely spend any time with him," Rey said, unable to hold his stare. "I couldn't… I couldn't stay there any longer without my feelings boiling over. You see, he kept such a big secret from me." The Jedi's voice shook and it caused the birds to abandon their nearby nests. Kyle Katarn looked up to the trees in surprise, before settling his gaze back to Rey. "Did he keep a secret because he thought he was protecting you?" He asked. "No!" Rey shouted, feeling a Dark energy coursing through her veins. "And why are you always taking his side?" "Rey," he replied, gently. "No. You know what? He once told me that he was responsible for your death. Can you believe that?" she asked, incredulously. There was a brief pause, before her eyes widened. "Wait... you mean it's true!?" The color appeared to drain from Kyle Katarn's shimmery silver face. "It was my fault, entirely," he admitted. Rey pulled her fingers through her hair, unsure of where to look. "Rey, I made a mistake. I didn't realize who Snoke was, until it was too late. Young Ben Solo found me, crawling through the abandoned halls of one of the Churches. His parents often left him there, because they were so busy. Anyway, the toxins made me say some pretty regrettable things." "You asked Ben Solo to kill you?" Rey gasped, covering her mouth. "Force, how old was he?" "Too young, Rey. I'm not proud of what I did; damning a boy's future like that. I did, however, make him promise to find you. I shared only an image of an infant and Ben did the rest. He poured through volumes of books and records to find my baby." Rey swallowed hard, "So, you did put him in my path." "Ben showed me mercy, by ending my misery. More importantly, he protected my child. It's hard for me not to root for that troubled young man," he admitted. "Despite the atrocities he has committed, I still believe in him." Rey ran her hand over her forehead. "Okay. Okay, you should know that he secretly had a child cloned that was half his DNA and half mine," the Jedi Knight blurted out. "I mean, it appears as though it was an experiment that the cloner race did on their own. But still, he kept the child's existence from me." Kyle Katarn blinked rapidly, before smiling. "So, I get to have two grandchildren?" "I'm leaving," Rey said, storming across the shaded meadow. "No, wait. I'm sorry," Kyle conceded, positioning himself in front of her. "If you've been torn inside — this lost — then you should have come to talk to me about this sooner. It's been two months, Rey. This must be eating you alive." "I really should get back to the shuttle. My daughter has been alone and I worry. There is only one person in the fleet that I can trust and I've ordered her to stand guard. And it's only because she was so indebted to Kylo Ren that I trust her with the protection of my incubating child." "Ah, Rey, forever a Jedi Knight, carrying the weight of the galaxy on your shoulders. You could always take both children and run," Katarn suggested. "Excuse me?" Rey snapped, turning back to get in his face. She felt a surge of dark energy pooling in her extremities. "If I leave now, the Resistance will be slaughtered. If I leave now, more systems will be conquered by the Empire. More importantly, it's dangerous to risk moving my daughter while she's still incubating. Staying is the safest thing for my family." "Why wouldn't the Clone Army stand down at your command?" Kyle Katarn asked, taking a step back. "Why wouldn't your stormtroopers obey your orders?" "Because long ago, when the clones were being brainwashed, Kylo Ren believed that the only way we could be together was if I became his apprentice. He ingrained those troops with certain assumptions about their Empress." "For example, their Empress needed to produce Force Lightning?" he asked, feeling a buzz in the air. Katarn had this suspicion building that Rey's powers had spiked since the last time he saw her. Rey flexed her fingers, letting a series of emerald sparks dance between her fingertips, confirming his hunch. "Kylo Ren expected me to succumb to the Dark Side, once upon a time. I resisted and he changed his tune, pushing for the Rule of Two. He thought of the balance between a Jedi and Sith Master; that maybe this was the change that needed to be implemented for the rule to work. Even as I fought him on that aspect, he never changed the messages that were being drilled into those clones. He was thoughtless." "They expect you to be their Empress, as ruthless as Palpatine," Katarn realized, his eyes widening. The Jedi nodded. "These past two months have been a trial, for many reasons. Coming to grips with motherhood and with being alone again. Crying myself to sleep, wondering if Kylo Ren would ever wake up." Katarn sighed, just before burying his hands in his face. "My dear, sweet child. This has been much harder on you, than I perceived it would be. Truly, I am sorry." "I made my own choices, back there on Dantooine. I made a terribly hard decision aboard the Humanitarian Star . I accepted the responsibility and what this sacrifice would mean. If I need to show my troops the full power of the Dark Side, I suppose I will. If that gives me complete control over them," Rey said, sniffling a little before finding her defiance. "Your powers have shifted and grown," Katarn said breathlessly. He thought there was a glow about her, but now he could see that the Dark Side was vying for control in Rey's body. "I thought there was something different about you, aside from my grandson of course." The Force radiated around the Jedi Knight in an unusual way, the Light and the Dark swelled in her. Rey cut him off, "I think it happened when the Bond was severed. Kylo Ren gave up his powers and nearly lost his life to save me. I can't find any reference for something like this happening in the history of the Jedi Order. Have a Sith and a Jedi shared a Force Bond before? To my knowledge, there has never been a baby born from both. I think part of what he lost is coursing within me. It's like I've stolen knowledge that he accidentally passed along. It wouldn't be the first time he did this." The Empress buried her forehead in her hand. "Force, I hate this feeling. It's like I'm being torn apart. Carrying a child is enough of a responsibility. I detest having to carry Kylo Ren's power, too. Even if it's a fraction of his strength, it feels like a curse. It's unfair and I don't want this." Rey's eyes welled up. "I never wanted any of this." The Force ghost of her father flickered and briefly passed through to the other side. Katarn made it back to Rey and clutched his chest. The Jedi's emotions spiked toward the Dark Side and the ripple in the Force pushed Kyle Katarn away. The negative energy made it difficult for Kyle Katarn to remain in the vicinity. "Rey," he whispered, catching her attention. His daughter realized what she was doing and steadied her breathing. "If Kylo Ren can find the Force again, he can help restore the Bond and free you of this burden." "Sorry," Rey offered. "I know you are trying to be positive." Kyle Katarn was silent for a beat, considering Rey's power and everything she had confessed. He worried that his daughter was struggling too much with the Dark Side when she needed to be avoiding such stresses. Being an Empress certainly didn't help the heap of issues that Rey was tackling alone. There was something else that Rey wasn't telling him, Kyle Katarn could sense it in her strained voice. "What about the stormtroopers, my dear?" he asked. The Force ghost did not mean to upset his daughter, but he needed to know more. "Please, we must get everything out in the open. If you can show these kind of Dark Side abilities, then why aren't they completely under your control?" Rey licked her lips and paused for a long moment. Her forehead crinkled as it became painfully obvious that she was trying to word everything carefully. "The Clone Army has been putting me through trials over the past couple of months. I've accepted and passed every ordeal and there is only one trial remaining. The clones have been preparing this final test in complete secret." "You've figured out what you will face at the final trial," Kyle Katarn stated. Rey nodded in response and he gave her a look of admiration. "I would have expected nothing less from my talented daughter. Tell me, what will you face to earn total control over the Empire?" "I will have to order the execution of 390 prisoners. Most are Resistance fighters," Rey stated matter-of-factly. "I've probably fought along-side of some of them, though I only recognized one name: the woman who shot me." Kyle Katarn's eyes grew wide and his lips parted. He didn't expect this and was at a loss for words. The Jedi Knight was confident that this was the final test. She had used the Force to confirm her suspicions and it had loomed over her all week. Commander Kody, it seemed, had a surprise for her. He captured Alena Calligan and was going to present her at the executions. Rey bit her bottom lip, apprehensive about the looming scenario. The Jedi had a score to settle with that woman and Rey felt herself surge with the Dark Side. "This is exactly what the clones want, Rey. They want to see you unleash the Force. They're expecting to see you behave like Emperor Palpatine," he replied, hoping to get through to her. "I'm afraid this goes far beyond producing some shimmering sparks of Force Lightning." Rey nodded, before shutting her eyes. It was her facial expression that set him off balance. Rey's hesitant features had tightened into something cold and resolute. "You can't be serious about this, Rey? I know we discussed this path, but to truly embrace the darkness..." His voice trailed away. If Rey was right about receiving Kylo Ren's abilities, then this could be a disastrous turn for the entire galaxy. If Rey ordered these executions and then strangled the life out of Alena Calligan, it would send her down a path that she couldn't come back from. "I will do anything to protect my children. It's as simple as that. I'm all they have. They are all I have," the Empress said, firmly. She walked out of the meadow, leaving her Force Ghost father standing there. She didn't feel much better, however the conversation had convinced her of what she needed to do next. Kylo Ren stood with his eyes shut tightly and his hands behind his back. The blizzard on Hoth was dying down and the Resistance would need to abandon the base soon. Behind him there was a crowd of Resistance fighters watching him with great interest. The Knight should have been feared and perhaps in handcuffs, but he had done something to ease their worries. It wasn't a mind trick, General Leia thought, circling the gawking crowd. She couldn't explain it, but her son had used the Force to calm their fears; to get them to instantly trust the man before them. At least for the time being, it didn't matter that Ben Solo was also Kylo Ren. The General didn't want to press her luck much longer, in case it wore off. "Alright, back to work," she shouted and clapped her hands. As she did this, Finn shook his head and snapped out of his own blissful fog. "Let's get these ships ready to roll out," Finn chimed in, blinking rapidly. Kylo Ren didn't react to the people behind him. He blocked everything else out, concentrating on stretching across the galaxy with the Force. "Rey, can you feel me?" he whispered across the Force. The Bond they shared was gone and he feared it may never return. "Rey, search with your feelings. You must sense that a powerful Force signature has returned. Look to the stars and feel my warmth," Kylo said, projecting himself farther. The General gently reached up for her son's shoulder. She hadn't touched him in so long and was hesitant to do so now. Kylo opened his eyes, feeling a small hand on his shoulder. He turned slowly, standing face-to-face with his mother. "I can't do this right now," he said in a hushed voice. Leia tilted her head, with wet eyes, "You can't do what right now?" "The difficult conversation that I know we need to have. It's important, but not as important as finding Rey." The General wasn't sure how to respond to that. Her lips creased as she tried to read her son's guarded expression. "We have to get to Rey; something has gone terribly wrong," Kylo said, avoiding his mother's gaze and watching the scurrying crew behind her. Leia reached up and rested her hand on the side of his face. She brushed her thumb over his scar. "Did this hurt?" she asked quietly. Kylo wrapped his hand around hers and held it there. "It doesn't hurt anymore, that's what really matters. General, I have to get Rey back. She's all I have, even if I don't deserve her," Kylo said. "She's all I have," he repeated. "You have me too," Leia replied, coaxing a smile from him. The General's sleeves were rolled up and Kylo Ren could see the scar that he burned into her forearm. Leia caught his saddened eyes, as it became clear that he noticed it. "M..Mom," he said, weakly. Leia pushed a long strand of hair out of his face and behind his ear. There was plenty Kylo wanted to apologize for, but he lost his voice. "We'll sort it out later, Ben. We need to leave this frozen tundra and seek the safety of open space." She turned them both to face the dying blizzard just outside the bunker. "We can figure out where she has gone once we rendezvous with the remaining fleet." The Imperial Shuttle landed on the Super Star Destroyer. Empress Rey walked down the ramp of her shuttle before it finished lowering. She moved as quickly as her legs would take her. On either side were stormtroopers, lined up for inspection. It had been two months of this constant ceremony and Rey was sickened by the attention. She loathed wearing the expensive gowns and receiving royal treatment every time she boarded a ship or walked down a ramp. The Jedi knew she would never get used to it. It was practically a nightmare, being surrounded by scores of people that weren't her family. There were so many stormtroopers — First Order and Imperial alike — that she swore she saw them at night when she closed her eyes. Seeing Kylo Ren earlier in the day hadn't help her much, neither had speaking with her father in that peaceful meadow. This was her home , she gulped, having a bad taste in her mouth at the thought of it. Home . Never had she felt more alone. The Jedi Knight walked the length of the Destroyer, getting well out in front of Commander Kody and the Royal Guards. She caught sight of BB-Zero, who beeped excitedly to see her. Rey suppressed a smile, but she was happy to see the spunky droid. Another friendly face, General Phasma, saluted her at the end of the procession. The taller woman quickly fell into long strides to keep up with Rey's shorter, quicker ones. "Welcome back, Empress Rey. As you've requested, I've seen to it that your BB unit prototypes are aboard every ship in the fleet." The Empress had requested that an identical copy of BB-Zero be placed on every Star Destroyer in the Empire. She was rather impressed that Phasma had completed the task so quickly. Rey gave a little smile and nodded appreciatively. "Thank you. It's always good to have a dependable droid on every ship," she said as BB-Zero fell into place behind her. "How was Hoth?" Phasma asked cryptically. In the past two months, the only time the General had seen Rey happy was when she had heard from a spy that Kylo Ren was awake. The General worried for her Empress, especially given the challenges facing the young woman. Rey knew Phasma was sniffing for clues about Kylo Ren. She cleared her throat and said, "He's not going to be joining us." "Empress…" Phasma replied, her voice trailing off. Rey shifted her gaze to Phasma. "This ship isn't you. Not to suggest anything about your aptitudes, but clearly, Kylo Ren salvaged this impressive relic so that you would be more open to joining him." Without asking me what I wanted. Rey thought. Rey and Phasma stopped walking right in front of a long observation window into outer space. The Empress loved the views from here; it was probably her favorite part of the ship. The view today was particularly breathtaking. Imperial One was orbiting a binary system, which silhouetted a brilliant debris field of planets just beginning to form. "It's not the worst thing in the Galaxy... having a fiancé that wants to give you the stars," Phasma continued, blushing a bit as the words escaped her lips. Once again, she found herself longing for the chrome armor and helmet. "To an extent maybe," Rey said, faltering a little. Her hand drifted over her stomach. "But consider the cost. Is the Empire really doing the right thing for the Galaxy? I sense a great deal of fear, building throughout the star systems of the Republic," she said, feeling eyes on them both. Rey didn't need to look past Phasma to know that Commander Kody was watching them closely. She hoped he didn't hear too much of the conversation. "I don't want to hear any more about it," Rey said loudly, intentionally sounding authoritative. Commander Kody had a habit of popping up whenever Rey and Phasma had a moment alone together. His attitude toward the General was frosty at best. It was something that bothered Rey, since Phasma was becoming the closest thing she had to a friend. Kody stepped forward and cleared his throat, making his presence known. "If there is nothing else, Empress? I'd like to return to the Finalizer and bring you General Nujaris's head on a platter," Kody said. He twisted his mask a bit in order to eye Phasma as he spoke. Rey shouldn't have been surprised that Kody would bring this up right now, especially in front of General Phasma. It was clear that Kody blamed Phasma for allowing Nujaris to slip away the first time. The Empress wasn't entirely sure how to feel about it. If Nujaris was helping the Resistance, she couldn't be seen to show the man any leniency. "Very well." Rey replied, scowling a bit. She considered dealing with Kody's less than subservient nature right then and there; the Empress paused, thinking of Phasma, and held off. The General had been good to her and would appear weak and vulnerable if Rey stepped in. Still, she could just Force Choke the life from Kody. Make an example out of him , she thought. Rey snapped out of it however, realizing that it was Kylo Ren talking. Her heart skipped a little, feeling his power coursing in her veins. The Jedi couldn't deny it anymore. Kylo Ren would always be a part of her, even without the Bond. Kody waited for a moment, looking as though he had something else to add. In fact, he had news of Alena Calligan's capture. It still wasn't the right moment, so he merely saluted and exited. Both women waited for the Commander to get out of earshot. "The Finalizer is your ship, General. But you may remain here, with me if you wish. I'm sure there is a spare room somewhere." Rey smirked. "That's very thoughtful. It's just my... my lover, Hux," Phasma said, staring down at her boots. "Things have been tough with all these extra hours I've put in. I'm not sure he would do well with a move, at this juncture." Rey gave Phasma a sympathetic smile. "I suppose it's difficult to have a relationship under the constant threat of war. I do thank you for your time, as does my daughter." The Empress felt better, having someone on board that she could trust aside from BB-Zero. Maybe once her baby came to full term Rey could figure out a better arrangement for them all. Right now she needed to be patient and act the part of an Empress. The General nodded, returning Rey's good natured smile. "Ah, well. The offer stands," Rey said sweetly, turning to enter her quarters. Phasma cleared her throat, suddenly remembering one last thing. "I've completed my other task, Empress. I've found twenty potential sparring partners for you. They've been trained in riot baton, fencing or bojutsu. They will provide a much needed distraction." Rey turned back and flashed Phasma a wicked grin. "Make sure they are armed. As soon as I check on my little angel I will enjoy meeting these warriors. Maker knows, I have some issues to work out." With that, the doors to the Imperial Chambers closed and Phasma left for the training barracks. Aboard the Humanitarian Star , Kylo Ren stood in front of the dwindling group of Resistance strategists. The Knight saw up close the devastation he had left on their forces. Truthfully, the Resistance didn't pose much of a threat to the Empire. That was the intent, of course, but now his best laid plans were coming back to bite him in the ass. The Knight listened to the reports coming from the General's senior staff. He didn't mean to be disrespectful, but his thoughts kept drifting to Rey. He could feel her Force signature, but he wasn't sure that she could feel his. It was incredibly frustrating and it was all he could do to keep from storming off and doing something reckless. Despite his considerable power, Kylo Ren knew that he would need a strategy to rescue Rey. He also knew that she wouldn't leave her position unless the Empire had been effectively toppled. The task itself was daunting. The Knight finally realized that everyone was waiting for him to speak and so he snapped his attention to the present. "From what you've told me, the First Order has five remaining Star Destroyers. The Imperial Fleet has thirteen retrofitted Destroyers. Those thirteen are entirely operated by clones," Kylo said, glowering as he spoke and looking more intimidating than he meant to. "How did the Clone Army get access to such an arsenal?" one of Leia's commanders chimed in. General Organa rubbed her forehead, as if fighting a migraine. Kylo swallowed hard. This was something he had exploited from his childhood, knowing these ships sat in the outer reaches. They should have been junked for parts after his father hunted them down. But Han and Leia weren't communicating properly in those days. When Kylo Ren saved the Kaminoan race and relocated them, he instructed the creation of a new Clone Army. He supplied the cloners with the salvaged ships that were confiscated from the Remnants of the Empire. Leia's oversight and Kylo's impulsive nature was returning to haunt them both. General Organa and Kylo Ren exchanged apprehensive looks. "It doesn't matter," Leia said, stopping her son from speaking. The truth was that it couldn't be helped right now. What happened was in the past. The General stopped Kylo from explaining further because she wanted to protect her son. He understood what she was doing, even if the others didn't. Kylo started to pace around the holograms, taking in the data that they provided. "Are there any other questions?" he asked, feeling awkward about opening up the floor to people who were once his sworn enemies. Kylo could endure the uncomfortable feeling that swelled in the pit of his stomach. He could endure anything, for Rey. Finn looked around at the rest of the Commanders, wondering if anyone else was getting a strange vibe from the raven haired Knight. There was no way, just no way that Kylo Ren fell into a coma and came out the other side as Ben Solo, he thought. Kylo Ren must have bewitched everyone back on Hoth. Finn felt like he was in a fog that was beginning to clear. He wondered if this was some sort of Jedi spell that had finally wore off. He recalled Rey's account of her escape on Starkiller Base. Did Kylo Ren do something similar to the entire Resistance? The thought was chilling. How could the Resistance be looking to this monster for answers? Finn wanted to pull his hair out. "Which ship will Rey be on?" asked Admiral Choi. "Good news, bad news," Kylo said, using the Force to levitate a piece of fruit that was on the table in front of him. He bit into it and swallowed, barely tasting it. "She's on the salvaged Super Star Destroyer, Imperial One ." "Oh, Kriff," Leia blurted out, seeing the large ship appear in holographic form above her. The General knew they didn't have the fleet to go toe-to-toe with a Destroyer of this magnitude. "So, yeah, I guess the Rebellion could have dismantled these ships a little better," Kylo said, avoiding his mother's gaze. It was a bit of an oddly placed joke, that only he was smirking at. "Don't start, Ben," Leia scolded. Her lips pursed and eyes burned into her son's. It was a big adjustment for her, having him back. There was plenty she wanted to say — and would say — but not until her pregnant, soon to be daughter-in-law, was back home. Well, at least the General isn't completely fooled, Finn realized, watching the awkward exchange. "Anyway, Imperial One will always be in the center of a tight defensive formation. The Falcon's computer is precise enough to jump right into the middle," Kylo said, looking in Finn and Chewie's direction. He doubted the other ships in the fleet could manage the maneuver. Maybe the X-Wings, but their best pilot was sidelined. "The last time we boarded a Destroyer, we had that handy attachment," Poe said, leaning on his crutches. "Maybe it's time to get it back into place." "The docking port," Finn said, leaning against a bulkhead in the command room. He liked the sound of that and left his perch. Chewie roared in agreement. Kylo Ren arched his eyebrow, suddenly realizing that's how the Resistance made their way on board to rescue Rey the last time. "I see," Kylo said, sounding a little bitter. "That was clever indeed. And it's a good idea, for starters. As long as Imperial One's shields are down, we should be able to pull off a similar extraction mission." "Hang on," Finn said, sounding annoyed. "What do you mean, we?" he asked. He couldn't believe that Kylo Ren expected to come along on her rescue mission. Poe gave his friend a squeeze on his forearm. "What did you mean about the shields, Ben?" Kylo glared at Finn and Poe. He hated the sound of his real name and preferred that only Rey or the General called him that. The Sith Master would let it slide, for now. " Imperial One's shields are much more powerful than a normal Star Destroyer's. My lightsaber won't cut through those shields, if they are activated." Chewie roared, letting everyone know that he was on board with this plan, even though there wasn't much of a plan right now. "I can give it a shot," Poe said, unsure if his body would allow him to complete the task of welding the docking port. He had had a near-fatal landing on Dantooine and it had kept him out of the fight. The Black Leader wanted to fight and was itching for ways to help. "That won't be necessary. I will handle it," Kylo said with a curt nod, turning to leave the briefing. He left the command room before anyone could ask him another question. The crowd filtered out too, getting back to their responsibilities. Finn turned to look at the General. "We can't trust him." "Oh, I'm well aware of that, Finn. However, we are desperate. The Resistance has all but lost the war. We are vastly outnumbered and Luke can't save us this time, even if he returned," Leia replied, watching Kylo quietly speak with a couple of engineers. They directed him to the Falcon's docking attachment. He looked awkward and almost shy, like he was struggling to get through the conversation. "We're scattered and unable to continue the fight without him. Systems continue to align with the Empire. There is plenty of fear to go around, even if shots aren't being fired." Leia continued. "I hate to say it, but we could use a Force user with the ability to destroy , right about now. The Galaxy needs Ben Solo to return." "But that could be Rey's doing, right? Maybe she is looking out for us; like her warning to avoid former Rebellion bases," Poe said, optimistically. "Maybe having Ben on our side again is exactly what we need. You all saw and felt that, back on Hoth." "That's what I'm afraid of. What power did he use on us, anyway? I feel like he spiked the water and got everyone to magically accept him," Finn said, wide eyed. Even he had fallen for whatever Force ability Kylo Ren had showcased on Hoth. For Finn, the peaceful fog had completely dissipated. He was thankful that the General hadn't been completely swept up by it all. He couldn't say the same for the rest of the crew. Pamich Nerro cleared her throat and handed Leia a holo tablet. "I can't explain it either," Pamich confessed, overhearing the conversation. "I know what Kylo Ren stole from me. But I feel... at peace. I know I should hate him…" she said, her voice trailing off as she glanced in his direction. The dark Knight knelt by the docking attachment. "I don't believe this! You can't possibly forgive him," Finn replied. "No...Listen," Pamich said, clutching Finn's forearm with both hands. "I think for the first time in my life, I felt the Force. Not in a controlling or threatening way. I mean to really feel it, the way that I imagine Jedi do. I think he showed it to us all, just enough to make us believe." "Believe in what?" Finn asked. "The Light inside him," Pamich replied, gently letting go of Finn's hands. "I wish I could explain it better. I have no words for what I saw in that perfect moment. I know, I just know that my Kal is fine. He's on the other side of the Force and he's at peace." Finn turned away to glare at Kylo Ren, keeping his mouth shut. If this was what Pamich needed to believe, then so be it. The poor woman had been through enough. He wondered if the other Resistance fighters felt the same way. Did they all have some sort of unique, transcendent experience? Could a monster like Kylo Ren really transform into something else? Finn wondered. What if he was simply using the Resistance to retrieve Rey? The notion was chilling. Thank the Maker, Rey thought, entering her quarters alone. The large room was too much. There were corners of it that she hadn't even set foot in yet. It was all so foreign to her. Just like the clothes. After spending so long, alone on Jakku, she found herself on an island in this room. Alone again... when Kylo swore that she never would be. She missed her friends. She missed the Resistance. Seeing Leia and the others briefly hadn't helped. Rey got out of her dress, leaving it neatly on the bed. She knew a droid would appear the moment she left the room to take the dress. The Empress got into her black vest, arm guards and some extra comfy maternity capris. It was a slight departure from what she preferred, but the clothes fit well. The ensemble allowed her freedom to move during training, and hugged her expanding belly without being too uncomfortable. And of course, they were gorgeous. Despite being mostly black, they had faint embroidered filigree details and in the right light, the designs had a sheen to them. Rey couldn't help but admire how she looked. If she could walk away from the Empire right now, she'd probably do it in this outfit. The Empress gave herself the once over in the mirror. She looked at her belly, feeling a tingle down her spine. Kriff, Ben, she thought. He was awake and she finally been able to see him. Ben's screams stayed with her, echoing as she ran her fingers over her vest. The Bond was gone. Force knows she missed the connection. Rey wanted to be in his arms, holding him closely against her body. It didn't matter that he had lost his abilities. It didn't matter to her that the Bond was gone. Now that she was back in her room, she realized just how empty she really felt. She thought of her daughter, developing in the next room. The Jedi Knight tried to force herself to smile, recalling her father's advice. It was important for both babies that she do so, even if one of them was being engineered and wasn't physically growing inside her. She loved that little girl from the moment she first laid eyes on her. The emotional and mental Bond was in place, Rey was sure of it. How could he do this? How could he keep something so special and beautiful from her? She wanted to strangle Kylo Ren, but he'd been in a coma. And in the few moments she'd had to meet with him, Rey couldn't bring herself to do it. She'd remained calm and level-headed, for her children's sake. And it was tough to see him there, so weak and broken. Rey entered the nursery, which was built into the next room. She would have ordered that everything be constructed right in her quarters, but that would mean having to deal with non-stop medical staffers, at all hours of the day. Rey's group of obstetricians made a point to remind the Empress that she needed to rest. Rey wasn't used to staying off her feet, however. She detested the idea of rest. Until she came aboard Imperial One , she had never heard the term obstetrician. The nursery had doctors, nurses and Phasma's private guards buzzing around, as usual. It looked more like a med bay than anything else. Rey was grateful for their expertise, even if she didn't always outwardly show it. In truth, she'd rather be back with the Resistance, learning what she could from Leia. When the Empress arrived, all work stopped and the room emptied. Rey preferred her privacy so she could spend time with her incubating daughter. She stood right next to the glass cylinder, watching the tiny child move a little and respond to her presence. Rey spent every spare moment she could claim, standing in this spot. Sometimes she would look at her daughter for so long that she would fall asleep on her feet. After the first night, a reclining chair was added next to the baby. Rey suspected this was Phasma's doing and was grateful. Rey placed her hand on the glass, feeling her daughter's Force signature. She would be powerful, that much Rey knew. It made her less scared, knowing that the child would one day wield a lightsaber. "I saw your daddy today," she said, smiling sadly. "He has a lot of explaining to do," Rey cooed. Her hand rested on the small bump, feeling her son starting to move at the mention of Kylo Ren. "I think your brother is trying to catch up to you." Her son , she thought, smiling inwardly. When Rey found out she was pregnant, she was terrified. Perhaps she still was, deep down. She was too young to be a mother, but the Force was compensating in a way that she couldn't fathom. It guided her now through the most confusing time in her life. The Empress smiled, recalling the moment she first discovered that there would be a second baby. A week after the Empress arrived on Imperial One , she was greeted by the Kaminoans. Rey had never seen an alien race quite like this one, so she tried to keep her eyes from popping out of their sockets. The reason for their arrival was much more shocking. Rey nearly fainted when they had presented her with a baby — her daughter — whose genetics were shared with Kylo Ren. It was astonishing and she spent two full days watching the innocent baby. She never left the child's side in those first 48 hours, eventually passing out after Phasma came to relieve her. A baby that had been created by the Kaminoans to serve a purpose. Another heir to the throne; a pawn. Just like Rey was and her mother before her. The thought made the Empress boil over with anger. Even now, she shook a little at the thought. She'd work out those frustrations soon enough; now wasn't the time. Rey forced herself to smile, observing her tiny daughter. She wouldn't let anything happen to either children. The Empress may have been born a captive — before Ben had found her — but she was incredibly powerful now. Her life as a scavenger made her tough and resilient. Her Bond with Kylo Ren had opened her world to the Force. She would unleash what she knew, without discrimination. She'd steamroll over anyone who appeared to be a threat. The thought of someone using her children left a bitter taste in her mouth. She found herself wanting to curse the name 'Kylo Ren.' Rey reluctantly removed her palm from the incubation glass. "I won't be long," she whispered, taking one last look. "Momma's gonna work out some issues." Everything she should have said to Ben Solo was starting to pick at her now. She was angry, bitter and overly emotional. Rey needed to sweat a little and take it out on the sparring partners that Phasma had picked out for her. With any luck, they would be some sort of match for her. "You have something you want to say to me?" Kylo said, inspecting his welding job. He kept his back to Finn. Finn was watching him for the past two hours, in between occasionally telling people to get back to work. Most of the Resistance kept swinging by to check out Ben Solo, as if he was some sort of starred attraction or celebrity. The crew was still captivated by whatever enchantment Kylo had used. It didn't sit well with Finn. They shouldn't have a fascination with Kylo Ren. They should hate and fear him. "Ever since Rey left, the Resistance has been broken. No one is talking about it directly because we've lost so much. But she gave us hope in a way that you could never understand," Finn said, watching the dark Knight crouch. "Yeah, I can," Kylo said, giving a sharp tug on the docking hatch. It held firmly; so he tried another tug, using the Force. It would hold against the pressures and harshness of space. Poe came swinging up on his crutches, having a feeling that this conversation might get ugly. "You don't get to nap for two months and suddenly return as Ben Solo. It's not that easy to walk away from the Dark Side," Finn said. Kylo Ren stood and got right in his face, "And you would know about the Dark Side?" "I'm not afraid of you," Finn snapped, clenching his jaw. "Then you're a moron," Kylo replied, dismissively. Finn wanted to punch his face in response, but Poe grabbed his wrist, as if anticipating the impulse. Finn narrowed his eyes and said, "You don't get to put on those clothes and pretend to be one of the good guys again." Kylo was in rolled up long sleeves. He had a vest on and dark pants. He looked like Han Solo, and it was infuriating. By now, a lot of people were watching the conversation out of the corner of their eyes. Leia watched too, from a higher vantage point. She took off her spectacles and frowned at the boys below "I'm not having this conversation right now," Kylo said, cleaning his blackened fingers. Finn opened his mouth, but the Force user interrupted. "I get it, I do. I killed Han Solo and many of your friends and family. I don't deserve to wear these clothes and I don't deserve to be with Rey," Kylo snapped. "You're right on all accounts. But here we are. I've struggled with the call to the Light my entire life. I have one chance to do the right thing and end the Empire before it picks up any more momentum." Finn tensed up, shooting Poe a quick glance. "The bottom line is this: Rey will choose for herself. I figured that out a little too late and I don't deserve her," the raven haired man said, quieter this time. "I am her Knight. I'm whatever Rey needs me to be. For a long time, I thought that meant being something else. I see an opening for the Resistance to get their Jedi back." Kylo Ren said, looking at the crowd around him. "I see... Rey," Kylo said, breathlessly. He dropped the hydrospanner on the deck and took a few steps backward. His brow furrowed and his gaze drifted far off in the distance as images of Rey grew clearer in front of him. "Rey," he whispered across the Force, hoping that she could see him or at least feel him too. She looked radiant, moving effortlessly to block an incoming riot baton. His love was training. She was so quick and graceful when she needed to be. Rey inspected the sparring partners that Phasma had lined up. She walked past them slowly, reading their thoughts. Most of them did not wish to harm their Empress. They also didn't want to harm a pregnant woman. It would be a tough lesson for them to learn, she thought. Rey wouldn't go easy on any of them. She expected them to do the same and they were already instructed by Phasma to do so. "Who are you?" Rey asked, stopping at the girl on the very end. She had smokey black eyes and short red hair. Her face was a little scuffed up, as if she had been in a fight recently. "Limar," She replied, keeping her eyes pointed forward. This was the only girl in the bunch and she was Force sensitive. Rey doubted if the teenager even knew. "How old are you, Limar?" she asked. "Sixteen." The answer took Rey off guard, though she hid it well. "Well, Limar, I expect you to show me no mercy in the sparring circles. Is that clear?" the Empress asked. Rey needed to be sure that everyone understood the conditions of their training. "Yes, Empress," she replied, almost sweetly. "Alright," Rey said, stepping into the center of the circle. "The same goes for all of you." The sparring partners all turned to look at their Empress. They watched in awe as two lightsabers — one black and one white — floated from her belt. The hilts found her hands, roaring to life. One saber bathed Rey in red while her other side was bathed in blue. "Show me what you can do," Rey commanded. In front of her, Z6 riot batons roared to life. For a moment, no one dared approach the Jedi Knight. It was Limar, who stepped forward to face her Empress. "We need to leave now," Kylo said, running his fingers through his hair. He looked over the gear to make sure everything was there. "Ben, slow down and talk to us," Leia said, reaching for her son. He moved too quickly and avoided her embrace. They were under the Falcon, with Chewie, Finn and Poe close by. "Rey's given us a window. I can't explain it but her entire fleet is leaving Imperial One ," Ben replied, shutting his eyes. "She has them all out completing some trivial task." "You've had a vision of this? Let me verify this intelligence," Leia said, turning to call Admiral Choi. Kylo Ren didn't wait, grabbing a supply crate in each arm and moving up the ramp to the Falcon. Chewie looked at Finn and Poe and did the same thing. Poe put his arm around Finn. "He's been right about everything so far," Poe conceded. "There has to be more to it," Finn said, keeping his voice lowered. "There is," Ben replied, getting the last case of gear. "I saw a vision of Rey executing a traitor, personally," he said, disappearing into the Falcon. Finn glanced at his best friend before chasing after the dark Knight. Kylo was already in the cockpit, checking pre-flight procedures. He was rusty, but the controls were quickly coming back to him. "You saw her executing who?" Finn said, sliding to a stop. He banged his elbow on one of the console panels, accidentally. Finn winced in pain, but Kylo didn't acknowledge him. "A clone named Alena," Kylo replied, keeping his focus on the Falcon's controls. "It's not too late. So far, nothing has happened that cannot be undone." "Shit," Finn said, resting both hands on top of his head. "No. Rey wouldn't take a life like that." "She would, to protect her children. Her family. She's surrounded by the enemy and doing something like this would cement her role as Empress. We can't allow this to happen. If Rey orders the execution of hundreds of prisoners and then turns around and beheads Alena, then she will be lost to us forever." "Wait, how can you be so sure that Rey will go along with it?" Finn asked, completely glossing over the part concerning the prisoners. Kylo Ren was simply moving too fast for him to process it all. "It's the best way to assert herself as Empress. It would give her official power to do whatever she wanted, including dissolving the Imperial fleet." Finn looked behind him, hearing Poe struggling to catch up. "I don't see that as being a bad thing," Finn said, regrettably. "We will lose Rey to the Dark Side if she removes Alena's head. Trust me on this." "Trust you?" Finn wanted to scratch his eyes out. "So, you're telling me that Rey has a test she has to pass — to fully become the Empress?" Ben sighed. "I was worried that Snoke might get a hold of my Forces and execute me. Years ago, I made sure the clones were bred with certain ideals ingrained into their genetics. So they would follow her faithfully, protecting her without question. Mind you, this was when I believed Rey would die if I wasn't powerful enough." Finn looked like he was going to be sick. "From the sounds of it, she's done everything right so far. But there is this last thing. It wasn't supposed to be a big deal. I didn't change the condition...because Snoke was gone. I was going to be by her side when she took the throne. I...could have acted on her behalf, as her husband. It wouldn't have been an issue, back then." "Husband?" Finn asked, in horror. Poe finally poked his head in, making a funny face. Kylo grinned at him, but it quickly faded. "Well, she left her lightsaber behind." His inflection changed. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?" Finn asked. Kylo exhaled but didn't answer him. "What's up — What did I miss?" Poe asked, in a disarming way. "Ah, crap," Finn said, putting his arm around his best friend. Rey seethed, standing over the tangled mess of sparring partners that she had deposited over the padded mats. It was all a blur, the ass-kicking flurry she'd unleashed. After tossing Limar to the side, the Empress waved forward the rest of the group. A squad of five young men, clearly from the same ship, rushed her next. They looked fierce and ready, but Rey could tell they were holding back. In a flash, they were all on the ground, reeling from Rey's speed. She thought of Kylo Ren in that moment, wondering if he had taken it easy on her all the times they fought. She knew in one instance, he had. It made her upset and she attacked the rest of the men. The Empress was relentless, just as she promised. One by one, bodies fell to the mats and went still. "What did I tell you all?" the Empress gritted out, her face red and chest heaving. Her training partners were too soft. They paid dearly for it. Many were lucky to escape with only bruises. "You've defied the explicit commands of your Empress!" she said, feeling her forehead burning up. It was Kylo Ren talking again, but this time Rey indulged the feeling. She did so absentmindedly and the sensation made her feel like he was close by again. One sparring partner was struggling to get to her feet, determined to keep fighting. "Stay down, Limar," Rey said, killing her lightsabers. The Empress wondered why she bothered with either blade and clipped them back on her belt. "I can't... Empress," she said, stubbornly. The teenager had heart and a lot of character, but Rey narrowed her gaze. That attitude, she thought. It reminded her of a young Ben Solo; how he was at the academy. How he didn't listen to Luke and was always a stubborn rule breaker. That gangling teenager was her entire world and he had left her to join the Knights of Ren. Rey held out a hand, using the Force to pull the teenager into her grasp. Limar let out a stifled cry ,as the Empress held her by the shirt collar and vest. "Why do this? Why make me into this twisted version of the woman you love?" Rey asked, falling into a deep daze and clearly focusing on the source of her anguish. She didn't see Limar's scared face in that moment. She saw the frightened look of Kylo Ren. "Empress!?" the young woman struggled. Her heart raced and the teenager feared for her life. "I never asked for any of it — and you've asked for so much. I'm tired of you deciding for me," Rey said, becoming more unhinged with each passing second. "What is it you want? Tell me!" Rey yelled. The room spun around her and her knees felt wobbly. "Train me," Limar squealed, falling to the ground. Rey felt faint, taking a few steps backward. Darkness crept in the corners of her eyes, as the powerful Force user fought to stay standing. Limar sprang to her feet, catching her pregnant Empress. She yelled for the guards, screaming at the top of her lungs for their help. The royal guards came barging in and surrounded the pair. Rey traced Limar's jaw in confusion, "You wish to be trained in the Force?" She asked, sounding very confused, before closing her sparkling eyes. Kylo closed his dark eyes. The inside of the Falcon was filled with too many people, but that wasn't the problem. He could endure being surrounded by loud and obnoxious Resistance members. He felt a tremor in the Force and concentrated on it. It was the faint light of Rey's Force signature and something was wrong. Kylo wished more than ever that the Bond had been reinstated. If he could just talk to Rey and warn her. This was beyond frustrating. "We can't just rush off now. Not until you have the appropriate backup," Leia said, keeping her arms crossed. Finn interrupted, "I don't like this any more than you do. But if Kylo...if Ben is right, we have to do this right now. We'll lose Rey to the Dark Side forever if we don't." It surprised the General to hear Finn taking her son's side on things. "We can't send one ship with a handful of X-Wings," Leia said. "The last rescue attempt worked because we had an adequate distraction." General Organa considered the uphill battle they faced. The Resistance fleet was scattered across the Galaxy. It was safer to do this; to hide. But it made taking advantage of a sudden opening a virtual impossibility. There weren't enough ships to take on Imperial One, something which made Leia sick to her core. A lot of lives were lost in the battle of Dantooine, as Kylo Ren didn't call off the attack in time. Kylo's face continued to strain, searching the Force. He found Rey but something was wrong and he couldn't be sure what that was. He believed that Rey fell ill and immediately began to panic. "Something is wrong with Rey. She's not acting like herself," Kylo said, opening his eyes. Everyone fell quiet, looking away from him and at the ground. The prospect of boarding the abandoned Destroyer seemed like an unrealistic goal. Imperial One would have her shields up. Poe and Kylo Ren exchanged glances, realizing that they needed a different way in. "We can lure out all the TIEs on board that ship and have the Falcon jump in for a direct landing," Poe suggested with a chuckle. He was merely kidding at first, before his eyes went round. Finn and Kylo both looked at him. All three men exchanged glances, as if stumbling on the same incredible idea all at once. "A hyperspace jump through their shields and right into the flight deck," Finn said with a huge grin. "That's...impossible," Leia said, frowning. "No, it isn't." Finn beamed, recalling that Han Solo exited his freighter in a similar fashion. It allowed them to escape the death squads and the dangerous rathtars. "It's plausible. It will catch them off guard," Kylo said, having made his mind up. The boys got excited and started congratulating themselves a little too early for Leia's tastes. She whistled loudly, stopping the commotion. "As happy as this makes me, that my boys are all playing together nicely, I think you are overlooking a big detail," Leia said, before pausing to make sure that everyone was listening. "You'll still be facing an entire ship of stormtroopers with only a Wookiee, former stormtrooper and one Jedi. That's an entire army against three warriors and a pilot with a broken leg," Leia said, burying her forehead in her hands. "Sorry, Poe," she added. "Not just one Jedi," Ben said, turning to look at his Mother. All eyes fell on him and his lips curled into a smile. "There is another." Notes: A/N: I have to talk about this amazing wonderful Beta I have, Perry_Downing. Her writing is incredible, please check it out on AO3. She's been with me from the very beginning. She left me comments and inspired me during a time when I swear, four people were reading my stories. It made me wonder if this journey was worth telling but I figured, if one person likes it than I shall march on. I struggled so much with this ending and Perry straightened me out and got me in the right direction. That's why it's taken so long, I think it went through three drafts. But Perry saved my ass and we will have an amazing finale. Okay, one more chapter to go. I've been thinking about do the Epilogue as a separate piece and showing things from one year later? Let me know what you think. Find me on tumblr iancantbesaved