She felt a cool breeze blow through the night and settle upon her. A shiver went up her spine, this place gave her the creeps. When she learned that her parents were going to take her away from her home and friends she was extremely distressed, but by now after hours of crying and saying goodbye to her two best friends in the whole world she stood in front of an old Victorian style house. Pulling herself together she takes the first step to her new life in this eerie unfamiliar place. He watched with a smirk as she came up to the front door of his old house. She was absolutely gorgeous. Her soft but striking features possessed a type of innocence that he so desired. No, he would not corrupt this girl. But he would make her his. She felt someone staring at her. Looking up and seeing nothing she brushed it off as just her imagination. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey felt the sweat falling down her back and forming a damp pool on the back of her tanktop. She had just finished unpacking most of the items in her bedroom when she heard her mother call for her from downstairs. “Rey, why don’t you come down and meet the neighbors?” Usually, she would try to look a bit more presentable when meeting new people, but she figured it wouldn’t really matter if she was just meeting the new neighbors. She wiped the sweat off of her palm onto her old sweatpants and jogged downstairs. “Hello, it’s ni-” she tried to fumble out a greeting when the air left her throat. The man that stood in front of her was absolutely striking. His long, dark black hair curled in right above his shoulders. His stature was tall and his nose was big but it didn’t affect his appearance at all. Even though he wasn’t conventionally attractive she couldn't help but feel that he was beautiful. He shot her a crooked smirk and she couldn’t help but think that he was even more attractive when he smiled. “Rey, this is Leia and her son Kylo. The live right next door to us. Isn’t that wonderful?” her mother said with a bright smile on her face. She honestly tried to smile back but she felt like it was more of a wobbly line on her face. “Welcome to the neighborhood Rey.” Rey tried to keep her heart in control as she heard Kylo speak for the first time. Her mother and Leia soon fell into an easy conversation over the pros and cons of having a flower garden and soon enough she was alone with Kylo. She could feel him staring at her yet she was too shy to look up and meet his gaze. “Looks like we're alone, huh.” Kylo spoke. Rey finally gathered the courage to look at him again and was struck by the darkness of his eyes. They enamoured her, glimmering so innocently like the night sky but still had a different type of appeal as well. A more somber one. “Yeah, I guess we are.” Rey finally responded after what felt like an eternity of silence. “ So what do you want to do?” she questioned. “Well beautiful, why don’t you show me to your room.” he replied. She felt a blush grow on her cheeks. The only boys that she had ever had in her room were Poe and Finn and they were more like brothers to her. Plus the fact that they were already in a devoted relationship with each other made sure that she never really felt an attraction to either of them. She gave a small nod of confirmation as she led him up to her room. ………………………………………………………………………………………………………...................................................................................................................................................... He felt a wicked grin spread across his face. The fact that she was already captivated by him was going to make this whole process a lot easier on him. And her for that matter. Watching with delight, her small frame led him up her creaky wooden staircase to her quaint bedroom. Kylo wonders then, does she know how often he will come her after this? She was his the minute that she walked through the door and will continue to be his until the end of time. Notes: Thanks for reading! Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) As she opened the door to her room she couldn’t help but feel a wave of nervousness wash over her. Even though she felt attracted to him there was something about him that was a little … off. She shoved that thought aside as they both stepped into her newly unpacked room. The mess of trinkets and knick knacks that were spread about the room brought a rise of crimson to her cheeks. The sudden wish that she would have cleaned up better invades her thoughts. He must have noticed how awkward she was acting, considering it was so obvious, but still chose to ignore it. Quickly, he looked around before settling himself comfortably on her small bed. He soon gestures for her to sit next to him. She stumbles over and clumsily plops herself on the opposite side of the bed. “Why so far away, love?” He pulls her up against his chest. Close. So close that she can feel each and every breath that enters and exits his lungs. She’s never really felt comfortable with strangers but this Kylo particularly set her off. Inexplicably though, she wasn’t able to pull herself away from his cold, yet comforting embrace. Slowly, as if in a trance, she melts into him. There’s something about his presence that relaxes her. She couldn’t help but frown at that last thought, almost like it was a mistake to feel that way. The feelings flowing through her was a mix of contentment simultaneously. ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………. She closed her eyes against his chest and he wondered how she could trust herself to him that easily. Someone like her should constantly be keeping her guard up around him, not fall soundly asleep to the rhythm of his beating heart. Softly, he placed a gently, air-light kiss on the top of her head before he began to tenderly run his fingers through her angelic hair. Oh he would be gentle with her. Keep her purity in tact. After all, she was like a shining beam of light glowing through in his dark world. Notes: I'm so happy people are actually reading this! I really appreciate everyone. Especially those of you leaving comments and kudos. I'm going to try and update daily. Tell me what you think. Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She was walking through the woods as pale beams of moonlight hit the exposed skin on her shoulders and legs. The cool autumn air should have left her feeling frigid, but it was a welcomed pleasure to help contrast the heat that she felt from inside. Rough, snagly, branches reached out at her from the thick of the forest, tearing holes in her silken night dress,not that she payed any attention. As she reached to the end of the clearing she felt a warm pull inside of her. Incomprehensibly she followed the feeling to a dark, completely vacant cabin. Almost completely vacant, she should say. Even from the outside she could see his dark shadow sweeping past the windows. She reached her hand out to the doorknob still unsure of whether she should turn it or not. Her hand rested in the air slightly above it before making the final decision to twist it. Creaking open slowly she apprehensively placed one foot forward. There he stood, tall, dark, and absolutely intriguing. She wanted more of him. Quickly stepping forward she felt his long smooth arms encompass her almost completely, pulling her into the next room. Both of them precariously falling on an old fashioned bed set in the middle of the room. She was on top of him but he quickly changed that. When he rolled over to be in the dominant position it didn’t make her feel as if he was doing it to be powerful, more that he wanted to be able to absolutely adore her. Kylo spread soft butterfly kisses over her collarbone neck, soft dark hair tickling her as he went. Small hands grasped the fabric of his cotton shirt. Slowly, ever so slowly, he lifted the already torn nightdress over her head. She should have felt exposed in front of him but moreover his caress soothed her. His rough hands were anything but as he rubbed meticulously over her breasts, lovingly. Steadily he started his descent down. Rey woke with a start. Beads of sweat dripped down her face and made her shiver. What was that? She had just met the guy and was already having sexual dreams about him. Her hands rose to her face, covering it in embarrassment. “Oh, god.” She softly murmurs to herself. “Sorry, just Kylo.” He mutters with a smirk as he steps fully into her room from behind the half closed door. A strangled noise makes it way out of her throat in an attempt to try and save herself from further embarrassment. Finally her mortification wore out and was able to stutter out a sentence. “What are you d-doing here? Why are you in my room?” She tried to say this all without blushing at the memory of the events that took place in her dream. She failed. “Well my mother suggested that since you’re new to town and don’t really know it that well that I should show you around. And I happily agreed” He smiled, softly staring down at her. “You’re mother said that?” She questioned. Not that it was unbelievable, she just felt disappointed that he was only her because of his mother's wishes. He gave a small nod of confirmation. “Well I’ll excuse you now so that you can get dressed and such, but as soon as you’re ready then we can head out.” She nodded her head rapidly, she had enough embarrassment for this morning. He silently left closing the door behind him, leaving her to herself once again. “Oh, god.” Notes: Hey!! I am so overwhelmed with the response this story has gotten. It means so much to me. Btw I'm sorry about the short chapters it's just that I'm so used to writing analytical essays that the habit of less is more is ingrained into me. But I'm trying my best to make them longer. And the song that I listened to on repeat while writing this was "Desire" by Meg Myers. She's super awesome so if you feel like it you should check her out. Chapter 5 There was a malicious grin on his face as the door shut behind him. It worked just as he had planned. He had really enjoyed her company last night. He was almost tempted to take her then, but no, he would wait until he could enjoy her in the flesh. Pulled from the reverie in his mind when Rey opened her bedroom door, he was in awe. Looking absolutely stunning in a beautiful but modest dress, he tried to conceal his shock. He had never been aware of anyone the way that he was aware of her. He was like Lucifer, a fallen angel, while she was a goddess. Yet he didn’t feel unworthy of her. She was greatness and everyone deserves greatness even the darkest of people. In all honesty, it really wasn’t his fault when he pushed her up against the wall, her virtue was compelling. He tucked his head into the crook of her shoulder. She smelled utterly divine. He could tell that she was uncomfortable with his touch, it was just because of her purity. She wasn’t yet used to having a man touch her. Oh, but she would be very soon. “Uhm, K-kylo, what are you doing?” She laughed out nervously. “Just making sure you know how much a girl like you should be adored. You are absolute perfection, love.” His voice was a low rumble against the side of her neck. Slowly, he pulled away from her, trying to make the moment last for as long as possible. He gave her one last look her way, keeping eye contact the whole while, then turned away. Reaching for her hand his warm large hand wrapped around her rigid dainty one. …………………………………………………………………………………………………………… With the wind blowing through her hair and the music on the radio blasting she felt as if summer was finally coming to a close. It was a bit disappointing that she had spent most of it moving across the country. Her mind fell back to her old town and friends. She missed Finn and Poe so much; she even missed Poe’s little dog, BB. Kylo must have been able to tell that her mind had been drifting off and turned down the volume of the radio. “Rey, what are you thinking about?” His voice was teasing but she could tell that there was something behind it. She felt a wave of nerves go through her at the idea of telling him about Poe and Finn. Why would that make her nervous? Kylo hadn’t done anything of a suspicious nature. “Oh, just my best friends from back home, I haven’t seen them since I left and I just can’t stop thinking about them.” “Why don’t you tell me about them?” He asked. “Well, okay.” She said with a smile. No one really made her happy like her best friends did. “There’s Poe who wants to become a pilot in the air force, he would always tell me and Finn that he could fly anything. And Finn, he used to want to join the army, but at the last minute decided that it wasn’t for him. Now he doesn’t know what he wants to do. They're both super amazing.” She didn’t notice his hands clenching on the steering wheel as she rambled on about her friends. “How about you, Kylo? What are your friends like?” She asked curiously. “I don’t have friends.” He said somberly. He didn’t even seem bothered by the fact, just accepting. “What do you mean? Of course you have friends.” He didn’t even bother to respond to her, just kept his eyes facing forward. She felt the start of tears prickle in her eyes. It didn’t matter that she had only just met him; it still stung that he wouldn’t even consider her. The car started to slow down and pull off to the side of the road. He gave her a tender look before reaching over and wiping the tears off of her cheeks. “What’s the matter, beautiful?” She tried to shy away from his touch but he wasn’t having it. “It’s nothing, don’t worry about it.” Her voice came out choked at weak. She tried to look down but his hand was suddenly there at ther chin, pulling it up to look at him. “I’ll ask one more time. Why are you crying?” His eyes were intense on hers almost as if he was trying to pry the answers out of her just by looking. She didn’t want to upset him so she finally gave in. “I know that we just met but I feel close to you already. I feel like you're my friend and it… it just troubled me to think that you don’t feel the same way about me.” He gave her a crooked smile and brushed her hair aside. “Darling, I don’t want to be your friend.” Her heart felt as if it had stopped right there in that moment. She had known that he didn’t want to be friends but never expected him to come right out and say it. “Well, then t-take me back h-home please.” She managed to fumble out. It was embarrassing enough being with him now but she couldn’t imagine what it would be like to drive around the rest of the town with him. He shifted his body so that he could get a better view of her and was now touching their knees together “I don’t want to be your friend. I want more than that. I want to be with you all the time, no matter where you are or what you’re doing. Now that I’ve seen such an angel as beautiful and delicate as you there’s no way that I would be able to go back to a world without you.” Her heart jumped to her throat. What did this mean? It was all so sudden and unexpected. Before she had any time to put back together the rest of her scrambled thoughts; he leaned into her. His lips were on hers. Not crushing but still firm. His hands were tangled in her hair and she finally snapped back to reality. She started kissing him back. Soft at first but as it went on she grew more needy. She whined into his mouth. “Kylo, oh yes.” She could feel him pressing against her. Oh how she wanted more. He pulled apart from her finally and stared at her deeply. “I’ve got you now.” He softly murmured against her. “What did you say?” She asked confused. He was too soft for her to pick up on. “Nothing, just that I care about you greatly.” Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She looked so beautiful like this, quiet and relaxed. He tried not to let his shadowy figure block out the soft light coming in from outside the window. Her soft breathing brought peace to him. For once in his life he felt as if he was...secure. He knew that she would never leave him. Never be able to leave him. There’s no way that he would ever let her escape after looking for someone like her for so long. He slipped into her dreams again. .............................................................................................................................................……………………………………………………. Rey looked around her at her surroundings. They were completely unfamiliar to her. Looking around she realized that the hallways looked like one in a hotel. It was beautiful there, pristine white floors and soft blue paintings helped bring the place to life. She heard the soft buzz of a shower not to far away. For some odd reason she felt the urge to head toward it. Standing in front of the door, she realized that it was already slightly cracked open. Pushing forward, she allowed herself a quick look around. There was a large queen sized bed in the center of the room and different types of flowers were placed throughout the room. She started to head toward the bathroom, her nerves on fire. As she looked through the thick fog of condensation created by the shower she spotted a tall familiar dark figure. The dark hair longer than usual, straightened out by the onslaught of water against it. He slowly turned around to look at her and smiled. Kylo was standing there fully exposed in front of her. She couldn’t breathe fast enough. “Would you care to join me, love.” Still retaining the smile that had plastered his face just moments before. “W-what do you mean?” “You know what I mean, Rey.” “I wouldn’t know what to do, I’ve never been with someone before.” “Come here baby I’ll teach you. Take off your clothes.” She gradually started to unrobe herself, noticing his prying eyes looking at her. “Now come here.” He pulled her under the warm gentle spray of the shower. He started to rub through her scalp getting her all wet. His fingers went to work circling around the soft skin of her waist. ..........................................................................................................................................……………………………………………….. Her moans were like music to his ears. Riveting to move his fingers down from where they were positioned at her waist to her hips and then again lower to the top of her thighs. They were trembling with excitement and help but to slip a finger inside of her. He knew that he had previously promised himself to wait until she was conscious but he could not restrict himself from her sweet pleasure. ....................................………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….......................................................... As soon as he was inside of her she felt the connection. She knew that it was meant to be. It was a different feeling compared to any that she had ever felt before, yet still right. He started to move his finger slowly. Starting a rhythm inside of her, he started to murmur sweet nothings. A gentle yet intense warmth started to build up in her lower abdomen. She felt like something was going to come and had no idea what it was. She wanted to scream his name. Let everyone in the whole world know who she belonged too. Who belonged to her as well. “Kylo-o” Her voice broke halfway through but it didn’t deter her at all. Her hands clenched around his dark hair so hard that her knuckles turned white. Her world went bright, bright, brighter. And then finally pitch black. ……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………......................................................................................... She had a look of confusion on her face, as well as extremely flushed cheeks, as she awoke. Sitting up in her bed, she turned to the side to get up, instantly falling down when she saw him. “Kylo? What are you doing here?” She was so cute when she was dazed. “I’ve been here the whole time babe.” Her eyebrows furrowed at him questioningly, as if to non-verbally say ‘What the hell do you mean?’ He responds with a single sentence. “You know what I mean Rey.” Exactly what he said to her only minutes ago in her dream. Notes: You'll get to find out 'what' exactly Kylo is by the next chapter. Also I'm such Reylo trash. And heres my tumblr for anyone who asked (no one): https://www.tumblr.com/blog/hauntingmv As always thanks for reading! Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Kylo, why did you say that?” How would he have known what he had previously said in her dream? It didn’t make and sense. He looked down at her with a soft smile on his face. Brushing away a strand of her hair he leaned in close to her and whispered into her ear. “Love, did you think I would allow you to have those dreams about me without me even being present. I think not.” She gasped. He knew? “Are you saying you caused it?” She held her breath waiting for the answer. “Of course.” He shifted so that he was now holding himself above her while she was flat on her back in her bed. “But how? No human would be able to do something like that.” The words were like whispers falling from her lips. “Then maybe I’m not human.” Her thoughts were racing around her head. She found it difficult to focus on any one thought for longer than 2 seconds. “Then what are you?” She whispered out to him, waiting for a response. “You’re an intelligent girl Rey, shouldn’t you be able to guess?” She felt as if she was drowning, the new information filling her head was too much for her to take and it was like she was choking on it. She tried to mentally go through the clues. Too bad she absolutely none. ‘I wouldn’t say you have none.’ “What the hell just happened? Were you in my head. And then did you respond to my mental question with a mental response.” All he bothered to give her in response was a subtle raise of his right brow. She stared into his eyes for another moment longer before finally deciding that, yes, crazily enough he seen into her thoughts. …………………………………………………………………………………………………………............................................................................................ He gave her a reassuring smile to let her know that she was safe in his hands. How could he ever inflict damage on his angel. Softly caressing her cheek, he looked down into her mesmerizing hazel eyes. “Kylo, I know you think that I’m smart enough to be able to figure out what you are, but I’m not.” “Rey, you doubt yourself too much. I want you to be able to find out on your own what I am. I know that we’ll be able to deepen our connection if I don’t lead you to it.” As much as he wanted to stay there with her until the end of time he needed to give her the space that she would need to be able to figure out what he is. He pressed a soft kiss to her forehead before getting up and gently closing the door behind him. ……………………………………………............................................................................................................................................................. She couldn’t focus. It had all come to her so fast. Sorting through all this new information would be a task almost impossible to complete on her own. She let out a soft sigh and laid her head in her arms. Then it came to her. Maybe she didn’t have to do this on her own. …………………………………………………………………….................................................................................................................................. This place was cold and desolate. She couldn’t see another soul for half a mile. Pulling up her hood she set out to find her destination, an old store called Shattered Light. Supposedly they could help with anyone's supernatural needs. She had her doubts about how legitimate they were considering she had never really believed in this kind of thing, not until Kylo at least. Taking another sharp turn to her left the store stood right in front of her. When she took a step inside she was not the least bit surprised at her surroundings. It was almost a bit cliche at how much it resembled every supernatural shop from movies and TV shows. The place was dimly lit at it was certainly because of the fact that they chose to use candles instead of artificial lighting. There were threadbare tablecloths spread about the shop as well as oils to ward off spirits or from some strange reason to attract them. “Hello there Light one, how may I help you?” Behind the counter stood a woman that could only be described as crooked. She was bent over the counter in what one would assume to be an uncomfortable position but despite that her face sported what was likely a smile. It was difficult to tell considering how many teeth she was missing. Rey was too busy staring at her to come up with a response. “Little Keeper, are you having trouble with your Incubus?” Her amusement only seemed to increase when Rey’s eye’s widened at the term. “Incubus?” She managed to get out. “Did you not know? The entity that has been following you around is what they call an Incubus.” Rey's thoughts went wild in her head. What does that mean? “What the hell is an Incubus?” “Sit down Keeper, we have much to talk about.” She gave out one last cackle before leading her to the back of the store Notes: Have you guys seen the SNL skit with Adam Driver as an Undercover Boss. Holy fucking god it is so hilarious. Thanks for reading! Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) WARNING: This chapter contains graphic depiction of violence Rey was lead through a shabby hallway to a small room in the corner of the store. As she walked through, the strong scent of incense and mold hit her nostrils. She held back her disgust at the smell; after all, this was the only person who was helping her the least she could do was not insult her store. The corner of the room was rampant with mice and spiders. The old women took a seat at a dilapidated table and Rey sat across from her. From this angle Rey was finally able to see that one of the woman's eyes was covered over in a milky white film. She must have been blind in that eye. Rey wanted to get out of this place as soon as possible so she started instantly with her questions. “Tell me what exactly an Incubus is.” She wanted to make her voice seem confident and powerful to let the women know that she wasn’t messing around. The women started to talk before she was cut short by an obnoxious cough. “Little Keeper.” She said. “Intentionally or not, you have lured in a incubus. And now you will have to deal with the consequences.” Rey’s mouth dropped open at this. What type of consequences? She never pictured that Kylo would hurt her. But she didn’t know whether or not the Incubus Kylo would harm her. She swallowed and then proceded. “Then what do I have to do?” She asked “That depends, do you want to keep him around as your lover or…” “Or what?” “Banish him away from you for eternity.” No she couldn’t do that. Yet she didn’t know whether she was ready to become his lover. She knows that she had involved herself with him in her dreams but she couldn’t be sure if that was of her own wishes of Kylos influence. Now she was uncertain of her feelings toward him. “Is there any other option?” The women gave her a calculating look. “No.” “Please, I don’t have anywhere else to turn. Anything, anything would work.” She pursed her lips and finally responded. “What I’m about to tell you shall never leave this room, Keeper.” She opens her mouth to speak when a cold chill runs through the room. In steps a dark figure dressed in a cloak and the woman's body is suddenly racked with trembles. The man pulls of his hood and Kylo’s usually soft face is set in an expression Rey’s never seen before. It was cold and stone like, there is no trace of the usual tenderness that was so often there when he was looking at his beloved. A screech left the woman's mouth but Kylo just stares at her harshly. “I sent my most cherished of possessions here to help establish a stronger relationship with me. And what do you do? You place a seed of doubt in her mind about me.” The room was ablaze with currents coming in from each and every direction. Kylo outstretched his hand and aimed it at the woman. Rey didn’t dare continue looking at Kylo for fear of his wrath. Instead she focused her gaze on the old women. Her eyes were bulging out of their sockets and dyed a horrible red by veins shattered from the pressure. Her aged skin seemed to be receding, stretching white over her frail figure. This seemed to be the product of Kylos power. It was too gruesome for Rey to watch any longer, averting her eyes to the ground as salty tears poured over her cheeks. Then came a horrible shredding sound, foolishly, she looked back at the sight in front of her. Kylo was in front of the women and his hand was in her chest. Rey could actually see fragments of muscle and bone. She couldn’t help but to throw up, covering her already disgusting shirt that had been defiled by the old woman's blood, with bile. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, she heard a heavy slam on the ground. She could hear his footsteps approaching her and eventually stopping in front of her. He wraps his bloodied arms around her, and for the first time, she feels disgusted by his touch. “Shh, my love, it’s okay. I can forgive you for going to this hag. I know it was her who tried to make you betray me” He kept running his hands through her hair, dirtying it with the women's blood. “Now let's get you home and cleaned up.” At the idea of her mother seeing her in this state she instantly began to shake her head in opposition. “Oh darling you’re right, aren’t you? We still haven’t told your mother about us.” His face took on a look of concentration, then a small grin. “I’ve got another idea then, lovely.” Notes: Thank you everyone so much for reading this. I had a really bad experience with one of my English teachers awhile ago and I lost a lot of confidence in my writing. I couldn't even bring myself to proof read any of my work (including this one) so it dropped in quality by a lot. I decided to write this as an exercise for myself and although its far from my best work I'm still proud of it. The support given to me in the comments really helped to build up my confidence again and I really appreciate that. After I wrap this up I want to take my time and write something I've been thinking about for a while now. I want to do an AU based off of fairy tales and mythology but to do that I would have to put in a lot of research and time trying to craft something in the way that I would like so I might take a short hiatus. I'm so thankful for everyone who has read my story. If you have any questions about this story or my next one please feel free to ask! Chapter 9 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He didn’t blame her for what had happened. The innocence that she possessed was something desirable, even to the scum of the world, who would always try and take advantage of her. Her knees wobbled as he lifted her to her feet and she could barely make it 5 steps before almost passing out. Before she could say another word, he lifted her up into his arms, bridal style. He was not oblivious to her advertence to his embrace. Letting out a sigh, he allowed it because he knew it stemmed from the fact that she didn’t think herself worthy of this type of treatment. When would she ever realize how precious she is to him? He brushed back his hair and allowed himself to think for a brief moment what his new life with her had in store. A slight smile spread across his face. ……………………………………….. She tried to struggle against him for as long as she could, but her weak body gave out under its exhaustion. The way that she felt so comfortable in his arms unsettled her and she wished in that moment to be somebody else. Someone who didn’t make terrible mistakes like her. Someone who didn’t harbour feelings for psychopaths. Unwillingly as it was, she fell asleep in his arms. …………………………………………. When she woke up she had a massive headache and a whole lot of questions. Not to mention she was in a foreign room that she’s never been in before. She jumped in surprise when she felt a warm large hand start to stroke the side of her face. “Shh, shh baby. You can keep sleeping.” His hands were all over her and the thought made bile rise in her throat. The hands that had torn a women apart were now moving up and down the planes of her face. Without thinking she slapped his hand away from her. He gave her a soft look. “Rey, sweetheart, it’s okay. I’m not mad at you.” He said. “I mean, at first, of course I was. But not at you darling, never at you.” Her expression morphed into one of confusion at his statement. What was he talking about. Why would he have any reason to be mad at her. In fact, she should be the one that's mad. “Baby, don’t be confused. It’s simple really. I could never be mad at you. I couldn’t go on living without you. There’s no way I’d ever let you leave me.” He said smiling, like it was something she should be happy about too. The words kept repeating over and over again in his mind. It hit her that there was no way to get him to understand the fact that she might want to leave. It was to much for her to comprehend. So did what she could instead. She fell asleep. Notes: Sorry it's so short today but I just got back from break after finals and it feels like every teacher needs to give a shit ton of homework. Also this is pretty much filler so I added another chapter so there's gonna be 11 chapters instead of 10. Chapter 10 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Something seemed off, as though it wasn’t her usual perspective. The room that she was in was dark and gloomy, not a room that she would have chosen to be in on her own but she didn’t really mind in. For the first time since she’s been here she noticed that she was not alone. At a closer inspection of the figure she realized that it was Kylo. She was about to leave, fearing how he would treat her after what he had done to that women, when something stopped her. For some odd reason she had the feeling that he couldn’t see her. It may not have been smart, but she decided to test her theory. “Kylo.” She barely managed to get out for fear that she could be wrong. Fortunately for her, he showed no sign of awareness to her presence. She breathed out a sigh of relief and went to work more closely observing her surroundings. There was a very large bed in the center of the room and a small nightstand. The room was simple but still pleasant. She sneaked a glance to her right and sure enough Kylo was still there, preoccupied with whatever he was doing. She walked over to the nightstand to look at the contents. She smiled at the books on the nightstand. There were so many of them, but none of them conforming to a certain genre. She picked up a rather large one and opened the leather bound cover. Here eyes widened in horror at what she found. The pages of the book were hollowed out in a way that allowed a small place for someone to put in small objects. Inside of it were what seemed like 100’s of photos of her. She covered her mouth in shock. “Don’t you see, my love.” She jumped in surprise at his voice. She thought that he wasn’t able to see her so why now all of the sudden was he paying attention to her? “Darling, I knew you were here, I just wanted to give you time to loosen up and relax.” “How did you do that?” “What?” “Reply to my thoughts like that.” Rey was going into panic mode. If Kylo could read her thoughts what else could he do that she didn’t know about? “Shh shh, relax. I would never do anything to hurt you. And yes I can read your thoughts.” He gave her a small smile that was supposed to be reassuring. And for some odd reason it was. Something about the photos seemed so carefully and lovingly taken. As if every piece of Kylo’s heart was in those photos. He must have heard her thoughts because at that very moment he wrapped his arms around her. Instantly, all the abrasive thoughts that she had for Kylo left her mind. She turned herself around in his arms and laid her head against his chest and steadied herself to his breathing. It was almost unbelievable to her that she had been angry at Kylo. He did what he had to do to protect their relationship. Notes: Sorry for taking so long with the updates but I start track again in March so I've been going to the gym every day. Also I'm lazy af. Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The subtle beating of his heart against her head was lulling her into a relaxed state. She felt her eyelids slipping closed, when suddenly, a realization struck her. She shouldn’t feel relaxed with Kylo in her presence. The way that he eyed her was like a predator about to go in for the kill. A wave of depravity washed over her. How could she escape now? It’s too late for her to run, she was already ensnared in his trap. Then it came to her. She doesn’t have to run. Kylo may be a predator, but that doesn’t mean that she has to be his prey. With one swift movement, she removed the hand that he had placed on her waist and twisted it around his back. For a moment, it looked like he might have winced in pain, but his expression immediately shifted to a grin. He had the audacity to wink at her, even though she was obviously in the dominate position here. Her anger giving her even more strength, she used the arm that was already twisted against his back as leverage to push him even further towards the wall. She was going to show him how to respect her. She leaned into his ear and whispered to him. “When we are in the bedroom, is when I would like to be dominated my love. Otherwise, outside of it, you will treat me with the utmost respect.” She gave his ear a nip and pulled back. That should teach him a lesson; don’t toy with his master. She shoved him aside and he fell to her feet. His dark eyes looked up at her and she knew that she hadn’t hurt his pride too much. She could sense something in him, something that told her that he didn’t mind her dominance over him. Staring into those dark pleading eyes she knew that this was no work of magic or glamour on his part, she was truly in love with him. Notes: Welp that's it. Thank you to all of you who stuck around and read it you guys are amazing. I had lost inspiration for this fic when one of you guys commented on her and you sent me into a writing frenzy. I know the ending isn't really what you would expect from this type of fic but i really like it so please don't be rude if you don't enjoy it. Thanks for reading