Notes: The amazing Ola Bishop has blessed this monster of a fic with some very beautiful appreciation fan art for each chapter! These are linked with their permission. Chapter 1 Kylo Ren had little memory of the past few days. He had passed out in the snowy forest of Starkiller base as the planet had started to fracture. He was bleeding out, and the icy environment of the planet was starting to feel frighteningly warm. As his eyes had drifted shut, the Knight knew he was going to die. Something had jostled him back to a blurry, pain-filled consciousness and he could have sworn he was being carried. By who he couldn't tell. "Hux?" he had whispered, before darkness had taken him into its embrace again. His second awakening had been far less pleasant. Razor sharp pain filled his senses, and voices. Voices all around him. Someone was holding him down, something pricked his arm- Nonononono- "NO!" he screamed, jerking himself up into a sitting position. The lights were too bright and were blinding. He couldn't tell where he was. People's hands were on him, restraining him. "NO!" he screamed again, throwing his hands out and pushing the people around him away with all the Force strength he could muster. Somewhere a machine shorted out and started wailing. Ren ignored it, frantically pulling off the sensors that were attached to his skin, ripping out the needles taped to his arms. He staggered to his feet, the world spinning and people grabbing at his arms, yelling to each other, at him. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the person coming at him with a needle. "I SAID NO!" he snarled, Force pushing them back again. A light burst overhead and someone screamed. Ren took a few more steps forward, staggering, trying to desperately stay away from the people who sought to restrain and drug him. They were on him again, and he was weakening quickly. His panic was blinding his ability to use the Force and Kylo Ren quickly descended into his more primal instincts, snarling and struggling like a caged animal. He wasn't even sure where the door was, where the escape might be, he just knew he had to get away. By the Maker he hurt, everything hurt and he need to run. Suddenly all the air rushed out of his lungs and he crumpled to the floor. The Knight groaned, trying desperately to breathe again and in all the chaos he recognized one person. General Hux was standing above him, straightening and frowning down at him. Hux... the fucking bastard had sucker punched him in his solar plexus. "Drugs. Now. Restrain him," Hux was ordering. An orderly was protesting that they already had given the Knight several doses. "Induce a coma if that is what it takes. I don't want any further disruptions." That was the last thing Kylo Ren could remember. The rest, the next three days were a sweaty nightmare that he couldn't seem to surface from. He was screaming in his sleep, struggling against the restraints that held him. In his mind he saw his father die, over and over again. Each time he wanted to take it back. If only he could take it back, he would give up everything. He saw his mother in his dreams too. Her kind face so sad, so grief stricken as she reached out to him. And then she was engulfed in fire. Everything around him was on fire and he was left alone in a world of ash. He saw his uncle. Saw the people he and the others had killed that night. That they had slaughtered. His body went icy cold. He saw that girl again. The Force-sensitive girl who had more innate strength then he had ever seen in a person. How she had looked at him, no longer fearful but instead filled with hatred in the end. Calm and at peace with herself, even as she moved to cut him down. He saw her bring his grandfather's lightsaber down on him and Kylo Ren screamed. He jerked awake, gasping for breath, fighting against the braces that held him to the bed. It took a moment for his brain to catch up with his body and he realized there were tears on his face and that he was alone in the room. It was of little comfort, but Ren forced himself to take deep shaky breaths until he could concentrate. The restraints were not difficult to undo with the Force, so long as he didn't panic... a wrist came free and then the arm and he gave up on the Force and frantically began to tear the other bonds off. Once he was free he was ripping the needles out of his arms. They had one in each and he winced as they came free. He swung his legs over the side of the bed that he'd been confined to- "Lord Ren?" a timid voice startled him and he reached out with the Force and grabbed whoever it was by the throat. He looked up, breathing heavily. Just a girl, a medical orderly. She had a tablet in hand and was staring at him in wide eyed fear. Ren let her go and she gasped. He ignored her presence and moved to stand up again. "Oh Lord Ren you shouldn't-" she wasn't able to get the sentence out as the Knight's legs collapsed beneath him. "You've been in a medically induced coma for three days, your equilibrium-" Ren growled in frustration and with the strength of a man possessed, pulled himself back to his feet, bracing his shaky body against the small sink and cabinet near his bed. The girl took this as her chance to approach him. "You shouldn't move too rapidly, your blood levels are off," she chided him and offered him a small cup. Ren glared at it suspiciously. "Its some sugar water, it'll help," she held it out to him. "Help with wh-" Ren gagged and then threw up in the sink. "General Hux said you might have a bad reaction to the medicine. The sugar water will help your stomach," the girl supplied, as Ren finished vomiting bile. Inwardly, he cursed the general. Finally he straightened, spitting several times in the sink before with a trembling hand took the cup he was being offered. He managed one swallow and was vomiting again. The orderly girl was fretting and moved to touch him, perhaps that worked well with other people, but the Knight was not having it. He sent her sprawling backwards with a Force push and she yelped. Ren took several deep breaths, trying to calm himself to will his stomach to calm down. Finally he straightened, his mind at last clear enough to take a mental inventory of himself. His mask and what had been left of his lightsaber were gone, probably lost in the explosion of Starkiller base, someone had undressed him and redressed him in the rough gray cotton scrubs that long term medical bay patients wore. His shoulder wounds were bandaged as was his side, and someone had put a clear liquid bandage across the saber slash on his face. His whole body hurt and his mind felt like a wrung out sponge. Ren wanted nothing more than a shower and to hide in a dark cave somewhere... No. If he was honest with himself, he wanted to undo the past three days. Undo what had happened on the bridge and run ... With a growl of irritation he brushed the tears off his face that were traitorously escaping his eyes. Vaguely, he realized that the orderly was still there. "Yes?" he snarled. "General Hux said that you were to come directly to his office when you awoke," she squeaked. "Really? Directly?" Ren cursed the other man again. "Yes sir." He grunted in response and she stood there for a few more seconds before making her retreat. Probably to tell Hux he was awake. Oh damn that man. This was cruel even for Hux. To make Ren report to him like this. Not even giving him the chance to at least get familiar clothes on. Like a twisted walk of shame, Ren didn't even have shoes. "Fucking bastard," he growled and started to limp to the door. His anger at Hux soon went through him however and the pain of his wounds left him panting and shaking. Each step became more difficult, until he was leaning heavily against the wall for support. All he wanted to do was collapse, but his pride prevented that from happening. This after all was part of the game. It had to be; in fact, Ren prayed to the Maker that it was. How long ago had they started this twisted past time? Had it really be almost a decade? A game that involved the very delicate balance of power between the two men. A game where you had to wear the other down to nothing. To dismantle entirely and then rebuild. Life from ashes and baptism by pain. He and Hux fit together perfectly in their own twisted way. With every step he took, Ren felt part of himself give way and he held out the hope that this was part of the game. *** Kylo Ren stepped into Hux's office. He stood in Hux's freezing office, barefoot, without his mask and in the cheap gray cotton shirt and pants that were given to patients in the medical bay. He felt exposed, and that was the purpose of this. Hux was giving him no quarter to hide behind. Ren swallowed heavily as the door slid shut and locked behind him. He hated Hux's office. How the other general could stand it to be this cold was beyond the Knight. He forced his hands to relax at his sides and ignored the throbbing pain in his side and shoulders. The slash across his face burned and he focused on that. He had refused the drugs timidly offered to him by another medical tech before he left, and part of him wished he hadn't. But he needed to have his senses unaltered for this. Hux stood with his back to the Knight, staring out the window into the blackness of space before him. "Supreme Leade Snoke is not pleased," Hux said without turning around. "Tell me something I don't know," Ren replied through gritted teeth. Cold spikes of pain shot up through his legs from the cold floor, how the hell did Hux keep this room so cold? "We're en-route to him," Hux turned around to face the wounded Knight. "He said something about completing your training," he watched Ren's face for the small tics. It wasn't that often that he got the upper hand on the Knight, but when he did, Hux exploited it to its fullest potential. Ren nodded stiffly, keeping his face blank as he shifted his weight for better balance, compensating for the head spinning pain he was in. Hux noticed it though. "Tell me then, that you were successful in destroying the girl and the traitor. Tell me that you at least did something of use," Hux reached into one of the drawers of his desk to retrieve something, Ren couldn't see what. "I struggle to see why the Supreme Leader finds you so valuable, Ben Solo." That did it, Hux noted, the Knight flinched like the name was a blow. Now they could really begin. "You are a melodramatic child with daddy issues who idolizes a dead man," Hux continued as he moved forward, circling the Knight. "A man who failed ," Hux emphasised as he came to stand directly behind Ren. "What good is a weak, pathetic Solo child?" Kylo Ren closed his eyes, trying to keep his focus on his breathing, trying to pull strength from the Darkness of the Force, to use his pain as strength like he had been taught. Hux's words stung and Ren realizes he's lost track of his breathing and it\92s coming from his mouth in loud, harsh breaths. Hux is behind him, quiet--and it makes the hairs on the back of Ren's neck rise. Then there is the crackle of electricity, and Ren flinches, taking half a step forward. 'Shit', he thinks. Nothing has touched him yet, but he knows what is coming. Hux found out long ago that Ren hates electricity. Despite it being one of the most sought after Force powers of the Dark side, Ren hates it. Snoke used it liberally on him during his early training, like one would a squirt bottle of water on a misbehaving Anooba. Ren doesn't remember how Hux found out about it at this moment, but it means one thing: Hux is beyond pissed and the balance of power between Hux and himself has precariously tipped in the other general's favor. The blow never comes and Hux circles around the Knight. "Well? I'm still waiting for your report. Convince me that you did something, anything of use, because for the last two weeks all you've done is give the First Order a hefty repair bill." He watched the Knight's face, Ren has nowhere to hide without his mask and billowing cloak. Hux waits, patiently, he is always patient because he knows Ren is not, and that the wait will eat away at the Knight's nerves. Just for fun, Hux clicked the fire button on the small personal taser he has in his hand and relished the Knight's reaction to the noise. He won't touch the other man, not yet. Finally Ren gritted out, "I killed him." His hands are visibly trembling, from a combination of cold, pain and raw nerves. He forced his eyes open so they met Hux's. "Han Solo is dead." Even as he said the words, he felt something in his chest rip open. A great pain that he thought was going to devour him and he felt the ghost of his father's hand on his face in that last moment... No! He bites his tongue against the memory, trying to summon hatred, anger, anything to hold back the crashing waves of very real regret that threaten to overtake him. Hux blinks, amazed for a moment and then laughed. That's another thing Ren hates, being laughed at. Being belittled. "You killed ONE MAN!" Hux screams at him. "Good for you! One man and we have the whole fucking Resistance to take on still and we have lost a Starkiller base! That took years and billions to build! Is that somehow lost on you? Does your vision expand beyond your own petty existence and vendettas? Do you know how many of our men died? How weak that makes us look?" He stopped, gasping for breath. By the Maker he wants to hit Ren, but that would be too kind and Hux prides himself on being a man of control. A man who keeps himself composed, and he must stay composed now. It is not yet the right moment in the game. It isn't time to let himself go. Hux knows the Knight has a narrow vision, he has no loyalty to the First Order, he was not born into a family of Empire supporters, once high ranking generals at that, he doesn't understand how crushing this defeat is for Hux on not only a political level, but a personal one as well. "One fucking man," Hux's voice a disgusted whisper. He's so mad he could spit, but that would be below him. He has more taste than that. Instead he takes the taser and slams it into Ren's side where the bowcaster wound is and holds down the fire button. Ren staggered from the blow, he's in so much pain he's defenceless, and Hux knew it too. He went down on one knee with a noise, trying to catch his breath, and a second later the electricity raced through him and he screamed. He collapsed to his hands and knees, not caring that it was a humiliating position, not able to stop screaming. Every part of him was on fire, his muscles seized up and his heart was skipping beats, starting and stopping in a horrifying way. Ren can't tell if the screaming is in his head or not because at some point his chest locks up and he can't breathe. Hux released the trigger and took a step back, watching the Knight collapse on the floor, muscles spasming, side bleeding and choking on his own spit. Hux crouched and grabbed a fist full of Ren's dark hair and stands, pulling the other man back up to his knees and yanking his head back. "Stay," he ordered, he knew Ren would obey. Their game is in full swing and Hux is almost high on his power trip. Now. Now is the moment when he releases control of himself. Now the ginger haired general fully embraces his part in the game and loses his self control. The Knight managed, but barely. Hux leaned close to him, pulling his head back as far as it would go, Ren made a choking noise, but Hux ignored it in favor of letting the taser crackle dangerously close to the other man's ear. Ren flinched, the motion violent and desperate, but he didn't get far as Hux kept a tight hold on his hair. "I didn't say you could move," Hux growled. "You killed one man, and you manage to make it patricide at that." He leaned close to Ren's ear, his lips brushing against it. "You're pathetic." A shudder moved through the Knight and a whimper came from him. Hux is almost disappointed, the game is ending too soon! Perhaps Kylo Ren was more damaged then he had anticipated. Hux pocketed the taser and ran a gloved finger along the saber wound that stretches across Ren's face. A full body shudder went through the Knight. "At least you'll finally have a reason for that ridiculous mask." He threw the Knight forward by his hair, frowning as the other man barely managed to catch himself. "On your feet," Hux growled. There was something so especially satisfying about watching the arrogant Knight brought so low. Seeing him so broken. It made Hux's mouth water. But he grew bored watching the Knight struggle, Ren's legs seemed unable to support his weight and he could barely rise up to one knee. Hux moved so he was right in front of Ren and when the Knight raised his eyes to look up at the other general Hux backhanded him as hard as he could, hitting that slash on the other man's face and sending him backwards. Seething at his counterpart's weakness, Hux strode forward and pulled Ren up by his hair again, to his feet this time and slammed him back into the nearest wall. The Knight was like a rag doll in his hands, and Hux's other hand closed around Ren's throat. Hux might not be Force sensitive, but he can be just as dangerous when he wants to be. The hand he's using to grip Ren's hair twists, threatening to pull it out by the roots, while the other chokes the Knight. Ren tried to pull Hux's hand off his throat. He couldn't focus, could barely breathe. Everything was a hazy blur of red pain, the slash across his face had opened and was oozing and bleeding into his eyes. He tried to speak, but only a garbled noise came out. His vision darkened and he tried desperately to reach out with the Force to push Hux back, to do anything . "Hux-" he managed. Ren has no pride right now, he is so low, so broken by his defeat, by the conflicting emotions in him, and the sheer volume of pain, unlike anything he's ever experienced. "Please," Ren begged. He was willing to sink to any depth. For in this moment he is nothing. "Please," he begged again. Hux's face was contorted into rage and hatred as his grip tightened and Ren's vision began to go dark. His body began to spasm, muscle reflexes that he no longer had any control over. Just before Ren had the chance to go limp, Hux took his hand off the other's throat and the Knight gasped for air. Hux pressed himself flush against the other man, a hand still firmly rooted in that dark hair and kissed him. There is no kindness in the gesture, Hux bit down on Ren's lip, drawing blood as the Knight thrashed against him. In all the galaxy, there was nothing as satisfying as this. As breaking down someone so feared into nothing. Reducing a rival to a shaking pile of flesh. Hux broke the kiss and his hold on the Knight, stepping back and letting Ren fall to the ground. The Knight was coughing, spitting blood from his mouth. "Get up. Don't make me tell you again," Hux ordered, his voice soft, as if talking to a child. He watched with something like glee as the Knight scrambled, leaning against the wall for support, his legs not able to hold him, he's trembling so badly. Hux surveyed him. "Answer me very carefully. Who did you commit patricide for? The First Order, Supreme Commander Snoke, or .... " he lets the question hang. "Yourself?" Ren's hands were fumbling at the wall behind him, trying to find something to brace himself again. The Knight is shaking his head, which interests Hux. "N-no." "Then why? Who are you even loyal to, if not yourself? Pathetic as you are," Hux snorted and turned away from Ren. "You know the answer," came the shaky retort and Hux whirled on the Knight, putting the full weight of his body into the blow to Ren's already aggrivated side wound. The Knight dropped like a rock, not even able to cry out. "Say it," Hux commanded, placing a polished boot on Ren's throat. "Who are you loyal to?" The only sound in the room for several minutes was the Knight wheezing for breath. Then the answer came. A single word. Barely audible. "You." Ren raised his eyes so they met Hux's. He needed the validation, something, anything to grasp on to. There were limits to the abuse even he was capable of taking. Ren has been pushed to his limit, he was broken before but Hux has shattered him. This has gone beyond the game they played. But far be it for Ren to admit that, he's already begged once in this session, he will not again. But Hux likes that answer, its the same answer Ren has given for years. It is the only answer that is acceptable. They are both disposable to Snoke and the First Order is Hux's own way of chasing a dead dream, just as emulating his grandfather is Ren's. Their loyalty to each other is what keeps them sane. It felt like a million years before Hux took his boot off Ren's throat, placing it on the ground, inches from his face, "Show me." Worship me , is what he means. Hux's need for validation is somewhat different than Ren's. Ren knew this part of the game, Hux loved to feel superior and Ren could indulge that. If he does there is the chance that Hux will rebuild him. Kylo Ren desperately needs to be rebuilt, or he might slip back into the weak creature he was: Ben Solo. Ren's lips parted and he crawled forward, placing a kiss on that black boot. His tongue darted out and he licked at the boot, ignoring the taste of polish that mixed his own bleeding lips. He focused on the task, as if it alone would provide salvation for him. He sensed Hux moving above him and it takes everything for him not to flinch as a gloved hand rests on the back of his head. The touch was gentle and it terrified the Knight. "Up." Hux's voice was still too soft and Ren knew he wasn't out of the woods. He rose up to his knees and Hux's hand moved to stroke his face. A whine escapes Ren's throat at the touch, it was gentle and that made it all the worse. "Up." The command came again and Ren obeyed. Ignoring all the pain and how his vision blurred, because he knew he wasn't in power and because when he was in this state he needed to be commanded. His head was spinning and he staggered, but Hux pushed him back against the wall with a single hand. That gloved hand took the fabric on the front of Ren's shirt in a fist and the Knight expected another blow, but instead Hux jerked downwards, tearing the shirt open, exposing the Knight further. Ren wanted nothing more then to cover himself, to retreat into darkness, to not be stared at in the way Hux did now. Hux studied the other man, noting his half healed wounds, the weight he'd lost from three days worth of a medical coma, and how Ren's chest rose and fell far too fast. Hux pulled a glove off and brought his fingers to rest on the Knight's chest. Kylo was startled like he'd been hit with the taser again, a sob came from him and he turned his head away. "No," Hux corrected, turning Ren's head back to him with his other hand. Ren's skin was freezing and it contrasted wonderfully with Hux's too warm hand on the Knight's chest. Keeping hold of the Knight's face with his other hand, Hux started. His bare hand traced over Ren's collar bones and his bruised neck. The movements unhurried and genial. To anyone else this would have been soothing, it wasn't to Ren. For the Knight it was worse then getting hit with a stun baton. His hand moved down to stroke Ren's chest and the sobs started. Oh, they were almost there. The Knight was close to hyperventilating, but he wasn't turning away at least. Hux stroked a gloved thumb across Ren's lips thoughtfully as his bare fingers traced the lines made by muscle and ribs on the Knight's torso. A wail broke from Ren's lips. "Shh, now," Hux pressed two gloved fingers to Ren's lips. The Knight opened his mouth and sucked on them like a starved man. Hux smiled faintly. "So desperate. So greedy," his ungloved hand moved to press against Ren's groin. He squeezed lightly and tugged at what was beneath the thin cloth and the other man groaned as he started to harden. "You are so beautiful like this," Hux leaned forward and whispered in Ren's ear. "My broken Ren," he placed a bruising kiss on Ren's neck and the other sobbed around the fingers in his mouth. Hux gave Ren's cock another squeeze at the base of it and felt the Knight buck slightly into his hand. Hux pulled his fingers out of Ren's mouth, smearing blood and saliva across the other's face. The Knight made a noise, but if it was disappointment or fear Hux couldn't tell. But those tear filled brown eyes were wide and watching Hux's every motion. Hux took a step back, watching the Knight slowly start to go into a panic again. He could tell Ren anything right now and the Knight would do it. But Hux wasn't that cruel. There were limits to how much he would abuse the power when it came to him, after all it would eventually circle back to the Knight. Ren's hands were going to his head, clutching it, and he started to sink to the floor, sliding down the wall, his breathing too fast as his sobs started again. His entire world was pain, his nerves raw and filled with opposing sensations. He was blind to the Force in that moment and it was all he could do to breathe. Even that was a struggle. This was the hardest part, it always was. Every defense torn away, his heart aching and body on fire with conflicting sensations. It was then that something warm surrounded him and Ren went absolutely still. Hux is on him then, pulling Ren's hands away from his head and pressing a hard, hungry kiss against his lips. There were no teeth in this kiss, but it was desperate. These past few months had been torture. Had taken far too long to go by. Ren returned the kiss, his arms hesitantly going around the other general's neck. The kiss broke and they stared at each other, breathless. Ren realized then that it was Hux's greatcoat that had been draped over his shoulders and Hux's arms were around him, pulling him close. Ren leaned up and kissed the general again, whining softly as Hux's tongue played along his broken lip. Their kiss broke again and Ren was light headed. He's aware that Hux is lifting him up, fighting with both of their pants but Ren is too dazed to protest and shivers as more of that damnably cold air touches his skin and his pants end up in a pile on the floor. He heard a zipper and it didn't take a genius to figure out what was about to come next. Ren whined, trying to will Hux to hurry. By the Maker he needed this! "Shh," Hux coaxes him, pulling off his other glove with his teeth. Warm fingers trace circles on Ren's hips and move to cup his ass. Ren shuddered, he couldn't stop shaking and his arms around Hux's neck were all that was supporting him. Hux lifted the Knight's legs up, using the wall for support, pressing him against it as Ren's limbs tangled around his waist. Hux fussed with their positioning again, pressing his cock against Ren's entrance, savoring the feeling of it. The anticipation. His hands squeezed at the Knight's backside, feeling tremors even there. "Hux," Ren whispered and the general looked up into that too expressive face. Oh, he had missed that face. "Please," Ren whispered. Hux inhaled sharply, by the Maker he loved it when Ren did that. If he wasn't careful he would spend himself without even getting inside the other man. Seeing Kylo Ren beg and plead had that effect on him. Hux leaned up and kissed the Knight, trying to devour him moaning as he thrust up and let Ren's body fall just enough to allow the combined forces push him inside that trembling body. Ren broke the kiss to throw his head back and wail at the top of his lungs. Its dry and painful, but Hux knows Ren loves it, the Knight's cock now fully hard between them is proof of that. When Ren quieted Hux started to move. He fucked the Knight hard and mercilessly. Ren's fingers dug into his back, threatening to rip his clothing as his eyes rolled back in his head. Hux attacked Ren's exposed neck with bites as the Knight screamed again. They needed this, they had missed this. Both of them. Ren started a frantic mantra of the word "yes", repeating it over and over. The pattern breaking only when Hux fucked him exceptionally deep and the "yes" turned into an unintelligible wail of pleasure and pain. Its over far too quickly, one of Ren's hands grabbed hold of Hux's hair and the general gave a surprised shout, spending himself inside the Knight's battered body. Ren was still grinding against him, desperate for relief, he's begging again and it was enough to make Hux hard and cum again all in a matter of seconds. Hux's legs finally gave way and they sank to floor. Hux took a hand off Ren's ass and gripped his cock, pumping it quickly. Ren writhed and cried out, finally spilling white all over Hux's palm and his uniform. They both sat there gasping for air. Hux rested his forehead against Ren's, mindful now of the wound and pressed a kiss to the Knight's lips. "I missed you," he admitted quietly. "Us. This. By the Maker I missed you." "I know," Ren whispered back. He's shivering again. "I... failed everyone. Failed you. I'm so-" Hux silenced the incoming words with another kiss. "I should have been there. I didn't know that things... would get this bad." It was as close to an apology as Hux will ever get. "Neither of us did," Ren's expression was tired, but relieved. His fingers absently tangled in Hux's red hair. "It still hurts," he confided. "I know it must," Hux, drew the Knight closer and felt him shudder. "Come to me sooner. I don't want you to get this bad again." "There was no time. We would've been careless, gotten caught," Ren's voice was a whisper. "Besides, you needed it too," he gave Hux's hair another tug, this one gentle, almost playful. Hux closed his eyes and sighed heavily. "I almost lost you. I would've gone mad." "You mean you aren't already? We both aren't completely insane?" Ren's laugh was unbalanced and Hux opened his eyes, brow furrowing with concern. Ren stroked trembling fingers down that pale face. They needed this game. This twisted balance of power to keep them sane. It's the only way they can survive what has passed and what will come. It's how they have survived this far. "Ren," Hux weighed his words carefully. "I-" "Don't!" Ren's eyes go wide, he is truly afraid of the words on the edge of Hux's lips. "Don't say that. Don't." If they admit it then it'll all come crashing down. As if it hadn't already. Hux sighed, shoulders slumping in defeat. "Does it hurt still? Here?" He placed a warm hand over Ren's heart. "It always will," Ren's voice started to wobble. "I... I can never go home now." His voice broke and Hux stroked his hair back from his face. "Your home is with me Ren," he promised. The Knight was quiet and then dissolved into tears, hiding his face in Hux's shoulder. "You are home, so long as I am here," Hux reassured the other, cradling him. They stayed like that until Ren quieted, Hux slid out of him and they're both sticky with sweat, blood, and cum. Hux helped the Knight to his feet and back into his pants, righting their clothing as best he can. They were both a shaky mess and Hux had to support the Knight. "Too much?" Hux asked as he helped Ren down the hall. It is late and Hux's quarters aren't far. They encounter no one else. Perhaps he had overdone it this time. Kylo Ren didn't answer, it was a struggle just to keep moving. He didn't speak until they were safely beind the door to Hux's quarters. Hux started to strip out of his clothes, he wanted a shower. "I am better than that, right?" Ren's voice was small and unlike him. There were still a few broken pieces that haven't been put back yet it seemed. "Of course you are," Hux replied as he walked over to Ren and started to undress him. "You are my Knight. My equal. My fellow General. None of this would have happened to you if you were anything less." He took Ren's hand and led him to the bathroom. The Knight was shivering still and Hux turned the taps of the shower to as hot as they would go. "I only hope that you don't think less of me for... being so cruel." Hux looked away, sometimes he's embarrassed by how violent he gets. How frightening he becomes when he loses control during their game. "I am Snoke's apprentice," Ren reminds him, a sad smile on his face. "You are always kind in comparison." That wasn't the answer Hux was looking for and the red haired general pulled fingers through his hair, more heartbroken than frustrated by this painful answer. Ren stepped to him, cupping his face in chilled hands. "You give me what I need, Hux. What I could never trust anyone else with. I trust you alone to dismantle me, it is terrifying," there was a shake in Ren's voice, and Hux felt even worse. "I worry I will go too far. That one day I won't," he swallowed heavily. "I won't be able to put you back together." "But you always do," Ren instisted. "Another person would leave me broken. A lesser being would kill me. Does my trust, my loyalty, to you not answer any questions you may have? My trust in you outweighs my terror. Every time." There was conviction in Ren's voice now, the tremor was gone. Hux glanced up him and leaned up and kissed him. The bathroom was filling with steam and Hux led him into the hot shower, to chase away chills, fears, and pain with kisses and hot water. They had survived, their game of power would continue. Chapter 2 Notes: My timeline is bullshit at best, this chapter is PRE-TFA by about 10 years. I'm guess-estimating that Hux is 20 at this point and Ren is 19. The timeline will move forward from here by months or years as it is deemed fitting. In theory I'd like to make the fic wrap up just as TFA starts to bring it full circle and really see a dramatic transformation between Ren and Hux as characters and see how this decade shapes them, but we'll see how well that works out. My endearing beta, Ms Jen, has tended to this chapter for me, as well as the previous one, so a giant THANK YOU to her. I hope you all enjoy! EDIT: Special thank you to "rainydays" for pointing out to me that canonically Kylo Ren is /not/ a Knight Lord as of TFA. I've made a few edits to reflect this in both this chapter and chapter 1 and future chapters will reflect this as well. Thank you! <3 EDIT: The amazing Ola Bishop has blessed this monster of a fic with some very beautiful appreciation fan art for each chapter! These are linked with their permission. Chapter 2 The first time Hux met the Knight was the last time he had been physically before Supreme Leader Snoke, almost a decade ago. Things had been different then. There had been less coldness, less cruelty in both Ren and Hux. There had been ideals, hopes, and dreams. Secrets waiting to be uncovered and wounds from childhood that still hadn't healed all the way yet. There had even been slivers of innocence buried in the turmoil that would arise between the two young men, barely out of boyhood, the awkardness of their teen years not far behind them. The sort of things that stories are told about. Hux was barely a legal adult at the time, raised by staunch supporters of the Old Empire and trained at the last Imperial Academy in the galaxy. He hungry to prove himself to his family and the Supreme Leader. To lead the way to a new Empire. His hunger had paid off, Hux had risen through the sparsely populated ranks with astonishing speed and now he had his chance. "General, everything is going as planned. But we have many careful years of preparation ahead of us. We cannot afford mistakes nor for our resources to be compromised. I will be adding an additional resource to your arsenal," Snoke gestures to the shadowed side of his meeting chamber. From the darkness steps a figure cloaked in black robes from head to toe and with an ominous mask covering their face. "This is my apprentice, Kylo Ren. He is the master of the Knights of Ren and well versed in the ways of the Force." Hux allows his eyebrows to raise slightly. A Force user? He briefly thinks about a history lesson from his time at the Academy about how the infamous Darth Vader had worked so closely with Grand Moff Tarkin. This would be... interesting. He glances back at Snoke, waiting to see if there is more. "He holds the same rank as you," Snoke says, as if he has read Hux's mind. "I expect you two to work together, to the additional support, both political and financial, that the First Order needs to reach its full potential. There is much work to be done still, including wiping out the last Jedi. I expect you two to work together and bring us victory." "Yes Supreme Leader," Hux promises; the Knight says nothing, merely inclining his helmet in acknowledgement of Snoke's words. 'This was all planned', Hux realizes as he leaves the room with the Knight following him like a fearsome shadow. Hux has his misgivings about the Knight being equal to him in rank without a formal title, but for now he keeps that to himself. *** Kylo Ren proves to be very capable, cruel, and efficient. Although, sometimes he grates on Hux's nerves. He is aggressive and reckless where Hux is cautious and structured. They have two very different viewpoints on strategy and, more often than not, those differences come out from Ren in the form of a sarcastic answer for everything. Some quip or retort and Hux is glad that he sees little of the Knight for the first month. The other man has free reign to do as he pleases after all. They see each other at officer meetings and occasionally pass each other in the hall of the great Star Destroyer that is their main base. Hux becomes curious about this man he is working with. He never sees Ren without his mask. Hux isn't sure if it is a matter of guarding his identity, an aesthetic, or something essential. The other man might as well be a ghost, or some sort of ghoul if you were to hear the troops talk about him. Ren doesn't eat with the rest of the crew or the other officers in the mess hall, nor does he actively participate in drills or go to the gym like many of the troopers did. There is a certain stigma about Knight Lords, one well earned, given their dramatic history and fights with the Jedi and their influence in the old Empire. But by and far, they seemed mostly like trained attack animals. Useful to a point and dangerous to boot. He doesn't even know how old the Knight is, what planet he's from, or what he looks like. Kylo Ren is a guarded, mysterious being. So Hux does some digging. And when he finds nothing, he requests one of their intelligence specialists to assist him and swears them to secrecy. A month passes and Hux doesn't hear from the specialist, perhaps Ren is more of a ghost then they'd anticipated. Then something interesting happens: there is some palpable change in the Knight. He becomes more short tempered, easily agitated. Officers and other troopers who were already wary of him avoided him entirely. Hux isn't sure what has caused the shift in Ren's attitude, but it is starting to affect morale. The Knight starts to openly argue with him, challenging and questioning Hux's techniques and strategies. The breaking point is after one particularly bad reconnaissance mission and Kylo Ren destroys the first of many consoles to come in the following years. Hux loses his patience and the two men end up screaming at each other in front of the crew on the bridge. Hux refuses to be intimidated by the Force user, even as Kylo Ren holds the fritzing lightsaber in hand and dangerously close to Hux's face. Their confrontation ends in a stale mate, as Captain Phasma physically steps between them, miraculously having an incredibly urgent task for each of them to tend to, on opposite ends of the ship. Secretly, Hux is glad that the older woman stepped in, Phasma has the ability to diffuse almost any situation and Hux finds her remarkably dependable. He and Ren go their separate ways and Hux doesn't see the Knight for nearly a week. *** It's a ridiculous hour in the morning and, in black issued sweats, Hux heads down to the gym. He doesn't get to go very often and work on his fighting skills or anything else. He's good with his blaster but his closed quarter combat technique could use work. Especially as they're going to start going into more hostile territory. Hux refuses to become a General who depends on others to defend him. Usually the gym is empty at this time. Occasionally he's found Captain Phasma doing squats with ridiculous amounts of weight on the bar, or some of the other officers on the treadmills or free weights. Tonight is different. Hux walks into the gym and is greeted by the sound of something snapping in half. He scans the area and finds one other person there. It's another young man with black hair, someone Hux has never seen before. Granted, he's not seen half the troopers so it's entirely possible this might be one of their special forces. The young man is so engrossed in his motions that he doesn't seem to notice Hux's entrance. Hux watches with curiosity as the other man performs several different kicks and punches against one of the bags. He's shirtless and sweating from the intensity of the workout and makes small 'huph' noises as he hits the bags. That's when Hux realizes what the noise was when he entered, there is another punching back laying a little ways off, ripped clear off the chain and burst open, its filling spilling out onto the floor. That's something even Phasma struggles to do and Hux is pretty sure she could pick him up and bench press him if she wanted. The other man is moving now, his foot work is complicated as he moves about on the mat. He's been doing this for some time, the steps almost look like a dance and then ten of training bots start to advance on the dark haired man. Hux frowned, typically those were used for battle simulations and training runs. The dark haired man stills and closes his eyes, hands hanging at his side and taking slow, deep breaths. The droids surround him. Some have blasters, others have shock batons and Hux can't for the life of him figure out what the end goal is with this; even Phasma would have a hard time with ten. There is a hum that makes the hair on the back of his neck stand on end and suddenly a red blade is tearing through the air and half the droids are destroyed, the other man performing some nimble acrobatics to avoid the rest before throwing them back against the wall and blocking their blasts with his light saber and sending them back at the droids. As the robots collapse, he straightens and deactivates his saber. Hux feels the bottom of his stomach drop out. So this is Kylo Ren. He was remarkably easy on the eyes, Hux would have certainly thought that the Knight was horribly disfigured given how fiercely he guarded his face. But no, the damnable man had to be almost attractive. He's all muscle beneath that black fabric he normally wears. Hux realizes then that the Knight hasn't moved since the last droid fell. Ren's back is to him still and Hux takes a slow step backwards, pressing himself against the wall. He isn't necessarily afraid of the Knight, but he doesn't think that after their screaming match Ren would be very keen on being spied upon. Not that Hux intentionally was, but it certainly looked that way. Finally Ren moves again, his footsteps taking him away from where Hux is hiding and the General takes the chance to leave before he is discovered. *** Kylo Ren counted the footsteps that left, listening to the gait. He hadn't been sure who it was at first, but now he was. Hux. It was probably a coincidence; after all, few people came to work out at this hour, which was why he liked it. No one needed to know what he looked like and he didn't want an audience as he practiced. His quarters were not quite big enough to practice some of the more complicated lightsaber techniques so he'd reluctantly come here. He waited a few more minutes to make sure Hux was gone before leaving as well. What a hassle. Stupid General. Stupid, arrogant man. Ren punched a wall as he left. Although Ren wasn't sure what he should have expected. His Master had told him that the next several years would be a test of his will, dedication and his abilities. So far the only thing it was testing was was his patience. Hux was too cautious, too slow to act. He missed so many opportunities and, if they ever planned to make the First Order into something that was to be feared, Hux needed to take more chances. It did not help that the second the Supreme Leader had introduced them to each other, Ren's stomach had flip-flopped and he had been flooded with some sort of absurd relief. Hux wasn't some old general who would treat him like a dog, but someone his own age! It had been years since Ren had worked with a peer that wasn't two decades older than him. Older beings tended to judge him by his age and they were cruel. They tended to abuse their seniority and those below them. The Knights were a prime example of just how wrong a seniority based system could go wrong. It had been a bloody fight for Ren to become the youngest leader of the Knights. It had taken the better part of a year, killing his way up the chain of command as the other men and women of the Knights refused to acknowledge him unless it was in the form of a threat or worse. Being Snoke's apprentice was even worse, though Ren doesn't permit himself the luxury of examining his misgivings about his Master often. The Supreme Leader is old and ruthless, controlling everyone around him by fear. Kylo Ren feels like he has ice in his stomach every time he is in his Master's presence, even when it is just a hologram. The relief he felt when he was told he would be tasked with assisting Hux and the First Order had been overwhelming. To not be under his Master's thumb, to be far away from him and everything that came with being Snoke's apprentice. He would take Hux's pig headedness every day of the year. He could see why the Supreme Leader had chosen Hux to lead the First Order. The other man was passionate, born into a family of once proud Generals of the Old Empire. He believed that the Old Empire had been in the right, that overthrowing it had been an act of treason. He really did believe it. Every time he spoke, his conviction showed in his expressions. Kylo Ren was surprised that Hux didn't have a physical aura radiating around him from the force of his conviction. That sort of power, that charisma, was attractive to everyone, and Ren was no exception. The physical attraction had come almost immediately however. Hux was lean and pale, and Ren is sure that he bruises easily, the thought of leaving marks on that canvas makes Ren's mouth water. And his fingers itched to pull and twist on Hux's fiery orange red hair. It that had taken all he had to crush the feeling of sheer animal attraction down. It is easy enough when Hux is being stupid, but when the General is standing on the bridge, back straight and staring out into the stars, Ren finds it difficult. They are barely into their twenties, the awkwardness of their teenage years behind them but the hormones haven't left. It isn't like Ren has had a lot of time to indulge the desires and curiosity of his youth, not on his terms at least. Perhaps that had been part of this too? A test of his restraint? While the Knight were not bound by the archaic chastity laws of the Jedi, he was fairly certain that Snoke would frown upon him forming any sort of relationship with any of his fellow comrades. Especially his favored General. Other thoughts started to rise up in his mind, darker ones. Ren shook his head as if to physically shake them away as he stepped into his quarters. It did little good. The door slid shut behind him and he leaned back against it. "Fuck," he whispered in the darkness. His emotions were swirling about dangerously. Impulses that he'd not indulged in a long time were teasing at his imagination. It had been a long time since he had given into anything for himself. For so long his focus had been his Master and the Knights. His thoughts turned darker again. Ren sighed heavily and went to shower off. *** He continued to avoid the General, trying to stay at the opposite end of the ship. He took to working more with Captain Phasma and if she thought something was off, she didn't voice it. He could feel a slow burn starting at the back of his mind that no amount of meditating would allow to disperse. He went to the gym every night now, forgoing sleep for days at a time, trying to exhaust himself. Trying to desperately extinguish the fire that was continuing to grow in the back of his mind. Each time he goes though, he feels the prick of eyes on his back. Sometimes the feeling comes immediately, sometimes not until hours later. Ren isn't sure if he can chalk these 'observations' up to coincidences anymore. Not every single time. But he pretends to never notice the eyes on him. He ignores it. He ignores the red haired General watching him. He tries to keep his imagination in check, lest he read too much into it. Lest he look for something that certainly isn't there. *** It's been nearly three weeks since their confrontation and they're still avoiding each other. Hux knows they're both acting like children, but he doesn't care either. If avoiding Ren means fewer repair costs, then that is a sacrifice he's willing to make. That console had not been cheap to replace. Hux knows they'll have to work together again eventually, but for now he doesn't want to force the matter. He feels almost like some sort of voyeur watching the Knight as he's been doing. Hux knows that all he has to do is not go there, but every time he tells himself that he ends up there. He doesn't know what he finds so fascinating about the Knight. Perhaps its seeing his face in that expression of concentration, seeing Ren's face always takes his breath away, there is something so rewarding about watching the expressions shift, especially since for the first month Hux had been very much convinced that Ren's helmet was attached to his skull. Or it may have been simply to learn more about the other, watching how he moves without the billowing robes and mask. Watching him move naturally, like some sort of wildlife photographer. That thought always makes Hux chuckle to himself. There are far worse things Hux could watch, he tells himself. He makes up excuses and goes again. He's going to work out, he tells himself. And yet he is disappointed when he doesn't find the Knight there. Hux sighs, and idly touches one of the suspended punching bags. It can't be that hard to hit one proper, can it? Hux has had some experience with throwing punches, but he knows he's not efficient, or even very good at it. No time like the present. He hits the bag as hard as he can and is surprised when his knuckles and wrist twanged in complaint about the impact and the bag barely moves. Hux frowns and tries again. The bag wobbles slightly. He swings again and his hand never connects. "You're doing it wrong," Ren is standing beside him, holding the arm he was punching with, stopping it from hitting the bag. "You're going to break your hand and your wrist at this rate." Hux stares at the Knight, not sure when he got there, or if he'd been there the whole time. Ren is in his usual black sweat pants, a long sleeved black shirt and without that stupid helmet. The Knight also has a very exasperated look on his face. "Wrist straight," Ren is pushing Hux's arm into the proper position. "Pull your elbow back, not too far. Just before you hit, twist your fist, it'll add extra momentum to your blow." Ren is moving Hux's arm through the motions. "Put your torso into it, twist at your hips, you'll push your opponent back more when your blow connects." the Knight moves around Hux, like a teacher would. "You're too stiff," Ren complains as he tries to nudge Hux's feet into a proper fighting stance. Hux is still too gobsmacked to properly formulate a response. "Don't be stiff, you'll get knocked backwards in an instant. Lastly, and this is important," he takes Hux's fist again and brings it to rest against the bag, "don't leave your fist at the sight of impact. You either go through or you pull back, otherwise the energy of your blow comes back on you. You'll hurt yourself." He jerks Hux's fist back from the bag to emphasize his words. "Does that make sense?" Hux glances at the Knight, desperately hoping he doesn't have some stupid expression on his face, "I think so." His heart is racing, mostly because outside of their screaming match this is the most Ren has ever said to him in a single sitting. Ren nods, "Okay, hit the bag now." He crosses his arms, his expression one of great concentration. Hux takes a deep breath and holds it as he moves, but Ren stops him. "Breathe. Don't hold your breath, it doesn't help. You aren't sniping your opponent, you're punching them in the face. Try again." His tone isn't sharp or even frustrated, but remarkably patient. There is none of his usual snark. Hux lets his breath go, takes another in and exhales it. On the third breath he moves, punching the bag with a grunt. It swings significantly more and Hux glances at Ren, telling himself he doesn't care about the Knight's approval, but can't deny that he's pleased when Ren nods. "Much better. Find the time to practice and a sparing partner and you'll be in good shape." As if to demonstrate his point, Ren moves, a fluid blur and his fist connects with the bag and it swings wildly. He shifts his weight and strikes four more times in quick succession, ending the series of punches with a front kick that makes the bag swing upwards to the ceiling and the chains holding it clang and creak ominously. "Well you're here now, why don't you spar with me? You're clearly much better at this then I am," Hux suggests as he steps out of the way of the bag as its swinging slows. This request seems to shock Ren as he blinks in surprise. "If... If you would like." "I think it would improve our working relationship if we can learn from each other," Hux elaborates, trying to tread carefully. For a second he sees a flicker of disappointment cross Ren's face. Oh yes, he likes Ren much better without the mask hiding his face. But why the disappointment? "Of course. You're right," the Knight puts a hand to his forehead, brow furrowing. "Something wrong?" Hux carefully pries. "No... " Hux doesn't believe the answer but he doesn't press the Knight. Ren shows him a few more things that night before they part ways and Hux almost can't believe that this is the same man who he had a screaming match with earlier in the month. Kylo Ren of all people seems to be a remarkable teacher. Hux is fairly certain that this a text book case of 'irony'. *** Ren's heart is in his throat as he leaves the gym. He's not sure what he's gotten himself into. He couldn't very well just let Hux sit there and hurt himself. It was almost pitiful that the General who Snoke had so much pride in had no idea how to throw a punch. But he'd not expected to touch Hux as much as he did. Ren went out of his way to never touch anyone so casually. But his positioning of Hux's body had not been casual, it was almost intimate and Ren was surprised that Hux let him. But Hux had also listened to him, had acknowledged that Ren knew what he was talking about. No one had really done that before, but Ren doubted it would cross over into their officer meetings or tactical discussions. That would be too lucky. *** Hux starts to see more of the Knight during their working hours. During this time the man is aggravating as ever and makes Hux want to try one of those punches on the Knight's face. Nothing seems to be consistent with Kylo Ren or he's purposely trying to aggravate Hux. But in the early morning hours it is as if Hux is working with someone entirely different. The Knight is calm, and never insults or belittles him as they train. Ren pushes him just enough and his touch is surprisingly light as he corrects Hux's poor form. It's an oddly exhilarating experience and one that Hux finds himself looking forward to more and more. Even when Ren has just destroyed another console only hours earlier, he is entirely relaxed and focused during their training. Hux has to admit that Ren, despite his temper during the working day, is an excellent teacher. *** It's taken a careful few weeks of work but Ren finally felt comfortable doing some light sparring with Hux. He didn't want to humiliate the General and send their tumultuous relationship down another dead end. He also knows that unless they actually trade blows, Hux will never learn. Punching a bag is one thing, a moving opponent is another. He's seen Hux's expression when they're training, the General is enjoying himself, happy to learn. Perhaps the man isn't as ridged as Ren had originally thought. He's a good student, but he is so highly structured in his learning approach that it takes several times of explicit demonstrations for the concepts to sink in. Perhaps that is why Hux prefers his blaster as his main weapon. The gun is predictable and there is an exact way of cleaning it and working with it and never any deviation. Or perhaps Hux is more clever then Ren is giving him credit. Ren can't imagine he enjoys the corrections and the repositioning into proper form. Every time Ren goes to touch Hux, to correct him or show him a better way to move, he has to crush down that quiver in the pit of his stomach. He's almost glad that they'll be sparring tonight, he won't be getting too close to the General. He doesn't plan on even throwing any punches at Hux, the last thing they needed was for the General to be walking around with a bruised face. That would cause rumors and even more discord. For now he'll just be blocking Hux's attacks, perhaps showing him a feint or a clever way to flip and disable his opponent. He blocks most of Hux's blows, dodging others and letting a few graze past him, as they circle each other. Ren is letting his thoughts wander, and not really paying attention. "Faster now, most of your physical confrontations will last less then five minutes. You want to be faster than them, you want to end it quickly and not exhaust yourself as you might have to escape or have additional opponents." Hux is nodding in understanding and he lunges at Ren, his face one of concentration. Ren side steps him and blocks the blows again. He wasn't quite expecting Hux to counter so quickly. The General fakes him out and one of his punches manages to connect with Ren's face at full force. Ren staggers backwards, stunned and goes down on one knee. He was lazy, he should've been able to block that. He swears quietly, spitting blood out of his mouth, his fingers going to his face to figure out where he's bleeding from. He hears Hux swear, apparently the General wasn't expecting for his hit to connect either. "Are you all right? Let me see," Hux is crouching in front of him and pulling his hands away, and Ren lets him. "Shit, I didn't mean to hit you that hard, I thought you were going to block it. Good thing you always wear that helmet. People might talk," Hux is babbling as he tilts Ren's head to the side and Ren almost smiles. "I think you need stitches." "I don't need stitches, it's only a broken lip. I've had far worse from far crueler people," Ren says, closing his eyes. He lets himself savor the other man's touch, it sends a shiver through him. Hux's fingers are tracing over his lips, smearing the blood as he examines the wound. What he doesn't expect is for warm lips to press against his bloody ones. Ren's eyes fly open and he jerks back, falling on his rear and knocking Hux off balance as he does. The General lands on top of him. They're practically lying on top of each other. Ren's eyes are wide and he's sure that the expression on his face is one of pure panic. Hux is staring down at him, his own lips smeared with the blood from Ren's, he looks surprised and almost a bit frightened. "Hux... " Ren moves his hands in front of himself, he means to push the General off or away, something, anything. Instead his hands rest on the General's flushed face, cupping it as a thumb traces Hux's lips. To his surprise, Hux turns his face into the palm of one of Ren's hands and places a kiss on the center of Ren's palm. Ren is sure his heart is going to explode in his chest. His breathing is loud in his own ears and he realizes he's shaking. Hux gazes down at the Knight, brow knitting slightly at the expression on Ren's face. "Are you afraid?" he asks, voice soft. Ren's eyes are wide and his pupils are strangely dilated. "Yes," the word is barely audible and Ren is shaking. "Don't be," Hux leans down and places his lips over Ren's again. The Knight doesn't pull away, but Hux feels his entire body tremble and then fingers knot in his hair and Ren starts to kiss him back with a small moan. Hux hadn't planned this, but if he had it could not have been more perfect. The urge just came over him and for once in his life, Hux was impulsive. He feels something uncoil inside himself and sighs into the kiss. Even if it is just a hormonal desire, at least it seems to be mutual. Hux doesn't quite know if his feelings are entirely lust based or if he's actually growing fond of the Knight since he's found this other side of him. It makes him wonder what else Kylo Ren has been hiding about himself. And why? Then Ren is pushing him back, breaking the kiss with a gasp. "Get off me Hux," his voice is soft and pained. "Ren-" "Please." Something about that word, Hux isn't sure if it's the tone or the expression on Ren's face. There is terror in those dark eyes and longing. So much longing. Hux has so many questions, too many. Hux rolls off the Knight and sits next to him, watching him. Ren isn't looking at him, his gaze is fixed on the ceiling as his chest heaves. "Are you okay?" Hux asks, almost feeling like he's back at the Academy and he's committed some sort of first timer's blunder. Ren brings a trembling hand to cover his eyes, his breath coming fast and harsh. Then he quickly sits up, letting his hand fall to his side. "Okay. I'm okay," he seems to be saying the words more to himself then Hux. He stands, wobbling for a second and Hux stands with him. "Ren?" he asks, worried now because the Knight doesn't seem 'okay'. "I'm fine. I'm fine," the Knight is distracted and he won't look at Hux. "I... I have to go." Ren practically runs from the gym, leaving Hux alone there. *** The Knight locked the door to his quarters as it slid shut behind him. A hand was over his mouth to hide any sounds that might escape. Slowly he sank to the ground, the feeling of Hux's lips against his seared into his memory. Why was he so frightened of the feeling of desire being mutual? Instantly he knows the reasons, and ignores the darker ones in favor of the obvious disaster that it could be. He and Hux hardly get along, it would be toxic at best. If they were to be found out it could be disastrous. Hux could lose his position, and Snoke would come up with some punishment for his Apprentice. It could dismantle the entire First Order, make them vulnerable. But by the Maker Ren wants to feel Hux's body on top of his again. It felt natural, it felt right, as if the redheaded General is some sort of missing puzzle piece that had tumbled into place. Right into Ren's lap. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," the Knight whispers, pressing fingers to his temples, trying to clear his mind. Trying to calm himself, to find solace in the Dark Side of the Force. To find comfort in pain, fear, and hatred. It did little good, and only made him long for the sensation of Hux's lips against his again. *** Hux doesn't see Ren for several days after that. He finds out from Captain Phasma that the Knight has been assisting her with training. Hux asks how Ren works with the troops and the Captain laughs, "They're terrified of him so they listen. But he's a good teacher, I'm surprised." "Thank you for the report, Captain." Hux dismisses her from his office and pulls his hands through his hair. There were a million questions on his mind. None of which he could directly confront Ren about. He has to tread carefully here, because things can easily go very wrong. Is this even worth the risk? Hux doesn't know. All he knows for certain is that Kylo Ren kissed him back, however briefly. Is it one of those celibacy things? Or perhaps Ren was a virgin? Neither would surprise Hux, cults tended to have strange obligations of their followers and he definitely considers both the Jedi and the Knight two sides of the same culty coin. Hux has no idea what sort of line he crossed and doesn't know if he's able to step back from it. He's never fraternized with a comrade this closely before. His previous relationships had always been people he didn't work directly with. There was a certain danger in having the same profession as one's partner. When he had been at the Academy there had been a girl who had been training to be a medic and later there had been a young man who was specializing in programming algorithms. The latter had ended in disaster and Hux had steered clear of long term commitments since then. And if he pursued something with Ren it could indeed be a very, very long term commitment. Or they could just fuck. That might be preferable actually. If only he weren't so concerned about the Knight's reaction to his advances last time. Perhaps the best course of action was no action at all. He'd made his move, he'd been the aggressor. He had to see if Ren would match him before he advanced further. *** Hux goes back to the gym each night, hoping that Ren might be there. For four nights the Knight is absent so the General makes use of the punching bags, frustrated at himself. It's on the fifth night that Hux goes and finds Ren sitting in the center of the sparring mats. His eyes are closed and legs crossed, hands resting idly in his lap. For a moment Hux thinks the other man is asleep, this is perhaps the calmest he's ever seen Ren. He hesitates, debating leaving, but then he walks across the mats, his bare feet padding softly and he sits across from the Knight. A faint smile touches Ren's face, Hux blinks and it's gone. He's certain he imagined it. "Tonight we'll start working on throws and grappling," Ren opens his eyes and Hux can't tell what he sees there. Ren's voice is perfectly level, and it unnerves Hux a bit. "You don't need to be bigger than your opponent, just faster and know how to use their body and momentum against them. Throws will allow you to escape bad situations quickly and grappling will allow you to subdue your opponent, useful if you wish to keep them alive. Shall we begin?" Hux nods and they both stand. "The simplest moves are sometimes the most effective. You can even overpower a Wookie if you apply the right techniques," Ren explains. "Come at me," he motions for Hux to attack, and cautiously the General does. Ren sidesteps him and in the last moment grabs Hux's fist and flips him. Hux hits the mats hard on his back, coughing. "Simple physics. Their momentum works against them. All it takes is that additional tug to send them off course." He pulls Hux up to his feet, his hand lingering on the General's shoulder for a moment. "It is trickier if they are expecting it however, that is where joint manipulation comes in. But we will save that for later," Ren moves to stand in front of Hux again. "You also have the option of a hip and shoulder throw," he places a hand on Hux's shoulder clenching the fabric of his shirt and one on the waistband of his pants and Hux feels his breathing hitch. "With this move you need to drop your hips and stay low to keep your balance, and you can send most attackers flying." Hux nods, swallowing. So this was what they were doing then. Letting it go, it never happened. That was good, that was for the best. It was the mature thing to do. But then ... why was he so disappointed? Ren shows him a few other steps and then moves to sparring. Throws have to be practiced, they can't be drilled with a punching bag. Hux finds himself getting flipped onto his back and sent sprawling over and over again. "You're not concentrating," Ren admonishes, his tone damnably gentle. It actually makes Hux a bit angry, he wants to hit the Knight in his face. He picks himself up with a grunt, taking a deep breath and turns to face the Knight again. He focuses on moving faster this time, not allowing Ren to grab hold of him. The next time Ren goes forward to throw him, Hux sidesteps like the Knight has taught him, grabbing Ren's outstretched hand and flings him with all the force he can muster. Ren hits the ground hard and coughs, the wind knocked out of him. He's aware that Hux is pinning him and feels a fleeting panic. He doesn't move until Hux is still above him, closing his eyes and focusing on getting air back in his lungs. "Very good, you're getting better," he tells Hux, opening his eyes to stare up at the General. As they've worked together Hux has become a quick study. The other man nods but says nothing. They just stare at each other. Ren closes his eyes so he doesn't have to stare into Hux's piercing green ones. Slowly, he gathers the Force around him. It doesn't take much to overpower the General, and in a matter of seconds Ren has their positions flipped. Hux's eyes are wide with surprise and then Ren is kissing him. One of the Knight's hands cupping that pale face the other moving to trace and explore Hux's torso, slipping under his shirt to let ice cold finger tips trace over his chest and abdomen. Hux makes a noise of surprise and Ren kisses him harder, biting at his lower lip threatening to draw blood before pulling back and gazing down at Hux. They're both panting and Hux is the first to speak, his voice a whisper. "Do you want... ?" He can't finish the question, he doesn't know how to. "Yes," Ren's voice has dropped impossibly low, and it sends vibrations through Hux. The Knight's eyes are dilated and this time there is no fear in his expression, just hunger. Like a man starved. Hux leans up to meet Ren's lips and his hands slid under Ren's shirt, tugging it up. The Knight makes a noise of complaint as their kiss is broken as the shirt is pull off him, but he takes the hint and pulls Hux's shirt off as well. For several long seconds he gazes down at the other man, tracing finger tips along his collar bones and down his sternum. Drinking in the sight of him. Ren leans down to let his breath tease Hux's lips, denying him a kiss and biting at his collar bone. Hux make a little moaning noise and Ren kisses his neck, panting in the other man's ear. His hands are lightly clawing at Hux's abdomen as his lips move all over the other man's neck and chest, leaving a scatter plot of red bite marks. Finally their lips meet again and Hux rolls them so he's on top again and he grinds his hips against Ren's, the Knight makes a small noise, gasping and arching his back. His hands grip helplessly at air before they move to clutch at Hux's forearms. Hux presses a kiss to the Knight's neck, rocking against him still. Ren whines, his finger nails digging into Hux's arms. "Are you all right? With this?" Hux asks, placing a kiss below Ren's ear and watching the shudder go through him. Ren swallows heavily, his mouth opens but no sound comes out. Hux kisses him, his tongue fussing at where he had broken Ren's lip earlier that week, trying to coax a response, one way or the other from the Knight. Ren kisses him back for a second and then breaks the kiss. One hand lets go of Hux's arm and reaches up to stroke his face. The Knight nods once before pulling Hux back down into a kiss. Hux moves one hand to grip Ren's hair, pulling his head back to expose his neck. He could give as good as Ren had given him, marking him in red welts, briefly he wonders if the Knight has a fetish for that sort of thing, but decides against breaching that topic at a time like this, especially when Ren is grinding against him. Instead, Hux traces his lips and tongue down the pale, untouched skin. He watches the Knight's muscles quiver and the breath catch in his throat as a moan comes from his lips. Hux pulls back to stare at the man below him and Ren's hands fall to claw at the mats beneath them. He's dimly aware that they should move their 'activities' to somewhere more private, but he can't seem to take his eyes off the dark haired man writhing beneath him. By the Maker, he never would have thought that the Knight would have been so ... responsive. By and large most people don't get an impression of sexuality from Knight or Jedi, as if they're removed from those baser instincts. Hux is quite happy to find that stereotype isn't true. He traces a hand over Ren's chest and down to his hips, letting his nails leave small trails, but not enough to bruise or break skin. The Knight keens under his touches, dark eyes closed and head thrown back in bliss. In this moment, Hux is certain that it is the most beautiful thing he's seen in a long time. He places a kiss on Ren's stomach and moves down his body. A hand resting at the waist band of Ren's sweatpants as Hux presses his lips against the outline of the Knight's straining cock. Teasing of what was to come. What he does not expect is for the Knight to Force throw him off with a panicked cry of "NO!" that echos throughout the gym. Hux tries to move but can't, and he realizes he can't, Ren is restraining him. He glances at the Knight, confused, but doesn't fight the restraint. Usually people don't have that sort of reaction to the idea of a blowjob. Ren was half crouched, his posture has shifted from entirely open to one of defense. He's shaking, his hand outstretched still from his movement of throwing Hux off him. There's a mantra of protest screaming in his head and it is taking everything he can do to keep himself in check. Slowly he drops his hand, releasing his hold on the General and looks away. He wants to run from the room, but finds himself rooted to the floor by his own fear. He should have never let it get to this. This was a mistake. Ren's heart is pounding in his ears and he hears Hux slowly approaching him. He takes a deep breath, trying not to hyperventilate. "Ren?" Hux's hand touches his shoulder and he flinches away, standing. He doesn't look at Hux and is desperately trying to ignore what has now become a very awkward hard on. Silence falls between them and then Hux reaches out to touch him again, this time fingertips graze along the small of his back. Ren snaps. He whirls on the General, pulling the Force around him, the darkness of his fear and pain and with it he grabs Hux by the throat, lifting him into the air. His arm mimics the motion and he sees fear on Hux's face and he chokes the other man. "I am not your pet " Ren spits the word. "I am not your plaything ." He's shaking as he speaks, his eyes blurring slightly with tears. "I am not weak and I will not be used by the likes of you ." He knows what Hux thinks of him, if he isn't a tool to be used and manipulated, he's a liability. That's all Hux thinks of him and it is stupid to believe that the other's opinion might have changed. From their first meeting, he'd seen the General envision Grand Moff Tarkin holding the metaphorical leash of Lord Vader. Ren refuses to become that. He will never be controlled by someone less than him. He will surpass Vader, he will be a Master of himself. Hux is gasping for air, clawing at his throat in an effort to pull the invisible hand off. It would be so easy for Ren to just kill him now. But that would mean being sent back to Snoke, being under the Supreme Leader's thumb again. Ren doesn't think he can take that. With a snarl of frustration he drops his hold on Hux, turning away and snatching up his discarded shirt as the other man falls to the ground. Air has never been such a luxury, and Hux coughs as he tries to pick himself up off the mats. His legs are wobbly, his equilibrium thrown off and he staggers to his feet. "What the fuck, Ren?" he yells, his voice cracking from the abuse to his throat. He's angry and confused beyond belief. The Knight is pulling his shirt back on and gives him a dangerous glance that warns Hux to keep his distance. This time he does and he stares at the Knight's back, watching his body tremble. Wait... was Ren... crying? Hux puts a hand to his forehead in exasperation. "Would you mind telling me, what the fuck that was about?" He can't keep the aggravation out of his voice, but at least he isn't yelling. "I believe I was crystal clear," the Knight's voice is low and steady, despite his shaking. "There is nothing to elaborate on." "The hell there isn't Ren!" Hux is so mad he can't even articulate it. "I don't appreciate being accused of things. I know I'm an asshole but damn it Ren-" "And I am no fool!" The Knight whirls on him, his face contorted in rage. "You might be able to woo and manipulate everyone else but not me! I will not let you!" "Ren what the hell are you talking about?" He feels his control on his own temper slipping. "The only thing I was planning on manipulating was your cock, you paranoid fuck! You are reading into that almost blow job way too much and you're projecting whatever psychosis is in your fucked up mind onto everyone else!" He's screaming now and Ren, to his surprise, flinches away, but doesn't back down. Interesting how much more exposed the Knight is when he doesn't have a helmet to hide behind. Hux doesn't let up, he's on a roll now. "You are an egotistical, self-centered, cult raised brat! You can't keep your temper worth a damn, and everyone's terrified of you because you parade around like a fucking reaper! You're so wrapped up in whatever twisted vendetta you have against the Jedi that you can't even see what's going on right in front of your face! You let paranoia control you to the point where you can't even have a sexual encounter without losing your fucking shit! I mean if this is what being Force sensitive is all about then fuck it, the First Order doesn't need you! You can go back the Snoke and the Knights and whatever Knight cult you're into because all you do is cause discord and fear! And that is not how you build up support! That is the antithesis of getting support because all that does is encourages people to rise up against you because they fucking hate you!" Hux is gasping for breath; his face is probably red enough to match his hair now. Ren though, Ren almost looks like he's shrunk somehow. It's quiet except for Hux's ragged breathing. "As you will, General," Ren says quietly and the brushes past him to leave the room. Hux stands there in bewilderment for a few seconds before grabbing his own shirt off the floor and pulling it back on. He turns to leave and almost runs into a blonde woman. "Captain," he acknowledges her but says nothing and he prays to the Maker that she hasn't overheard what just transpired. "General," Phasma snaps to attention as he they step around each other. If she sees the marks on his neck she doesn't say anything and Hux lets a sigh of relief out as she moves to the weight rack to begin setting up for her own work out. *** Hux doesn't see or hear from Kylo Ren for several days. He isn't sure if the Knight is even on the ship still and Hux doesn't want to take the time to hunt him down. Instead he calls the Captain to his office, Ren has gravitated to her in the past, and perhaps he has now. As she steps into his office, Hux sets the privacy barrier to ON. No one needs to know what they're about to discuss. "At ease Captain, you can remove your helmet." He motions for her to sit across from him. "I would rather stand, sir," she says as the helmet comes off, she tucks it under one arm. "Has Ren been around your division lately?" "No, sir." She's frowning as she gives the answer. Hux doesn't like that, but now he's not sure how to proceed. If Ren isn't there, he's not sure where else the Knight is, he's unpredictable, even on good days. But nothing has been destroyed, Hux almost wishes something would get broken, if they were lucky they would be able to follow the trail of destruction to the Knight. "Requesting permission to speak freely sir," Phasma's voice brings Hux out of his thoughts. He sighs, but nods, granting it. "Go ahead." She hesitates and then sits in the chair he previously offered her, setting her helmet in her lap and stares at him, calculating what she's about to say. Figuring out how much trouble it will get her into. "You should not have yelled at him, sir," she finally says. Hux swears, covering his face with his hands. That was what he was afraid of, she HAD overheard. "I haven't told anyone, sir," she continues. "I never will, what you do on your time is your own business. But you really should not have yelled at him." "Did you somehow miss the part where he was going to choke me to death?" Hux rubs his temples in frustration. "And did you miss how frightened he was?" Phasma counters. Hux looks at her with a frown. "He's a delusional paranoid." "He's a child, same as you." "I am not." She makes a 'psht' sound and shakes her head. "Why are boys always so Maker-foresaken stupid?" she mutters, more to herself then Hux and he glares at her. She sighs heavily and looks back at him. "You know nothing about him, we don't have a psychological profile on him. You could try-" "What am I supposed to do, take him out for coffee? He was going to kill me, Phasma!" "Because he was afraid ," she emphasizes. "Did you ever consider, why? Think about what led up to it. Think about why someone might react as he did, why you yourself would react like that. People don't come with warning labels General. Sometimes the strongest ones are the most broken. They put up an elaborate front so no can see how much they're really hurting. I've seen it in so many recruits come from so many different walks of life, the children we take. Each one comes with a history, some don't even know it yet," her voice has gotten soft and she stands. "So try to have a small bit of compassion General, heed your own words for once and you'll be surprised at how effective they can be." She puts her helmet back on and awaits his dismissal. Hux sighs, and as he stands, there's a knock on his office door. He calls the person it. It's the investigator he sent out over a month ago to find information on Ren. Hux straightens and he notices Phasma doing the same. The investigator's face is unreadable and she sits before Hux stiffly without invitation. "General, not that I'm questioning your judgement, but are you sure you want this file?" she asks, her attention focused entirely on him, as if she doesn't even see the armored trooper beside her. "I am. What did you find?" "Things I won't say out loud," she places the tablet on the desk and slides it across to Hux. He frowns and picks it up, opening the file. As he reads, he feels his throat close up and a tightness in his chest. "No one else knows of this, correct?" "That is correct, sir." "Make sure it stays that way. Thank you for taking the time to do this," he'll see to it that she gets additional compensation. "Dismissed." She nods and leaves without saying a word. "General?" Phasma's hand is resting on her blaster. He knows she'll carry out the order to kill the investigator if he asks her too. Hux puts the tablet down. It feels like a thousand pound weight in his hand. "Damnit," he swears, angry at himself. Furious, even. He should have never trusted the Knight, never gotten close to him. Hux takes a deep breath and looks at the Captain. "Find Kylo Ren. Now. Send him here, immediately." She acknowledges and turns on her heel, leaving the office. Hux skims over the rest of the file, his stomach twisting as he does. He thinks about Phasma's words and tries to believe that there is a middle ground. Tries to hold out hope that they don't have a traitor in their mists. Chapter 3 Notes: As always, thank you to my precious beta Ms Jen <3 Please be mindful, dear readers, that this chapter contains semi-graphic and heavily implied sexual child abuse and attempted suicide. EDIT: The amazing Ola Bishop has blessed this monster of a fic with some very beautiful appreciation fan art for each chapter! These are linked with their permission. Chapter 3 Kylo Ren was hiding. Of course he would never admit it if he was confronted about it, not that anyone would. That was one of the beautiful things about being on a giant star destroyer: there were often places you could go and no one would ever find you. He sighed, leaning against the railing, his helmet was on the floor beside him as he stared out at the vastness of space and tried to draw some solace from it. But the stars and swirling cosmos never held the answers. "Kylo?" A female voice came from behind him. Phasma. He had known she was there, heard her take her helmet off before speaking. That meant things were really a mess. She came to stand next to him and he glanced at her. "Hux wants to see you in his office." He sighed again, hanging his head. "Fuck," he muttered and he heard her snort softly and then one of her gloved hands was lightly patting his shoulder. There was something companionable about the woman. They sparred on occasion and if she was able to take him down and get him in a lock with her legs he was unable to escape. She'd made him black out once because he'd been too proud to tap out. Her tone and personality was like that of an older sister, or at least what Ren imagined an older sister would be like. She teased him when no one was looking and wasn't afraid to call him an idiot, which she had on several occasions. If Kylo Ren had anyone he might call a "friend" it was her. Phasma was one of the few people on the ship who knew his face and one of the even fewer who he allowed himself to casually interact with. "So, on a scale of one to ten, how fucked do you think I am?" "Oh I'd say a solid eleven. But I don't think you're so fucked that he's going to tattle to Snoke. That would raise awkward questions." "Oh no, not awkward questions," Ren's shoulders hunched. He would take a million awkward questions right now. "Fuck," he pulled a hand through his hair. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!" He was shaking, because deep down he wasn't sure if Hux wouldn't turn this around on him. That this wouldn't get back to Snoke and that- "Kylo!" Phasma's voice broke his train of thought and he gasped like a person surfacing from the water. Her hand was firmly on his shoulder now, squeezing it tightly. "Hey, listen to me. You've gotta put this thing with Hux to bed. I don't care if it's literally or metaphorically, but you can't keep doing this. You're going to kill yourself," her voice softened. "Am I that obvious?" he glanced at her. "To me you are, but, I'm pretty sure I have an insider's view," she gave him a sad, tight lipped smile. "I know there's more to this. More I don't know, and I won't ask you to tell me, I know better. But Kylo, for your own sake... " She let the sentence hang and then took her hand off his shoulder. "You know where you can find me if something goes wrong," Phasma put her helmet back on and then turned on her heel. She started to leave but then stopped, half turning back to him. "There was an intelligence agent who came to see Hux. I don't know what about, but be careful Ren." She turned away, leaving the Knight alone again. He turned his gaze back out to space, anxiety eating at his stomach. The last thing Kylo Ren wanted to do was face Hux. The man who he couldn't figure out if he wanted to punch him or kiss him or a bit of both. Hux disarmed him in a way that Ren wasn't used to, made his head spin and his defenses crumble. That terrified the Knight. All it had taken was one kiss, that one gentle kiss with just the right amount of pain and Ren felt intoxicated. So much so that he had strongly entertained the thought of being Hux's attack dog. He would have been willing to wear that heavy collar if it meant that Hux would kiss him like that. But his every instinct screamed against it. He had been used too many times, there was too much hurt that could not, that would not, heal. Seeing Hux after their confrontation last night was bad enough now. The matter of the intelligence agent only added to the trepidation. Slowly he leaned down and picked his helmet back up, fighting down the panic in his throat as he put it back on. He used the fear to draw on the Dark Side of the Force, to try and find some sort of center in the maelstrom of his emotions. *** Hux was glad that it took some time for the Captain to find Ren. That or the Knight had dawdled in coming to his office. Either way, it had given Hux a few hours to regain his calm. To process the information he'd been given and decide how he would approach the Knight. Yelling never seemed to work, it only backfired and made Ren more obstinate. He needed to use patience, which was more difficult then it seemed when it came to Kylo Ren. The other always knew how to aggravate him, how to get under his skin. He needed to be calculated and possibly cruel if this next confrontation demanded it. Had to show just the right amount the monster that he kept carefully tucked away beneath his normal composure. This was going to have to be handled with incredible delicacy. When Ren entered his office, Hux had stood from his desk, keying the code into his tablet that would lock the door behind the Knight. If this bothered Ren he couldn't tell, he could never tell when the Knight wore that mask. "Ren." "Hux." They stared at each other for several long seconds, neither wanting to make the first move. Hux slowly sat back down at his desk, steepling his fingers. "I need to discuss something with you. A rather delicate subject has come to my attention and I cannot ignore it." Ren's nod is barely noticeable, but it is enough; Hux continues. "I have received some ... intelligence. You were not born Kylo Ren. I knew that," he makes a quick dismissive motion with a hand. "I know the Knight and Jedi both take on different names when they reach certain ranks. But what bothers me is that you are not just any Force user." He raises his eyes to stare at Ren, his gaze sharp. "You are Ben Solo, son of Han Solo and Leia Organa. Nephew to Luke Skywalker." Silence follows Hux's words and he can't tell how Ren is processing this. He half expects Ren to kill him then and there on the principle, it's something that the Knight has gone through such great lengths to conceal. When Ren doesn't move, Hux continues. "It makes sense now, the mask, the hood and cloaks. I thought it was some sort of aesthetic, or a tactic to intimidate enemies, but no, it's to conceal who you really are. To make sure that you are unrecognizable, Ben Solo." The man before him (Ben or Ren, Hux isn't sure anymore) does nothing, says nothing in the face of these accusations. Hux doesn't know where the man's loyalties lie, and that worries him. Hux opens his mouth to speak again, but the Knight's deep voice fills the room. "I killed that boy long ago. He was a weak and pathetic child. I did him a kindness by killing him." The words are too evenly measured, Hux knows he's struck a nerve. Ren's hands are clenched into tight fists. He also knows from his own research that Force users are fond of talking in riddles, half truths and elaborate metaphors. "Isn't he lucky then?" Hux rolls his eyes. When he speaks again, it is with words that he hopes will wound the Knight into a reaction. A measured meanness to cut to the heart of the matter. "I don't care so much about what abortion bucket you slithered out of, what I care about is who you are loyal to. The Supreme Leader might have made us equals but I will not have the First Order destroyed by a traitor. I need to trust you, to know that you won't go running back to the shelter of the Resistance the second things get difficult." He sees Ren shift his weight. Finally something, he is getting closer to picking apart this mystery that is Kylo Ren and Ben Solo. Part of him is extremely satisfied in seeing the Knight uncomfortable. "The First Order has no room for weakness, or fear. This is no place for frightened children ," Hux spits the word and stands approaching the Knight. "So this is your out, this is your chance to leave, Ben," he emphasizes the name as he circles the other man. Ren is holding himself so stiffly that Hux is sure that he's stopped breathing. "This is your chance to go home. Back to where you belong, because I will not tolerate disloyalty. I will not have you turning tail and running away when you are scared." Hux reaches out as he comes around behind the Knight and touches the small of his back. That final, measured nudge to unhinge the other. The effect is jaw dropping. A sound of rage that isn't quite human leaves the Knight and Hux finds himself thrown back against the wall of his office and pinned there by invisible hands. "What's this, is the great Kylo Ren afraid?" Hux snarls from where he's pinned. "What could you possibly fear? Or is it that you've been found out?" "Do not talk about things you know nothing of," Ren's voice is angry and Hux wonders if he's gone too far. If he has pushed too much, Kylo Ren isn't exactly known for his incredible stability. "Do not speak to me of loyalty. Of fear. When have you ever known fear? When have you ever been in battle?" Ren is closing the space between them and standing chest to chest with Hux now. "You want to question my loyalty Hux. I am a Knight of Ren, loyal to no one, not the this fantasy that you call the First Order, not even the Supreme Leader. " He doesn't wait for Hux to respond. "We rise in rank by killing our superiors and do not think for a moment that I will not kill you. I merely tolerate you as a convenience." Hux is staring at him, tilting his head. Something isn't right. He can hear it, its faint but he can hear it in Ren's voice. "You're lying," he smirks. "Oh Kylo Ren you are lying!" Its almost comical. His words surprise Ren and the Knight takes several steps back from him. "No you aren't tolerating me, you are afraid. You won't lay a hand on me because you're afraid of your Master. You're afraid of what Snoke will do if you kill me, because let's be honest, you have no idea how to lead. You can't replace me. Your precious Knight values are misdirected, you use them on your allies instead of your enemies. I was right," Hux laughs, almost manic with this revelation. "You are so afraid, that's why you always run," his voice softens. He's curious now, all amusement and incredible cosmic irony aside. "Why?" "You seem to be incapable of leaving well enough alone," Ren's voice is tight. He turns away from Hux and the General finds himself able to move again. Hux blinks, wondering if he's somehow broken the Knight. His words hadn't exactly been kind, the other man brings out the worst in him. But he knows that's a weak justification for being cruel, he should have stopped. He should have listened to Phasma, should have shown some compassion. Suddenly he feels a wave of regret, he's overstepped himself. Hux wishes he could take it back, because something about this is so entirely wrong . What's worse is Hux actually feels guilty about it, because much to his horror he's realizing that perhaps he doesn't hate the Knight as much as he thinks he does. "Shit," he swears, putting a hand to his forehead in exasperation at his own stupidity. Ren knows how to crawl under his skin and bring out the monster hiding beneath. Hux isn't even sure if the Knight does it intentionally at this point. But the fact that he does, Ren might have his fears but this is Hux's. Because he hides something terrible inside him. The monster that destroys everything it touches... But Ren was still there. Why? Even more surprising, Ren had removed his helmet, it was sitting on the floor and the Knight himself was sitting in one of the chairs in front of Hux's desk, elbows resting on his knees and his head in his hands. "Ren?" Hux approaches the other man cautiously. Ren's hands leave his face and he looks straight ahead at the wall behind Hux's desk. His expression is a pained one, as if he's barely containing something terrible. "You asked what could possibly scare me?" Ren's voice is so quiet that Hux has to get closer to properly hear him. "You find my fear of Snoke amusing and accuse me of paranoia. Of treason." "Ren I-" Hux swallows. Oh Maker he's fucked up now. It wasn't supposed to happen like this! It wasn't! He had lost control, had let too much of the cruelty inside himself come out. "I didn't mean-" "I know full well what you meant, General," Ren sounds tired, and looks like he's dead inside and Hux feels a heavy guilt in his chest that he hasn't felt in a long time. "So allow me to eliminate any misunderstandings," Ren extends one arm towards Hux and makes an elaborate motion with his hand. For a moment the General is confused, and he sees a tear race its way down Ren's cheek before darkness consumes him. *** "Please don't send me away!" A child's voice rings out in the darkness. "It's for your own good, Ben. Your Uncle will help you control your powers. You'll be with other kids-" The adult speaking sounds sad, but resolute. "I don't want to be with other kids! I want to be with you two! Please! I want to stay here with you and Mom!" There is fear in the child's tone now. "Please! Please I'll be more careful! I won't break things anymore! Please just don't leave me there! Don't get rid of me! I'll be better, I'll be good I promise!" "I'm so sorry Ben. This is for the best. We love you so much, but we can't help you. You have to listen to your Uncle-" "Please! Don't leave me! Mom! Dad!" The child is sobbing now, desperate. "Chewie! Don't leave me here! Please don't leave!" A black haired boy comes into view, his hair shorn short and his face covered in tears. Alone in the dark. *** Now, Ben, concentrate, a old, but not unkind voice instructs. Feel the Force move through you, like a thread of light that expands to everything around you. The boy screws up his face in concentration, a hand out stretched before him. There is a single river stone on the table in front of him and the older man in earth tone robes stands beside him. Don't force it Ben, let it come naturally. I'm trying! the boy snaps, dropping his hand in defeat. I can't move it Uncle! This is stupid. I've been trying to move the dumb rock for weeks and I can't! You're letting fear and doubt cloud your mind Ben. Once you let go of that- But Uncle Luke, the boy groans in exasperation. I can't find it! No 'buts', the older man says, patting the boy on the shoulder. It will come to you in time. Not everyone has the same abilities. Perhaps your own will manifest in a different way. Something in the man's tone is doubtful and the boy knows it. No. I just do it wrong. The man crouches in front of the boy now, a frown on his face. What do you mean Ben? You are always talking about a light, a source of energy that connects everything... But that's not the only way right? There are other ways aren't there? Complimentary ways right? Like the suns and moons, the boy is talking very quickly now, trying to desperately communicate this to his teacher. You are not wrong, his teacher seems very hesitant in his answer. Although comparing it to the suns and moons is a bit of a romantic notion... Show me. Help me to understand. He gestures again to the rock. The boy nods excitedly. This he can do, he can't find the thread of light, the glow that fuels the universe is lost to him. Instead it is all darkness to him. Cold darkness without end in sight. It scares him, but his fear makes him strong. The boy takes a deep breath and stills himself, bowing his head. For a moment he doesn't move, doesn't breathe. His teacher waits, curious and expectant, for several minutes. Ben, I think- Then like the boy has surfaced from the depths of an ocean he gasps for breath, his head snapping up and tears falling from his eyes. He throws both hands out and with a chilling scream sends the table, rock and all flying across the room. The table explodes into irreparable pieces as it smashes into the wall on the opposite side of the room and his teacher actually jumps as it does. See? the boy is smiling through his tears and looks up at his teacher, expecting praise. I can do it! I just do it different... ly... he trails off as he sees the expression on his elder's face. Uncle Luke? The older man looks horrified by what he's just seen and to a lesser degree, disgusted. Who taught you to do that Ben? The question sounds loud in the now too quiet room. No one. I just was able to do it. Whenever I'm scared, or sad, the darkness wraps itself around me. Its cold, but it makes me stronger. If I had been stronger Mom wouldn't have been hurt  the boy looks away. They wouldn't have sent me away. I was too weak. He looks back at his elder. I have to get stronger Uncle! Please you have to teach me how to- No! The word is so sharp that the boy flinches away. You must never do that again Ben. No matter how scared you are, how sad you are. I don't care if worlds are colliding, you must never use that power again. But- but Uncle- Promise me Ben! But I just wanted to help! The boy's eyes are filling with tears, he is confused and frightened now more then he had been before. His teacher sighs, rubbing his face. Ben, I know you do, he puts a gentle hand on the boy's shoulder. It is time you learn the difference between the Light and the Dark sides of the Force. It is time you learn about your grandfather, the Jedi Anakin Skywalker and the man he became: Darth Vader. *** A grey light comes into view and the same boy, a few years older now stands apart from another group of children. He's trying to avoid them, but they know he's there and descend on him like birds of prey. "Hey look its Big Ear Ben!" "Yeah he's no good at using the Force! Why is he even here?" "You'll never be a real Jedi! The Master just took you in because he feels sorry for you!" They close in on him and when they leave the dark haired boy has a broken lip and a bloody nose. The other children fade away and the older man with his robotic arm appears. "You mustn't fight with the others, Ben." "But Uncle, I wasn't! They started it." The older man sighs. "You are too controlled by emotion. You have to let it go, otherwise your rage will consume you. You will start down the path to the Dark Side, you must not allow these emotions to turn you down this road," his robotic hand rests gently on the boy's shoulder. The boy shrugs it off and turns on the man. "You don't understand! No one does!" he screams. "There is no Light! I can't see it! It isn't there! There's only darkness! Every time I reach out, that's all there is! Its dark... and cold." He sniffles and wipes his nose on the back of his robe sleeve. "It scares me, Uncle. I can't find the Light." "Oh, Ben," the man sounds heartbroken and he draws the boy into a gentle hug. Darkness surrounds them again. *** The light comes once more, in the form of twin full moons and the dark haired boy has grown again. His limbs are too long and his motions are uncoordinated, as if he doesn't know how to operate his body. He is running from a building with a bag slung over his back. He skids to a stop as another youth steps in front of him, blocking his path. "Where are you going Ben?" "Leave me alone Ri'than!" "That's no way to talk to one of your elders. Where're you going? Running back home? Running back to Mommy and Daddy like the little bitch you are?" "No. They don't want me." "Newsflash, no one does. You're so pathetic, I don't even understand why the Master bothered letting you stay this long. Why don't you just do everyone a favor and die? You're an eyesore and a disgrace. Just jump off a building. It'll improve your looks after you splatter into the gro-" "SHUT UP!" the smaller boy yells and the older boy blocking his path is flung backwards. "Oh so you can use the Force after all. Well come on then little Ben. Let's see what you've got! Let me break your nose one last time for good measure. A parting gift." "Leave me be Ri'than! I don't want to fight you!" "Too late," the older boy charges and his fist connects with the smaller boy and send him to tumbling backwards to the ground. He moves in for a second blow but the other boy throws a hand out, stopping him dead in his tracks. Slowly the younger boy stands, slowly closing his fist, holding his side where he's been punched. "No. You don't get to hurt me anymore," he growls and the older boy starts to choke. "B-Ben. Co-Come on! I was ju-just kidd-ack!" "Liar!" The boy screams and flings his arm wildly. The other boy is thrown out of sight, off the edge of the terrace. It is several seconds before the 'thump' of his body hitting the ground is heard. The sound makes the younger boy gasp and he runs to the edge of the terrace and peers over. "Oh no! No! No, no!" He moans, covering his face. "What have I done?" Behind him in the building, lights are coming on. The boy looks back at the building and then flees. *** You fear the darkness, only because you do not understand the power it holds. The power that is in you. You have something innate in you, Ben Solo. Something intriguing, a man speaks to the boy. The room they are meeting in is dark and reeks of death, but even so the boy can see the other man quite clearly. The other man is impossibly old, wrinkled with age and half his face is sunken in by a massive scar. This man terrifies him, but he is powerful, but he knows how to manipulate the Dark Side of the Force with a finesse that makes the boy envious. The boy presses his head to the ground as he kneels before the man, he is desperate for direction, for a mentor, someone who will accept him and the frightening power within him. Who will help him harness it. Teach me then! We shall see if you are worthy. Time will tell. A withered, white hand reaches out and raises his head up by the chin. The boy raises his head, holding his breath against the smell of the other. A thumb presses over the boy's lips and then forces his mouth open. The smell gets worse and boy gags on it, fighting the urge to vomit. A fear goes through him that he's unfamiliar with. Another hand goes to the back of his neck, ice cold and impossibly strong. Show me how worthy you are, the man commands as he forces the boy back down. *** Hux comes back to consciousness, his head swimming and he thinks he's going to be sick. He sees Ren, gasping for breath and hunched over in the chair he's sitting in, arms wrapped around himself. "R-Ren," he manages. "No." Ren's voice is icy. "You wanted to know." The Knight makes the gesture with his hand again and the General is dragged back down into the darkness. *** It is dark again. The only sound for many long minutes is harsh breathing. Then an all too familiar voice breaks the silence. "Do you swear loyalty to me? To obey my every command, unquestioningly? To never hesitate and embrace the darkness entirely?" "I do, I swear to you, my Master." "Good, my Apprentice." Nothing is visible, but there is the distinct feeling of a bony hand being placed on the back of his neck and hot breath that stinks like death floods the senses. The hand moves downward then and there is the sound of cloth tearing. *** The sound of someone sobbing in the darkness becomes audible. The barely visible outline of a dark haired teen curled up on a cot comes into view, he's curled into a ball and is pressing his face against the wall. A door opens, sending a slice of yellow light into the room and the boy falls silent and stiffens. The bed behind the teen sinks with the weight of another and the smell of death comes again. "You've done well my Apprentice," a withered hand comes into view and touches the teen's hip. "Very, very well. Your powers are growing, embrace your hatred." The hand slithers along the boy's body with uncanny deftness. The door slides shut then, shrouding the room in darkness. The sound of clothes being ripped. There is a scuffle and a small whimper of protest punctures the blackness, followed by sound of someone being struck. Know your place, Apprentice. It is silent then, until a scream of pain fills the room. *** "You are nearing the end of your training my Apprentice. You are to become a master of the Knights of Ren and bring them to our cause. This will be your greatest challenge, you have one year. Do not fail me." "Yes, my Master. Once they are united with us, you will go to Endor. You will retrieve the remains of Lord Vader. You will slaughter all who stand in your way. Yes, Master. *** Hux surfaces from the swirl of memories with a wheeze. He's sweating and shaking on the floor of his office. It is silent except for the sound of his and Ren's sharp breathing. Ren... The magnitude of what he's been shown starts to sink in and for a long moment Hux is sure he's going to vomit. The feeling passes and he stands, wobbling like his legs have fallen asleep. The urge to vomit over takes him then and he dashes for the trash can at his desk where he empties whatever is in his stomach, clinging to the metal bin for dear life. He finally finishes and wipes his mouth on the back of his sleeve, trying to take steadying breaths. He stands again and this time his legs are steady. Which is more then he can say for his mind and for the Knight. Ren is hunched over in the chair, hiding his face in his hands. No sound comes from him, but Hux can see him trembling. Hux approaches him and sinks into the other chair in front of his desk. Shame fills the General and he stares at his feet for several agonizing seconds. "Ren, I'm so-" "If you tell me you are 'sorry' I will choke you to death with my own two hands," Ren lifts his face from his hands. His eyes are dry, but his expression is detached. As if he's not really in the present moment. "You told me last night that my tactics are lacking. That I use too much fear to control those around me. That is all I know. That all consuming darkness that is Fear, Pain and Anger. They are the path I follow to the Dark Side. They are what has kept me alive," his voice is a reverent whisper that Hux has never heard before. Hux is silent, but then he opens his mouth and can't stop the question from coming out. "How old were you? The first time?" Ren closes his eyes, as if that will make the question go away. He swallows heavily. "Fourteen. I was fourteen." "Oh, Ren-" "DO NOT APOLOGIZE!" Ren yells, Hux can see him shaking again, and his eyes are closed as if that makes dealing with their conversation easier. "I don't want your pity! I don't want your sympathy! I just- I just-" He can't seem to get the words out and makes a low noise of frustration. Then it completely clicks in Hux's mind. All of it, Ren's reaction last night, his anger today. "You want it on your terms. You don't want to be someone else's tool or play thing." The Knight nods, breathing heavily. "I'm not weak! I'm not!" Hux carefully reaches out and lets the back of his knuckles brush against Ren's. A tremor goes through the Knight but he doesn't pull away. "There is no weakness in that." He chooses his next words with extreme caution. "I have no desire to use you Ren. That's not my end game, that's not what I do. I would rather make an alliance and work with you than treat you like an animal and use fear and pain to control you." He moves his hand to turn the palm upwards, offering it out to the Knight and asks what he should have some time ago. "What is it that you want Ren?" Ren sucks in a shaky breath, staring at Hux, trying to figure out if this gesture is a trap. He's terrified, he's weak right now, despite his protests otherwise. He is exposed, Hux knows everything now. His real name, his darkest secrets. Everything of him laid bare before the other man. Having done so could end him. It could cost Ren everything he's fought so hard for. Everything he's suffered for. "Ren," Hux's voice acts as a balm and soothes his frazzled nerves. "You can say 'no'. It's okay to do that." The words take a moment to sink in and the Knight falls apart completely as he understands what the General is saying. For all his training, Kylo Ren has never had the chance to say 'no'. He doesn't even realize that he's crying as hard as he is until Hux is hugging him, pressing Ren's face against his chest, giving him a place to hide. Ren's sobs are almost shouts as he tries to breathe through his tears. Hux doesn't shush him, but holds him close with one arm and uses the other to stroke his hair. The future holds terrors unknown, but, for now, Hux is compelled by something unknown, something larger then himself. So he gives of himself. He offers non-consequential comfort to the man that drives him to madness. He doesn't know it yet, but they will have fewer moments like this as their relationship continues. They will further uncover and embrace each other's monsters and discover just how frighteningly well they play together. They will lose control and barely escape with their lives. Then harsh cruelty of the years to follow will step in and wipe away what slivers of innocence they have left and replace it with the vicious game of breaking and rebuilding. The future holds horrors unimaginable for them both, but so long as they are united they will not break under the strain placed upon them. But for now Hux holds Ren, he doesn't question why it feels like the right thing to do. Somehow they slide to the floor and he leans back against the front of his desk, pulling Ren with him so the other young man is half in his lap. Ren's sobs slowly quiet to hiccups and Hux keeps stroking his hair. Neither of them says anything and the silence presses on them like a comforting blanket. *** Hux wakes back up with a small start, his heart racing. When had he fallen asleep? Evidently it was some time ago, his ass has fallen asleep as has the leg that Ren is leaning against. His eyes go to the Knight, and he sees that Ren is asleep, half curled against him. He twitches slightly in his sleep and Hux can't bring himself to move and disturb the other. Not just yet. The General sighs and gazes up at the ceiling. Slowly, he starts to mentally go over everything that has happened, making sure he hasn't missed any pieces to this complex puzzle. He has no idea what will happen now, where they will go from here. His brain feels like a wrung out sponge, and if he feels this way then Ren must feel ten times worse. Hux silently wishes he could have turned back their entire meeting, take back the words he said. The unnecessary, cruel words. But that isn't possible, not even for Force users. Ren probably wouldn't want that anyway; the Knight is so desperate to be treated as an equal, to prove himself capable and strong that he will accept no apologies. He will always think that they are a sympathy, that they are pity. Instead, in the silence of his office, Hux leans down and places a kiss on Ren's temple. They are both broken in their own twisted way, Hux realizes as Ren shifts and brown eyes blink twice and he abruptly sits up. Hux half expects to get punched, but the other man just blinks a few more times, trying to process where he is. He must have been deep in sleep, Ren never strikes Hux as the sort of person who is a slow waker. Then Ren groans, putting a hand on his head, wincing. Hux takes care to be very still, he's half afraid to spook the other man. He finally seems to realize that Hux is there and glances at him, a confused look on his face. "I think we both fell asleep on my office floor," Hux offers by way of an explanation. Ren nods, rubbing his face with a hand and shaking his head, trying to clear sleep from it. "Knowing what you now know," Ren's voice is an impossibly deep rumble, but Hux can hear the anxiety in it all the same. "Are you still ..." He seems to have an issue finishing the sentence. "Interested?" Hux guesses at the last word and Ren nods. "I am interested in what you want. I am interested in working with you, instead of fighting you. I would offer you a," he considers his next words. "A mutually beneficial partnership. We could be unstoppable. We -" Hux feels like he's talking to much. Suddenly he's the anxious one. "We could be a force to be reckoned with. We could rule." He's had the thought for some time now, but never voiced it. It sounds almost like heresy. Ren has leaned closer to him, studying him intently as he talks. "A mutually beneficial partnership," he repeats the phrase, feeling its weight. "Make it exclusive." "What?" Hux doesn't catch his meaning immediately and Ren huffs in frustration. "I will accept your offer of a partnership if, and only if, it is exclusive," he seems to have difficulty with the words, but then Hux catches his meaning. "I will agree to your condition. You can still say no, you don't have to," he reminds the dark haired man. This feels more like a business contract then the establishing of a relationship. But then again if he's understood everything correctly, Ren has never had one of those. Ren looks away, frowning. Hux lets him process it and shifts his weight, trying to get some feeling back into his leg and his ass. Just as the sensation of pins and needles starts to shoot through him Ren looks back at him. "You have asked me previously what I want," he sighs, about to say more but then stops himself, brow furrowed. "I meant it," Hux says, carefully bending his leg and wincing as the blood flows back into it. "I know," Ren whispers, then he leans forward and kisses Hux. Its such a gentle gesture that Hux gasps in surprise. Its almost chaste, there's a tenderness that he didn't think Ren was capable of. There will be glimmers of it as their relationship continues and each time it will take Hux's breath away. Ren breaks the kiss, resting his forehead against Hux's, there's a faint blush on his cheeks. "I want you. I want this partnership," he whispers, his breath playing against Hux's lips. His eyes meeting Hux's and the General brings a hand up to stroke his face, Ren leans into the touch with a soft noise. "Then you have it," Hux murmurs, drawing Ren into a deep kiss. *** Ren feels lightheaded. As if the events of two days ago had been some sort of surreal dream. He was fairly certain that if one of the other officers had not knocked at the door with an urgent matter, that he and Hux would have probably fucked right there on the office floor. There had been so much hurt, desire, and relief contained with in those office walls that Ren was honestly surprised it didn't roll out of the room in visible, physical waves when the door had opened. While Hux had gone to deal with the urgent matter, Ren had returned to his quarters, completely drained of energy, both mentally and physically. Even his desire, ignited by the scorching kisses exchanged between Hux and himself, had not been strong enough to keep sleep at bay. He managed to strip off his clothes before he collapsed on his bed and slept without dreams or nightmares for the first time in years. What he didn't realize was that he had slept through the rest of that day, the following night and most of the next day. He had awoken naturally, not jostled awake by the Force or any external presence. That in and of itself was another first for him. Ren rubbed sleep out of his eyes and frowned, glaring at the clock that displayed the time and date on the table next to his bed. Had he really slept for that long? He did have a bad habit of obsessive self-deprivation, it came as naturally to him as breathing. Ren hated lowering his guard, but he had done so with Hux. Hux, who had this strange darkness about him, something that Ren can't quite pinpoint. The General keeps it well hidden, but it is undeniably there. It had become more evident in the General's office, as if there was an entirely separate person inside the other man. Someone vicious and cruel where the redhead was controlled and calculated. Someone who craved both to control others and lose control of himself. Hux was proving to be an interesting puzzle, one that Ren looked forward to uncovering as their partnership progressed. If it actually did. Doubt came hand in hand with paranoia at the best of times. He had shown the General so much of himself, it was reckless he knew, but if it paid off in the end, it would be a gamble well worth the risk. If it meant that he could surpass Vader and Snoke both, be a Master in and unto himself. The thought motivated him to move and with there being no urgent messages on his tablet or computer, he pulled on his black sweats and headed down to the gym. *** No one was there except for Phasma, who was by the weights. She had just hefted a heavily loaded bar above her head in the motion of a 'clean and jerk' when she saw him. "Kylo!" she, exclaimed, and dropped the weights to sprint over to him, her expression one of relief. What he was not expecting was her to pull him into a awkward, sweaty hug. "By the Maker I thought Hux had throw you out an airlock!" She quickly broke the embrace. "Sorry! But no one has seen you for almost two days. I was starting to wor- Oh my stars you're smiling !" She took several steps back now, a hand going to her mouth. "Am I?" Ren hadn't realized that he was, and felt a blush rise in his cheeks as he tried to make his expression neutral. " And you're blushing!" The woman sounded almost pleased. "I take it your meeting with Hux was the exact opposite of getting thrown out the airlock?" She placed a hand on her hip, and gave him a wry smile. This time Ren felt the grin spreading across his face and he looked away from Phasma, trying to better master his expression. "Something like that," he admitted softly. "There ... there was a lot to communicate." He glances back at her and she nods, still grinning at him. Ren knew if he wanted to elaborate she would listen with great enthusiasm, but there were some things that he didn't want her to know. He liked how their relationship was, this friendship, he didn't want to change how she saw him with intimate details. He'd had enough heart wrenching disclosure to last him the rest of his life, so instead he changed the subject. "Spar with me?" "It would be my privilege," she doesn't press him for details as they move to the open mats and take up their positions as they wrap their wrists and hands. "So let's see if I can beat you this time and even out this four to six record we have going." Phasma says, bouncing lightly on her feet, her hands coming up in a boxer's position. "Just try it." Ren realizes that he's grinning again and this time doesn't try to hide it. He enjoys sparring with her. Phasma doesn't hold back and neither does he, and they've both bloodied each other up pretty good on more then one occasion. There is no emotion when they fight, it's all pure adrenaline. And she doesn't mind when he uses Force tricks to beat her. She encourages him to do so on some occasions and has surprised him, being able to throw him out of her mind or break through his blocks. Tonight neither of them are giving much ground, they're both completely focused on blocking and dodging and Phasma isn't flinching under Ren's usual mind tricks. Ren's patience goes first though and he attacks. He leaves himself open when he does and usually is quick enough to get his guard back in place before his opponent can retaliate. This time though, Phasma is faster and she is inside his personal space, even at the cost of taking a glancing blow along her chin. She never stops moving though and he sees the hook coming in to target his gut and throws a hand up, Force blocking it. The next thing he knows he is seeing stars, Phasma has head-butted him, and brings a knee up into his stomach, knocking the wind out of him. So that was why she was willing to take the hit, to get close enough to disable him. He staggers and she jumps into a front kick, which he blocks and manages to Force push her back to the opposite end of the mats before he goes down on one knee. She pauses, bouncing idly from foot to foot, her hands still in a low guard position as she waits to see if he'll recover or not. Sometimes Ren does, but not tonight. "Your match," he manages to say, spitting blood out of his mouth. He hears her give a small victory 'woohoo!', its one well earned: she's split his lip open, made him bite the inside of his cheek and his nose feels swollen. He takes her hand when she crosses the mats and offers it to him to help him up. "I didn't think you would let me get that close." "How you didn't split your own skull open is beyond me," he teases her as she goes to retrieve some ice and a towel for him. "I grew up with a little brother and an older brother, Kylo," she tells him with a grin as she dabs at his face with the towel. "Us middle children are vicious." He winces against her touch and takes the ice from her, holding it against his mouth. That was right, Phasma and her brothers had been among the last of the voluntary recruits to the First Order before they had started training their stromtroopers from birth in favor of more effective conditioning. Of the three siblings, only Phasma remained. "I can see that. You're getting good at resisting my Force maneuvers. I'll have to up the ante next time." "Just try it," she gives him a light shove and as he stumbles backwards he sees Hux watching them. "General," he gives the other man a nod, Phasma whirls around and gives Hux a hasty salute. "Ren, Captain," Hux stands there for a few more seconds before moving forward. "Captain did you actually manage to damage our Knight?" "We often spar, Sir. Sometimes he wins, sometimes I win," Phasma answers stiffly, stepping back as Hux comes into their personal space. "I see," Hux is studying Ren's blood smeared face now. "Be careful how closely you fraternize with others, Captain." "Of course, sir." An awkward silence falls between the three of them and Hux finally breaks it. "You are dismissed, Captain." "Yes sir," she moves out of Hux's range of vision, snatching up her water bottle and towel. When his back is to her, she mouths to Ren 'alpha male much?' and with a grin leaves them alone in the gym. Ren would have laughed, if smiling didn't hurt so much right now. The doors hum shut and then Hux moves forward, letting his hands gently touch Ren's face. He's careful, tilting and turning Ren's head as if he's made of glass. Ren lets him, enjoying the feeling of Hux's warm fingers on his skin. Ren's always too cold, he can never seem to keep warm and Hux's touch sends pleasant chills all up and down his spine. "Where have you been?" Hux finally asks, his voice gentle, almost sad as a thumb pad brushes over Ren's, once again, broken lip. A shudder goes through Ren. "Sleeping." "You slept for almost two days?" "Yes," Ren shifts his weight, and brings one of his hands to rest against one of Hux's. He debates how much to tell, how much to reveal. "I sleep every few days," he explains with a shrug, as if it is completely normal. As if it isn't a defense mechanism against what terrors dreams might bring him. Hux makes a humming noise and doesn't inquire further. "I was worried," he admits softly. For the first time since they've been stuck on this ship together, Ren sees Hux look very uncertain. "Don't be," Ren whispers and he leans forward, kissing Hux. The General startles, not expecting the action but Ren's hands go to his shoulders and he returns the gesture. Pain shoots through the Knight's swollen lips and he moans softly. The sensation is a heady one and his hands fist the material of Hux's workout shirt. He's almost disappointed when Hux breaks the kiss. "Am I hurting you?" The General's concern might have been sweet four years ago when Ren was younger, but now its almost annoying. But in all fairness Hux has probably never dealt with someone who has a history like Ren does. "Don't treat me like a glass figure. I'm wounded yes, damaged even, but not broken," Ren murmurs to him, a hand moving to go through Hux's red hair. He has another calculation to make, to determine how much of his own twisted desires to reveal at once. No doubt everything that has happened to him has caused the Knight to develop more deviant desires than most. Carefully now ... He pulls Hux to him, using the small height advantage he has and kisses the other man again. In that single motion Ren opens himself to Hux, lightly biting at those pale lips and tracing his tongue against them. In his mind Ren calls upon the Force and presses a very clear message into Hux's mind: 'Kiss me. Hard.' The General responds to him then, a hand leaving Ren's face to trace down to the small of his back and pull him close. His other hand is cradling Ren's face, fingers knotting in that unruly black hair and pulling Ren to him. A tremor runs through the Knight and then Hux's tongue is tangling with his and teeth are gently teasing at the fresh wound on his lips. Ren makes a low keening noise, they've danced around this for too many weeks now. From that first night that he started tutoring Hux on how to properly fight, no, before that even. He doesn't want to wait any longer. He breaks the kiss abruptly, he's panting and pressed flush against Hux. "I want you," he whispers against Hux's lips. "Tonight. Now," he surges forward to kiss the General again. He might be damaged, but that doesn't mean he is lacking in sexual prurience. Their kissing changes from slow and teasing to fast and biting. They're frantic now, and Ren is dimly aware that is lip has started bleeding again from the force of their kisses. He also at some point had allowed Hux to back him against a wall, but he doesn't care in this moment. His entire world has narrowed to Hux and what he's doing with his lips and hands. Ren moans as Hux slides a knee between his legs, brushing it against the erection that is starting to tent in his pants. Hux's fingers tangle in his and the General is loosely pinning him against the wall, with their arms above Ren's head. He presses biting kisses against Ren's neck that make him squirm and whine and without meaning to, grind himself against Hux's well placed knee. "Hux," he breathes. "Please. Please. Please." He whispers the word like a prayer as the General bites at his ear. He wants it so badly it might tear him apart. He wants it like he's never wanted anything before. To replace old scars and nightmares with the sensation of those soft lips on his skin and equally soft hands holding him close. Hux gives Ren one last kiss, silencing his begging with lips and tongue. He wants to be careful, but Ren is making him throw caution into the wind. The temptation to press the Knight against the wall and fuck him right there is almost too strong to ignore. But Hux wants to give him something better then that. He does have some pride in his abilities as a lover. He pulls away from the Knight completely, which garners a almost pitiful whine of protest. Ren's eyes are closed and he's leaning against the wall for support, his chest heaving. "Not here," Hux murmurs, offering his hand out, palm up. "My quarters, come with me?" It's both an invitation and suggestion and Ren's eyes open as he nods, a too cold hand grasping Hux's warm one. Hux pulls him close for another kiss and then leads Ren out of the gym. *** The reality of what is happening doesn't quite register with Kylo Ren until they're standing in Hux's quarters. He takes the room in, simple but not for lacking in taste. Its clear Hux has supplied many of the things in his quarters himself, the desk and bed definitely are not the standard issued ones in the other quarters. Hux gives his hand a squeeze and it pulls Ren out of his studying of the room. "Okay?" Hux asks him and Ren slowly nods. There's a small ball of anxiety in his stomach, but he crushes it down. He certainly isn't a virgin by the standard definition, but it is his first time doing something... like this. He should not be nervous, it certainly can't be worse then- No, no he will not think about that now! Ren gives himself a shake to return himself to the present. Hux is still holding his hand, watching him, head tilted to one side. "Ren?" "I'm fine," he says quickly, probably too quickly. "Just, just thinking too much." He wishes he could just stop thinking, longs for the heat of lust to cloud his senses and his judgment. He takes a step closer to Hux, and the General takes the hint and guides him to the bed before Ren can freeze up again. Ren perches on the edge of the mattress, looking like he's ready to take flight at any moment. The run from the gym to Hux's quarters has cooled their lust just enough to spook the Knight. Hux opens a drawer on his nightstand, pulling out a bottle of lube and setting it aside for later. He then crouches in front of Ren, the Knight has a few inches on him when they're standing but now Hux wants to exaggerate that, to appear unintimidating. He brings his hands up to cup Ren's face, a thumb tracing over the Knight's blood smeared lips. A small shudder goes through Ren, and Hux leans up to kiss him. 'Softly,' he reminds himself as he tilts their heads and deepens the kiss. He moves one hand to rest on Ren's hips, and starts to rise up, gently pressing the other man back down to the bed. Ren doesn't fight him and eventually just falls back onto the mattress with a small sigh. Hux moves then, his hands easing Ren's shirt up and over his head before shedding his own. They're built entirely differently. Ren is broad chested, and hard muscled from his years of training and littered in various scars. Where Hux is soft, freckled and lean, the result of attending the Academy and never facing the harshness of battle. Much to Hux's surprise, Ren reaches a hand up and rests his finger tips on Hux's chest, tracing the pale flesh. "The marks are gone," Ren murmurs. "I'll have to start over." It takes Hux a minute to make sense of the statement, and then he blushes as he realizes that Ren is talking about just a few days ago. Ren had bit and kissed his body to cover him in bruises; they had faded quickly but Hux has no doubt that if things had taken another turn he might have marks to show still. "Possessive are we?" he teases, taking Ren's hand off his chest and pressing a kiss to his palm and then working his way up Ren's arm. The other shudders and Hux places another kiss where Ren's neck and shoulder meet, biting at the tense muscles. He takes his tongue and traces it along Ren's collar bone to his sternum, placing another kiss there. One of his hands has found its way to Ren's hair again, it's hard to resist and Hux doesn't even try to. He curls his fingers in it and pulls, forcing Ren's head back so his neck is exposed. Ren's hands are clutching at the bedding beneath him as Hux tortures him. Hux has brought one knee between his legs again as he kisses and bites at every inch of Ren's neck that he can. Soft whines are escaping Ren's lips and he groans. Hux finally just kisses him and nudges that knee a bit higher between Ren's legs. The Knight gasps into the kiss and shamelessly grinds himself against the other man. The hesitance is evaporating in favor of desire and Ren gives him over to it. Hux's fingers are tracing down his stomach and then his lips follow. Hux lets go of his hair in favor of sliding both hands underneath the Knight and gripping his ass. Then those warm hands are sliding his pants and underwear off and Ren is entirely exposed before the other man. Hux pulls away, sitting back on his heels, gazing at Ren in a way that makes the Knight shudder. "You are so beautiful," Hux murmurs, his fingers sliding along Ren's thighs. He had to be careful here, to avoid a repeat of their gym encounter. Hux leans down and starts to kiss each scar and bruise on Ren's torso, bracing himself on the bed with one hand and letting the other drift over Ren's cock. The Knight is grinding against him, arching into the touch of his lips and hand. The sounds leaving Ren's lips aren't actual words anymore, but low keening noises that make Hux's cock throb. He gives the Knight's hardness a squeeze and a slow tug, savoring the sound that Ren made and how desperately he reacted. "Easy, soon," Hux promises, reaching for the lube. Ren watches the other man with half lidded eyes, he can guess what's coming next. There's a hint of anxiety in his chest again and he pushes himself up on an elbow to better watch the other man's motions. Hux pours some of the lube onto his fingers and reaches down. He pauses, encircling his slick fingers on Ren's cock and stroking it a few times. Ren moans, shuddering at the sensation as it threatens to overwhelm him and he falls back onto the bed, almost afraid to watch because it is too stimulating. Hux's hand leaves his cock and he hears the cap of the lube click again and before he can think to ask, Hux's fingers are massaging the lube against his entrance. Ren grips the bedding beneath him. He's panting for breath and his body has tensed. He waits for the awful pain that always comes. And it never does. Hux leans down and kisses him, and slowly Ren feels his body open to the redhead. It is slow and Hux never stops kissing him as he works gentle fingers in and out of Ren's body. It never feels like an intrusion, Ren feels his body flush with pleasure and starts to buck against Hux's fingers. The pleasure of stretch open slowly is more teasing now and he reflexively wants more. More depth. More fullness. Hux breaks the kiss and Ren makes a small sobbing noise. "Please. Now. Need you!" He manages, gazing up at Hux. Hux smiles slightly at the Knight beneath him and places one more kiss on Ren's collar bone before removing his fingers and slicking himself. He uses one hand to position himself against Ren, the other to hold the Knight still. Ren's so desperate for it he'll end up hurting himself if he isn't careful. Hux presses forward and feels the ring of muscle quiver and then open for him. Ren gives a small wail, clawing at the bedding and Hux waits for him to still before pressing any further. The Knight is shaking beneath him, head thrown back, body arching and gasping for breath. Every time a bit more of Hux's cock slides into him Ren makes a noise until Hux is fully seated inside him. It takes every shred of control for Hux to be still. It's when Ren starts to writhe against him that Hux moves. Every motion is slow and controlled and when he pulls almost all the way out Ren whines in desperation. The whine turns into an incredibly vocal wail as Hux sinks back inside him. That was surprising, but not unappreciated. "More. You won't hurt me. I won't break," Ren's hands find purchase on Hux's arms, clinging to them. Hux indulges him and is rewarded with the Knight bucking his hips to meet Hux's motions. Ren's arms go around his neck and he clings to Hux, pressing his face into Hux's neck. "Fuck me," he whispers in a hushed voice. "Fuck me so hard I can't feel my legs." "I need you on your knees then. Face down, ass up," Hux tells him and Ren nods eagerly, and releases Hux. It takes them a moment to reposition themselves, partially because Ren is kissing him like he's the last thing in the entire galaxy. But Hux has no doubts and he sinks into Ren again, his body pressed flush against the other's ass. He drags his nails down Ren's back and watches the other shudder. Ren makes a small noise and Hux places both hands on Ren's hips to keep them steady. When Hux pulls back out, Ren thinks he's going to die. He's gripping the bedding beneath his chest for dear life and when Hux slams back into him it takes his breath away. He can't even make a noise for several seconds as the other man sets a fast pace. Then it all catches up with him and the universe shrinks down to just the two of them. To just their pleasure and Ren can't even tell if he's screaming aloud or not, but he knows this is the best thing he's ever felt in his life. He hears Hux breathing above him, there is a growl coming from the redhead that Ren decides he likes. He isn't expecting Hux to lean down, crouching over him like a predatory animal, bracing himself on one arm as the other wraps around Ren's waist and Hux finds his hard cock. The motion changes the angle just enough and Hux's thrusts go from long and deep to short and frantic, his hand closes around Ren's cock and start to stroke it in time with his thrusts. Ren cries out, the sensations too much, too overwhelming. He tries to buck back against Hux, but the other man has him well trapped between a warm body and the bed. Then Hux's hand squeezes him particularly tight and Ren cums with a shout. A few seconds later he hears Hux echo his and go completely still above him. They stay there, gasping for air, until Hux starts to pepper Ren's back and neck with soft kisses and with an air of laziness, tips them both over onto their sides so they lay spooning on the bed. Ren lies there for a few seconds and then feels a tremor start in him. Hux feels it too and pulls him closer so Ren's back is flush agains his chest. "You all right?" Hux asks, his voice a raspy whisper as his fingers start to comb through Ren's hair. Ren nods frantically, his hands clasping the one Hux has wrapped around his chest. "Overwhelmed." He manages, not trusting his voice beyond that one word. He feels Hux nod against his back and then reach for something with his other hand. His hand returns with tissues and he carefully slides out of Ren and starts to clean them up. It doesn't take long and Hux is pressed back against him again, covering them with a blanket. A silence settles between them, Ren is glad for it. He's concentrating on taking every detail of this encounter and burying it deep within his memory. From how soft Hux's hands are, to how it felt to be filled by him, to the smell of the blankets. Ren takes every part of it and compartmentalizes it, and as he does, his trembling ceases. He lies there, enjoying the feeling of Hux's warm body against his. When he hears Hux snoring softly behind him and Ren turns in the other man's arms to study him. The Knight smiles faintly and places a soft kiss on Hux's lips. Hux doesn't stir. "Thank you," Ren murmurs to him, pressing his forehead against Hux's. "I can't stay." He won't be doing any actual sleeping with Hux, he doesn't trust himself to. There are too many nights that he awakens from his sleep screaming. Even after being on this ship for three months now. Perhaps one day. But not tonight. Besides, he's slept enough for a few days. "I can't stay, not tonight." He pulls away from the General and on wobbly legs, gathers his clothes, putting them on. "Not tonight," he repeats softly to the sleeping man. "Another night." And then he leaves before his resolution crumbles entirely. *** Hux doesn't see Ren until the next day at the officers' meeting. While he didn't really expect the Knight to be a snuggler he had been disappointed to wake up alone. They say nothing to each other and life continues. There are reports, recruitments and Ren and Hux still argue very passionately about everything from tactics, to how to train the Storm Troopers to the matter of a clone army and finding additional financial backing for the First Order. Nothing really changes. There isn't really a way to court the Knight, the idea itself is laughable and Hux doesn't try to. Instead he approaches Ren after an evening meeting a week later. "Walk with me?" He invites the other, careful to keep his tone neutral. He sees Ren tilt his head and finally nod. They don't go anywhere in particular, no words pass between them. Their footsteps are in sync and their pace is unhurried, but purposeful enough to make others clear out of their path. Eventually they end up outside Hux's quarters and when Hux steps inside, Ren follows. As soon as the door slides shut behind them the Knight is pulling off his helmet and dropping it to the floor, his gloves follow along with his cloak. Hux finds himself pinned against the wall, Ren's cold fingers fumbling with the buttons and zippers of Hux's uniform as the Knight kisses him for all he's worth. "You don't ever need an invitation," Hux murmurs to him between kisses as he fumbles with Ren's remaining robes. The Knight says nothing, and pulls Hux away from the wall and onto the bed. *** Hux notices after about a month of their arrangement, for all Ren's aggression, he doesn't make any moves to dominate their time together. If this is a gesture of trust to Hux or the Knight doesn't know how to proceed, or simply a matter of preference, the General can't tell. The closest Ren has come so far to topping is after one of their recent sparring sessions. They were both sweaty and too tired to properly fuck despite the desire being there. Hux had ended up in Ren's lap, kissing him as the Knight had clawed at his back, pressing them close together. They were shamelessly grinding against each other through their pants like a pair of horny teenagers until they had both cum. Ren hadn't seemed to mind and had drawn Hux close to him, tangling their legs together afterwards and sighing contently. There was a certain dirty appeal about it, Hux would admit that much. Blow jobs are still off limits, and probably always will be. Hux has tried twice since their arrangement began and been Force thrown both times for all his careful trouble. To his own credit, Ren had tried to be one on the giving end. Three times, he had tried. The first two times he'd ended up in a shaking, inconsolable mess of nerves. The third time he was physically sick in the trashcan by Hux's bed, so the General drops the matter entirely, seeing how embarrassing and distressing it is for Ren. *** Their arrangement has been in place for three months now and they've both been getting progressively busier as the First Order starts to pick up momentum. Their encounters more infrequent. They are gradually finding support for their cause, they can't be too open just yet, the New Republic has the military guidance of Leia Organa. That is not a confrontation they are ready for yet. She is still a war hero, despite it being almost two decades since the Old Empire fell. The fledgling Republic of traitors will still listen to her words. Hux leans back in his chair, rubbing his face with a sigh. He's at the desk in his quarters, sometimes it is easier to work here than in his office. Scattered all across his desk are papers, digital files, two separate tablets and his computer. He's lost track of time and turns in his chair to look at the clock and almost jumps out of his skin. Sitting on his bed, engrossed entirely in his own work is Kylo Ren. The Knight is not in his robes or sparing sweats, instead he's in loose brown pants and a sand washed tunic. It's an absurd thing to notice, but Hux never sees the Knight in any other clothes. He was partially convinced that Kylo Ren just had a closet full of black robes. Ren's scrawling a note from his own computer screen down on a pad of paper that is balanced on his knee. That is when Hux realizes that his bed is now covered in Ren's own computer, paperwork, notes and files. "Ren, what-what are you doing here?" Hux finally finds his voice. The Knight glances up at him, brow furrowing in a look that Hux has come to learn means the other is uncertain and slightly afraid. "You said I didn't need an invitation," was the sulky reply he gave Hux. He looks away, a muscle working in his jaw. "I ... I wanted company." Ren finally admits. "I ... we ... " he makes a frustrated noise through his nose and huffs. "I can leave, if you want." Everything about his tone says he'd much rather do otherwise. Hux stares at him, Kylo Ren still amazes him. "Company?" he asks, trying to figure out how deep this goes. It is unlike Ren to loiter, to spend much time with anyone unless there was a specific task at hand. "Yes ... " Ren shifts slightly, looking uncomfortable, a blush is starting to rise in his cheeks. "Stupid idiot," he whispers and Hux realizes that Ren's insult is directed at himself and not Hux. "I'll leave. I should have never come," he starts to move, hastily gathering up his things and shoving them carelessly into the leather binder bag he had brought with him. Immediately it becomes clear to Hux that Ren is interpreting this as rejection. That the Knight's desire for companionship was indeed just that. Hux stands then and goes to him, putting his hands over Ren's and stilling his frantic motions. He can feel Ren's hands trembling in his. "Let. Me. Go," Ren growls, pointedly looking away. "You don't have to leave," Hux tells him, trying to salvage the situation before he got Force thrown. "I just ... wasn't expecting to turn around and see you there. You're lucky I didn't shoot you by accident." Ren glances back at him, some of the hurt leaving his expression. "I don't mind if you stay. Just ... give me some warning next time. How the hell did you even get in?" "I overrode the switch," Ren says with a shrug. "It isn't particularly difficult to do. Can ... Can I really stay?" There is something so innocent about the question, even if he wanted to Hux doesn't think he could say no, he turns Ren's face back to him and kisses him. "Of course. I just ... didn't figure you for the company type of person." "I'm not." "Oh?" Hux quirks an eye brow. "You're the exception," Ren tries to explain. "I ... You make me feel calm. No one does that." Dark eyes look at Hux and he's certain he'll drown in the emotion there. "I've only ever known the Darkness since I can remember, it's terrifying." Ren's voice is soft, almost reverent and Hux is keenly aware of how difficult it is for Ren to articulate this. The other man is a swirling storm of emotion and to refine such power into words is troublesome at best. "But when I am with you it isn't. You frustrate me immensely, on so many levels, yet I want nothing more then to be near you. Oh by the Maker, I sound so fucking stupid!" He pulls away from Hux, disgusted with himself. "No, not at all. I can sympathize with the frustration, you drive me absolutely insane," Hux teases and Ren glares at him. "But I have no regrets," he promises and watches as the Knight's shoulders drop in relief. After that Hux would find Ren in his room with increasing frequency. Ren fails to give him any warning and Hux becomes used to turning around and finding the Knight and his papers and files sprawled on his bed. Sometimes Hux takes his computer to the bed and sits with the other man, leaning back to back with him. Other times when they're both going through records, they'll end up in each other's arms, limbs entangled as they read and make notes. They don't talk much, simply being there is enough. Hux has never found so much peace in silence and never felt closer to anyone. During the day they're working and arguing but all that falls away when they spar or go to Hux's room. They won't call each other 'lover', or even use the word. If they do it might all come crashing down. Ren still refuses to spend the night, but he always stays until Hux falls asleep, leaving no trace of him being there when the General awakens. Then something remarkable happens. *** Hux enters his room, reading over the latest reports he's gotten and notices that one of the lights is on. Which is odd, because he always turns the lights off when he isn't there. Then he sees it. Kylo Ren is lying half curled in the center of his bed. Asleep. Hux can't quite believe his eyes. He's never seen the Knight sleep before, and quietly sets his own armful of papers down on the desk. Why Ren would come here to sleep was beyond him and Hux tries not to look too deeply into it. But it is clear that the Knight didn't fall asleep working, his usual bag of papers and files is nowhere to be seen. Hux approaches the bed, flipping off the light as he does. He slides his shoes off and moves to curl around the other man. Ren doesn't stir, even as Hux wraps his arms around that broad chest. He can work later. *** Ren's eyes cracked open and he was greeted with darkness. Behind him he feels Hux, warm and soft against him and Ren shivers. He has to tell him. Slowly Ren turns so he is facing the sleeping General. He sighs and traces finger tips along Hux's face, and brushing his hair back until the other stirs. "Ren?" Hux's voice is heavy with sleep and the other man is nuzzling into Ren's hands. "I have a lead on the Jedi," Ren says quietly. "I leave in the morning." "Oh," there is something, not quite like pity, in Hux's voice. "Would be all right if I stayed here tonight?" Ren hates how weak he sounds. How even talking to Hux brings out parts of him he thought were long dead. "Of course," there is no hesitation in Hux's reply and Ren feels relief flood him. Hux is pulling him close and kissing him. Ren lets him, he wants to get lost in Hux's touches. The Knight is more nervous about following this lead than he's willing to admit. He's faced other things, far worse things then this. But now he has something to lose. Now he cares about if he comes back. Before there had been times that he'd been reckless on the missions Snoke had sent him on. Times when he'd hoped that something would go wrong, that anything would go wrong and end his existence. For the first time he can remember, it's different. "I want to show you something," he whispers to Hux, placing his hands on the other's temple. Ren draws the Force around him and in their minds' eye takes them somewhere else. *** They are both standing atop an impossibly high water fall, the night sky overhead. Hux turns to Ren, the awe clear on his face. It was a beautiful place after all. "What is this place?" "The place where I almost died. The place I probably will die when my time comes," Ren whispers, watching Hux's expression become one of confusion. "Like on of those Force visions?" Ren shakes his head. "No. I-I abandoned a mission given to me by Snoke when I was younger. I ran," somehow his voice isn't shaking as he speaks, but he can't look at Hux right now. The other isn't moving, isn't speaking. "I was so afraid Hux. I- I jumped. I wanted to die." "Oh, Ren," Hux has pulled him into a tight embrace. Ren can hear the heart break in Hux's voice. "I broke my leg, two ribs and dislocated my shoulder when I hit the water," the more he talks the easier it comes out. "I almost drowned. For so long after that I wished I had. It would have been better then the punishment that came after for failing the mission." He pulled back from Hux, looking at him. "I had no reason to want to come back. I tried so many times to make sure I wouldn't. But now," he sucked in a breath. "Now I want to return. You give me a reason to come back, to make it back alive. I want you to know that. No matter what. You are my reason." He pulls Hux into a kiss and he can feel the redhead shaking, holding him tightly. Ren can never say he loves the other man, this is the closest he'll ever come. If he doesn't say it now, he might never say it. This is his one chance, before the years to come twist him into something terrifying as he knows they will. When their kiss finally ends, Ren traces his fingers over Hux's lips. "If I fail. If I die, bring my body here, please?" Hux looks like he's been slapped, but then slowly nods. "Come back to me, do everything in your power to come back. Promise me?" He gives Ren a small shake. "I promise." *** The water fall fades away and they are back in Hux's room. Ren might be imagining it in the dark, but he feels Hux trembling as the General holds him close. When Hux kisses him, Ren is sure he feels dampness on the other man's cheeks. That night they make love three times. It starts out slow and tender, and becomes increasingly desperate with each additional coupling, until they're both panting and straining. As if they can stop the next day from coming so long as they're in each other's arms. Ren is straddling Hux's hips, riding his cock for all he's worth, his hands grasping Hux's forearms for balance and his head thrown back in wild abandon. They're both covered in bruises, bite marks and welts from where they've clawed at each other. Every possessive mark they put on the other meant to serve as a reminder: for Ren that he has someone to come back for, and for Hux that the other promises to return. When they finally spend themselves and collapse into sleep, the hour of Ren's departure comes far too soon. He doesn't take many troopers for support, five in total and one pilot. It's only one Jedi, and if the source is correct, not even a fully fledged one, the troopers won't even be needed. Ren has orders from the Supreme Leader to bring the Jedi back alive for interrogation. All hopes are hinged on finding a way to the Jedi Luke Skywalker and removing the one thing that threatens the First Order more then any resistance movement. The Jedi are beacons, symbols of hope and goodness, people flock to them like moths. There is no farewell between him and the General. Ren has to focus on the task at hand; troublesome, softer emotions will only distract him. For what is about to come he has to be entirely cold. He crushes the other emotions and presses them down into the deepest, darkest part of his being, until there is nothing left but rage. He must not fail, it could cost them everything. *** Ren is gone for three weeks. There are no reports sent back, no communication, only silence. There is to be a meeting with the Supreme Leader later that day and while Hux has reports upon reports for him, if Kylo Ren is absent it could go poorly. Hux knows that Ren isn't communicating with the Supreme Leader outside of their joint meetings, which so far, have been minimal. It gives Hux the feeling of a noose being slid around his neck. As if Snoke is giving them just enough free reign to prove to them that they will fail. There was a knock on his office door and Hux scowled. He had told the officers that until he had met with the Supreme Leader that the more minor issues were going to have to wait. With a frown and fully prepared to yell at an underling, he unlocked the door and it slid open. Before him stood Kylo Ren. The Knight was in his robes and mask, and Hux could see they were covered in dust and dirt. There is a singe mark on one of Ren's shoulders, but other then that the Knight appears to be in one piece. "When did you get back?" Hux's tone is agitated, he's fighting down the urge to rip Ren's helmet off and kiss him. "Ten minutes ago. I was told you were preparing the reports for the Supreme Leader, I felt it would be beneficial to add this mission's results to it." "Fine," Hux steps aside and lets the Knight inside. The door slides shut and Hux locks it again. As he's turning back around there is the sound of Ren's heavy metal helmet hitting the ground. The Knight has discarded it and he wraps one arm around Hux, lifting him off the ground with ease and pressing a kiss to Hux's lips. Hux drops the files he has in his hands to the floor and his arms go around Ren, squeezing him tightly. "I missed you," Hux whispers as their kiss ends. "Maker, I missed you so fucking much." "As did I," Ren pulls him in for another kiss. This one is briefer and his expression is serious when he finally sets Hux back down. His voice drops to a low, urgent whisper. "We must be careful with this meeting. You especially. No matter what happens, you must give him no hint of what is between us. You must hate me, be angry at me, bury anything you feel for me. If he finds out ... " "What about you?" "I know how to hide from him," Ren's expression darkened. "Besides there are other things that will distract him, my hope is that he will not have time to examine us." "Other things? What happened? Did you find the Jedi?" "I did, he knew nothing. It was a useless waste of time." There is more to it, but he wouldn't tell Hux now, not with their meeting so close. Ren shifts the subject, "What reports are you presenting to him?" *** They stand before the hologram of the Supreme Leader twenty minutes later. Hux is rattling off numbers, statistics and presenting proposals on how they can expand their forces and their influence. If nothing else it seems to bore the Supreme Leader and when Hux finishes Snoke turns his gaze to Ren. "You found a lead on the remaining Jedi?" "I did. I found one of the Apprentices of Luke Skywalker." "Did this Apprentice have the information we seek?" "He did not, and he proved to be most difficult to subdue." Snoke frowned down at Ren. "Difficult?" "He had befriended the locals. There are many who still see the Jedi as righteous and will defend them with great zeal." "But you were successful in interrogating him and bringing him to me. Right?" "He had no useful information. He knows nothing of Skywalker's whereabouts, nor any other Jedi." "You killed him." Ren bowed his head, presenting humility. "I allowed my rage to get the better of me, to control my actions. It will not happen again." Snoke considers this words carefully before looking back to Hux. "You are dismissed General. Continue your work, bring me results." Hux nodded once and left, his boot steps echoing along the bridge that led out of the chamber. There was no hesitation in his motions and Ren was thankful that Hux would not see what came next. Snoke was standing now, the hologram shimmering as he moved. "You failed me. Are you forgetting your training? Hold onto your anger, do not let it run through you. You know better than this Ren, this lapse in discipline is upsetting. I had such high hopes for you, and you are disappointing me." Ren drops to his knees, he is not so prideful that he won't grovel before his Master, especially if it means he will survive what will come next. "I will not fail you again Master. I will find control, I will-" "Enough of your petty promises," Snoke waved a hand in disgust. "You will find the rest of the Jedi and you will send them to me. Alive. Is that understood?" "Yes, Master." "Good. Let this be a reminder to maintain your discipline," Snoke is sitting again and makes a small, twisting gesture with his hand and Kylo Ren's screams echo throughout the chamber. *** He doesn't know how long he lies on the floor after Snoke finishes with him. There's blood, so much blood. Ren picks himself up on shaky legs and leaves the empty room. He has a few precious minutes before he loses consciousness and he knows he can't make it to his quarters in that time. So he goes for the next best thing. Every step is agony and his head is swimming, but some how he makes it to the part of the ship that serves as his quiet place. Where he goes when he needs to hide. It is there, with an expanse of stars and space on the other side of the window that he leans back against the wall and slides to the ground. He manages to pull his helmet off, gasping for breath. Is there an orifice that he isn't bleeding from? His nose, ears and eyes are all leaking blood and he tastes it in the back of his throat. He feels a sharp pain in his side, oh Snoke had been furious. Ren knows he's bleeding internally, the twisting pressure put on his body has ruptured too many arteries. He'll die in a few hours if he can't stop it, but he's took weak to move at this point. He takes a deep breath and reaches out through the Force, picturing the redheaded General and feeling for him through the ebb and flow of the Force. The man is on the bridge speaking the other officers. Ren can feel the worry radiating off him. "Hux," he whispers and the man stops mid-sentence and frowns before continuing his conversation. Ren pushes harder. "Hux listen to me," Ren bites down a noise of pain. He can sense the General excusing himself from the conversation and walking away. "Don't respond, just listen!" Breathing is becoming difficult. "Go to my quarters, in my shirt drawer there's a small silver case with needles in it. Get that box. Find Phasma, she'll know where I am." Ren can't hold back the noise of pain he makes and he knows that Hux hears it through the connection and might even feel it with how strong Ren is pushing with the Force. "Hurry," Ren whispers before blackness overwhelms him. *** Hux is thunderstruck. Ren had never reached out like that. The waves of pain that had come through the brief connection to the Knight turned his stomach. It was all Hux could do not to flat out run to retrieve the case Ren had described. He couldn't ever remember feeling this panicked before and ended up dumping most of the drawers' contents on the floor before he found it. He pocketed the case and then and tracked down the Captain. Finding her took longer then expected and Hux was rapidly losing his composure. He didn't care that she had been in the middle of a blaster demonstration when he found her. "Captain, with me. Now." "Yes sir. QR-8128, take over," she tossed the blaster to her first lieutenant and followed him out. If she thought he was being rude or strange she made no mention of it. Hux led her to a isolated hallway before he spoke to her. "Where's Ren?" "I do not know Sir. If he has returned from his mission, I was not informed." Hux made a noise of frustration, he was not thinking straight, he needed to calm down. "There is a place on this ship that he goes that only you can find him at. I need you to take me there. Now." He stresses the word. She regards him, her body language giving him no hints and her helmet hiding her face. "What has happened sir?" Hux realized then that she was loyal to Ren, as a friend or comrade he couldn't tell. But he didn't have the time to dissect it. "I don't know," he admitted with frustration. "Something bad. I think he's hurt." His explanation sounds weak to his own ears and he hates it. "Sir?" Hux takes a deep breath to keep himself from screaming at her. "Our meeting with the Supreme Leader did not go well. I do not know what happened to Ren, I was dismissed before he was. Phasma, if you have any loyalty to that man as a leader and friend you must take me to where he is." She listens and then after several agonizing seconds, she nods. "Follow me Sir." Hux has to jog slightly to keep up with her, both her and Ren have those few extra inches in their legs that makes keeping pace difficult. She leads him through a series of passages and catwalks and through parts of the giant ship Hux had never known about. Finally they come to a small atrium. "This is the place," she tells Hux as they step into it. Hux would marvel at the view of the stars but his priority is finding Ren. "Hux?" A weak voice comes from behind him and Hux turns to see Ren sitting against the wall, his face pale and stained in trails of blood. "Shit! Ren!" Hux abandons the pretenses of his rank and runs to crouch next to the other man. "What the hell did he do to you?" Hux's gloved hands hover over the wounded Knight. Ren coughs and with some difficulty pulls off his own gloves. He fumbles with the cloak and manages to get it loosened around his neck. "Bleeding, internally," he winces. "You need to get to the medical bay!" "No! The case," Ren grunts, trying to straight himself against the wall. Hux pulls the case out of his pocket and opens it. Inside there are slots for ten needles, only three remain. Ren picks up one of them with a trembling hand and flicks it. He brings the sharp point to his neck, fingers feeling for a spot to prick it. "Fuck," he swears. "I'm shaking too badly, I can't do it. Hux," he presses the needle into the General's hand. "Right here," he presses shaking fingers against a scarred spot on his neck. It isn't the first time, it won't be the last. "You just need to get the tip in, don't ram it into my neck or you'll kill me." Hux stares at him, the terrifying reality of the situation becoming apparent and freezing him. "Hux, listen to me. I need your help, because if you don't do this I will die. I need you to do this!" Ren gasps, his eyes are starting to glaze. Hux moves then, his own hands are remarkably steady and he pierces the spot Ren showed him and depresses the plunger of the syringe. A small cry leaves the Knight and he winces, gritting his teeth. Hux takes the needle out, putting his thumb over the tiny wound to keep pressure on it. "Ren, what the hell did I just inject you with?" "Nanobots. They'll patch me up," Ren sucked in another breath. "Shuttle the blood back into place. I'll be fine in a few hours. I just -" He groaned, slamming a fist against the floor. "Fuck, I forgot how much this hurts." "There weren't any drugs in there? Nothing to make this easier?" Hux wants to pull his hair out in frustration. "And forgot?" he glanced at the case, at how many needles were missing. "Don't lecture me right now!" Ren's body twisted in pain. "All you had to do was bring back the stupid Jedi. Why the fuck did you kill him?" Hux rubbed his face in frustration, he was aware that Phasma was standing a few feet from them, her back was to them. Hux was certain she was listening to every word they said. "He was a kid, Hux," one of Ren's hands grasped Hux's arm with painful tightness and Hux looked back at him. Ren's expression was haunted. "A kid, a child. Younger then I was. I couldn't. I could never -" his words were cut off as he whined in pain. Hux's expression softened and he placed a hand over the one that clutched his arm. "I understand Ren." "Sir," Phasma's voice came from behind them. "I have a matter I have to attend to. Will you be able to get back by yourself?" "I believe so," Hux glanced back at Ren, the Knight was zoning out, he wasn't even sure if Ren was aware that Phasma was there. Hux looked back to the Captain again. "You have my gratitude for your assistance and your continued discretion in this matter, Captain." "Of course, Sir," she turned on her heel then and was gone. "Ren? Ren can you walk? Can you make it back to my quarters?" Hux asked him. The Knight shook his head. "Not yet. Everything is too ... spiny. You'll end up dragging me, people might wonder what happened. Just give me, give me a few minutes," Ren whispered. His breathing was becoming easier now, Hux noted so the General sat on the floor next to him. "Hux?" "Hmm?" "Thanks." "For what?" "Saving my stupid ass," Ren laughs weakly. "Oh Maker, I'm a shitty excuse for a Knight. I couldn't even-" "Stop that," Hux nudges him gently in the ribs. "None of that. I somehow doubt that the great Lord Vader you idolize so much would have handed over children to predators. That strikes me as something even he would disapprove of." Ren falls silent again and his head starts to dip to his chest. "Is it safe to let you sleep, or do we need to wait for the nanobots to get more work done?" Hux asks him, nudging him again to keep him awake. The last thing they need is Ren going into a coma. "S'okay. I just, just need to rest. Jus' for a minute," Ren's head tips to the side and rests on Hux's shoulder. Hux shifts slightly and laces his fingers in Ren's, shuddering at how cold they were. "I'm glad you came back to me," Hux tells the dozing Knight, placing a kiss on the back of Ren's hand. Chapter 4 Notes: I'll only be posting two chapters this month, this is one, and I'll post the next one next weekend. as I'm going to be going on a vacation out of state and will be taking some time to deal with my personal mental health. If you would like to creep on me and see Balance Of Power related word counts and fic updates, sentimental love quotes that give me feelings, and my terrible selfies, then feel free to follow me on Instagram @thecraftycodingfangirl. As always, a special thank you to my beta, Ms Jen. The 6th chapter will be posted in early March and will be quite long and quite dramatic. I hope you all will enjoy it and not be too mad about only getting two chapters this months. <3 "Well, the first thing is that I love monsters, I identify with monsters." ~Guillermo del Toro EDIT: The amazing Ola Bishop has blessed this monster of a fic with some very beautiful appreciation fan art for each chapter! These are linked with their permission. Chapter 4 The plans for the new base are finally complete. It's been a trying year, but finally they have the finances, the man power, and the planet needed to turn Starkiller Base from 3D blueprints into a reality. Into a threat to the Republic. This weapon will change everything. It won't have the flaws that the Old Empire's Death Stars did, there won't be any vents for proton torpedo to fly into. That's why it was so important that they find a planet to provide a structure and barrier against outside threats. If Hux were not a General with a reputation to maintain, he would have probably gone out and celebrated. Many of the other officers were, and it was well earned. Their training facilities, put in place by those before Hux, have been producing loyal troops, there hasn't been a deviant in the months. Their factories have gotten ahold of the latest tech and are starting to build TIE-fighters and star destroyer ships. Hux is honestly looking forward to getting a new flagship, while the one they're currently in certainly does its job, it is a relic and will soon cost more to do maintenance and upkeep then it will to simply build a new one. That'll be the constant battle over the coming years, keeping ahead with technology, swapping old for new and keeping the troops updated with the latest weaponry and acquiring new troopers. They can't afford to become lax, it is even more essential now that they are diligent. It's going to be expensive and take additional financial assistance, especially as the threat of the Resistance continues to grow with them. Mistakes will be costly and will not be tolerated, as Supreme Leader Snoke has reminded Hux on multiple occasions. Hux's good mood evaporated when he received the next report towards the end of the officer's meeting. There had been an anomaly, an entire squadron of Stormtroopers had started to display deviant behavior, they were being sent for reconditioning but the outlook was not optimistic. Hux scowled as he was handed the report, trying to determine how much this was going to cost them. "A clone army would not have these issues," a deep voice pointed out. Hux glared at its source. Kylo Ren was skulking at the back of the room. Hux knew the other man hated these meetings, but it was essential he attend. It would not do for the Knight to be out of the loop. "That is not a discussion for this meeting, Ren," Hux says sharply, he can see the other officers shifting, visibly uncomfortable. This is something that Hux and Ren argue about incessantly. Kylo Ren has obsessively researched the matter, even going as far as to argue about the ethics of it with Hux. But times have changed, and cloning is expensive, and can lead to bankruptcy, something that the First Order has to be mindful to avoid, especially as their growth picks up. Besides, they don't even have someone to clone for this army that Ren thinks will solve all their problems. Hux ends the meeting and gathers the reports. He'll have to meet with the pyschtechs later to discuss measures to prevent this from happening. Additional fail safes. Something. He is going to the bridge to collect the rest of the week's reports and he feels rather than hears the Knight walking along side him. Kylo Ren is not going to let it go this time and Hux knows it is going to end in screaming. It's always a chance with Ren, apparently today chance is not in Hux's favor. They're shouting at each other before they even get to the bridge and the other officers flinch at the volume of their argument. Hux was really hoping to get off the bridge before the Knight lost his temper entirely. But just as Hux thinks he might be successful in diverting the other man, Ren has drawn his lightsaber and another terminal turns into a sparking heap of scrap. It is the tenth one in a year and one of the more expensive ones to replace due to the rarity of their parts. Hux loses his temper and grabs the closest thing to him, some unfortunate officer's coffee mug, and hurls it at the Knight. It narrowly misses Ren and shatters spectacularly against the destroyed consol. Honestly Hux is surprised Ren didn't catch it with the Force and send it hurtling back towards him. The Knight is so wrapped up in his tantrum apparently he didn't even realize it was coming at him. "GET OFF MY BRIDGE!" Hux roars, he can feel the color rise in his cheeks as he lets his anger get the better of him. A few of the officers closest to him have dove for cover under their desks, lest Ren start throwing things back at Hux. It would be comical if it were happening to anyone else, but Hux is at his wits end. Slowly Ren straightens, apparently surprised that something has actually been thrown at him. A pin drop could be heard in the quiet that followed. Ren deactivates his lightsaber and turns to face Hux. "Get. Out," Hux growls, gesturing at the door, he's shaking he's so furious. Ren, for once, doesn't argue and with a dramatic whirl of his cloak he is gone. There is a collective sigh of relief throughout the bridge. Hux pinches the bridge of his nose in frustration and lets out a deep breath. "Whose coffee mug do I need to replace?" *** Hours later, Hux's personal desk is buried under his reports. Everything had to be accounted for and presented. They had to show Snoke progress, and this deviant behavior that was starting to crop up in the Stormtroopers in training was the opposite of that. The Supreme Leader would focus on that small fault rather than the larger victory they had achieved. The details would be their undoing if they weren't careful. And Hux had no idea how he was going to explain the several thousand credit repair to the console that they now needed. He could only pass off so many of those repairs as "age-related damage to electronics" for so long. A hand on the back of his neck startles him out of his thoughts and he makes to reach for his gun, but then lips press against the back of his ear. Hux lets out a breath of relief. "You need to stop sneaking up on me," he grumbles to the man behind him. Kylo Ren says nothing, cold fingers moving to undo the top buttons of Hux's uniform jacket and free him from it so he's sitting in his undershirt at his desk. Hux is still a little annoyed at the other man, and quite frankly he's not in the mood after their confrontation today. "Ren-," he starts to protest, but then those cold fingers are working at the muscles in his neck, now unhindered by the General's uniform. Fingers and thumbs move along Hux's shoulders and back now, massaging with great care, finding every single knot and working it loose. Hux groans and leans back into the other man's touch. Ren works on him for the better part of an hour. It's a strange sort of apology ritual the Knight does, because Maker be damned if either of them was going to actually acknowledge that he'd been wrong about anything. Hux doesn't mind it, it works with their relationship. Oh. He straightens from the comfortable slouch he's melted into under Ren's hands. Had it really been that long already? He looks at his calendar and is surprised to see that it has been. Ren's hands have stopped moving and are resting lightly on his shoulders, and Hux swivels in his chair to look up at him. The Knight is dressed in what Hux has come to consider his 'casual' clothing: loose, earth tone pants and a tunic, this one is a dark green. The material is unrefined, much like Ren himself and when he's dressed like this he looks younger, softer somehow. "It's been a year." "Oh?" Ren tilts his head, brow furrowing, clearly unsure what to do with this information. "Yes, actually it was a year last week. I normally remember dates better then that," Hux shrugs, but Ren still looks confused. "We've been together a year," Hux elaborates. Ren gives him a lost look and Hux has to laugh a bit. "Typically people celebrate when their personal relationships reach certain milestones." "Oh, so it's good, right?" Ren asks, a ghost of a smile on his face. He looks so hopeful like that, it is almost impossible to believe that the dark haired man has tortured and killed many of their enemies in the past year. "Yes. I think I've got something to celebrate with. I was saving it for a special occasion, now is as good a time as any," Hux stands, pressing a kiss to Ren's lips and then going into one of his cabinets and retrieving a glass bottle with an amber liquid inside it and two glasses. He sets the glasses down and opens the bottle, pouring a small amount into each glass. Hux recorked the bottle and set it down, gesturing for Ren to take the other glass as he took his own. "What is it?" Ren asked, sniffing at it and making a face. "An old bottle of Menkooro whiskey, my father gave it to me when I graduated the Academy," Hux explained. "It smells like TIE-Fighter fuel," Ren was giving Hux a doubtful look. "We're supposed to drink this?" "What, never had a drink before? Cheers." Hux gestured with his glass, sinking down into his desk chair again and tossed the drink back. Oh, that burned more then he remembered. He gave himself a small shake and glanced at Ren, who was clearly having misgivings about the whole idea. "It gets better the more you drink," Hux promised as he poured himself another glass. Ren gave the glass a suspicious glance and mustering up his courage mimicked Hux's motion of throwing it back. He gagged, it burned like he'd swallowed lava and made his eyes water and his stomach turn. If this was what the other officers had when they talked about drinking then he would pass on it for the rest of his life! "Oh Maker, Hux, that is nasty!" he made a face and watched in mild horror as his partner took a second drink and then a third. Then poured him another one. Ren groaned but drank that one down. It burned like hell, but not as badly this time. Perhaps Hux was on to something after all and he held out his glass for the other to pour more into it again. "Not that bad is it?" "I guess not," Ren leaned back against Hux's desk, pushing some papers out of the way so he could half perch on it as silence fell between them. Hux leans back in his chair, expression thoughtful, his glass pressed against his lips. He looked almost sad for a moment and then he spoke. "Do you ever wonder what might have happened if things had been different?" Ren finished his drink and held his glass for Hux to refill it. "What do you mean?" He asked as the General poured his glass, it was a little fuller this time. "If we'd been born into normal families. Followed our childhood dreams," Hux laughed, but it sounded hollow. There was no humor in it. "That bullshit. If you could go back, if you could undo it ... What would you be Ren?" The Knight is surprised by the question, and buys himself time by slowly sipping at the burning drink. The question seemed legitimate, but there was an undercurrent of hurt in it. Something that if they stepped into it too quickly would pull them under and drown them. "I wanted to be a pilot," he finally said. "You can fly?" Hux looked surprised. "Its been a while, I'm not a TIE-Fighter pilot, but I am Han Solo's son, remember?" Ren gave him a rueful smile. "As soon as I could grab the controls he was letting me steer the ship. It made my mother furious but he would always laugh and say that one day the Millennium Falcon would be mine. That someone had to take over the smuggling business," Ren felt his smile falter and he bowed his head, shoulders trembling. Damn it, why had he said so much? Why had he talked about something so stupid and painful? Those few, fleeting memories came back in a rush. They should have been happy ones, ones that anyone else would have looked back on with fondness. Ren covered his mouth with one hand as small noises of hurt tried to escape his lips. Hux had leaned forward and was resting his hand on Ren's knee. "Ren?" "Fuck!" The other man gasped, his shoulders hunching as if he wants to curl in on himself and hide. "Its all my fault! All of it!" he whispers through the fingers that he's trying to hide his expressions behind. "Ren," Hux gave his knee a gentle squeeze. Ren never spoke about his family, not aloud at least and never fondly. There was always a quiet resentment towards them and now it seemed to be nothing but regret. The other was shaking his head and straightening, taking a deep, shuddering breath. His eyes were dry and he held out his glass to Hux, gesturing with it. Hux refilled it and watched as Ren drank it down and slouched again, elbows resting on his knees, holding the empty glass in both hands between his legs. "I had a little sister," his voice was so quiet that Hux had to scoot closer to him to hear him. "Or at least I was supposed to. They were so happy, I don't think I ever saw my mother smile like she did when she finally told me." Ren paused, sniffing softly and brushing the back of his hand against his nose before he continued. "There was an assassination attempt. Someone attacked the place where we were staying during one of their political trips. I was too afraid to move, there was fire and ash everywhere. The floor above me started to collapse and she pushed me out of the way... That was the first time I felt the Force, that chill , that power ," his hands gripped the empty tumbler so tightly that Hux was certain it would shatter. Carefully he placed his hands over Ren's, thumbs stroking over the back of the Knight's. "Ren," he whispered, trying to calm the Knight. Trying to ease him back down from the edge of whatever ledge he was mentally balancing on. Ren shook his head, his breath coming fast, "I tried to stop it. Tried to catch it, but it was too much. She almost died, and... she lost the baby," Ren's voice is impossibly small and wracked with guilt. "I couldn't save either of them. If I had just moved ! If had been stronger!" Ren pulled his hands from Hux's and slammed his empty glass down on the desk, making Hux jump as the other man hid his face in his hands. Slowly Hux filled Ren's glass again, then his own, sipping at it while he gave the other man time to compose himself again. This was a mistake, he should have never asked this. He should have never let himself get so sentimental. There was always another layer with Kylo Ren, but then again Hux wasn't that much different. He reached out and lightly touched his partner's arm, letting the other know he's there. Silently Hux is so grateful: Ren is always honest with him when they're in private, there is a bluntness about the Knight, a rawness that Hux lacks. Hux, who was raised in one of the last Imperial Academies and knows all about how handle himself and how to politically maneuver. For all Kylo Ren's training and discipline, the other man was frighteningly impulsive, incapable of a middle ground, operating entirely in extremes. "You were a child, Kylo." Hux tells him, using the other man's first name as a gesture of tenderness as the other furiously scrubs at his eyes. "Anyone would've frozen, you can't blame yourself." The words are of little help now, Ren has grown up believing this, perhaps even been told it by others. But for what it's worth, Hux wants Ren to know that he doesn't blame him, he gently squeezes Ren's shoulder. Ren swore again and then straightened, taking the glass in a trembling hand he looked at Hux, eyes red and raw, as if he'd tried to tear his tear ducts out, as if that would somehow stop the pain and shame he felt. "What about you?" Ren's voice was a raspy whisper, desperate for a distraction. "Why bring this up?" Hux feels a chill go through him, Ren might be unstable but he doesn't lack for perception. "No reason," he quickly lies, quietly terrified of what he's started as he pours Ren another glass of the whiskey. "Bullshit," Ren downs the whiskey and points an accusing finger at Hux. "You wouldn't have asked me if it wasn't something you were already thinking about." Ren fixes his intense gaze on Hux, he doesn't need to read Hux's mind to know that something is straining at the reigns of the General's self control. He looked away after a few minutes, and glanced at the empty tumbler in his hand. Then it quietly dawned him, of course, how obvious. "You said your dad gave you this whiskey... So your turn now. If you could undo it all, what would you do?" He set the glass down and reached out and stroked icy finger tips along Hux's face. Hux leaned back in his chair with a heavy sigh, closing his eyes, pulling away from Ren's touch. If he allows the other to touch him more, he'll fall apart. He has to stay in control, he will not shatter. He cannot! Self control, self regulation, those are the pillars of his existence and he must not let them crumble. But Ren has placed himself in front of him again and is reaching out towards him, expression concentrated. For a moment Hux expects to feel the Knight forcing himself inside his thoughts. But Ren doesn't try to break into his mind, instead fingertips push strands of his hair out of his face. Hux lets a breath go that he didn't realize that he was holding and he opens his eyes, gazing up at Ren. He feels it then, something in their dynamic shifts between them and Hux can't stop it. Ren's fingers drift along his face to take hold of his chin and draw him up into a kiss. "Tell me," the Knight murmurs, his tone gentle, insisting and strong . Hux finds it irresistible, and a tremor runs through him. He isn't sure if its the alcohol, Ren using the Force or his own relinquishing of the power he clings so desperately to. Ren kisses him again. "Tell me." Fuck. Hux feels the last of his resistance fold, and with it comes a strange sense of relief, if the Knight was willing to carry this... Hux could feel the embarrassing pinpricks of tears already starting. It had to be the whiskey, drinking too much could unlock doors to things in people that they had long since thought they'd mastered. "I would be like my mother," he finally said, pulling away from Ren and taking a sip from his own glass. "She was an artist. Her hands," Hux swallowed heavily. "They were always covered in paint. She was always smiling, except for when my father was around. I don't know why she stayed with him. I ... I wish she hadn't. I wish... I wish you could have seen her paintings Ren," Hux glanced up at the Knight. Ren looked surprised by the sentiment and puts both of his hands around the redhead's, holding them loosely. "Can you recall one of the paintings?" Ren's voice is gentle and Hux nods. He's shaking a little bit, but he always pictures a certain one when he thinks of her. "Focus on it, and when you can see as clearly as you can see me, let me into your mind. Don't fight me, okay?" Ren leans forward, placing a kiss on Hux's forehead. "Okay," Hux takes a deep breath. He knows that Ren is asking him to trust him. To open himself and share his own darkness, his own nightmares. A year ago the Knight would have done no such thing, it gives Hux a brief pause as he realizes how far they've come. The meaning behind the gesture threatens to overwhelm him for a moment and he clutches Ren's hands tightly. Then he thinks of the picture, he can feel Ren lightly pressing at him with the Force and in the next breath he's not in his office anymore. *** He's watching his mother paint at her easel. The paints seem to flow from her brush, sometimes they're watercolors, sometimes oils, sometimes acrylics. It seems no matter what medium she uses, the results are beautiful. Planets and landscapes form from nothing under her brush, Hux loves to watch her paint. Like Ren had grown up crawling all over the Millennium Falcon, Hux had grown up with his hands in paints, in his mother's workroom, surrounded by brilliant colors. For his fourth birthday she gave him a set of oil paints, presenting it to him in secret, away from his father's stern eyes. His father didn't approve of such things, but fortunately for them, Brendol Hux was rarely there. The man was always away, fighting some battle that his son was too young to understand and his mother wanted nothing to do with. Until he was ten, Hux had seen his father only a handful of times, but heard him plenty. Brendol is always calling his mother to 'check in', to make sure she is raising his son 'properly'. He always finds fault in her gentle methods, telling her terrible things and making thinly veiled threats. Hux hides behind the door and listens as his father screams at his mother over the hologram. He wants nothing more then to turn the damn thing off and throw it out the window. He wishes she would, he doesn't understand why she lets him scream at her like that. When it's finally over he can hear his mother weeping softly. Then, unbidden, the scene shifted. The door to his mother's work room slamming open and the old General stood seething in the doorway. As a child Hux scrambles to try and hide the evidence of the painting he's been working on, even as he knows its too late. He father has seen it. "You've wasted ten years of my son's life teaching him THIS?" Brendol roars, kicking one of his mother's easels and sending it flying. "This boy is supposed to rule the galaxy one day and you're teaching him FINGER PAINTING?" He starts to destroy things then; canvases tear, pots of paint are up ended, tables smashed and more easels snap as Brendol rampages through the workroom. He moves towards Hux then, making to grab him but Hux's mother steps between them. She moves so quickly that neither father nor son realize what she's done until the sound of the slap has echoed through the destroyed room. Brendol is so stunned by the strike that he's frozen in place. "I will not raise our son to be a monster! I will not have him prescribed to your insane, egotistical and sick fantasies!" She says with a deathly calm. "So long as I draw breath, you will not corrupt him." She shifts her weight to plant herself more firmly between Hux and his father, a look of defiance on her face. Brendol says nothing, evidently never having expected this from the woman he's been belittling for the past decade. But when he finally moves it is fast, he has military training and she doesn't. He's seen combat and dealt with far greater threats then one woman. His fist connects with her face and sends her backwards, she's bleeding profusely and she staggers, and then he hits her again. This time his fist connects with her temple and she collapses. Brendol doesn't stop and he brings his boot down on her neck. Once and then twice, each time to the crunching of bones. Hux is screaming for him to stop and that's when the blow comes ... *** They both surface from the memory with a gasp. Ren's face is white and his dark eyes are wide as he stares at the man before him. "Hux, I swear I didn't-" "I know you didn't snoop," Hux whispers. "It was always there, the story behind her last painting... " he pushes the heel of his hand against his eyes, trying to keep the tears from falling. Then he laughs, he laughs because if he doesn't he will cry and lose control of himself. And he has to stay in control. He has to! "Look at us, a couple of monsters mourning over lives we never could have had! How pathetic are we?" Hux's hands are shaking almost uncontrollably as his laughter starts to become hysterics. "We could have been what? A smuggler and a starving artist? And we're sad that we aren't? We're having a pity party for ourselves because we're in a position to change the galaxy! How fucked up are we?" He's laughing still, but that doesn't seem to stop the tears. "Hux," Ren has taken one of his hands and is holding it in his. "No, no, I'm fine really!" Maker, why can't he stop crying? There's nothing he can do to change it. There was nothing that could have been done for either of them. Hux pours the last of the whiskey into his and Ren's glasses. "A toast! To the sad monsters that we are, in hopes that we can get our shit together and rule the galaxy one day!" He swallows down the last of the drink, dropping his glass onto his desk with a 'clank'. Ren takes his glass and after a moment, raises it. "To the monsters that just want to be loved," his voice is heavy with emotion and what he's said seems to stun Hux into stillness. Ren moves away from the desk in favor of leaning against the far more stable wall and sliding down it. His legs sprawl out in front of him as he settles himself on the floor, then he waits, his eyes never leaving Hux. They never talk about their families, about who they were before all this, for these very reasons. There is too much hurt below the surface, beneath the bravado of their stations they're both still children who have done or witnessed horrible things. Ren had selfishly been harboring the hope that Hux might have a semblance of normality in him, that the other man wasn't as damaged as he was. It was a foolish thought, a fantasy. Ren had known all along that the young General harbored his own demons: you didn't rise in rank that quickly without a collection of bodies and haunting secrets to keep you awake at night. He shifts his weight, keeping his posture open. This was only one of many secret things Hux carried, the General would be reluctant to share them, as a man in his position should be. If this partnership is to be as beneficial as they both want it to be then Hux will have to open himself further and Ren will have to be there to embrace him. For now though, Ren doesn't push, only waits, concerned for the other man, but uncertain as to how to proceed. Hux does have that advantage over him: he is more experienced in relationships and social settings. He knows when to praise, when to scold and when to comfort, all things Ren struggles immensely with. Ren's reflex is to draw the other close to him and hold him tightly, but as Ren knows from his own experiences that people cannot be forced into accepting help nor comfort, they have to want it on their own. And it has to be made available to them, so the Force user is careful to keep his body language calm, accepting and above all patient. There is no rush for this, the Knight knows that much. Ren watches him set the glass down on the desk with a trembling hand. For an instant he is sure Hux is going to collapse and Ren starts to rise, anticipating having to catch the other man. But Hux doesn't fall. "Ren?" Hux's voice is a whisper, he's staring at his hands, and Ren feels his uncertainty, the fear of rejection. "I'm here. My ass was just getting sore from sitting on the edge of your desk," the Knight assures him from his spot on the floor. Then Ren extends his arm to Hux, offering the redhead his hand, palm up. "Its okay, come 'ere." Hux stands, his legs shaking and the room spinning, he's drunk too much. They both have, and tomorrow is going to bring one hell of a hangover. But he focuses on making it to Ren, taking his hand and letting the Knight pull him down into his lap and position him so he's straddling the larger man. Only once they're settled does Hux presses his face into the crook of Ren's neck, his breath coming in panicked gulps. "I've got you," Ren reassures him, strong arms moving around him to stroke his back. "I've got you. It's okay." It takes a minute but then Hux is sobbing against Ren. "He killed her! He killed her, Ren! I hate him so much!" To finally say it aloud, things he's never admitted to anyone. Not past lovers or close friends. No one has ever known and he's carried the weight for so long, it's almost frightening to let it go. He can't release it entirely, but it is the small start, a returning of the trust that Ren has shown him. Perhaps this partnership will work after all; perhaps their darkest secrets will complement each other after all. Ren says nothing to these exclamations. He lets Hux scream his hatred for his father at the top of his lungs and all the curses at the man that his heart desires, without any judgment. He holds Hux in a hug that is crushing, and lets him rage and mourn. The anger is rolling off the redhead in waves that threaten to drown them both, the strength of it is terrifying and in that moment Ren is very glad that Hux is not Force sensitive. He focuses on keeping his own breathing level, and turns all his attention to his partner. The man he might have called 'lover' in another life. The Knight reaches out through the Force. He feels the darkness there, waiting, it ebbs and flows like a comforting friend. Ren takes that darkness and gathers it up, it is cool and clammy, like the wind along a beach before a storm hits. He gives the darkness shape and form, and then wraps them both in it as if it were a giant blanket. He feels Hux gasp against him and go still as the Force energy hisses softly, surrounding them, thickening the air and blocking the light from the lamp on Hux's desk. "Don't be afraid," Ren whispers to him. "I will never let the darkness harm you." He presses a kiss to Hux's temple. "We are safe here, nothing can hurt us," he reaches out with the Force again and this time, gives it the form of hands and moves them over the redhead's shaking body. The touches startle Hux, who clings tighter to him, showing unusual vulnerability. The Knight responds by running a hand through Hux's hair, treasuring the display of weakness from the great General that has been chosen to lead the First Order. "Ren?" Hux's voice sounds almost like a child's. "Hmm?" Ren glances down at those sinfully green eyes, stroking a thumb over Hux's cheek. The General looks away then, and Ren can feel his hesitation, so he presses, ever so gently. He turns Hux's face back to his and kisses him, letting the invisible hands stroking Hux's body to vanish, returning them to the swirl of darkness that surrounds them. "What can I do to help?" Ren offers as he breaks the kiss. Hux closes his eyes, bites his lip and looks away, as if he's ashamed of himself. "I... I need you." He looks back at Ren, color rising in his cheeks as his eyes drop. "Please?" It takes Ren a moment to realize what's being asked of him. But through the haze of alcohol it slowly becomes clear and he smiles slightly. "For you and you alone, Hux," he whispers. He has his own nervousness, but squashes it down. Damnably, the anxiety rises again, this is new to him, the fear of not being able to perform. He has never done this, never had the chance. And now, in this moment, Hux is trusting Ren enough to care for him in this fragile state speaks volumes, and the last thing Ren wants to do is ruin it. This is something he can do, something he can give, the thought inspires a small confidence in the Force user and Ren draws Hux close, kissing him. Hux responds instantly, leaning into the kiss with trembling lips. If he's shaking with need or fear, Ren can't tell and he won't pry into the other's mind now. He focuses entirely on the task at hand, on the present moment. His own hands, go between them to undo the button and fly of Hux's pants and the redhead whines. "Shh," Ren soothes him and moves his hands to rest on Hux's hips, pulling them together so there isn't any space between them. Then his hands slide down the back of Hux's pants, griping his ass and rocking the General against him. Hux makes a noise and Ren captures his lips again, kissing him hard. They break for air, gasping and Ren attacks his neck, he bites and sucks at the pale, faintly freckled skin, leaving marks that will bruise and be well hidden by the General's uniform. Hux is moaning softly in Ren's ear, arms wrapped around the large man. "You are mine, and mine alone," Ren breathes the words like a prayer against Hux's neck before biting at his collar bone. Their clothes are getting in the way now, inhibiting Ren's progress of marking up the redhead's body. He wants to cover the other man in bruises that will linger, that Hux will see every time he looks in the mirror and be reminded that he is possessed by the Knight. There has always been a level of aggression, and a hint of pain to their couplings and it has become magnified as their partnership has continued. Some of their most rapacious and passionate moments are after they spar, filled with adrenaline and already bruised. It didn't take Hux long to figure out that he can make Ren cum without even touching him, just by applying the right about of biting pain to the kisses he places on the Knight's bloodied lips. Easy enough, as Ren had never bothered to hide that particular kink from him. Figuring out Hux however was a bit trickier for the Knight. Until he noticed that his General's breathing falters and how hard he gets when Ren cries out as he presses his fingers on the purple bruises that decorate the Knight's chest and back. The discovery of these desires doesn't not eliminate the few tender moments between them, when care is taken. Instead it serves to magnify them: for every bite mark there is a kiss, for every bruise, a gentle touch. It is never black and white nor clean cut. They never talk about it openly, treating it as they do everything else that might bring this delicate arrangement crashing down: in silence, trusting their bodies to talk instead and cover each other in bruises and welts. Small marks, at first, but when they are desperate, when the sheer hunger overcomes them, they draw blood as they bite, claw and fuck, feeding the dark monsters inside them. Tonight, their demons are too close to the surface, things are too fragile. One of them might break, might lose control. The thought both terrifies and thrills Kylo Ren as one of his hands claws at Hux's ass. His nails dig into the soft flesh and the redhead in his lap makes a piteous noise, shuddering against him. In moments of weakness, much like this one, Hux craves the pain just as much as Ren does. The nature of their violent, frightening desires remains unexplored for the time being. Tonight is not the night for it. Tonight Hux needs a measure of comfort, a return on the investment that he's patiently given Ren for the past year. Ren gives it, gladly, if not nervously. The Knight moves, surging to his feet, his hands going to support Hux, shifting the other man to carry him bridal style. Much to Ren's surprise, Hux does not protest or raise any complaints about it, his arms staying around Ren's neck, his body shaking. There is a brief pause in Ren's motions as he comes to the bed, considering how to proceed, how much roughness was needed and wanted. Finally he lays Hux down on the sheets with great care before crawling over him to trap the other man between him and the bed. "I'm going to mark you," he whispers in Hux's ear, as he pins the other man's hands above his head. He's trying to build his own confidence as he speaks. "Terrify you, torture you and make you cum and then?" He presses a kiss that is too gentle, that doesn't match with his harsh words, to Hux's lips. "Then, I'm going to fuck you." The General is panting as Ren makes these promises to him, struggling slightly against the hand that Ren is holding him down with. Ren pauses, his eyes studying the body language of his partner, searching for signs of legitimate protest. He finds none, only the toying struggling against him that is partially for show, for Hux to find his footing in this strange shift in power that they're experiencing and partially because Hux wants to grind against him. Ren tightens his grip on Hux's wrists, one of his own hands easily restrains the other man. He forgets sometimes that while they're close in height, the General is easily dwarfed by him, soft and lean where Ren is broad and muscled. Ren places a kiss on one of Hux's exposed wrists, sucking at the skin, raising a mark that will be barely concealed by the other man's uniform sleeve. Then he leans down, kissing the redhead, a hand going to stroke his face and trail down his neck, pausing there, applying pressure to Hux's Adam's Apple until the General gasps for air. Ren moves his hand then and in a swift motion grasps Hux's undershirt and tears it. The white cotton material offers little resistant and shreds down the middle, exposing the General to him. He feels Hux flinch and gasp beneath him and smiles to himself. With a low growl of desire, Ren moves, his hand tracing over Hux's belly and hips as his mouth leaves sinful red marks all over the pale skin. He bites at Hux's chest and ribs, using his nails to scratch lightly at the unmarred flesh and offer a contrasting sensation to the sharp pain of teeth. The General is making soft noises, his struggling against Ren's hold on him ceased in favor of trying to grind his hips against the larger man. The Knight traps Hux's legs with his own and lets his hands go free in favor of taking Hux's half open pants in his hands and yanking on them and the underwear beneath. The black uniform material and boxers offers a bit more resistance then the undershirt, but they too tear and are pulled off and discarded on the floor behind them. Hux is naked beneath him now, gazing up at him with hungry, green eyes. The General pushes himself up on his elbows, chest heaving and Ren leans forward and kisses him, a hand going to squeeze and stroke at Hux's cock. Hux groans and bucks into Ren's hand, whining as cool finger tips release their hold on him and go to toy with the red curls at the base of his cock. "Be still," Ren murmurs to him, breaking their kiss. He places both hands on the General's hips and whispers kisses along his belly, lightly nipping at the jut of bone from Hux's pelvis. Above him Hux's breath is coming in gasps, and one of the General's hands finds its way to his head, stroking carefully at his hair. Ren turns his face to the hand and kisses its palm before sliding his hands under Hux's knees and tipping him backwards so he's flat on the bed again, his ankles resting on Ren's shoulders. Ren sits on his heels and makes quick work of the boots and socks on Hux's feet before placing light kisses on the other man's ankles, his hands roaming down his legs back to his hips. Hux makes a needy noise and Ren has to take a deep breath to keep his self control before continuing. He kisses his way up Hux's legs, the graze of his lips going from gentle back to fierce as he gets closer to Hux's cock. He leaves four bruising hickeys on Hux's inner thighs before pulling away to gaze down at his partner. Hux is clutching the bedding, shaking, eyes half lidded and face flushed. "Ren," he whispers, desire and need wrapped into the single word. Ren traces a finger tip over the tip of Hux's weeping cock and the General sobs . "By the Maker, you are exquisite," Ren whispers in small awe, his own cock hard and his nerves tight. He wants to fuck Hux right here and now, but that will end in disappointment, he knows. 'Take care of Hux first,' he reminds himself sternly. 'Then you can embarrass yourself with your inexperience.' He lets a ragged breath go, placing a kiss on the other man's hip once more and then motions for the General to roll over. Hux does with an eagerness that pushes Ren's self control to its very limit and he has to close his eyes against the sight of the wanton redhead presenting himself to him. His own hand is trembling as he reaches out and traces over Hux's ass. The redhead moans and rocks back towards him, a tempting invitation. "Shh," Ren soothes him again, trying to decide his next course of action. Tonight he opts to be gentle and he lightly drags his nails down Hux's arched back, watching as the other man shivers. "Be very still now," he instructs Hux before he spreads the other man's cheeks, letting his warmth breath tease the sensitive area. Hux has frozen beneath him and that is when Ren presses his tongue against the tight ring of flesh he's exposed. A low keen leaves the redhead as Ren starts to lap at the tightly clenched muscle and then forward to the tender skin between Hux's inner thighs. His hands are kneading Hux's ass as his tongue moves and explores the crevice. Then, when Hux is trembling, Ren pushes his tongue inside. Hux cries out, hips going to buck backwards, trying to penetrate himself further. Ren keeps him still with firm hands and he reaches out through the Force and caresses Hux's face once, which earns him a small whimper as he continues to work his tongue into the other man's body. It doesn't take long for Hux to get riled up again and start bucking back against Ren. The Knight pulls away from him, licking the fingers of one hand while the other keeps a firm grip on Hux's ass. Just as Hux starts to protest, Ren leans up against him and presses his tongue inside that all too willing body again and then one of his fingers follows. Hux mewls and bucks back against him, a quiet chant of 'yes, yes, yes' coming from his lips. Ren pulls his face away and adds another finger and stops restraining Hux's hips in favor of stroking his other hand down the General's spine. Hux's face is pressed against the bed and he's rocking himself against Ren's fingers with incredibly urgency. Ren adds a third finger and pushes the General over onto his side and then his back. "I want to see your face," Ren whispers, drinking in the sight of the disheveled man before him. "When you cum from my fingers inside you," He works his fingers deeper and Hux cries out as Ren pins his hands above his head again with his free hand. "Go on, give in," Ren crones in the General's ear, moving the digits in and out of his trembling body. Hux starts to buck against the thrust of his fingers, his breathing coming in frantic sobs, his cock straining against his belly. "So greedy," Ren teases. "You'll take my entire fist if I give it to you, won't you?" He strokes the last finger along the trembling edge of Hux's stretched flesh while his thumb traces over his perineum. When he thinks that Hux may just go crazy from the stimulation, Ren reaches out through the Force and strokes an invisible hand over Hux's cock, squeezing just enough... Hux comes undone entirely as he tries to move up into the invisible hand touching him and back against Ren's moving fingers as Ren pushes them deep inside. Hux cums with a cry that turns into a whimper, spilling all over himself as he does. "Ren," he gasps. "Want you, inside me," he begs and Kylo Ren feels the last of his carefully applied restraint snap. He's tearing his own clothing off and lubing his cock when Hux grabs him and pins him to the bed with a euphoric grin on his face. Ren starts to protest but then Hux straddles him, one hand resting on his chest and the other gripping his pulsing cock and guiding it. Ren's hands find their way to Hux's hips and he digs his fingers into the flesh. "Pull me down," Hux murmurs to him, his voice distant, still high from his own orgasm and the whiskey they've drunk. Ren notices that he's shaking, they both are and he tries to steady himself, but the moment the tip of his cock breaches that tight heat, he knows he's lost the battle for self control. His hips buck up, almost throwing Hux off of him as he pulls the other man down against him as far as he can go. He manages to three frantic thrusts before he spills inside the redhead with a curse. Above him he can hear Hux moaning softly as he rocks himself, squeezing his body around the last of Ren's hardness. "You feel good," Hux murmurs. "Its been so long since... " a shiver runs through him and he stills. Ren is too embarrassed to look at the other man, until Hux touches his face. "It'll last longer as you get used to the sensations," he assures the Knight. "No one lasts long in the beginning." "Don't encourage me too much, I might bend you over your desk," Ren offers him a smile and a yawn, feeling drowsy, the alcohol's sedative effect catching up to him. "Hmmm," Hux doesn't look displeased with the notion and carefully moves, sighing as Ren's cock slips out of him and he settles next to Ren, his head on the Knight's broad chest, Ren slips an arm around him. They lay there in silence for a few minutes, on the verge of dozing off. "Bath?" Ren suggests with another yawn. "On one condition," Hux sits up and gazes down at him. Ren raises an eyebrow, curious. "What?" "Stay tonight," the words leave Hux in a rush. It isn't quite pleading, but he doesn't want to be alone, not tonight. Even after a year Ren only spends the night if he's about to go on a mission and tonight has been too much, tonight Hux needs him close, something he can never say aloud. Ren sits up and pulls Hux to him, hugging him tightly. "For you," he whispers in Hux's ear. "Anything." *** Ren has to admit to himself, he likes Hux's bathroom. There are certain luxuries, like the large garden tub and the nearly endless hot water. The Knight's own quarters are sparse, almost primitive in comparison, by his own choice of course. Denying himself certain things, hot water, a comfortable bed and warmth, among other things, makes his connection to the Dark Side stronger. By keeping these thing at a distance, he keeps mind clear, keeps his focus and prevents dangerous attachment. Then, of course, he would go and throw all that harsh self-discipline away by coming to Hux's room and indulging . The Knight sighed and leaned back in the tub, letting himself relax a tiny bit. Hux is dozing, leaning back against his chest, nestled perfectly between his legs and the water is so hot it is almost painful. They're both well fucked and drunk and couldn't be more at peace with the galaxy. For a few moments, Kylo Ren's world is perfect. He slides one arm around Hux's chest, pressing a kiss behind his ear and smiles to himself as he realizes the feeling welling up in his own chest: he is happy . It is almost frightening to admit it, to even think it, even more so to consider the other half of it: he is in love, he is wanted. No, he shakes his head. That is too dangerous, that will get them both killed, and he quickly pushes the thoughts from his mind. Hux is stirring in his arms, mumbling and frowning and Ren turns his attention to his partner. Hux tends to project his dreams, despite how diligently he guards his thoughts when he is awake. Sometimes Ren catches snippets of things, sees a glimpse of a face, the echo of a name. He's never pried into Hux's dreams before, but now, he is curious. Carefully, he uses the Force to glance at the dream- "NO!" Hux jerks awake, scrambling against the Knight and gripping at the sides of the bathtub. Ren lets him go and the redhead quickly puts the length of the bathtub between them. Neither of them speak and Ren slowly pulls his legs to his chest to give Hux more room. The other man is shaking and not looking at him, his hands have a white knuckle grip on the edge of the tub. "Hux," Ren speaks the other man's name softly, trying to gauge his reaction. "Stay out of my head!" Hux nearly shouts the words, a muscle in his jaw is twitching. "Hux, I-" "No, not this," the redhead is still shaking despite the warmth of the water. "No," he raises his eyes to meet Ren's, there is something haunted there, something terrifying. Ren is silent, considering his next words. He decides to ignore caution entirely. "Hux, who was Leon?" Ren might as well have waved a severed head in front of the General, the expression his face would have been about the same. "How?" Is the only word the other can muster. "You say his name sometimes when you sleep, you dream about him. About others," Ren holds the General's gaze, his brow knits as he speaks. "But they're always sad dreams. What happened to him? Them?" Hux looks away, expression pained and for the first time, the silence between them is almost suffocating. "Please," Hux whispers, finally looking back at Ren. "Not tonight. I can't ... Please?" In that moment Hux looks so frightened, so damnably fragile, so unlike himself, that it actually scares Ren a bit. It wasn't just the memory associated with the last painting Hux's mother had made, there was more. So much more, and the weight of it was crushing the redhead, but if he let go of it all at once it would kill him. "Alright," Ren keeps his tone soft. "Not tonight," he promises and watches Hux practically collapse in relief. That is when the Knight moves. He slides through the water and pulls the shaking redhead into his arms, holding him tightly. Hux doesn't fight him, but presses himself closer to Ren, hiding against the larger man, as if that would keep all the terrors that haunted him at bay. "You are mine. I am yours. When you are ready, I will gladly share the weight you carry within you. I will not shrink from your darkness," Ren murmurs to him, his voice low and trembling with emotion. "My General." Hux pulls away at those words, but not far, just enough to look back up at Ren. His hands go to Ren's face and there is something in those green eyes that Ren has never seen before. Then it dawns on him, he doesn't need the Force to see what it is, and he is terrified, for what he sees is love . This will end them. Be their downfall. It will kill them. But the words he fears never leave Hux's lips, the General isn't so careless, and for that Ren is thankful. Instead Hux gives him a half smile, something like relief and his hands slide to rest behind Ren's neck, "Then take me, my Knight. Make me yours again ... Chase the darkness away?" There is that smallest of hesitations that reminds them both of how young they still are and how easily either of them could break. It makes Ren shudder and he pulls Hux into a kiss, gathering the other man in his arms and standing. They leave the bath and its warm water in favor of the bed, its blankets and each other's bodies. They trade nightmares and bad memories for kisses, breathless moans and the quiet crying out of each other's names. Dimly, they're both aware that theirs is not a love story, but a tragedy of monsters. There can be no happy ending for them, there never is for monsters, such a thing is inconceivable. But foolishly, as the young often do, they hold out hope that monsters can be redeemed. Chapter 5 Notes: So best laid plans and all. This is technically the first part of what would have been a very long chapter 5, my beta is experiencing some issues with her computer and since I've been out of state for a few days the second half of the chapter has been delayed so I'm posting what I've got. I do hope you enjoy, this is as close to fluff as this story is probably ever going to get. <3 If you want to keep up with my word counts and other blatherings you follow me on Instagram @THECRAFTYCODINGFANGIRL EDIT: The amazing Ola Bishop has blessed this monster of a fic with some very beautiful appreciation fan art for each chapter! These are linked with their permission. Chapter 5 Ren's head was spinning, or was that the room, he couldn't tell. His mouth was dry and his stomach turned. With a grunt he tried to untangle himself from the bedding he was twisted up in, his brain felt wrung out and it was difficult to focus on anything: the moment he thought he had it all went into a spiral again. His limbs were heavy and wouldn't cooperate, a frightening concept to the Knight, that he might not be in control of his own body. He felt like he'd been drugged, his movements were uncoordinated and when he finally managed to raise himself up on an elbow and a bolt of pain shot through his temples as his vision blurred. He collapsed back down on the mattress with a small whine that might have been fear, as it became a struggle to keep his eyes open and his world went dark again. *** Hux knew he was going to have a hangover before he even opened his eyes. He'd been down this road a few times at the Academy with his fellow classmates and upper underclassmen. Trying to garner the respect of those who didn't matter by drinking too much warm beer that had been snuck into the Academy and later, when he was older, too much liquor. But it had been some years since he'd been this hung over, and he was very much aware that he was in no condition to do much of anything, least of all command the ship. But one's responsibilities didn't stop because of poor decisions. He groaned and pushed himself to sit up, fighting down the urge to vomit. He could do this, just take the galaxy's hottest shower, take a anti-nausea tablet and six cups of black coffee ... Then he heard the whimper beside him. He had to be careful, his stomach was twisting dangerously and moving too fast would aggravate it further. On the other side of his bed was Kylo Ren, the Knight was tangled in the bedding, clinging to the sheets. He looked paler then usual and when Hux carefully leaned over to check on him, he saw that the younger man was shaking slightly. "Ren?" Hux whispered quietly. The only response he got was a whine and Ren shifted slightly, dark eyes opening a crack, trying to focus on the source of Hux's voice before rolling back into his head and sliding shut again. "Shit," Hux groaned, rubbing a hand over his face. The other man had really never had a drink before and now he was having his first hangover and it was a brutal one at that. Hux sat there for a few minutes, considering his options and then with a heavy sigh got up and staggered to his desk. He made it without throwing up, something that was a feat in and of itself, considering the bottle of whiskey was empty on his desk. They had really finished it between them. It took him twenty minutes to type out the five line message and another ten to manage to select the correct recipients. One of his lower ranked lieutenants had been showing some exceptional potential, so now was the man's chance to prove himself. Surely they could manage the old Star Destroyer for one day. *** Something cool and damp pressed against his face and Ren pulled away from it with a whine. When the thing persisted, he tried to brush it away with an ungraceful flailing of one arm. "Stop being difficult," a voice whispered to him and he cracked his eyes open. His vision swam, not as badly as before but still enough to make his stomach churn. Someone was pressing something small and bitter to his lips. "Take these," the voice whispered as he made a noise of protest. "It'll help with the nausea." Ren tried to protest but his brain couldn't seem to form words, it was hurting too much so he relented. The pills got stuck in his throat, making him gag, but someone lifted his head and pressed a glass to his lips. "Drink a bit, it'll help, it's just water." Finding himself with no other options, Ren obeyed, a trembling hand going to grasp the cup. He was agonizingly thirsty and the water was so cold. The cup was pulled away after he'd managed a few swallows. "You idiot, you'll make yourself sick and I'm not cleaning that up." Finally Ren was able to place the voice's owner. "Hux?" he whispered, his voice usually strained. "Of course, who else would it be?" "Wha-" "You're hungover," Hux didn't sound that great himself and Ren was still having a hard time getting his vision to focus. He tried to reach out with the Force, but his connection to that was hazy as well, and then he felt the other man settle on the bed next to him. "And so am I." There was something almost endearing to know that the General was feeling just as unpleasant as he was. But there was work to do, as nice as it would be to lie there with mutually miserable company... Ren started to try and sit up, but Hux put a hand on his chest. "Stay." "There're things-" "I've made arrangements, everything is taken care of. Just ... Just be still," Hux's voice sounded strained as he shifted on the bed so they sat side by side now. Ren glanced at the General from where he lay, his vision finally clearing a little, the redhead looked like death warmed over: too pale and the marks that littered his body from the night prior stood out with shocking clarity. With great care and immense concentration, the Knight reached out to Hux, fingers stroking the arm closest to him. "Thank you," Ren murmured. Hux looked at him and gave him a half smile, almost apologetic. There was an aftertaste of sadness from the night before, it hung heavy in the air. "Its my fault you're hung over." "I could have refused the drink. Besides, are you sure this isn't some cunning ploy you've crafted to keep me in your bed for a while longer?" Ren slide his arm around Hux and he felt the other man relax into the hold. "If I wanted to keep you in my bed I'd do something far more elegant, more enjoyable," Hux yawned, this was surreal. Were they actually having some bizarre, hungover pillow talk? "I look forward to that day," Ren mused softly, closing his eyes. He didn't know it was possible for his body to feel so tired . After all his training, all his missions, he'd never felt this drained, this exhausted. Then, unbidden, Ren felt a strange wave of sadness roll over him, something he couldn't place. A sehnsucht , a yearning for something that eluded him. The intensity of it was so great that it made the Knight tremble and he felt Hux moving beside him, warm hands going to cup his face. "Kylo," There it was, that tender use of his first name, the General must have really been worried to use it twice in twenty-four hours. "What-" "I'm okay," Ren forced himself to say. "I'm okay. I just ... " He opened his eyes and felt words fail him. The ache was there, the desire, stronger and more powerful then any fear or pain the Knight had ever known. He brought his hands up to cup over Hux's and brought them to his lips, kissing the palms. Hux is trembling too now, Ren isn't sure if that is from the hangover or if he feels it too. That urge to run . "Hux," Ren whispers. "We-" he stops himself. He can't say the words aloud. He doesn't dare, but the pull now is stronger then ever. It is so tempting, it would be so easy too. Especially knowing what he does after last night, but Ren fights the urge down, holds back the words. "Kylo?" there is something like fear in Hux's voice and he's moved again, practically straddling the Knight. His eyes are too wide, expression too open, there is raw fear just radiating off Hux. "It's nothing," Ren tells him, lies to him. Kylo Ren will tell a million lies to himself, to Snoke if it will mean keeping Hux safe. But Maker help him he cannot lie to Hux, not truly. He tries to look away but Hux's hands hold his face and now they're both shaking. "Liar," Hux whispers, almost matter-of-fact in his tone. Ren pushes himself up in the bed so he's resting against the backboard, and brings his own hands to Hux's face, mirroring the other man's hold on him. Carefully he reaches out through the Force, his hold on it is friable at best but it is enough. He presses the thought, the feeling that has seized hold of him, into Hux's mind and watches as the General stiffens, gasping. "Do you feel it too?" Ren whispers, and the redhead nods, swallowing heavily. Ren pulls him close then, cradling Hux against him and pressing his lips to his ear. "We- We could run ," his voice cracks with the emotion as he whispers the words in Hux's ear. Ren feels Hux shudder against him and cling tightly to him. Then the words can't stop coming, damnable and traitorous as they are, Kylo Ren cannot stop them. "We could leave all this. Run anywhere. Disappear. We could be free of our past," he tells Hux, breathless and desperate, knowing that these words could kill them both. That if Snoke ever found out ... In that moment he can't tell if it is Hux or himself that is sobbing. "He'll kill us," Hux whispers, as he clings to Ren like he is life itself. "We'd be dead before we got anywhere. We-" "But will we still be alive when all this is over?" Ren pulls away to look at the man he loves, eyes desperate. "Or will we be empty shells? Would you become like your father? Would I ... become something more twisted then the Supreme Leader? If we run-" "At least we'll have a chance at being alive," Hux finishes the sentence for him and looks away. "How do we know we aren't already dead? We're pawns, both of us. You know it as well as I do, young men sent to fight and die at the fancy of the old. Besides ... what is left to save?" There is so much heart ache, so much hopelessness in those words that Kylo Ren doesn't have an answer. Silence falls between them and all he can do is draw Hux close to him, holding him tightly until their trembling ceases. Slowly they slide back down into the bed, arms around each other, legs entangled and hearts racing with the traitorous whispers they've just exchanged. Gradually their breathing slows and hang over induced exhaustion starts to creep back to them. Hux falls victim to it first, head resting on Ren's chest and his breathing slow and even, despite small tremors going through him. They will never speak of this morning. Of these words, and fears, of what they both know to be true. In the end it will all just be a hazy dream: the frightening clarity of it all, the reality that it is too late for them. Hux must follow in his father's footsteps, he must believe whole heartedly in the glory of the Old Empire and how the First Order will rise from those ashes. And then there is Ren. He must be the all consuming darkness, he must follow the path his grandfather has put in place. He must not fail like his grandfather did. The fear, the darkness, it is all he can know. There is no golden light, no warmth. The Light is a lie. He repeats that mantra over and over. He has never seen the Light, never felt it, his reality ends at his perception. His perception is his conviction. In moments like this however, Kylo Ren's conviction is shaken. With Hux cradled in his arms, warm and soft, the Knight would be blind not to question it. But questions he knows are not redemption. There is not forgiving the terrible things he has done, that he has yet to do. "Would that I could," Ren whispered to the sleeping General, pressing a kiss to his temple. "I would save you." *** When Hux wakes up again the room isn't spinning nearly as much, and his stomach doesn't feel like its going to upend itself anymore. He's also hopelessly trapped in his bed as his legs are entangled in Ren's and the other man has an arm under his head, cradling it as one hand wraps around his forehead, and the other arm is wrapped around his waist, firmly hugging Hux back against the larger man. Ren's breathing is slow and easy, and Hux lies there for a few minutes listening to it. He tries to remember what they were talking about before they fell asleep again, but the subject is bizarrely elusive, so he decides not to bother. Hung over pillow talk, nothing of import. He stretches slightly, trying his very best not to wake the other man, but Ren is a light sleeper and at Hux's first shift the Knight's breathing changes. "Stay," the Knight rumbles, pulling Hux closer to him so they're flush together, holding him tighter, a hand gently carding through his hair. There is a certain possessiveness to the gesture, coupled with feeling Ren's hardness pressing against him, that makes Hux shiver pleasantly. "I'm not going anywhere," Hux reassures him, relaxing into the hold. He feels Ren's mouth on his shoulder, pressing kisses along the top of it and all up and down his neck. Then, almost tenderly, the Knight bites where neck and shoulder connect. Its a soft graze of teeth and the pressure gradually increases until Hux feels the skin break and cries out softly. Ren holds him like that, the arm wrapped around Hux's waist is clawing welts into his inner thighs. "Mine," Ren whispers and Hux feels the Knight pressing the weight of the word into his mind with the Force. The sensation is all-consuming and makes Hux tremble right down to his core. "Yes," he gasps, wanting nothing more in that moment then to be possessed by Kylo Ren. The hair in Hux's hair leaves, fumbling in the sheets and pillows for something. Ren finds what he's looking for and there is the snap of a cap as the Knight releases his hold on Hux. The General makes an embarrassingly needful noise, which is instantly met with the touch of invisible hands that he cannot see. They caress him briefly and leave him trembling as Ren pulls him back against him again. Hux's back is to Ren's chest and their legs tangle together as Ren places a hand on his hip. Then it feels like time stand still, and there is a ghost of a kiss on the back of Hux's neck and Ren is pressing inside him. Hux's entire body tenses, his body is sore but opens to his Knight willingly enough. His flesh is raw and his nerves are oversensitive but by the Maker does it feel good to be held so tightly! To be filled and fucked to the point where he feels like he might lose his mind. Ren is seated entirely inside him now and not moving, he can hear the Knight's ragged breathing in his ear. Then Ren's hands start to move, they caress Hux's body, whispering over every bruise and welt with care that leaves the General quivering. When the Knight finally moves, it is in a slow, rocking motion. His hands stopping their worship of the General's body in favor of holding him, one hand on his hip and the other wrapped around his chest again. Ren's mouth is on the bite wound again, his tongue fussing at the torn flesh. Hux grasps for something to hold on to, and his own hands finally settle over the Knight's arm that is over his chest. Ren moves again, slowly now, so much more in control now without the clumsiness of alcohol, and the sheer anxiety that comes with the first time. They stay like that, entwined in every way and Hux sobs quietly at the sheer intensity of it. Of being so close to someone after being cut off for so long, being so guarded, it had been years since ... "Mine," Ren reminds him, growling in his ear like a feral animal. It pulls Hux from his thoughts, keeps him in the present. "Yes," he whispers the word like a prayer. "Yes. Kylo ..." The Knight is fucking him with a maddening slowness and such tenderness, that Hux doesn't want to end. Whatever words he was trying to string together are lost now, all that exists is the two of them, and Hux isn't even sure where he starts and Ren begins anymore. His entire world is a slow burn of pleasure, pain and Ren breathing in his ear. Finally Ren takes his hand off Hux's hip and places it over one of Hux's, giving it a gentle squeeze before easing it from its tight grip on the arm Ren has wrapped around his chest. Ren moves their hands together, down Hux's belly to his cock and in tandem they touch. The sensation is electric, both alien and familiar: his hand joined with Ren's to touch himself. It is too much and Hux cums with a small cry, shuddering as Ren continues to stroke him through his orgasm, keeping him hard. His entire body is buzzing now, it feels like he's on fire and he can't catch his breath. Then Ren goes absolutely still behind him, clutching him tightly and letting out a harsh cry, a sob of relief and a held breath all in one motion. Hux's feels Ren's cock pulse inside him and the full body shudder that goes through the Knight afterwards. Slowly Ren loosens his hold on Hux and with a small groan Hux pulls away, just enough for Ren to slide out of him and then he turns in the Knight's arms. It's hard to see much in the darkness of his room, there's a small glowing light near the base of the door and a few faint dots from Hux's tablet and computer, but for the most part it's all black. Hux reaches out in the dark and his fingers lightly brush Ren's face. With great care the General traces his finger tips all over the other man's features before drawing him into a kiss. His arms go around Ren's neck, pulling the other man closer to him and continuing to kiss him. No words now. Words will only muddy things up, get in the way, get them killed. So Hux kisses his Knight and lover until they're both done shaking and Ren's breathing has slowed. They fall asleep like that, lips mere centimeters apart, arms around each other, as if that will ward off their monsters. *** Ren awakens to find the spot next to him in the bed empty. He lies there, taking in his environment .... Water is running in another room. A shower. He relaxes minutely. How long has he been here? He'd lost track of time, it had all melted away and gotten confused, become unimportant. The only thing that had mattered was touching Hux, kissing him, holding him ... The water stops and then the sound of wet footsteps travels from bathroom to bedroom and Ren feels the bed sink behind him. He can feel the wet heat radiating off the General, and the Knight doesn't move. He is careful to keep his breathing easy, he's not sure if Hux is aware that he is awake and he's curious to see what the other man does. Much to Ren's surprise Hux starts to speak. His voice is quiet, humble, so unlike Hux that Ren almost turns towards him to make sure it really is him. Almost. "If I thought we could get away, that we could make a clean break, I would run away with you in a heartbeat. If I thought that Snoke wasn't expecting it, wasn't looking for some sign of weakness. If I thought we could outrun the First Order's founders. If we stood even the slightest chance, but if we run now, we die," he falls silent then, breathing heavily. Ren's hands fist in the sheets, his heart is going too fast, and his own breathing faltering in the silence of the room. "I am not a brave man, Kylo," Hux whispers in the darkness. "I am not your salvation. I ... I cannot even save myself. I'm so sorry." There is so much misery in the redhead's voice, so much shame, that Ren can't bear it. He rolls over, turning to see Hux's back to him, a towel wrapped around his waist. The Knight reaches out, his fingers brushing against warm, wet skin. Hux turns to look back at him, expression one of anguish, one of his hands finds Ren's and holds it tightly. "Hey," Ren whispers to him, offering the other man a sad smile. "Hey," Hux echoes, pressing the back of Ren's hand to his lips and kissing it. "Ren, I-" "Shh," Kylo pulls his General down into his arms, kissing him hard. They couldn't talk about hopeless dreams, not anymore. They had to bury it, hide it where no one could find it. Where it couldn't be used against them. Until the time was right, if such a time ever came. He kisses Hux until the other man is panting and then they lie there in silence, in the dark of the General's cabin. The tension slowly leaves them and once again the quiet between them has become comfortable. And then Ren's stomach growls like an irate Rancor. "I should leave," Ren murmurs, starting to pull away. "You should stay," Hux presses a warm hand against Ren's chest and watches as he shudders and stills. "I had a droid bring some food a little while ago. You were still sleeping, I didn't want to wake you." "I shouldn't ..." "I've never seen you eat once in the past year. Obviously you do, so humor me," Hux moves so he is inelegantly and inconveniently sprawled on top of the Knight. "My training has stringent requirements," Ren tells him, there is a hint of embarrassment that felt out of place coming from the Knight. "I should not ... indulge." Hux stares at the dark haired man and laughs a little. It is just too ridiculous to be believable. "You're kidding, right?" "No." Hux sits there in shock. "So what, you eat nutrition supplements?" "Yes." Ren is looking the other way now, clearly uncomfortable with the turn the conversation has taken. "Self-denial is part of my training. It is suppose to make me stronger if I ... can resist ... things. It will make me more efficient if I do not crave petty things. Things that others have." "Oh?" Hux pushes himself up on his elbows, perplexed and feeling a growing concern in the pit of his stomach. "Like what?" "Warmth," Ren looks back at him and brushes an ice cold finger to his cheek. "Touch. Sleep. This arrangement ... " His hand drops away from Hux's face. "I should leave. I've been here too long." " Indulged too much?" Hux sits up, feeling like someone has poured fire into his chest. He is angry, he has been for a long time, since that night in his office when he first confronted Ren. For a year he's been so very careful to keep it hidden, to not let it leak out, to push it as far from his mind as possible. He's even tried to forget it, lest it cloud his vision, lest the Supreme Leader catch even the faintest hint of it. Now though, it is in the forefront of his mind, burning like a white hot brand. Ren senses it, he has to have, because he's completely still, holding his breath even. "He'll kill you Ren," Hux whispers, "if you let him control you like this." "Hux-" "He doesn't own you!" Hux yells, grabbing one of Ren's arms. "You aren't his pet! He doesn't get to make those decisions, when you sleep, what you eat. You're not some - some beast for him to do with as he wishes!" The Knight pulls away from him and Hux sees fear in those dark eyes. "It isn't that simple," Ren whispers. "What do you-" Hux stops and stares then at his lover, how the larger man has tried to make himself as small as possible, a hand guarding his neck and placed the width of the bed between himself and Hux. "No ... " the word is a pathetic denial. Hux is almost begging for it not to be true. "I didn't show you everything that night," Ren says quietly. "I couldn't live with myself if you ... " "If I knew?" Hux yelled, furious at this omission. That the man he trusts and loves has held this back from him. "No! If you got angry and did something stupid like you're thinking of doing right now!" Ren shouts back at him and Hux feels the Knight then, the presence in his head. He was so wrapped up in his rage that Ren was able to slip inside his mind unnoticed. The Knight continues to shout back at him "I would rather you stay a coward and by my side then to die in a hopeless vendetta! Don't you understand that? Why do you think I shield your mind when we meet with Snoke?" "You, shield-" "Yes! Every time! Because if he gets even the slightest inkling that you are against him he will kill you! Or worse ... " Ren's voice drops and he looks down. "Make me kill you. I can't lose you Hux, I'll go mad." Hux swallows heavily and looks away, his hands clenched in tight fists. The Knight is right of course, any action will doom them both. Hux hates it, and hates Snoke in that moment almost more than his own father. He waits until he has calmed, not daring to move while he's still filled with such potent rage. It subsides, finally. He stands without saying another word and walks around the bed to where Ren is. The larger man is cowering as if expecting a blow and he flinches as Hux draws him into a hug. It only makes Hux want to kill Snoke even more, to forsake his father's legacy, to resist the destiny thrust upon him. Even if it means his death. "Please stay Kylo," he whispers, pressing his lips against the top of the other man's head. "Stay a little longer, please." There is a moment of hesitation and he's certain that the Knight will pull away from him. But then Ren's arms return the embrace. They stay like that until Ren's stomach practically howls in complaint and Hux pulls away from him to retrieve the tray of food he's had brought to the room. "So what do you like?" the redhead asks, as he sets it down on the bed between himself and Ren. "You're probably hungover still, so some carbs might do you ... " he trails off as he notices Ren's expression. "If the smell is making you nauseas-" "No, its not." "Well please, just, don't throw up on my bed." "I ... I won't," Ren still makes no motion towards the modest meal of bagels, fruit and bacon. "Do I need to force feed you?" Hux rolls his eyes, he still isn't trusting that the Knight won't projectile vomit all over if he tries to eat. He watches the Knight start to move, almost reaching out and then pulling his hand back, as if he's second guessing himself. Ren does this a few more times before Hux loses patience. He picks up a piece of fruit, a red berry about half the size of his thumb and holds it out to the Knight. "Just eat Ren. Please?" The other regards the offered piece of fruit for a moment and then leans forward and eats it out of Hux's hand. The General stares at him, his breath hitching, because that was unexpected, but not so much as the quiet moan that came from Ren as he slowly chewed the piece of fruit. "It has been ... so long," he whispered, his eyes closed and body swaying slightly, like one having a religious experience. "I forgot ... How sweet these were." Hux stares, drinking in the sight of Ren undone before him by a simple piece of fruit and swallows heavily. Ren finally swallows the fruit and opens his eyes again, staring at Hux from across the bed with a needful expression. "Go on," Hux whispers, gesturing at the tray of food. "Eat." "I- I can't." "Ren you just -" "No," the Knight's voice is soft, and then, as if explaining a concept to a small child, he elaborates. "You fed me, but I did not eat. It's different." Hux feels his stomach twist slightly and he pushes down the anger that threatens to rise again. "Semantics, Ren," Hux realizes he's pleading with the other man. That he is afraid of doing this, he doesn't want to do this! "Hux, please," Ren whispers. He needs this, wants this so badly, to taste the sweetness of the fruit again, but he's rooted in place. Paralyzed by something buried in his subconscious. A fear he doesn't dare explore. And he is so hungry . He doesn't remember the last time he's felt like this and he needs it more than air. "I'm not your master Kylo!" Hux snaps, harsher then he meant to and Ren sucks in a sharp breath. Hux looks away, struggling to keep his composure. "I'm not. I won't be." He won't acknowledge the part of him that finds the idea of Ren crawling to him, begging for him, to be a very attractive one. The part of him that wants to lose control of himself, that wants to hurt the other man. Hux crushes the monster back down. 'Not again' , he tells himself. He will not let this happen again. "Hux?" Ren's voice breaks through his thoughts and he looks up to find the dark haired man almost nose to nose with him. " Please ," Ren whines. "I'm so hungry." Hux feels the Knight press the feeling into his skull, the agonizing craving, his own helplessness to cure it and how mind-blowingly sweet that one taste of fruit had been. "Kylo," Hux leans forward, closing the space between them, resting his forehead against the Knight's and bringing a hand up to stroke Ren's face. A broken noise comes from Ren and he leans into the touch. "Please don't ask me to be a monster. Ask me anything, anything but that." In that moment it is hard to tell if Ren is more broken or Hux is more afraid. They've come to a strange impasse, and neither of them is willing or able to reach out and take control. The scales of balance between them tipping back and forth unsteadily, behaving more like a bladed pendulum: haphazard and dangerous. But they need to move, one of them must, the implications behind their words have brought them to the edge. They cannot loiter here, if they take a misstep now they will fall. It's Hux who finally manages to yank them away from the edge of collapse, who takes the first step. He pulls Ren down into his lap and the Knight falls forward with a surprised noise, flailing against Hux in a panic until the General manages to flip him so Ren's back is against his chest. "Easy, easy," he soothes his frantic partner, stroking dark hair out of his face, one arm around the other man's chest. "Its okay Kylo." Hux knows he hasn't overpowered the other man, something he could never hope to do, just trapped him. The struggling is one of Ren's non-verbal warnings that Hux has come to recognize over the past year. It's not unlike a beast growling before attacking: Ren doesn't want to hurt him, but if he is frightened enough he will. Hux had to calm the other man or he'll end up being Force thrown into a wall. "It's okay, Kylo," Hux murmurs to him again. "Its okay, I know you're hungry." That seems to reach the Knight and his struggles cease. "I'll help, let me help," Hux promises and slowly Ren starts to relax. The Knight shifts once in Hux's lap and shudders, Hux's towel is between them while Ren himself is still nude from the night prior, and in this position, with all that has just transpired, it makes him feel too exposed. He presses a whisper of anxiety into his partner's mind and Hux reacts without hesitation, pulling one of the blankets over the Knight's body. They stay like that, Hux giving Ren time to calm down again, pressing kisses to the top of his head. Then the Knight's stomach practically howls and Ren covers his face with a groan of embarrassment. "Here," Hux whispers to him and Ren peeks through his fingers to see the red head's hand offering him another piece of fruit. "Its okay, eat," Hux tells him. Ren lets his hands fall away from his face and Hux presses the fruit to his lips. The moment lasts forever until Ren moves and with a small moan takes the fruit from Hux's fingers, lips and tongue brushing over the tips of his lover's fingers. His entire body is trembling as he eats it and his hands go to grasp the arm Hux has wrapped around his chest because otherwise he might not be able to ground himself. His senses are overloaded in that moment with the intensity of the taste, of what he's denied himself for years. Hux is offering him another piece, and Ren takes it eagerly. Perhaps too eagerly, as he accidentally bites the other man's fingers. "Ow! Careful!" Hux is shaking his hand to relieve some of the sting before selecting another piece of fruit. "Be gentle, will you? Someone will notice if my fingers go missing." He offers Ren the next piece and the Knight takes it, pausing to let his lips linger on Hux's palm. Behind him, Ren hears Hux moan so very softly and the arm he has around Ren tightens its hold just a bit. The intensity of the fruits' sweetness never completely leaves, but it does lessen a bit by the time the bowl is empty. Ren is completely relaxed in Hux's arms and the General is breaking apart a bagel and offering a chunk of it to Ren. The Knight hesitates and then slowly reaches his hand out and takes it, noting the expression on the General's face that quickly changed from surprised to pleased. "Thank you," Ren murmurs as he starts to chew on the doughy bread. Hux doesn't reply, but kisses the top of his head, that's answer enough for Ren. The General probably doesn't realize it, but he is radiating with care and affection. There is a warmth to it that Ren can't get enough of. He's become addicted to in the past year, it's one of his favorite, and most frustrating, things about Hux: how the General projects his emotions so clearly. The Knight presses himself closer to Hux with a content noise. "You mentioned something earlier," Hux mused, as if reading Ren's mind. "About shielding me ... " Ren felt all the peace drain out of him, his body tensed. This was not a conversation he wanted to have! Not now! "Yes," he answered grudgingly. "What did you mean? Is there something I'm giving away?" Hux sounds worried, very unlike himself. Ren shifts in the General's arms so he can better look at him, if that is what this is about .. then he can handle that. "Not quite," he pauses, considering how to explain the finesse of this aspect of the Force to someone who lacks a connection to it. "You, ah, tend to broadcast your thoughts. Your expressions don't shift but your mind does. A lot. I don't think you realize it." "Oh?" Hux processes this. "Do you ... you know, listen in?" "I try not to," Ren admits with a bit of a smile. Hux is quite the opposite of him, which surprised the Knight once he realized it. "But you're very loud. Half the time it's like you're yelling, so it's a bit hard to ignore. So that's why I shield you." "How does that work exactly? I can't tell when you do it." Hux's interest is surprising, but not upsetting. Rather it builds a small bubble of excitement in Ren's chest, that his partner is so curious about this. "Well I'm not touching your thoughts, but rather applying a filter to them." "And Snoke can't tell?" Hux sounds dubious and almost a little scared. "I'm ... very good at keeping memories and thoughts cloaked," Ren tells him, pausing to take a bite of the chunk of bagel he's been turning over and over in his hands. "I had to be. To protect ... " He doesn't finish the sentence, he can't. Hux takes the hint fortunately and asks something else. "Is it difficult to do?" "Hmmm, sometimes. Especially when you're ah, angry," Ren mumbles. "It's really difficult then, because everything floats to the surface." There have been times when Hux's thoughts threaten to overwhelm Ren, like he's barely holding back a flood. In those terrifying moments he has been certain that Snoke has seen past the filter and found out everything, that he knows and is just toying with them. That their end is coming for them and they won't even see it and it will be all Ren's fault- "Is there anything I can do," Hux's voice saves him from that terrifying train of thought and he turns his attention back to the red head. "To quiet my thoughts. To help?" Ren considers the question with a frown. "It's different for Force sensitives, I wouldn't explain it right. It's not as simple as just meditating or thinking happy thoughts ... " "But you're a good teacher," Hux points out and Ren looks away, trying not to smile at the compliment, feeling the warm glow that is in his chest swell a bit more. "It's not the same as throwing a punch. It's like trying to explain color to a blind person who has never seen it." he tries to explain. Then it hits him, of course, it was obvious! "Oh. Oh!" "What?" "Phasma," Ren knows he's grinning like an idiot, but the solution is so simple. "What about her?" "Okay, listen," Ren turns and sits up so he's properly facing Hux now, his expression serious. "You cannot tell anyone. Ever. At all." "Why?" Hux gives him a confused look. "They would kill her. She's -" Ren pauses, biting his lip, he's almost afraid to say it. He's had the suspicion for sometime now, but it's really the only answer. He hasn't even shared the thought with her, he doesn't even think she knows . He takes a deep breath before continuing in a low whisper. "She's Force-Resistant Hux." The General gives him a baffled look and Ren makes a noise of frustration. "She can block people who use the Force, she can push them out of her mind! Light or Dark it doesn't matter. She can nullify the effects of the Force!" "But she isn't Force sensitive?" "Exactly! There are some species that naturally have that ability, but she's strong Hux. She could help, could show you, she would know how to block others- " Ren knows he's babbling and doing a terrible job of explaining this, but he's too excited to care. "You trust her?" Hux asks after a minute. "I know she's helped before, but do you really trust her, with this?" Ren catches the undercurrent of his words, with our lives , is left unsaid. "I trust her implicitly. She ... She is my friend, my confidant," he said quietly, anxiety filling him and he hopes that Hux doesn't misinterpret his words, as the General has become very quiet now. "Does she know more then I do?" Hux finally asks and Ren shakes his head. "No. Nothing about my past. We don't talk about that. Ever." "But you do talk," there is an edge to Hux's voice that chills Ren slightly. "She is easy to talk to. Companionable. You ... You and I work better without words. Words between us always make a mess of things. I ... " Ren wraps his arms around himself, suddenly cold again, freezing. "I am always afraid that I'll destroy what we have." He falls silent then, suddenly exhausted and drained and so very cold. But then Hux is pulling him back to him, holding him tightly against his chest. "Don't be afraid," the General murmurs and Ren lets out a sigh of relief. Hux kisses him. "Tell me," he says to Ren with a bit of a smile. "What am I 'broadcasting'?" Ren closes his eyes, surprised that he has to search for Hux, normally the other man is so loud , but then he finds him. The Knight reaches out through the Force a bit more, and feels the warmth that he has come to associate with his partner. Then it is flooding him, and Ren gasps, shivering as Hux pulls him into a kiss. "Kylo," Hux placed a kiss on Ren's forehead. "It's okay." They finish eating in silence and for the first time, Kylo Ren stays for a second night in a row. They don't talk any more that evening, the past day has been filled with too many words. Instead Hux just runs his hands over his lover's back and through his hair as Kylo lies, half curled in his lap like an oversize cat, his arms wrapped around Hux's waist. When sleep finally comes to them, it takes them gently, without troubling dreams, into the blackness of oblivion. Chapter 6 Notes: I do not know if canonically D'Qar is a Force-Sensitive planet, but for the sake of this fic, it is. I am also interpreting the progression of Dark Side strength/powers as Yoda explains them in "The Empire Strikes Back": Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering. My interpretation of this is that accessing the Dark Side through fear puts the user at the bottom rung of the ladder of progression/power/ability, while hatred would be the most powerful and anger somewhere in between. Some of this chapter's interpretation of the Dark Side of the Force may inadvertently have been influenced by the "Darth Plagueis" book by James Luceno that I was listening to over vacation. I am unaware if that book is still considered canon or not but I found it to be a most excellent interpretation and representation of the Sith/Dark Side point of view. Be aware gentle readers that this chapter contains attempted rape, semi-graphic torture and many, many feelings. EDIT: The amazing Ola Bishop has blessed this monster of a fic with some very beautiful appreciation fan art for each chapter! These are linked with their permission. Chapter 6 "Captain." The deep voice cuts through her thoughts and Phasma looks up from the screen she's entering data into. She's in her office, her helmet and blaster off to one size of her desk as she works on mind-numbing training reports. One would have thought that as fanatical a military group as the First Order was they would have found a way to eliminate paperwork, digital or otherwise. But reports can wait, Kylo Ren is standing on the threshold of her door, mask and all and no one keeps Kylo Ren waiting. She rises hastily, snapping to a salute. "Lord Ren," she keeps her tone formal. If they were not within earshot of the troopers she might have responded quite differently. "What can I do for you, sir?" He steps inside her office, and motions for her to sit. She does, even though he does not, instead he picks a report up off her desk and studies it. "I have need of your assistance with a rather delicate matter. It is something I can entrust only you with." "Sir?" His words are calculated and measured, she has half an idea of what he means but with his mask on it makes for a more complicated guessing game. "I will have details for you, later," he emphasizes the word and she sighs. Of course it would be tonight, things were always urgent with Kylo. "Understood, sir." "Good," he leaves without another word. --- "I'm not your errand girl you know," she grumbles at him later that evening. They're leaning against the railing of the atrium, gazing out at space. She's dressed in her gym sweats and he's in his typical black robes, although for now the helmet rests on the floor a few feet away. "And I am not sending you on an errand." "Then please do enlighten me as to why you demanded we discuss whatever this is tonight of all nights and why it couldn't wait?" "What? Did you have a cute date?" He quips at her, a faint smile on his face. "Wouldn't you like to know? And speaking of dates, I assume that's why you and Hux were AWOL yesterday?" She gave him a knowing grin and he at least had the decency to look a bit embarrassed. "Umm hungover actually." "Oh? I didn't take you for a drinker, Kylo." "I'm not, I mean I don't. I've never-" he seemed to trip over his words and she laughed a bit. "Ah I see. So what was the occasion then?" At that question he blushed and mumbled something into his cowl that she couldn't quite hear. "What was that?" she leaned closer, nudging his shoulder with her own. "What was that now? Come on, tell me!" He was quiet for a long time and she strongly considered putting him in a headlock and bullying it out of him, but Kylo tended to not respond well to that. "Anniversary," he finally whispered, as if the word was dangerous. "What? No way!" Phasma had her suspicions, had walked in on them practically trying to devour each other in the gym, and Kylo had hinted at it, but never really came out and said it. She had just assumed it was a fling, some sort of angry hate-fucking, given how much they seemed to get on each other's nerves. But an anniversary? That would have to mean that things were far more serious then she'd originally thought! A smile covered her face as she grabbed his arms and turned him to face her. "Really? Kylo that's fantastic! How long?" He looked uncomfortable, almost worried and her smile faded. "Kylo?" "One year," his voice was hushed. "I-I need your help. You're the only one who can." "With what?" He was making her anxious now. "I need you to train Hux." "Excuse me?" She frowned, perplexed. "What are you talking about? What could General-fucking-Hux possibly need training in?" He took several deep breathes before answering her. "You know how you are able to push me out of your mind? How you can essentially repel my Force abilities?" "Yes," she answered hesitantly, not entirely sure where he's going with this. "Do you know why you're able to do that?" "I might have done some research," keeping her tone causal. "So you know then, what power you have?" He seems almost relieved as he looks at her. "You know why I'm being so cautious about this?" "Because someone who is Force Resistant is a threat to your Master," she whispers, she knows this. The few records she's found have chilled her, both Jedi and Sith were not fond of Force Resistant humans or any other species. She's been getting better at disarming and disabling Kylo's Force powers in the past year as they've continued to spare. The more she does it, the easier it becomes. Snoke was no Sith, but she felt like he wouldn't appreciate knowing that a Stormtrooper Captain could potentially disable him. "What does this have to do with the General?" "I need you to help him hide his thoughts. To reign himself in and shield himself," Kylo is looking at her with a fear in his expression that she's never quite seen before. He's been afraid for his own life, she's seen that many times, but this is new, him being afraid for another person. Then he elaborates, "I've been shielding him from Snoke, but I won't be able to forever. One day he will have to go before Snoke alone and he must not allow his thoughts to betray him! He needs to learn control!" There is a frantic tone in Kylo's voice and she rubs his arms where her hands are resting in an effort to comfort him. "Snoke will kill him if he finds out," Kylo's voice is a whisper and his face has gone white. "You love him don't you?" she asks quietly and he physically flinches back from the word like its an violent accusation. That's as good as a 'yes' for her. "Of course I'll help you, why do-" She's interrupted by him suddenly hugging her. Kylo has never been one to initiate embraces; in fact, he usually shies away from them or is incredibly stiff when she manages to trap him in a hug of any sort. Slowly she returns the embrace. "You big idiot," she tells him affectionately, patting him on the back. "You don't ever have to ask." "Thank you," he whispers, his voice is trembling with emotion. "Thank you so much." "Of course, Kylo," she replies, tightening the hug a bit. It's scary to see him this afraid, it reminds her of one of her brothers, especially her younger brother, the one she lost first. "Hey, it'll be okay," she promises him, blinking back some unwelcome tears and rubbing Kylo's back as she starts to break the hug. "I'll look after Hux for you, don't worry." He pulls away, pushing the heel of his hand to his own eyes and she lets a hand linger on his arm, reassuring him. She has a few doubts, mostly because Hux is so high above her in rank, he's always been very guarded around her, very formal. She just hopes he'll listen to what she has to say, that he'll apply it. Kylo puts a hand over hers giving it a squeeze and they stand, side by side, gazing out at the universe on display before them. --- Ren feels the summons before the hologram comes to life. He is sitting on the floor of his quarters meditating, but the second that he feels the summons, he is moving, shifting to one knee and bowing his head as the blue of the hologram illuminates his room Snoke's voice fills his ears. "Master," he murmurs in greeting. "There have been no leads on the Jedi in some time Ren," Snoke doesn't sound displeased, which in itself is worrisome, Ren keeps his head bowed. "Master, they are proving to be more ellusiv-" "I have a new task for you," Snoke interrupts his excuse and Ren falls silent. "Sitting for too long on a Star Destroyer will make you idle, will tempt you, Ren. We can't have all your hard training going to waste, that would be wasteful." He doesn't respond to his Master's words, it is too obvious a trap. Instead he holds his breath, pulling his thoughts closer to himself, locking them behind mental walls of ice and waiting for Snoke to continue. Finally the ancient being does. "Go to the Ileenium system, to D'Qar." "Master?" Ren dares to look up at the other being, his stomach knotting. "I have heard for reliable resources that this Resistance is going to try to establish a base there. Investigate this, find out if it is true and report back to me." "Yes, my Master," he bows his head again, hoping they are finished. "Personally." Snoke adds and Ren thinks he might throw up. "Master?" "I want you to report back to me personally Ren. Do not think that I've forgotten your last failure there, your attempt at running from me." Ren can feel himself being crushed with every word Snoke speaks. Its a reminder that even from thousands of light years away Snoke can reach him, can snuff him out without a thought. "No my Master. I will not fail you, I know my place," he whispers as the breath is squeezed out of his lungs. "Good. Leave within the hour, alone." "Yes my Master." "Leave your lightsaber, it will not do for you to be identified, especially if our sources are correct." Here Ren hesitates and he knows Snoke senses it, because in the next instant a cold, invisible hand is jerking him up by the neck so his eyes meet his Master's. "Do not question me, Ren. You will leave your weapon, you will complete this mission without fail and you will report to me personally upon its completion. Have I made myself clear?" Snoke's voice is a growl and frantically Ren nods, clawing at his throat, his air supply entirely cut off. Snoke releases him and he collapses to the ground. "I will await your report, my Apprentice." "Yes, my Master," Ren can barely get the words out and he thanks the Maker and all her stars that the hologram goes dark in the next moment. --- Ren's hands are still trembling as he keys in the code to the restricted hanger. No one has access to it but him, if they did, they might ask why the leader of the Knights of Ren had such a shabby ship. It really isn't much to look at, it's a very old and very small, personal shuttle, but it is his. He thinks the model may have originated during the Clone Wars, but he can't be certain. "Hey, old girl," he touches the black helm of the shuttle affectionately. This ship has been with him for five years now, she had been blue when he'd won her, but the color stood out too much so Ren had gotten her painted. Black was much better, easier to hide. Her original owner had called the shuttle Salvaged Hope and Ren had never renamed the ship, the name was fitting for her. He'd been dumped on an Outer Rim planet by Snoke as one of his training assignments and tasked with two things: survive for a year and then get off the planet and make it back to his Master. Snoke was fond of those sort of 'training' exercises, the ones where his Apprentice had a very high chance of dying, he found them amusing. That year had been awful, and it had taken all of Ren's skill with the Force and a great deal of craftiness to escape the damned place. He had won the ship in a highly rigged game of cards, one that he should have lost, and almost did. Had he not been desperate and willing enough to bet his own life and freedom during the last hand he would still be stuck on that damned rock. Thankfully he'd figured out the trick, and with a bit of Force mind tricks, Salvaged Hope had become his. He'd had a few repairs done to her along with the paint, but her body style gives her age away. When she needs to though, she holds together and pulls through. She isn't any Millennium Falcon, not by a long shot. She's only meant for two, perhaps three people, if someone is willing to sleep on the floor. There's no room for cargo, every other month something seems to break on her and she has no weapons of any sort, but Ren loves this ship all the same. She's perfect for covert operations, especially those that Snoke sends him on that are outside of the First Order's normal functions. And can she ever fly , that is if he gets the settings just right and no valves burst, then the Salvaged Hope soars with the best of them. But most importantly, she's his and he has precious few possessions anymore. "All right," he murmurs to the ship, dropping his satchel on the floor next to him as he slides into the pilot's seat, his hands moving over the switches to power her up. "Let's go for a ride." --- It'll take about a week to get to D'Qar, assuming nothing on Salvaged Hope breaks and causes him to have to stop for repairs. Then from D'Qar, roughly three days to get to Snoke's lair, Ren doesn't consider where his Master resides a base, temple, or citadel, its more like a well designed, fancy purgatory. Then from there another week to get back to the old Star Destroyer that he is starting to call 'home'. Back to Hux and Phasma. But he can't think about them now. He has to clear his mind for this. This is a test, one he can't fail. One that he suspects Snoke wants him to fail. It feels like a trap. So Kylo Ren puts the shuttle on auto pilot and changes out of his black robes and into something that doesn't scream 'I use the Dark Side of the Force', quite as loudly: Brown pants, a green tunic and a brown, hooded cloak. Then he settles himself on the floor of the craft and meditates. "Fear makes me strong. Fear protects me. Fear keeps me cold. Nothing can harm ice," he whispers to himself and feels the comforting weight of the Dark Side encircle around him and press against him, the gesture almost like that of a doting mother. Fear is what gave him access to the Force, not hot blooded anger, not burning hatred, like all the other stories of Sith Lords and corrupted Jedi. No, it is ice cold fear that showed him the way. It is his mantra, an unusual one he knows, but effective. He has no idea what trial awaits him on D'Qar, so he prepares for the worst. He envisions the cold, dark ice of the Force shrouding him, his memories. "Ice distorts everything, those who look upon me shall see only what I want them to. Ice protects me. If I am cold I cannot be touched. Cannot be corrupted." --- Hux hadn't seen Ren in three days. It was as if the Knight had vanished entirely and it was unlike Kylo to just leave without saying anything, but apparently he had. The old Star Destroyer was remarkably quiet when the Knight wasn't on board, meetings went much quicker, morale was better and nothing got broken. Rather things were going so smoothly that it was starting to become eerie. Finally something out of the ordinary happened: Hux got a message from Phasma. Training. 0100 hours. There was nothing else in the message. He could only guess that this had been with regards to what he and Ren had discussed prior to the Knight's disappearing act. So he went to the gym that night and found his Captain in the middle of jumping rope, the light plastic material whipping around her in a blur and her face red from exertion. Her eyes went to his and she gave him a small nod of acknowledgement, bringing the rope to an abrupt stop. They stared at each other for several seconds, uncertain as to how to proceed. "So ... any idea where he is?" Hux finally asked. "None, sir. However, there was access to one of the restricted hangers a few days ago," she wiped sweat from her brow. "If he left, it would have been then. My guess is that he wasn't given a choice in his departure time." "He doesn't have a personal ship," Hux frowned, something was awry: usually when Ren went on a mission he took a handful of troopers and a First Order shuttle. "All of the shuttles are accounted for. None of your troopers are AWOL?" "Believe me, sir, if they were you would have be told." "You didn't find it fitting to tell me that the hanger was accessed, why?" Hux crossed his arms and glared at the woman. They interacted enough professionally, she did her job well and was respected by her troops, but his conversations with her were limited outside of that. There had been those few times that he'd called upon her discretion and she had helped willingly enough, but Hux suspected that had been more for Ren's sake then her own fondness of him. She was glaring at him now, cracking her knuckles, if it was an idle gesture or a warning Hux wasn't sure. "Well you didn't find it fitting to tell me you've been fucking my friend for a year," she almost snarls at him with a venom that he's not seen from her before. " Sir ." "You are on the very edge of insubordination, Captain. I suggest you reconsider what tone you take with me," Hux meets her glare unflinchingly. For a moment it looks like she has more to say, but then changes her mind. Her posture shifts and it goes from defensive to open and she motions for him to follow her to the sparing mats where she starts to wrap her hands and wrists in strips of fabric. Hux follows, baffled. "He asked me to train you," her tone is light, amicable even as she knots the wraps on her hands. "I will do so. But in order for this to be effective we need to drop all pretenses. Is that something you are willing to do?" She looks at him, expression serious. "This will not work, none of this will work, if we are at odds with each other." "If we are going to do that then we need to be honest with each other," Hux stays at the edge of the mats watching her for a minute before stepping closer. "I've never been anything but honest and tactful with you. What's this really about?" she takes up a guarded stance and he sighs, moving in to take a stance of his own. He'll have to be careful, she's got almost more reach than Ren does. "He trusts you," Hux says carefully as he moves to attack her. Phasma grunts and sidesteps him, a leg snapping out to connect with his head, but he blocks it and puts more space between them. "He trusts you as well," she counters and charges him, going low, trying to take out his legs. Hux twists to avoid her and her elbow catches him in the back of his head. The room spins for a minute, but he doesn't fall, he turns again, and his foot connects with her shin, causing her to stagger and hop away from him. "He called you his confidant," Hux lunges at her left side, feints and then tackles her to the ground, moving to pin her. That was a mistake apparently. The Captain shifts her hips and all of a sudden Hux's world is upside down and one of his arms is twisted painfully behind his back. Phasma is breathing heavily behind him. "Wait, that's what this is about? You being fucking jealous?" she pants as he tries to fight his way free. When she says it like that it sounds petty and stupid and Hux feels his face burn with embarrassment and he struggles against her hold. She sighs in exasperation and easily pins him, pressing his face down against the mats. "Stop struggling, you'll break your arm," she warns him, twisting his arm more. He grunts and stills. "Now you listen. He's like a little brother to me, I'm not his side piece. It's fucking insulting that you would even think that," she moves, manipulating his arm so that he is forced onto his back and then she sits on him. Not quite crushing him, but putting enough of her weight on him so that he knows he isn't getting away. "We're on the same side, Hux. We have to work together, otherwise all three of us will get killed. And you know it too," she's remarkably calm as she speaks and Hux has to admire her for that. Their sparring doesn't seem to have affect her at all. He sighs, looking away from the woman pinning him. "I ... am not used to asking for help," he mutters. He's not used to being bad at things either, to being told that he's not as in control of himself as he needs to be. "That I am endangering him because I lack control over my thoughts is-" "Troubling?" "That's one way to put it." He is mad at himself, mad that his control is so poor that Ren has felt it necessary to protect him against Snoke. It kills him, because he knows, he has seen, just how terrified the Apprentice is of his Master. It is horrifically humbling and Hux can't let it continue. He looks up at Phasma, she's studying him intently, waiting for him to speak. "Tell me what I have to do," his voice is a whisper because in that moment his is very much afraid. Not for himself, but for Ren. He is afraid that his lover's sudden departure is not coincidental, that they may already be too late. Phasma offers him a half smile and gets off him, pulling him up to his feet with ease. "Come with me." --- Ren lets out a sigh of relief as his feet connect with the ground. A thousand smells and sounds assault his senses and he takes them all in. D'Qar is a forested planet, a little swampy at the edges before giving way to fresh water rivers, warm, sunny and teeming with such life . After being in space for so long the noise of nature is welcome and he sways for a moment, almost overwhelmed. This truly is a beautiful place, peaceful and untouched by civilization. At least that is what he hoped. He adjusts the satchel strap on his shoulder, the bag holds nutrition rations and a canteen, enough for three days. Enough, he hoped, to find that there was nothing but old ruins of a incomplete base that the Rebellion from the Old Empire had once thought about building. He closes his eyes and reaches out with the Force and feels the hum of life on the planet, it touches him back curiously. Then eyes opening, he starts walking, letting the Force guide him. Ren walks all day. He doesn't feel tired, doesn't feel hunger, he's too caught up in the Force. In its ebb and flow, it falls and rises like music. It feels almost like he is following a faint song that he cannot hear. The Force is remarkably strong on this planet. Not all planets are like this, some are dead and some are dark. Sullust is dark and filled with fire and hate. That place scares him, but not D'Qar. Perhaps, the Knight considered, that was why he'd tried to kill himself when he had been here previously. Because at least here he might die under the illusion of comfort. He keeps walking, no particular destination in mind. The terrain is easy enough to traverse, the hardwood forests are considerably more forgiving then those of tropical jungles where plants grow thick and heavy in the oppressive heat. There are a few remarkable landscape features, small mountains and outcroppings. Ren knows exactly which one to climb and he is trembling by the time he reaches the waterfall. The sun has set and the coolness of night is taking hold as he stands at the edge of the falls. This was the spot. Slowly he sinks to his knees as a breeze moves through the trees. He shivers, and then he realizes how agonizingly thirsty he is, how dark the planet gets at night. There is no moon in the sky for him to guess what hour it is, if D'Qar lacks the satellite or it simply isn't the right phase he doesn't know. But he isn't afraid, there is a certain peacefulness in this darkness. Ren cups his hands and gathers the water that sprays off the top of the cliff and brings it to his lips. He could use his canteen, but in this moment connecting with the planet is more important, he wants to taste this world that is so peaceful. The water is cool and almost sweet and sends chills through him. He ends up leaning down to drink directly out of the stream. Even after being in a desert for weeks, he's never been so thirsty. Finally he sits back up, gasping for breath. The woods are quiet, save for the breeze and stars fill the sky overhead. He needs to keep moving, he has a mission, a task to complete. But the planet itself seems to hold him, rooting him there to the spot with gentle instance. Little one, it whispers to him, wrapping the Force around him, warm compared to his coldness. Stay. "I cannot," he whispers. Stay. "My Master will be displeased if I dawdle." Just until dawn. Stay. So he does, kneeling at the edge of the falls. He takes in all he can, the feel of grass and dirt beneath him, the spray from the falls and the quiet whispers and chirps that come from the forest at night. Ren doesn't sleep, he permitted himself time to do that before landing. He will sleep again after he has met with Snoke, for now he only wants to absorb all that he can. Memorize it all and preserve the growing feeling of peace within himself. Dawn breaks over the horizon, the single sun's rays making the sky a fantastic blaze of color and it takes Ren's breath away. But with dawn comes the whine of ships nearby and Ren feels his heart sink to the very bottom of the falls he stands atop of. "No," he begs, trying to bargain with destiny or fate that it might just be him mishearing things. Then the X-Wing soars overhead, barely clearing the tree tops and pulling up into the sky. Ren watches it go and with a heavy heart he stands. Stay, the planet whispers to him. "I cannot," he turns and leaves the cliff edge and waterfall behind him, heading into the forest, going in the direction that the X-Wing had come from. He has a mission to complete. His Master will want details, and one X-Wing does not mean a Resistance base. So he walks, taking one of the nutrition packets and choking it down. He hates these things, hates the taste of them and how chalky they make his mouth feel and how they stick in his throat no matter how much water he drinks. It is hours later when he hears another mechanical noise and he pulls the hood of his cloak over his head, crouching. A sentry droid whirls passed him, he must be getting close. There wouldn't be a sentry if there wasn't anything to guard. He couldn't take the droid out without raising alarm and that was considerably harder to do without his lightsaber. The older sentry droids were heavier, larger and carried devastating artillery. He'll have to be extremely cautious when he leaves, the last thing he wants is to get shot by one of those things. The droid continues on its course and he moves again, staying low to the ground, mindful now of additional traps or trip wires. But he finds none, was he wrong then? Perhaps it was just an old droid that had been left running when the place had been finally abandoned? He hopes that is it, please let that be it. Ren moves with greater caution now, slowly, carefully prodding with the Force. He senses the planet, its tempting whisper of stay is in his ear, distracting him, dulling his senses as he tries to ignore it and focus on the task at hand. The woods suddenly give way to small rolling hills with bunkers built into them, and a run way filled with ships and people. Ren backs away into the cover of trees and brush before he drops to the ground, pressing himself to the dirt and leaves to keep from being seen. No one has noticed him practically trip onto the base it would seem, the planet's whisper is becoming more insistent and all feelings of peace leave him. This was a trap. The planet itself was a trap, it disarmed the senses and clouded his connection to the rest of the Force. That was why the Resistance had chosen it. He backs further away from the people he's almost stumbled into and pulls his connection to the Force close around him. He envisions ice shutting out the tempting crone of the planet and focuses on making his own existence as small as possible. If this really was the Resistance, that would mean there might be other Force users, he could kick himself for being so foolish, so entranced by the lie of peace offered to him. Only one he was certain of his senses again did he move, circling around the perimeter of the base. It was more of an outpost really then a proper base. It seemed hastily put together and still under construction, almost as shoddy as the old Star Destroyer Hux commanded. But the Resistance emblem was everywhere, confirming his fears, his Master's source had been correct. Ren knows he should leave, should get off this damn planet and report to the Supreme Leader. Just get it done and over with. But there is something he has to know. Reckless, dangerous and stupid as it is, he has to know. He draws the Force around him again, shifting it, cloaking himself with it. He is hidden in plain sight, unrecognizable, and unmemorable, no one and nothing. Quickly he moves, weaving between people, aliens, ships and droids all the same. He's not sure what he's looking for, what will tell him, give him the answers he seeks. But he has to know! He's so intent in his search that he trips over a droid and stumbles. The blue R2 unit screeches a robotic swear at him that shatters his concentration. His illusion shifts for a moment and he swears softly, quickly moving away from the droid and crouching behind a set of crates. The droid doesn't follow him and he lets out a breath of relief, trying to gather himself again. His heart is racing, his hands are shaking. He shouldn't be here, he shouldn't care. They abandoned him. They hate him. His so called 'family' wanted nothing to do with the monster that he had become. They could never possibly forgive him. "Luke! Oh come on, you're not seriously leaving are you?" A voice is calling to someone on the other side of the crates. A voice so familiar, gruff but not unkind. 'Father' , Ren puts a hand over his mouth, afraid that the word might actually leak out. "I am," the other voice says. His uncle, his old Master. But he sounded so tired now, so defeated. "But Leia needs you here, you're her brother! You should be here for her." "Then why don't you stay?" "She doesn't want me here. I'm a constant reminder of him. Ever since Ben-" "It's not your fault Han. You couldn't have known what would happen. That blame lies solely on me. I should have done more. I should have watched him closer." The two unseen men fall silent and Ren is shaking where he is hidden. He's hunched over and is breathing too fast. He is careless, weak when it comes to his family. He is blinded by the foolish feelings that he still harbors for them. They don't want him. They never did! He should leave, report to his Master what he's discovered and cut off this weakness for good. But he doesn't. Instead he stays crouched, listening to his uncle and father speak. "How is she? I know that ever since her injury, things have been difficult," Luke's voice is gentle. "She's sad, I think sometimes she forgets that Ben-" Han's voice chokes. "- that he isn't here anymore. I know that I do, I miss him. Its been hard on her, you know how much she wanted another child, how much we both did. Perhaps it would have helped Ben, given him someone to connect to ... " "There's nothing that the doctors could do?" "No. They said that the second pregnancy itself was a miracle in and of itself. But when we lost her..." Han coughs, trying to clear his throat. "You should stay Luke, she needs her family. She needs you more then she does me. All we do is fight now." They fall silent again but only briefly. "Can you feel him? Through the Force?" Han asks, his tone is quiet. "I think Leia can sometimes, she gets flashes, but of what she won't tell me." It is several long minutes before Luke answers him. "There are times when I can." "Tell me?" "Are you sure you want to know?" "Yes, he's my boy!" Ren feels it then, the tug at the Force, his uncle is searching for him. Does Luke already know? Had he sensed Ren's arrival on the planet? Panic seizes him and he pulls away from his uncle's gentle probing, tightening his own hold on the Force, shrinking away from the touch. The warmth that comes with the Light side that Ren could never seem to find. He looks around him, if he sprints for the forest he reveals himself, if he stays, he is trapped. A single tendril of Light touches him and Ren, staggers to his feet, flinching back, bumping the crates he's hiding behind and causing them to quiver. On the other side he hears his uncle gasp softly. Then the tendrils are pulled away and it is quiet except for Ren's ragged breathing. "It's okay," he hears his uncle call. "You don't have to hide." "Luke, what-" Han starts to say but Luke shushes him. Ren feels the Jedi reach out again, calling to him and suddenly the whisper of the planet is loud in his mind again. Stay. "Ben," Luke says his name. "You don't have to be afraid. Its okay, Ben." Stay, the planet crones and Ren feels Luke reaching out to him through the Force, not with Light, but something colder. Something different. Luke is reaching through the darkness and ice and offering Ren his hand. Forgiving him. "Come home, Ben," his father's voice is a whisper. Ren chokes on a sob. This can't be real! They wanted him gone! They hated him! There are footsteps coming towards him now and Luke is still damnably reaching out to him. "No. Nononono," he moans, sinking to his knees, his hands going to clutch at his head. This was a trap! A lie! No one wanted a murdering monster! No one wanted a cold, creature of darkness! "No." They'll just throw him away again. They don't care about him. There is not forgiving what he's done. The monster that he's become. No one could possibly- Someone's arms are going around him. "No!" His voice is pathetically weak. "Ben!" He's being hugged so tightly he thinks his ribs will break. "No! No!" "Its okay Ben! Its okay! Ben look at me!" Someone is shaking him, trying to push back the hood that hides his face. "NO!" The Force explodes outwards from him in a shock wave, sending his father and uncle flying backwards, spilling over the crates and sending X-Wings sliding and droids toppling over. Ren staggers to his feet, dizzy from the shock of power. People are shouting, of course, they would have heard the commotion, it was kind of hard to miss. Run. He needs to run. Stay, the planet is whispering in his ear still. His body is slow to obey, its almost as if he is moving in a dream. As if a flash grenade has been thrown into his mind. He staggers again. Keep moving. He has to keep moving! He has to get off this planet! Suddenly its as if time has sped back up and he's running as fast as he can. He's gasping for air, taking it in frantic gulps as he sprints through the forest. He has to get away! He has no idea where he's running to, just that he has to run from them. From his family, from the lies and the trap set for him. From what he desperately wants to believe but know that he can't. It'll kill him. It'll kill them all. So he runs, jumping over logs and through brush. There's a stitch in his side but he ignores it, pulling from the Dark Side of the Force to push through, to flee. Ren feels the web of darkness flung out around him hum, but the warning comes too late. He's knocked backwards, off his feet entirely and slammed back into a tree. His world spins and goes black for a moment as he gasps for breath and lets out a scream of pain. Agony floods his senses and the Dark Side practically vibrates from the strength of it. Ren uses that power to push himself to his feet. His left arm hangs limp and useless at his side and his cloak and robes are covered in blood. He goes down on one knee, the world spinning. The sentry droid whirls about in front of him. He reaches out through the Force and takes hold of the old droid and flings it as far and as hard as he can. It explodes against a tree some ways off. Ren pushes himself to his feet and stumbles, his left arm twitching and spasming. Dislocated, he realizes. He has to fix that, and the bleeding but he needs more distance between himself and the destroyed droid. He takes a few more steps, his vision swimming again. 'Just a few more steps,' he promises himself. 'Then I can rest.' Ren uses this mantra to put distance between himself and the output. How they haven't caught up to him by now, he has no idea. He's moving so slowly and everything hurts so much. He collapses with a small cry, his body shaking, he's going into shock, he realizes. There are some things that even the Force cannot overcome. He has to get out of the open, he has to move! Ren pushes himself back up, his right hand going to examine his dislocated shoulder. Fixing this will make it easier. He presses his back against a tree, taking his limp left hand in his right and pulls it forward. There is a terrific popping noise and Ren howls in agony, his vision becoming spotty again as the bones and muscles snap back into place. But now he can at least move his left arm again. His shoulder is still bleeding badly and night is falling. (When had it become dark?) He starts to move forward, panting for breath, body fuzzy with pain. Forget running, he needs to hide. Ren staggers a few more paces before collapsing against a fallen tree. He crawls then, pulling himself along the rotting log until he is surrounded by brush, and hopefully hidden from view. The Knight's entire body is trembling as he pulls his hood back over his face, curling on his right side, whimpering. He's pathetic, so pathetic and stupid! This weakness, he has to cut it out of himself, has to kill it and the childish hope he still clings to. He has to ... --- "Listen to me, take him alive. Unharmed," Han was holding an ice pack to his head in the medical bay. "But-" "Just find him! I don't care if you have to search the entire planet! Find him!" Han looked at Luke as the search team left the room, the Jedi had shielded him from the worst of the Force shock wave and had his own bruises to show for it: there was a egg size lump on his head that was bleeding profusely. "Should we tell Leia?" "She already knows," Luke said from the bed he was sitting on where a medical droid was fussing over him. "Do you think we can get him back?" Han asked. "Tonight?" Luke closed his eyes, rubbing his face with his mechanical hand. "Unlikely. There is too much doubt inside him. Too much pain and fear." "Well we have to try. I wouldn't forgive myself otherwise." "You need to stay here," Luke told him, standing as Han started to protest. "His outburst against us was not intentional, I believe it was done in reflex. But if he does try to actually attack us, you don't stand a chance. I'll go after him. I'll do what I can." Luke makes sure his lightsaber is secured on his belt and steps out of the medical bay. He sees Leia coming down the hall and waits for her. The siblings say nothing to each other, the Force has already told them all they need to know. She touches his shoulder lightly, mindful of his bruises and gives him a sad smile before stepping into the medical bay. --- The call from the Supreme Leader was unexpected. It had been nine days since Kylo Ren had disappeared and Hux had been hoping that no news was good news. But now, he was more and more convinced that this was a elaborately laid trap. That their doom was spelled out and that he and Ren were just as disposable as any common Stormtrooper. It had been a thought that Ren had shared with him once, and Hux had written it off as paranoia. Why would Snoke invest the time and effort into the First Order and into Ren's training if he was only going to throw it away? Even if his desire was to rule, one still needed forces to keep control of those who had been conquered. Even the Empire had realized that. So what could the Supreme Leader's end game possibly be? Hux ignored the answer that his mind supplied, now was not the time. He gathered the few reports he had on his desk and squared his shoulders. It was time, he had to face this without Ren shielding him. He had to stand before the creature, (for Snoke, while humanoid, was not himself human) that tormented his lover and give no hint of the hatred that twisted within him. 'Careful,' he warned himself. Too much introspection would lead him down a hole that he might not be able to pull himself out of. Hux still believed in the Old Empire's dream, the forceful unification of the galaxy, in absolute order. But if he had known what he did now about Snoke, about the being that was nearly omniscient, Hux questioned if he would have followed in his father's footsteps so willingly. Then again, what did the personal life practices of one creature matter if in the end order was restored? Did it even matter or was Hux just letting his attachment to the Knight cloud his vision? Was this some sort of test of his loyalty? He was familiar enough with mind games and tests from the Academy. He have proven himself time and time again where his classmates had failed. Where the weak and soft had been weeded out. Those who questioned the authority, or rather asked the wrong questions tended to disappear. Those who hesitated ... His fingers idled over the blaster at his hip, how many of his graduating class had died during their schooling? Seventy percent? More? How many of those had been his friends? People he had agonized over test scores with while drinking warm, contraband beer with under the stairs as they complained about their teachers and whispered about crushes. Other students that had started a game of spin the bottle once the beer was gone and all cheered when he had kissed Leon with just as much enthusiasm as he had the dark haired girl paired up with him before. How many had he killed in those tests of loyalty while his father and the instructors looked on with uncaring eyes, only to later offer the slimmest praise? Making children murder each other really should have gotten more of a reward than a single nod of approval, it was bad for morale. That was why some of his classmates had attempted to run. Those were shot down or torn apart. A few very ambitious ones had tried to conduct a coup. Of course they had failed. They had been too ambitious, you had to strike a balance between the right questions and tone and knowing when to keep your mouth shut. That was how Hux had survived, how he'd passed when others had failed. Because he was in control of himself. As he must be now. Hux takes a deep breath and sets down the reports. He knows what is in them, he doesn't need to take them with him. If this is a test, they won't matter any way. With great effort he quiets his mind, as Phasma has taught him. It hasn't been easy, and he's realized just how little mental control he has over himself. She has assured him that he will get better with practice, he doesn't need to block Snoke, that would raise suspicion, he just needs to still his thoughts. He envisions a mirror lake, and slowly presses each dangerous thought, every tempting desire underneath its crystalline surface. Its much like drowning a litter of runty pups, and he ignores the pain that shoots through him as he does. But finally the waters in his mind are still. Calm. Quiet. He is ready. --- The Supreme Leader's hologram is already there, giant and blue as he sits in his throne, by the time Hux enters into the cavernous meeting room. "You are late," Snoke tells him, his voice a hiss of disapproval. "My apologies Supreme Leader." Snoke doesn't seem to care that Hux hasn't offered him an excuse and he can feel the cold, invisible hands touching at his thoughts. Snoke is far more subtle then Ren is, and his touch on Hux's mind much more frigid. "Have you heard from my Apprentice?" Snoke inquires. "No, Supreme Leader. It seems he has been AWOL for approximately nine days," Hux can feel Snoke watching the mirror lake in his mind, looking for the slightest ripple in its surface. "Yet you seem unconcerned." "Ren is a capable soldier and," Hux takes a deep breath. "I am aware that his primary task of hunting down the Jedi may require him to operate in an unconventional manner. I also was under the impression, Supreme Leader, that as your Apprentice, Ren would continue to complete missions for you. It would be a crippling oversight for me to assume that the leader of the Knights of Ren would constantly be at my disposal." Hux wills his hands to relax at his sides, to keep himself still and his mind calm. "So yes, Supreme Leader, until I have reason to believe otherwise, I am unconcerned." Snoke regards him for a long moment and Hux does not break eye contact with the hologram. Finally he feels the Supreme Leader withdraw from his mind, mostly. There is still one ice cold finger there, pressing at the water's edge. This isn't over, he cannot become careless. "Tell me of your latest reports General. What progress have you made?" --- His arm in burning agony, as if it is being ripped apart into thousands of tiny pieces. Ren's eyes slide open to stare up at the forest canopy, bright blue sky peeking through the limbs and leaves. When had he fallen asleep? Had he passed out? His left arm throbbed unhappily and he glanced at it. Despite not being able to bandage it, the bleeding had stopped, somehow. He needed to clean the wound, needed to get back to his ship. How long had he been unconscious? It was difficult to swallow, his throat and mouth were dry. Dehydration from blood loss. Water. He needed water. Ren made to reach for his satchel, hands trembling as he pulled out the canteen and tried to drink from it. Bitter. He spat the water back out. Bitter, acidic and reeking of purification chemicals. Of course it would be, he had filled it up on the Star Destroyer before he left. It had been processed a million times, recycled and reclaimed. He forced himself to drink it all down anyway, but it did little good to quell his thirst. With a grunt he sat up, leaning against the log as dizziness threatened to take hold of him. Find a river. Clean the wound. Escape. Small, simple tasks, he could do this. The planet was oddly silent. He wasn't sure if that was good or bad as he sent cautious waves out through the Force, searching to see if anyone or anything was near him. For now he decided that it was good and drew on the coldness of the Dark Side, the powerful motivator of fear that had sustained his flight from the outpost yesterday. Slowly he rose to his feet, trying to figure out which way to go. The Force guided him, as it had the first day. It was slow going, he had to stop several times, leaning against trees to keep from collapsing. He's afraid that if he falls again he will not have the strength to get back up. Finally the river comes into sight through the trees. A quick scan of the area with the Force reveals nothing nearby and he practically runs to the water. The river is wide, fast moving and filled with large boulders that create rapids and eddies. But it is clear, clean. Ren kneels on one of the flatter rocks along the river's edge and frantically brings handfuls of the sweet, cool water to his mouth until he chokes on it and has to cough to get it out of his lungs. That slows him down, gives him a bit of focus. River found, wound care next. He shrugs his cloak of with a grunt, and lets it pool around him. His ruined tunic is more difficult and a strangled cry leaves him as he finally gets it off. With trembling hands he wets the destroyed fabric he'd been wearing and presses it against the dried blood on his shoulder. The pain makes him double over, gasping as he tries to control it, to draw strength from it. He fails and a moan of pain leaves him. Then he senses the person behind him. Or rather the person hadn't bothered to hide. Luke Skywalker could have easily hidden from the fragile web of Dark Force energy that Ren has surrounding his person, but he didn't. Ren swallows heavily and straightens, staring out into the river, watching the rapids foam. He hears the lightsaber activate behind him, his uncle is close now. It will be over in one, clean strike. The blow doesn't ever come. "What are you waiting for?" Ren whispers. "Do it! Or are you too much of a coward?" He feels his uncle's eyes on his back, studying each scar that Ren has acquired from years of harsh training. Training that apparently wasn't enough, considering how easily he crumbles when confronted with his family. His uncle says nothing in response, but the lightsaber deactivates and then Luke is next to him. The two men stare at each other for a long, tense minute. Come home Ben. We can help you. There is no help for me. There is no saving me. You are not the monster, the beast, that Snoke has made you believe you are. You have a home here, a place and a family that loves you Ben. I am not Ben. That weak child is dead, Snoke killed him and left me behind. Besides, there is no place for me here. Not in the Light. Monsters and murderers belong in the Darkness. No one loves monsters. I don't believe that Ben. You can come home. We can keep you safe. Safe from what? Ren starts to gather the Force around him. Or perhaps you mean keep the galaxy safe from me ? You cannot be foolish enough to think that you can keep me safe from Snoke. Ren closes his eyes, dropping his head. In his mind he takes all the pain, all the fear contained within him and gives it form. Sharpens it to a point. His uncle is moving now, trying to embrace him, to tell him again to come home. Calling him Ben . In that moment Kylo Ren takes the mental spear he's created and flings it into his uncle's mind. There is a brief resistance, Luke is not so foolish as to make himself completely defenseless, but he is no match for this attack. This raw flood of cold fear and freezing pain. This hurricane that is Kylo Ren's entire existence. Luke collapses and Ren pulls away from him. His uncle will live, have a nasty migraine for a week, and will be no worse for the wear. Try as he might, Ren can't convince himself to take the other man's lightsaber and run him through. Cannot strike down his old Master. Just like he couldn't before. He is too weak to raise his hand wholeheartedly against him. Whenever Ren thinks of his family, it is not in burning hatred, but regret and fear. Cold regret, he's always disappointed them, that's why they didn't want him, that's why they abandoned him. Yet he cannot shake the fear that they will come to harm. He has to protect them, from himself and the other monsters that lurk in the Darkness. Desperately he wishes that he had never felt that first call to the Darkness. That he'd been born blind to the Force. He leans down and retrieves his cloak, leaving the ruined tunic behind and slowly walks into the forest. --- Salvaged Hope's engines flare to life a day and a half later and the black ship takes to the sky, its cloaking device keeps it from appearing on the scanners. The Knight types in the coordinates for his Master's lair and slumps in the pilot's seat. His shoulder is haphazardly bandaged, enough to stop the bleeding and keep debris out of it. Enough to survive. To get through what must come next. He pulls his black robes back on with a struggle as his pain hazed mind tries to come up with a plan. He needs to meditate. He cannot go before Snoke this weak, or his Master will surely kill him. Ren sits on the cold floor of the shuttle and focuses on controlling his breathing. "Fear gives me strength. Fear will protect me," he murmurs the familiar mantra and feels calm come over him for the first time since that X-Wing had soared over his head days ago. "If I am cold I cannot be harmed." He meditates for the four days it takes to reach Snoke and when he arrives, Ren knows exactly what he must do. Snoke is waiting for him, the ancient creature seated in his raised stone chair in the cavernous meeting room. "Ah, my Apprentice," he smiles in a way that makes Ren's stomach turn as the Knight kneels before him. "I have completed my mission Master," Ren tells him, keeping his head bowed. "And what did you discover on D'Qar?" "I found nothing my Master." The silence fills the room like a toxic gas. "Nothing?" Snoke murmurs, almost sounding surprised. "Nothing at all?" "Nothing, my Master," Ren repeats the words, feeling strangely calm as he does. "Your source was wrong. The entire system is devoid of any sort of civilization. I suspect that we have been purposely given incorrect information." "You wouldn't dare lie to me, now. Would you my Apprentice?" Snoke has started to move, standing and swooping down on Ren like a great bird of prey. For a being so old, he is fast and strong, drawing his power from the very heart of the Dark Side. He seizes Ren, grabbing him by the chin and forcing his face up so their eyes meet. "You know what will happen if you lie to me, don't you?" "Yes, my Master." "So tell me again, Apprentice," one of Snoke's hands caresses Ren's face. It reeks of death, like it always does. "What did you find on D'Qar?" "Nothing." The next instant Ren's mind is filled with pain. His Master is tearing through his defenses, shredding his thoughts, searching for the lie he is convinced is buried in Ren's mind. Snoke smashes the mental walls of ice, like a mad man in a fun house maze and Ren screams as he does. But behind each layer of mirrored ice is only darkness and more ice. Carefully assembled layers that Ren has spent the past three days putting in place. He knows Snoke will not examine the fragments of what he breaks, his Master for all his power and finesse, misses small insignificant details. Fracture a memory enough and hide every part in plain sight, but there are only so many pieces of ice to break. And as the last of them shatters Snoke throws Ren to the floor with a frustrated snarl. "Tell me what you found!" the ancient gray creature roars. "Nothing. An empty world," Ren whispers. It'll be over soon. Soon. He just has to outlast this. He feels his grasp on consciousness slipping. No! He has to stay awake, has to push through in order to for this to work. In order to survive. The Force lightning hits him with such intensity that he's thrown back against one of the walls. Ren can't get air in his lungs to even scream, it feels like his lungs and heart will burst. "TELL ME!" Snoke is raging at him. The lightning stops and Ren gasps for breath as Snoke is grabbing him by the front of his robes. "Tell me my Apprentice, make this so much easier on yourself. Or have you forgotten who you are loyal to? Who trained you when everyone else abandoned you? Who took you in off the street when you were fleeing? Who do you owe your power to?" The words are almost sweet, but Ren knows better. "I am loyal to you Master, only you. But I swear," he raises his eyes to meet Snoke's black ones. "There was nothing there! The planet was empty Master!" If Snoke actually believes his words or not, Ren can't tell. But his Master lets him go and Ren collapses to the ground. "Tell me then, my Apprentice. If the planet was empty, how did you come by this?" A foot slams down on Ren's injured shoulder, grinding it into the ground and the Knight screams like the damned. "Tell me." The pressure lets up and Ren is gasping for breath. "Droid," he wheezes. "Encountered another ship en route. There was a conflict-AH!" Snoke's foot is grinding his shoulder into the floor again and his Master is inside his head again, a terrible storm that threatens to rip apart his very soul. Ren wishes he could die, but Snoke doesn't allow for that. Death is too kind. Snoke is crouching next to him now, the smell of death stronger now. "Perhaps you are not lying to me after all my Apprentice," he murmurs, there is no memory that he can find that will reveal that his Apprentice is being untruthful. "Perhaps our source has become corrupted after all," his hands are touching Ren's face, forcing his mouth open and shoving two fingers inside, so far back that Ren gags on them. The wounded man struggles against him now, but Snoke takes hold of his throat, pinning him as he works his fingers in and out of the younger man's mouth. The older being smiles cruelly, savoring the choking noises Ren makes. "How fortunate for me that I have you to find out the truth for me." He removes his fingers, covered with drool and blood from abusing the Knight's mouth and throat. Ren lies there, struggling to breathe, he knows what happens next. He has no choice but to obey, he is too broken, too exhausted to fight his Master. Denying him is a death sentence that will only extend this pain. He is too weak. Too weak to destroy the family that abandoned him and too weak to stop what is about to happen. 'He doesn't own you!' Hux's voice is suddenly so clear that Ren thinks for a moment that the General is in the room with them. 'You aren't his pet! He doesn't own you!' The words repeat themselves, coming not from an outside source, but from some memory buried inside the fractured ice inside himself. Hux's rage, Hux's love for him bleeds through those words. Ren blinks, how has Snoke not heard them? Not felt them? The words repeat, louder and louder with greater conviction each time. And damn him, Ren believes them and anger floods him. It isn't hot like everyone says it is. Not this rage that couples onto the words on repeat inside his memory. No, his anger has all the fury of a ice storm on Hoth, it's strangely liberating, and empowering. He feels Snoke pressing down on him, like he has so many times since Ren that first time when Ren was fourteen. "NO!" In a single motion Ren reaches through the Force, into the heart of the storm and throws his Master off him, sending him skidding backwards along the stone floor. Ren draws on the rage of the storm inside himself and stands, facing his Master. Snoke has recovered and the energy in the room crackles. Snoke commands the darkness and Ren the cold, their energies clash and the very structure of the building creaks. "You dare to deny me ? Your Master?" Snoke's voice is a whisper, as if he can't quite believe what has just happened. "Yes," Ren grits his teeth, bracing himself. The next blow from Snoke drops him to one knee and then Snoke takes hold of him through the Force, manipulating his limbs so he is eagle spread and lifting him in the air. Ren struggles, but his anger is fading too quickly. Too quickly being replaced by fear. Fear is weaker, he realizes, that is why every great Sith Lord talks of anger. Of rage. Snoke stands before him now, an appraising look on his face. "You have gotten stronger, my Apprentice." Cold hands that stink of death are touching him now, his robes are being torn open and Ren struggles against the Force bonds that keep him in place. "But you have not yet surpassed me. You have much to learn, little boy." 'You're not some beast to do with as he wishes!' Hux's words in his memory are like a beacon set ablaze. Ren closes his eyes, the anger coming back to him, fleeting, but strong . So strong. He couples it frantically with all his pain and fear, holding it close to his chest, squeezing it as tightly, compressing it down with the Force until it bursts outwards and a scream that is no longer human leaves him. Instantly the bonds that trap him are released and he falls to his hands and knees. He doesn't know what's happened to Snoke, because his vision is swimming and there very large crack in the stone floor beneath him. It takes all he has in him not to throw up. There is no sound in the meeting room other then his own frantic breathing and sobs. "How very interesting," Snoke's voice breaks the silence. He sounds amused, an amused Snoke is never a good thing. "Very well then, perhaps you have ... outgrown that particular exercise. You are dismissed my Apprentice." --- Ren doesn't remember walking back to Salvaged Hope . He doesn't remember much of the next week as the black shuttle flies back to the old Star Destroyer. It's all a hazy blur of pain. Finally the old ship is in sight. He fumbles at the controls and puts in the code to Phasma's personal comm as the smaller shuttle lands inside its personal hanger. "Who the hell is this?" her voice sounds agitated and sleepy, of course, she wouldn't recognize Salvaged Hope's identification code. Ren has no idea what time it is anymore, or what day it is. "Phasma," Ren's voice sounds strange to his own ears, as if it isn't really his own. It's too broken, too tired. "Kylo! Kylo, where the fuck are you?" he can hear her scrambling, bedding and clothing rustling over the comm. "I need your help. I ..." What could he say? What could he tell her? "Where are you Kylo?" She spares him of having to answer. "Restricted hanger. Number ... sixty-six," he's having a hard time focusing. "What the fuck are you doing there?" "Mission, from Snoke. I ..." "I'm on my way, what's the code to get inside?" "One. Nine," it's becoming remarkably difficult to breathe. "Seven. Seven. Five. Two. Five." "All right. Hang on, let me get Hux-" "No!" Ren almost shouts. "No. Don't. I -I don't want him to see ..." There is silence on her end and finally she sighs. "Fine." He's managed to make it out of the shuttle and is leaning against it for support by the time she gets there. Her face goes white and instantly she's at his side, supporting him. She doesn't ask about his torn clothing, but her eyes flicked to it for the barest of seconds. "We need to get you to the medical wing. You need a doctor Kylo." "No. No. I just need-" "You need a surgeon! You need antibiotics! You need pain killers!" "No. Please. Phasma, listen, listen," his speech is slurring and his legs feel like they've become liquid beneath him. Phasma grunts, staggering under his weight as his legs give out. "Don't let them." "What? Kylo what are you talking about?" "Don't let them, let them touch me. Don't! No, no doctors." "Fuck," she sighs. "Okay. Okay, I'll figure something out." She shifts, trying to better manage his weight. She couldn't very well throw him over her shoulder and carry him through the ship. Well she probably could, how far she would get she wasn't sure and it would be quite the spectacle. He's rapidly losing his grip on consciousness and a whine leaves him. So if she gets him anywhere its going to have to be fast. "Hey, it's okay Kylo. I've got you. It's gonna be fine," she tries to reassure him. A full body shudder runs through him and then he goes completely limp and it takes all her strength to not drop him as he suddenly becomes dead weight. "Fuck," she swore. --- When he opens his eyes again he isn't in his quarters. It's too warm. Not Hux's either, the bedding is wrong, the smell is wrong too. So it isn't the medical wing. It smells like ... cloves. "Was wondering how long you were going to be out," Phasma's voice breaks through his thoughts. She's sitting in an overstuffed chair, taking a drag off a small cigarette. She blows the smoke out and the smell of cloves intensifies. "Where am I?" He starts to push himself up, his left shoulder protests, but only slightly. In his right arm he has an IV line to a bag of fluids and two smaller bags. One label that he can see reads 'Oxy-" before it is obscured by the other bag, which reads '-icillin'. "My quarters. I called in a few favors that were owed to me to get the meds. Patched you up myself, so forgive the messy stitch work," she takes another drag on the cigarette. "You were out for four days. I mean you surfaced a few times, and I pushed nutrition supplements down your throat but that aside, you've been dead to the galaxy." "I didn't know you smoked," he's fixated on the burning ember of her cigarette, because that slow burning glow, is the most normal thing that he's seen the last two weeks. She shakes her head. "I don't," she snubs it out in an ash tray. "Phasma." "Hmm?" "Thank you." "Of course, little brother. Someone has to look after you so you don't get yourself killed." He glances at her and she looks embarrassed that she's used such a term for endearment, until she sees that he is smiling faintly. He likes that, that idea of family. Of having a sibling. Someone not related to all the pain he's been through. Hastily he presses the heel of his hand against his eyes, pushing away the tears that threaten. "Does Hux-?" "Has no idea you're here. I keep my promises. You should know though, Snoke met with him," her expression is grave and Ren's heart fell. "But he survived. Doesn't seem any worse for the wear. I had a few days head start with him to show him how to hide, to block." "Thank you," Ren is shaking, overwhelmed. Phasma stands, getting something from the other room and returns with a steaming mug. "Drink this, it'll help," she presses the mug into his hands. He doesn't question or fight it and drinks whatever is in the mug. It is salty, peppery and warms him to his core. He's barely able to hand the mug back to her before he passes out again. --- Hux looked up from the electronic pad he had in his hand. The old ship was charting a course for Starkiller Base, or what would become Starkiller Base. Construction had barely started, but still it was important that all the officers were up to speed on what was expected and how it would affect them and their troopers. He wished Ren was with him. That the other man could be here for this. But Ren had been gone for nearly four weeks. There was no time to linger on what had happened to the Knight, he had a meeting to conduct. It was about half way through the meeting that he glanced around the room and almost dropped the papers he was holding in his hands. Skulking in his usual corner was the black clothed and masked figure of Kylo Ren. Hux forced his gaze away from the other man and continued with his meeting. It's going to take them some time to get to the planet, they have to take a rather roundabout way to avoid the Republic and the Resistance. The First Order, for all its recent growing pains, still can't take on either of the traitorous groups. The meeting comes to a close and the other officers file out of the room, leaving Hux alone with Ren. It was as if they didn't even realize the Knight was there. Was this some Force trick? Hux keys in a code on his tablet, locking the door to the meeting room and activating its privacy filter. "Are you real?" Hux whispered, not taking his eyes off the figure. Ren didn't respond, not verbally at least. Hux felt an invisible hand brush against his face and gasped softly. "Where did you go? Why didn't you tell me?" Hux can't stop his voice from shaking, he can't tell if he should be relieved or terrified. "You left ! I didn't know what had happened!" He accuses and the figure bows its masked head. "I thought you were dead! I had to face Snoke, alone! And I thought-" Hux's voice wobbles. "I thought he'd killed you!" Silence falls between them. The figure gives no response. "Say something damn you!" Hux rages, throwing his tablet on the table so hard it cracks the screen. Silence again. Hux feels a cool, gentle hand reaching into his mind and his eyes narrow at the figure. "No. Stay out of my head." He envisions the mirror lake in his mind freezing over and then a wall going up around it. The hand reaches out and strokes Hux's mental barriers with such gentleness that Hux feels his knees get weak for a moment. "No," he repeats and the hand retracts, instantly. Hux turns, dropping the security on the room and leaves without another word. The journey to the planet that will become Starkiller base takes several weeks. Hux does not see the Knight unless it is at meetings, in the halls or on the bridge. He keeps training with Phasma, the blond woman having no input on Ren and answering his questions with infuriating shrugs. The air on the Star Destroyer has changed and it has everything to do with the reappearance of Kylo Ren. Or at least whatever silent phantom is masquerading as him. It is colder now, Hux can't prove it but he feels the temperature drops a few degrees every time the Knight steps into a room. The tension has returned and with it fear among the troopers and lower ranked officers. Kylo Ren had returned, darker and more dangerous than ever. They don't speak to each other, not even to argue. Surprisingly no consoles are destroyed on their journey and that has Hux convinced that the man he knew is dead. That the Ren he knew, is gone, replaced with some lifeless drone or some broken shell of a man. When the snowy planet that will serve as Starkiller Base finally comes into sight Hux is glad for it. He needs to be off this ship. Needs to be away from this phantom. Perhaps the Knight will get buried in an accidental avalanche while they're planet side. --- There's meetings with engineers, architects and weapons specialists once they're planet side. So many meetings. The Knight is nearby at all times, silently observing, listening. At times Hux is certain that the Knight isn't breathing, he blends so seamlessly into the low lighting of the construction site. Hux pays him little mind, there are other things to worry about. They need to secure more funding and fast, equipment is breaking from the cold and they need to upgrade the structural metal to withstand the pressure of being built so deeply into the planet. His head swimming with reports, Hux and his trooper escort head back to the shuttle, it will take another two days of meeting and discussing with the specialists to see exactly what they need. This is a set back, Snoke will not be pleased. Suddenly Hux realizes he's standing alone in the snow. His escort is gone, vanished entirely. Before him stands that black cloaked figure. The Knight. "So now what? Here to kill me?" Hux sighs, he's tired and feels his thoughts bordering on ludicrous paranoia. If Snoke has sent this illusion to kill him, might as well get it over with. The Knight makes a beckoning motion with his hand and turns, walking off into the trees, clearly expecting Hux to follow. "I am following my own death," the redhead muttered. Starkiller's planetary shell was beautiful. Not as barren as Hoth was, this one was dotted in evergreen forests, but still covered in snow all the time. If it weren't so cold, Hux might have actually liked it. But the cold was essential to the weapons technology. It had to be cold. He stopped a few feet from where the Knight had stopped. They were all alone now. Now the blow would come and he would die in the snow with his entrails tangled in his legs. The Knight turned to face him and advanced on him, Hux stood his ground until they were chest to chest, glaring at him. A flick of the Knight's gloved hand sent Hux sprawling backwards and smashing his back against one of the evergreen trees. Hux coughed, the air forced out of his lungs and then the Knight was in front of him, impossibly fast, looming over him. Black gloved hands reached out and Hux was sure his neck was going to be snapped, but instead the Knight took his hands. Hux tried to pull free but the Knight was too strong and guided Hux's fingers, positioned them beneath his cowl and at the bottom edge of his mask, pressing them against the releases. The General blinked, this was not how he had expected to die. How strange to be shown now of all times how to unmask the man that had once been his lover. Hux pressed in on the triggers and felt the mask release from its catches. With a trembling hand he pushed back the hood and pulled the mask off. Not sure what he expected to see, perhaps a reanimated corpse? Some monster? Nothing at all? He dropped the heavy helmet to the ground and stared at the face that greeted him. Same nose, same lips, same eyes that always held such a storm of emotions, even the map of moles and freckles that had dotted his lover's face. Hux reached out and traced a trembling hand along the face before him. Those dark eyes swept closed and the man before him turned his head to place a kiss on the inside of Hux's gloved palm. "Kylo ..." Hux whispers, hoping beyond hope. In the next breath he's pressed back against the tree, Ren is kissing him and there is no doubt left in Hux's mind. This is his Ren. Kylo is biting his lips, and moving to his neck to pepper hard bruising kisses at the edge of Hux's high military collar, strong arms arm around him, hands pushing past his greatcoat to touch him. Hux is pulling the, no his Knight against him, hands running through his hair, aching to touch the skin beneath black robes, wanting, needing to mark him. A whimper leaves Hux's throat as Ren grinds against him. They need this, desperately, there isn't time for niceties. He wants to feel Ren, in any way he can. In any way Ren will give him, Hux will take it. Ren's hands go to his pants and in a few quick motions has them pulled and his boots off Hux, pressing hot, hungry kisses against his belly and thighs as he does. Ren lifts him up them in strong arms and Hux's legs wrap around his waist reflexively while his Knight fumbles with his own belt and pants. Hux can't even feel the cold or the howl of the wind, he knows the it is still there, snow flakes keep catching in Kylo's hair, melting seconds later. "Kylo," he breathes again, arching his back, trembling. His Knight kisses him, with a low moan, burying his face in the crook of Hux's shoulder and takes a shuddering breath. Mine. Hux sobs as Ren presses the word into his mind and Hux doesn't stop him. Then Ren is spitting on his hand, slicking it over his own cock and licking his fingers so he can smear them against Hux's entrance. Ren presses another kiss against his mouth and pushes his way into Hux's body. Hux screams into the kiss. It hurts, it hurts so much! He's not sure if he's going to be split in half, but by the Maker, he is full . Ren fills him in the best way possible and Hux will take all the hurt of this frantic coupling and treasure it. Because his Knight is back, his Ren is alive! He clings to Ren, sobbing as the Knight keeps kissing him. Ren doesn't move for a few seconds as Hux gasps for breath and then when the General starts to shiver from cold Ren starts to move his hips. It is fast, and rough, Hux whimpering into Ren's kisses and Ren cums quickly, sobbing his relief against Hux's neck. His hands go to work Hux back to full hardness, kissing him and biting his neck and ears all the while pressing that wonderful word into Hux's mind: Mine. Mine. Mine. Hux cums with a shout that is lost in the howl of the wind and Ren sinks to the ground, arms still holding Hux tightly, sheltering him between the tree and himself. They stay like that, trembling and panting until the cold becomes uncomfortable and Hux worries that they'll get frozen like this. Ren helps him get his pants back on, and straightens his greatcoat and his collar, brushing snow idly off Hux's shoulders. The Knight pauses only to right his own clothing, and pick his helmet back up, shaking snow out of it before putting it back on and pulling his hood back over his head. Hux's legs feel weak as he tries to take a step and he finds himself scooped up in Ren's arms. The Knight carries him back to the shuttle, pressing him close against his chest. Strangely the trooper escort is not there. Or at least they don't come wandering out of the snow covered forest until Ren has carefully set Hux down. Hux can only assume that Ren is manipulating them through the Force. When they're back on the Star Destroyer, Ren walks silently by his side and when Hux is sure they are alone he glanced at the Knight. "Stay with me tonight?" The single, silent nod makes his heart jump and he feels that invisible hand again, reaching out and stroking his face. A shudder runs through him. A few hours later Hux is at his desk, half-heartedly filling out the reports of Starkiller's progress when he feels arms slip around him. "I missed you," he whispers. "I know," the words are a throaty rumble, and Hux feels his stomach flip flop. He's missed that voice. "What happened?" Hux asks, a hand resting on the arms holding him tight. Ren is silent and then pulls away and Hux turns to look back at him, to apologize for asking, but he sees the Knight pulling his tunic off. Then his eyes find the scar. It is huge, covering much of his upper left pectoral and shoulder and still a dark pink color, barely healed. Its too big to be from a blaster and too scattered to be a bladed wound. Hux stands and moves to him, tracing his fingers over the pink scar tissue and then placing a kiss on it. "If you don't want to talk about it, we don't have to," Hux tells him as Ren steps back and sits down on the edge of Hux's bed. "Not ... Not all of it," Ren says slowly, reaching up and pulling Hux down into his lap. Hux winces slightly as he settles himself so he's mostly comfortable. He waits, and slowly Ren tells him what happened. I was sent on a reconnaissance mission for Snoke. It was  a test, the Knight's breathing is heavy and Hux feels him tremble slightly. I had to report back to him. Did he? Hux's fingers trace over the massive scar. Did he do this to you? Ren shakes his head, pulling Hux closer against him. This is from a sentry droid. The place I was sent, the planet, it was Force-Sensitive- Planets can be Force-Sensitive? Some are, yes. But this one was  remarkably aware. It clouded my connection to the Force, I panicked- Ren broke off his sentence, taking deep breaths, trying to keep himself calm. Hux shifts his position in Ren's lap to straddle his legs and hugs the Knight against him, kissing him gently and stroking his hair until Ren calms. I escaped, the Knight continued after a time. Then I had to report to him. I  He  Ren struggles to make the words come out and Hux is hugging him so tightly that Ren almost can't breathe. He can feel his lover's concern for him shifting into rage towards the Supreme Leader. Kylo, what did that a bhastaird do to you? Slowly, Ren manages to tell Hux what happened. At one point Hux interrupts to curse the Supreme Leader in a language he's never heard before, soft and gutteral, before allowing Ren to tell him the most essential part. About how Hux's words fueled him and gave him anger, access to new power. Hux's words have made him stronger and very possibly saved his life, allowed him to break free from at least one hold that Snoke has over him. They lie in silence then, tangled in each other's arms, Hux placing gentle kisses all over the scar on Ren's left shoulder. "Tell me about the meeting, when you had to go alone," Ren asks. "Not tonight. I don't want to give that a bhastaird anymore of our time," Hux murmurs. What does that even mean? I've never heard you speak anything other then Basic, Ren traces a hand down Hux's back. The General lets his fingers tangle in Ren's hair to scratch at his scalp before he answers. It was my mother's language, Hux whispers in his ear before he presses a biting kiss to Ren's throat that makes the Knight moan softly. Chapter 7 Notes: No exceptional warnings for this chapter, at least not anything more or less traumatic then has already been encountered previously. Please be aware now gentle reader, that as I have locked in a chapter count, the size of the chapters will be expanding to accommodate the plot outline I have established and any other ideas that come to mind. This chapter sits at approximately 53 pages, and I am expecting the remaining chapters to be between 20-50 pages each. As such, I am going to be changing the frequency of my updates from once a week to twice a month in order to ensure that the quality of the fic does not diminish and to give my poor beta more turn around time. This is something I love doing and I do not wish for it to ever feel like a chore, because the second that happens the magic of the story is lost. I hope you are all understanding of this and will continue to support the fic, despite slower updates. I adore all your comments, kudos and fan arts, they mean the world to me and my beta. If you would like the most up-to-date information about this fic then you can follow me on Instagram @THECRAFTYCODINGFANGIRL where I frequently post word counts and snippets from the chapters I'm working on. I also have a formal video apology on there for what happens in this chapter. A very special thank you to my beta, Ms Jen, who has gotten this back to me so quickly and is a true superstar amongst human beings. <3 EDIT: An exceptionally special thank you once more to the darling ola_bishop for creating a piece of art for a scene from this chapter: Chapter 7 Ren stared at the item that Hux was presenting him with. A large part of him wanted to take it and fling it out of an airlock, another part of him was ... curious. Hux was giving him a nervous look, almost embarrassed, as the silence between them grew heavier. "Look if you don't want to-" "I didn't say that." "You didn't have to, you looked like you'd seen a ghost," Hux moves to put the item away in a dresser drawer; out of sight, out of mind. "Wait," Ren closes his eyes, sighing heavily. Hux pauses, tilting his head. "If I do this," Ren frowns and looks at his partner, taking a deep breath. "If I do this you need to make sure I stay here. That my mind stays here, in this moment," he taps the fingers of one hand in the palm of the other to emphasize the words. "Otherwise I ... might do something regrettable." "Kylo," Hux reaches up and strokes his face. Ren doesn't talk much about what goes on inside his head, about how his training and relationship with his master has affected him. But after a year and a half, Hux is familiar with some of the damage. If he'll ever be aware of all of it, he doesn't know. He knows that more often than not, things aren't always right with Kylo. Then again things are seldom right with himself, but he accepted that long ago. He made himself functional through careful control, something the Knight tended to lack. "If you don't want to, if it is too dangerous-" "No!" Ren almost snaps. "No, it's fine. It's fine." He leans down and pulls Hux into a kiss. "I trust you," he whispers against Hux's lips. "I trust you." He offers his hands to his lover. The cold metal of the cuffs snaps around his wrists and Ren's breath stutters. He gives the cuffs an experimental tug, trying to see how strong they were. They held fast and a chill runs down his spine. "Hux," he tries to keep the anxiety out of his voice and fails. His heart is racing and his breath starts to come quicker. "It's okay, I'm here," Hux is reassuring him as he gently pushes him backwards onto the bed, green eyes watching him intently. Ren sits awkwardly, his hands cuffed in front of him as Hux crawls over him placing kisses along his neck. "Scoot back, lean against the backboard," Hux tells him and with a few more inelegant shuffles Ren is sitting at the head of the bed, leaning back against it and Hux is straddling his lap. The red head moves Ren's cuffed arms so they're resting behind his head, so Ren can hold onto him. Then Hux starts to kiss him in earnest, there is something so thrilling about the larger man being bound. Ren is strong and deadly and to have him even slightly helpless makes Hux's heart beat a bit quicker. To have control over the Leader of the Knights of Ren, the thought was intoxicating enough to make Hux's head spin. Ren feels lightheaded, he's still breathing too fast, feels too anxious. But Hux is warm in his lap, whispering sinful things to him as they kiss and stroking his face, and gradually Ren starts to think that this might not be such a bad arrangement after all. This is different, entirely different than everything else. He pulls Hux closer to him as best he can, grinding his hips up against the red head's with a moan. His hands grasp uselessly at air, wanting to claw at his lover's skin and tear his shirt off him. They're wearing far too many clothes to be doing this and Ren groans, biting at Hux's lips with the next kiss. Hux is grinding against him with a fanatical urgency and whispering in Ren's ear, telling him how beautiful he is, how exhilarating it is to see so much power so neatly contained. The Knight shudders, but he doesn't mind giving Hux this bit of power. Hux, who is obsessed with control almost to the point of fetishism. But for Ren this act is a small measure of trust. He can do this, he trusts Hux. Hux moves his cuffed wrists and pins them above his head, rendering him even more immobile, more helpless than before. It's as if a switch has flipped, terror seizes the Knight and he reacts purely on instinct. "NO!" Ren screams the word and in a blind panic pushes the man on top of him away with the Force. Hux goes tumbling off the bed and Ren is frantically pulling at the cuffs, he needs to get them off! He needs to get them off now! He doesn't know where the key is and tries to pull his hands out of the tight metal circlets. When it doesn't work his efforts only before more panicked and blood starts to cover his hands and wrists as his skin tears. "Kylo!" Hux is in front of him again, stroking his face. "Hey! Hey, it's okay! Kylo, it's just me," the General's face has gone white as he tries to get Ren to calm down. "Look at me, Kylo," Hux is forcing his face up so their eyes meet. "It's okay, stop that," Hux's voice is gentle but the undertone of panic is there. "Stop that Kylo, you're bleeding," he rubs a hand over one of Ren's arms. He's a little afraid to undo the cuffs in case his lover attacks him. "Easy now," Hux crones, resting his forehead against Ren's. "It's okay, take a deep breath." Taking a deep breath is almost impossible right now. Staying in the present moment is even harder, the lines of reality and terrible memories are blurring at a frightening pace. "Hux," his voice sounds pathetic and weak and he hates it. "I'm here, it's okay." "I'm slipping," Ren's voice is a frightened whisper. No. No, it isn't okay. Ren is close to hyperventilating, his bound hands grab onto Hux's shirt. The memories are almost tangible. That awful smell of death is flooding his senses. "Don't let me-" "Kylo! Look at me!" Hux is trying to make him keep eye contact, but the Knight keeps closing his eyes. SMACK! The sound of the blow echoes through the bedroom and Hux gasps, realizing what he's done and lowers his hand, trembling. Ren's head is turned to one side, blood coming from his mouth were Hux's hand connected with it. He had panicked, not known what else to do. "Kylo! Shit, fuck are-" Hux's hands hover over the other man, afraid to touch him. Ren takes a slow, shuddering breath that sounds more like a moan and finally looks back at him. There's a dazed look in his eyes, like he's only really half there. "Do ... do that again Hux," Ren's voice is quiet, but oddly steady. "What? No! No, that was the last thing I should have done!" Hux is in a pure panic now, horrified and disgusted at himself. Part of him wants to do it again though. Wants to hit the Knight because he knows Ren will moan again. Wants to lose control of himself ... It is so tempting right now, especially with Ren trembling like that below him. "Please. It - it helps," Ren whispers, his speech slurring as if the very idea itself is intoxicating. "It replaces the bad things." "No. I'm not going to hit you, I-" "But you want to," Ren gives him a half smile and Hux isn't quite sure if this is some sort of very fucked up game or not. Ever since Ren came back from that reconnaissance mission he's been a little bit different. Something had happened that had changed him, something on that planet had left him a little darker than usual. "Are you in my head?" "I don't need to be Hux, you're practically screaming it," Ren shudders, he's slipping again. "It does help though. If I can replace those ... memories then I can't fall prey to them anymore." "Kylo ... " Hux feels absolutely wretched. He's disgusted with himself, horrified by his desire to harm his lover. "I don't want to -" "Lose control?" "Hurt you. I could damage you, irreparably." "No," Ren offers him a real smile this time. "You won't. I trust you." He leans up and places a gentle kiss on Hux's lips. "Do it quickly, before I slip much further," there is still panic in him. The strike, while unexpected, had shaken him out of whatever hellish nightmare he was remembering. And nothing felt quite as nice as bleeding under Hux's hands, feeling that preciously guarded control slip. Hux is so scared of it, keeps it so closely guarded under lock and key. "Please, Hux!" SMACK! Ren's head snapped to the other side and he gasped. "Fuck," the word almost a prayer, followed closely by an even more reverent. "Yes." SMACK! Hux backhands him again, a sound that is like a whimper and a moan comes from Hux. This time Ren moaned aloud, his whole body trembling and he was firmly in the present moment. He was bleeding from lips and nose, and never had anything felt so liberating. "Fuck! Hux!" SMACK! He wailed, arching up against the General and then Hux was kissing him. Pressing tongue and teeth against broken lips and trying to devour him. "Maker, you're so beautiful when you're bloody," Hux whispered, his voice dark and lusty. Ren groaned, rocking against Hux as the red head settled himself back into his lap. "So fucking gorgeous when you bleed for me," Hux bit down on his neck and Ren wailed, this was perfection. He'd entirely forgotten that his hands were bound, and that only seconds ago he'd been on the verge of tumbling down a terrifying rabbit hole. All that mattered was Hux kissing him, Hux hurting him in a way that only the red head could. There was this breathtaking darkness to Hux that he kept so carefully and neatly contained. Ren had experienced small tastes of it, but never like this before. Never with this much passion. This was exquisite and he knew that they hadn't even touched on a fraction of what Hux kept locked away. The General was moving his hands again, pinning them above his head and gazing down at him, watching for a reaction. Ren met his gaze, licking blood off his lips. They were both panting, muscles and bodies tight with desire. Then an idea came to Ren. "My turn," he murmured, slowly gesturing with his hand and watching as Hux realized what was happening. Through the Force he reached out and took hold of Hux's neck, not exceptionally tight, not yet. Hux made a whimpering sound and Ren grinned, there it was. Hux's fear was of losing control of himself, but what if it was taken from him? "Keep me restrained General, but touch yourself," Ren murmured, using the Force to press the words like a gentle suggestion into Hux's mind. Slipping past the defenses he'd been working on developing and slowly drowning the idea in the mirror lake of Hux's mind. "Touch yourself for me." Hux felt a small noise escape him. Not quite fear, but not longing either. He felt Ren's invisible grip on his throat tighten and he gasped, and Ren was so gently pressing the suggestion into his mind. He could resist it, if he tried, but Ren had made it sound so sweet, so promising that the General couldn't bring himself to fight the implanted command. /Go on, touch yourself,/ Ren's voice purred in his mind. Hux felt his defenses crumble entirely, as one of his hands moved to undo his pants and work his cock free of his underwear. He couldn't seem to take his eyes of Ren, his Knight, lying beneath him, bloody and panting. By the Maker Kylo Ren looked beautiful when he was bloodied, that was all Hux could think about. And Ren was that way by his hands and no one else's. Ren had asked for him to do it. Had pressed the very limits of Hux's control and now the Knight was in his head and- You think too much, Kylo's mental voice was amused as he pressed into Hux's mind with the Force. Moan for me, General. Hux tried to breath but the Knight's Force grip on his throat was too tight and the only noise that came out was a choking one. Hux could feel himself almost drooling as his body frantically tried to get air. He was fisting his own cock roughly, desperate for release, incapable of disobeying that gentle suggestion whispered by his lover who was bucking against his hips, desperately seeking more friction. "Cum for me, my General," Ren whispered, rocking up against him with a whimper. Oh yes, he could control Hux, could manipulate his lover into a lustful frenzy. Ren's technique for control would be different then the General's, softer, more subtle. The very thought made him groan and buck his hips against Hux's. But his devious ideas would have to be examined more later because Hux's eyes were starting to roll back in his head as he gasped for air. Quickly Ren released his throat from the Force choke. Hux gasped. His vision flashed from black to white and with a low cry he came, slumping forward, a hand grasping his cock tightly, the other still had Ren's bound hands pinned above him. Below him, Ren was groaning, grinding shamelessly against him until his body tensed and he gave a few more frantic thrusts with his hips, cumming with a sound that was suspiciously like a sob, eyes tightly shut. They lay there, panting and shaking for several minutes. "Hux?" Ren's voice was wobbly. "Yes?" "Get these damn things off me," there was a tinge of panic in the Knight's voice and the General hurried to free his lover's damaged wrists from the cuffs. Instantly Ren's arms were around him, pulling him down and close. The Knight was kissing him before pressing his bloodied face against Hux's neck, one hand clutching the back of his head and the other wrapping around his back. "I've got you," Hux murmured, returning the embrace. "I've got you." Ren trembled for a few more minutes as Hux stroked his hair. Then he shifted, reaching into a bowl that sat on the bedside table. "Here, eat this. It'll help," he pressed a small piece of fruit to his lover's lips. The Knight ate it without protest and moaned quietly. Hux had started keeping fruit in his quarters since he'd found out more details about the Knight's 'training'. He would hold Ren and feed the pieces of fruit to him some evenings, when the Knight seemed more anxious than usual, when his Force powers thickened the air like a sickening miasma. There was something very intimate about the gesture, it soothed whatever was knotted up inside his Knight. But Hux would be lying if he didn't say that he loved feeling the brush of lips against his finger tips and watching how Kylo reacted to the sweetness of the fruit. "That was," Ren finally breathed against his neck, placing a gentle bite there as he did. "A very intense game." "Are you sure you're all right?" Hux ran a hand through his Knight's dark hair, worried still. Terrified even, if he had lost control ... But Ren was nodding and his next words surprised Hux. "I'm better now than I was. Maker, I needed that. I needed that so badly. To be free of those memories," he whispered, placing another kiss on Hux's neck, shivering despite being fully clothed still. He pulled back and looked at Hux. "I didn't hurt you, did I?" A cold hand touched Hux's neck gently, the pale skin was already bruising into a very distinct hand print. "You're fine. Nothing my collar won't hide," Hux was certain he was broadcasting worry. He didn't like the idea of replacing Snoke's abuse with his own violence in Ren's mind. What was more worrisome was that Ren had called this a 'game', one that Hux, if he was honest with himself, would love to play. This was probably something a psychtech would consider psychotic behavior. "Come on, shower," he stroked the pads of his fingers along Ren's broken lips, watching as the Knight shivered. He started to pull away from Ren and the Knight slowly sat up, glancing at his wrists as if he only just now had realized that he'd damaged them in his panic earlier. "Hux?" "Hmmm?" "You aren't afraid of me? Being in your head like that, I mean?" Hux was half stripped out of his clothing and he knelt in front of Ren, a hand cradling his damaged face with extreme care. "Kylo, I trust you." --- "Wait for it," Ren's voice was steady as the Captain crouched a few feet away from him. Hux standing next to her, they'd taken to training together recently. Much to the General's surprise, they worked well as a unit. Although, the likelihood of all three of them being on the battlefield at once was slim. If anything Ren and Phasma would be the ones engaging their enemies at close range. But it was comforting to know that if things ever got into dire straits they could manage on their own. This training also allowed Hux to see Phasma's abilities for himself. Much like Force users, her ability didn't manifest itself physically and if you weren't Force sensitive then you would be entirely unaware of her potential. Hux had his doubts as well, but then Ren had him stand within a few feet of the Captain. "I am going to push against you both and when I do, push me back. I will be attempting to take control of one or both of you, so it is essential that you shut me out quickly," Ren instructs her. Phasma nods from where she's crouched. This is something they've done before, they're well practiced at this particular exercise. But adding Hux into the equation makes it a bit different and the General feels a small bit of anxiety as Ren fixes a gaze upon them that would send most people fleeing. For several seconds it is just the three of them breathing. Then Ren moves. The gestures that guide his Force abilities vary based on his mood and can range from subtle to opera dramatic. This time it is the flinging on one arm forward, as if he's attempting to shake something sticky off his hand in a single stroke. Hux feels nothing at first, but then is knocked clean off his feet by the wave of Force powers that comes crashing against himself and Phasma, despite having braced himself. The air becomes heavy and it is difficult to breathe, as if somehow the sheer gravity of the room has been increased. He knows this is only a fraction of Ren's power, he's been on the receiving end of too many Force throws to think otherwise, but still he wishes Phasma would hurry up and push back. "You're giving me too much leeway," Ren warns darkly as he makes another gesture. He brings both his hands upwards in front of his chest, fingers spread and palms up and suddenly Hux feels himself being lifted off the ground by his neck. A glance at the Captain and he sees that she is in the same predicament he is in. "Hurry up and do something!" Hux yells at her, trying not to panic. Not that he worries that Ren will hurt him, but it is still terrifying nonetheless. Much to his frustration Phasma smirks a bit. "Quiet, General," she whispers, closing her eyes for a moment. She looks remarkably calm for someone who is on the verge of being Force choked. "And you Kylo," she opens her eyes to look back at the Knight. " Stop. " Her attack is almost instantaneous: she and Hux drop to the ground as she shields them and then presses the shield outward. In her mind's eye it is like a tidal wave, picking up speed and power as it moves outward from the epicenter of her body. She sees the surprise on Kylo's face only for a second before the shield impacts him and sends him flying backwards. It always amuses her that he can't see, can't sense her offensive shielding, not until the millisecond before it hits him. He's described it to her, it's like being slammed face first into a gray concrete wall. Her shielding repels the Force, sending it hurtling backwards like a magnet rejecting a similarly charged piece of metal. It returns to its sender with the devastating intensity of both her repulsion and the attack's force. Her defensive blocking however, is slightly different, more subtle, more like trying to look through an incredibly thick fog. She pushes herself back to her feet and walks over to him where he's sitting, a dazed expression on his face and offers him her hand. "Sorry I got a little over zealous," she grinned. "You waited too long," he grumbled. "If it had been anyone else-" "Part of the plan," she assures him and he only scowls. "I don't use the full extend of my abilities on you, you know that. It isn't about a siege, it's about being able to disable and escape." "Well maybe you should be more aggressive? I'm not some small child, I can handle myself." "When you have others with you you need to make sure they are protected first," he frowns at her, displeased. "I'll remember that when I stare down that Jedi army that Luke Skywalker is building," she punches his shoulder lightly and he glares daggers at her. He's about to say something further but never gets the chance to as a sudden fit of sneezes overtakes him and he turns his head to avoid sneezing on her. Phasma takes a step back, bemused. "Clearly you're allergic to Jedi." "Not-" Sneeze. "-Funny-" Sneeze. Hux has joined them by now. "Yes, very funny," he adds to the conversation, clearly finding this as amusing as she is. "Shut up!" Sneeze. Sneeze. The Knight was panting for breath. "I swear, you two-" Sneeze. "My gods Kylo, you're gonna sneeze your brains out. Seriously, are you allergic to something?" Phasma asks, her amusement becoming a bit of concern. Ren is shaking his head, sneezes again and sniffles a bit. "Are you getting sick?" Hux asks. Everyone in the First Order is vaccinated, but Ren who came from Jedi training and being Snoke's apprentice, who has no medical records whatsoever, might not be. It isn't something Hux has thought about until now. Especially as one of the planets they recently got supplies from had been experiencing a nasty outbreak of Balmorra flu. The Knight straightens, making a face. "No," but he doesn't sound very sure of his answer. "Well let's call it here for tonight. Not that it isn't amusing to watch Phasma send you flying across the room," Hux smirks slightly and Ren glares daggers at him as well but doesn't protest. --- Ren splashed cold water on his face. Had Hux been right? Was he getting sick? He didn't remember the last time he'd been sick, at least not with illness. The Knight sighed, he felt tired, but not anymore so then usual. It had been three days since he'd last slept, but he had been indulging himself a bit more with Hux than usual, finding excuses to spend the night in the General's quarters. He had to be careful here, had to be wary, his Master still had certain expectations of him. Snoke hadn't contacted him personally since their last confrontation when Ren had pushed back against his Master. All their meetings had been to give routine reports, Hux had been there for each one and Ren had not been alone in his Master's presence for nearly eight weeks. His stomach tightened, and he knew that soon this reprieve would end. Soon his Master would find a new 'test' to subject him to. With a sigh the Knight settled himself on the floor of his quarters. He shivered only briefly and then began to meditate. He had been probing this new emotion, this anger that had fueled him in his resistance of his Master. Anger of such intensity was new to him, he hadn't been a very aggressive child, and didn't ever take pleasure in the meanness that other young males tended to. And his spats with Hux that resulted in destroyed consoles came from aggravation, not anger. Not this desire to rend another being apart, this almost righteous storm of rage, it was shockingly powerful, but fleeting. He couldn't seem to harness it, no matter how hard he tried. The ice cold rage ran through him, leaving him drained and nothing he did seemed to give him the ability to contain it. He closed his eyes and focused, slowly pulling the Force around him. Tonight he would try again. --- "Are you ready?" "Yes." "You're certain?" "Yes." "This will hurt." "I know." Kylo Ren took a few steps back from the General. It was a few days later, they were in Hux's office, the General was sitting behind his desk, looking almost bored, almost annoyed even. Ren was pleased to note however, that his mind was quiet, settled, despite what was about to happen. They had fallen into a schedule of sorts since the Knight's return. Two nights they trained with Phasma, two nights they sparred with each other, and one night for Hux to catch up on reports and paperwork that might have escaped his notice while Ren meditated and trained with his lightsaber. Previously the remaining two nights had been for themselves, where they both indulged in each other, one of those now had been taken up by this new training. It hadn't seemed appropriate to try to do it in the gym, and given what they were doing it seemed wrong to bring that into Hux's bedroom and Ren had flat out refused to let them use his quarters. In fact, the Knight had made a point to tell Hux that unless one of them was dying, to stay out of his personal quarters and not elaborated as to why. The General had not questioned why, the answer would eventually present itself, so they had settled on using Hux's office. There they could at least have privacy. The Knight squared his shoulders now and slowly reached his hand out in the General's direction. He saw the red head's mind, saw the calm mirror lake that he had visualized to hide his thoughts, to present a stillness that reflected his external expressions. The Knight allowed himself to feel a small swell of pride at the progress his lover had made in the past few weeks. Hux was getting stronger, better at controlling his thoughts and better at physically defending himself, even if he did tend to fight dirty to win. That didn't really matter though, all that mattered was that the red head would be able to survive without his blaster and at least hold his own against someone vaguely Force-Sensitive. He would never be at Phasma's level of mental defensive, but he would be strong enough to escape. Survival was what mattered, what Ren trained for and what he trained his lover for. Somewhere along the way of being Snoke's Apprentice, Ren had realized what he was truly after. Having /more/ power had never been a goal of the Knight's, he had simply wanted to control what power he had access to, to become something more than just the failure his parents had abandoned. If he could prove to them that he was able to protect others with this darkness, to do what his grandfather had not: to use the Dark Side's terrific power without being consumed by it. Vader had been consumed by rage, mistrust and hatred. So much so that he had been manipulated by Palpatine, had been poised against his own wife, the one who he'd tried so hard to save and failed. The Dark Side had nearly consumed Vader and it was only by the grace of his Luke Skywalker that the Sith had returned to the Light. Light or Dark, it didn't matter to Ren. It never really had, but seeing that he'd never been able to find this elusive "Light Side" he focused on what he could find, what he was aware of: the cold darkness, the fear. And now this anger. He had to be careful here though, anger could pull him down Vader's path. He had to be stronger then Vader, had to succeed where he had failed. Had to survive the trials yet to come that would threaten to drown him and turn him into something unrecognizable. Ren let out a slow breath, drawing the Force around him and focusing on Hux. The General had described what it had felt like for Snoke to peer into his mind. It had been gentle but cold, so very cold. Snoke was being cautious with Hux's mind and how much prying he did, if that meant he thought the red head was valuable or not Ren couldn't say with any certainty. But he did know that if the ancient being ever saw fit to tear into the General with the same mercilessness that he did Ren, Hux needed to be able to survive, to hide the most crucial parts of himself. His outstretched hand closed into a tight fist and he heard Hux gasp. The mirror lake shimmered and he could feel Hux mentally fighting against him, struggling to keep the lake's surface intact. Ren pressed further, taking the Force and slamming into the surface of the lake as if it were a giant boulder. Hux cried out and Ren could see him gripping the armrests on his chair so tightly his knuckles were white. Ren didn't stop, he took a step closer to the General. He brought his other hand up, fingers crooked as if he might scoop the General's thoughts out of his mind with his hands. It wasn't a pleasant task, forcing his way into someone's mind, it was different than skimming the top of it or being let it. No, this was draining on Ren, exhausting and often times painful, as if he was trying to hold onto a cooking pan that was too hot. With Hux's main defense shattered the Knight pressed his way deeper into the General's mind, descending into the rippling lake to see what, if any, other defenses were in place. Hux was writhing in the chair now, gasping for breath and Ren ignored him, forging ahead. The General hid his memories not in plain sight as Ren did, but in the very bottom of the mental lake, buried deep in the mud and bedrock. There were no distractions on the way down, but it did take a long time, far longer than one would expect, for the lake was too deep to reflect the darkness of the secrets hidden below its surface. The place where hopes, dreams and nightmares were all drowned. Ren found? the bottom of the mental lake and grit his teeth, he was panting for breath himself, trembling from the amount of strength it took bore into his lover's mind. Although much of that may have been his own reluctance to do the General any real damage. He called on the Force once more, pulling from his anger towards Snoke, for every time his Master had done this to him. He used the Force like a dredge on the bottom of the lake in Hux's mind, tearing and pulling at mud and rock that concealed memories and emotions. Hux screamed and Ren felt the General's mind give up a memory, the Force ripping it lose from its hiding place with terrifying ferocity. It was of a dark haired boy with tan skin and almond eyes. Instantly Ren knew who the young man was: Leon. A much younger Hux was kissing him in a dorm room, distracting him from his studying. As Leon went to push Hux away the red head pulled him to one of the small beds. Then they were wrestling, Hux pinning the other boy and Leon was gazing up at him with such unadulterated love. Such hope. 'One day,' Hux promised him, leaning down to whisper in his ear. 'We'll rule, you and me, side by side. We'll take back the Galaxy, we'll make things right again. The way they should have been.' 'Promises, promises,' Leon teases him, hands working to undo Hux's button down shirt. 'The Galaxy can wait, how about for now you just take me?' 'That I can certainly oblige,' Hux kisses him, shedding his own shirt and going to work on his lover's. 'Ah, Hux?' There is something in Leon's voice that gives the red head pause. 'Yes beloved?' 'I have some rather strenuous tests tomorrow. Do you think you could ...' Leon's cheeks turn red at his unspoken request. 'If that is what you need,' Hux's voice drops and becomes darker. 'It would be my privilege to break you.' He breathes in Leon's ear, and the other teen moans against him. 'Yes!' "STOP!" Hux's voice breaks through the memory and Ren falls to his knees panting. The whole room is spinning now and suddenly the Knight can't breathe. His entire chest feels compressed and then a fit of coughing seizes him. Above him he can hear Hux quietly weeping and Ren pushes himself to his feet. The coughing won't stop, it feels like something slimy is caught in his throat now, threatening to choke him and he can't swallow. He places both hands on Hux's desk, leaning on it for support until the fit passes. It finally does, leaving a foul taste in the Knight's mouth, but Ren swallows that back down and turns his attention to Hux. The General is slumped in his chair, an improvement over their last few sessions, which had reduced the red head to tears on the floor. It's still frightening though, to see Hux like this, looking almost broken and utterly defeated. Exposed. Ren pulls the red head into his arms. Hux is shaking, he always is at the end of this training. Ren has offered to stop it, there is only so much resistance someone who isn't Force-Sensitive can offer against a mental intrusion, but Hux refuses. If it is pride or some desire to protect, Ren can't tell, but he knows this can't continue. It will break the man before he is able to resist the attack entirely. This has to stop. "No more," Ren tells him, holding the General tightly in his arms. "This is over. I won't keep doing this to you." There was something there, something that Ren knows he shouldn't have seen. It plays into the puzzle of Hux's past lovers, into that monstrous darkness Hux keeps more carefully hidden than anything else about himself. Hux looks up at him and Ren is amazed to see how open his expression is. The General for all his training at the Academy has never faced Force-users. Where Ren has adjusted to this sort of pain, this torment of having one's mind ripped asunder, Hux is entirely new to it. "This will kill you and if it doesn't," Ren whispers fiercely to him, cupping his face in one hand. "Then it will leave you so damaged that you won't be able to function. No more. I won't hurt you like this, like ... " "Like Snoke does to you?" Hux finishes the Knight's sentence and a pained expression crosses Ren's face as he looks away. They sit there in silence until Hux is able to sit back up again on his own. "Ren, about that night-" "You don't have to explain yourself," Ren places a hand on his lover's leg. "I'm not jealous, only concerned." And it is true, Ren has been able to piece together some of this puzzle, some of just how much the other man had meant to Hux. "I know you cared very deeply for him." He didn't want to press Hux about this anymore tonight, not after this training. "I did," Hux's voice was a whisper. "He was my world. What got me through those final years at the Academy." Ren pulled Hux close to him, running a large hand over the other man's back, working to soothe him and the General trembled, but offered no further elaborations. "Are you purposely targeting those memories?" Hux asked after another stretch of silence. Ren shook his head. "No. It's just whatever comes to the surface first. We have no way of knowing what someone's mind will tell us. Sometimes though, that's the best defense. Pushing memories forward that aren't what your attacker is looking for." Hux nods and leans against the Knight again. "You were coughing really badly, are you all right?" "I think so, just couldn't breathe all of a sudden," Ren stroked fingers through Hux's red hair. He didn't care about the strange coughing fit he'd just had, he was more worried about the General's wellbeing, his state of mind. "What about you? How are you feeling?" Hux is silent again before answering. His answer though, doesn't give Ren any comfort. "Like I've been torn apart and left to bleed out in the cold." --- Ren's entire body ached. His nose wouldn't stop running and he could feel the mucus starting to drain into his chest, making his throat ache and forcing him to breath through his mouth. Standing was a struggle as his body wouldn't stop shivering and even as he slunk into the back of the meeting room where Hux was addressing the senior officers. He was late, beyond fashionably late and bordering on rude. He'd seen to it that Hux had made it back to his own quarters and had stayed with the red haired General until sleep had claimed him, worrying continually about his lover's state of mind. But when no nightmares had come, Ren had finally left Hux's quarters in favor of his own. He had meditated, trying to ease his own anxiety until he had passed out, something that he never did when meditating. He had awoken in a fit of coughing that made him spit up green and yellow globs of mucus on the floor. The General's eyes flicked to him once as he spoke but other than that the red head didn't make any other motion to acknowledge him. Which was fine by Ren at this moment, he lingered for a few minutes, and then left, feeling a tightness in his forehead that meant another round of sneezes was coming on. That had been happening a lot that morning as well: bouts of sneezing and coughing that took hold of him for minutes at a time. He knew his breathing was very audible, the thoughts of other officers had told him that much, a few of the older officers certainly felt that he was trying far too hard to mimic his predecessor, Darth Vader. It was amusing to them and made Ren feel a burn of embarrassment. That would be a little too fanatical, even for him. Thankfully they were too afraid still to voice those ideas to his face and he had his mask to hide behind. He made it back to his quarters just as the fit overtook him. Ren pulled his helmet off with a noise of disgust, sneezing inside a helmet was rapidly making its way to the top of the list of things he hated. He had barely set it down on its stand when the wave of dizziness hit him and he collapsed on the cot that served as his bed. Ren lay there, wallowing in the all consuming ache that wouldn't leave his bones, snot running out of one side of his nose and the other hopelessly congested. His eyes watered from the pressure inside his head that no amount of nose blowing would relieve. The Knight couldn't remember the last time he had felt this miserable. Certainly there had been other unpleasant situations he'd found himself in, but this was wholly from within his own body. Then, unbidden, a memory came to him. He remember being very young, and coughing. He had been with his father on a trip that took them to the Outer Rim, hospitals were scarce so Han had given him a shot of whiskey to cure it and sent him to bed on the Millennium Falcon. The next morning Ren had been coughing so much that blood came up and a fever had consumed him. In a panic Han had taken him to the first hospital he could find. Ren had been so small and so afraid back then, not understanding what all the droids and people in white coats were doing. Not grasping why he was being poked and prodded so much. His senses overwhelmed by the pricks of needles and bright lights and blood being drawn and the reek of sterilizing cleaner. But the worst part was not understanding why they'd not let his father and Chewbacca stay with him and had locked him away inside a cold, too bright, white room. They'd kept him there for a week and no amount of crying or begging would convince them to release him. But then, his mother had appeared. Just her being there had made all the difference. She had brushed passed the nurses and doctors that tried to stop her. "I'm immune, I got the same thing when I was his age. A lot of children on Aldderan did," she had told at them before gathering his tiny, trembling body up in her arms and rocking him. He remembered snatches of conversations, something about treating symptoms, and genetic carriers. But then, finally, everyone had left and his mother had stroked his hair, holding a warm compress against his chest that made his coughing stop for a short time. Every time he'd started coughing, he'd start crying because it hurt and it was frightening. He was afraid they'd take his mother away too like they had Han and Chewie. He'd been so little then, it hardly seemed possible now. It was almost as if it was someone else's memory. But his mother had cradled him, singing a soft song he couldn't remember anymore, until he fell asleep. She had stayed with him through the duration of the illness and now in this moment Ren wished that she was there. Mind hazy with fever, he reached out through the Force, picturing her as he remembered her, before he became a monster and she had been afraid of him. Mother ... Was his last thought as a coughing fit seized him and he lost consciousness. --- Leia straightened from the map she was studying. "Be-" the name died on her lips. No, surely not, it couldn't be. Could it? The call had been so small, so weak. She reached out, her own Force abilities not as refined as Luke's were, she had focused on being a General, not a Jedi after all. But they were enough, she reached out as far as she could, searching for the whisper she'd felt. But there was nothing. She spent a few more moments searching, but nothing came to her. Perhaps she had imagined it? The princess turned General had been thinking about her wayward son more than usual lately. She and Han had fought again and he had left, followed shortly after by Luke. After they had both claimed to have seen Ben at D'Qar, they had urged her to move the Resistance base. But Leia had refused, she'd felt the Force ripple with power, but D'Qar was a strange, Force Sensitive planet and it often tricked the mind. It could have been anyone who was afraid, that didn't mean that it was Ben. So two shouting matches and eight weeks later she was alone again, her family scattered and lost. Leia sighed and turned her attention back to the maps. --- "Have you seen Lord Ren today?" "No Sir, I haven't. Has he gone AWOL again?" Phasma turned her attention away from the firing practice she was conducting to look at the General. He looked paler then usual and under her mask, she frowned. "Possibly. Let me know if shows up and decides to break something." "Of course, Sir." Kylo Ren was conspicuously absent from the rest of the meetings that day. Phasma didn't see him either, much to Hux's annoyance. But as it grew later and Ren failed to appear, Hux's aggravation turned to worry. Their training from the previous night was still too fresh in his mind, just how much of that memory had Ren seen? Was it that or was Hux just feeling the paranoia that often came after these mental training sessions? These sessions often distorted his focus, his perception of things, just as Ren had warned him they would. That was the purpose of the mental attack, to disable one's enemy and make them give you information. Late evening became the witching hour and Ren was still absent. Hux decided, against his better judgment and Ren's warning, to check the Knight's quarters. Ren had been coughing a lot, sneezing too, something the Knight was not prone to doing. Perhaps the fearsome Kylo Ren really had just gotten a touch of the flu. That might mean dragging him to the medical bay, and Hux instantly wished he'd gotten Phasma to help him, just in case. There was no response when he pounded on the door to Ren's quarters. Fortunately for Hux, his credentials overrode just about every lock on the old ship. The door slid open and a rush of cold air poured out of the dark room, followed closely by the smell of mucus and sickness. "Ren?" Hux called into the dark. "Ren!" he tried again and was greeted with silence. Except it wasn't entirely quiet, there was the sound of someone struggling for breath. The General stepped into the room, pawing at the wall for a light switch. His fingers connected with it finally and a dim light flickered on, flooding the sparse room with a pale yellow glow. Hux had only been in here once before, when he'd been searching for the case of needles to save Ren's life. He'd not taken the time to studying the room, now he did. There was a dresser at one end of the room and a closet. A half open door that led to a small bathroom was perpendicular to that and another door next to it was shut and led elsewhere. The rest of the room was completely barren, no other furnishing, nothing that hinted that an actual human being lived there. Then Hux's eyes found the bed. Or rather the tiny metal framed cot that served as a bed and the person on it. "Kylo!" Hux moved forward then. The Knight was half undressed, his arms tangled in the robes he always wore. He was shivering and sweating, eyes glazed with a fever, his skin too pale, making every mole and scar stand out with frightening clarity. But it was Ren's breathing that made Hux the most concerned. Every gasp of air seemed to be a struggle and he could see angry red welts on Ren's neck and chest where the Knight had clawed at himself in a panic at not being able to breathe. A coughing fit took over Ren as Hux drew near, sounding wet and with a rattle that suggested sickness had lodged itself in his lungs. "H-Hux?" Ren managed to rasp as he tried to breathe before another round of coughing over took him. "You ca-can't be here!" Hux frowned at that, but glanced around the room, wondering if this too was part of the control Snoke exerted over his Apprentice. Removing privacy and increasing paranoia. To be safe, the General chose his next words carefully. "And you should be in the medical wing. What good are you to the First Order if you've coughed up a lung?" "Get-" Cough. "-Out!" Cough, cough, gag, moan, spit. Ren was half hanging off the cot now, trembling from the force of the cough, blood, mucus and drool dripping of his lips and onto the floor as he gasped for air. "You need medical attention Ren, this is stupid. I'm sure your Master wouldn't approve of you dying from something as easily treatable as the flu," Hux leaned down and decided to risk brushing Ren's sweat soaked hair out of his face. The Knight whined at the touch. "I'm calling a medical droid, no arguing," Hux told him, as Ren's eyes closed and fluttered back open again and then slid closed and the Knight made a defeated noise. --- Ren had been in the medical wing for two days when Hux received the summons for a meeting with the Supreme Leader. The General would have to go alone, the Knight was still slipping in and out of a fevered sleep and coughing violently. Scans had shown a massive infection in his lungs, something that the terrified doctors had gasped at in astonishment. They had put Ren on seven different drugs and oxygen to combat the disease and quickly quarantined the Knight and put Hux through decontamination and then ordered booster vaccine shots for the entire crew of the ship. While annoying, Hux had not expected the Knight to react as he had when he'd woken up in quarantine: his reaction had been less than ideal. In what one of the staff nurses had described in her verbal report to Hux after the incident, as a fit of nosocomephobic terror, the Knight had destroyed the room he was being held in, ripped out his IVs, trashed four medical droids, broken one orderly's arm and Force thrown three doctors before someone had been able to get close enough to sedate him. Since then he had been kept under the influence of a sedative cocktail, as one of the primary anesthetics had been interfering with his already labored breathing and he constantly fought the sedatives, surfacing for a few minutes of panicked, coughing consciousness every hour or so before the drugs would take hold of him again. Ren was in no condition to do anything, let alone stand before his Master, although Hux suspected that the ancient being already knew this. He mentally rehearsed for the tenth time exactly what he would say if Ren's absence was remarked upon. Sure enough, it was. "I see my Apprentice is not with you," Snoke seemed genuinely confused by this, when Hux entered the room alone and Ren failed to appear for several minutes. "Surprisingly, he has managed to become ill," Hux sneered. "He was found collapsed with a fever and has been put in quarantine in the medical bay." "Quarantine? How very startling," Snoke steepled his long fingers in thought. Hux said nothing further, he could feel the icy touch of invisible hands in his mind and took a deep breath, focusing on keeping his mind calm. "Tell me now General, how did you say you found him?" "I didn't, Supreme Leader," Hux felt his pulse quicken. "But it was you who found him," the hands were slipping beneath the calm waters of Hux's mind. Snoke's technique was different then Ren's, it reminded the General of a great serpent. Hux grit his teeth as a bolt of pain went through his temple, and he focused his thoughts on only irritation, frustration at the Knight. "Unfortunately, yes," he replied, making his tone aggravated. Let Snoke believe they were at each other's throats, that they irritated and drove each other mad, working together only grudgingly. He felt certain memories rise to the surface above the others, and didn't bother trying to hide them from Snoke, let him see the petty spats, Ren destroying things and Hux yelling at him. The Supreme Leader however, seemed uninterested in them and pressed his way deeper into Hux's mind. "So tell me then, General, what purpose would you have to go to my Apprentice's quarters?" "It seemed the most likely place for him to be," Hux grit out, the pain in his head was starting to blur his vision. There is movement in Hux's peripheral vision and suddenly Snoke's probing cold hands vanish and Hux sucks in a deep breath and risks a glance to his left. "I apologize for my tardiness, Supreme Leader," Ren's voice, weak and strained, fills the meeting chamber. The Knight is straining to breathe and he's still shaking, how he's managed to make it from the medical bay to the meeting chamber is beyond Hux. From underneath the sleeve of one arm dangles the torn plastic tubing of IVs. Then a fit of coughing overtakes the Knight, causing him to double over. Snoke waits until it passes before speaking again. "The General was just telling me that you had taken ill. How fortunate for you that he is aware of the goings-on of his ship," Snoke's tone chills Hux and he sees Ren visibly shudder, all the black robes in the galaxy cannot hide the fear running through the Knight. Then Hux sees that Ren is without his mask, his face pale and there are dark circles under his eyes. Ren makes no effort to respond to his Master's words, only bowing his head, his breathing labored. "You are to go to Nilash, one of my contacts has told me the planet's leaders are interested in supporting the First Order. Secure an alliance treaty with them General and if they fail to meet our terms, then use my Apprentice to convince them otherwise." "Yes Supreme Leader," Hux replies quickly, noting that Ren merely nods. Snoke waves a hand at the General and he knows he is dismissed. Hux turns on his heel, not sparing the Ren a glance and walks out of the room. The door barely slides shut behind him when he hears Ren's scream of pain. A few seconds later the Knight emerges, wiping a trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand. "I didn't ask for your help!" Ren seethes at him. "You have no business meddling in my affairs!" "I'll keep that in mind next time you're drowning in your own mucus," Hux shoots back at him. "You're no good to the First Order dead! Go back to the medical bay and stay there!" Suddenly Kylo's lightsaber comes to life, pulsating its angry red color, humming with barely contained energy. "I do not take orders from the likes of you !" he snarls, the tip of the saber centimeters from Hux's face. Their argument is starting to draw the attention of passing troopers and officers alike and Hux spots Phasma's chrome armor among the onlookers. "Stop acting like a child. You are in no position to argue. Go back to the medical bay or I will have you escorted there by force and ensure that the Supreme Leader hears about your insubordination!" Hux raises his voice slightly, watching Ren's face, seeing the anger, the fear flicker across it. "You -" the Knights next tirade is cut off by a fit of coughing, forcing him to deactivate his lightsaber as he gasps for breath. Hux moves then and places one hand on the Knight's chest, giving him a firm shove backwards and watches with some small satisfaction as Ren topples backwards onto his ass, his lightsaber skidding to the floor. "As I said Ren, you are in no position to argue. Captain Phasma," Hux leans down, retrieving the lightsaber as Phasma steps forward from the crowd. "Escort Lord Ren back to the medical bay. Ensure that he stays there until the physicians clear him of whatever plague he's managed to acquire." "Yes sir." Don't send me back there! The voice in Hux's head almost makes him pause as he turns away from the scene. Hux! Don't! Please don't send me back there! Hux forces himself to walk away as Phasma roughly pulls Ren to his feet and starts to drag him back in the direction of the medical bay. HUX! The fear that Ren is projecting is so strong that it threatens to make Hux physically ill and he almost gives in. Almost turns back around. But then Ren's mental pleading is suddenly dampened and then goes quiet entirely. Hux realizes that Phasma must be blocking the Knight, suppressing his Force abilities. He'll have to thank her later, and he'll have to reconcile with Ren. Suddenly the lightsaber he's confiscated feels like a heavy weight in his hand. --- Ren has become oddly docile as they near the medical bay. He's acting more like a man condemned then one who simply has to go back on medication and bed rest. "It'll be fine," she tells him as she escorts him into the private quarantine room, a strong grip on his arm still, just in case he decides to panic and run. He says nothing, not even trying to reach out with the Force and all but collapses on the small bed. A nurse comes in, quickly hooking back up the IVs that he'd torn out earlier. Ren flinches when the needles pierce his skin again but makes no noise and the nurse practically runs out of the room once she's finished. Phasma decides then that it is finally safe to let go of her charge. "You can't rip those out again," Phasma tells the Knight. He gives her no response and Phasma sighs heavily, glancing around to make sure the door is closed and they truly have privacy. "Kylo-" "I won't leave," he interrupts her, looking away as he speaks. "I won't pull the IVs out, I won't assault the staff, I won't break the medical droids. There. Happy?" His voice has a quiver to it that makes her concerned. "Don't be like that. Hux wouldn't have had you taken here if he wasn't worried." "I know!" The Knight snaps, then in a softer whisper repeats. "I know." "Get some rest," she pats his shoulder and turns to leave when he grabs her arm. His grip is strong, despite his illness and she looks back at him, his expression is wide eyed and vulnerable. "Kylo, it'll be fine." She would like nothing more than to hug him tightly, but she can't stay much longer, they're already going to have to decontaminate her. "I promise. It'll be okay. Hux and I will be waiting for you when you get out, just rest okay?" Slowly he lets go of her arm and sinks back into the small, flat pillows on the bed, his expression detached, as if he wants to be anywhere but there in that bed. His fingers are fussing at the thin sheets, picking tiny balls of lint off them and she can see a muscle working in his jaw as he clenches his teeth. Phasma glances at one of the IV bags, a sedative was already rapidly dripping into the Knight's veins, he would be asleep soon. She stepped away and left the room, by the time she had been decontaminated Kylo Ren had passed into an uneasy sleep. --- "How is he?" Hux asked when the Stormtrooper Captain reported to him later that evening. "Unwillingly asleep, the last I heard, Sir." The General slumped in his chair, sighing. Ren's lightsaber was in one of the drawers of his desk, the last thing they needed was for the Knight to disembowel their medical staff, at the same time it felt very wrong to have taken it from him. "You did the right thing," Phasma told him. "Even if he hates it, this isn't something that one of his hacked together, black market remedies can treat." "Black market?" Hux raised his eyebrows. "Where did you think the needles of nanobots came from? Those aren't something you pick up at a clinic, General. They aren't cheap either. He goes out of his way to avoid proper medical care, how do you think his shoulder got patched up? What do you mean? Hux straightened in his chair. He got back, half dead and begged me not to send him to the medical wing. Wouldn't let me get you either, Phasma elaborated. Was terrified of you seeing him in that state, so I had to do the patch job myself. Now if all this is part of the Knights of Ren handbook or not-" she shrugged. "-but it'll get him killed if he isn't careful." Hux nods, the Captain's point is a troubling one and he's not sure what, if anything can be done to remedy the Knight's almost complete inability to care for himself. If this avoidance was a legitimate tenant of the Knights, part of Ren's so-called "training" imposed on him by his Master, or something else entirely Hux couldn't say, he was just as mystified as Phasma was. Even worse Ren was hiding things, important things from him and that wounded the General in a way he didn't ever expect. He's torn between anger, guilt and helplessness, but for now there is nothing he can do. "Thank you for your insight, Captain." --- The Nilash System and its self-titled planet are a two week's journey away. The old Star Destroyer will orbit the planet while a smaller shuttle takes Hux, Ren (if he's recovered by then) and a handful of troopers as a guard, to handle negotiations to the planet. It's a week into the voyage and Hux receives a holo-call from a rather frightened looking doctor telling him that they had released the Knight from the medical bay with a few days worth of medicine and that he should make a full recovery. Hux had half expected the Knight to storm into his office and demand his lightsaber back. But there was no sign of the man anywhere on the ship. Even Phasma hadn't seen him come that evening and the Captain suggested that perhaps it would behoove them to make sure that there was a tracker on the Knight, given his perchant for disappearing. The General entered his own quarters feeling oddly disappointed and revealed at the same time. He hadn't wanted to engage Ren in another shouting match, or have to try and justify his actions to the unbalanced Knight. Flicking on his desk lamp, he noticed a dark pile of clothing on the floor and a pair of black boots that undeniably belonged to Kylo Ren. Frowning, Hux glanced around the room but saw no sign of anyone else. Then he realized his bathroom door was shut and the sound of running water was coming from the other side. Hux tried the handle and it didn't budge, tried the override code and the panel gave him an 'access denied', message. He sighed, locked out of his own bathroom. Perfect, if childish. There was nothing to do but wait, so Hux sat down at his desk and started to look over the files he'd brought with him. He became so absorbed in the material that he failed to notice when the water stopped running and the bathroom door slid open. It wasn't until Ren's arms encircled around him, startling him out of his thoughts, that Hux realized his lover was behind him. "Hey," Ren murmured in his ear, pressing a kiss against the back of his neck. That word is rapidly developing a meaning of all its own. A way of admitting how much they hurt, and how desperately they need comfort, without all the words involved in it. "Hey," Hux leaned back into the embrace, shivering against the Knight. For once the Knight's skin was warm, steam was pouring off his body and his chest was still wet from the shower. Ren holds him tightly, his body shaking, until Hux turns and stands, leading the Knight to the bed. Ren follows him willingly enough, but stops just short of the bed, turning away to cough violently. Hux winces at the sound. "I was told by the doctors that you were given medicine to take?" Ren nods between the coughs. "Go take it," Hux tells him gently as he places a hand on the other man's back, right above where his towel is wrapped around his hips. "It'll help." Ren glares at him but Hux doesn't back down. "Take it," he lowers his own defenses and projects worry at the Knight. "Don't be difficult," he adds, giving Kylo's towel wrapped rear a gentle swat. That earns him a look of bemusement from the Knight but Ren obeys without comment, walking over to his pile of discarded clothes and retrieving a bottle of pills from it. He swallows two of them without water, grimacing as he does and Hux sighs, sitting on the bed and pulling off his own boots. Ren joins him, perching on the edge of the bed, leaving some space between himself and the General. Neither of them move until finally Hux closes the space between them and pulling Ren into an embrace. They fall backwards then, limbs tangling together, drawing them closer to each other as Ren presses his face against Hux's chest. "Easy, it's okay" he murmurs to the Knight and Kylo whimpers softly. "I've got you, just breathe." He holds Kylo until his trembling stops and presses a kiss to the top of his head before he moves, flipping the Knight gently onto his back. Ren makes a noise of protest, not willing to give in so easily, not after the hell he's been through. They grapple briefly on the bed, Ren's towel falling away as they roll about fighting for control. That is until Hux swats at the Knight's rear again and Ren jumps at the sting of Hux's gloved hand against his ass. "Just let me-" Another swat and Ren goes still. "-Let me take care of you!" Hux is straddling the Knight's hip now and Kylo is half rolled on his side. They're both panting for breath and Ren is clinging to the bedding beneath him. Hux pulls his uniform jacket and undershirt off before discarding his his gloves. He strokes a hand over Ren's pale skin where it has turned red from the strikes. "You are so difficult ... " To love, the words go unsaid. "No more than you," the Knight retorts, but there is no bite in his words as he shivers under the gentle touch. He shifts then, rolling to his stomach with a sigh, his body going limp under Hux's fingers. The General continues to stroke his fingers and hands over the Knight's back. He massages his Knight with care, placing kisses along every scar that covers his back. Hux is rocking himself against the soft swell of Ren's ass as he works his hands over that muscled and scarred body. "You are my world, Kylo," he whispers in Ren's ear, feeling the other man tremble as he does. "If something had happened to you, I would never forgive myself." A sob comes from the Knight and he arches back against Hux. "Easy," Hux whispers to him, tracing finger tips over Ren's sides to rest at his hips. "Hux-" Ren whines, arching further against him. "Want you. Need to feel you." But as the General lubes his fingers to press them against his entrance, the Knight stops him. "No, take me, just-just like this," he is panting and coughs slightly as he speaks. "I need to feel all of it. All of you. Please." "Kylo-" "Please!" Ren knows how desperate he sounds but he desperately needs to replace the emptiness and anxiety of isolation with Hux's presence. He needs Hux to give him the loving pain that only the red head can. Ren needs it to ground himself, to shake off the last of the sedative that lingers in his blood. Hux places a kiss on the small of his back and then Ren feels him pull away and bites back a groan. The sound of Hux shedding his clothing comes from behind him and then the General is leaning back over him, his entire body warm, so much warmer then Ren's ever is, it sends chills through the Knight. Then he feels Hux's cock pressing against him, slick with lube as the General guides himself with one hand and holds Ren's hip with the other. There is the smallest of hesitations and then Hux pushes passed the tight ring of muscle. Ren gasps, pressing his face against the bed as pain floods him and he realizes Hux has frozen behind him. Don't stop! Don't! Ren presses the words into Hux's mind, arching his back, trying to penetrate himself further on the red head's cock. "Shhh," Hux strokes a hand over his rear in an effort to soothe him before bracing himself against the bed and pressing forward again. He keeps going, despite the noises coming from the man below him as Ren desperately tries to bury them in the bedding. Hux stops when he's fully seated inside his lover, panting for breath, resisting the urge to move, Ren's body squeezing him with tortuous tightness. "Move!" the Knight whispers anxiously and Hux obliges him with a moan. It doesn't take long for Ren to start arching back into his thrusts, crying out as his fingers clutch the bedding beneath them. Hux reaches forward and takes a fistful of that dark hair in his hand, pulling the Knight's head back and forcing his body into an arch that looks uncomfortable but Ren's moans tell him otherwise. The Knight cums before he does. That muscled body tensing beneath the General as Ren grids his hips shamelessly against the bedding, desperate for more sensation, more friction after so long of being isolated from everything and whispers Hux's name as his orgasm grips him. Hux keeps moving through it, placing bruising kisses on Ren's exposed neck before he finally releases his grip on Ren's hair and lets him fall forward onto the bed. The Knight is gasping for breath but somehow still manages to arch himself up against the General as Hux finally spends himself inside that willing body and collapses onto Ren. They lie there, catching their breath until discomfort and another coughing fit from Ren necessitates a change in position. Tonight the Knight seemed content to rest his head on Hux's chest and let himself be cradled. "I was worried about you," the General finally admits, pressing a kiss to Ren's temple. "You left me," the words are accusatory and carry a hurt that goes deeper than just this past week. " There of all places!" "Kylo," Hux sighed, tightening his embrace on the Knight, but Ren doesn't stop, and Hux feels him starting to shake again as he keeps speaking. "I could feel him," the Knight whispered, his tone darkening. "Through all the drugs, I feel him. Could tell he was rooting around in your head. Hurting you! I don't want him to ever hurt you!" The Knight pushes himself up on one elbow so his dark eyes meet Hux's. "If he finds out that he can, then he'll never stop!" There is something wild and dangerous in the Knight's eyes as he speaks, bowing his head. "And that would kill me. I can't protect you if I'm- I'm-" "Sometimes, you have to let me protect you, Kylo," Hux murmurs to him, nuzzling a kiss against his neck and a sob comes from the Knight. "You have to let me take care of you. You can't fight all on your own. You need allies, you need to trust others enough to let them support you. You trust Phasma that much, that's why you let her stitch up your shoulder," Ren looks up at him with an expression of horror. "Yes she told me about that, finally ," Hux sighs in small frustration. "Kylo I need you to trust me that much. Please? Or this will never work and we'll both end up dead or worse." It is silent for a long time and then, finally Kylo starts to speak. "When I was little, four or five I think, I got very sick," his voice trembles a bit as he speaks. Hux settles himself a little better against the pillows and slowly Ren sinks back down to rest his head on Hux's chest as he trusts Hux and tells his lover what happened. --- "Does it not seem strange to you that we're going to Nilash of all places?" Ren asks the General as they stand on the bridge, looking at the small blue and green planet below them. "What do you mean?" "The planet is not known for its particularly strong loyalty to the Old Empire," the Knight muses, and Hux wishes he could see Ren's expression. "It wasn't exceptionally loyal to the Rebellion either," Hux reminds him. "Fair weather allies are not the kind the Order needs," were it not for the distortion of his voice through the mask, Hux would almost believe that Ren was sulking. "That is why the Supreme Leader assigned you to attend the negotiations and ensure that they are dedicated," Hux smirked slightly. "You are always the one that says fear does not inspire allies, have you changed your stance then, General?" Of course Ren would throw that back in his face now, hours before meeting with the Nilashian representatives. "I would like to think of having you involved in the negotiations is not for the purpose of threatening, but rather a show of power. The First Order has the Master of the Knights of Ren, what does the Republic have to show, but one AWOL Jedi? The weak gravitate towards the powerful, it is all about how one presents and applies that power that determines what will inspire their loyalty." Ren made a 'hmph'-ing noise, as if he didn't believe a word of what Hux had said. "Well thank the Maker for that," his tone was dripping with sarcasm. "Because somehow I don't think that a single Star Destroyer that is older than you or I is helping the Order's display of power." "If we secure the funding we need from Nilash and their allies then appearances and the size of our fleet will be the least of our problems," Hux glared at the Knight. "That is one very large 'if', General." "You suspect otherwise?" Hux was getting frustrated, he didn't have time to deal with the Knight speaking in riddles. Ren was silent for a few seconds before sighing quietly, the noise almost inaudible beneath his mask. "I do." "On what grounds?" "The Force," Ren offers no further elaboration. "I'm not calling off the meetings based on culty telekinesis," Hux frowns. There is too much at stake to turn tail now and he highly suspected that Snoke would be displeased if they failed to attend the negotiations because of some 'tremor in the Force'. He feels Ren shift beside him and half expects another one of their famous shouting matches to start. Behind them, he's aware of the other officers glancing at them, waiting for the inevitable explosion of violence. This is perhaps one of the longest conversations that he and Ren have had without it dissolving into shouting or something getting destroyed. To his relief though Ren doesn't respond with his usual venom. "As you will, General," he turns on his heel and strides off the bridge. As he does, the air seems to lighten on the bridge and Hux suspects that someone somewhere was losing a bet, very very badly. --- Kylo Ren had a very bad feeling about this meeting. That feeling did not go away as they boarded the shuttled that took them down to the lush planet. Nor did it leave as the Nilash representatives greeted them, with far more enthusiasm than was healthy for any being. Behind his mask, Ren frowned. The Force was humming with warning, it wasn't urgent, not yet at least, but it was damnably persistent, like a bug whining in one's ear. He could not ignore it and cautiously reached out with the Force, expanding the web of cold darkness as far as he dared. Nilash was not a very active planet. It had been mostly ignored by the Old Republic, razed by the Old Empire, and now with the New Republic the planet faired little better. Much of the world was still wild, covered in dense rainforests, populated by the native, vaguely humanoid species that was gifted with hive mind telekineses. Humans and the politics of the galaxy were all imports to the planet, and they had only come because Nilash was practically bursting at the seams with Anthracite, that remarkably stable fuel that was a nearly universal star ship fuel and something everyone needed. Control fuel, food, or water and one could control the Galaxy. From that point of view the appeal of having Nilash under the First Order's control was obvious. Not only did it give them a fuel resource, but it also would give them a foothold in the Outer Rim. One that would allow them to eventually take control of other resource rich planets, like Chelloa that had been once used for agriculture but was more highly valued because of its natural deposits of Baradium. Give the First Order a chance to have access to nearly limitless fuel and weapons material and they would wreck havoc. Millions would either surrender or die. That thought made the Knight's blood run cold, he was not fond of outright slaughter and if Hux was as clever a strategist as everyone believed he was, they would be able to take the Galaxy with little trouble. That was what Starkiller Base was for, a show of power. Greater then the Old Empire's Death Stars, Starkiller would be able to destroy an entire system in a single blow from anywhere in the Galaxy by sacrificing the stars and using them as munition. And it would be completed in a fraction of the time it had taken the Empire to construct either Death Star. But in order to do that the First Order desperately needed more funding. Ren pulled his Force web back to himself. Nothing remarkable, nothing noteworthy. Even the native species of Nilash were quiet, hiding themselves in their homes amongst the trees of the jungle that seemed to press inwards on them from all sides. The Force still buzzed with warning, but it was too indistinct a message to make out clearly. Staticy and unintelligible. It began to rain lightly as they reached the meeting hall and Ren felt something send small ripples through the Force. He paused as he was about to enter the room, turning his head back in the direction of the jungle. Something ... The Force had gone oddly silent, as if the rain had washed away the tracks to whatever had been so dangerous before. He turns away from the jungle and enters the meeting hall, moving to stand behind the chair Hux is seated in. --- It is late at night when they finally wrap up negotiations. Things have gone smoothly, too smoothly for Ren's taste. The Nilash representatives have practically rolled over for them, and even offered to help them secure the neighboring Chelloan System. There is a point of being too helpful and the Knight is fairly certain that they've far exceeded it. As they leave the meeting hall the Force resuming its indistinct warning siren, louder now and Ren grits his teeth as it bores into his skull. Hux is making a snide remark to him about how he trusts the Force too much, that culty telekinesis is no substitute for proper negotiation. Ren ignores him, throwing out a vast net of Force energy as they walk back to the shuttle with their small escort. Scanning the area, trying to find out what was out of place. Something was off. It was too quiet and the Force was too loud. Ren slows his pace and Hux looks back at him, clearly annoyed. "What?" "How many troopers did we come down with?" "Twenty, if you count the two pilots. Why?" "We have ten with us." "Which means there are eight and two pilots back at the shuttle. Yes Ren, we can all do basic math. Now come on, I think another storm is coming and I do not want to be caught in it." Thunder rumbled overhead as if to prove Hux's point. "Something isn't right," Ren shook his head. "The only thing that isn't right is that we're about to be caught in a downpour and be covered in mud. We're more in danger of some elusive threat by standing here bickering than we are on the shuttle," Hux turned away from Ren, motioning for their escort to fall in with him. The troopers did, however hesitantly. If Kylo Ren was worried about something that did not bode well for the rest of them. Twenty. There should have been twenty troopers in their escort. Why then could he only sense ten? Why had their guests who had been so eager to greet them, not come to see them off? Ren quickly caught up to Hux and the escort. Their shuttle was only a few meters away and the Force had started to sound sirens in Ren's head so loudly that he almost thought they might be audible. As they drew closer to the old Imperial shuttle Ren felt a searing pain shoot through him and he reached out, grabbing the General by the arm and bodily pulling him away from the gangplank that led up into the body of the shuttle. "Ren! What in the name of-" Hux turned to snarl at him. "They're dead!" "What?" Ren didn't have a chance to reply as the shuttle next to them erupted in a ball of flames and shrapnel. The force of the explosion and their proximity to it sends them flying backwards. Ren quickly pulled the Force around them, repelling the worst of the flames and jagged shards of metal. What remained of their escort was not so lucky. Hux's ears were ringing and his head was swimming. Ren was shouting at him to get up, to get on his feet. The Knight was already standing, lightsaber activated, scanning the wreckage of their shuttle, and their dead or dying troopers. "This was a trap!" Ren hissed at him, he didn't sound as smug as Hux had expected him to be. Perhaps though, that was because his attention was on deflecting the hail of blaster bolts that were raining down on them now. "Any time you want to help General!" Ren threw a hand out, sending a group of their attackers flying back. Hux pushed himself to his knees, fingers reaching for his blaster. Adrenaline was flooding him and the entire world came into hyper-focus. His ears were filled with the sound of their dying troopers, the crackle of their destroyed shuttle wreckage and the sound of blaster fire. The smell of the burning wreckage fills his nose and the ozone crackling around Ren's saber intensifies with every blast he deflects. They have nowhere to run, the burning shuttle at their back, and their enemies in front of them, they're pinned down. They have to fight. It is stacked against them, almost unfairly so. This force is much larger than their escort had been, and for a moment Hux isn't sure entirely who is attacking them until his eye catches sight of the Resistance emblem on the chest of one of the soldiers. It is that emblem that Hux aims for. His shot hits and the alien falls instantly. Hux turns and fires again, staying on one knee to aim better. Another Resistance fighter falls, this one with a scream of pain. Hux's eyes find another target and he fires again. Another scream. Again. This one fell silently. Again. Armor took most of the blaster's damage, so the General sinks two more shots into their attacker. This time they go down and stay down. Above him Ren is a storm of dark Force power, deflecting bolts back at their attackers, using the Force to throw people back who get to close. The Resistance is clever, they aren't getting close enough to allow the Knight to strike them down with his lightsaber. And Kylo Ren is starting to tire as the battle wages on, seconds turn into minutes. There are simply too many soldiers against them. Then the heavens open above them and rain pours down in sheets that make finding targets difficult without the assistance of heat seeking scopes or the Force. For a few seconds they are given reprieve as their enemy scrambles. Hux pushes himself up to his feet, his blaster is dangerously close to overheating and his hands are shaking. Ren seems to have frozen, his lightsaber crackling as rain soaks it, briefly Hux wonders if the weapon will be damaged by the rain. "We need to fall back!" he yells at the Knight over the rain, as a thunder clap echoes over. He never hears Ren's reply because in the lightning flash that follows, pain blossoms from his side and Hux's world flips. He's suddenly lying on the ground, staring up at the sky. Above him he hears Ren screaming above him and he sees the red of his lightsaber flying about, slicing down an opponent who has gotten too close. The next crack of thunder brings a vibration to the ground and a shock wave that Hux has come to identify with Ren Force throwing someone. Or, given the strength of it, several someones. Hux tries to push himself off the ground, pain coursing through his side and making him falter and collapse back into the mud. Ren deactivates his lightsaber, attaching it to his belt and pulls him back to his feet. "We have to run!" is all the explanation the Knight gives and then he's pulling Hux through the fires of the burning wreckage. Hux stumbles, pain overriding adrenaline now and it's only because Ren has a hold on him that he doesn't fall again. "Come on! Keep moving!" Ren is screaming back at him through the rain and darkness. Hux has no idea where they're going as they plunge blindly into the jungle foliage, leaves and branches slapping him in the face as he struggles for breath, the mud underfoot threatening to suck his boots right off his feet. They press onward, deeper and deeper into the jungle. Ren keeps pulling him, a bruising grip on his arm, not relenting, even when Hux's legs give out. "Get up!" the Knight screams at him, pulling Hux back to his feet and continuing to drag him through the jungle and rain. The dense vegetation makes their progress slow, dulls noises and restricts their field of vision, the lightning only giving them brief glances of the world around them. Finally Ren stops, turning his head this way and that, as if he's trying to figure out which way to take them. Hux sinks to the ground, not caring that mud is covering him. He's exhausted, his body is shaking, the rain is draining his body's heat from him. His greatcoat left behind in the wreckage of their shuttle and by the Maker his left side hurts! He puts a hand to it and when he takes it off he sees in the flash of lightning that his hand is covered in bright red blood. He's been shot. "This way," Ren pulls him to his feet again and Hux feels his legs threaten to give out. "Just a bit further," Ren promises him, pulling Hux's right arm over his shoulder to support the General better. Their pace is significantly slowed now, Hux is gasping for breath and every step they take zaps a bit more strength from him. Finally they step into a giant hollowed out log and Ren eases him onto the damp, moss covered ground. Ren is pulling his helmet off now, his face is white, cheeks flushed from exertion and he holds a hand out to Hux. "Communicator. Now." Hux fumbles in his pants pocket and pulls the small silver device out, not bothering to ask why. Ren fusses with it for a moment and then Phasma's voice comes through. "General Hux, we expected your return an hour ago. Have you encountered trouble? We attempted to raise the shuttle but no one responded." "This is Lord Ren speaking, the General and I encountered some difficulties and negotiations fell through," Ren speaks, as he crouches, one hand moving to pull open Hux's ruined jacket to get a better look at the blaster wound, or at least as good of one as he can in the dark. "Sir, do you need retrieval? Have you been compromised?" Hux thinks he hears a note of panic in Phasma's voice. "Retrieval is impractical at the moment. The Resistance is involved in this, I suspect that-" Ren is interrupted by a blast of static and then Phasma can be heard swearing on the other end. "Sir, the Star Destroyer is under attack! It's the-" Static fills the line again. Now it is Ren who swears. "Listen, jump to hyper space! Get the hell out of there! That old Destroyer can't handle a full on battle!" "But sir, what about-" "General Hux and I will manage until you are able to put together a team to retrieve us! Get out of there now!" "But-" "They're probably monitoring our transmissions by now Captain! You need to get out of there now! Your main priority is escape, do you understand?" Ren is practically screaming at her over the comm. It is silent for a half second and then Phasma's voice comes through "Understood sir, Phasma out." The comm goes dead then and Ren shifts his position so he's kneeling and tucks the comm into his belt. "Let me take a look at this," he pulls Hux's hands off the wound, grimacing at the blood pouring out of it. "Shit," he swears quietly. "Okay I have to bandage this. It's going to hurt." "It can't hurt more then it already does," Hux mumbles to him as Ren pulls his jacket off him and tears his undershirt off him before he starts to rip his undershirt into strips. The Knight works quickly, layering the strips of white cloth and wrapping the longer strips around Hux's abdomen. He takes care not to knot the fabric over the wound itself, which bleeds through the white material almost instantly. "Ren?" "Hmm?" "I feel dizzy," Hux really doesn't want to complain right now, but this seems like something important he should be telling the other. The world is spinning more than it should be. Ren stares at him, eyes fixed on the bandage and the wound that just won't stop bleeding. "That's because you're bleeding to death, General." "Oh." Hux takes a slow breath, "Am I going to die?" Ren looks away and doesn't answer him. Suddenly the Knight stands and leaves, going back out into the jungle and the rain. "Ren?" Hux calls after him, panicking slightly. "Ren!" He tries to get up, but his legs wouldn't obey him and he ends up collapsing on his uninjured side and staring up at the top of the log they're taken shelter in. He's shivering again, his entire body is going cold, his teeth won't stop chattering. In that moment the hyper awareness that he'd experienced in battle comes back to him. He can suddenly see every detail of the world around him. The moss on the rotting wood, the tiny bugs crawling around in the leaves and dirt. How long will it take those maggots and ants to strip the flesh off his bones? How long will it take before his bones themselves fade away and his name becomes just another one lost to the pages of history? He hears the steady 'plink plink plink' of droplets of water leaking through the log somewhere along its great length. Will some forest animal find his body and carry it away to rot in its lair? Has Ren abandoned him? Where is he? "Ren?" he tries to call again, and his mouth is dry. No response, save for the rain and sounds of the forest. Suddenly the jungle is filled with bird calls, the chirp of insects, screeches of primates and the growl of predators. Thunder rumbles, it is distant now and the torrential downpour seems to be letting up. Terror seizes Hux. He is going to die and he is going to die alone. Here on this backwater planet, in some rotting log. His mind goes to the battle they've just endured. The sound of their troopers dying. Death isn't new to Hux, not by a long shot, but nothing at the Academy prepared him for this. For the brutality of death. How sloppy and uncaring it was, the slowness of mortal wounds that came with guerrilla tactics that the Resistance favored like the Rebellion before them. No. Death at the Academy had been swift, a shot to the head. Clean, minimal mess. No wailing, no bodies torn in half and blood everywhere. No one impaled on shrapnel. No one burning alive. The horror of it threatens to overwhelm him and Hux whimpers in the darkness. He should have listened to Ren! Should have trusted the Knight! But no, he'd been too proud to pay attention, too desperate to have this much needed victory. His pride had endangered everyone on board the old Star Destroyer as well. Had Ren not possessed the sense of mind to communicate with Phasma, they all would have died. Hux could only hope that they'd escaped in time. A shadow moved over him and briefly Hux wondered if it was the Reaper itself, come to drag him to whatever hell of an afterlife awaited him. "Easy. This is going to hurt," Ren's voice, hoarse and strained came through the darkness and Hux felt relief flood him. "Ren! I -I thought-" "I know. Be still," Ren's fingers are manipulating his bandage, pulling it away from the skin slightly and pain shoots through Hux as cold fingers make contact with the torn flesh. Hux does his best not to cry out, but in the end he does. Ren doesn't stop what he's doing though, all the while murmuring to him, trying to comfort him, though it does little good. The wound throbs and sends spasms of pain through Hux and he claws at the ground, digging his fingers into the rotting wood and dirt beneath him. Finally, Ren's hands move away and he throws something aside before helping Hux move so he's sitting up, leaning against the wall of the log. Then Ren's hands move to tear at his own clothing, pulling his cowl off his shoulders in almost frantic motions before he takes the black material and adds that as another layer of bandaging around Hux's abdomen. He wraps it twice before knotting it and watches the wound intently to see if it bleeds through. "What the fuck did you do to me?" Hux asks after a moment. "This planet has a plant that grows in tropical climates and close to rivers, its sap has coagulating properties. The plant is easy enough to identify, finding the river was the hard part. I spread that on your wound and stuffed it with clean moss." "Moss?" Hux makes a face. "Yes. It will add another layer of cushioning to the tissue and it is remarkably absorptive. Lucky for you whoever shot you was a poor aim, a few more inches to the right and you'd have a hole going through your guts and you'd probably be dead," Ren's tone is oddly detached, as if he's simply reading a script. Not really processing what is going on around him. "Can we... can we not talk about me dying?" Hux feels his grip on consciousness starting to fade and he's still shivering. Ren moves then and retrieves Hux's ruined jacket from where they'd originally discarded it and covers the General with it before shedding his own overcoat and covering Hux with that as well. "What're you-" "You're going into shock and that coupled with the rain and humidity will send you into hypothermia if we aren't careful. We need to keep you warm, wet clothes are better then no clothes right now. A fire would be ideal but that would give away our position and," Ren gestured to the soaking rain forest outside. "Rather futile at this stage." "What about you?" Hux can't seem to get his teeth to stop chattering again and he's not entirely certain that he won't die tonight. "I will keep watch." "No, not that," Hux shivered. "Aren't you cold?" Ren looks away. Hux can barely see his outline in the darkness, but he's almost certain that the Knight is trembling. "Please," Hux whispers. They're stranded here, in this Maker-foresaken wilderness and Hux has no energy for their usual pretenses. "Stay by my side, Kylo." If he's at risk of dying, he doesn't want to be alone. Something that he's never really considered before now. Death has always glanced over him, fallen to his left or right. But in this moment it is frighteningly close. Ren says nothing but finally settles himself next to Hux against the log and then carefully pulls the other man over into his lap so Hux's shivering form is cradled between his legs and against his back is against Ren's chest. "I'm here. I promise," the Knight whispers to him and Hux feels a tremor unrelated to his wound or soaking wet clothes seize him. "Shh," Ren murmurs to him, a hand brushing Hux's damp hair back from his face. "I've got you. I won't let you go. Just sleep," he presses a single kiss against Hux's temple and for a moment Hux feels a tickle of the Force nudging against his mind. Then it is all darkness. --- Kylo Ren didn't sleep that night. He was afraid that if he did he'd wake up to find Hux cold and not breathing. So instead he counts the General's shallow breaths and tries to ignore the glaring fact that this is all his fault. If he had told Snoke the truth about the Resistance base then they might have avoided all this. If he had been stronger and been able to strike down his uncle, if he had been able to shake the desire to protect those who had abandoned him, then he would have been able to prevent all this. Hux wouldn't have gotten shot. The Star Destroyer wouldn't be under attack. They wouldn't be stranded here on a hostile planet with no supplies. The troops wouldn't have died. The enormity of his actions weighed down on Ren, threatening to suffocate him. Just like being unable to protect his mother, he had been unable to protect Hux, the people dearest to him were the ones who suffered because of his weakness. And there was no way to make it right. He couldn't very well go to Snoke and admit betrayal, the ancient being would do worse than kill him. Ren's distressed thoughts were broken when the sunlight started to filter through the canopy. Daylight. They needed to stay ahead of the Resistance, which was surely hunting them by now. Ren could only hope the rain had given him and Hux the head start they needed. "Hux," he murmured, shaking the other man's shoulder. "We have to go. We can't stay here." The General groaned, cracking his eyes open. He had dearly hoped that the previous night had been a very bad dream. "Fuck, it's real," he moaned as Ren slipped out from behind him and stood, shaking his legs a bit to get feeling back into them. The Knight leaned down, retrieving his overcoat and his helmet and putting both of them back on before helping Hux to his feet. Their clothes were still damp but it barely mattered, they would soon be sweating in the heat of the jungle. "Can you walk on your own?" "Maybe? Fuck it hurts!" Hux pressed a hand against his wounded side as Ren pulled his bloody jacket back on. "Unfortunately you don't have much of a choice, come on," Ren motioned for Hux to follow him and started to walk into the forest. Hux had to scramble to catch up. The plant life was dense, his side was in agony, half the time it felt like he couldn't get enough air into his lungs, the other half the time Hux thought he might pass out. If Ren didn't stop every few feet to wait for him to catch up the General would have gotten lost in the green foliage. "Slow down! Where are we even going?" Hux panted. "As far away from where we landed as possible. We'll need to find a clearing of some sort and hope Phasma can get to us before the Resistance does." Ren's voice has taken on that detached tone again that isn't caused by the helmet, and Hux doesn't like it. "And if the Resistance catches us?" "I imagine they'll shoot us on sight," Ren starts walking again, climbing over a fallen log and then crouching next to it to dig in the dirt underneath it. "Surely not." "Considering they tried to blow us up previously I don't think they're in the mood for taking hostages," Ren pulls out three fat, squirming maggots with black heads and offers them out to Hux. "Eat. You're wounded and will be exerting more calories then normal, you need the protein." Hux stared at the Knight. "You want me to eat that ? Are you mad? It's still alive for starters-" "They didn't teach you much in the way of survival at the Academy did they?" Ren pulls his helmet off and pops one of the maggots into his mouth, making a face as he chews it and swallows it down. Hux looks mortified. "Eat," Ren says again and places one of the maggots in the General's hand. "There are far worse things I could offer you if we had the luxury of time." "How do you even know its edible?" Hux holds the squirming bug up at eye level studying it with an uncertain look. "Two years of my training consisted of Snoke dumping me on planets without supplies and telling me not to die," Ren pulled his helmet back on. "Now hurry up." Hux stares at the maggot for another moment and then quickly pops it into his mouth. He tries to swallow it whole but it crawls back up his throat making him gag and spit it out. Ren sighs in exasperation and hands him the other one. "Chew it and let's be done with this." The second one Hux bites into, and quickly swallows, fighting down the urge to vomit at the foul taste it unleashes in his mouth. Ren nods in approval and motions for him to follow. They keep up a steady pace, the Knight pausing every so often to feel his way through the jungle with the Force or to collect a bug of some sort and make Hux eat it. As the day drags on Hux isn't so certain that the Knight is doing this for his own good so much as it is for his amusement. Despite what Ren tells him about calories and how many they're burning as they trudge through this tropical hell. Hux is sweating, thirsty, his stomach is churning from all the bugs Ren has made him eat and his legs are shaking, threatening to give out from under him if he takes another step. Finally the sound of running water reaches Hux's ears and Ren stops, giving Hux a few minutes to catch his breath. "If we keep following the river, eventually it will lead to the coast or a marsh. Something flat and level," Ren tells him as Hux leans against a tree, panting for breath. "How is your side?" "Hurts like hell, but I don't think it's bleeding." "Good. I think I can-" he goes utterly still for a moment and then turns his head. "Wait here," he tells Hux in a whisper. "Where're you going?" "Just wait," Ren tells him and slips into the foliage. --- Ren pressed himself low to the ground. He'd felt the Force tremor. The tiniest hint of a presence, a gnat in the web of Dark Force energy he had sent out all around them. He wasn't about to take any risks, not with Hux wounded. He listened, adrenaline surging through him as he scanned the area that the tremor had come from, searching for the source of that tiny disturbance. There. A scouting party, complete with tracking droids. They were on foot, perhaps a quarter mile out. There was more then enough time to evade them. Or at least there would have been if Hux wasn't injured. Hiding wasn't an option, if the Resistance was smart the droids would be using infrared scanners and depending on the range, they might have already picked up on Hux and Ren. "Shit." --- Hux had his blaster half pulled out of his holster when Ren came bursting back through the brush. "Shit Ren, I almost shot you!" "Well please contain your enthusiasm. We have to move. Now!" the Knight didn't give Hux time to respond, he was already moving, scrambling up the small incline that separated them from the river. "Wait for me would you," Hux re-holstered his blaster and with a grunt he started up the incline. Ren was already at the top, scanning the area and slid back down on the wet leaves and lose dirt to him. "There's a way down. If we can get over this ridge and down to the river we can stay out of sight," he explained, offering Hux a hand to stabilize him as the General pulled himself up the incline, leaning on the thin trees that grew on it for support. Hux was sweat and panting for breath again when they reached the top of the hill and only had the briefest of seconds to see the view laid out before him. The hill dropped down at an angle into a wide gorge that had river of white water foaming at the bottom. Trees lined either side of the river right up to the water, leaving no room for a beach or sandbar. Ren had already started picking his way down the side of the hill, checking for loose rocks and was looking back at Hux impatiently. "Hurry up, you're an easy target up there!" "Well forgive me for getting shot, it makes doing everything much more difficult mind you. Next time I'll make sure to anticipate being betrayed and ambushed!" Hux snapped as he wobbled his way down the incline, trying not to loose his balance and tumble to his death. Ren jerked back at his words and looked away, waiting for Hux to reach him before going further. "I ... apologize. Had it not been for my carelessness you would not be wounded right now," the Knight murmured, putting a hand out to steady the General. Hux glanced up at him, studying the ominous mask as if it might give him some clue as to how respond to this unexpected sentiment. "Kylo," Hux placed a hand on the taller man's chest. "The blame isn't on you. I could have listened to you earlier, but I didn't. You saved my life, had you not pulled me back from the shuttle-" A strong wind cut through the gorge, whipping around them, threatening to knock them off their feet. Hux swallowed heavily as Ren pulled him closer, keeping him away from the edge. "I endangered you," he hears the Knight whisper, almost inaudible as the wind screams around them and Ren's grip on him tightens slightly. "Kylo?" Hux pulls away slightly, brow furrowing, trying discern what the other man meant. "We need to keep moving," the Knight pulled away, moving forward and down the unstable ledge. Hux skidded after him, clinging to the side of the rocks for support. "What the hell Ren? You don't just say something like that while we're standing on a damn cliff and act like its nothing!" Hux called after him. He was in no mood for riddles, not with his stomach churning from eating bugs, his entire body aching from dehydration and exertion and the wound on his side sapping his strength with every step he took. The Knight says nothing, continuing to make his way down towards the river. Overhead thunder rumbled again and Hux glanced anxiously at the sky. Rain again? "We need to hurry and get to cover before the storm over takes us," Ren called back to him. "If we get another storm this river will flood its banks." He stopped, considering the best way to get further down and finally dropped onto the outcropping of rock a few feet below and turned back to Hux, offering the General his hand. "I can do it myself," Hux grumbled. It was only a small drop, he could manage that. Hux crouched, one hand on the ground at his feet, his other one going out for balance and hopped down. Instantly he regretted that choice and damned his pride. The impact from the small jump sent a wave of pain through him, knocking the breath out of his lungs and causing him to crumble onto the rock where Ren stood waiting for him. The Knight crouched next to him, despite his wheezing protests and checked the bandage of rags around his abdomen to make sure it hadn't started bleeding again. Hux pushed him away and struggled to his feet. "I'm fine!" "Hux-" "I said I'm fine!" Hux snapped, panting for breath and focusing very hard on the rock that they were standing on. He was trying not to let paranoia get the better of him, was trying to not jump to conclusions about the Knight's words. But being wounded and stranded in a jungle with one's enemies at your back did not exactly led itself to clarity of thought. Even so, they could not have this conversation here. "Which way now?" Hux grit out. Ren slowly stood, moving to the edge of the rock to try and figure out the best route down. "This way," he said after a moment, and began to pick his way down a section of jagged mud-slicked rocks. Hux followed in silence, they said nothing more as they continued to work their way down the edge of the gorge. Hux fell twice after that. Once on a slime slick rock, as he tried to scramble down it. That had been more a wound to what stubborn pride he had left then anything. The second time though, the rock he'd been putting all his weight on slid out from underneath him, sending him skidding down the ridge. He would have broken his back on the rocks that waited at the bottom of the ridge by the river had Ren not lunged forward and grabbed him by the arm, halting his descent. The Knight pulled him back up with a grunt and they sat there panting for breath on hands and knees. Before Hux could protest, Ren was checking him, appraising scrapes from the fall, torn clothes and his bandages integrity with hands that trembled. "We have to hurry. They're gaining on us," the Knight mutters and pulls Hux to his feet, quickly selecting an alternate path that leads them back into the trees as the thunder rumbles overhead again. Once they're under the cover of the trees, Ren takes Hux's hand in a crushing grip and leads him through the jungle at a fast walk. Hux is panting, doubled over in pain as they push through vines, branches and leaves. He stops suddenly and Hux falls to his knees, wheezing for breath. "Get up!" Ren hisses at him, grabbing his arm and pulling Hux back to his feet. The General sways and has to lean on Ren for support. "I-I can't-" Hux feels his legs threatening to turn to jello beneath him. "Shh!" Ren puts a hand over his mouth, tilting his helmeted head. "Quickly! They're circling around us!" He moved forward, pulling Hux along after him and the General has no choice but to follow. Hux staggers as he's dragged through the jungle. His side is throbbing and he's agonizingly thirsty. All he wants to do is lie down, he doesn't even care about the paranoid thoughts he'd been entertaining earlier. Then he hears the mechanical squealing of a droid and Ren swears. "Hurry!" Hux slips and falls for a third time that day and Ren pulls him back up again, sliding under the shoulder opposite of his wounded side to better support him. But as he does a blaster bolt narrowly misses them and burns into the tree in front of them. "Run!" The Knight yells and Hux's support is gone as Ren moves to put himself between Hux and their attackers. His lightsaber crackles to life, blocking another bolt that was meant to hit Hux. Hux stares at the Knight, trying to get his pain fogged brain to respond. "Did I stutter? Fucking run you fool!" Ren turns back to him and Force pushes him as a hail of blaster shots are fired at them. Hux staggers and turns, the sound of blasters hitting the lightsaber and cries of pain as Ren deflects them back on their attackers behind him as he tries to run. Tries to get enough air into his lungs to make his legs move faster. It goes entirely against his nature, but to stand and fight would have been suicide. So he flees blindly into the jungle. Gradually the sounds of the battle are muffled by the vegetation behind him and adrenaline floods him. Each step becomes easier and he scrambles over a log to skid down a leaf and ivy covered ravine, grabbing at thin trees to slow his descent. His side hurts still, but that has become secondary, he has one thing to do: run. The jungle suddenly vanishes and he finds himself at the edge of a great boulder above the rapids of the swollen river. There is no way down the rounded rock unless he jumps into the foaming waters below him. Hux wasn't a particularly strong swimmer to begin with and with his wound he doesn't want to chance the rapids, his only option is to backtrack. "Freeze!" A voice commands behind him. "Put your hands up and turn around!" Inwardly Hux swears, slowly raising his hands so they're visible. He wouldn't be able to draw his blaster in time, he'd be dead before it was even out of its holster. "Turn around!" The person behind him orders again and as Hux is about to obey a pained cry comes from behind him and he looks back over his shoulder to see the looming figure of Kylo Ren pulling his lightsaber out of the dying Resistance scout before deactivating it and running to Hux. "I'm fine," the General reassures him, touching his arm as he draws near. "What about you? Are they still after-" There is the sound of blaster fire in the jungle that answers his question. "You were in danger, I couldn't let them take you. We have to jump," Ren tells him, glancing over the edge of the rock. "It's our best chance. You can swim right?" He doesn't give Hux a chance to respond. "Well if you can, forget normal swimming, the rapids will drown you and the trees and rocks will entrap you. Float on your back, feet downstream." Another blast sends bits of rock exploding around them and Hux flinches. "JUMP!" Ren grabs his hand and whether Hux wants to or not they're both going over the edge of the rock as another fury of blaster bolts turn the large boulder into gravel. Hux's body hits the water and his hand is torn from Ren's. The water is icy and he flails about in it, struggling to keep his head above water as the current sweeps him downstream. --- Ren lost sight of Hux the instant they hit the water. The river was swollen from the rain the night before, the rapids frothing and spinning him despite his best efforts to keep himself oriented. Water started to leak into his helmet as he was thrown into a particularly viscous boil and then down into its hydraulic. He held his breath, fighting the reflex to panic, to kick against the bottom of the river and risk trapping his feet in the undercut rocks that lined the river's bed. Just when he thought his lungs would burst the hydraulic circled around, spitting him back up into the surface. Ren gasped for air as the water drained out of his helmet, struggling to stay afloat, scanning the river for any sign of Hux. He reached out with the Force, trying to sense the other man. But his concentration was broken as he was slammed into rocks that threatened to suck him underneath them and trap him there with the river's powerful current. Ren clawed at the water, trying to push himself off the rock, fighting the current that was trying to drown him. He breaks free of the trap, sputtering and kicking as he tries to get himself reoriented on the river, trying to find an eddy he can take refuge in. The roar of rapids gets louder and he sees the sieve ahead of him: a trio of giant rocks block the river, forcing all the water through a tiny space between them. Ren takes several deep breaths, bracing himself as he is dragged underwater and through the tiny space into the darkness of the water. --- Ren drags himself to the shore, coughing under his helmet, body bruised and battered. No bones are broken thankfully, but he knows his lightsaber will be out of commission for several days. The submersion in the rapids has soaked the components and they need to dry out, he lacked the knowledge of how to waterproof the ancient weapon and while rain couldn't disarm him, being dragged through miles of rapids certainly had. He pulled his helmet off and sucks in a deep breath, coughing violently as he takes frantic gulps of the fresh air. Had he removed the helmet earlier he would have ended up with his brains bashed in on some of the rocks. Ren staggers to his feet, sinking slightly in the sandy beach that lines this tamer part of the river and surveys the area. "Hux," he whispers the name like a prayer, begging that his lover is still alive. The Knight starts to walk along the beach, staggering slightly, the river having consumed all his strength and energy. "Hux!" he calls downriver. It's stupid, someone could hear him, but he does anyway. He can't sense the General through the Force and that terrifies him. He's always able to sense Hux, always able to pick out the redhead from the ground no matter where he is. Because Hux is fiery, hot, a burning flame that refuses to go out. He is stability and warmth and safety and Ren's entire life. But now it's like the light that burns inside the General has been extinguished and it fills Ren with irrational panic. "Hux!" he yells again, starting to jog a little, ignoring the aching protests of his muscles. "HUX!" Only silence greets him and he reaches out again with the Force, searching for something, anything that might give the slightest of hints at to where the redhead was. Ren climbs over a fallen tree that is half in the river and freezes. Hux is lying face down in the sand. Clothing torn and blood oozing from fresh wounds. The General isn't moving. "NO!" Ren breaks into a run, dropping his helmet and slides to his knees as he reaches the General, hurriedly flipping him over onto his back. "Hux wake up!" he shakes the man. But Hux's face is gray, and his lips are blue with cold and he offers no response. Ren's fingers frantically search for a pulse and find none. "No! No! No! Hux wake up!" he screams at the man. He puts his mouth over Hux's forcing breath into his lungs so his chest rises. Once. Twice. Then the Knight pulls back and locking his hands together, presses down on the General's chest over his heart. Ten quick compressions. Then breathe for him again. "Come on! Come on! Don't be dead! Please don't be dead!" Ren begs as he forces breath into Hux's lungs again. His motions become more frenzied as the seconds drag on. "Breathe damn you!" he screams, slamming his fist down over the General's heart, he repeats the motion again and again. "Wake up!" He forces breath into Hux's lungs again. "Please, please wake up Hux!" he whispers. In desperation he reaches out through the Force, and focuses all his energy on the man before him, trying to will his heart to start again. "Please," Ren begs and he starts the compressions again, hoping that coupling it with the Force energy will instill life back into the pale redhead before him. "Please give him back to me," he isn't sure who or what he's trying to bargain with, be it the Maker itself or the very Galaxy that spins around him. "Please! I'll give you anything you want!" he whispers, forcing air into Hux's lungs again. "Please just give him back to me." Naturally there is no response, from the Galaxy or the Maker and Ren descends into violence. He's screaming, bringing his fist down on Hux's chest as hard as he can, the Force energy is swirling around him in an unorganized maelstrom as he panics. Then, in the midst of it all he senses a tiny spark of light. It's so small, barely the size of a lightning bug. But Ren calms his frantic energy, terrified he might extinguish this tiny spark in his distress. The spark comes to him and he cradles it in his coldness, uncertain what to do with it at first, but then it comes to him. He focuses on Hux and gently presses that tiny spark of warmth, of life into the General's chest. It nestles quite comfortably there and carefully Ren feeds it. He doesn't give it coldness or ice from the Dark Side, instead he pours into it his love for the redhead, his compassion and admiration. Slowly at first, but then the spark grows and spreads like a trail of starlight, spreading through Hux's body. "Please breathe," Ren whispers as he leans down and covers Hux's mouth with his own, forcing air into the General's lungs again. Hux's chest rises, falls and then the General coughs. Ren quickly pulls away, turning him on his side as Hux spits up water and gasps for breath, pulling air into his lungs. Ren fights down the urge to embrace the man, instead he focuses on that spark, that light that he's placed inside the General and feeds it more. Feeds it his relief, his gratitude and then gently guides it, herding the glowing light to Hux's wound. His hands have moved to rest over the soaked bandage and his brow knits in concentration. With agonizing slowness he feels the Light start to mend the torn flesh. Hux is shivering under his hands, twitching slightly and whining and Ren feels his concentration waver. His hands are shaking and his grasp on the Light is feeble at best. The sparkle flickers and then retreats, pulling away from the wound and fading out. Ren falls back with a gasp, his entire body trembling and for a few minutes the only sounds on the river shore are that of his and Hux's ragged breathing. Slowly Hux pushes himself up into a sitting position and turns to look at Ren. The Knight looks away, afraid of what he'll see in those green eyes, but Hux scrambles across the sand and is embracing him. "Kylo!" Hux whispers and Ren can feel him trembling. "Kylo!" Ren returns the embrace, holding his lover as tightly as he dares until he hears the quiet sobs coming from Hux. Ren moves a hand to stroke his hair. "I've got you. I'll never let you go," he promises the red head, trying to fight down the feeling of guilt that is climbing up his throat. They stay, clinging to each other until Hux's breathing steadies and then Ren stands, scooping up his helmet and Hux in his arms and proceeds to carry the General into the jungle. "I can walk," Hux lamely protests. "No, you need rest," Ren tells him. This has been too close. Too many brushes with death in a single stretch. He doesn't want to put Hux down or let him out of his sight, but finally Ren has to as he finds a spot that he deems suitable enough for a shelter. "I thought we had to keep moving?" the General asks as Ren starts pulling down vines and over sized leaves and lashing them together. The Knight almost laughs. "We were just dragged close to twenty miles downstream. I think we've put enough distance between us and them. With any luck," he grunted as he tore a low hanging branch off a tree and pushed it into the ground. "Phasma will be back to get us out of this Maker forsaken jungle long before they can catch up to us." Hux is silent, shivering a bit as he watches Ren work. His side is hurting, not quite as badly now though, his body ached, the cuts and scrapes that littered his body burned and his chest and lungs felt weak. The last thing he remember was being slammed into the roots of an up-ended tree and then everything had gone black. "Kylo?" "Hmm?" The Knight was fighting with a particularly stubborn palm frond and swore softly as the stiff fiber cut through his gloves and drew blood on the palm of one hand. He wished his lightsaber wasn't waterlogged, it would make this entire process so much easier. "Earlier, on the cliff side, you said you endangered me. What did you mean?" He sees Ren's shoulders slump and with a great deal of effort Hux stands and limps over to the Knight, putting a gentle hand on his arm. In this moment, with their stations stripped away, death narrowly escaped and bodies and minds battered from their flight through the jungle, the two men face each other and Kylo Ren has to be honest with his lover. "I ... " he struggles with the words. "The recon mission from Snoke, it ... I ... I saw ..." He makes a pained noise, closing his eyes as if that will make it all better somehow. "You saw your family, didn't you?" Hux said quietly, watching as Ren jerked away as if he'd been struck. Hux had suspected, had hoped that he was wrong. "My- my uncle," Ren pulled away from Hux's touch, his voice a whisper. "And my father." "Were you compromised?" Hux asks. Ren doesn't answer him and Hux feels his stomach knot. "Ren! Were you compromised?" "I ... I was not able to be affiliated with the Knights or the Order," Ren looks back at Hux helplessly and Hux feels a small measure of relief, until Ren continues. "Hux, my father held me, for the first time since I was little." There is such agony in the Knight's voice and Hux looks away from him. This is Ren's weakness, and his inability to cut his ties with his family will get them killed. "Hux they're my family ," Ren pleads with him. "They're our enemy!" Hux snaps at him. "Shit, Ren! They're going to kill us! They tried to blow us up! They shot me! They shot at you! Did that somehow escape your notice?" Hux yells at him. "Everything you've done since you've been assigned to the First Order has been to destroy the Resistance!" "I know!" Ren shouts back at him. Hux blinks in amazement has his lover screams at him, tears threatening to spill from the Knight's eyes. "You think I don't know that? Do you think I'm stupid? That I'm blind to it?" He can't go home, he has burned too many bridges, killed too many people. No matter how badly he wishes he could. No matter how tempting Luke's promise of forgiveness had been and how desperately he yearned for the embrace of his parents. "You think I don't live with that knowledge every day? That I don't know that one day I'll have their blood on my hands too? That I'll have to destroy everything I ever knew? Everything I ever cared about?" "Ren," Hux whispers, staring at the Knight, feeling cold, despite the heat and humidity of the jungle. The temperature of the air around Ren plummets and becomes icy, the green foliage wilting away and the ground beneath Ren's feet frosting over under the cold, raw Force power that feeds of the Knight's emotions. For the first time, Hux feels afraid of his lover. "Don't you get it?" Ren grits out. "Everything I touch. Everything I love becomes damaged or dies! Sooner or later I destroy everything! I lose everything!" If he can keep himself away from his family, perhaps somehow he can spare them of this. If he can keep Hux away from the Resistance, away from Snoke, he can keep his lover safe. If that means sacrificing the entire Galaxy, then he will do it. If he has to slaughter entire armies to protect the precious little he has left, he will do it. If he can protect them, hide them away, then he cannot lose them. The thought is delirious at best, the ravings of a conflicted heart and damaged mind. But Ren clings to it all the same and he takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself. He can sense Hux's fear, his uncertainty, and worst of all his mistrust of the Knight now and it makes Ren want to hit something in frustration. To scream. Of all the forms of pain that Ren has come to know over the years, this is the worst. The feeling of his lover losing faith in him. Being afraid of him as Hux is now. It tears into Ren in a way that no physical weapon can and he can find no words to say as silence falls between Hux and himself. The General is paler then Ren has ever seen him, his green eyes too wide and filled with fear. His soaking wet and torn uniform clinging to his body and making him look smaller then he is. His hair plastered to his head with leaves, mud and sand in it making him look feral and far removed from the controlled man he actually is. Slowly Ren extends his arm, reaching out to his lover, silently begging him to take his hand. They can fix this. They have to fix this! "Please. Please, Hux," Ren whispers. He begs. Hux stares at him, as if he's afraid Ren will attack him and for several agonizing minutes the General doesn't move. "We're going to die out here, aren't we?" Hux whispers, looking away from Ren. They can only dodge the Reaper so many times and Hux is tired . He doesn't ever remember being this tired in all his life. It isn't the physicality of it, although being shot, running through a jungle and thrown into twenty miles of white water certain has contributed. But rather it is the pain of Ren's betrayal that drains his energy and sucks away at his very will to survive. The overwhelming feeling that this has all been a lie... The fear that when it comes down to it his lover will chose the people who would sooner kill them both than chose the person who is so desperately trying to save him. He hears the Knight make a pained noise and looks back at Ren. The other man is still holding his hand out to him, desperation written on his face. Damn him. Damn them both. Slowly Hux takes a step towards him, the world starting to darken at the edges of his vision. He takes another step, his legs are trembling again and he feels warmth leaking down his side, trickling down his hip and leg. "Kylo," he whispers, his entire body has become surprisingly heavy and his legs can't seem to move anymore. Hux tries to reach out to the Knight, his hand is so close, if the General can only grasp it, somehow that will pull them out of this nightmare... Then, Hux's eyes roll back in his head and he collapses. "Hux!" --- The General's blaster wound had begun bleeding again. Ren carried his unconscious form into the makeshift shelter, laying him down on the layers of palm fronds that served as padding between them and the jungle floor. The wound was hot to the touch and when Ren pulled back the layers of soaked bandages he found sand and mud from the river trapped in the inflamed flesh. It takes Ren five trips to the river, filling his helmet up with water and carrying it back, before he can clean all the debris out of Hux's wound. The wound didn't smell and the flesh had not discolored, which was good, it meant the General had not succumbed to some of the more terrifying flesh rotting diseases that were commonly found in humid forest planets. But it was infected and without proper medical supplies it would be difficult to treat. He spent the last few hours of daylight frantically searching along the edge of the river for the plants that he is familiar with. Plants that he knows will keep the infection from getting worse, that he has used them on himself during his training. But not every planet is the same, and two planets having the exact same flora is highly unlikely. In the end he is only able to find more of thick stalked river plant that will clot blood. He has to be careful with his application of this, too much will kill Hux. He does find more moss and rinses it at the edge of the river, that will at least keep flies and other biting bugs out of the wound. There is nothing left to properly bandage the wound, nothing that can be readily torn and shredded. Ren dilutes the plant's sap with some river water in an over sized leaf and carefully pours it over Hux's wound. The General twitches and moans, but remains unconscious. His face has gone from being too pale to being flushed, a fever is taking hold of him. The infection has already started to spread. Ren packs the wound with damp moss and as the jungle becomes black with darkness he sits next to his lover. He doesn't sleep, afraid that if he does, Hux will die. So instead, Ren counts his breaths, each strained inhalation and wheezing exhale. If there is even the slightest pause between them the Knight feels panic rise in him until the next breath comes. Daylight filters through the canopy and Hux doesn't wake. Ren tries to coax some water into his mouth and the General sputters, coughs and chokes, but doesn't wake. His skin is scorchingly hot and he's stopped sweating. The wound doesn't bleed but the inflammation is getting worse and when Ren changes the moss he sees white pus in the deeper parts of the wound. He rinses it out as best he can and packs clean moss into it. Hux whimpers as he does, his eyes flutter open for a moment and he reaches for Ren, fingertips brushing the Knight's face before he passes out again. A sense of helplessness fills the Knight as he holds Hux's limp hand uselessly. He tries to meditate, to calm himself so he can think of a solution, of something that he hasn't yet tried. Unbidden, the tiny spark of light he saw through the cold ice returns to him. Ren gazes at it in his mind's eye, tilting his head the way a confused animal might. The light floats in front of him and then flits away, before returning to him. Ren focuses his thoughts on the light, feeding his emotions to it, his helplessness, worry and love for Hux. The light glows so brightly then that the force of it physically knocks him backwards. But he sees it! A camp. Temporary, but equipped. One of the tents near the edge of it holds medicine, bandages. Guarded. But minimally. It is far, but, not impossibly so. The vision leaves him sweating and gasping for breath on the floor of the shelter. He knows what he has to do. That small spark, he can sense it still, and the Knight scrambles to his feet. --- Ren surrounds himself with the Force, drawing strength and speed from the cold darkness as he chases that spark of light. It is fleeting and sometimes he fears it has vanished entirely, but it always reappears. Sometimes he has to pause, to focus very carefully to find it, to coax it out again. It is unnerving that this light feeds so readily on his feelings for Hux. Such a foreign idea after fueling himself for so many years on his own pain and fear. The Light never swells as the darkness does when he feeds his emotions to it. No the light stays small as ever, not overwhelming but he feels it grow stronger, brighter and warmer. Before long a feeling of weightlessness fills him, a reassurance that this is right and he follows the light wholeheartedly. It leads him on a winding, but not difficult path back upriver before pulling him sharply westward. He stops only once to hastily gulp down a few handfuls of water from the side of the rapids before continuing. The Knight is moving almost at a full out run, trusting the light to guide him. Trusting that this part of the Force that is entirely foreign to him will not lead him right into blaster fire. Ren doesn't know for how long he runs. He's stopped feeling pain, his muscles don't cramp, his lungs fill with the humid air of the jungle and his footing is certain as he follows the Light. This part of the Force that he's entirely unfamiliar with, that is so utterly foreign to him. It is almost like being back on D'Qar, except this spark of Light is silent, as if it knows how badly words ruin things. For that Ren is grateful. Ren was aware of the camp before he came upon it, the Light was not distracting as D'Qar's Force presence had been. He didn't trip onto the tents like he almost had the tarmac of the outpost. There were rows upon rows of small neat tents, too many to count from where Ren is crouched in the shadows. This was no thrown together mission, it had been planned for some time, there would be no way to have this set up otherwise. Night has fallen and tall flood lights illuminated the camp. Soldiers and droids patrolled between the tents. There is a central tent, larger then the others where the commander of this branch of the Resistance would be. But that wasn't what he had come for. Even though killing the officer leading this mission would be a critical blow to the Resistance, he didn't have time for an assassination and to find what he needed. Where? he whispers to the spark of Light. The tiny Light blinks and darts between the tents, leaving a trail of something like stardust behind it in the Force. Ren tenses, uncertain if he can follow it. It takes him a few moments to still himself, to cloak himself in shadows and become an illusion hidden in plain sight. Even with his illusion in place Ren is cautious. He was still without his lightsaber, still too waterlogged to activate it, not without risking the unstable weapon exploding in his hands. He had to rely on stealth. If he was caught, escape would be difficult, if not impossible and Hux would die. That terrifying thought was enough to propel him forward again, the Dark Side of Force moving around him in a icy swirl that starkly contrasted the flickering Light he was following. But no one saw him and the medical tent was dark and empty he entered it. Ren breathed a sigh of relieve and dropped his illusion. He moved slowly through the tent, carefully picking his way through the unused cots. There must have been a separate tent for wounded soldiers, the Resistance had taken casualties at every encounter they'd had so far. Although Ren was certain that all of those soldiers were beyond medical help. His fingers brushed against the segmented glass windows of a medicine cabinet and he fumbles in the darkness to find the handles to pull it open. But instead he finds a lock. Ren makes a low noise of frustration, tugging at it, feeling panic rise in him. 'Calm down. Clam down,' he tells himself. All he has to do is break the glass. Quietly. He doesn't have time to search or pick the lock. Gritting his teeth he pulls his elbow back and slams it into the glass. The glass shatters, loud in the quiet of the night and Ren winces as he pulls is arm out of the glass. There are a few larger shards that have refused to break, wedged in the corners of the tiny segmented windows and they tear at his sleeves, cutting into his flesh. Ren ignores the pain, punching the larger shards inwards to make more space , feeling the skin on his knuckles tear open. The window is barely big enough for his hand to fit through and he can only pull out a few items at a time. If he makes a fist with the pill bottles inside it his hand will be trapped. Finally he clears one shelf, finding no bandages but an assortment of creams, ointments and various bottles of antibiotics. If he keeps searching there is a chance that he will run out of time and be forced to escape with nothing. The bandages are secondary, Ren decides, getting the infection fought off comes first. He crouches, squinting to try and make out the labels in the darkness. He doesn't dare risk turning on a light and risk drawing attention to himself. He needs a broad spectrum medicine as he doesn't know what has infected Hux and the tropics are home to many unique pathogens. But reading the labels is impossible and he swears softly. Ren fumbles in the dark again and finally finds a small lamp on a desk and turns it on. His right hand and arm are bleeding all over the desk, on papers and files as he dumps the various bottles on the table. But he doesn't worry about that now, he has to find the medicine. Frantically he starts reading the labels, tossing the bottles aside as each one isn't what he needs. "Shit. Shit. Shit! Where is it?" He whispers desperately as he discards the last bottle and runs back to the cabinet, breaking another window and pulling more bottles out to bring them into the light to read them. It takes him five different windows before he finally finds what he needs. Ren breathes a sigh of relief, tucking the tiny bottle into the pocket of his robes. If he can just find an ointment to coat the wound- "Don't. Move." A female voice comes from behind him. Ren freezes, hearing the blaster cock behind him. "Hands up!" --- Leia had felt the tremor in the Force, the encroaching Darkness that was descending on the camp. But as quickly as she had felt it, the Darkness was gone. Perhaps she had been mistaken, she had not trained her Force abilities as Luke had, she had chosen another route. She didn't have the refinement that her brother did, but some things one could not ignore. The camp is quiet. Their targets had jumped off a cliff a day and a half ago into the rapids of the river. The red haired man had been identified as a high ranking officer for the First Order, a General Hux. Of course Snoke would not have sent someone who's skill was lacking on such an important mission. The other man, cloaked in black with a red lightsaber and a fearsome command of the Dark Side of the Force, the leader of the Knights of Ren. If Snoke had gained the support of that ancient and deadly organization then things were looking far more bleak for the Resistance. Leia's fingers rested over her blaster as she moved through the rows of tents. How many weeks had they planned this for? Carefully calculated this attack, the timing the location, down to every word and gesture. But they had not anticipated Kylo Ren's presence. The leader of the Knights of Ren had been a wild card, and a devastating one at that. The bombing of the transport shuttle had failed thanks to the Knight's Force abilities and they had been wholly unprepared for the onslaught that followed. That night they had lost most of their strike team before the Knight and General had fled into the jungle. If it hadn't been for that well placed shot the two men might have been able to do far more damage to their forces. The General had been wounded, but not fatally. It had slowed their flight and shaken them, if the intercepted communication between the Knight and the Star Destroyer in orbit had been any indication. That communication had cost the Resistance the chance to take down the enemy ship. The last sighting of the two men had them jumping off a cliff into the river below in what could only have been a desperate bid to escape their pursuers. It was highly unlikely that either of them had survived the rapids that were downriver. The Resistance had started searching for bodies but so far none had been found and until there were bodies, as improbable as it was, they had to assume that their enemies were alive. She heard glass shatter and paused, reaching out with the Force searching ... Panic. Fear. So much fear. So much pain. The intensity of it was staggering. It leaks through the camp like a sickening gas, thick and low to the ground. Leia unholsters her blaster and follows it. She finds the source of the miasma at the medical tent and hears someone scrambling about inside it. Her presence is unnoticed so far and she slips inside, sliding the safety off her blaster. There is a man with his back to her, hunched over the desk, his hands moving over pill bottles as he searches through them. He's distracted and doesn't seem to notice her approach him. As she draws closer to him, she realizes how huge he his, how he could crush her skull with a single, well placed blow, or with a single thought. This isn't any thief she realizes, his robes give him away and she can see the outline of a lightsaber hilt at his hip. This is Kylo Ren. This is the monster that has killed so many of their troops. The creature that has tortured innocent people for information. Who has been hunting down Force-Sensitive children and killing them in cold blood. Leia feels a hot anger rise in her chest and forces herself to remain calm. She has the element of surprise, she can take him out. He is distracted, his Force energy is in disarray, she can put a stop to the First Order's attack beast. But he may have information, and the First Order is not the only organization that has its less then glamorous interrogation tactics to use on its enemies. "Don't. Move." She grits out, aiming her blaster at his back. He freezes and she feels a jolt of terror ripple through the Force. That was unexpected, the great Kylo Ren, afraid? She doesn't give herself time to study the matter. "Hands up!" Much to her surprise he obeys. She can sense his panic and can't phantom why he hasn't attacked her yet. He could easily overpower her, so why hesitate? Unless he was that badly wounded that he couldn't? But none of her soldiers had been able to get a shot on him. It had been the General who had been wounded, not the Knight. "Turn around," she commands, careful to keep her voice steady, to exude calmness. To keep control of the situation. Again he obeys, moving slowly, keeping his head bowed and letting his black hair fall forward and obscure his face. Leia frowns, this is even more unexpected, but she suspects it is part of a clever ploy, a means to disarm her and kill her. "Raise your head, let me see the face of the monster who's been killing my troops," she spits the words, feeling her anger rise in her again and the man before he seems to shrink at her words. He hesitates here, as if he is afraid of her. "I said raise your head! Or I'll blow it off!" She keeps her tone sharp and leaves no room for argument. Slowly he does and her eyes widen. His do the same and they stare at each other for several long seconds, unable to believe what they are seeing. Ren stares at the woman. She has aged since he last saw her. Gotten so much smaller or is that he's gotten bigger? There are wrinkles where there never were any, but her brown eyes are sharp as ever, Ren has her eyes, just like he has Han Solo's nose. Years of military life have aged her, harden the features that he remembers being softer when he was younger. Her brown hair, braided back into a bun at the crown of her head is streaked with gray now. But he knows her. This is no common soldier, it is Leia Organa. General Leia Organa, leader of the Resistance. His mother. "M-Mom?" Ren whispers, the word sticking in his throat. Leia stares at him, but she doesn't lower her gun. He feels her disbelief, her wariness through the Force. She suspects this is a trap, something exceptionally cruel and well crafted by Snoke's hands. She tries to hold on to her anger, her wariness, but she feels it slipping away and being replaced by hope. Hope that Luke and Han had been right after all. Hope that her son was not lost to them. "Please," he whispers. "Please Mom," his voice breaks. Leia reaches out through the Force and slowly touches the mind of the man before her. She feels how cold he is, how frightened and he recoils from her probing, a whimper leaving him. Leia slowly lowers her gun and reaches out to him, letting her physical body guide her Force energy and envelops the dark robed man before her in warmth. He gasps and then, to her surprise, offers her one single memory from behind the tightly guarded walls of his mind. The memory of the day she and Han left him with his Uncle. Of her hugging him tightly and turning away despite his begging her not to leave. Han crouches in front of him, blocking Leia from his view. Han tells him it's for the best. That he'll be happier here. That his Uncle will take care of him. "I don't want to be here! I want to be with you! Don't leave me! Don't leave me here! Please!" "Ben?" She whispers as the memory fades from between them. "My Ben?" His expression is pained, as if the very name she's using is a torment to him. She feels his shame, his wretchedness rolling off him in waves and among it, the sound of a child crying in the darkness. Her blaster lowers and in the next moment she closes the space between them, pulling him down to her level and into a hug. Ren stiffens against the gesture and almost pulls away, but then he breathes her in, she still wears the same perfume after all these years. He feels that warm glow of Light from her connection to the Force and how tightly she holds him. Then he realizes that she's crying. "Ben! My boy! My baby!" She whispers as she holds him and he feels her love wash over him like a tidal wave. It overwhelms him and drops Ren to his knees, his arms going around her as he sobs against her. "We never should have left you! Oh Ben, I'm so sorry!" She murmurs to him as he trembles in her arms, reduced to the small, frightened child he'd been all those years ago. "I can't," he sobs, because he knows what she'll say next. The same thing his father said, the same thing Luke had said. "I can't. I can't. I can't." He can't come home. He can't go back. He can't accept her love for him. She loves the child she left behind, not the monster he's become. Not the thing he's been twisted into. "Shh," Leia whispers to him, feeling his anxiety build as he cries against her. "It's okay Ben. It's okay, I've got you." "I can't. I can't," he is still whispering like a prayer. His guard is crumbling the longer she holds him and she catches flickers of thoughts, among them a common face: the twisted countenance of Snoke, of such pain, of Ben screaming in the darkness. "Oh Ben," she whispers, pulling back, stroking his tear stained face as he tries to look away from her. "What has he done to you?" Her son had never hurt anyone, had never had a cruel bone in him. If anything Ben Solo had been kind to a fault, highly aware of the emotions of others, of what was going on around him, despite how young he had been. What had been done to him to turn him into this almost unrecognizable being? Her question brings a fresh wave of tears and again that feeling of such shame and he tries to pull away from her touch. Leia allows him to put some space between them and he crouches, holding his head in his hands. "I can't. I can't. I can't," he keeps repeating over and over. 'Compromised,' that horrible word comes to mind and fills him with despair. He is now completely revealed, entirely undone. Leia crouches next to him. "It's okay Ben. We can keep you safe. We can give you asylum," she tries to comfort him and gently touches his arm, seeing that its bleeding. Leia pulls the gray military scarf that she's wearing off her neck and takes his arm, wrapping the scarf around the worst of the gashes. The gesture seems to calm him a bit and he finally looks back at her. "He'll kill you," he whispers and Leia feels the cold terror leaking off her son in waves. "He'll kill all of you. He's too strong, he'll... " Ren stops, a pained noise leaving him. He's seen her die. Seen his father die. In the nightmares that leave him screaming and push him to avoid sleep, to go beyond the requirements of his training. He's seen them die so many times, each time more horrific then the last. "I can't. I can't!" He has to make her understand! "Ben," she takes his bleeding hand in hers, his fingers are rough and cold, dwarfing her petite hands. How had he grown so much? How had she been so foolish as to leave him at a time when, it was clear now, he'd needed her most. He hadn't needed training, he'd needed his family. They had failed him. /She/ had failed him. "Trust me," she begs, pressing gently on him with the Force, surrounding him with that warmth that he's been deprived of for so many years. She can't lose him to the darkness again! He looks at her then, such sorrow in his large eyes. "There's nothing here worth saving," he whispers. "Your son is dead." "Ben, that isn't true!" She touches his face and he shudders. "Come home, Ben. Please, for me?" Ren makes a agonized noise and tries to pull away from her touch. He wants to believe her, that her warm arms will keep him safe, will chase away all the nightmares like they once did when he was so much smaller. He wants so desperately to leave behind the constant terror, the pain that he's had to endure every day for the past seven years under Snoke's cruel hands. Wants to believe that there is something left in him that is worthy of the warmth and love that she is sending him through the Force. He almost believes her. Almost. But going home means abandoning Hux. It means leaving the only person who has made him believe he was worth something. The person whose love for him raised him up. The man who is slowly dying miles away in the jungle. "I cannot," he whispers. "I'm so sorry. I can't abandon ..." He sees his mother's confusion at his words and swallows heavily. "There-there is someone I love," he confesses, and he hears his mother gasp at those words. He can't look at her as he whispers this terrible secret to the floor. "If I leave, they will die. I cannot abandon them." "Ben, you don't have to leave them. We can find a place for them! Whoever they are, we can keep you both safe!" Leia's grip on his wounded hand tightens slightly. But her son is shaking his head. "You can't save monsters like us," he whispers. If he thought Hux would willingly leave behind his father's legacy. If he thought Hux would abandon his pursuit of an New Empire, Ren might have risked it. But Hux believes too strongly in the First Order's mission, too strongly in the idealized notion of a Galaxy unified under one ruler. He cannot ask his lover to abandon the First Order, it is all Hux has known, it is what he has been raised to do his entire life. It would be like asking Ren to exist without his connection to the Force. "Ben, you aren't lost," Leia's voice breaks through his thoughts. "I can sense good in you. Light. You aren't consumed by the darkness, there is still hope!" The moment he had mentioned a lover she had felt it, a tiny spark of light, of love in that cold darkness. Her son who had never been able to find the Light even under Luke's tutelage, had finally found it in the most ironic of places: the belly of the First Order. Leia's heart broke for him, that he'd had to suffer so much before he could find his way. But, she realized as he gave her a sad, broken smile, that he still had miles to go. "Please forgive me," he whispered to her, leaning forward and placing a kiss on her forehead. Then Leia Organa's world became consumed by darkness and her body crumpled to the floor. Ren gathered his mother's unconscious form into his arms and carefully laid her on a cot. She would sleep until morning and he would be long gone by then. ---- The next three days pass in a haze of gray rain. A monsoon of sorts seems to have taken hold of the region. Fortunately Ren has built their shelter far enough back from the river that they aren't swept away in the night as it swells and rises, turning brown with silt and mud. Their shelter leaked, but more leaves remedied that issue. His main concern was Hux. The General's fever went down but never broke. He was never conscious for more then a few minutes at a time, Ren wasn't even sure if the redhead knew where he was. He managed to get Hux to swallow the pills down and drink some water twice each day and had cleaned the wound out again. This time wrapping the terrible wound with the scarf his mother had wrapped his arm with. Right before the rain had started, Ren had managed to catch a small, furry animal. It was difficult to skin it without a knife, but he managed and pushed down hot, raw meat down Hux's throat. When he wasn't caring for Hux, Ren meditated. He studied that spark of Light that had come to him at the river, that had saved Hux. He dismantled his lightsaber, trying to encourage it to dry out more and reassembled it in hopes that it would be more stable. On the fourth day the rain stopped and Hux's comm crackled to life. "Lord Ren? General Hux? Do you copy?" "Phasma," Ren felt a smile spread across his face, he had never been so happy to hear the Captain's voice in his life. "We're here." "We've got a lock on your coordinates, we'll be en route shortly. Are you safe?" "Understood. For the time being our position is unknown to the enemy, but I don't know how long that will last." "I'll make sure to have a offensive team on board." "And Captain?" "Sir?" "Hurry," Ren doesn't elaborate beyond that, he trusts Phasma to understand. To hear what he isn't saying. It is silent for a moment before Phasma speaks again. "Understood, Sir. Phasma out." The comm goes dead again and Ren breathes a sigh of relief. --- "General! We have a lock on their location! We picked up a communication, the Star Destroyer is back in the planet's orbit. They're going to attempt an extraction!" Leia looked at the position on the map where the marker had appeared. Could they make it there in time? "What are your orders General?" Leia closed her eyes, reaching out with the Force, picturing her son in her mind. Ben, she called out. There is still time to reconsider. She feels him gasp, recoiling from her. There is a tremor of emotion from him and then he vanishes from her reach, blocking her. Leia opened her eyes and looked her troops. "Move out. Take them alive." --- Ren hears the whine of the shuttle overhead and slips his helmet back on before gathering Hux's unconscious form him his arms. Hux is lighter now, they've both lost weight from their scant diet of bugs and the few small animals Ren has managed to catch over the past few days. The rain is partially to blame for that, but the Knight has also been reluctant to leave Hux's side. The shuttle touches down in a clearing a little ways off and Ren moves towards it, holding Hux tightly against him. The gangplank lowers and Phasma herself leads a handful of special troopers down to secure the area. She takes one look at Hux and turns back into the shuttle, calling for a medic. Ren hands the General off to the medical team, breathing a small sigh of relief as he is taken inside the shuttle. His relief doesn't last long however. Blaster shots come through the trees and Phasma calls her troops back, ordering suppressive fire. "Get out of here!" He orders her, pulling his lightsaber from its hilt. "I'll hold them off." "Not without you!" "That's an order Captain!" She hold her ground for a second longer. "We'll circle back around for you," she tells him and then runs up the gangplank amidst the blaster fire. Ren watches the shuttle take off as the Resistance troops pour out of the jungle and surround him. "Surrender! Hands up!" Ren presses the button on his lightsaber and for one terrifying second he fears that it will short circuit and explode. Instead it springs to life with a crackle, almost jumping out of his hand from the energy that courses through the re-wired crystal and components inside it. He takes a deep breath and stills himself, pulling the cold of the Dark Side around him, even as the soldier continues to yell at him to surrender. Then he moves. By the time the shuttle has managed to circle back to him the soldiers are dead, slashed and run through by his lightsaber. He is soaked in sweat and blood now, but the Force is strong around him, pushing his exhaustion and pain away. He uses the Force to jump up to the ship's gangplank as it nears, not wanting it to risk landing again. He checks once on Hux, seeing the medical droid and human doctor working to stabilize him. "He's malnourished, and he needs a stronger antibiotic," the field doctor tells him. "That aside, he'll be recovered enough to return to his post in a week." "Ensure that he does," Ren tells the woman and turns away from her, stalking to another part of the shuttle. Phasma corners him, of course. "You're wounded," she points out, gesturing to the gashes on his right arm and hand. "It's nothing." She don't press the matter. "The Supreme Leader contacted us after we made the jump to hyperspace. We informed him of the situation, he is awaiting your contact upon our return, Sir" "Understood. Is there anything further, Captain?" "No sir." "When we return to the ship, be prepared," Ren tells her. 'Stay close by. I have a bad feeling about this.' "I do not know what course of action the Supreme Leader will wish to take." "Yes sir." --- "Master," Ren drops to his knees before the hologram of the Supreme Leader in the meeting chamber. "Is it true then? The Nilashians have turned against us?" Snoke seems remarkably unperturbed by this news. "It is my Master. Given the nature of the attack I suspect they never were our allies in the first place." "I see. You did well to keep the General alive, my Apprentice. Your skills have continued to grow, so I will entrust this next mission to you, Kylo Ren." Snoke has a dangerous smile on his face that chills Ren's blood. "You honor me, Master," it takes all Ren's strength to not tremble, whatever his Master has planned, it will be terrible. "You know how I feel about liars my Apprentice. So I want you to ensure that the Nilash traitors understand what it means to betray the First Order. Wipe them out. All of them." "And if we encounter the Resistance, Master?" "Leave no survivors." "Yes, my Master." --- The attack came without warning. Barely six hours after the Knight and General had escaped an air strike came. Leia cursed under her breath, the second that they had escaped she should have ordered the evacuation. She hadn't counted on them retaliating with their General wounded. Now it was costing them their lives. The aerial bombardment lasted for hours and just as it finished there was the sound of transport shuttles landing. Ground troops to finish them off. "All units retreat! Get off this planet and out of this system!" she gives the order over the short range comm. There is nothing more they can do for Nilash, the planet is lost. The First Order will not take this offense lightly and the Resistance doesn't have the strength here to fight them. She waited for a moment, watching her troops and officers flee and then ran herself. --- Kylo Ren stepped off the transport, his lightsaber crackling. They had landed in the heart of the small Resistance encampment. The Nilashian city was destroyed, bombed to the ground, and the Resistance was scattering under the full wrath of the First Order. Phasma is at the other end of the camp with her troopers, they're executing a pincer attack that will ensure no one survives. Their transports are destroyed and the X-Wings that are trying to take flight are quickly shot down by the patrolling TIE-Fighters. The Knight overlooks all of this and silently makes a few gestures, indicating where his share of the troops are to attack. The obey without question and no one looks twice as he strides into the dust and heat of the battle. He is shielded in the Force, blaster fire going past him or deflected by the Force. A grenade is thrown at him and with a flick of his wrist it is sent back to its thrower. He is searching for one thing and he will not be distracted by it. Ren widens his reach with the Force, sending the cold energy racing out through the burning and destroyed Resistance camp. The Knight turns, striding to the west, cutting down Resistance soldiers that get in his way without hesitation. Then he reaches his goal. Her. Leia Organa to her credit, does not back down. She holds her blaster steady, looking at him without blinking, even as he kills those around her. But she never fires on him, not even when the last soldier falls and he closes the space between them. He only stops when the muzzle of her blaster presses against his chest. He regards her as the sounds of battle rage around them. You have to run, he tells her. I will not be intimidated by the tyranny of the First Order. They will kill you. Are you not reserving that privilege for yourself? Her words sting and cause something inside him to break. He says nothing further as he grabs her by the arm, bodily dragging her off the battlefield. Away from the death, from the chaos. She struggles against him, she would be a fool not to. He continues to drag her along with him into the jungle that surrounds the camp. The screams of people dying and blaster fire are muted as the foliage surrounds them. It is then that he finally releases her. She doesn't flee, but gives him a disapproving look. He deactivates his lightsaber, holstering it on his belt and turns to her, pulling his mask off. For some reason she's surprised, as if she has forgotten that the monster that is Kylo Ren was once her son. "Ben-" "Listen to me," he drops his helmet to the ground and leans down, putting both his hands on her shoulders. "Please Mom you have to listen to me!" She falls silent, a hand going to cup his face and he feels her reaching out to him with the Force. "You have to run! There can't be any survivors here! I-" his voice wobbles. "I don't want to see you die! I can't! I can't kill you! You have to run! Please!" Leia's brows knit, and she sees how tired the man before her is. There are dark circles under his bloodshot eyes, he hasn't slept in days and for all his intimidating height, he's lost weight. He's exhausted, drained and at the very end of his strength. "Please Mom!" He's begging her now, on the very edge of collapse. "Please you have to run!" He's shaking her now, on the verge of hysterics and Leia takes her other hand a places the tips of her fingers over his lips and he falls silent. She understands what he is doing. What he is risking. He cannot leave the Order for his the sake of this secret lover he has and he cannot leave Snoke for the fear the ancient being has implanted in him. But this, this he can do. He can let her slip away. "When you are questioned about the commanding General for this operation, give them the name Dodonna," she knows there will be questioning. There always is. It doesn't matter that Jan Dodonna and had died years ago, it was a name and enough to send Snoke searching in the wrong direction. So she hoped. Her son nods and slowly lets go of her, taking a step back, breaking their physical contact. As much as she wants to, Leia denies herself one last embrace with her son, because if she does they may both fall apart. Leaving him now is even more painful then the first time all those years ago, something she didn't think was possible. He turns from her, retrieving his helmet that he had carelessly tossed aside moment earlier. "Ben." He looks back at her, for maybe the last time. "May the Force be with you." Leia thinks she sees a glimmer of Light in her son's eyes as she turns away and walks into the jungle. --- "No lifting anything heavy for another week," the doctor said to Hux as the General pulled his uniform on. "The wound should not see any further complications, it'll scar, there's nothing we can do about that-" Hux snorted, a scar was the last thing he was worried about. "And there is this," the doctor handed him a clear plastic bag that contained a gray, bloody scarf in it. "Lord Ren used it to bind your wound, we assumed he would be expecting it back." "And my blaster?" "Damaged beyond repair, it was discarded." "I see," Hux took the bag with the scarf in it and left the medical wing without another word. He had read the debriefings, Phasma's reports, and the reports of the six other officers involved in the razing of Nilash. No survivors. Complete annihilation of the Resistance forces that had been involved with the planet and of the city that had played host to the betrayal of the First Order. A new agreement had been drawn up between the First Order and what was left of the Nilashian government. The planet was secured, but that didn't make Hux feel any better. The week and a half of fevered dreams brought on by the infection had done little to ease the anger threatening to boil over inside of him. Hux would deal with Kylo Ren later, he had a ship to run and he had been out of commission for far too long. --- It took him three days of tireless work to get everything caught up. There was a great deal of clean up to do, more than enough to keep him busy. It was clear that Ren hadn't taken any responsibility for the ship and that it had fallen to Mitaka. The lower ranked officer had done the best he could, but in the aftermath of the battle there was too much that had been left undone. Hux leaned back in his chair, rubbing his eyes. His wound was throbbing slightly, he'd turned down the pain medication, not wanting his senses to be dulled when there was so much work to be done still. He cursed the Knight under his breath, the other man had vanished after the battle on Nilash. There had been times Hux had sworn he felt the Force user rooting around in his head while he was in the medical bay, trying to communicate with him. But Hux had also been delirious with fever and medication so he didn't put too much stock in that. The next morning all Hux's hopes of getting anything done at all were dashed. The moment he stepped on the bridge he saw Kylo Ren, standing at the head of the bridge, as officers scurried around him. Hux grit his teeth and strode up to the Knight. "I want your debriefing report, in my office, now, Ren." There was no need to say anything else and as Hux turned on his heel the officers who had paused to eaves drop hastily scrambled to look like they hadn't been doing just that. It takes ten minutes for Ren to finally make his way to Hux's office. The General is sitting at his desk, papers and reports cleared away so only the bag containing the bloody scarf sitting on his desk. The Knight enters the room, not showing any reaction as the door locks behind him and the privacy filter kicks in. Ren comes to a stop a few feet from Hux's desk. He doesn't sit, he never does, the masked man simply stares at the General. Hux stares back before motioning to the bagged garment. "Where did this come from?" It's different then Ren's cowl that he had initially used to bind Hux's side. This material is soft, and has faint traces of perfume, like someone has worn it for years. Ren takes the bag, pulling the scarf out and examining it as if it is a sacred relic. He is silent for a long time before he places the scarf back down on the desk. "It was my mother's," he tells Hux, his voice distorting more than usual behind his mask. "I didn't know you had any artifacts of hers," Hux watches the Knight very carefully now, looking for subtle clues to guess at his state of mind. "I didn't," the Knight's voice is short and clipped, Hux sees his gloved hands clench into fists. "Then what the hell Ren?" Hux rubs his face, feeling his anger start to rise as the Knight speaks in riddles and half truths. "What the fuck is going on?" To his surprise, Ren sits in one of the chairs in front of his desk and pulls his helmet off before speaking. "I saw her, Hux," there is a tremble in his voice as he leans forward to speak to Hux. An intensity that the General has never heard before. "On Nilash. I saw her." "What do you mean? When?" "Your wound was infected, you needed medicine-" Then it dawns on Hux. The horrible truth of it. "So you ran back to the Resistance?" The General hissed, eyes narrowing. "No! No I stole it-" Ren scrambles to explain. "Ren don't lie to me!" Hux slams a hand down onto the desk and Ren jumps. Hux runs a hand through his hair, sighing in frustration, willing himself to be calm. "Please. Please. Lie to Snoke all you like, but don't lie to me." He takes a deep breath before continuing. "Are you consorting with the Resistance?" "What? No! No, Hux I swear!" Ren's eyes are wide now, Hux can see the same fear, the same panic that he saw back on Nilash. "I swear I didn't know this would happen if i had- if I could have prevented it- had I been strong enough -" "What's that supposed to mean?" Hux interrupts the Knight's stuttering. Ren goes silent, looking away, the muscles in his jaw working. "Maker damn it Ren, what is that supposed to mean? What do you know? What did you do?" Hux shouts, watching as the Knight flinches again, but stays silent. Silence is never good, it means the worst possible thing has happened. "You betrayed us," Hux whispers as it dawns on him. "You betrayed the Order. You betrayed Snoke ... And you betrayed me ." Hux's tone softens with hurt and he looks away from the Knight. Ren has really done it, and Hux could kick himself for being so soft, so blindly stupid. No man with that many secrets could ever truly be loyal. Not to anything or anyone. Hux's fingers go to the new blaster on his hip and he stands, unholstering it and sliding the safety off in a single motion. Ren is looking back at him, expression wild and agonized as he circles around his desk to stand before the Knight. "Hux-" "I TRUSTED YOU!" Hux yells, bringing the muzzle of the blaster against his lover's forehead. "And even after all this, you would fucking betray me !" "No," Ren's voice breaks. "No, not you Hux, never you." "Then why the fuck was my wound bandaged with your mother's scarf?" Hux is screaming at Ren now, his heart racing and hands shaking with the force of his rage. "She caught me stealing the medicine!" "She caught you..." Hux stares at him incredulously. "You had the leader of the Resistance, their head General, in your grasp and you let her live?" He screams. "You fucking traitor!" "She's my mother Hux!" Ren screams back at him, standing, his own anger fanning out around him in a cold wave. "I couldn't kill her! I could never... Please Hux, understand! She's my mom!" Ren's voice broke and he looked away."I can't-I couldn't! Just like I couldn't-" A sob came from him. Hux slowly lowered his gun, his voice dangerously soft. "You couldn't what Ren?" The Knight didn't answer, hiding his face in his hands. "You couldn't what Ren?" Hux repeats the question, more firmly this time. "I couldn't kill her! Even when we went back, I killed everyone but her! I lied to Snoke!" Ren howls miserably. "To hell with Snoke, you lied to me ! We could have died on Nilash! Do you not understand that? We could have both died!" Hux felt his rage draining out of him and he leaned back against the desk, the hand holding the blaster dropping to his side. When he speaks, Hux's voice is heavy with disappointment. "I thought I could trust you Ren. I thought that after all this that... " He looks at Ren, there is more. There always is. "What else do I not know?" "She offered me asylum," Ren whispers as his sobs become gasps for breath. "You turned it down?" "Because I knew it would mean leaving you behind. Because you're the only person who has ever made me feel like I'm worth anything," Ren looks back at him. The Knight is trembling, his arms wrapped around his chest in an attempt at self-comfort. "And?" Hux prompts, waiting for the worst of it. "I told her I had a lover. Not you specifically, but she promised that there was a place, could be a place, for us," there is something that Hux thinks might be hope in the Knight's voice. He recalls a half drunken and hungover conversation from months ago and pushes it out of his mind. The talk of frightened children, of weakness, nothing more. Hux snorted softly at the idea of turning himself over to the Resistance. "If she knew who your lover was it is unlikely that she would keep her word. But simply charming that she offered,' Hux's voice became cold again and he sees Ren shrinking from him as the Knight picks up on it. "Hux please! I turned it down!" Ren desperately tries to explain. Hux laughs bitterly, this was the truth of it then? "So if we had not been fucking you would have turned tail and left? You would have left me to die in the jungle to run back to your mother's arms like a frightened child?" "No! No, that's not it!" "Then what is it Ren? Please do enlighten me, because right now it is really looking that way!" "Hux..." the Knight, stands, reaching out, trying to touch him, but Hux raises his blaster again, pressing it against Ren's chest. He is aware that tears are streaming down his cheeks, he can't stop them, can't contain the hurt of this betrayal. "Don't," Hux's voice shakes as he speaks. "Don't fucking touch me! You betrayed me! You would have left me to die, after everything!" "No Hux I swear! I -" Hux doesn't let him finish. "You lied to me! You almost got us killed! Is ..." he gasps for breath, trying to get control of himself. He fails and it is all he can do to contain his physical anger. All he can do to not pull the trigger right now. So Hux yells. "Is this a fucking joke? Is this some sort of sick 'test' you and Snoke devised?" he sees the look of horror cross Ren's face at such a suggestion. "Do you think this is a fucking game? That the rest of us are just pawns for you to use as you wish?" "No," Ren's voice is a terrified whisper. "No no no. I would never. Not to you Hux." "Just to everyone else! Just to those few people who call you friend! To those who trust you," he lets the weight of that accusation sink in. That if the ship had not escaped in time Phasma would have died too. Ren moans and covers his face with his hands, sinking back into the chair. Slowly Hux lowers his gun, letting his own breathing calm. He doesn't yell his next questions. "If it came down to it. If you had to chose. Me or your family Ren. Which one would it be?" The Knight raises his head, expression broken. "Don't ask me that Hux. Please." "I have to know. I-we -we can't keep this up if you're-" "I'm not on their side! I just didn't kill them!" "And in doing so almost killed me!" Hux snaps, but there is no energy left behind his voice. He feels defeated, exhausted. How can the Knight not understand the magnitude of his foolish mercy? "Don't you get it? You can't play both sides! Sooner or later it will come down to one or the other! It always does!" "What if it had been your mother Hux? What then?" The Knight shoots back at him and Hux physically recoils from the question, caught off guard by it and the viciousness that Ren hisses it at him with. "Could you do it? Could you kill her if it meant saving me?" Hux feels the blood drain from his face, and realizes he's shaking and what's worse, he can't answer. "Not so easy now is it?" Ren hisses in the quiet of the office. "Fuck you Ren," Hux snarls, turning away from the Knight, and moving to slump back into his desk chair, as he places his blaster back in its holster. "It hurts doesn't it?" Ren doesn't let up. He presses in on this wound that he knows will hurt the General the most. "It hurts to even think about it? To imagine it. To think of it being your boot that her throat and skull are crushed under instead of your father's!" "SHUT UP!" Hux jumps to his feet with such force his chair tips backwards to the ground. Much to his relief the Knight does just that and the only noise in the office is their ragged breathing. "Get out," Hux finally snarls. Ren doesn't say anything, but he doesn't move either. Hux glares at him, spitting the words. "I said: 'get out'! Get out! Get out! I don't want to see you! I don't to be near you! Get away from me and stay away!" "Hux, please don't do this!" the Knight whispers, his voice is smaller then Hux has ever heard it and that only makes the General more determined. "No Ren. If I can't trust you, this can't continue," he keeps his voice steady. This is over. "Hux!" "This conversation is finished, you are dismissed Lord Ren," Hux's voice takes on a formal tone as he rights his chair, and deactivates the privacy filter and lock before pulling up a report he had been working on the previous day. The Knight lingers, only to take the bloody scarf off Hux's desk and place his helmet back on. Then he is gone. Chapter 8 Notes: Gentle reader, thank you for your patient waiting. I hope you find this chapter I offer you compelling and moving. Before you begin this next step of the journey, please be aware that this chapter contains the follow upsetting themes: semi-graphic torture, parental abuse (both physical and verbal), murder, beatings of various intensities, dramatic unkindness to children/teens, vaguely hinted pain medication abuse, people not knowing how to handle feelings and responding inappropriately. An enormous thank you to my blessed beta reader as they have worked tirelessly to give me feedback and ensure that I haven't completely destroyed the integrity of the characters, as well as to made sure that I remember how to grammar. Another thank you to the amazing ola_bishop for their fantastic appreciation art that they've created <3 If you'd like to keep up with the fic via INSTAGRAM you can follow me @THECRAFTYCODINGFANGIRL I post snippets, teasers, word counts, inspirational music for the fic and relevant quotes. I also repost ola_bishop's appreciate art. (There are also posts of my cats, my face, my java coding and my outfits.) I should note that if you follow me on INSTAGRAM then you may need to check the option to "turn on post notifications" as Insta is changing their algorithm for how posts are displayed. And lastly a very heartfelt thank you to all of you who are continuing to read, leave kudos, bookmark and/or comment on this piece. This is my first time writing in several years after some very painful incidents in my life. To be able to not only tell this story, but share it and get the reaction that I have from the community is both inspiring and humbling. This story is a difficult one to tell and I can only hope that I will do it justice. Thank you all from the bottom of my heart and now please enjoy the continuation of our story. <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux stared at the data pad in front of him. He'd been staring at it for nearly twenty minutes since Ren had left his office, not reading a word of it. It was taking all his self control not to throw the tablet across the room, and Hux thought he was doing fairly well on that front. The only thing that betrayed his true feelings now was how his hands just wouldn't stop shaking. His side was throbbing intensely, an irritating reminder of how lax he had become. How weak and foolish he had been, to let some childish ideal like 'love' blind him to the obvious. How he'd let /compassion/ of all things cloud his judgment. That was something his mother would have done, that was why she was dead now. Compassion would get you killed faster and more painfully than any weapon or poison. His father would be disappointed in how weak he'd become, how easily he'd allowed himself to be manipulated. Pathetic worm. Brendol Hux's voice echoed in his mind, sneering and hateful. Your existence is a privilege not a right, maggot! Get up! Finish the exercise! Or are you a pathetic failure like your mother? A kick to the ribs punctuated the words. Get up boy! Or should I crush you like a worm under my boot heel like I did her? For how long had his father tried to instill ruthlessness in him? To undo the ten year head start his mother had on Hux? Their family was destined to rule, to lead, and Brendol Hux would see his line brought to greatness through his son. Hux took a shuddering breath, dropping the tablet onto the desk and standing. Movement, movement would chase away these unwanted memories that this confrontation had stirred up. If he just moved, he could focus. His wound sent a flare of pain through him so intense that it dropped the General to one knee, gripping the edge of the desk for support and his father's voice echoed loudly in his ears. Get up you piece of shit!" A blow lands on his back and Hux cries out. "I said get up! Or did that whore ruin you? Is that why all you're good at is weeping? Get up! Hux forces himself to stand, taking deep, slow breaths to keep himself calm. He has to be stronger than this. This entire experience over the last year and a half is just a test of his will. This is a test of his character, his dedication. 'It means nothing' , he tells himself. He must remain steadfast, he must remain focused. But Ren had crawled under his skin. The Knight had undone him in a way that Hux hadn't allowed himself to feel in so long. Kylo Ren had brought him to the very edge of his control, the Knight feeding Hux's desire for violence with his own desperate craving for validation. They had been hurtling towards something that would have had disastrous consequences and Hux would have embraced it wholeheartedly. Then Ren betrayed him. "Are you not strong enough? Have I taught you nothing, you little bastard?" Hux grit his teeth against the sound of his father's voice, it was booming now inside his head, amplified by his own agonizing failure. "This is just a memory," Hux whispered to himself. "Ignore it. Fucking get it together!" For all Hux's raving accusations of betrayal towards Ren, he had not been able to pull the trigger. His weakness, his stupid, foolish /love/ for the Knight had prevented him from firing. How disgusted his father would be with him, letting compassion for a traitor overrule his duty to the Order and to the Supreme Leader. But damn him, Hux couldn't see a repeat of four years ago. So he pushed Ren away, because next time Hux might not be able to win that battle between duty and love. He wasn't as strong as Ren was, so instead he had pushed the Knight away as hard as he could because the image of Ren's lifeless body with his brains blown out was too much to bear. "The weak, the compassionate, they do not inherent the Galaxy. Only the strong, the merciless do. Compassion will kill you. Failure will not be tolerated." "Fear often does more harm than good, Sir." Brendol Hux pause in his lecture and stared at the boy. The red haired youth was standing up in the middle of the lecture hall, expression determined. "Fear reminds people of their place. And it seems like you have forgotten yours," Brendol sweeps across the hall and towers over his son. "I am not afraid of you, Sir," the boy glares up at him and Brendol Hux looks thrown off for a split second before erupting into laughter. The other children in the hall glance nervously at each other, it is silent save for the laughter of their lecturer, which ends abruptly as Brendol pulls his blaster and presses the muzzle of it against Hux's forehead. "You should be," Brendol's words echo the lecture hall as his son's eyes widen. "Recite the Academy tenants." "T-To," Hux's voice comes out as a choked squeak. "I can't hear you maggot, speak up," the safety clicks off the blaster. "To restore Order to the Galaxy. To honor the Old Empire's ideals and rise from the Chaos of the Past. To bring Justice to all planets and remove the Corrupt Machine of Greed that is the Senate," Hux swallows heavily. "And?" "To do so by any means necessary, be it Fear, Power or Death. We will eliminate those who stand against us, who speak in whispers of treason and rebellion. Insubordination will not be tolerated and will be dealt with swiftly and justly so that Order may rise to Victory once more." It is quiet for a long moment as Hux's voice stops. His father still has the muzzle of the blaster pressed against his forehead, finger on the trigger. In one swift motion Brendol Hux could end his son's life, in retrospect that may have been the kinder of the paths to take. But Brendol is not known for kindness and he pulls the blaster away from his son's face only to slam the butt of it against the boy's temple, dropping him to the ground, his skull bleeding. Hux is breathing harshly, close to hyperventilating as he tries to will the pain of his wound to subside. He has to focus. Has to do what is needed. He cannot fall apart, he has a military to lead. There is no time for pining, for wallowing in self pity at his own incompetence. "I should have killed you myself the moment you came wailing out of that whore's cunt. I should have known that you were too weak. Too soft. What a disappointment." A blow to Hux's stomach brings the teen to his knees, but he pushes himself back to his feet. Brendol seems unconcerned as he glances over the bruised and bloodied teen before him. "Now. What is your name maggot?" "Hux." "Are you certain? Didn't that whore name you something else? Wasn't there something more?" Brendol watches the boy carefully now, looking for that tell tale sign of weakness. "No Sir. I am Hux and only Hux. I am a soldier, I am destined to rise and rule. I have no need for any other name," there is no expression on the boy's face, his eyes are dark, determined. I have no need for compassion, for it makes me weak. No need for love, for it blinds me. All I require is Order and I am complete." Brendol smiles slightly. Good. We are finally making progress. The crackle of his comm forces Hux back to the present and he swallows, trying to steady his breathing before answering it. "What is it?" "Sir, the Supreme Leader is requesting your presence." --- "I am so pleased to see that you've recovered, General," Snoke's hologram flickers on the large throne before him. Hux stares up at the Supreme Leader and nods curtly, he ignores the pain that is still racing through him. Ignores Kylo Ren standing next to him, cloaked in black robes and his mask. Ignores everything that is around him except for Snoke, as the Supreme Leader continues to speak. "And you have been briefed on what has happened during your time out of commission?" "I am aware of the steps taken to secure Nilash, Supreme Leader." "Then you know that we took heavy casualties," Snoke's gaze narrows and shifts to Ren for a moment before going back to Hux. "I expected better from the First Order, from the officers of the Academy. It is clear to me now that in their fervor to emulate the Old Empire, they have forgotten what was its downfall. I am placing you responsible for fixing this, General." "Of course Supreme Leader," Hux's hands tightened into fists at his sides. No, he in fact had not been given that report. "You have three months, General, to revise our tactics. Do not disappoint me." Hux fights down the panic that threatens to flare to life inside his chest at those words. Three months to revise what his father and predecessors had drilled into their soldiers for decades. Three months to restructure everything. It was an assignment doomed to failure, but what choice did he have but to agree? "I will not fail you Supreme Leader." --- The doors to the meeting chamber slid shut behind him. Ren was at his side, the Knight's presence almost as agonizing as the still healing wound on his side. "Why didn't you give me the casualty reports Ren?" Hux sends the man next to him a scathing look. "Did you even bother to direct your troops on Nilash?" The Knight doesn't answer and Hux sighs, feeling irritation build in him. Of course. Ren had been too busy saving his mother to bother directing the battalion of Stormtroopers assigned to him. Hux would have to get a report from Phasma, he pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration. Three months. How was he supposed to do this is three months? "You didn't tell him." Ren's voice breaks the silence and Hux looks at the masked man, brow furrowed in confusion. "Excuse me?" "You did not disclose my ... failures to the Supreme Leader," Ren sounds breathless behind his mask, as his he can't really believe the words he was saying. Hux stares at him. By the First Order protocol that should have been the very first thing Hux should have done. And yet here they both stand, Ren's discrepancy still known to only the two of them. Hux swallows heavily, trying to make himself stand a bit taller. "You saved my life," Hux acknowledges, his voice quiet as he works to keep himself calm. That has been a struggle since their confrontation this morning. It is too soon to be dealing with this, he can't deal with this now. Time is not at his disposal and being this close to Ren is an agonizing reminder of how badly Hux has failed. "Consider this repayment for that and our business has ended." He turns on his heel with every intention of returning to his office and feels a hand on his arm, a strong grip that prevents him from leaving. " Please , Hux," Ren's voice barely audible under the mask. "Please understand." Hux grits his teeth again, this display is dangerously public and his own control, the one thing Hux prides himself in, is starting to slip. With a grunt he pulls his arm free from Ren's grip and turns back to face the other man. "I do understand," Hux feels his throat trying to close up as he speaks, the words cracking as they leave his lips. It is difficult to admit his failure, that he is the weaker one here. "That's why this is over. Because you're stronger than me, Ren. /You/ can actually save those you love and I... I never could. I failed." When Hux turns, the Knight doesn't reach for him again. --- Ren stared after the General, watching his back until Hux turned a corner and vanished from view. He could have stopped Hux, could have forced the General to give him a more satisfactory answer then he had. Something, anything better than this confusing confession. And Hux's face, it had been so contorted with rage hours earlier and now the only the General's eyes had betrayed him. Not rage, not hatred, but sadness that threatened to drown him. It only made Ren's hurt worse, it only made his own rage inside his chest tighter. Finally Ren moved, turning away and stalking in the opposite direction, if he didn't move he was going to explode. He stopped at the first console that he came to, activated his lightsaber and destroyed the machine. It did little to ease the ache inside him. The feeling of being discarded, of not being good enough, the complete and utter abandonment by the one person he had trusted. Hux could scream to the stars about trust all he wanted, Ren had saved him hadn't he? The Knight could have easily never returned. He could have been free . But that would have been a false freedom. He would have endangered his mother. The entire Resistance. Snoke would have brought the First Order crashing down on them and slaughtered them all. It would have been more blood on Ren's hands. There was no right answer that didn't leave him feeling forsaken. No solution that appeased everyone. No way to save everyone, other then to frantically try to keep them apart. And all that did was prolong the inevitable. Hux didn't have the first clue what he was talking about. He was moving through the Star Destroyer now, lightsaber crackling. Officers and troopers scrambling to get out of his way as the Knight moved down the halls. Ren found a second console and destroyed that one too. It still didn't help. The agony of Hux's accusations and now this ridiculous claim that he understood? The only way Hux had come close to understanding was by way of Ren force feeding him the idea of it being his own mother. The arrogant, self-centered red head had no right to claim he understood! No idea the pain and conflict that was threatening to tear the Knight in half. Perhaps Ren himself was the one being toyed with? Was this Snoke's grand design? It was certainly cruel enough. A third console was destroyed. Then a fourth. A maintenance droid beeped irritably at him and Ren destroyed that too. It still didn't help. They were just machines, not organic, they felt no pain, no grief. Ren wanted nothing more then to wrap his hands around the General's neck and scream obscenities at him. To bury him under the mountain of grief and pain that was threatening to suffocate Ren. "Um... Lord Ren?" A meek voice came from behind him and Ren whirled on the person speaking, halting his saber centimeters from the man's face. A very terrified looking Dopheld Mitaka was staring back at him. "What?" Ren snarled. "Could you not destroy any more consoles sir? Please? You've knocked out power to -" His sentence was cut short as the Knight reached out with the Force and pulled the frightened officer into one outstretched gloved hand. His fingers closed around Mitaka's windpipe, choking him. The officer gasped for breath and his eyes were starting to roll back in his head when Ren released him, tossing him aside with an unimpressed 'hmph' before deactivating his lightsaber and turning to stride down the corridor. --- Phasma found him some hours later in the gym, destroying kicking bag after kicking bag. "We don't have an infinite supply of those you know," she said as she approached him. He whirled on her, expression of rage and her brows knitted. "Kylo?" "Leave me alone," he turned back to the bag he was currently threatening to send flying off its chain. "You broke your own personal record for things destroyed in twelve hours," the Stormtrooper Captain pressed. "You also bruised Mitaka's larynx." "He got in my way!" Ren landed a blow on the bag that sent it flying for distance and turned back to Phasma. "What do you want?" She crossed her arms, debating how to approach him. This wasn't one of his typical frustrated rampages, those fizzled out usually after an hour or two. This was different, this hurt went deep. For all Ren's destructive capabilities this was the first time he'd hurt another officer. "Do you want to talk about it?" she offered. "Oh fuck you," he snarled. "Go away." "No," she crossed her arms and met his glare. "What happened?" "None of your Maker damned business!" "I'm making it my business!" "Why?" he closed the space between her, his anger making him seem larger than he was. "Why the fuck wou-" "Because you're my friend, you fucking idiot. And I don't want it getting back to Snoke that you are responsible for the massive repair bill and almost killing one of his officers," Phasma snapped, watching him recoil slightly. "I'm on your side Kylo." "I didn't ask you to be!" "But you need someone to be," she watched as his shoulders slumped and he turned away from her as they started to shake. "Come on," she approached him again, touching his shoulder now, lightly. "Spar with me. It'll be cheaper than the repairs to the consoles." He followed her to the mats, saying nothing as they wrapped their hands and wrists. When he turned to face her, his expression was wary and he took a slow breath in. "Let's see what you've got," Phasma bounced on the balls of her feet a few times, shaking her limbs to loosen them up. Ren goes entirely still and then leaps to attack her. His movements are faster than usual, propelled by the Force and the anger and hurt that it feeds off of. Phasma meets his chaotic charge head on, giving as good as she gets, blocking strikes that will leave her bruised in the morning, and trying to use her reach to kick his feet out from under him and pin him with her legs. She lands three quick punches to the side of his head as he lunges at her, so angry and wound up that he leaves himself open as he attacks. Ren staggers from the impact and she backs off for a moment, giving him a chance to reorient himself. He wobbles, giving his head a shake, muttering something to himself that she can't hear. "Kylo?" she lowers her guard, concerned. He lunges at her with an inhuman snarl, expression wild. She never even has a chance to attack him, and is struggling to defend against his onslaught. His fist connects with her stomach, his elbow with her face and Phasma stumbles. He reaches out with the Force and pushes her back as hard as he can and she goes skidding backwards across the gym. Still using the Force he concentrates on pinning her as he stalks over to her. Ren's entire world has gone a snow-blind white. His target is indistinct, but all that matters is destroying it. Hurting it. It feels good to hit something living! To hurt someone, to feel flesh and bone strain under his hands. To make someone hurt as much as he is hurting. He's about half way there when she regains her senses enough to block him. Her shield kicks up, breaking his hold on her and she slams it into him, making him stagger and his head spin. She charges and lands punch after punch on his face and a kick to his chest. He tries to reach out with the Force again and finds his connection to it blocked by a dense, impenetrable fog. The only way to get through it is to break her. He kicks at her and she nimbly dodges, bobbing and weaving out of his way as he attacks, trying to wear him down. It doesn't work tonight, he is too filled with rage and Ren catches her leg as she aims a kick at his head and he twists it, forcing her body to twist and bringing her down to the ground. Phasma punches at him, shifting her hips, trying to get the right angle so she can break free or flip their position. She comes close a few times as Ren tries to pin her. Then Phasma twists and she's free again, scrambling to her feet and he is forced to follow in order to avoid a kick to the face. Ren adjusts his strategy, moving in close to her to avoid her kicks and he begins to land blow after blow on her. He rushes her, forcing her into a frantic retreat as she tries to block him, because by the Maker he wants to hurt someone. To break someone. Anyone. To feel like he isn't powerless for once in his life, to hold that balance of life and death as he crushes another being beneath his fingers. Phasma slips up, and he is past her defenses. His fists connect with her face and head over and over again. Some how the blonde is still standing as blood pours from her face and brow. Ren brings a knee up and into her gut and hears her gasp as the air leaves her lungs. Then she's crumpling to the mat. He kneels over her, straddling her bruised form and his hands close around her neck and start to squeeze. The Force is swirling around him, her block on it had been broken as she fell and the temperature around them plummets until they can both see their breath come in white clouds from their lips. Phasma is struggling against him, her blue eyes wide in panic. She slaps frantically at the mat, conceding the match, but he doesn't care. He has her pinned. He can hurt her. He can do as he wishes to her. "Kylo!" she rasps as he chokes her. One of her eyes has swollen shut and bruises are blooming all over her arms, her legs and stomach will be much the same later. "Let me go! Please!" Her words don't seem to reach him, his expression is contorted into rage and pain, as if he's not really aware of who he's choking to death. He feels her throat starting to collapse under the heavy grip of his hands. The Force has heightened his senses, he can hear her frantic heart beat, hear her lungs struggling for air. She reaches up, grasping at his hair, trying to claw at his face, something, anything to break his concentration, to get her a moment of air. "Kylo!" her eyes are watering now and it would not be long until she passed out. "Please!" a whimper leaves her. Ren blinks, the flood of rage evaporating as quickly as it had come. He stares down at who is below him and recoils from the sight. The Knight scrambles backwards, releasing his grip on the Captain's throat and Phasma gasps for breath, a cry coming from her as air floods her lungs. He watches her with a look of horror as she frantically sucks air down into her lungs, his hands trembling as he realizes how bloodied they are and how damaged the blonde is. "Fuck!" he moans from where he is crouched as the magnitude of what he's done to her hits him. "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!" he's whispering, he makes to reach for her, his hands hovering over her battered form. "It's," Phasma gasps for breath, slowly pushing herself to sit up. She's trembling and there isn't a spot on her head that isn't marred with blood. "It's okay. It's okay Kylo." "No! I could've, I almost-" his voice breaks and he hangs his head, hating himself. How could he have done this to her? He could have killed her! A sob shakes his form. "I'm so sorry!" Phasma pushes herself up a bit better, her breathing is easier now. With a wince she reaches out to him and rests a hand on his shoulder. "It's okay. I'm the one who suggested it, it's my own fault." She winced as she lightly touched her right eye, it was badly swollen and needed ice. She probably looked a wreck and she really hoped she didn't need stitches. Blood was still pouring from her forehead when she went to push her hair back from her face, so stitches there would have to be. "Phasma I am so-" "Stop apologizing and help me stand," she tells him and he does, his hands shaking as she leans on him for support. While she doesn't think he's broken anything, she isn't quite sure she can make it back on her own. She spat blood from her mouth and onto the mat, and tried to take a few steps, but the world spun far more than it should have. "Ah you gave me a concussion," she mumbled, slumping back against him. "Shit! I-" "You can make it up to me by helping me to my room." "You don't want the medical bay?" Ren looked uncertain and guilt stricken. "Use your head Kylo, this needs to stay off record. It's bad enough Mitaka went already. No one else needs to know." "I could have killed you Phasma," Ren moans as he helps her walk. "But you didn't. And that little brother, she tells him. Is what makes all the difference." --- He ended up having to carry her half way after her legs gave out and thankfully no one saw them. The last thing he wanted was fodder for rumors to fly about. "Next time I'll be ready for you," she muttered to him as he set her down on the counter of her bathroom and she pointed him to her first aid kit. "We're not doing this again. Ever," Ren whispered as he straightened, his face is ghost white, it makes the few strikes she got on him stand out. "Never, now hold still." "You say that, but I would feel more comfortable having you beat me within an inch of my life than destroying consoles and almost killing officers," Phasma winced as the Knight wet a cloth in the sink and gently began to clean the blood off her face. "At least then you're in one place and someone can take some sort of responsibility." "What's that supposed to mean?" he scowled as he rinse the cloth and tilted her head so he could get blood off her neck. Finally satisfied that she was as clean as she could get without a shower, he reached for an antiseptic, a curved needle and some black thread. "It means that you are unstable Ren. You're fucked in the head, just like most of the actual First Order recruits are. No one fucking joins the First Order for fun. Why do you think we don't use recruits anymore and raise our own troops? Most of us have some mental tick that makes us unfit to be civilians," she made a noise of pain as he dabbed the ointment on her various wounds. "You seem normal enough," Ren threaded the needle. "Be still, this cut is deep," he told her as he started to stitch her brow shut. She winced and swore softly. "Ha! My brothers and I joined so we wouldn't starve to death and I wouldn't have to become a whore at thirteen. If the First Order hadn't taken us in, I would have been sold off to the highest bidder. Those are hardly ideal circumstances." "You did what you needed to do to survive, that doesn't make you fucked in the head. It's more normal than some, stop wiggling!" He frowned at her as he worked the needle carefully through her flesh, pulling the skin back together. "Ha!" her laughter was mixed with pain. "Oh Kylo, just because we're functional to a degree doesn't change our psychotic tendencies," she give him a wry grin through her pain. Normal people don't enjoy killing others. They don't look forward to it. "You're still more functional than half the officers here." Phasma laughed again, "That's because I didn't get sent to the Academy. I went straight to arms training." "Everyone talks about this place, what makes it so great?" Ren knotted the thread and snipped it with a tiny pair of scissors from the first aid kit. "Great isn't the word I'd use to describe it." "It sounds like a boarding school for those loyal to the Old Empire," Ren muttered as he started to carefully put ointment on her other wounds and apply bandages. "More or less, it's run by Commandant Brendol Hux," she watched his eyebrows rise in surprise. "Yep, Hux's dad. I got to meet the man once, my platoon visited the place while we were training. And that one visit is all I need to last me the rest of my life." "I see." "Shit, I'm surprised Mikata made it out alive, that boy is two steps away from a panic attack at all times." "Hmmm," Ren was biting his lip, trying not to think about his confrontation with Hux or that he'd almost killed Mikata. But it nagged at the corners of his mind. "I wasn't aware that Hux's father was still alive." "I think he does it to spite Hux." "Why do you say that?" "Commandant Brendol wasn't one to discriminate when it came to enforcing discipline. I'm sure that when he finally dies Hux is going to declare a Galaxy-wide holiday," Phasma chuckled. "But why ask me? Just ask Hux yourself?" Ren pulled away from her and started to pack up what was left of the first aid kit. Phasma waited but when he didn't respond it became clear. "A fight?" she asked cautiously. "We're through, okay?!" Ren snapped, shutting the lid to the first aid kit with more force then he meant to and breaking the hinges. "Fuck," he swore. "Oh," the Captain blinked her one good eye in surprise. Her tone softened. "I'm so sorry Kylo." "It's fine. It doesn't matter. He's just a distraction. Just a weakness. I don't need him. I don't need anyone!" the Knight's hands were trembling as he clenched the first aid kit, as if somehow that would ground him. Phasma reached out to him, leaning haphazardly across the sink to pull on his sleeve. He responded to her touch and let himself be pulled over to her. She embraced him, stroking his hair back from his face, not saying a word. Quietly he began to sob, hiding his face against the top of her shoulder. "Shh, it's okay. Let it out, it's okay little brother," she murmured to him, rubbing his back as his shoulders shook from the force of his sobs. "There you go, let it all out." He cries for a long time, sobbing dryly long after the tears stop coming. Phasma lets him and doesn't interrupt his grief. When he finally falls silent and his breathing steadies a bit, she gives his arm a gentle squeeze. "Hey, I need to change clothes, these are all sweaty and bloody. Go in my dresser, the second drawer from the top, center row and get me a shirt and some sleep pants okay?" Ren nods and steps away from her and she can hear him rummaging in her dresser. With a grunt Phasma peels off her black gym shirt and then with a hiss of pain her sports bra. She'll need Ren's help with her pants as she still doesn't trust her legs enough to keep her balance. The Knight returns with her clothing and his eyes go wide, not at her nakedness, although that is noted with mild surprise, but his focus is on the bruises that litter her body. Much of her skin was covered in black and blue bruises from where she had blocked and received his attacks, a testament to just how hard he had been hitting, how much he'd lost himself in the fight. His throat worked tensely, and guilt weighed heavily on him. "I could have killed you," he whispered, as she took her night shirt from him and pulled it over her head, careful not to disturb the stitches, bandages or swelling. His fingers brushed lightly over her stomach, where his knee had brought her to the ground. The bruise was huge, and sickening to look at as she pulled her shirt down the rest of the way. "You didn't do any permanent damage, I don't even think anything is broken, just swollen-" Phasma tried to tell him. She looked up at him and saw him shaking. "Kylo?" She slid off the counter and limped over to him. He turned to look back at her, expression pained with guilt. "I could have killed you," he repeated in a whisper, resting his hands on her shoulders. "I ... I couldn't live with myself if I had." "It's okay, I know you didn't mean it," she patted one of his hands gently and he covered his hands in his face. "I can't lose you too. Not after Hux-" "Hey, hey, none of that talk now!" she pulled his hands away from his face and took it firmly but gently in her own hands. "I'm not going anywhere and the next time you have a rage fit you come to me. I won't lose again, that would put you ahead of me by three fights!" Ren stares at her incredulously. "You're still keeping track of that?" "Of course I am! We're sixty-two to sixty, counting this fight. Next time I won't lose," she offer him a grin that is painful to make, but worth it for the man she would call her brother. "You're insane." "Told you I had qualities that make me unfit for civilian life, now help me balance. I don't think I can change my sweatpants without tipping over." He rests his hands on her shoulders, carefully keeping her stable as she sheds the black sweats in favor of baggy gray shorts. Her legs too are littered in bruises and Ren looks away from the sight of them. He helps her to her bed and once she's comfortable and has a clove cigarette lit, he stands there, awkwardly. "You can sit you know. I have the comfy chair for a reason," Phasma tells him as she exhales a cloud of spicy smelling smoke. "It's not that." "Then what is it? And no I'm not giving you one of these," she mutters as she taps the ash into a tray at her bedside table. "They're hard to come by." "Can I stay here? Just ... just for a little while?" She tilts her head, curiously, silently asking him to elaborate. "I know I have my own quarters but I ... I just need somewhere to sleep. Somewhere ... safe ," the last word is a whisper. He knows that she won't understand it entirely, but she'll understand enough. Just enough and she won't ask him to tell her anymore. "Of course," Phasma's brow knits and she snubs out the half finished smoke and pats the other side of her double bed. The look of relief on Kylo's face is enough to make her heart break and he moves then, all but collapsing on the mattress next to her. "Kylo do you need a blank-" she starts to ask him, reaching for another blanket for the Knight. But a quick glance back shows her that the Knight is already asleep. He's curled in on his side, folding in a way that such a large man shouldn't be capable of doing, one arm wrapped across his chest, the other covering his head. Quietly, Phasma unfolds the blanket and lays it over him. "Sleep well little brother." --- "Simulation, start!" Hux's voice echoed through the dark and empty room. It takes the old system a few seconds to respond to his voice command, but gradually a small glow started appears on parts of the floor, illuminating the fabricated terrain of the room. The old Star Destroyer was equipped with six simulation rooms. The rooms could shift and alter to create the illusion of different terrains, different times of day, different seasons and different enemies. The enemies were just holograms but their blaster bolts could still stun and incapacitate if you were careless. The battle formation data within the simulation's computers was old and outdated however, almost embarrassingly so. The Old Empire had relied too much on structure, too much on organization and the First Order was dangerously close to following that same misguided path. They needed to evolve their tactics if they wish to face the Resistance. It didn't help matters that Ren had lost the entire battalion assigned to him on Nilash. That should have never happened. If Hux hadn't gotten himself shot then the Knight wouldn't have been put in the position to cost them so many lives. Hux could have directed the troops and that would have allowed Ren to attend his personal interests. Hell if Hux hadn't gotten shot then he would have never needed to confront Ren about- A blaster fires at Hux and he moves to avoid it, ducking out of the way and sliding to cover. If he hadn't been so lax, so careless then none of this would have happened! The redhead peeked out from his cover and fired off a shot, taking out the attacker. Hux is angry. Angry at himself for letting this happen. For letting it fall apart the way it has. He moves again, darting between cover as he his shot at. A quick glance over the box he's hiding behind and he squeezes off two more shots. Hux takes the momentary lull in blaster fire to jump on top of the box and climb up to the next one. He scrambles a bit as the simulated enemies start to fire on him again and his side sends a twang of pain through him, but he ignores it. The pain is greatly reduced now, he'd caved in and gone to the medical bay, getting a bottle of the strongest pain pills they had. The doctor had warned him that the small white pills might effect his mental clarity, his sleep and a whole plethora of his other cognitive faculties. Hux had only vaguely nodded as he swallowed four of the pills, desperate to be free of at least one of the sources of agony tearing through him. As soon as the pain had dulled he'd walked down to the armory and retrieved a sniper rifle, another pistol blaster, and a short stocked blaster carbine. He'd then slung the heavy bag of weapons over his shoulder and walked to the simulation room. It had taken him a minute to remember how to configure the settings on the old system, but eventually he had gotten it working. He'd chosen a small battalion of five hundred. Enough that he should be exhausted by the end of it, enough that hopefully his head will be clear and he'll be able to focus on his work. He'll be able to fix where the First Order and the Academy have gone so dramatically wrong. Hux looks down the barrel of his blaster and fires again. Everything is so much simpler when he's shooting. There is something oddly cathartic about firing his blasters. About holding his breath and taking aim. The entire world falls away to just that one moment before the trigger is squeezed. Hux needs this release, needs to pour his self-loathing into this ridiculous battle simulation. He fires two more shots. Then three more and abandons his standard blaster atop the boxes in favor of dropping off them and rolling before scrambling to his feet. There are enough enemies now that he has to put some effort into avoiding them, sprinting to where he's stashed his carbine. He scrambles for the cover, grunting as a blaster bolt clips his heel. Not enough to stun him but he certainly feels it. Hux grabs the carbine, sliding the longer barrel back and standing as it the cartridge falls into place and the gun powers on. Hux presses the stock of the gun against his shoulder and squeezes the trigger. He staggers backwards from the recoil of the weapon. It's been years since he touched one, he had always been better at pistol models and long range rifles, but there was something very satisfying about the raw power of the carbine. He fired again, turning as he did and ducking before another volley of blaster fire could hit him. Hux falls into a rhythm. Run, fire, fire, run. High ground. Jump. Roll. Cover. He holds onto the carbine until it feels heavy in his arms, and he is certain that his shoulder is bruised from the recoil. His work out clothes are soaked in sweat and his entire focus is on taking the next breath. Anger and fear have been replaced by pure instinct, and time has ceased to exist in this place. He climbs, pulling himself up to the highest point of the terrain and grabs the sniper rifle. He goes down on one knee, deciding against using the front bi-pod feet of the weapon to stabilize his shots. Hux pulls the bolt back and finds his target. One shot on the lead enemy and the simulation ends, the trick was lasting long enough to get to that point. Slowly Hux lets his breath out, he ignores his racing heart, and trembling limbs. He takes a breath in, hold it. Then fires. The bolt hits its target dead center and the remaining enemies vanish. Slowly Hux lowers the gun and falls backwards to the ground, gasping for breath. It's then that he realizes that tears are streaming down his face and he hurriedly tries to wipe them away. But they just keep coming and he slumps against the boxes that previously been the rocks of a mountain during the simulation. The calm focus that he'd experienced left him, being replaced by tears that won't stop, trembling and hyperventilating with such force that causes him to hiccup. You are good for nothing! Weak! Pathetic! "Stop," Hux whispers, pressing his hands over his ears, as if that will drown out the memory inside his head. By the Maker she ruined you! You're too soft! Are you going to cry every time we have to execute traitors? Brendol Hux backhanded the youth, sending him to the ground. There was no proof! It was just word of mouth! That isn't fair! You can't do that to people! he screamed back at his father, spitting blood from his mouth. Before he had learned not to argue. Not to fight back. To keep his head down and his mouth shut. Life isn't fair maggot! A heavy boot came down on his hand and the youth screamed in pain. They were traitors! You cannot let them live! A single traitor will destroy everything we've worked so hard to build! And you would feel pity for them. You disgust me. "Stop! Stop!" Hux squeezed his eyes shut, pressing himself back against the boxes, but it did no good. He could not escape what was in his own mind. The duty falls to you now maggot. We have traitors. They have confessed. It is time for you to do your job. The blaster feels heavy in his hand. Hux has been at the Academy just under a year, he is good with the weapon, earning top marks in target shooting. But paper targets are a far cry from living humans. He stares at the three people in front of him. Two children his age and an older boy, one who looks like he is already dead. He knows the younger two. They're his classmates. They pass notes between themselves sometimes and sit together at lunch. They're his friends. The older boy is a stranger. Hux feels his father's hand, heavy on his shoulder, pinching at the muscle and nerves that connect his neck and arm, sending pain through him. "Do it." "I can't! I won't!" "Are you betraying me?" Brendol stares down at his son and the boy shrinks. "Are you throwing you lot in with these traitors? After all I've done for you? You would betray your only family? Your father?" A sob comes from Hux and Brendol punches him, sending him to the ground as the older man draws his blaster. He fires off a single shot, it hits the older teen and he drops, dead before he hits the ground with a hole in the center of his forehead. Brendol presses the muzzle of his blaster against the back of Hux's head, voice a soft growl. "You will complete the assignment, maggot! You will forget this softness, this weakness and you will do what needs to be done!" Sobbing, Hux pushes himself to his feet, taking the blaster in hand and aims it as his classmates. "I'm sorry," he whispers as the weapon shakes in his hands. "I'm so sorry." The gun fires once. Then twice. The only sound that can be heard after that is Hux wailing. "Stop! Please stop!" Hux whispers, his finger nails digging into his scalp as he clutches his head. "I didn't want to! He didn't give me a choice!" He pleads with the ghosts in his mind. The memories offer no consolation, and after a time they fade, leaving the General soaking in sweat and his side wound in agonizing pain. His hands tremble as he pulls the bottle of pills from his pocket and swallows four more. He lies there, waiting for them to kick in, soaked in sweat and his limbs feel like they've lost all the bones in them. After a time, Hux slowly climbs down from the sniper's nest, collecting his weapons in the bag he'd brought them in and limping out of the room. When he gets back to his own quarters his comm and tablet are both flashing frantically and he looks at the time. 3:00 AM. He deposits the bag of guns on the floor, he'll field strip them tomorrow and glances through his waiting messages. Mikata had been to the medical bay for a bruised larynx and there had been five consoles and one maintenance droid destroyed. Hux didn't even have the energy to be annoyed. "Fuck," he rubbed his face with his hand and stripped his clothes off into a pile on the floor before stepping into the bathroom to shower. No matter how hot he turns the water, it doesn't ever feel warm enough as Hux scrubs at his skin. The silence of his quarters pressing in on him, heavy and oppressive. It makes his skin crawl and Hux chides himself for his paranoia. He should change the access code to his quarters, but he doesn't, because he's half expecting to step out of the bathroom and find Ren and his notes sprawled chaotically on his bed. Of course, the Knight isn't and Hux stares at his empty quarters, taking it all in. He is alone, save for the ghosts of his past. Hux is too tired to fight against their unwelcome resurgence, usually he can keep the memories at bay. Usually he has better control of himself. He has to pull himself together, to get his control back, there is no time for this weakness. No time for entertaining specters. It will be the death of him if he doesn't pull himself together. Hux takes two more pain pills and collapses on his bed. --- "To restore Order to the Galaxy. To honor the Old Empire's ideals and rise from the Chaos of the Past. To bring Justice to all planets and remove the Corrupt Machine of Greed that is the Senate. To do so by any means necessary, be it Fear, Power or Death," Hux murmurs the words over and over as he buttons his uniform jacket. It is his last day, his final test, he is eighteen and he is terrified. "We will eliminate those who stand against us, who speak in whispers of treason and rebellion." "Stop worrying, Hux," Leon murmurs to him, coming up behind him, hands sliding around his waist, tangling their fingers together, halting Hux's dressing process. "You'll do fine, my love." "Hmm, easy for you to say. You passed yours already," Hux murmured, turning to face the dark haired teen. "It isn't /your/ father administering the test." "It'll be over before you know it. And then /we/," the taller teen grinned. "Will be on our way to Dantooine," he purrs in Hux's ear, biting the tip of it, making the red head shudder. "Of all the planets in the Galaxy, you went and chose that one," Hux lets himself lean into Leon's embrace. "Because no one will look there. Not even your father," Leon whispers to him confidently before pressing his lips against the crook in Hux's neck, sighing heavily as he breathes in the scent of the red head. Hux's hand tightens its grip on Leon's. "Don't be afraid," Leon whispers to him. "We'll be free soon. We'll escape." The plan is perfect. They've thought of every possible scenario, mapped out every outcome. They cannot be held at the Academy after their final tests, technically they're supposed to report to the First Order recruiting station to get their assignment. There is a gap of a few hours, for them to pack their things before they report, that is when they'll make their flight. When they will give up their bid for ruling the Galaxy. The compulsion to fulfill the obligation of their legacy had died out long ago. Idle pillow talk of ruling side by side, of crushing the New Republic had given way to the dream of a life far different. One that didn't require more blood on their young hands. "I'm not afraid," Hux whispers, his hands are shaking though, which suggests otherwise. He stands on his tiptoes and draws Leon into a biting kiss. They're breathless when they part and Leon pulls him into a crushing embrace that Hux doesn't want to ever end, the red head draws strength from it. Courage to face this final test. "I love you," he murmurs in Leon's ear as they finally part. --- Hux blinks and sits up. He's crying again, he realizes as the tears blur the glowing numbers of the digital clock on his bedside table. Irritably he brushes them away and looks at the clock again. 5:00 AM. If he lies here, he knows sleep will not come back to him. Hux gets up, pulling on a fresh uniform and heads to his office. He has work to do. --- "Simulation, activate," Ren's voice echoes throughout the empty room. He isn't fond of these rooms, he doesn't like how they shift and morph into different places, doesn't like fighting the holograms. It's too much like fighting ghosts. But Phasma has insisted that he spend some time training here instead of the gym, she said it would be better for him. It would force him to move more instead of staying rooted in one place. It would give him a better place to give release to the violence inside him. Some of this, Ren suspected was because the Captain was afraid of Ren being consumed by his rage again, and she was in no condition to try to take him on, to give him an outlet to direct his anger and sorrow. A week later and Ren still couldn't look the Captain in the eye. Her swelling had gone down, but her face was a map of yellow and purple bruises that made guilt eat away at the Knight. His lightsaber springs to life, as the room darkens and the sounds of a storm echo through it. The sounds of people dying becomes audible and then the blaster fire starts. He leaps forward, dancing between the bolts, lightsaber swinging wildly, cutting through the holograms. They swarm him and Ren cuts them down. Again and again. He cuts his way through until he can run for cover, and sends a handful of the hologram troops flying. For fakes, they respond with remarkable realism to his Force attacks. A stray bolt nicks his shoulder as he moves from them, causing him to snarl. Ren draws the Force around him in a shield, deflecting the bolts as he charges the troops again. An hour later the simulation ends. He is panting for breath, crouched atop a box, wiping sweat out of his eyes. His clothes bare a few singe marks from where the stun blasts had nicked him and his muscles burn from exertion, but he is no worse for the wear. Then he hears the door to the room open and swears, he'd not locked it, not expecting to be disturbed at this time of night. Ren jumps down from his perch, with every intention of simply brushing passed whoever had just come into the room. But when he stands he finds himself face to face with Hux. The General looks just as surprised as Ren is and they stare at each other in silence, appraising, weighing. Hux's green eyes move over the Knight. There are small things, little details that he picks up. Hair out of place, eyes more blood shot, darker and more hooded then usual, and a tiny tremor that is only betrayed when the Knight deactivates his lightsaber. "I didn't know this room was in use," Hux finally speaks, his voice hoarse and to Ren's surprise he takes a step back. If Ren didn't know better he'd say this was a retreat. The Knight takes a step forward, just to see how he reacts. Hux's lips tighten briefly and he fiddles with the tablet in his hands. "My apologies for interrupting your training. I will go elsewhere." The Knight's eyes narrow, Hux really is retreating from him. Ren moves, blocking Hux's exit as the redhead turns away from him. Hux looks worn down, in a way Ren has never seen before. He's paler than usual, so much so that Ren can make out the faint freckles that dot the General's nose and cheeks. There is something lurking in his eyes, but every time Ren thinks he has a lock on it, the emotion dives away from view. Hux sighs as Ren plants himself firmly between himself and the exit. "Let me by Ren," there is no snap in his voice, no command. His tone is flat and lacking conviction. It infuriates the Knight. How dare he? How dare Hux be hurting? This had been the General's decision! It had been Hux who had told him to leave! Hux who had abandoned him! Threw him out! "Either kill me or let me past you. I don't have time for this game Ren." The General doesn't ever see the blow coming, partially because Ren uses the Force, partially because Hux was pointedly avoiding looking at the Knight. Hux's body slams back against one of the walls of the room, his tablet flying out of his hands and landing some ways away as he falls to the floor with a low noise. Ren stalks over to him, Force energy making the air crackle and darken. Hux is trying to pick himself up and Ren kicks him in the stomach as hard as he can, and this time the General cries out. The Knight reaches down and pulls Hux up by his shirt collar and slams him back against the wall again. "Kill you?" Ren doesn't care how hysterical his voice sounds as he screams at the red head, then slowly he starts to laugh as he leans closer to the General. "You aren't worth killing Hux. You aren't worth sullying my blade with your pathetic, arrogant blood. Kill you? Why would I waste my time?" He drops Hux to the ground. This time the General doesn't try to rise and Ren, to his own frustration, feels no satisfaction. "You're pathetic. To think that my Master chose someone as weak as you to lead the First Order," Ren growls at the man at his feet. Hux offers no recourse and that only adds to the Knight's fury. How dare Hux be broken? How dare he give up? "Pathetic," Ren spits on the ground and turns on his heel leaving the General where he lies on the ground. --- Hux lay on the floor, not moving until the door slid shut behind the Knight, only then did he push himself up. His head was throbbing unpleasantly as he sat up and leaned back against the wall, taking slow, deep breaths to steady himself. Then Hux began to laugh. It was a strange relief to be thrust back into the animosity that had surrounded them when they had first met. The General welcomed it, because if they hated each other then there was no way they could endanger each other with the foolish fantasy of love. Then they could survive. He picked himself up, wincing a bit as he retrieved his data pad from where it had been flung and walked over to the control panel of the simulation room. He pressed a few keys on it and started to scroll through the menus available to him. It had taken the better part of the week to recreate exactly what had happened on Nilash, what worried Hux was the loss of the Knight's entire battalion. Even with Ren at his most negligent, the troopers should have been able to be self-sufficient to a degree. Phasma had managed twice as many troopers and had an eighth of the casualties. Hux moved through the menus, frowning at the sluggish speed of the old machine. He keyed in a few commands and brought up a prompt window; it would be faster to directly tell the program what he wanted instead of spending hours waiting for the old machine to scroll through endless options. It wasn't unlike the simulation consoles they'd had at the Academy, the same base operating system, so working around the graphical menus system wouldn't be that hard. Leon had been better at it than he had been ... The General sighed as he caught the wistful thought, his shoulders slumping a bit. "You were better at a lot of things," Hux admitted to the empty room. "Fucking idiot," he scolded himself, shaking his head and opening a screen on his data pad preparing the sync the two systems. A few commands in the prompt window should have been all he needed to link up the data pad and simulation system. Frustratingly the latter system refused to acknowledge the newer device. Hux made a noise of frustration and crouched at the base of the console, of course he was going to have to manually patch it. This was an obscene amount of work to have to go through just to be able to do the simple task of transferring data and for the millionth time, Hux wished that he could have a new ship. But new ships required credits and credits required allies, sympathizers to the cause and battles to be won. None of which were readily happening. His fingers found the tiny indention in the metal seams of the console's side and Hux pulled off the side panel of the machine. A disgusted look crossed his face. Dust. So much dust covering all the wires and circuits on the inside of the machine and ... was that a spider web? Had no one done maintenance on the machines ever in the thirty years that the old Star Destroyer had been in service to the Empire? Hux had seen some neglected computer systems, but this one by far was the worst. With a sigh he pulled off his gloves and uniform jacket, setting them aside so they wouldn't get dusty and then carefully reached inside the console, searching for the universal syncing cable that would allow his data pad to link up with the simulator. --- Kylo had not returned that night after he'd left to train and that didn't worry Phasma, there were no reports of anything being broken and that was really all they could hope for. What did worry her though was the message that showed up for her at an obscene hour, from Hux of all people. Simulation Room 3. At your earliest convenience. The message had come in while she slept and now she scrambled to get dressed and put her armor on. Mentally she asked that the Maker be most merciful and not have let Kylo and Hux kill each other in fit post-break-up-drama. The Knight had seemed like he was doing better, but that also could have been because he'd been avoiding Hux all week and haunting Phasma's division like an irate phantom. She had been bracing herself for some horrible sight when she entered the simulation room, but much to her surprise there were no body parts strung about and no blood smears to be found. "General Hux?" she called out uncertainly and much to her surprise a hand popped up and waved at her from the side of the control console that was opposite to where she stood and then disappeared again. Taking that a sign to approach, she did so. Upon coming around the control console she found the First Order General sitting cross legged on the floor in his black undershirt, uniform jacked discarded, his person covered in dust and cobwebs with an ancient keyboard in his lap as he typed out commands into the console. It looked like he hadn't slept in days, and he had stubble starting to show on his normally clean shaven face. He paused every so often to consult his data pad, which was hooked up to the console by an overly cumbersome cable that led to the inside of the console, which had the side removed and even more dusty cables spilling out of it and an additional, smaller screen propped up in the pile of unused wiring. Phasma glanced at the main screen of the console, she knew some of how to operate the simulation system by the menus, but she wasn't entirely sure what Hux was doing. All the normal menu options were gone and were replaced with a black screen that had lines of symbols running across it that she was unfamiliar with. "General?" He held up a finger, indicating for her to wait a moment, his face an expression of concentration. His lips were moving silently as he squinted at the smaller screen, reading whatever was on it. He checked his data pad again, keying in a few things on its screen before typing more commands on the keyboard. "And give me root access," Phasma heard him murmur as he hit a command key on the old keyboard with more aggression than was probably needed. He was frowning as white text filled both the main console screen and secondary one. He typed something else and hit the command key again and smirked as the white text vanished and the simulation room groaned for a moment as the mechanics behind it shifted. In the next instant holograms filled the center of the room. "Our recent battle on Nilash," Hux explained as he stood, his expression neutral again. "Ah," Phasma wasn't sure what to make of this. "You reconstructed it?" "I did, I have been tasked by the Supreme Leader with reviewing our strategies and battle plans." "Finally," Phasma muttered to herself, she hated the stiff, predictable formations of the Old Empire that she and all her troopers had been trained in. How the founders and other Generals of the First Order had failed to see how these old tactics were easily out maneuvered by the Resistance as the Rebellion had done before them, she wasn't sure. Hux gave her an appraising look before he continued. "I take it then, that you would be in favor of changing our strategy on the battle field?" "I would, Sir." Hux keyed in a few commands and the holograms started to move, playing out the battle. It was significantly scaled down, and sped up, but still detailed enough to make out the troops as they moved. "We cannot have a repeat of Nilash. Our losses were unacceptable, Captain." Phasma was glad for her helmet, otherwise he would be aware of the very dirty look she was giving him. "I understand, Sir," she replied calmly. "That statement is not with regard to your ability to lead our troops," Hux told her as they watched the battle play out."I have three months to revise everything, and I would not have asked you here if I did not trust in your abilities as a Captain and a commander." "Three months Sir?" "Yes." "That's not a lot of time, Sir." "Which is why I am asking for your help Captain," Hux paused as the battle continued to play out before them. "I can make plans and create formations all day, but if our troops cannot execute them, if they cannot adapt to them, then the best plans in the Galaxy are useless. I need to test ideas with our troops discreetly, on a small scale before I can see if they are practical to implement throughout the forces." "I understand Sir." There was a measure of silence that made Phasma uncomfortable. "In the event that I am successful, I will ensure that you reap the benefits of this work. Conversely, in the event that I am not, I will be sure that your name is not mentioned," Hux said as the holograms representing the troops that were supposed to be under the Ren's command started to drop like flies. Phasma blinked. That was ... oddly considerate, even by Hux's standards. But before she could respond, Hux continued. "My concern is Ren," Hux gestured to the holograms. 'Ah there it is,' she thought to herself. "While he is an excellent fighter, he cannot manage a massive force. I doubt he can manage a smaller one very well either. He is ... too easily distracted," Hux was choosing his words carefully. "Among the revisions I plan to make, one of them is removing him from command of the troops. He can function as his own special unit, independently of the rest of our forces. It is my hope that this, coupled with the tactics I wish to employ will reduce our casualties and increase our efficiency. Your thoughts, Captain?" Phasma sighed inwardly, Kylo would not take this well. "I have one concern, Sir." "Go on, speak freely" Hux's eyes were on the holograms as the battle came to a heat with another bombing run. "That your break up might be affecting your judgment." Hux went completely still. Phasma was fairly certain he had stopped breathing and possibly turned to stone. Then he turned to her, face expressionless. "The only thing affecting my judgment, Captain, is that Ren was single handedly responsible for the death of thirty percent of our troops on this past mission," his voice was cold. Phasma didn't think it was possible for someone to look so intimidating while covered in cobwebs and dust, but General Hux was rapidly proving her wrong. "Regardless of their inability to adapt to battle, his negligence cost us both resources and troops. Those are your troops dying on the battle field. Beings that you trained and worked with, that you have invested yourself in. He is reckless, impulsive and has neither concept of the consequences that his actions have, nor takes responsibility for his shortcomings. That Captain is why I am removing him from battle field command." "My apologies, Sir. I misspoke, I was merely concer-" "I assure you I do not need your concern Captain. I am not a child," Hux was clenching his jaw, she could see the muscle jump in his face as he did. "The only thing that concerns me is you maintaining your discretion regarding that matter, are we clear Captain?" His eyes narrowed as he looked at her. Phasma scowled, there were times when both Kylo and Hux could be completely insufferable! "Of course, sir." Hux gave her a curt nod and looked back at the holograms, they had frozen as the battle replay had come to an end. "Select fifty of your troops. We begin tonight." --- A few hours later Hux had managed to tear himself away from the simulation console. He had left the machine with his data pad hooked up to it while it loaded the preliminary plans he'd started to work on and that would take time, so the General took the opportunity to shower off the dust and cobwebs that he'd collected while working on the old console. Tiredness was nagging at his mind and he pushed it aside as he shaved and pulled on a fresh uniform. He would get coffee later, there was an officers' meeting he had to be present for in a few minutes. Hux grabbed another data pad as he left his quarters, reviewing what reports they would be covering. It was then that he felt the dark presence fall into step alongside him. Kylo Ren. Hux pointedly ignored the Knight, he did not have time for another of the Force user's angry outbursts. It would not do to have the officers and troops see him being Force thrown across the hall. If he did not acknowledge the Knight, hopefully Ren would lose interest. Hux had to admit though, that he was relieved that Ren had chosen to be angry at him, instead of the alternative. It would make their work much easier and less complicated. Even if it ate away at the General inside. Unfortunately the Knight did not lose interest. "What do you want Ren?" Hux finally stopped at looked up at the Knight. Ren just being next to him made the General feel drained, like what little energy he had was being sucked out of him. It made him feel weak, and it showed when coupled with his lack of sleep. The General drew himself up a bit taller, keeping his voice firm and his mind focused. "Why are you involving her in this?" Ren's voice was a growl beneath his mask. Hux stared at him, confused by the question for a moment and then rolled his eyes. "It is none of your business what I do with the personnel under my command, Ren," Hux glared at him now. Of course the Knight had gone to Phasma. What had Ren called her? His confidant? Secretly Hux felt some relief in knowing that the Stormtrooper Captain was there for Ren. It was probably due to her intervention that nothing else had gotten broken and no one else had gotten strangled the week prior. Hux would have to be sure that he thanked her somehow, it was no easy feat to manage work and private relationships and he had been rude to her this morning. "I'm making it my business," he leaned close to Hux, invading his personal space as if he could tell that Hux was making an effort to ignore him. Ren was so close to him that Hux can catch his scent. It's an odd one that isn't found in nature, probably a side effect of being such a strong Force user, it makes Hux think of cold winter winds, ice and blood. Ren who was so determined to be ice and darkness, and yet here he was. "If any harm comes to her because of you-" "I'm not careless Ren," Hux didn't give any ground this time, staying rooted where he stood. "Unlike you." "If I were careless you would be dead, don't forget that General," Ren growled and Hux felt the air chill as it tended to do now when the Knight became exceptionally upset. "Because of your carelessness over three hundred of our troops are dead. Think about that when you want to pretend that you have some moral high ground," Hux countered. 'Hate me. Hate me for all you're worth. If you hate me I can't lose you again,' the General's thought is a desperate prayer that he keeps carefully hidden from Ren. Just as he keeps the whirlwind of pain hidden, he focuses on his work until he is exhausted. Buries himself in the impossible task assigned to him by Snoke so he doesn't have to think about Ren. Or Leon. Or the hundreds of other ghosts that have found it to be a fitting time to rise from the grave. They glared at each other, it was Hux who turned away first with a dismissive wave of his hand. "I have work to do, I don't have time for this." Ren, to his relief, does not follow him into the meeting room. --- Ren stalked away from the meeting room, his anger flaring and he was sorely tempted to destroy the nearest console. He resisted the temptation and continued walking. Hux was doing this on purpose, he had to be! The General was trying to weaken him, to take what little Ren had left! It was cruel. There was a way Ren could find out, get all the answers he wanted. It would be easy to do, and yet he balked at the idea of tearing the General's mind apart. For one, Ren couldn't be certain that he wouldn't kill the red head in the process, something Snoke would frown upon, and for another, Ren was afraid of what he might find. He had been inconsolable for the past week, despite Phasma's best efforts. His own existence had been a hazy gray cloud of hurt as Ren had retreated far into himself. He didn't remember much of the week, there were glimmers here and there, mostly of Phasma taking care of him, despite how much he'd hurt her. She made sure he choked down nutrition supplements and drank water, she pushed his first ever cups of awful tasting black coffee into his hands in the morning, and reminded him to shower at night and change his clothes. He had been silent, sullen even, staying by the Stormtrooper Captain's side like a shadow while she worked like he had so many times in the past when he had needed to put space between himself and Hux. The nights had been the worst, because that had been their time. Silent though it had been, it had been comfortable, peaceful. Connecting without words. Perhaps that's where they had gone wrong, but words always made things worse it seemed. For all Hux's eloquent speeches, the General did not enjoy sharing thing about himself and Ren had been fine with that, content with it. The Knight wasn't one to share stories either, too many of them ended in heartache. So they had existed in a blissful ignorance, touching instead of talking, letting hands and fingers linger lightly when in need of comfort. Sometimes they wouldn't touch at all, going the whole night with just sharing the General's room and never speaking a word, each feeding off the presence of the other. And now that was gone. The emptiness that Hux had left in him was devastating. The loss of that silent connection, of that warm touch and those few words, there was no replacing it. It left Ren wanting to do nothing but sleep, to fall into oblivion and not return from it. He did not ever recall willingly sleeping so much in his entire life. If he could have stayed curled up under the blanket in Phasma's bed for the entire week, he would have. But that wasn't an option. However there was nothing that stopped him from shedding his mask and boots when he returned to Phasma's room and collapsing on the bed and not moving until the Captain prodded at him. It was on the third day that Phasma had approached with a comb as he pulled his boots off. He had stared at her quizzically as she slid onto the bed behind him. "You look like a bird has nested in your hair," she told him and with deft hands began to work the tangles out of his unkempt hair. Then, with deft fingers she had plaited his hair into a short tight braid against his scalp. "That will make it a little more manageable," she told him. Her gentle touch on his scalp made him shudder and he was still shaking when she finished. She had rubbed a hand on his back in an effort to comfort him, eventually pulling him into her arms and holding him as he cried, gently shushing him as his head laid on her breast and soaked her shirt with tears. He had fallen asleep like that and awoken feeling drained and dizzy at a strange hour of night. Phasma had given him a glass of water and told him he'd been talking in his sleep. She had sat up with him, stroking his forehead as he lay sprawled across the bed, his head in her lap, until he'd fallen asleep again. On the fourth night Ren had awoken from a terrifying dream with a shout, tears rolling down his face. Phasma had gotten a damp wash cloth and wiped the tears away, trying to encourage him to talk about the dream. But he couldn't, because it was Hux screaming at him again. Accusing Ren of betraying him. The gun pressed against his head. But then Hux had become Snoke and he had seen his parents' bodies lying bloody and broken on the ground before him as he knelt before the Supreme Leader. No; he could never tell Phasma that dream. The nightmares progressed and instead of becoming afraid of them, Ren became angry. Each dream awoke a new rage in him, as the shock of what had happened finally wore off. The shock of being accused, threatened and then discarded was replaced by anger at the injustice of it. Of Hux not even trying to listen to him, not willing to trust him or try to understand. The man who he had told so much to, confided in and had finally trusted had spurned him. It was then, when he was shaking with rage and murmuring terrible things that Phasma had directed him out of her room. Telling him to go to the simulation room and train there until his rage cooled. And then he had run into Hux and nearly lost control of his rage. Now Hux was taking Phasma away from him, pulling away at the bit of support he had. Ren stepped into his quarters, he'd avoided the cold room for the past week, but now he needed the coldness. The comfort of the darkness. He needed guidance. The Knight stepped into the alcove and knelt before the small pedestal and the item placed upon it. "Help me," he whispered into the darkness, his head bowing. "This pain is unbearable and I don't know how to harness it. Show me what to do, guide me. Please, I cannot become weak. I cannot fail. Please." --- The evening was not going well. It was the third night of trying to teach the handful of troopers that Phasma had selected the new tactics and the troopers were confused and baffled, Phasma was embarrassed and Hux was practically radiating anger and frustration, although one would never guess it from the General's calm face. "Do it again," Hux's voice filled the room. The simulation started again and again the Stormtroopers were easily beaten. "Again." Hux's voice was calm. Again the troopers failed. After this failure Hux had them dismissed and it was only then that his frustration showed, after the last trooper was gone and it was only him and Phasma. "Is this a particularly difficult concept, Captain?" He pinched the bridge of his nose. "No sir, but it is vastly different from what they have trained for all their lives." Hux's sigh was audible. "Too stiff. Too rigid. Too stupid," the General pulled his hands through his hair and walked over the console, tapping a few keys on it and reading something on the screen. "Surely they didn't have all of their adaptivity trained out of them? Otherwise we might as well start from scratch." "Free thinking is discouraged, you know that Sir." "But basic self preservation-" Hux began. "They are taught to obey commands without question. Even if it means putting oneself at risk." Hux mumbled something under his breath. "You're not helping, Captain." "They need time to adapt to this." "They won't have time in battle and we don't have time now! I don't have time!" Hux snapped at her, the slightest hint of fear coloring his words. "I know that sir." "You're dismissed Captain. We will try again tomorrow." Phasma left, putting Hux alone in the simulation room. The General leaned over the console, rubbing a hand over his face in frustration. "What the fuck do I do?" Hux whispered into the silence. He had expected that it would take some work, expected there to be hurdles, but not this many. Not this level of incompetence. "Fucking stupid, archaic training!" The red head sighed. He straightened from where he'd hunched over the console, thinking he'd heard someone. But there was no one to be seen. Hux rubbed his face, his exhaustion was starting to affect his senses. On the far side of the simulation room Ren settled himself, not in his cloak but his work out clothes, atop a set of unused boxes. It had taken two days of mediation, but he'd finally calmed enough to do what he needed to. Yet, now when he'd been seconds from confronting Hux, his nerve had failed him and the Knight had opted to hide himself instead. He could practically taste the exhaustion, pain and anxiety that Hux was broadcasting. 'None of that matters now though' , the Knight reminded himself. He had no obligation to care about the General and his well being. All he needed was answers. Honest answers. Closure. And yet, there was the desire to pull Hux into his arms, to comfort both of them. Foolish and self destructive as it was, Ren felt his resolution crumbling and remained rooted where he was hidden as Hux leaned down to pick something up. He straightened and Ren saw that he had a blaster in his hand. The Knight tilted his head, more curious now as Hux walked to the middle of the room. "Simulation, start!" The holograms came to life and the General started shooting. Ren watched, fascinated. He had never seen Hux actually train with his blaster or any weapons before. He had forgotten that the General knew how to use them until they'd been ambushed on Nilash. It was clear though, Hux's blaster was an extension of himself, just as Ren's lightsaber was for the Knight. The General seemed to come alive in a way that Ren had never seen before. There was so much focus, such intensity in Hux that for all his anger towards the man, Ren had to grudgingly admire his skill. The air in the room soon smelled of blaster fire and sweat and the only sound was Hux's heavy breathing as the simulation ended. Ren didn't move from his spot until Hux left. --- It took a week for the fifty troopers Phasma had selected to adapt to the changes in strategy. The real change had happened when Hux had become an active participant in the exercise. The General had interacted with the troops, setting aside his uniform jacket in favor of a work out shirt and picking up his own blaster to join them. It had started as a simple demonstration and quickly became the norm. "Smaller groups," Hux had explained to Phasma with a hint of excitement in his voice. "No more battalions, use platoons. It will mean directing more people and you yourself will be less engaged in battle, but you can have them change position and react more quickly to the events of battle this way. You can scatter them or bring them together, depending on the battle. It also forces them to think for themselves within the scope of their mission." "If I didn't know any better, Sir," Phasma had said, smirking behind her helmet. "I would think you are mimicking the tactics of the Rebellion." The next week Phasma brought in a different group of troopers. This time Hux led them from the start and the difference was remarkable. The General, while not the best teacher, was an inspiring leader so long as he placed himself among his troops. If they could see for themselves that he had the skills, they were more inclined to believe him. The moment he became removed from those he led however, his ability was doubted; Hux was after all, remarkably young for a General. The intensity of the training coupled with the work load thrust upon him by Snoke was taking its toll on the already worn down red head. Hux would finish with the troops and Phasma, run a simulation of his own, work on updating the old simulation system with new tactics, typing away at it for hours before going to his office to work on additional tactics and battle plans and usually fell asleep at his desk for a few hours. It was by the grace of the maintenance droids that came by to clean the floors every morning that Hux was woken up in time to shower and get a fresh uniform on. He managed to still look every picture of control, that was to everyone except Ren. The Knight had picked up on the small shakes that had started in Hux's normally steady hands. If the General wasn't holding a data pad or clenching his fists behind his back, his hands trembled, so he kept them occupied, but soon even that didn't help and that tremors started to spread. If it was from the sheer volume of caffeine Hux was consuming to stay conscious or exhaustion and nerves, Ren couldn't tell without prying into his mind and he was still loath to do that for fear of what he might find. There had been no time for Ren to fight with him or confront him; Hux stayed in his office, unless he was in a meeting or working with Phasma and the troops they were training, and that was fine by the Knight. Time spent focusing on work was good, it kept them distracted and their minds off the pain. Off each other. For Ren the worst of his rage had finally passed, but there was still a tangled ball of hurt inside him. It had lessened bit by bit, as he had filled his own time with training, meditating and talking to Phasma. The Stormtrooper Captain had been the biggest help, her willingness to let him have a sanctuary within her quarters had been an enormous weight off his chest. He had become so dependent to another being's presence that when he finally did sleep, he found it difficult to do so without someone in the same room. Ren told himself this was a weakness he needed to cut himself off from it, but Phasma's room was warm and always smelled of her clove cigarettes. She didn't permit his lightsaber in her quarters and if he was angry she told him to go and train until he could behave like a human being. "The part about being a monster, or a psychopath," she explained to him one day as he took her stitches out of her brow and glanced at the silver scar it would leave across her eyebrow. "Is being a manageable monster. You have to be functional, you have to find outlets that are appropriate." His meditation had changed. That strange spark that he had encountered in the Force on Nilash had vanished. It seemed to have done so the moment he and Hux had stepped into the General's office those few weeks ago. No matter how hard Ren searched, he could not find it again. It was all familiar darkness and coldness, and he took comfort in that. If that spark had truly been the Light Side of the Force then it was weak and he had no use for weakness now. He was almost grateful to Hux for having ended their relationship, especially if it meant that it was making him susceptible to the Light. The nightmares had finally stopped and a sense of finality had settled over Ren. At least he thought it had until he realized that he kept going to watch Hux and Phasma train the troopers. He had told himself initially that he was watching only to make sure that Phasma didn't get hurt, that it was strictly out of concern for the Stormtrooper Captain. But it had been weeks since then and Ren had never made himself known, not once. But he had lingered still, his eyes not on the Captain and her chrome armor, but on Hux. In a way there had been something strangely soothing about watching Hux work with the troops as well. Perhaps it had been seeing Hux behave naturally when he didn't realize the Knight was watching, seeing him act like an actual human being, instead of the trumped up alpha male he paraded around as. Then again, Ren was little better about his own posturing. Ren didn't think that knot of hurt inside him would come any looser without actually talking to Hux. He needed closure, more closure than their few exchanged words of hurt and confusion outside the holochamber weeks before. And that was something Ren didn't think he could bring himself to do. Especially when he caught glimpses of Hux's thoughts, which seemed to become increasingly chaotic and paranoid as time went on and the first month slipped by. Then the General's mind was filled with a lingering anxiety that was so strong it made Ren nauseous if he focused on it for too long and, beneath that, something worse was festering. It was on the fifth week that Hux didn't make it out of the simulation room. Ren had been meditating atop the his perch on the boxes, out of sight, as he had taken to doing. The sound of Hux's fingers moving over the old keyboard made a constant 'click clack clack click' sound that was easy to drown out as the General made further modifications to the plans and simulations at the console. It took Ren a few minutes to realize that the sound had stopped. He opened his eyes, expecting to see Hux glaring at him and was fully prepared to tell the General it had taken him long enough to realize that Ren was there. Instead though there was nothing. It was unnerving because unless Hux suddenly had developed a truly amazing stealth skills he wouldn't have been able to leave the room without Ren knowing. The Knight hopped down from the boxes he was perched on and walked through the room, his boots echoing on the floor as he circled around to where the console was. Hux had slumped over onto the floor, the keyboard having fallen off his lap and his back was rising and falling as he breathed. The General had fallen asleep. In another time, Ren might have gathered the other man up in his arms and carried him to bed. But now, instead he just watched Hux breathe. There were slight twitches in his hands and legs and the small noises that left his lips were almost heart breaking, like a pup that had been left out in the rain. It was then that the Knight realized that Hux was having a nightmare. Ren felt something inside him twist, like a serpent in the darkness, writhing angrily as he felt waves of unguarded remorse and fear leak off the General. "How dare you?" Ren whispered to the other man as he watches him sleep. "How dare you hurt so much? This was all your fault!" Hux gives no proper response, he is still trapped in whatever dream that has a hold of him. Ren crouches next to the General, glaring at him, trying to will himself to hate him. "You were supposed to be the strong one. The one who didn't care, who leads the First Order to crush the Resistance. And here you are, hurting!" Ren hisses at Hux as a whine comes from the red head and Hux twists in his uneasy sleep. "You aren't allow to hurt! You aren't! You aren't supposed to care!" Ren snarls, more to himself now then the General. There is something pitiful about the other man, about watching his slow decline as the weeks have dragged by. Ren should have been happy, gleeful even, that the great General Hux was on his way to a very long fall from grace. And yet the thought brought the Knight no pleasure, leaving him feel hollow inside. It is a weakness that Ren cannot seem to rid himself of, no matter how hard he tries and he adds that to the list of reasons that he should hate Hux, right underneath 'feeling the call of the Light'. Hux shifts again, a pained moan leaving him and green eyes start to flutter open. Ren moved, not thinking about his actions, but reacting on instinct. He wasn't sure where the impulse came from, perhaps it was the desire to be in control since his life seemed to have twisted and spiraled beyond his ability to restrain it. Perhaps it was the aching desire to touch the other man that had been haunting Ren for weeks, no matter how much he told himself that he fought to crush it down. No matter what the motive, the Knight pinned Hux to the ground, straddling his hips and holding his wrists to the floor. Hux struggled against him and Ren felt a wave of fear come off the General was so strong that it almost made Ren pull away. Green eyes snapped open now, sleep gone as panic set in. And they stared at each other. "Get off me Ren," Hux's voice was hoarse with tiredness but agitated all the same as he struggled against the larger man. 'He's breathing too fast' , Ren notes, feeling the General's pulse pounding in his veins as the Knight restrained his wrists. "No." Hux glared up at him before renewing his struggling, thrashing about in an effort to get free and Ren can feel the General's anxiety rising like bile in the back of his throat. The drapetomanianic urgency of Hux's efforts was so powerful that Ren almost let the General go. Almost. Instead he pressed himself down, sinking all his weight against the other man, pinning him more, taking control away from him and driving at the fact that the General was very, very helpless in this situation. "What are you so afraid of?" Ren asked, his voice rumbling and echoing of the walls of the room. The question seems to give Hux pause and his struggles cease, although his body is tight with tension and Ren can feel him shaking beneath him. The question certainly isn't the one Ren had planned to ask, when honestly he'd had no plan at all, but the words have left him and there is no taking them back. Hux stares up at Ren from where he's pinned on the floor, mouth slightly open in surprise. Then he sneers. "As if I would tell you." The words are meant to hurt, meant to sting, but the General's voice trembles too much as he speaks them. Ren meets his gaze evenly before leaning down, closing the space between them so that Hux can feel Ren's breath against his lips. "Once you would have trusted me-" "That was before you betrayed me!" Hux spits the words and Ren feels the red head's body shake as he speaks. There is a key there, some great catalyst to all this, if only Ren can find it. If he can pry it loose from the man beneath him, there are ways... "You know I could make you tell me," the Knight rumbles. "I could force the words from your lips, rip them from your mind. I can take anything I want from you." It would be easier if Hux just told him. But he could be cruel, perhaps Hux has forgotten that? That Ren can be just as ruthless and it is only his attachment to the General that has spared Hux of this in the past. Now however, mercy is no longer a requirement. The General is shaking underneath him now, breath coming through his mouth in loud gasps as his body's warmth leaks through their clothing, chasing away the constant chill that Ren feels. It sends a thrill through the Knight, as he realizes that he is the one in control. The thought is almost too much, and the feeling of control, of power is intoxicating. "Tell me," Ren growls, voice impossibly low as his heart races and he's still too close to Hux. "Tell me your fear. Tell me why . You owe me that much, after everything you put me through." A noise of fear comes from Hux and the General desperately turns his head away from Ren, closing his eyes as if he thinks he can shut the Knight out. They are close to a breaking point now, Ren takes one hand and places against Hux's temple. He reaches out with the Force and starts to press inside Hux's mind. "Tell. Me." "NO!" Hux pushes against Ren with his now free hand, forcing space between himself and the Knight and they struggle again, Ren overpowering the redhead once more. "No!" Hux's voice is breaking as he struggles hopelessly against Ren. "Let go of me! Stay out of my head!" "And why should I? You who told me to trust you, only to spurn me? You who made so many fanciful promises only to hold a gun to my head? To dare to accuse me of betraying you? If anything General, you have earned this," Ren growls. He feels the Force swarming around him, swallowing them both in darkness and feels the fear that it strikes in the redhead trapped beneath him. In this moment Ren is powerful and takes a small measure of pleasure in the General's terror. A small payback for the hurt, the nightmares, the weeks of hell that Ren has gone through. "Ren-" "You deserve this." "No! No, Ren please!" Again the Knight pressed into Hux's mind with the Force. He is not gentle as he strips away Hux's mental barriers and the General cries out, struggling to get free, to fight back, to do /anything/. Ren presses deeper into the General's mind and a fragment of a memory comes to him. "We could run." "Where would we go?" "Anywhere." "Anywhere? Really?" "Anywhere, beloved." Ren surfaces from the memory with a gasp, the potency of the emotions associated with it rocking the Knight to his core. The deja vu of the conversation is terrifying, the hope, mingled with fear as the words had been whispered. He stared down at the General, pulling away from him. "What the hell was that?" Ren whispered. Hux looked away and one of Ren's hands grabbed his face, forcing the General to meet his gaze, reaching into his mind again, determined to find a real answer, not some distorted memory or dream. "What the hell Hux?" "I couldn't lose you!" The words leave Hux's lips in a rush, his voice breaking. The Knight pauses and he stares down at Hux, at those green eyes that are filled with agony. " What? " Ren hisses. This is not the answer he sought, not some sentiment. "What the hell does that mean? You're the one who ended it. You're the one who-" "I was afraid!" "You ... " Ren laughs spitefully. " You were afraid? You? What do you know of fear? Do you know what you did to me?" his grip is hard enough to leave that it will leave bruises on Hux's face. "You-" he snarls, shaking the General. "I came back for you! I could have left this hell behind but I came back for you , you fucking bastard!" Hux twists, and Ren lets him pull his face free from his grip, he's blinking rapidly, trying to hold himself together. "I know," his voice is small and it makes something ache in Ren's chest. "Then for the love of the Maker, WHY?" Ren screams at him, tears of frustration pricking at the corners of his eyes as the General winces, trying to press himself further against the floor as if that will allow him to avoid the Knight's rage. "TELL ME!" It is quiet in the room and a sob comes from Ren. "You bastard. You drew me to the Light, you fucking ruined me," he whispers, his shoulders hunching as his rage gives way to his pain. To damnable weakness that threatens to undo him entirely. "Just tell me you son of a bitch." Hux's throat is working, as if he's trying to swallow his own tongue. Finally he speaks, his voice like that of a frightened child and he won't meet Ren's eyes. "I ... I couldn't do it. It was shoot you or throw you out. And ... I couldn't lose you. Not you too. If I pushed you away, then I wouldn't have to hold that gun to your head again. I ... I couldn't bear to do it Kylo. Not again." Silence follows his words and he slowly looks up at Ren. The Knight is shaking his head, trembling, and Hux feels his heart sink. Ren doesn't believe him. "Kylo-" "Shut up!" the Knight screams, slamming his fist into the floor right next to Hux's head. "Don't fucking toy with me! Don't sit there and tell me that you did all this because you cared !" Ren's chest is heaving as tears fall from his eyes and rain down on Hux's face. "You fucking monster," he whispers. He can't believe this, it has to be a lie, another trap. A test. Something. Anything other than the truth. But the Force tells him otherwise, and Hux's anguish is thick in the air, mingling with his own. "You're a monster!" Ren repeats, trying to find some conviction in his voice, to make himself believe it. To tell himself he doesn't want to desperately fall back into what they had once been. "Kylo please, listen to me," Hux pleads quietly, as he moves his hands now that Ren has released them and gently touches the Knight's arms. The Knight pulls away, shaking his head as he drops his hands, his expression is stricken. He doesn't need Hux. He doesn't need the General's comfort, or his love. He doesn't need the toe curling pain and pleasure that the General inflicts upon him. There are a million things Ren tells himself he doesn't need Hux for. "No... No," he whispers. Hux sits up, reaching out to him again and Ren jerks back. Pulls away from the warmth. "I'm not your plaything!" he snarls through his tears. "You can't do that to me! You can't just throw me away!" "Kylo-" Hux's voice sounds so pained, so exhausted. "No!" Ren shouts at him, looking at the other man. "No, no, no! You aren't allow to hurt! I hate you!" "Kylo. Please ," Hux is on his knees now, head bowed as his hands grip the floor. Ren makes himself stand, he can't stay here. If he does his resolve will crumble. "I hope you fail," Ren whispers venomously. Hux looks up at him, his face tear stained, dark circles under his eyes. Ren hates him for feeling pain, for being torn apart just as the Knight has been. Ren wants to hurt him in the worst way possible. "I hope you fail," he repeats. "I hope you fail and that Snoke kills you." His words fall like a blow and a stunned silence follows. Then Hux pushes himself to his feet. Ren senses a change, a shift in the General's energy, or rather a complete collapse of it. His emotions that had been so readily accessible to the Knight fall away, fall away, shattering like expensive glassware. It's as if Ren has killed him with those words, pushed him beyond a breaking point and left him with nothing. Slowly Hux closes the space between them, eyes lifeless as he holds Ren's gaze. The Knight backs away from him, suddenly afraid, because men with nothing to lose are dangerous. They have nothing holding them back anymore. Hux takes one more step and they're face to face again. He brings his hand up and on reflex, Ren shrinks away, closing his eyes. There is no blow. No strike. Instead fingers gently brush Ren's face and his eyes snap back open to stare at the General. There is no rage in Hux's expression, but there isn't sadness either, but rather a quiet resignation, a loss of hope. Ren finds himself frozen and Hux leans up, brushing their lips together. It isn't quite a kiss, but it isn't not and it makes something inside the Knight quake. "Goodbye then, Kylo." There are no more tears, no shouting, no begging. Hux's voice is flat, dead and devoid of passion and energy. Hux steps away from Ren and moves passed him, leaving him. "Hux!" There is a pause in the General's footsteps and neither man moves. Ren won't turn around to face him and Hux doesn't look back at him. " Why? " Ren forces the quiver out of his voice. "Does it even matter anymore? Would you even believe me?" Silence. "Then I won't waste your time. We have jobs to do. Good night, Lord Ren." --- Hux had not a particular destination in mind when he'd left the simulation room. He wasn't even quite sure how he was still standing, how he hadn't collapsed entirely already. His feet took him to the bridge, it was one rare times that the place was empty, even though the third shift crew members were supposed to be there. Hux frowned, this would have to be addressed. The bridge should never be empty. But for the moment he took solace in the quiet, gazing out the window at the stars. He was so tired ... And Ren had- "G-General?" A voice brought him out of his thoughts before they could cause him any further agony. Inwardly Hux cursed, he did not need his officers to see him in disarray, it would give rise to questions about his ability to manage the First Order's forces. "Sir?" The voice came again, fraught with worry and Hux could have almost laughed. Mikata. The General straightened his back slightly and turned to face the other man. "Did you require something, Lieutenant?" Hux was glad he'd remembered Mikata's title change. The other might only be a third lieutenant, but he had earned the rank. Phasma spoke highly of him, Mikata was surprisingly competent and could adapt well, despite his tendency to freeze up every time Kylo Ren was near. The Captain had suggested including the lower officer in their training project, especially since commanding smaller units would require more attention to detail. "N-No sir, I was just surprised to-" the other man starts to say and then his eyes go wide and before he can stop himself, the lieutenant blurts out: "Are those bruises? " "What are you talking about?" Hux snaps and Mikata swallows heavily. "I-Nothing, sir! Sorry sir!" Perhaps now was not the time to include the other man in their training exercises. At least not until Hux was sure they would work and Mikata managed to speak up. Hux studies the lieutenant, Mikata's eyes don't meet his, but they are trained on his face. That had been where Ren was gripping him. 'Damn it.' Mikata has a look of concern about him but is clearly too scared to say anything further. "Get out of my sight, Lieutenant," Hux orders and as the other man flees, Hux has a sinking feeling that rumors are going to start circulating. He has no mask to hide behind, unlike Ren, if anything he'll have to pass them off as a training mishap. Somehow. Hux leaves the bridge, returning to his own quarters. He is shaking again when he flips the light on in his bathroom and studies his face in the mirror. Mikata had not been wrong. There was a neat line of bruises down one side of his face where Ren's fingers had been and a larger one on the other side of his jaw where Ren's thumb had been. "Fuck," Hux whispered, slowly slumping against the sink of his bathroom. He's trembling again, it feels like the strength is being bled out of him and he grips the edge of sink with unsteady hands. "Get. A. Grip," he growls to himself. He can't collapse, can't fold. Not yet. Not now. He has to see this through, to put up a fight before he dies at Snoke's hand for failing. No! No, he cannot fail. He cannot! He must not! Even if that would make Ren feel better, even if that would make things right between them in some twisted way. Hux feels his legs give out and his knees hit the floor hard making him wince. "Feidhelm," he hears her voice and Hux raises his head. He's hallucinating, he has to be. He's not been sleeping enough for weeks, this has to be a hallucination brought on by stress. "Feidhelm, my poor boy." Her arms are around him, drawing him close. She is so warm and smells of wild flowers, paint and fresh linen. "I lost him. I lost him in the worst way," Hux whispers to the apparition. "I... am no better then my father." "You are so much more than what that monster has made you," She whispers to him. "No. I am the monster. Just like him," Hux's voice breaks. "I'm so sorry." Then he is alone again, collapsed on his bathroom floor, sobbing. --- "I'm tired of hurting," Ren whispered into the darkness. "I feel like I'm being torn apart." "It will pass," Phasma murmured sleepily. She had been woken up by the Knight's quiet whimpering as he sat at the edge of her bed. She had sat up and moved to sit next to him, a hand gently rubbing his back until he calmed enough to speak. "No. I don't think this will. I ... I said horrible things to him." "Kylo," Phasma was silent, not certain what to say. "What happened?" "I ... I wanted closure. Instead I ... I only made it worse." He had never told the Captain about why he and Hux had parted ways, she had never asked and now to explain the depth of what had just transpired. "I wished him dead. I wished for him to fail and die at Snoke's hands." Phasma went still next to him and Ren held his head in his hands. "You feel bad about it?" she asked him finally and the Knight could only nod miserably. The Captain sighed and resumed stroking his back. "Did you mean it?" she whispered. "Did you honestly mean it?" Ren was silent, glad that she doesn't push him further for an answer. She lets him search himself. "No," he groans brokenly, and that makes it all the worse. "I wanted to hurt him, but, not that." He would never wish Snoke's punishments on anyone, yet he had done just that to Hux. The General had just enough knowledge of Snoke's cruelty to be afraid of him, that was why Ren had chosen the words, because Hux knew what could happen to him. It should have been satisfying to see how it had broken the General, to know that those words would linger in the red head's mind. And yet, Ren felt no satisfaction. Rather the thought of Hux being broken under his Master brings a fresh wave of pain to the Knight. Phasma for once, has no words of comfort for him. She sits next to him, still rubbing his back as he wallows in his misery. "How do I fix this?" Ren whispers. "I thought you hated him?" "I thought I did too, but ... but if I did, I don't think I wouldn't feel this awful." "Kylo," Phasma shifts next to him and rests her head on his shoulder. "You need to be careful here. I can't tell you what to do, what the right choice to make is. I don't know what pushed you apart, so I can't help you. I don't know if you can fix it, and I don't know if fixing it is the right thing." "I know," Ren sighs, pulling a hand through his hair. "I know. I just wish someone did." "Sorry little brother. I wish I could help more," Phasma yawns tiredly. "It's my mess, not yours," Ren sighs. "If it hadn't been for you, I don't know what would have happened." "Sleep a bit, things will be better in the morning." "Not now. I ... I think I will go meditate." "All right then. G'night Kylo." The bed shifts as the Captain moves away from him to lay back down. "Good night sis," he murmurs, lingering a bit longer and listening to the steady sound of her breathing as she falls back asleep. He finally leaves, wandering the ship aimlessly until he finds himself at the hidden atrium that has offered him solace so many times in the past. Ren settles himself on the floor and gazes out at the stars. He's a little cold without his robes, dressed only in workout sweats and a shirt, but will help him focus. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, reaching out through the Force. Using the Force to find answers, to seek truths through visions or otherwise is a little trickier than searching for beings or probing people's minds. Ren takes another breath and submerges himself entirely into the Force. He lets the Force guide him, move through him, like a dance. He gives all of himself over to the Force, letting it have his pain, his agony and the darkness feeds on it like a rabid animal. He lets it nurse on his loneliness and conflict until it is sated and then follows it as it pulls him upward and outward. Into the stars, into Time itself. Past becomes present and the future and all its possibilities dance before him, both beautiful and terrifying in their chaos, like a collapsing star. At the center of it all, Ren sees Hux. The General's state shifts as the infinite contingency of events unfolds before the Knight. Ren feels his heart race and his brows knit, as he focuses his concentration. He sees Hux in a battlefield. Then in a forest. Then a prison cell. The images shift, and Ren can hear the General now. Screaming, crying, gasping for breath. Hux is fleeing, standing his ground and fighting and collapsing all at the same time. Hux stands before Snoke. Victorious. Hux's body falls to the ground, lifeless. Brought down by blaster shot, a hangman's noose, or simply a wave of Snoke's hand. The General cries out for Ren as he is tortured. By Snoke, by the Resistance. The once proud leader of the First Order breaks, his mind shattering as his body does. The General grabs Ren's hand. They run. Fast and far. Hux kisses Ren in a forest as it rains on them, pressing the Knight against a tree. The scent of smoke, sex, and rain flood Ren's senses. Cold metal is a sharp contrast to warm earth. To the warm blood flowing out of Ren's chest. Someone is crying, wailing and screaming as the world turns dark. "No! Don't touch him!" Hux is screaming. "You would dare to defy me, General?" Snoke's voice is cold and death hangs heavy in the air. A blaster fires. The Supreme Leader falls, Hux is shouting for a medic. The sound of the waterfall is nearby. "You would dare to defy me, my Apprentice?" Time stands still. The visions slow to a fraction of their frantic pace. Ren's lightsaber is heavy in his hands, glowing red and frizzing dangerously. Hux stands beside him, blaster drawn, pointing it at Snoke. The General's free hand clutches Ren's tightly. They stand together. United. Unstoppable. Snoke falls. The First Order crumbles. The First Order is triumphant. Hux and Ren flee, hand in hand. Hux and Ren rule, side by side. The visions fade now, zeroing in on the General. It takes Ren a moment to realize that it is Hux in the present, not one of the infinite possibilities. The Force hums, causing the air to vibrate and create an eerie noise that fills the atrium. Hux is alone, collapsed on the floor. His face is bruised. Sobbing. "That's not what I wanted to see," Ren whispers in frustration. "I need answers! I need the truth!" The Force does not give him any, except to reinforce the image of the General in the present. There would be no direct answers, only things that could be. Things that might come to pass, depending on the choices Ren and Hux made in the here and now. The Knight sighs and slowly eases himself out of the trance. He's sweating and shaking a bit from the exertion and for all his efforts, has no better idea of what to do. He leans back against the wall and sighs again. For all the hurt that Hux has caused him to feel, does he truly wish to see the General fail? Does he truly wish for the red head to die by Snoke's hand? No. Hux should have reported him, had Ren killed if he couldn't have done it himself. Yet he did not, under the guise of repaying a life debt. No life debt was worth sacrificing the mission of the entire First Order. Ren frowned, trying to put the pieces together. There were too many holes, Hux's reasoning didn't make sense. He was afraid, but angry, trying to save Ren, but almost killing him, loving him yet pushing him away. It was too complex, too twisted and buried under too many layers to see clearly. Ren needed the truth, the whole truth. But he might have lost his chance to get it. Ren might have lost Hux entirely to his blind rage and desire to hurt the other like he had been. They might already be started down a path that they couldn't return from. One that offered no salvation for either of them. Ren closed his eyes once more, reaching out with the Force, he focused on the General. Hux hadn't moved from where Ren had last envisioned him and the Knight stretched his hand out, gently running in down the General's back in a gesture of comfort. He watched as Hux startled, pushing himself up, looking for the source of the touch. Ren touches the General again, this time cupping his face, whispering fingers along the bruises he's left and brushing untidy red hair back from Hux's face. The General whimpers, his eyes closing as he trembles and leans into that invisible touch. He whispers one word: "Kylo." "Sleep now," Ren murmurs and brings darkness to the General's mind. --- Hux glanced at the figure loitering nearby. Ren had developed a sudden interest in the training tests Hux was conducting and had taken to making his presence known as the troops executed various formations and Hux worked out different methods of attack. It was distracting to the troopers to say the least, their performance suffered for it and no amount of Hux or Phasma redirecting them seemed to help. So when the Knight showed up for a third evening of sulking around the simulation room Hux confronted him. "You either participate with us, or you leave. I do not have time for your games," Hux told the masked Knight. He did not have the energy nor time to dedicate to someone who wished him dead and wanted to toy with him all the way to the gallows. The precious little sleep the General was getting was restless, punctuated by nightmares and the lingering sensation of Ren's touch, and Hux was certain that the latter was the Knight actively working to him to the brink of madness. A final send off gift before Hux inevitably failed the impossible task set before him. Yet Hux didn't think that Ren was petty enough to actively sabotage the training, especially with Phasma involved in it; the Knight's lack of awareness to the impact he had on the troopers was frustrating. That or he simply didn't care. Hux had time for neither and fully expected this to evolve into a full blown confrontation with the Knight and was surprised to see Ren nod his masked head in acquiesce and move to stand next to Phasma. "Please continue, General." --- In the following days Ren proved to be a surprisingly good listener and a fast learner, something that made Hux question if it was really Kylo Ren under that mask. Ren, who was stubborn and aggressive and argued with everything Hux had ever said at every opportunity, was actually paying attention and was actually following orders, quite possibly for the first time ever. While he might not have had the inherent gift for tactics that Hux did, once shown a plan or formation he committed it to memory. It took the troopers some getting used to taking orders from the Knight, Ren for all his intimidating intensity did not bark orders like Hux did, or snap them like Phasma. Once given a plan to follow, the Knight guided his troops using a combination of hand gestures and short, lowly spoken words. The Knight struggled, briefly, with adapting battle plans to changes during combat, but once he started to think of the troopers as an extension of himself, his performance improved. If they had still been lovers, Hux might have been proud of him. Might have kissed him once they were alone and praised him. But they weren't and the General was careful to keep his distance and keep his words and actions entirely neutral. Hux started to make them lead small groups of troopers against each other in mock battles instead of against the simulations. Then he added the simulations in as well to give the effect of fighting against overwhelming forces. He was careful to make sure that he and Ren never went against each other, sending the Knight against simulations or against Phasma. Phasma had no issue ordering her troops to retreat or fall back to adapt a new tactic and regroup, Ren however continued to get caught up in the battle and would end up with his troops and himself neutralized. "We have a finite amount of troopers Ren," Hux told him for the eleventh time. "When you take command for them /you/ are responsible for them! They are not Force-users, they cannot pull themselves out of situations like you can, you must be accountable for them!" Amazingly Ren did not argue the matter. It was strange to have the Knight actually cooperating, but Hux was not going to question it. He didn't know nor care about the reasoning behind the Knight's actions, all that mattered was that it was getting done. Then Ren had approached him. "I want to take my troopers against you and yours tonight." "No," Hux didn't look up from the console as he typed in additions to the simulation program. "Why not?" "Do I need a reason? The answer is no and that's final," Hux said firmly. He did not need to go to battle against Kylo Ren, who knew where that would lead? Hux actually had a very good idea of what might happen, and he wanted to avoid it at all costs. They had been too drawn to each other through violence in the past, and he did not want to end up in a compromising position. Hux had been so careful to cut himself off after their last dreadful confrontation, to surrender all remaining hopes of anything even vaguely amicable, let alone beneficial between himself and the Knight. Yet Ren had been training with them for two weeks, the last thing Hux had expected honestly. There had been no violent outbursts, nothing had been broken and no one else had been strangled. The bruises on Hux's face had finally faded, and it only reminded him that the time Snoke had given him to complete this task was half up. He didn't have time to entertain the Knight's ego. "You're afraid I'll win aren't you?" Hux snorted, he knew better then to take that school yard bait. "In your dreams, Ren." "Coward." Hux rolled his eyes and sighed heavily. He was going to regret this; he didn't know Ren's game, but he also didn't want the Knight to needle at him. "Fine. One match." They took their troopers to opposite sides of the room, Phasma and her group of troopers watched with interest from the sidelines. For added difficulty Hux had included a battle simulation as well. In an instant the air was thick with blaster fire. Ren was the aggressor, he always was, directing the troops in small, fast blitzes against where Hux and his troops held their position. Hux had his troops fall back and split apart, separating into three smaller groups. One group held their ground to bait the simulated holograms and Ren while the other two circled around Ren's attacking Force, taking out the holograms as they went so as not to be trapped between the two. The Knight sensed this and pulled his troops back, deflecting blaster fire with his lightsaber and sending Hux's troops flying backwards with a burst of Force energy. However he had forgotten about the holograms of the simulation and ordered his troops to scatter, but it was too late: Hux's remaining forces closed in on them. It wasn't easy to finish Ren's troops, especially as the Knight kept deflecting the blaster bolts. But soon Ren stood alone. The General had taken his share of losses as well and the two men faced each other, alone on the simulated battlefield. "You're still getting too distracted," Hux put his blaster in its holster. "But not bad. Good match." He turned to go back to the console when Ren growled behind him. "We're not finished, General." "Ren you have no troops left, neither do I, we're finished," Hux kept walking, and then Ren was in front of him, lightsaber held dangerously close to Hux's face. "I said: we're not finished," the Knight's voice was a tight hiss and Hux glared at him. "Ren-" He was forced to jump backwards as the Knight lunged at him with the lightsaber. Hux scrambled, pulling his blaster and firing it, knowing it was pointless. Ren blocked every last shot, lunging forward again, his lightsaber cutting the blaster clean in half before he Force threw Hux backwards. The General landed with a grunt, quickly rolling out of the way as Ren attacked him again, the lightsaber sparking against the metal floor of the simulation room. The troopers that were recovering from being stunned were limping and scrambling out of the way of the two men and Hux continued to evade Ren's strikes. 'He's toying with me,' Hux realized. If Ren wanted to he could have simply Force held the General down and ended it with a quick, vicious swipe of his lightsaber. So why the game? Unless that was the point? Was this something Snoke had devised? Had Ren told his Master about ... their arrangement? A thousand panicked thoughts filled Hux's mind as he and Ren moved in this strange dance around the simulation room. Ren grabs him by the throat with the Force, lifting him up and throwing him, this time Hux hits a wall and the world spins. As Ren looms over him Hux sees his salvation and as the Knight brings the lightsaber down the General darts for it. His fingers close around the cold metal of the carbine and Hux jumps to his feet. As Ren whirls to attack him again Hux slams the butt of the heavy gun into the Knight's masked face as hard as he can. There is the sound of metal and plastic cracking and Ren staggers from the blow. Hux strikes him again, and again. He aims blow after blow to the face of the mask, driving Ren back until finally the face of it breaks away completely and falls to the ground. A stunned silence follows as he and Ren pant for breath. Then the Knight pulls off what is left of his ruined helmet and lets it fall to the ground and straightens to face Hux. It is the calmest the General can ever remember seeing him. Ren deactivates his lightsaber and Hux slowly lowers the carbine. "Satisfied now?" he huffs at the younger man. This was unnecessary. Childish. And Ren was doing this in front of the troops! "Hardly." Ren lunges at Hux, using the Force to tear the gun from the red head's grip, forcing Hux to face his with only his fists. For a moment it's like they have picked up where they left off weeks ago. Hux meets Ren's strikes, blocking and delivering his own, careful not to get entrapped by the Knight. It's a dance they both know so well, it is habitual, comfortable. They fall into the violence that drew them together in the first place and within seconds are bloody and panting as both of them refuse to give ground. This is how they're meant to be, two opposing forces, lashing out in pure, unadulterated violence. It gives Hux a high that he can't get anywhere else, not even shooting his way through a simulation. Nothing is quite as potent as when he and Ren clash. Nothing makes him feel more alive. He has missed this exchange between them and, as he realizes this, Hux knows it cannot continue. It cannot last. He can't let it. No matter how badly he might want it to. He feels the Knight reaching out to him, touching his mind through the Force, whispering words that are indistinct and hazy through the adrenaline and pain. Hux lunges, getting close to Ren and head butts the Knight as hard as he can and the words in his head cease as the Force-user staggers backwards. Ren recovers and lunges at him, grabbing him and Hux kicks at him, grunting with effort as he struggles to not get taken down. The sound of a blaster being fired twice in quick succession echoes through the simulation room and Ren and Hux tumble to the ground. Hux realizes that their legs have been stunned and he comes back to reality, to the fact that he and Ren have been all out brawling in front of their troops. Phasma is stalking over to both of them, her chrome armor reflecting in the dim light. "Apologies sirs, it would seem that my blaster mysteriously misfired twice in a row," she says as she helps them both to their feet, making sure to bodily place herself between the General and Knight, least they start to fight again. Hux wobbles, stomping his stunned leg against the ground to get the sensation back into it and hears the Captain hiss at them so the troopers can't hear: "Would you two mind not killing each other in front of the troops?" Ren smirks at her through his bloodied face and Hux can hear the Captain's sigh through her helmet's filter as she mutters something that sounds suspiciously like 'stupid fucking boys' under her breath. Hux chooses to not acknowledge her words and once he is sure of his footing approaches their troops. He can spin this demonstration into a tactical lesson, but as the adrenaline fades he finds that he can barely stand and his body is aching from where Ren has hit him. Behind him Phasma is still speaking to Ren, and Hux pays them no mind as he dismisses the troopers. At least he managed to hold his own somewhat, he didn't get entirely disgraced, which is a plus. Let the troopers at least know that their General has some idea of how to fight. Phasma comes up to him and says something, he isn't sure what; his head is pounding from where Ren's foot had connected with the side of it one too many times. Hux dismisses her as well as he limps over to the console and types in a few commands to shut the machine down. Ren is gathering up the parts of his helmet from the floor and examining it, and Hux leaves him to it. He wants to shower, wants to sleep, but there isn't time. As more hours and days tick by, he becomes painfully aware of the looming deadline Snoke has set for him. There is a locker room, complete with showers attached to the simulation room, rarely used just like the rooms themselves. He could shower there, instead of going back to his quarters, at least get the blood off himself and then get back to work. Yes, yes, that would save some time. Hux isn't sure where Ren has gone, and he doesn't really care either, he just puts one foot in front of the other until he makes it to the locker room. Once there he strips off his clothes without ceremony and drops them into a pile on a bench before turning the handles of the nearest shower faucet to HOT. The pipes squeal and then a spray of water comes from the shower head. It's icy cold at first, shocking away any tiredness that was teasing at Hux's mind. There's a yellow cake of soap, dusty from years of disuse, Hux picks it up and works it into a lather between his hands. Footsteps echo on the tile behind him and Hux ignores them as he washes blood off his face and hands, the water finally turning warm. He focuses on the water running over his face, letting it drown out everything else. Hux feels the touch of a gloved hand on the small of his back. He turns and it all goes to hell. Ren pulls the General out of the spray of the shower and kisses him. The motion fraught with hunger and the undercurrent of the violence that has just passed between them. He feels Hux resist briefly and pushes him back through the water and presses him against the tiled wall. Hux's hands tangle in his hair as the shower soaks both of them. Their motions are frantic, starved for touch, for contact. Ren wraps his arms around Hux's waist and lifts the leaner man up, Hux wraps his legs around the Knight's waist, holding him tightly as their hips grind together. Logic and sanity leave them and all that matters in that moment is touch. Giving in to the neglected desire, giving in to need. They're both creatures of violence, Ren has realized. They need the violence like other people need air. Their pain, it has formed them, twisted them into who they are. In their corrupted and confused affection they completed each other. Ren doesn't want to give that up, he doesn't want to those visions of Hux dying to come true. For all the anger Ren has felt, all the pain the General has caused him, Hux is the only one who has reached out to Ren. Hux, for all his tightly contained control, dark secrets and violent desires, has held Ren like he is a precious crystal, like the Knight is his greatest treasure. Only to dash him to the ground. That is their flaw, their secrets that choke them, and yet they act like their lips are sewn shut, unwilling or incapable of sharing their hurt. They are broken and chaotic and yet Ren wants no one else. He has no idea how to fix it, but he wants to, he needs to because if he doesn't he feels like part of his own soul will be lost forever. So he lashes out, because violence is familiar to both of them, because violence is safer than delicate kisses. This was the only way to reach out to Hux, to grab his attention. The Knight can feel the General's body shake under his hands as they kiss and Hux's guard crumbles, allowing his thoughts to be unfiltered. 'Cruel. You are cruel, Ren. You will shatter me. I'm already dead.' Ren pulls out of the biting kiss they've been exchanging, panting as Hux's head rests back against the wall, his eyes tightly shut. The Knight can read the conflict that crosses Hux's face. Can see how much he needs, how much he wants, and yet the mistrust, the pain threatens to overwhelm him. Ren captures his lips again, the motions gentler this time and something that sounds like a sob comes from Hux. 'You torment me. Torture me. You who wants me to die and kisses me so sweetly. I can't do this. I can't play this game. Just kill me. Kill me,' Hux's thoughts pour from him, uninhibited as his body strains against Ren's. "Are you afraid?" Ren whispers between their kisses and he feels Hux's arms tighten around him. "Yes," the word is so soft that it is almost lost in the sound of the running water and Ren feels the wash of very real fear come from the General. The agony of mistrust. "Don't be," Ren breathes in his ear as they rut against each other. "Don't be." He groans as any semblance of composure deserts them. Ren moves a hand to grip Hux's hips and grinds against them as Hux writes at the rough fabric against his cock. One hand traces over the barely healed scar from the blaster wound on Hux's side, pressing in on it and the General cries out, a broken noise leaving him, his entire body tensing as his release spills between them. Hux's thoughts fall silent as his body quakes from the intensity of his surrender and Ren focuses on kissing him as the Knight lets his hand fall from Hux's side in favor of palming himself through the fabric of his pants. He buries his face against Hux's shoulder, gasping he cums, breathing the wet, bloody smell that is Hux . They've both neglected themselves in different ways, working through the torment of the past weeks. Hux has felt it, Ren knows, the loneliness that threatens to consume them in the darkness. They don't move now, Ren's arms trembling as he supports the General, afraid to let go of him. Hux's body has changed, the softness that had been there has been replaced by lean muscle from the General's long hours of training. His arms and shoulders are harder, muscled and tense from bracing against the recoil of blasters and running with the heavier guns. Ren wants to hold him forever, to kiss him and fix what they've broken. "Put me down Ren," Hux voice is filled with self-loathing, and he's broadcasting again. The ferocity of his self-hatred is staggering and slowly Ren lowers him back to the ground. Hux wobbles unsteadily for a moment, leaning against the wall, determinedly not looking at Ren. 'Stupid idiot. Weak. Pathetic. To give in like that. Fucking desperate. It'll happen all over again. You'll end up just like you did with Le-' "Stop it," Ren says softly and Hux looks at him with a sharp intake of breath. "You're broadcasting," the Knight says apologetically. "What do you care?" 'You who would wish me dead?' "What game is this Ren?" Hux straightens as best he can. 'We can never go back to what we were, so why try? Why torment ourselves? Why haunt me?' "I ... " Ren sighs. He is not good at this, he hates talking. The words never feel right. They're always wrong, always ruin everything. They make everything hurt so much worse. But Ren wants to try, he has to try! "I didn't mean what I said." The words sound juvenile and weak, Hux looks away from him again. Again a wave of conflict moves through the red head and Ren can't tell if Hux is meaning to broadcast his thoughts or if he's simply too tired to try and hide them. 'Yes you did. You were right, you were so right Ren. You will take me apart piece by piece for your Master's glory. To shame me and show him how pathetic I am.' "I can't trust you," Hux finally whispers. "You did once," Ren shoots back and feels a shudder of pain go through Hux as the General's thoughts escape him. The blaster wound bothers him still, and he's long since stopped taking the pain medication, it made the nightmares worse. The wound is a constant reminder to the General that he is responsible for everything that had gone wrong. If he had listened to Ren, if he had been more aware, a plethora of 'should have's and 'could have been's and at the center of all of Hux's thoughts was the Knight. "I can't." 'It'll happen all over again. I am too tired for this game. Too tired, too broken to fight.' "We don't have to be broken, Hux," Ren pleads with him. "Why do you care?" Hux's words finally match up with his thoughts. Suspicious, and tired. "Why does it matter to you? You didn't care before, you didn't want to listen, why start now?" "I was upset, you fucking tore me apart from the inside. What you accused me of.. What you said to me ..." Ren crossed his arms to hide how he had started shaking. Surely Hux wasn't this dense? "You have the one person you care about more than anything in the entire Galaxy, the person you would leave your family for, hold a gun to your head. Typically that tends to upset people," Ren huffs at him, his frustration building. They are getting nowhere, much to the Knight's dismay. How could Hux not understand how devastating that had been? How could he have so little empathy? "How would you have reacted?" Hux stares at him for a moment and then turns away, back to the still running hot water of the shower and rinses the sticky white mess off himself. Without another word he turns the water off and goes to the bench where he'd deposited his clothing and starts to pull it on. His thoughts are oddly closed off to the Knight. "Hux." The General ignores him, pulling sweaty pants back on. "Hux!" The General keeps ignoring him, pulling on his bloody shirt and then his socks and boots. "Listen to me damn you!' Ren grabs his arm and forces the General to face him. They stare at each other and the Knight realizes Hux is trembling. "Let me go Ren. We can't keep doing this." "We? Or you?" Ren shoots back at him and Hux pulls himself away from Ren, the Knight lets him go. Hux looks back at him, and Ren sees the complete heartbreak in his eyes, can hear the pained and confused thoughts, for just two weeks ago Ren had cursed him for failure and death. Desperately Ren wishes he could turn back time itself. That he could undo everything, that he could fix this somehow. But he can't, he knows even before Hux speaks, that they can't. They will never go back to being what they once were. It is just as much Ren's fault as it is Hux's, too many secrets, too much fear, not enough trust. "We were too broken to start with, Ren. We were holding the shattered pieces together with tape and glue. It was always bound to collapse, one way or the other. You deserve better than a dead, heartless monster. I'm so sorry Kylo, for everything," Hux pulls the Knight back to him and places that same, soft not-kiss on his lips as he had two weeks ago after Ren had wished him dead. Then Hux takes a step back from him. "In the interest of our professional relationship, let's not have this discussion again, I believe we have said all there is to say. Good night, Lord Ren." His words are not spoken unkindly, but they burn like a brand all the same. Ren watches Hux limp out of the locker room, feels the whirlwind of exhaustion, sadness and the great pain that comes with saudade , the longing for lost love, trail after the General. Then he is alone. "If you're a monster, then what does that make me?" Ren asks the empty room. --- For the first time weeks, Hux collapses on his own bed. His head is swimming, his limbs ache and he will have bruises on his face tomorrow. But none of that holds the faintest glow light to the ache in his chest that makes him want to tear his chest open. He wants to sleep, but the ache is too strong. With a grunt he pushes himself up and reaches into the drawer of his bedside dresser. The pill bottle is still there. There were still a few left, it would be enough to make the pain go away. He swallowed the last three pills dry and collapsed back on the bed, rubbing a hand over his face, wincing as he finds tender spots from where Ren had landed blows on his face. Every single one was deserved. Hux rolls onto his side and darkness consumes him. --- "Are you prepared?" "Yes, Sir." Hux stands before his father and a small committee of other officers, the heads of the school. It's not the first time Hux wishes that he was testing in any other area besides leadership. He hates that word. He hates that more often than not it doesn't mean leading, but crushing those around you. It means doing what is necessary for the glory of the Old Empire and the First Order. Hux hates it. He hates standing before his father and the blank faces of the committee and reciting the answers they want to hear. Hates justifying what they do, the measures they take and their cruel practices. He hates all of it. After today though, he'll never have to do that again. He'll leave the First Order, the Academy and all of this behind. He and Leon will run far, far away from all of this. "We have captured a traitor. They were intent on stealing a ship and fleeing with supplies and sensitive data that would endanger the Academy and all we've worked for." "Have they been interrogated?" Hux takes a deep breath and works to keep himself calm. He can do this one more time. One more time and then he can be free of this. The last time. "There is a holo for you to review," one of the committee members gestures and the blue holo recording appears. Whoever is being interrogated has a hood over their head and there is so much movement that Hux cannot clearly see who it is. He grits his teeth and watches it, studying everything as the interrogators torture the person marked a 'traitor'. Their questions are loaded, they always are, there is no right answer. No answer that will save the person, a boy, Hux realizes as he hears the person in question scream and beg. Telling them that he doesn't know anything. The Academy's interrogation techniques are as ancient as they are horrific, something that you would be hard pressed to find, even on the Outer Rim planets. Things no civilized being would do. The beatings aren't the worst of it, the electrocution and injections of drugs to toy with the senses and pry answers from the traitor's lips. They break bones, pull out nails until the interrogatee slumps, unconscious. Hux realizes he's breathing hard, sweating anxiously, as he watches it all unfold in front of him. Interrogation horrifies him, and thankfully that job will never fall to him, that is below a commander's position. The man in holo is moaning as he comes back to conscious and Hux looks away from the display. "Enough." The holo cuts off. "Have you reached a decision?" His father leans forward, looking expectantly at him. "I have," Hux raises his chin, he must not tremble. Must not blink. Must not show weakness. There is only one option. It is always the same. "He must be executed. Immediately. If he has collaborators or people expecting to receive information from him then he may be missed. We cannot risk the security of the Academy, he must be silenced." The members of the committee stare at him, and Hux stares back. Finally his father speaks. "You know what must be done then." "Yes, Sir." It takes every fiber of his being to walk out of the room with the committee. To not flinch away from them. Hux keeps his blank mask in place. Almost over. It is almost over. At least, he hopes, he can make this quick for whoever is unfortunate enough to be branded a 'traitor'. He can make this clean. Hux is good at that. They go down the hall and out of the building, through three security check points and into another building. Hux feels his heart racing, he's dangerously close to hyperventilating and it takes monumental effort to breathe slowly and evenly. They pass through four more check points and then the committee splits off from him, going into the viewing room, where they will watch him execute the traitor. Hux stands outside the door to the room where the unfortunate soul is. He reaches out and turns the handle, pushing the door open and steps into the room. There are two guards in the room, both armed, there is one central camera and the window that separates the viewers from the execution is currently hidden from view by a curtain. The traitor is shackled to a chair in the center of the room, the black hood still over his head. One of the guards hands Hux a blaster. He takes it, slipping the safety off and approaches the man. "I would see the man that would dare betray us," Hux says to the guards and one of them pulls the hood off the restrained figure. Hux's heart stops. Leon. Leon is the one bound in the chair, the one tortured. That had to mean then ... That his father had found out. His father knew! He knew that they had planned to escape, to run! The holo had not been pre-recorded, it had all be happening, in real time. Hux feels his hands shaking and wants to run from the room, wants to scream and vomit. But he can't. Leon blinks at the sudden light and see him, offering Hux a bloody smile. A smile that says 'I didn't tell them anything.' Hux feels his heart swell, his lover has not revealed Hux, has not told them anything. Someone else then, one of their contacts had betrayed them. It doesn't matter who, all that matters now is that they escape. Hux takes a deep breath and slowly lets it out. He knows what to do now. "Sir," one of the guards is speaking to him. "Are you ready to begin?" "Yes," Hux's voice is barely a whisper and he moves, powered by adrenaline and rage and hope he moves. He shoots out the camera, and turns, firing on the two guards. They fall to the ground, dead. Hux runs to the control panel and slams his hand down on the release from Leon's restraints. "Hux," Leon whispers. "Wha-" "No time!" Hux moves to grab his lover's hand and feels the broken bones grind under his touch and instead grabs Leon's elbow. "We have to run! Now!" He pulls the taller boy to his feet. Leon staggers, but remains upright. They have precious few seconds before someone sounds the alarm, if it hasn't already gone off. "Run!" Hux tells him. They burst out of the room and Hux shoots the control panel that allows access to the viewing room. That will keep his father and the committee trapped for a few minutes at least. Then they're racing down the hall. Leon is staggering, tripping and bleeding everywhere, but he manages to keep up with Hux. They race through corridors, Hux firing off shots at guards as they race through check points, dropping each one to the ground, dead. The alarm is screeching overhead. They exit the building and Hux doesn't hesitate, he opens fire on the guards at the gate and then at the gate itself. He kicks the gate open as they run at it. Someone is firing at them now and a blaster bolt nicks Hux's shoulder. He doesn't even feel it. All that matters is running. Escaping. "Keep running!" he yells at Leon, as they sprint for the next check point amidst the hail of blaster fire. Second check point. Five guards dead. Third check point. Seven guards dead. "Last one! Come on! Come on! Don't give up!" Hux is all but dragging Leon. The taller boy's wounds are slowing them down. But Hux will be damned if he leaves his lover behind. They're close now! So close! Their ship is nearby, hidden in a glade. They just have to make it there. They just have to escape. The final gate gives way as Hux slams his shoulder into it and the metal path between buildings gives way to grass. They're running for all they're worth through the field that separates them from the glade, from the ship they've procured. From freedom. Leon falls and Hux skids to a stop, turning back for him and pulling him to his feet. "We're almost there! Don't give up on me!" Hux pulls the other boy's arm over his shoulder, supporting him as he limps along. They're nearly to the glade when an explosion rips through the trees. Hux and Leon are blown back from the force of the shock wave. "No!" Hux screams in frustration. Their ship! Their way out! Frantically he turns looking for Leon, they have to keep moving! There is the sound of a blaster safety sliding off and Hux looks up. Leon stands above him, holding the gun at his head. "Leon what-" "This was doomed from the start, didn't you know?" the older boy sneers at him. "What? What are you talking about?" "Oh come on Hux, didn't you think it was awfully convenient that I had all these connections. That we were able to secure all the supplies we needed, that we were even able to get as far as we did? Surly you aren't that stupid are you?" Leon pulls his hand back and strikes Hux across the face with the barrel of the blaster. Hux cries out, looking back at him. No. No, no, no. "You betrayed me," he whispers. Leon. Leon who he had loved, who he had trusted! Who had been by his side for two years. The older boy shakes his head. "I was never yours to begin with. Your father recruited me, ensured that completing this mission would guarantee my place as a General in the First Order." "How could you?" Leon laughs at Hux's expression. "What? You thought, you honestly though YOU would be General? You soft, pathetic piece of shit! Hux you don't have the fucking balls to lead the First Order. I wouldn't even let you be head of the sanitation department." Hux stares at him. A lie. All of it. Every word. Every kiss. Purposely planted by his father to destroy him. Hux can't process it, can't accept it. This can't be right. There's no way. Not after everything... Leon kicks him as he tries to stand, placing a foot on his chest to keep him down as he levels the blaster at Hux's head. "You were a nice lay though, have to give you credit for that Hux." "Leon, please don't!" Hux is clawing at the foot pressed against his chest. Twisting and thrashing and trying to get free. To do anything he can to save himself. This has to be a dream! A terrible nightmare! "Please! Don't do this! "Sorry Hux, I want to be General. Can't have a bleeding heart like you in charge," Leon pulls the trigger and the blaster fires. The sound is loud in Hux's ears, making them ring from the proximity of the shot. It takes him a second to realize what has happened: Leon has missed. Hux could almost laugh. His lover for all his skill in logistics and computers, is a terrible shot, one of the worst in the Academy. He has missed Hux at point blank range. Hux surges forward then, sending Leon tumbling backwards as he knocks him off balance. Hux lunges at him. They grapple, struggling for power, for the blaster. Hux is screaming at him in a language he doesn't remember knowing, tears are falling from his face and he hits Leon with one hand. This stuns the other boy, not expecting the blow. Hux hits him again, and again. His fist is made wrong and something snaps in his hand, forcing him to stop and stare down at the other boy as he pulls the blaster from him. "I loved you!" Hux screams at him. "How could you?" Leon groans under him and Hux strikes him with the blaster. "You liar! You traitor! You fucking betrayed me!" His lover offers no response. Hux pushes himself to his feet and aims the blaster at Leon's head. His hands aren't shaking and for the first time all day, he feels calm. His finger moves to the trigger. Hux stands there, his arm trembling, his face bleeding, as he stares at his unconscious lover. No, Leon had never been a lover. Just another test. Another game. But telling himself that didn't make it easier. It didn't lessen the pain, or return the time they'd spent together in each other's arms. It didn't nullify all the feels that Hux had in his heart. "Goodbye, Leon," Hux whispers as he pulls the trigger. He doesn't miss. His father and the committee find him there, standing over Leon's body. Hux is taken for his own interrogation. He doesn't remember what he tells them, only that they believe his words because he believes them. When he is finally released into his father's custody, Brendol Hux says nothing to him and simply hands him a bottle of whiskey. "You aren't useless after all it would seem," the older Hux says in small amazement. "Pack your things. You leave tomorrow. Two years service with the Order before your final placement. Do not disappoint me." --- Hux jerks awake, screaming. He's tangled in his bedding and has sweat through his clothes. He thrashes against the twisted sheets and then crashes to the floor. Hux lays there, back pressed against the cold metal of the floor, coming back to reality. Reality is little better than nightmares though. He untangles himself and staggers to the bathroom where he splashes water on his face. He can't sleep anymore, he doesn't want to be reminded of the past. There is too much work to do, too much at stake. --- Ren had stopped going to the evening training. His interactions with Hux having faded to a minimum. But when they did encounter each other there was no shouting, no arguing and nothing got broken. It was unsettling, as if even the violence that had initially drawn them to each other had suddenly dissipated. They had moved on from it, moved beyond it and what they had once been. In place of that, something even stranger grew between them. It was a calmness, a bizarre sort of professional companionship. If it stemmed from Hux's exhaustion or the Knight's grudgingly given respect for his tactical abilities remained unclear. There was still a connection there. Not as potent and sometimes barely even detectable, but there was still one. If he stood too close to Hux, Ren could feel it ripple through the General, like plucking a bow string. It made the Knight was to reach out and draw the other man to him and envelop him in the darkness of the Force until he finally snaps and spills the secrets locked away inside him. Why? The question still shrouded to the Knight. He could take the answer, he almost had. And it had left Ren with a sick feeling in his stomach that twisted around inside him like a worm. No, the only way that this would work would be if Hux told him. Ren spent most of his time meditating now, trying to find an answer through the Force. Trying to find some hint or clue as to what to do. Something that would tell him the path to take. But the Force was as unhelpful as always, showing him everything that could happen but giving no hint as to the true path among the infinite routes that could be taken. Things could never go back to the way they were. What was broken between them could never be fixed. But maybe there was a chance for something new to be built. Something else might be capable of growing in the ashes of what was left between them. It was all locked up inside Hux. Hidden away under the General's layers of self-control. Ren is still not satisfied with the half-answers that Hux has given him, although it was now clear that their parting had caused Hux just as much damage as it had Ren. If not more. At least Ren had Phasma; Hux, as Ren had come to find, had no one. The Knight sighed. "Damn it Hux," he whispered to himself. "I wish you would trust me again. What do I have to do?" 'NO!' The voice is so loud, so insistent that it jerks Ren out of his meditation. It is the cry of a small boy. A child. Ren is almost convinced that the child is standing next to him the voice is so loud, so anguished. But Ren is very much alone and there are no children on the old Star Destroyer. At least none that he is aware of. 'No! No! No! Why now? Why here?' Ren unfolds his legs and stands, tilting his helmeted head trying to find the source of the screaming. It is still distinctly a child's voice, a boy. Ren gets the image of a child hiding under his bed from a monster. The child is terrified. 'I hate you! I'll never forgive you! Haven't you done enough? You followed me here?' Ren starts to walk, following the ebb and flow of the thoughts. He is still puzzled as to how a child is able to project so strongly, even more so that there is a child somewhere on the ship and that he didn't pick up on it earlier. It wouldn't have been difficult though, children were small and there were many places on the old ship to hide. His feet lead him to the hanger, troops and droids are moving about, TIE-Fighters are undergoing maintenance and there is nothing unusual. Nothing out of place. 'No. No. No! Damn you! Damn you to hell!' The projection continues and in the mental image the child falls silent, whimpering. Ren scans the hanger, he's close. Then his eyes fall on Hux. The General is standing in his full uniform at parade rest in front of an Epsilon-Class shuttle. From the shuttle steps an older man with red hair that was starting to gray, he stands a few inches taller then Hux and is broader than the General, the breast of his uniform decorated with medals of honor from the Old Empire. The man approaches Hux and the projected image of the child goes from whimpering to screaming . Suddenly Ren has a clear picture of the boy. It's a red haired child with paint under his nails and freckles on his cheeks and nose. The child is Hux, Ren realizes with a shudder. Then that would mean that the other man is ... Commandant Brendol Hux. The similarities between father and son end with the hair, Brendol is everything his son is not: thickly built, tall and hard eyed. The man has an air of cruelty about him and he looks extremely displeased as he starts to speak. Ren is too far away to hear the words, but the air in the hanger suddenly feels toxic. Hux's face doesn't change once, he greets the man with his usual detachment. Although what he's projecting is an entirely different story. Whatever Hux has said to the Commandant it appeases him for the moment as the older man looked like he was about to start screaming. Ren got the distinct impression that he did that a lot and that Hux was good at avoiding it. Father and son start to walk out of the hanger in Ren's direction, Brendol speaking lowly to his son, face contorting into displeasure. Ren moves forward then, it would not do for him to be caught standing awkwardly about. "General," Ren speaks as he comes within range of the two men. "I was unaware we would be playing host to a guest." Hux shoots him a glare and Brendol snorts at him opening his mouth to speak but Hux cuts him off. "Lord Ren, this is Commandant Brendol Hux from the Academy. Commandant, this is Lord Ren," Hux quickly explains. Ren can feel the General's anxiety, his heart racing too fast. "Master of the Knights of Ren." "Hmph," Brendol seems unimpressed. "That shadow organization? You've stooped so low as to associate with those sorts now have you? Disgraceful." "He was referred to my command by the Supreme Leader," Hux tells his father through gritted teeth. "I assure you Commandant, that he is an extremely capable warrior." "Your definition of 'capable' is lacking, just as your so-called 'tactics' are," Brendol frowns. "We will be discussing this at length, do not think that we won't!" "I'm certain we will Commandant," Hux replies stiffly. "You simply cannot do this! It is entirely disgraceful-" Brendol starts. "In private, Commandant!" Hux grits out. "This assignment is not yet in effect among the entirety of the troops." "Oh good, so you'll only ruin a handful of them. Thank the Maker for that." Brendol Hux starts walking again. Hux sighs, giving Ren a curt nod and then has to jog slightly to catch up to his father. Ren watches them go and gets the image of the child again. The child in Hux's mind, that is Hux himself, hiding under the bed. Wide green eyes peer up at him and a small voice whispers to him. 'Help me.' --- "How long is he going to be here?" Phasma asks Hux in a low voice. "I don't know. Just try to ignore him," Hux is deliberately not looking at his father as the man supervises their evening training session. "I don't like him, he scares the troops." "I thought only Ren could do that." "Ren is different. Ren isn't cruel, the Commandant is." The Commandant is remarkably intrusive during the training session. However as soon as Phasma and her troopers have left he descends on Hux. "Have you lost your mind? These aren't tactics! These are a child's game! Chaotic! Unorganized!" "And the Old Empire relied too much on order," Hux tells him, keeping his voice level as he types things into the console. "They became predictable." "The Old Empire knew how to control the masses! Their tactics worked!" "The Old Empire became bankrupted by building two massive Death Stars instead of maintaining their armed forces!" Hux snapped. "They controlled the masses through fear and intimidation! It is a small wonder the Rebellion won favor with the people!" Hux knew he'd gone too far then. His father backhands him hard enough to make him stagger. It stings, but he isn't bleeding. His father isn't as strong as he once was and Hux isn't a small child anymore. The sheer physics of it don't work the way they used to. "You would do well to watch your mouth. I could have you reported for treason." "Treason is different from the truth, you seem to forget that." "You insolent maggot-" Brendol grabs Hux by the front of his shirt. The door to the simulation room slides open and the older man releases Hux. "Am I disturbing something?" Hux has never been more grateful to see the masked and cloaked figure of Kylo Ren in his entire life. "I was under the impression that this training room was available." "We will continue this conversation tomorrow, General ," Brendol hisses at Hux and then stalks passed Ren and out the door. Ren steps inside, letting the door slide shut behind him. Hux looks away from the Knight. "Are you all right?" Ren asks as he approaches the console. Hux nods, but Ren can see him shaking. Careful. He had to be extremely careful with this. "Why is he here?" "Well let me assure you I didn't invite him for father-son day at work," Hux snaps, but the words lack any real bite to them. "He got wind of the assignment given to me. He is rather ... obsessed with the Old Empire's way of doing things," Hux starts to type on the keyboard again. "He does not approve of change, even if it comes directly from the Supreme Leader." "I see." A silence falls between them as Hux focuses on his work. "Did you do it on purpose?" Ren finally asks, throwing caution aside. "Do what?" "A child screaming. Hiding." Hux freezes, his hands hovering above the keyboard. "I... It keeps me calm when I have to face him. My apologies if it disturbed you," Hux chews on the inside of his cheek for a moment, looking uncomfortable. "I will make an effort to not broadcast it as much." "You are afraid of him," Ren points out and Hux closes his eyes, his brow knitting as he presses his lips tightly together. Ren can see the fight going on within the General and for a moment he thinks Hux will break. But the red head pulls from some reserve of stubbornness and pride and does not shatter. But he trembles as he speaks. "I do not want to have this discussion right now." "As you will, General." --- The plans Hux had been developing came to a halt, his concentration entirely shattered by his father's presence. There were no new exercises for the troopers to practice so Hux had them run through different combinations of the ones they'd previously learned, incorporating the simulations as well. The Commandant didn't interfere with the training, but after the sessions ended and Hux was alone typing at the console, he would descend on the younger man. Like clockwork, Ren would interrupt their interaction as it started to get violent, using some excuse about needing to use the training room and Brendol Hux would leave with a scowl. The Knight would linger for a few minutes and then leave as well, letting Hux be alone with his thoughts. The General had made it clear that he was not going to discuss the relationship he had with his father. After the third time though, Hux spoke. "Stay?" It was a single word and Ren considered it, feeling the weight of it. The bit of pride that had been sacrificed for Hux to make the request. "I could use some company, while I work," the General said quickly. 'I don't want him to come back again,' his thoughts betrayed him as he looked at the masked Knight, Ren felt his stomach coil tightly in anger as he catches the thought. "If you don't have matters to attend to that is. I know your training is a priority." 'Please stay.' "I have no plans for the night. What are you working on now?" Ren moves to peer over Hux's shoulder at the console and for a moment he is certain the General is about to collapse. Hux doesn't somehow and launches into talking about the tactical layout on the screen before them. The red head seems almost manic as he speaks and when Ren is this close to him the Knight can practically feel the air vibrating around Hux from the General's tremors. Ren listens, noting that Hux's trembling reduces slightly as he talks but never goes away entirely. His thoughts quiet themselves however and there is a small glow of gratitude in place of the terror and Ren counts that as a victory, however small. --- The Commandant did not limit his very vocal disapproval to just his son, but found fault with everything and everyone on board the old Star Destroyer. Phasma had found Mitaka having a complete mental break down in one of the less often used corridors of the ship after a particularly viscous encounter with the older man on the second day of his being there. Even the Stormtrooper Captain ended up being on the receiving end of Brendol Hux's ire. The only person he did not seem to go after was Ren, if that was because he was smart enough to know not to or simply hadn't found anything to criticize about the Knight yet remained up for debate. When the Commandant was not tormenting the crew, he was in Hux's office, berating the young General. Hux had made sure to keep the privacy filter on the room active, and the door locked. Especially after Phasma had walked in on the end of a heated argument that had been coming to a pinnacle as Brendol had thrown the General's meticulously kept notes in his face and just grabbed Hux by the collar of his uniform and started to shake him. He had only stopped when he had realized that Phasma was there and stormed out of the office. The Stormtrooper Captain and the General had regarded each other silently and after a moment. Hux looked away from her and knelt to pick up his scattered notes. "Did you need something Captain?" "I'll come back later." "Now is perfectly fine," there was a hint of desperation in Hux's voice as he stood, the crumpled papers in his hands, trying to organize them again. So Phasma had stayed, and their conversation had gradually turned idle as Hux worked to salvage his notes. The Commandant had also smashed two of his data pads and as Hux connected them to his own computer to try and salvage the data, Phasma pulled her helmet off, settling herself into a chair across from Hux's desk. "Are you all right?" she asked quietly. Hux glanced at her, a little too quickly, stiffening at the question. "Why would I be anything but?" He returned his attention to the ruined data pads and his computer. "Shall I list the reasons for you?" Phasma countered and she is certain a tremor goes through her superior. She forges ahead. "That man is terrorizing your crew." "That man is my father and head of the Academy." "Did you forget that you outrank him?" Phasma scowls in frustration. "It is more complicated then that," Hux finally looks back at her. "It isn't as simple as pulling rank. If I could've prevented him from ever even coming on board I would have." Phasma sighs and frowns. "When did you get that scar?" Hux suddenly asks her, tilting his head slightly. "Sparring accident two months ago," she had honestly forgotten about the scar that had split her brow and part of her forehead open. It had healed cleanly, leaving only a silver line thanks to Kylo's careful stitching. She had been careful to keep her helmet on when she wasn't in her quarters until the bruises had faded and the stitches had been removed. Hux gives her a doubtful look, and she wonders if he has put it together yet. Although the fact that Hux is even functional at all at this point is something to be impressed by, so she won't fault him for overlooking this. He gives her a detached nod and returns his attention to the computer and silence fills the office. "Kylo's worried about you," Phasma finally says and Hux tenses again. His fingers stop moving over the keyboard and just hover there, trembling. The Captain and the Knight have gone round and round on how to confront Hux about this. There is no easy way, and it is not their fight, but they cannot stand by and do nothing. " I'm worried about you." "I assure you that is not necessary," Hux's voice is tight as he speaks and not very convincing. Phasma regards him for a second and then leans forward, placing one armor gloved hand over her General's. He flinches slightly, but does not pull away from her touch. "You have a crew that respects you and troopers who are loyal to you," she tells him in a low voice. "A wise General would not allow that to go to waste." The Captain pulls away then and stands, replacing her helmet on her head as she takes her leave. "Good night General." --- Hux was hiding. Not that he would admit it if he was questioned about it. It was late and his focus was shot but he was too anxious to sleep and he didn't want chance yet another confrontation with his father. That meant abandoning the familiarity of his office, his quarters and the simulation rooms for a place he seldom frequented, even if that meant he might encounter Kylo Ren. He just desperately needed space. That was all. Time was slipping by, quicker than he'd realized it. His father was steadily chipping away at the few reserves Hux had left and the General felt himself slowly being ground down to nothing. It was earlier that day that Hux had realized, with gut clenching terror, that he would not be ready in the next few weeks to go before the Supreme Leader. The most important and essential parts of his work had been interrupted, and some of it had been destroyed, by his father. If the man was not hounding him, it was his crew and even Phasma was starting to become aggravated by it. Hux closed his eyes, hands gripping the railing that lined the edge of the atrium where it opened up into the windowed expanse of space. He was going to die. He was going to fail and he was going to die. The revelation hit him with staggering force and slowly he sank to his knees, clinging to the railing with a white knuckled grip. His breath came in fast, panicked gulps as he struggled to keep himself from screaming aloud. The enormity of it was crushing and more harrowing than he could have ever expected it would be. To know that death was coming and he could fight it all he wanted but in the end he would be standing before the Supreme Leader and he would be weighed and judged and found wanting. He would die, and if he was exceptionally unlucky, his father would get the privilege of disposing of him. His uniform jacket was suddenly choking him, suffocating and too hot. Hux frantically shrugged it off, letting the black material fall to the floor behind him as he sat back on his heels. As soon as he is free of it, Hux feels himself become lighter, his breathing easier. The short sleeved undershirt he wears beneath the jacket is cooler but doesn't hide the bruises that he has collected on his arms and neck since his father has been on the ship. Hux isn't worried about that now, he just wants to be able to take a breath without feeling constricted. Slowly he opened his eyes, hands falling to his sides to rest on the floor as he sits back on his heels and stared out at the stars that littered the blackness of space around the ship. It is quiet and for the first time in months, the General of the First Order marvels at the beauty of the Galaxy before him. "It's beautiful, isn't it?" A voice brings him back to reality and Hux scrambles to his feet, jacket in hand, turning to find himself face to face with Kylo Ren. The Knight is unmasked, but still an imposing force in his black robes and in that exact moment, far too close to Hux. The General takes a step back, trying to put space between them and finds the railing at his back. Ren, says nothing further, studying him intently. Dark eyes moving over every bruise and Hux feels like a specimen about to be dissected. The more the Knight stares, the colder the atrium feels. Then slowly, the Knight reaches out and his icy fingers brush against a bruise on Hux's neck and Hux looks away from him, fighting to keep his composure. Ren's fingers move, lightly brushing over every bruise that he can see on Hux's neck. Hux's breath catches in his throat, Ren doesn't hurt him, just lightly touching each bruise, acknowledging each one in turn. When his hands move to the General's arms, Hux finally finds his voice. "Stop!" it sounds pathetic, weak, but he can't take this slow humiliation. This scrutiny of his failure and inability. To his surprise, Ren's hands fall away and the Knight lets out a slow, controlled breath. Hux is not the only one struggling for control it would seem. "Has he always done this?" the Knight finally asks, his voice deep with anger. "It doesn't matter," Hux says quickly. "Yes, it does!" Ren snaps, and the atrium grows colder. "It does to me," he adds in a soft tone. "Ren, don't. Don't get involved in this, it has nothing to do with you," Hux starts to pull his jacket back on, desperate to hide the marks. "Nothing... " Ren laughs softly, but the sound is hollow. "It has everything to do with me. And Phasma and every other crew member on this ship. Take some fucking responsibility for yourself and your crew, Hux," Ren snarls. "Because you would know all about responsibility wouldn't you?" Hux shoots back at him. "More than you! You're too busy cowering like a frightened child, crying for your mother!" Ren shouts back at him, furious. Furious that Hux is being hurt so badly and worst of all that he won't lift a finger to help himself. He is too crippled by fear to face his father, just as Ren was, and in many ways still is, of Snoke. His anger is hypocritical, but Ren doesn't care, he's been watching Hux kill himself for months and seeing the red head bruised like this is a breaking point for the Knight. "You leave my mother out of this!" Hux grabs Ren by the front of his robes. "Then stand up for yourself or you'll end up dead like her!" The words seem to stun the General and he falters, hands dropping from Ren's clothing. Then Hux starts to laugh. The sound manic and echoing through the high walls and ceiling of the space. The Knight regards him with concern, perhaps he has pushed too hard, pushed the General too far? "Hux?" "Don't you get it?" Hux laughs, although now it sounds strangely like a sob. "Don't you fucking see? I'm already dead! I was dead from the moment I was given this assignment! My father's presence is just to ensure that I fail! Then he'll kill me at Snoke's command and not think twice!" He takes a few shaky breaths, pulling a hand through his hair. "I'm going to die," he whispered. "Oh Maker, I'm going to die!" Vocalizing it made it so much more awful. Made it a reality. Hux tried to step away from Ren, to get more space, more air. Everything felt like it was closing in on him again. He stumbled and Ren caught him. "Let me go Ren," Hux whispered, pleading with the Knight. "You have to let me go. Let me fall." "No," the Knight was sinking to the ground with him, arms around Hux's chest holding him so his back was against Ren's chest. A sob comes from Hux and he hangs his head. "You don't have to fall Hux," Ren whispers in his ear. "Just reach out your hands, we will catch you." Another sob comes from Hux and it sounds like its being ripped from him. "Please Hux," Ren hesitates, his own heart racing. They're at a precipice again, this time the Knight takes control of their direction. "I don't want to see you die." Those words trigger the dam to release and the General's chest heaves as the cries leave him. Ren lets him, not forcing him to move or face him, but allows the too young General to have this much needed release. Lets him absorb the fact that he isn't alone in this. When Hux finally calms and pulls away, there is a quiet resolution about him. "Ren?" "Yes?" "Will you please be sure to attend the evening training session tomorrow night?" --- "What do you think you're doing?" Brendol Hux's voice was loud in his ears and the General stiffened slightly. "Preparing for the training session. This is a new formation algorithm I found that I believe will work well for our troops." It is ten minutes before the training session. Hux doesn't look at his father, his focus is entirely on his task. "Is it that game that you scrawled notes about? I told you that won't work!" "There is nothing to suggest that it won't." "This is foolishness! You cannot-" "I can and I will!" Hux breaks his eyes away from the console screen to regard his father. His voice is firm, it doesn't shake. "This task was entrusted to me by the Supreme Leader because our current way of doing things is too static. It is archaic and easily circumvented. I will not stand by and have my troops needlessly slaughtered because you and the heads of the Academy feel the need to cling to so some fallacious aesthetic!" It felt so good to say that to the Commandant, who is staring at him like he is insane. Behind them the troopers are coming into the simulation room, trying to ignore the argument that is happening before their eyes. Phasma and Ren enter last, engrossed in conversation behind their masks. Hux doesn't notice them, his focus is on his father, on hoping that his plan works. So far it has, Brendol Hux is on a righteous tirade. "The sacrifices of the willing-" "Needless sacrifice does not win wars!" Hux yells at him. "Needless wasting of troops, throwing their lives away does not gain you anything other than a body count! There is a time and a place for collateral damage, it should be accounted for but it should never be the norm!" "You would dare speak ill of the Old Empire? The Empire that gave you your position and the life you enjoy today? You would profane that? For what? A few nameless Stormtroopers." "I would profane their foolishness. Their carelessness and their pride," Hux sneers. "The Old Empire was corrupted, just as the Republic before it was," Hux spits the words. "Just as the Republic is now. They are all wrong and they are all fools, but you Commandant are the biggest fool of them all. You who refuses to grow, to adapt to change. You who clings to the past as if it is your salvation. There is nothing in the past but dust and ashes, wake up!" "You-" Brendol Hux's hand moves quickly, drawing his blaster. But Hux is younger, faster and has trained with Phasma and Kylo Ren. He grabs his father's wrist, twisting and as the Commandant pulls the trigger the blaster shot is off center and goes past Hux's head, not even singeing his hair. The father and son grapple with the weapon for a few moments. The Commandant strikes Hux in the face with an elbow in an effort to knock him back; Hux's nose is pouring blood but he does not let go of his father's wrist, and digs his fingers into the skin where he knows a pressure point is. The two men remained locked in an intense struggle for power and control until the sound of fifty one blasters and one lightsaber powering up demands their attention. Phasma has her blaster pressed to the Commandant's temple and on the other side of the taller man, Ren's lightsaber is dangerously close to his neck. Flanking them are the fifty Stormtrooper that Hux and Phasma have been working with for the past two and a half months. "Have you all lost your minds?" Brendol Hux growls. "This is treason!" "Not at all Sir ," Phasma's voice comes from behind her mask. "It would be treason if we didn't defend our General." "You can't do this!" "Actually I can," Hux smirks at him, a little hard to do with blood dripping down his face. "This is my ship, these are my troopers and they are loyal to me . Not to you who would throw them away at your fancy." He wrenches the blaster out of his father's hands. "You will not get away with this! I will go to the Supreme Leader!" "And tell him what exactly? That I had you thrown off my ship because you threatened me, terrorized my crew and attempted to sabotage the mission given to me personally by the Supreme Leader himself? Yes, run and tell him that Commandant, I'm certain he'll see the logic in your actions." "You ungrateful-" "I don't answer to you anymore Commandant, or have you forgotten that? You and the Academy heads hold no sway over what happens in the field. You are decrepit and nostalgic for a time long gone, war has changed and the First Order must adapt if we are to succeed. If we continue to cling to the past we too will fall to the pages of history," Hux takes a deep breath, stepping away from his father and casting the blaster aside. "Captain, see to it that the Commandant is escorted off my ship and back to the Academy. Immediately." "Yes Sir." Phasma motions for the troops to accompany her as she drags Brendol Hux out of the simulation room, as he screams threats at his son. A handful of the troopers follow them, the rest look at Hux for further orders as Ren deactivates his lightsaber. "No training tonight," Hux tells them, his heart is racing in in his ears. "But remember what happened here tonight. Remember that loyalty to the First Order has its rewards and they are great. You are dismissed for the evening." The troopers file out in silence, leaving only Ren and Hux in the room. Slowly Ren removes his mask, setting it down on the console and pulls Hux against him. The General collapses into his embrace, hyperventilating. "You did well, my General," Ren murmurs to him, wiping the blood off Hux's face with the corner of his cowl. "You were brave. It was the right thing to do. Just breathe now, just breathe. Its over." --- Except it wasn't over. Hux got the summons a few hours later and when he came to the holo chamber he stood alone before the Supreme Leader. "I have heard that you and the Commandant had a ah, disagreement," Snoke purrs, sounding very pleased with this news. "That is correct Supreme Leader," Hux keeps his voice steady, not elaborating unless asked. "Do you stand by the work you have done these past few months, General?" "I do Supreme Leader. It will take time to implement but I'm certain-" "Go to Chelloa," Snoke speaks over him and Hux's words die on his lips. "Take your troopers and claim Chelloa for the Order. Bring us victory with your work. Show me the fruits of your labor, so we can clearly illustrate a new course for the First Order." "Yes Supreme Leader!" "You have one week to bring me victory, General." Hux's eyes widen. A week? Impossible! There was no way he could- "Is something wrong, General?" "No Supreme Leader. I will not fail you!" "See to it that you do not, General." Snoke's hologram vanishes, and Hux slowly walks back to his office. Once there he collapses in his chair, pulling anxious fingers through his hair as he wracks his brain for a solution. Finally he picks up his comm. "Captain Phasma, I need you and Lord Ren in my office immediately. We have a new assignment from the Supreme Leader." Notes: "Feidhelm" is a Celtic-Irish name, which is pronounced "fail + im" and typically means beauty or ever good. <3 Chapter 9 Notes: Greetings Gentle Reader! Several notes to be aware of this chapter: This fiction is currently disregarding the "Destruction of Chelloa" according to the Expanded Universe/Legends, which I believe Disney threw out the window anyway in early 2014 when they acquired the rights. The song referenced later in this chapter is "Na Laetha Geal M'Oige", performed and composed by Enya off her 1988 album "Watermark". The song in its entirety can be found here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PSWl49h0Q8 Notes for the various translations can be found at the end of the chapter. Please be aware, gentle reader that this chapter contains the following disturbing themes: -abuse -physical violence -depression -apathy towards one's existence/a longing for death As always, I am eternally grateful to my beloved beta reader Ms Jen and to all of you who continue to read, leave comments, make fan art and leave kudos on this piece of work. I had never planned for it to come this far, but somehow it has taken on a life of all its own and it would not have been able to do so had you all not shown the interest in it that you did. So as a writer I am once again humbled and honored that you have chosen to take the time to read this fiction. Thank you, so very much <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The Knight and Captain regard him silently. "Chelloa," Phasma muses, her helmet is sitting on one corner of Hux's desk. "How long do we have to prepare?" "One week," Hux say, unable to keep the pessimism from his voice. Phasma's eyes go wide and she leans back in surprise. "A week? It'll take us three days alone to get to that system!" "I know. We will have to move quickly." "Quickly?" The Captain gives him a look of disbelief and rolls her eyes. "We'll need a damn miracle to pull this off." Hux lets her grumble, he had after all, called them both here at an ungodly hour to tell them this. He will not allow the formality of rank to break the candor between himself and the Captain right now. He needs her if this is to succeed, misgivings, bluntness and all. It would not do to restrict her voice, especially since she will be leading the troopers. Ren however has said nothing this entire time. Instead he sits in the other chair next to Phasma, his own mask still in place. Hux has no idea what the other man is thinking and so he lets the Knight sit in silence. "Do we have any intelligence at all?" Phasma asks Hux and the General shakes his head. "Not yet. I sent out three scouts after I called you two." "So we have no strategy," Phasma ticks off the items on her fingers. "No intelligence, or at least we won't until we are planet side, and we will have to take control of the planet within ninety-six standard hours of reaching its system. Fantastic. I love suicide missions!" The Captain made a displeased face. "We have been working on a strategy. How quickly it can be mass implemented is yet to be seen," Hux explains and Phasma blinks at him incredulously. "With fifty troopers, General. We cannot take a planet with only fifty troopers, that is insanity! And we cannot train the thousands we have on board in three days! This mission is impossible!" "I know it is," Hux tells her, leaning back in his own chair with a sigh. He is silent for a moment before straightening and leaning forward, elbows on his desk and hands clasped together resting in front of him. "That's why I need your help. Both of you. This is the culmination of all our efforts." He looks from Phasma to Ren and the Captain sighs, Ren gives no indication that he's even listening. "If three commanders and fifty troopers can seize a planet with these techniques, imagine what thousands working in concert can do." "Do you think we can do it?" Phasma finally asks him, rubbing the scar on her brow with one gloved hand. "If we are fast, and if we are clever, then yes. Yes, I think we can. Our success will change how the Order trains its troops. It will give us more power and increase our reflectivity. We will not fold as the Old Empire's forces did and we will gain another important foothold for the First Order," Hux tells them with more confidence than he feels. "Ah, that's right, the baradium mines," Phasma snapped her fingers as she recalls the reason for the planet being so essential. Then she frowns. "That will complicate things. Baradium is volatile enough as it is, but raw..." "We will not attack the mines. It would be pointless, dangerous and slow. No, we take their spaceport and then their capital, Jenith," Hux types a few commands into his data pad and a map of the planet springs up. He highlights the spaceport and then Jenith. Phasma's frown deepens. "That's a great deal of distance to cover in a limited amount of time. I assume we're going on foot?" "Yes. The new Walkers we've been developing are not yet tested enough to be deployed. Our scouts will report back the terrain and weapons." "Air support is out of the question then isn't it?" "For us, yes. We want to take hold of this planet without the Resistance or Republic getting wind of it. A full scale assault would only draw attention to us, especially so soon after Nilash." "And what about those who flee the port?" "Then that is what the TIE-Fighters are for. No one leaves the planet without going through them. We cut the planet off." "Do we have enough TIEs for that to be effective? There are only two squadrons." "We'll have to make do with what we have." Twenty-four TIE pilots, not exactly enough for a blockade, not even close. That was also why they had to be fast, to prevent anyone from realizing what was happening. A great deal of this plan was Hux hoping that the backwater planet was still just that and that its main communications would be easily disabled. They were just a mining planet after all, on the Outer Rim, if it weren't for the baradium they would be forgotten entirely. Phasma falls silent, still frowning, turning over things in her head. When she had no further protests, Hux continued. "I will be informing the rest of the officers of this mission tomorrow. I will expect you both to be present for this." "Yes Sir," Phasma says, Ren is still silent and Hux has to wonder if the Knight has fallen asleep. "We will discuss further tactics in the morning then, you are dismissed." Phasma takes her helmet and leaves. Ren however still does not move. Hux glances at him, debating finding something to prod the Knight with. "You know why Snoke's doing this, right?" Ren's deep voice echoes from behind his helmet. "And here I thought you'd slept through the whole meeting," Hux shook his head as he started to type on his data pad, leaving Ren's question unanswered, almost certain that it was rhetorical. "You can't honestly believe that is this all a series of events put in place by what happened on Nilash. Please tell me you're not that complacent," Ren muttered, Hux was almost certain that Ren was rolling his eyes at him behind that mask. "What I believe is of little consequence, all that matters is that I do my job," Hux says through gritted teeth. "That I am successful and lead the Order to victory." "And your father coming here was just a coincidence? Right? For someone so good at battle plans you are remarkably naive about how the real world works," Ren continues, and Hux can hear the Knight sneering at him. "Is there a point to this?" he snaps, finally looking up from his data pad at the Knight. Ren pulls his helmet off and sets it on the corner of the desk. The two men stare at each other from across the desk. Finally Ren moves. Hux remains frozen, fingers hovering above the next keys that he was about to press on his data pad. He waits, eyes watching as the Knight circles around his desk to come and stand next to him. Deftly Ren plucks the tablet out of Hux's grasp and sets it aside. "Ren, I don't have time for this. I have work-" Hux made to reach for the data pad and the Knight caught his wrist, stopping him. The General glares up at him, and jerks back when Ren moves his other hand to reach out and cup Hux's cheek. "Stop," the Knight whispers. There is an unusual amount of emotion behind that word and Hux's expression goes from irritated to confused. "Ren honestly-" "Stop," the Knight is shaking slightly. "And listen." Hux says nothing, biting his tongue, holding his breath and fighting down the old reflexive urge to turn and kiss the hand cupping his face. "Snoke is testing you," Ren breathes. "He is going to push you and push you until you shatter." "I'll just have to make sure that I don't shatter then," Hux replies evenly. Ren shakes his head and the hand resting on Hux's face moves to card through his hair, a gesture of fondness that raises goosebumps all over Hux's skin. "He will kill you if you shatter." "I know," Hux gives the Knight a tired half-smile. "I'm not as naive as you think, I figured it out a while ago," he sighs and then moves his unrestrained hand to stop the one Ren is stroking his hair with. "Why are you telling me this Ren? Why are you trying to help me? You don't have to. Its not your job to ... to worry about me." "I know," Ren's voice is a low rumble as he looks Hux in the eyes. "But I can't let you fall apart." "Why not?" Hux licked his lips, realizing he'd started gnawing at them. His heart was going too fast and Ren is far too close to him. It would be so easy to just fall against the Knight. To collapse into him and cry as he had just hours ago once his father was gone. "You could have let me fall apart entirely, a thousand times already. You have every right to hate me." "Hating you is easy, boring and tiresome," Ren pulls away, breaking their contact. Most of all though, it didn't make the Knight happy. He didn't feel any better if he hated Hux. If he wished the General dead, it only made the pain Ren felt worse. He realizes if Hux dies, a part of himself dies as well. Yet Ren's actions are not driven by self-preservation, but rather a feeling of incompletion. Something he has not found the words to express yet. Hux has ruined him entirely and yet Ren finds that he would not mind it so much if Hux were simply by his side. The General for all his control is in just as much disrepair. If they were ruined together, perhaps it would not be so bad... The Knight wraps his arms around his own torso in a gesture of self-comfort and perches on the edge of Hux's desk. The motion is so familiar and yet so distant. The Knight focuses his attention on the wall, not able to look at Hux as he speaks. "I ... had a vision, through the Force." The General tilts his head, curious, but not interrupting. Ren glances at him, expecting a snide remark, but when Hux offers none the Knight continues. "It showed me... what the future could potentially be. A thousand different paths, a thousand different choices," Ren's voice is reverent. "I saw myself die a thousand different ways. But you, when I saw you die it was different. I heard you scream as you were ripped apart, as you were tortured," his voice breaks and drops to a tight whisper. Hux feels a shiver run through him as Ren speaks "I don't ever want to hear that sound again." He raises glassy eyes to meet Hux's. "I don't want that vision to come to pass. If you shatter, if you break, that is what will happen. Snoke will destroy you in a way that makes the Commandant look kindly. You don't know the full extent of Snoke's power. I do. I know what he has done," Ren's voice breaks again and Hux realizes that the Knight is shaking. "I know what he can do . I don't want that to happen to you Hux." The Knight sniffs slightly and hastily pushes at the corners of his eyes with the heels of his hands. "Kylo," Hux stands, not thinking about his actions. He only knows that Ren is upset, the Knight who was once his is crying because of him. Is worried, because of him. After everything Hux has done. It both moves and terrifies the over-tired and over-worked General. He stands in front of Ren and places both of his hands on the Knight's face, stroking his thumbs gently over Ren's cheek bones and presses his forehead against the Knight's. "Don't. Don't cry Kylo," he whispers. "Not for a monster like me. Never for me." The Knight responds with a soft whimper and wraps his arms around the General, pulling him close and holding him tightly. "If you keep on like you are Hux, you will shatter. He's stacked this test against you." They're in some strange limbo here, caught between apathy and affection, between needing space and wanting closeness. Ren has seen Hux almost destroyed by his own stubbornness and fear, knows about the still purple bruises beneath Hux's uniform. They will never be what they were, the Knight has quietly accepted that. The tape and glue that had held them together in the past has completely eroded, leaving something so much stranger and all the more conflicting in its wake. Something that needs to be put into words, but there isn't time anymore. They've run out of time and spent it all in silence instead of speaking. Now it is too little, too late. "Kylo," Hux's voice pulls the Knight from his thoughts and the Knight looks down at him. Hux's eyes are too bright, and when Ren brings a hand up to stroke his face, tears fall. "Please, don't cry." "You're the one crying, idiot," the Knight retorts. Hux smiles faintly and Ren can see his lip starting to tremble. The General reaches up and brushes away the telltale wetness that is on Ren's cheeks. "When I die," Hux whispers, his own hand going to stroke Ren's hair, mimicking the motion the Knight had made earlier. "Please Kylo, don't cry." A pained noise leaves Ren and abruptly he pulls away, sniffling and brushing his hand against his eyes in an irritated motion. He keeps his back to Hux when the General speaks again. "Get some rest Lord Ren. We have a long week ahead of us if we are to bring Chelloa under the control of the First Order," Hux's voice is steady, if a little hoarse. "You should consider taking your own advice, General," Ren turns back to him; they're both more or less composed now, if not shaky. "Sleep will do you good. You're about to collapse." "That's ironic, coming from the man who sleeps every three days," Hux crosses his arms. "Besides, sleep offers me little peace." "And why is that General?" Ren's voice drops an octave as he asks the question and it makes Hux shiver. "Aside from the brain melting anxiety to perform? The fact that my life hangs in the balance if I fail?" Hux scoffs, a front for how afraid he is. "You're not the only one who was ruined Kylo," he looks away as he admits this. "I fell apart too, I just didn't have the luxury of a mask to hide behind." Ren has to take a step back. He knew of course, had known, but he'd never expected Hux to say it aloud and so honestly. After almost two years of keeping their silence they are finally speaking. And still it feels like it is too late. Hux said nothing further and picked up the data pad he'd been working on, settling himself back in his chair. The Knight realized then, that there would be no further discussion about the matter. "Good night General." "Good night Lord Ren." ---- Kylo Ren couldn't sleep. He had a bad feeling about this. One that he could not shake, no matter how hard he tried. Hux's announcement of the mission to the officers had gone well enough, no one of course was going to argue with an order from the Supreme Leader, even if it meant that their General was personally going into battle. Hux had assigned a handful of lieutenants to be in charge while he was planet side, carefully dividing up the responsibility of command among those most capable. These assignments had been received stoically, as officers of the First Order should. Except for Mitaka, who was an odd choice, Ren thought. He was fairly certain that the younger lieutenant had squeaked in a mix of surprise and terror when Hux had assigned him to be in charge of the firing of old Star Destroyer's cannons. But there had been no time to inquire with Hux about his choices, they were already en route to the system and there was still a great deal of work to do in the three days of hyperspace travel. The fifty Stormtroopers however, had a far more enthusiastic reaction to the announcement of their mission. They were, to their credit, brave and had adapted well to working with him, overcoming their fear and were now eager to prove themselves. Ren almost felt a fondness for the sixteen troopers that he most commonly worked with. A capable mix of men and women who didn't hesitate, loyally throwing themselves into whatever task he might direct them. Hux had directed Ren and Phasma to assign two squad leaders each to either groups and he did the same. In the unfortunate event that they were separated from the troopers in battle, leaders would be required. They spent the rest of the day then running simulations with their squad leaders in command of the troopers. Then they spent all of the second day doing the same. It was grueling, even for Ren, but the troopers had taken it in good spirits and been even happier when Hux told them that the third day was a rest day. Some down time before the mission. "You've grown on them," Phasma had mentioned to Hux after the troopers had filed out of the simulation room. "If only we had the time to train more of them like this." "They will be trained like this from here on out if we're successful," Hux had told her as he typed things into his data pad. "It'll force the heads of the First Order to listen to reason instead of tradition." Ren had sensed the faintest traces of hope in the General's voice as he spoke. Hux seemed to be swinging between complete despair and childish hopefulness about this mission. Ren had sensed it building in him for some time. It had become more pronounced when his father had come aboard the Star Destroyer and even with the man gone, Hux seemed to be struggling to find his center. The Knight sighed, glancing at the woman beside him. Phasma was a rather active sleeper and a blanket hog at that. She was sleeping on her stomach and currently had one arm draped over Ren's chest, as the rest of her body sprawled over the bed. He could wake her, and she would sit up and groggily listen to him anxiously babble about whatever it was that was bothering him. Then she would cradle him against her and rub his back, humming tunelessly until he drifted to sleep. But that wouldn't work now, Ren suspected. The feeling of unease was growing too great to ignore and it made him fidgety. With great care he extracted himself from her grasp and changed into work out clothes, pulling his boots on. Perhaps if he performed a battle meditation in the simulation room that would put him more at ease. That had to be it, they were going into this mission all but blind, that would cause anyone anxiety. And yet the worry was not from within himself, but rather from the Force. It had started to hum like it had before Nilash. Something awful was going to happen. The door to the simulation room slid open and the sound of blaster fire greeted the Knight. Of course Hux would be here now. The Knight reached out through the Force and found that the General's mind was calmer then it had been in weeks, which was something. Ren scanned the room and found the red head, ducking and dodging through a hologram army that Ren had never seen before. This simulation contained not just blaster troopers, but snipers, attack animals and a calvary. The species that were clumped together to form the army didn't make any sense, it was more like something out of a child's play box, but it did demand that the one running the simulation pay attention. Ren's hand rested on the hilt of his lightsaber, watching the General as he skidded behind some cover before popping back up to return fire and slam the butt of the carbine into the face of an incoming nexus before it could claw at him. Hux ran again, abandoning the cover as the giant feline roared and gave chase after him. Ren watched with interest. The General's expression was slightly panicked, but his shots hit their mark as he cleared a path to reach a different stack of boxes to climb in a effort to get out of the way of the animal. The beast was faster than he was and lunged, sending Hux to the ground and the carbine went skidding across the floor. The General flailed and then managed to pull his blaster from its holster on his hip and fired five shots into the creature's face. The nexus faded from sight and Hux ran to retrieve the carbine. He didn't see the sniper taking aim at him. Ren moved, not sure what propelled him forward, but not questioning it. His lightsaber came to life and he was between Hux and the sniper in an instant, the green bolt ricocheting off his lightsaber and going harmlessly to the side. "Ren?" Hux panted, he was sweating heavily, face red from exertion. "I couldn't sleep," the Knight replied with a shrug, moving to block a second shot. "I see," Hux racked back the barrel on the carbine, dropping a fresh charge into the weapon as he fired at an oncoming soldier. "Together then?" Ren nodded in affirmation. They moved in perfect sync. Hux was firing nearly nonstop, swapping the carbine for the hand blaster when the larger gun overheated as they worked their way, back to back, to higher ground. Ren deflecting bolts and cutting down enemies that got too close. But Ren was distractable as always, getting separated from Hux in the fervor of battle. When he finally realized that he was on the opposite side of the room, Hux was nowhere to be seen, the enemies too thick to get through. Then several sharp shots fired and the three closest enemies dropped. "Grab my hand!" Ren looked up behind him. Hux was crouched on the boxes above him and offering him his hand, a large sniper rifle held in the other. Ren took his hand and with a grunt Hux pulled him up. "Higher!" the General panted and Ren followed him up in a frantic scramble to the top. Ren blocked more bolts as they climbed, Hux pausing every few steps to take aim and drop a few creatures that had gotten too close to them. It was the first time, the Knight realized, that they had actually, truly worked together. "Cover me, give me twenty seconds," Hux grunted as he dropped to one knee, the bipod feet of the sniper rifle spreading out as he steadied the gun. "You have ten seconds," Ren told him, Force pushing away another nexus that refused to give up pursuit. "There are too many!" He blocked another blaster bolt, sending it flying back to its origin. A green bolt narrowly missed him and Hux. Ren's eyes found the source of the bolt and pulled the sniper from his nest and threw him to the ground below. He brought his lightsaber up just in time to block an incoming blow from a trooper wielding a stun baton. "Hux! Hurry up!" Ren called back to him as he pushed the trooper back and then ran him through. "Almost .... " Hux murmured, his eye in the scope of the rifle, scanning battle field below them. "Almost...." His hand moved up to the sight, adjusting the top knob just slightly. "Hux! We're going to get overwhelmed!" Ren took a few steps back, trying to get enough space between himself and the oncoming enemies. They were swarming like insects now and he was running out of space to maneuver. "Got you," Hux whispered as he narrowed in on his target and pulled the trigger of the rifle. The shot rings out and suddenly the simulation room is silent. The enemies vanished. "Sorry, that was eleven seconds," Hux panted, as he sat back off his knees, leaning against the wall, the gun resting across his lap. His red hair was slicked against his skull with sweat and Ren knows his own unruly hair is in much the same state. He deactivates his lightsaber and takes a seat next to Hux. They say nothing for a few moments, just trying to catch their breath. "Thank you," Hux says after a time. "For what?" "Stepping in. We... work pretty well together, huh?" the General sounds a little uncertain of himself, as if he's just trying to make conversation and Ren can feel his mind tensing up again. The clarity that was there in battle already deserting him. "I suppose we do. I always forget that the Academy gave you some marksmen training, you're a good shot," Ren glances at Hux out of the side of his eyes. The General's fingers are worrying over the sniper rifle, fiddling with it. "I was the top of my class and the school." "Oh," Ren mused. "But you don't get that good from shooting at paper targets." Hux shook his head. "Live ones." "Live ones? You mean they didn't use holograms or battle droids?" Ren can't deny that he's surprised. He had figured the Academy would have invested in something fancy like the simulations they used on the Star Destroyer. Hux stands up abruptly, leaving the question unanswered and Ren sees his hands shake as he slides the safety back into the "on" position on the rifle and then slings the gun across his back with its carrying strap across his chest. "Hux? "Classmates," the General replies, his hands clenching into fists at his sides, he doesn't look back at the Knight. "We had to shoot our classmates. Weed out the weak, the undedicated, those who would betray us. It was a test our loyalty ," Hux spits the word. "To prove that we had what it took to make the difficult decisions. That we were capable leaders." He falls silent, breathing heavily. Ren can only stare at him, so it was like that. That was what Phasma had meant when she said that the Academy was hell. It wasn't just Brendol Hux, it was the entire curriculum. Ren pushed himself to his feet, mentally filing the information away to reflect on later, he had another piece of the infuriating puzzle that was General Hux. That thought stopped him, he realized he didn't know Hux's first name. It had always just been 'Hux' or 'General', but that wasn't a question to seek the answers to right now. Hux's unease at their conversation was plain, asking after a name could rapidly turn it further southward. While Ren could glean from the General's thoughts that he didn't want to talk about the matter of his 'schooling' anymore, he also, surprisingly, didn't want Ren to leave. The General suddenly turns back to him, pulling his hands through his hair, sending it into further, sweaty disarray. He glances at Ren, a hand resting on the back of his neck, rubbing it slightly. "Come get coffee with me?" 'I don't want to be alone. Not with these thoughts.' The question is so surprising, so startling that Kylo Ren can't quite process it for a moment. A distraction, Hux was asking for a distraction. Ren tilted his head, for comfort, for company. If the General realized it, Ren couldn't tell. "I mean, you don't have to. I don't even know if you like coffee," Hux quickly says looking away, and Ren feels another wave of anxiety from the man. It is almost comical to see the red head so uncharacteristically nervous. Ren feels a smile tug at the corners of his mouth. "Phasma made me start drinking it," the Knight tells him. "And yes ... I think I'd like that. Although I'm not overly fond of the mess hall," he admits. He certainly doesn't want to go there now, sweaty and disheveled from the simulation. "There's an unused officer's lounge on this floor," Hux offers, relief plain on his face and something else ... Ren thinks that it might happiness and suddenly he feels a spark of warmth in his chest. The warning hum of the Force suddenly quiets itself as Ren gives his final answer. "Sure." --- Phasma found them in the lounge a few hours later playing a game of Dejarik. Hux's sniper rifle leaned against the wall in the corner of the room as the General sat with one leg tucked under him contemplating the board layout. The General had been winning, at least until Ren pulled a spectacular move out and now the Knight was smugly sipping at his coffee, which he took black. Hux's coffee was still untouched, he was so focused on the game. The Captain pulled up a chair once she had her own cup of coffee, she was in sweatpants and a black shirt, and watched them play. It was their off-day before the battle after all, and it was nice to see the two stubborn men behaving civilly for the first time in months. Kylo ended up winning three of their five rounds, managing to blindside the General each time and devastate his side of the board. "Are you sure you're not cheating? Not using the Force?" Hux scowled at him as he lost for the last time. "I'm not, I swear it on my honor as a Knight," Ren looked extremely pleased with himself. "Well for someone who struggles with strategy, you're far too good at this," Hux turned off the game and picked up his now cold coffee, he hadn't even touched it. "This isn't strategy, not as you think of it. This is more ... instinct. Reflex," Ren tried to explain. "Besides you said you never played before, so I do have a bit of an advantage. I played this game with my dad all the time ..." the Knight trailed off and looked away. Phasma glanced at Hux, confused, and the General shook his head, this wasn't the time to talk about this. If Phasma didn't know by now, Ren had a reason for keeping his parentage hidden from her. "More coffee?" Hux offered. "Sure," Ren said half heartedly. Hux and Phasma both moved without realizing what the other was doing, each placing a hand on the shoulder of the Knight nearest to them. A camaraderie had formed between the three of them, both General and Captain united under the banner of chaos that was Kylo Ren. The alliance was an uneasy one, built on necessity and shaky trust, but it was undeniably there. Ren blinked in surprise at the contact, looking from the General to the Captain and then slowly relaxed under their touch, accepting the silent gestures comfort. "Thanks," he murmured softly. Hux set a fresh cup of coffee in front of Ren. "I'll see you two in the hanger at 0300. Be ready, we won't get a second chance at this." "Where're you going?" Phasma asked. "To sleep." ---- By the time Hux reached his quarters he was feeling lightheaded. Even so he managed to shower, shivering under the hot spray as he scrubbed away sweat. It felt for a moment like he'd moved beyond exhaustion, broken through the wall that he'd been trapped against for weeks. There were the briefest flashes of extreme clarity and finally the disquiet that had plagued him since Snoke had given him this assignment fell away. There was no more time for doubt, he was confident in the abilities of the soldiers he'd trained and in both Ren and Phasma. They would either succeed or they wouldn't. He turned off the water, noting that his hands were shaking slightly. They had been doing that for a while now, he had managed to hide it well enough, he had to because nothing he did seemed to make them stop. But lately it seemed that the tremors became reduced when he was around the Knight, when they briefly came in contact. When Ren had drawn him close in the atrium, and then again after his father had been escorted away, and allowed Hux to pathetically sob like a frightened child. It had been oddly cleansing to let go of the hurt, to give up control of himself for a few minutes. It felt almost like a religious experience to let go of that closely guarded control. Frightening and yet it had given him strength. How strange that was, that it was those moments of not being in control that had given him the most peace he'd felt in months. Hux let out a shaky breath as he dried off and pulled on a pair of boxers. He didn't want to delve too deeply into that train of thought, it was a distraction that he couldn't afford to linger on. Not now. Especially the unavoidable fact that it had been Ren that he had surrendered control to. It felt too volatile still, even as their professional relationship had slowly improved. Even as they had started to become something other than jilted lovers. "Friends" wasn't quite the right word, but there was something more honest about their interactions now. They were freer then when they had been lovers. Had that even been the right way to think of it? Had they ever really been in love? Hux scrubbed at his face with his hands in aggravation at himself as he sat on the edge of his bed. Of course, now of all times he would start to think about this! But he knew the answer, even as he flopped back on the pillows, trying to find a comfortable position to sleep in. In the end Hux ended up hugging one of the pillows, curling it tightly against his chest as he might have done to Kylo once. It was a poor substitute though. Nothing could replace the sound of Ren's breathing as he slept, the way his body gradually became warmer as it was nestled against Hux's or how low and sultry his voice was when he first woke up, the deep rumble sending vibrations through the General's body. Hux shivered at the unexpected ache that welled up in him, hugging the pillow closer as if it might ease the pain. He shouldn't be hurting, he shouldn't be pining and yet it was impossible not to, because he had foolishly fallen in love with the Knight. Head over heels, intoxicatingly, cripplingly and maddeningly in love with him and all the broken pieces that made up the Force user. That was why it had hurt so much, that was why he had withheld information from Snoke and that was why now Hux felt so alone in his own room, why he'd avoided it for months. And now on the eve of battle, regret consumed him. He'd never told Ren, be it due to cowardice or pride, Hux didn't remember anymore. He took a deep breath, shifting again, feeling restless and about to give up on any hope of sleep when his fingers brushed a soft material. It was a different texture then the sheets and Hux tugged at it, pulling it loose from where it was wedged between the bed and the wall. He rubbed the material between his fingers, trying to remember why it was so familiar to him. It smelled of snow and ice and winter winds. "Kylo," Hux murmured. It was one of the Knight's cowls, misplaced and shoved aside at some point. Forgotten entirely. The General hugged the material against his chest. He expected it to make the ache worse, to tear him apart, but instead it eased lose the tight pain coiled up inside him. A shudder ran through Hux, his limbs became heavy and gradually he fell into an untroubled sleep. --- "He's asleep," Kylo murmured to Phasma, pulling himself out of the meditation he'd been in. The Captain looked back at him from where she was leaning against the railing of the atrium. "Feel better now?" she asked, the Knight had been quietly worrying about the General. Once the pain had faded, and the anger had run its course the acceptance had settled in. From the acceptance came longing and once that had passed and a bizarre congeniality had formed between the two men as they worked together, united by a common goal. Then had come the protectiveness. If it had always been there and Ren had been suppressing it or not, the Captain couldn't say. From the moment Brendol Hux had come on board and the weeks that had followed, it had only grown. Phasma had her own concern for the General, but it paled to the almost righteous fury that the Knight exhibited. His connection to the Force gave him more insight to what was happening with the General. Hux had been careful to keep it hidden, but inevitably it had come to light for the Captain and Knight. She and Kylo had talked endlessly about various plans of action, things they could do, something, anything to get Brendol Hux off the ship. It had come to a head when Kylo had found Hux's bruises, when the General had collapsed against him in tears and the magnitude of it had hit home. Later that night it had taken Phasma a great deal of fast talking and eventually pinning Kylo to the bed in a headlock to keep him from outright killing Brendol Hux. Even with the man gone now, Kylo had still worried. This additional caveat the Supreme Leader had given Hux did not bode well for any of them. Now though, the Knight looked more at ease than he had been in weeks. "He needed the rest," Kylo says as he comes to stand next to her, gazing out at the stars. "Did you give him a nudge?" "No, I just ... just checked on him," his voice sounds shaky and Phasma put a hand on his arm. "You okay?" "Yeah. Yeah I'm fine," Kylo's shoulder hunch slightly and she knows he's lying. "No, you're not," Phasma pinches him and he glares at her. "See something you didn't want to?" "Not, not exactly," Kylo is being elusive and the Captain doesn't want to play guessing games with him tonight. "You love him still, don't you?" she asks as quiet settles into the space around them. She asked him this months ago, when he'd first asked her to show Hux how to mentally guard himself. Funny how his reaction this time isn't to pull away in fear, as if he's been caught doing something foul. Instead he only sighs, as if the Galaxy itself rests on his young back. "I do, and I wish like hell that I could tell him." "So what's stopping you? Other than your dysfunction?" Phasma bumps his shoulder with her own and he shoves her back. The gesture is playful, despite the seriousness of their conversation, it makes it easier for Kylo to talk. "Tomorrow we leave. I can't tell him as we walk into battle. Besides," Kylo looks back at the stars that are flying by through hyperspace. "We can't be what we were. That fell apart and died." "Kylo," Phasma slings an arm around his shoulders companionably as she rolls her eyes. "If this is important to you. If this is what you really, truly want, then what's stopping you from building something new ?" He looks at her, wide eyed. The Knight has been so wrapped up in what they were , that he's forgotten how to cultivate something new. That a fresh start was even an option. Kylo bites his lip and looks away and Phasma feels him tremble slightly as he speaks again. "If we make it back. If we are victorious. Then I will tell him." --- "Today we move to secure territory that will be essential to the future of the First Order. Your performance, over the next ninety-six hours, and our success in this mission will change everything," Hux addresses the fifty troopers before him in the hanger before they leave. The General is in black field gear instead of his typical starched uniform, a blaster on his hip and a carbine and sniper rifle slung across his back. He looks rested, his green eyes are sharp and his voice is strong and confident. Behind the troopers, stand Ren and Phasma, the Knight in his black robes and the Captain in her usual chrome armor and cape. "You all have trained tirelessly, adapted to challenges that no ordinary trooper would be able to. You have proven yourselves loyal and capable as soldiers and I have full confidence in your abilities as we face this challenge. I am proud to know that we have such fine beings among the ranks of the First Order. I know you will not fail." There is a short cheer at the end of the speech, the troopers pumping their fists in the air with enthusiasm. The energy is contagious and as they break apart into their squads to board the shuttles that will take them planet side to rendezvous with their scouts, the General, the Knight and the Captain stand together, possibly for the last time. "Thank you," Hux looks at both of them. "For everything." He extends his hand and arm to Phasma and she returns the gesture as he clasps his hand on her arm just below the elbow. "You've trained them well, Sir," she tells him as she lets go and he nods. The Captain steps away, boarding the shuttle with her squad. Hux glances at the Knight, and Ren takes a step forward, his own hand out. The General clasps Ren's arm tightly, realizing that Ren has just as tight a grip on him and then the Knight leans forward. "I sense a disturbance. Something is off, be mindful once we are on the planet, General," Ren's voice is low, not wanting others to overhear. "I will," Hux tells him, straightening slightly. He would heed the warning this time. This wouldn't be a repeat of Nilash. "You, don't forget that you have troops to look after. Don't get carried away." "Me? Get carried away? Never," there is almost humor in the Knight's voice, it is hard to tell when he has his mask on. Hux almost smiles as they step away from each other. --- Luck was on their side. Chelloa was not a busy planet, it ran on a highly structured schedule, shipping out baradium on massive freighters every two days. Its miners worked a hard day's work, went to the bars and then retired at the end of the night. It was a simple life for simple beings and one that would see no change once the First Order took control of the planet and its mines. The space port was dark and uninhabited, save for the handful of staff that were in the control tower for the graveyard shift. They never knew what hit them. It took only a few minutes to put the port into lock down and to place the communications jammer on the main satellite. With the port secured the three squads rendezvoused with their scouts three clicks northeast, off the main road and in the cover of the forest. That was where their luck ran dry. They found the three scouts in various forms of dismemberment around the small camp they had set up. One hung by his neck from a tree, another had been cut in half, having died as she dragged half of herself towards her gun. The last one sat on the ground, his back against a tree, almost as if he was sleeping, except he was missing his head, it had been placed neatly in his lap in his folded hands. "Shit," one of the troopers swore as they took in the macabre scene before them. Hux studied the scene. The Chelloans knew they were coming, there was no way they couldn't. But perhaps there was something the scouts had managed to retrieve, a holo map, anything. Cautiously the General took a step forward towards the camp, only to have Ren throw his arm out at chest level and stop him. "Don't. They are waiting for us," the Knight's voice was a low growl. "Ambush?" Hux glanced at the Knight and then back to the camp. Ren shook his head. "Trap. They have placed explosives in the bodies that will trigger if you touch them." Hux nods once and raises his hand, bending it at the elbow and pushing it with his palm away from his face at his troops. Fall back. The troopers obey with Phasma leading them and then Ren and Hux fall back as well. They were going to have to go in entirely blind. The only thing that would salvage this mission now was stealth and quick thinking. --- There was blaster fire everywhere. "Move!" Ren bellowed, making a sweeping gesture with his arm. His squad of Stormtroopers scrambled to obey, returning the fire that was being rained down upon them as they moved. The Force was practically vibrating through the Knight as he deflected blaster shots and lunged at opponents, cutting down one after another. It would seem as though the Chelloans, simple miners though they may be, were not fond of the idea of anyone who vaguely resembled the Old Empire laying claim to their home. They were also exceptionally well armed, which was to be expected of a planet that was practically eighty percent baradium. Ren's squad was towards the rear, Hux had placed him there on purpose due to his perchant for running ahead. If he was at the back, if he lost himself in battle then at least the Knight wouldn't stray too far beyond reach. Phasma and Hux's squads were at the front, taking the brunt of the fire. Hux was shouting orders at his troopers, making them work in tangent with Phasma's. The Captain was spearheading their attackers with Hux's troops moving around to circle them and cut them off. For all the General's efforts to avoid a direct confrontation, they had been met by a large, but unorganized militia at the bottom of a barren knoll just outside the unwalled city of Jenith. There was no choice but to fight. Their own, smaller, better trained force was easily outmaneuvering the militia. Hux and Phasma worked well, their troopers formations changing and flowing like a river as they pressed the offensive. Ren hadn't had the chance to be impressed, a second, smaller group of Chelloans had joined the fray. They came in from the side, intent on cutting the invading force in half. "Zeta attack formation!" Ren yelled at the troopers by his side. He reached out through the Force, projecting into his troopers' minds the exact movements he wanted them to make. They would charge at the second group of Chelloans and then split into two smaller segments, taking advantage of the slight high ground and encircling their enemy. The Knight moved with the troopers and then broke off from them, surging forward into the second enemy group, seeking out their leader. Cut off the head and the body dies. He is sweating with exertion, and his breath comes in shallow gasps, but at that moment Kylo Ren is one with the Force and he loses himself in the heat of battle. Chelloa, once stripped of its forests and lakes to be able to mine the planet for baradium, is a remarkably hot planet. That also could be the incessant explosions happening all around them as well. Grenades of all sorts are being thrown amongst the blaster fire, Ren is half certain that he'll be deaf come the end of this battle. He cuts down soldier after soldier, the troopers at his command forgotten as he moves with speed that a person his size shouldn't be able to. His connection to the Force is strong, crystal clear and cold. One of the troopers he has assigned to be a squad leader yells a warning at him at the same moment that the Force hums with warning. Some idiotically brave Chelloan comes at him with a flame thrower and the Knight flings him aside. The Chelloan lands with a sickening crunch and doesn't get up, his back broken and then the fuel tank to his weapon explodes. Ren shields himself with the Force, scanning the area around him, extending his reach. His troopers are fine, they are rallying to him now. He cuts down an enemy. Hux... Hux is fine, covered in dirt and sweat and has burned his hands from his blaster overheating, but other than that he is fine. Ren lets out a small breath of relief. But of Hux's sixteen troopers, he's lost three to a targeting rocket. "Forward!" Ren motions for the troopers around him to join up with Phasma and Hux's squads. "Sub-squads split and utilize anti-armor dragon formation!" His troopers rush forward, the leaders taking the point with the remaining soldiers following behind them at a diagonal so they create a "V". The formation isn't as tight as the spearhead one used by Phasma in her charge, but allows them to react faster. Ren runs with them, reaching again with the Force to find Phasma. The Captain has forced her way deep into the attacking militia. Her chrome armor is dusty and splattered with blood that Ren can tell isn't hers. Her own squad however has suffered heavy casualties, the price for leading the charge into their enemy. Half of her troopers are down, three of them are certainly dead, the other five are alive but for how long Ren doesn't know. Then time seems to slow down. Ren's breath catches in his throat as he feels the Force jolt through him so strongly that it brings him to his knees. Trap. He pushes himself back up to his feet and sprints, cutting through anyone and anything in his way. 'Phasma! Its a trap! You have to pull back! Pull back now!' He screams at her through the Force. He see her jerk back in surprise at his sudden intrusion into her thoughts, but fortunately she is a person of action. The Captain immediately gives the order to fall back, before turning herself and running. But then she pauses, grabbing the hand of one of her wounded troopers and slinging him over her shoulder as her troopers continue their retreat. 'Of course,' Ren thinks. The woman who has lost two brothers will not leave her troopers behind if she thinks she can save them. He's almost to Hux's position now, still a few hundred meters from where the Captain is and that is when the implosion mines go off. Time speeds back up. The entire planet seems to shake, sending their troopers off balance and the Force shudders, screams of agony running through it. "Captain!" Hux is screaming, he's seen the explosion too. Ren barrels passed him, paying the red head no mind. "Ren!" Hux screams after him as the Knight surges forward against the retreating remains of Phasma's squad. "Ren Maker damn it! All squads Omega Scatter, regroup two clicks west! Go! Now!" The next thing Ren knows, Hux is running along side him. The General has swapped his overheated blaster out for his carbine and has adjusted the spread on it, firing rapidly into the oncoming enemies. "Together then?" Ren pants as he cuts through a soldier. "Yes," Hux nods, as he slams the butt of the carbine into the head of a Chelloan's soldier that was trying to rise up and then puts a round into the downed man. They move in sync as they never have before. Hux keeping pace with Ren as they block, cut and shoot their way to where the Stormtrooper Captain fell. Ren slicing enemies that come from the front as Hux fires shots over the Knight's shoulder and guards their flank. The spot where Phasma has fallen is now a large crater and the Stormtrooper Captain lies at the edge of it. Ren deactivates his lightsaber and rushes to her side. "Phasma!" he rolls her onto her back and sees that her chrome armor is sunken in on the chest. "Is she alive Ren?" Hux yells to him as he stands between them and what is left of the Chelloan militia. "We can't hold this spot!" he is turning and firing faster than the gun can keep up, the carbine isn't meant to be rapid fire and is starting to turn red. A Chelloan soldier gets too close and Hux bodily slams himself into the soldier, knocking him down and firing the carbine into his face. "Hurry up! Is she alive?" Ren pulls off Phasma's helmet, her lips are starting to turn blue from lack of oxygen. His fingers moving beneath her neck covering to search for a pulse and he reaches out with the Force, searching for her lifeline. 'Please, please don't be dead!' He can't find a pulse, but through the Force he can sense her life, but she isn't breathing. Something is wrong! Ren pushes his focus into her body, searching for her vital organs, heart, lungs- There! One of her lungs is half crushed, punctured by her ribs from the force of the grenade. "REN!" Hux screams at him. The Knight looks up as Hux head butts a soldier who has grabbed hold of him and shoves the Chelloan off him and to the ground before shooting him. "She's alive! But she needs a medic!" "Fuck!" Hux swears as he fires again and again into the enemy, ducking a blaster shot that was aimed at him. "This spot is too hot for a retrieval! We can't get out! Unless-" Hux is interrupted as a bolt grazes his arm and he turns, firing on the attack. Ren can sense his thoughts flying, but they're too fast for him to properly read. "Can you shield us?" Hux yells at him as the General fires at another soldier who was getting ready to throw a grenade. "What?" Ren doesn't follow and Hux fires again before looking away from the battle and crouches next to Ren. "Can you shield us?" his voice is hoarse from shouting and smoke and his expression is intense, wilder than usual. Then Ren grabs his meaning. "Yes." "Cover me then," Hux pulls his comm out of his pocket and Ren stands, bringing his lightsaber to life and stepping forward. He deflects bolt after bolt, fueled by rage at the harm Phasma has come to. He throws their attackers back with a wave of his hand. Behind him he hears Hux. "Mitaka come in!" "Y-Yes General?" The lieutenant sounds terrified. "Do you have a lock on our location?" Hux shouts over the roar of blaster fire. "Yes General!" "Then-" Hux is interrupted by someone grabbing him from behind, he drops the comm as he and the soldier grapple. Ren turns to help him and nearly misses the grenade that comes flying at them. He catches it with the Force and sends it back to their attackers. He can hear Hux snarling behind him as the General fights with the soldier. There is the sound of bone snapping and a body falling to the ground. Ren blocks another volley of blaster fire and glances back at Hux. The General is bleeding from his temple now and the soldier lies on the ground, his neck broken. Hux scrambles for his comm. "Mitaka, orbital strike on our location! Now!" "But General-" "Did I stutter Lieutenant? Fire! Now!" Hux screams over the comm. "Yes Sir!" The comm goes dead and Ren falls back to where Hux is crouched next to Phasma's unconscious form. He deactivates his lightsaber again. "Stay close by," he warns Hux, as he summons the Force around them. He envisions a crystal dome over them and raises his hands, guiding the energy. Their attackers are swarming them now, foolishly thinking that they've surrendered. Then the high pitched whistling fills the air. The Chelloans realize what it is far too late. The first blasts hit and Ren groans. He draws the shield he's cast around them with the Force in tighter, focusing on holding it up against the destructive power of the Star Destroyer's cannons. The heavy blasts continue to rain down on them, turning the battlefield into a crater riddled graveyard. Ren's body feels bizarrely warm, he's too hot, his vision starts to swim. Sweat is pouring down his face beneath his mask and he can smell and taste copper. Blood. Hes bleeding, choking on it. Ren coughs and gags. The shield falters, but he manages to restore it as the next blast hits them directly. It sends burning shock waves through his body, turning every one of his nerve endings into a fiery hot coal. He focuses all his energy on keeping that crystallized dome above them. He has to protect them . These two people who have somehow become the closest thing hell ever have to family again. The General who broke his heart and the sister who adopted him. They arent much, but they are his and he will not let anyone or anything rip them from his grasp. Ren screams in pain as the strike continues, falling to his knees, struggling to keep the shield intact. Hux is beside him, supporting him, keeping him from collapsing. He's screaming into the comm again, something about medical evac and then everything goes quiet. It is over. Ren's hands drop and the shield falls away. He would collapse entirely if it weren't for the General bracing him. Hux is saying something to him, screaming at him. "Stay with me! Stay with me Ren!" There is the whirl of a shuttle overhead and Hux is yelling directions at the crew. Ren sees them load Phasma's body onto a stretcher and then Hux is standing, pulling Ren to his feet with him. Hux is dragging him onto the shuttle and Ren staggers along with him. "The troopers-" he starts, Hux is always so worried about being mindful of the troopers. "I'll go back for them!" Hux shouts as the gangplank closes behind them and Ren feels his legs give out and he slumps against the General. Hux eases him back against a wall and helps him slide to the floor. The Knight realizes then that his entire body is smoking slightly and Hux is screaming for ice and water. A frightened field nurse brings him the items, and before Ren can protest, Hux is undoing his helmet's clasps and pulling it off of him. The nurse gasps and Hux shoos her away, as Ren becomes aware that he's bleeding. His eyes, nose and ears are pouring blood, his throat suddenly closes up on him and he can't breathe. Hux grabs one of the jugs of water brought to them and without ceremony rips the top of it off and is dumping it all over the Knights body. The cool water hits Ren's like a kick in the gut. Dimly, hes aware that his clothing sizzles and smolders as the water hits him. "You're overheated," Hux is murmuring as he grabs two of the ice packs and pulls Ren's outer robes open to shove the packs under his arm pits. "We need to get your core temperature down. Here, close your eyes, tilt your head back." Ren obeys, his mind to overheated to protest. Hux is slowly pouring the cool water over his face now, washing away the blood and soaking his hair. The General then puts another cold compress against Ren's neck and another one against his upper thigh before soaking him again with another jug of water. "How-" Ren croaks as the General finally holds a canteen of water to his lips and helps him drink. "I got heatstroke at the Academy more times than I care to admit," Hux tells him, his tone oddly distracted, worried even. Ren would probe deeper into it but his brain still feels like its on fire. Hux is dousing him in water again, making a terrific mess as he does. But it feels like heaven to have the cool water soak his robes, accented by the ice packs pressed against his skin. "So I figured out how to deal with it. Ice packs against your primary arteries bring your temperature down faster than anything." The General looks around and then stands, motioning for a field nurse to come over to them. "You stay here, he tells Ren. Rest. I'm going back to finish this." "Hux-" Ren tries to get up and the General leans down, putting a hand on his shoulder "No, you stay here. Phasma will need your help once they get her patched up." There is a grim determination on the red head's face, mixed with the dust and blood, he's almost frightful to look at now. Hux gives his shoulder the briefest of squeezes and then stands, moving to the cockpit. --- Hux gripped the rappel line. He had not been very fond of this part of his field training, but so long as he stuck the landing and didn't roll his ankle he would be fine. If he rolled his ankle he might as well be dead. The General takes a deep breath, with one hand above him and one below him on the rope he exits the shuttle into thin air. The harness tightens around his waist and legs and he's sliding down the rope. His brake hand beneath him burns hot, aggravated from his mishap with his blaster earlier and he nearly lets go of the rope. But then his feet meet the ground and he pulls the rope free and sheds the harness. "All clear," he comms back up to them and watches the shuttle fly away. They'll stay in atmosphere, just in case. Phasma is stable now, they have her breathing. His timetable however is shot to hell. They have to strike in the next five hours, before the Chelloans can regroup. The orbital strike has destroyed much of the ragtag militia, if Hux doesn't cease this opportunity he will never get a second chance. He finds the troopers in the cover of some trees. Their numbers are now thirty-seven, down from fifty. Many of those from Phasma's squad. "General!" One of the squad leaders jumps to her feet to greet him. "We saw the orbital strike! What happened? Are Lord Ren and Captain Phasma alright?" The other troopers echo her sentiment and Hux nods. "They are alive," he doesn't tell them more then that. Additional information will distract them. "We have a mission to finish. The Chelloan defenses are scattered and weak. Now is when we prove ourselves. When we rise as the First Order, above the chaos, when we take control." The troopers are standing around him now, listening raptly. The squad leader who had addressed him first speaks again. "What are our orders General?" --- They move through the city block by block, meeting little resistance. After the orbital strike many of Jenith's citizens have hidden themselves. Even so, Hux, having found a map on a dead soldier, opts to take side streets, preferring to avoid the main roads. The central building of the capital city has a gold domed roof and is easily recognizable. It is here that they encounter resistance again. Hux and the troopers are forced to move hallway by hallway through the giant building. Fighting bitterly for every inch of ground that the Chelloans refuse to give up. He sends ten of the troopers to circle around the building so they can catch their opponents off guard. It is a gamble considering they don't know if more traps await them. However when the troopers burst through the glass window behind the Chelloan soldiers minutes later Hux knows that his gamble paid off and he presses the attack. The hall fills with the sound of blaster fire and the screams of people dying and others surrendering. In the chaos Hux sees a figure in formal robes flee down the hall with a small escort group. The Chelloan representative. He calls for five of the troopers to go with him, leaving the rest to contain those who have surrendered and the General gives chase. He is filled with adrenaline, ducking as the representative's guards fire at them. Hux returns their fire and hits two of them. He signals for his troopers to split up and cut off the fleeing politician. They chase the woman out of the building and into a courtyard at its center where she throws up her hands and screams that she surrenders and orders her remaining guard to stand down as Hux's troopers close in on them. His troopers disarm the soldiers and Hux approaches the woman. He doesn't see the sniper on the roof behind him. --- Ren's eyes fluttered open. The Force is humming again. Danger. He pushes himself to sit up. Despite his protesting the field nurses had dragged him to a bed and hooked him up to an IV of fluids. One exceptionally brave nurse had taken the responsibility of changing out the ice packs and made him drink six more canteens of water before he passed out. With a groan he reaches out through the Force, he isnt sure when he lost consciousness, only that his body has finally cooled down from how dangerously hot it had been. His nerve endings are no longer on fire, and his thoughts, while slightly hazy are clearer now. He was still shaky and weak, but the worst had passed. His robes are still soaking wet and he pays them no mind as he unhooks the IV and discards the ice packs. He senses Phasma, her life force is a faint purple glow coming from a few rooms down. She is alive. She is safe. Ren lets out a breath of relief and pulls a hand through his damp hair. It is then that he realizes, with a slight panic, that he cant sense Hux. Danger. The Force hums again with frustrating urgency. The General isnt on board the medical evac shuttle, which for some reason is still in Chelloas atmosphere. Why hadnt they gone back to the ship yet? Ren focuses, reaching out through the Force, trying to find the General. For several terrifying minutes he only senses darkness. Then he sees a glimmer of light. A spark. He doesnt hesitate as he did on Nilash. This time the Knight embraces the Light and his vision through the Force clears and he can see Hux. The General is alive, in Jenith. Danger. The Force warns and Ren feels is vision pulled away from Hux to view a roof overlooking a courtyard. He sees the sniper taking up position. Danger. He pulled himself out of the Force vision and stands with a grunt, taking a few deep breaths as he makes sure his legs are steady enough to support him. Once he's sure that he won't collapse, Ren puts his helmet back on and walks to the cockpit. "Take me over Jenith," he orders the pilot. The startled man tries to protest, but then realizes just who has given the order and falls silent. The city is under them a few minutes later. "The gold domed building," Ren instructs him. "After I depart head back to the ship and have the transport shuttles come down. Our business here will be concluded shortly." "Lord Ren? Wait what are you-" the man looks back at him as Ren walks towards the sliding door of the evac shuttle. "You don't have any rappel gear!" "I don't need any," Ren tells him, pulling the door open and feeling the blast of cold air chill him to the bone. It shocks him back to alertness. DANGER! The Force is all but screaming at him. Ren takes a deep breath, pulling the swirling mix of light and dark energy around him and falls out of the shuttle as the pilot swears behind him. The Knight falls through the air, reveling in the bone chilling freeze that runs through him as the wind whips around him. He focuses himself, reaching out with the Force. Ren concentrates as he falls and his descent slows as the Force cushions him, cradling him like a mother would a babe. The Light softens his landing and the Dark shields him as his feet touch down lightly on the roof of the building surrounding the courtyard from his vision. The sniper is there too. Ren draws his lightsaber as the sniper turns around and scrambles backwards in an effort to escape this enemy that has suddenly appeared. The man falls off the roof in his effort to get away. He lands on the ground below with a crunch of bone, startling the people in the center of the courtyard. But the Knight pays them no mind as he drops down after the sniper and runs him through with his lightsaber. Finally, the Forces urgent humming ceases and it is quiet in Rens mind. The Knight straightens to see Hux and a handful of soldiers and one very pale looking politician all staring at him. Ren says nothing and moves across the courtyard to stand next to the General, even as the politician starts screaming about wraiths and Sith Lords and history repeating itself. "You have impeccable timing," Hux tells him with dry amusement. The General looks like hes been run ragged, there is a massive gash along his forehead right at his hairline and no one had treated the wound on his temple from earlier. Both have now crusted over with scabs of blood and dust, painting his face like a piece of grotesque art. Theres more blood on him, how much of it is the Generals, Ren cant tell, but Hux is alive . Ren feels the spark of Light swell slightly at that thought, especially when he senses the wave of tired gratitude from the other man. And then worry. Hux  had been worried about him? The spark of Light in him trembles and it takes the Knight a moment to respond. "You're welcome," Ren quips, pushing the unexpected wave of emotions he was experiencing aside. He could concern himself with them later, once they were off planet. "Is this our target?" He gestures to the hysterical politician. "Yes," Hux looked aggravated, even as he turned back to the politician. "Madam Representative if you would stop screaming for five minutes, I would greatly like to discuss the future of your planet with you." --- --- The doors to the medical bay slid open and Kylo Ren took a deep breath trying to fight down the urge to turn on his heel and walk, no, run , in the opposite direction. He thought of the Stormtrooper Captain and that gave him the strength to master himself. To quell the panic that the place induced in him. He had to find Phasma, he had to be sure she was all right. The Knight could sense her, but to be able to lay eyes on her would be more reassuring right now. She had sustained heavy injuries from the explosion she'd been caught in, had she not pulled out when she had Phasma would most certainly be dead right now. The thought of losing her made the Knight's stomach twist in an agonizing knot. He stepped into the medical wing, his hands in tight fists at his sides in an effort to keep himself calm. The stench of bacta and sterilizer hit him, and made bile rise up in the back of his throat. He hated the smell of this place, how it reached his nostrils even through his mask. Hated the feeling of death and pain that flooded his connection to the Force. The incessant beeping of droids and machinery that filled his ears and made his heart race with anxiety. The Knight reached out, grabbing the nearest passing orderly by the arm. The young man looked up in surprise, having been engrossed in a chart and startled upon seeing just who had halted him. "L-Lord Ren!" "Where is she?" Ren asked lowly. "W-Who sir?" "Captain Phasma. Where. Is. She?" Ren had less patience than usual and the beeping of the machines was threatening to drive him entirely mad. He strongly considered shorting them out if it would just silence that, but fortunately for him the orderly recovered his senses. "They moved her to ICU. I can-" "Take me to her. Now." Ren lets go of the orderly's arm and follows him through the medical bay, nurses and doctors moving out of the way as they come through. There are whispers behind the Knight as he passes, rumors will spread like wamp rats through the ship before the end of the hour. But Ren doesn't care, he has only one thing on his mind: seeing Phasma. Even knowing the extent of Phasma's injuries however, did not prepare him for the sight of the Stormtrooper Captain. Phasma's room is private, set away from the other occupants of the medical bay, a small perk to her rank. She is unconscious and somehow she looks incredibly small when surrounded by all the machines. There are different IV's in each arm, monitors attached to her skin beneath the thin medical gown that has taken the place of her armor and underclothes. Much of her body is bruised, there is a temporary splint on one leg and a thick brace around her neck. Her face is mostly obscured by a large mask of tubes that descend down her throat and nose. Every so many seconds there is a hiss and a machine forces air into her lungs, making her chest rise and fall. The sight of her like this makes Ren's heart ache in a way that frightens him. He moves to her bedside and stares down at her sleeping form from behind his mask, one of his hands gripping the bed rail tightly. "What is the extent of the damage?" he asks the orderly, who is standing awkwardly at the foot of her bed. "Fractured leg, spinal trauma, broken ribs, one of them snapped and punctured her left lung causing it to collapse," the orderly shifts his weight uncertainly, afraid to give the wrong answer lest he end up on the receiving end of the Knight's Force abilities. "And her prognosis?" Ren asks, it takes every fiber of his being to keep himself calm. "Its a very serious injury Lord Ren, you can't-" "I asked," Ren stretched one hand out and through the Force wrapped his fingers around the orderly's neck. "What her prognosis was?" He turns to look from the unconscious Captain to the orderly he is choking. "S-six weeks! Minimum!" the orderly sputters as his air is cut off. "Her bones need to h-heal," Ren lets him go and the man pants, a hand rubbing his throat. "She'll need intensive therapy to recover the strength in her damaged lung. It will be months before she can carry the weight of the armor and gear again. This isn't a fast fix, it's not a limb that we can just replace with a mechanical one. These injuries take time to heal." Ren says nothing looking back at the unconscious Captain, watching the machine breathe for her. For all his Force powers, he is helpless right now. It is infuriating. "Leave us," his voice is dark and low as he speaks as he clings to his composure. "See to it that no one disturbs us." "Lord Ren?" The orderly sounds hesitant, clearly afraid that the Knight will simply kill the unconscious woman where she lay. Ren turns to the orderly. "If you value your pathetic life then you will not question me again," Ren growls, the lights and machines flickering slightly as he feels himself slipping. The orderly flees the room, shutting the door behind him. Ren lets out a slow breath, forcing himself to be calm. Or as close to calm as he can manage in this place. The Knight pulls his helmet off, setting it on the table at Phasma's bedside. He fumbles with the latch that holds the bed railing in place and it finally collapses. Then he perches next to her on the edge of her bed with great care. His fingers tremble as they gently stroke over her face, pushing her sweat stiff hair back. "I'm so sorry sis," he whispers to her, hanging his head. "I couldn't warn you in time." His voice breaks and tears fall from his eyes, splashing down on her face as he presses his forehead against hers. He wants to hug her, hold her, but he can't lest he exacerbate her injuries. "I'm sorry, this is all my fault." Ren isn't sure how long he stays like that with guilt and concern eating away at him. His back starts to cramp from being hunched over and he finally pulls away, kissing her forehead before settling himself in a chair next to her bed. He keeps one of his hands on hers and folds his other arm on the edge of the bed, resting his head on it. The Knight wants to stay with her, his own care is secondary. He can change his still damp and charred robes later. He can eat later. All that matters is being close to her. Ren watches Phasma's face, listens to the machines hiss and feels life pulsate through the Captain. It eases some of his fears and gradually he relaxes and his eyes fall shut. --- Hux winces as the medic stitches his forehead up. Its been thirty seven hours since this mission from hell had started. The Chelloan representative, once she had finished screaming, had been remarkably cooperative. The shuttle ride back to the ship had been silent. Their remaining troopers were exhausted and Hux and Ren had placed themselves on opposite sides of the shuttle, drained from both the battle and negotiations. Hux's throat was dry and he'd not realized he was rapidly breathing through his mouth until one of the troopers had offered him a canteen of water. "We did alright didn't we, General?" the trooper asked as Hux gulped the water down. Hux nodded, pausing to wipe his mouth with the back of his hand. "You all did phenomenally," he told the trooper. "You have shown yourselves to be some of the finest troopers in the Order," he tells the trooper. Yet Hux could not shake the sinking feeling that this wasn't a victory. They had secured the planet, the treaty and still retained nearly seventy-five percent of their troopers they'd gone in with. The fact that they'd managed to do so with only fifty troopers was remarkable. But with Phasma being taken out of action, their scouts all being killed and the risky maneuver of the orbital strike, it all felt more like the desperate thrashes of a drowning man before he was pulled under the surface of the water. It wasn't enough and he still had work to do. There were battle reports to be filed, the troopers had to be debriefed and in only thirty-five hours Hux would be standing before Supreme Leader Snoke again. He would have to explain all of this. Snoke would more then likely be displeased that Hux had almost gotten them all killed by calling the orbital strike on their location and using the Knight as a shield. If that alone didn't get him killed the too high casualty rate would. More than anything, Hux wanted these stitches to be over with. Even with the numbing gel over the wound, the flesh still twitched and he could feel the pull of the filament thread through his skin as the needle sewed him up. The gash was right along his hairline at his forehead, as if someone had tried to scalp him. The wound at his temple would scar but fade eventually until it was barely noticeable. There were other minor bruises and abrasions, and his hands have been carefully bandaged. His palms burned more badly than he realized from his blaster overheating, it hurt to make a fist and even holding a pen is difficult. The medics have assured him that his hands will heal in a few days and that there is no nerve damage. That won't matter very much though if he's dead. The last of his stitches come together and the medics smear a healing ointment over them and pronounce him well enough to return to his duties. But before he does that he wants to check on his Stormtrooper Captain. He's scanned over the medical reports, she'd sustained heavy damage that should have killed her. Had they been a few minutes later reaching her and getting her evacuated she would have been brain dead. Ren would have never forgiven him. The Knight had vanished once they got back on the Star Destroyer, Hux assumed to be at the Captain's side, considering that he'd blindly charged into the heat of the battle to save her. But that was unlikely considering how much Ren hated the medical bay, hell he'd not even come to see Hux when the General had been intermed there after Nilash. And they had been lovers then, a testament to how much the Knight despised the place. No, Ren was probably meditating or destroying something at the moment, so it would allow Hux to make sure that the Captain was being cared for. Even if he died from this, Hux was going to make sure that the woman didn't want for anything for the rest of her service to the First Order. She had been an invaluable and dedicated resource. And over time, she has become something of a friend. She is dependable, reliable and honest with him and, most importantly, remained professional towards him in these difficult past few months. He is beyond grateful to her and will see to it that she is comfortable. It is the least he can do. --- Phasma's eyes flutter open and for a moment she panics, fumbling at the mask over her face, choking on the obstruction in her throat, but Kylo's face comes into view and he's standing over her. He catches her hands in his. "Easy. Don't. You need it to breathe," he tells her. She struggles for a few more seconds, the tube down her throat is uncomfortable and irritating and her world is a wash of dull pain and hazy lightheadedness. "You can't talk with the tubes in and I don't think I'm supposed to take them out," he tells her apologetically as she calms down, blue eyes flicking over the room, trying to take in her surroundings. The Knight is sinking back into the chair next to her bed, there are lines on his face that look like he's been using his arms as pillows. She reaches for him, and he leans closer to her as she raises a hand up to stroke his face. Her thumb brushes at the dried tear trails on his face and the remnants of blood. He senses her worry, "I'm fine," he promises her, his face fraught with concern. "I almost lost you too. I'm so sorry," he whispers. Phasma shakes her head, the tubes moving as she does. He feels her frustration at being unable to speak and then realizes that she's been left a pen and pad of paper on her bedside and hands it to her. The Captain scribbles something on the paper before turning the pad to Ren. Listen to my thoughts? He glances at her and she taps two fingers against her temple, consenting to him reaching into her mind. So he does. Phasma's mind is remarkably peaceful, a little hazy from the drugs that they've put her on to suppress the pain, but still very calm despite the damage done to her. 'Shh don't cry. Don't cry,' her mental voice is soothing and Ren hastily scrubs at his eyes. "I'm not," he mumbles. 'I'm sorry I worried you little brother.' "I should have been more diligent. I should have been more aware. I was distracted... I thought... " he looks away as one of her hands clenches his tightly. "I thought the warning was for Hux. But I was wrong and it almost got you killed." She swats at his hands lightly. 'It isn't your fault!' She scolds him, then softer she asks: 'Hey, did we at least win?' Ren has to laugh slightly, "Yeah. Yeah, we did. We won." 'So you'll tell him then?' her hand grasps his tightly. As if on queue the door to the room opens and someone enters, or at least half enters. Ren turns, about to yell at whatever orderly has bothered them but finds not medical personnel, but Hux standing there, looking gobsmacked. "Oh. Ren-" the General looks like he's caught off guard. "I didn't realize that you were here." He glances from the Knight to the Captain and Ren feels a sudden jolt of pain from the General. "I-I can come back later," Hux starts to back away but Phasma is already moving, pushing herself to sit up with a noise of pain and motioning for the General to come closer. Ren pulls his eyes away from the red head and moves to help Phasma re-settle herself. Behind him, Hux pulls the door shut at stands by it, uncertain as to what to do. Ren feels another strange wave of hurt from the General again and realizes that it isn't really pain... but ...jealousy? There is concern there too, for the Captain primarily, then for Ren as well, much to the Knight's surprise. Phasma is still frantically motioning at Hux to come closer and the redhead does, stopping at the foot of her bed. She continues to motion from him to come closer and the General seems reluctant to do so. As if he worries that he's intruding. "Just come to her side," Ren tells the other man in exasperation. Hux shoots him a glare but does so. Once he's close enough Phasma takes the notepad in her lap and whacks Hux over the head with it. "Ow!" he rubs the offended spot on the back of his head. "And what, Captain, have I done to deserve that?" She doesn't reply and instead turns to Ren and smacks him over the back of the head with the notepad as well. Then she's frantically scribbling on it. You're both stupid boys for starters- she holds the notepad up for both of them to see. Then scribbles more on it and holds it up again. Secondly, you're both stupid boys. "You said that already," Hux pointed out and she tried to whack him again and the General stepped back. No I mean, truly, exceptionally, magnificently, stupid. she scribbles on the notepad and then looks from the Knight to the General expectantly. Then slowly, Hux starts to laugh. He laughs and laughs until he is doubled over and bracing himself against the edge of Phasma's bed to keep himself from sinking to the ground. It's the type of hysterical laughter born out of exhaustion and stress and it is contagious. Ren, against his will, smiles and snorts as he chuckles to himself, silently shaking with laughter until chest aches. He feels Phasma clutching his hand tightly and glances back at Hux. The General is pushing the heel of his hand against his eyes and shaking his head. "If I could get your field report tonight Ren, once you are finished here," Hux tilts his head. The air in the room feels lighter now, as if some sort of weight has been lifted. "I would rather not be scrambling before I report to the Supreme Leader." Ren nods, watching as Hux lightly touches Phasma's shoulder and then leaves. Whatever words the General might have been planning on saying to the woman, were left entirely unsaid. --- It was as night turned into morning again when Ren finally came to Hux's office. But the General would be awake, he always was now it seemed. The redhead is in the middle of cross checking two different reports when Ren comes in and sits in the chair across from Hux's desk. He places his own report on top of the other ones Hux has collected and been working on compiling. Hux glances up, distractedly. "Hmm? Oh Ren, thank you," he murmurs, reaching for the report and flipping through the pages. "You... you actually did it." "You seem surprised." Ren pulled his helmet off and set it on the floor next to the chair. "You've never done reports. Ever." "I thought I owed you one." "Owed me? For what? Ren what are you talking about?" Hux pulls a hand through his hair as he goes back to his work. His fingers move over the keyboard, pausing every so often to re-check some nuance between the different reports he was referencing. "Thank you," the Knights says quietly. "For what?" Hux's typing stops and his eyes meet Ren's. There is confusion on the red head's face, and Ren can see the filament thread from where his forehead has been stitched back up. The Knight wants to reach out and touch it, but he refrains. "Saving her," he replies instead. "You could have left her behind. Could have left both of us behind." Hux stares at him, brow furrowing slightly as if he's trying to figure out if this is a trick or not. "She's your friend and a capable captain. Losing her would be a crime." It is not lost on the Knight that his General is avoiding making mention that he had followed Ren on a suicide mission to save the Captain. "She's your friend as well you know," Ren murmurs softly. "No Ren, she was always yours," Hux had a glazy in his eyes. "You love her, don't you?" he asked quietly. "Of course I do, she is like kin to me," he murmurs softly. "She is a second chance for family, for a sibling. You," he swallows heavily. "You know I could never turn that down." "Oh." Hux blinks. "Oh," he says again and looks distinctly embarrassed and tries to hide it by focusing intently on a report. "What? You thought we were fucking?" the Knight snorted in amusement. "Ren, the whole ship thinks you two are fucking. Besides you went to see her, Hux mumbles and Ren feels that twang of jealous hurt from the General again. He choses to not address it. "But you should have known better. She told you how our relationship was, why would that have changed?" "People change Ren, priorities change. Feelings change." There is something strained in Hux's voice as he continues to look at the various reports that cover his desk. "I suppose they do," the Knight acquiesces. When Hux says nothing further the Knight presses on. "She told me about the promise you made her when this started. I assume that's why you came by her room." "You are not wrong," Hux answers, he finally looks up from the reports to meet Ren's gaze. "The Supreme Leader is going to kill me Ren. And when he does I need to be sure that those who have been loyal to me are taken care of." "Why are you so convinced you're going to be killed? This mission went a hell lot better than Nilash did," Ren tells him, frowning. "Call it a 'soldier's intuition'," Hux smiles wanly. "I call it paranoia," Ren crosses his arms and frowns. Hux laughs softly, it is a strangely hopeless sound. "And a few days ago you were calling /me/ naive. I promise you Ren, I'm no fool. I know how these power games work," Hux tells him, as he continues to type, moving the holo windows about as he arranges the reports. "There are times when you are expected to fail and expected to succeed as soldier. Your failures are meant as lessons or perhaps warnings to others if you're exceptionally unlucky. And when you succeed where you should have failed, then that makes it all the worse. As you said last week, it isn't a mere coincidence that my father showed up when he did. It certainly wasn't a coincidence that a few days later I was given the task of taking Chelloa within an impossible time frame with a handful of troopers." He moves the holos around and condenses them down then starts to organize the files on his desk, sifting through datapads and paper reports. "Hux that makes no sense, you sound like a madman. You're overtired and its affecting your judgement," Ren frowns. "My Master has invested too much in your work to just discard you." "By the Maker why do you call him that still?" Hux mutters, a surprising amount of anger in his voice and Ren blinks. "Excuse me?" Hux seems to freeze, as if he's only just realized what he had said. Seconds tick by and then Hux carefully sets down the stack of datapads and papers on his desk. He leans back in his chair, hands together as if in prayer, fingers resting against his lips, his expression one of concentration. "I hate that you feel the need to show such reverence to that creature after what he has done to you," Hux finally says. "And I know I'm no better and in no position to criticize-" "That's right," Ren snarls. "You aren't. I'm pretty sure it's treason as well." Hux snorts. "But if your master is going to have me executed tomorrow for failing to perform then I don't really have anything to lose by mincing my words do I?" "Why are you so hungry for death?" Ren leans forward. "When you were just so terrified of it?" He hasn't forgotten Hux clinging to him, sobbing in the atrium, convinced of his own impending doom. "I never said I wasn't terrified of it," Hux leaned forward too. His elbows rested on the desk as he rubbed his eyes with his fingers in a gesture of weariness. "But I am also tired and that outweighs my fear." "Then you should sleep more you idiot." Hux laughs at that, it's that same hopeless laugh and Ren decides that he hates the sound of that laugh. Hux doesn't give up, that goes against everything he knows about the General. Hux persists, against all odds, however badly damaged he is. This man before him isn't the same General of the First Order that Ren knows. "Sleep won't help Ren," Hux rubs a hand against his jaw where stubble is starting to show. The General looks almost indecisive, or like he's going to be sick. Ren can't quite tell. "I am tired of not being good enough," Hux murmurs, so quietly that Ren has to lean halfway across the desk to hear his words. "Hux what are you on about? You're the General of the entire First-fucking-Order! You-" "I wasn't supposed to be." Hux's words quietly interrupt Ren and he stares at the other man. "What?" Ren stares at him. "What the hell are you talking about? You were top of your class at the Academy, if your file is to be believed. You're a brilliant tactician, the troopers respect you," Ren gives him a hopelessly confused look. "If it wasn't supposed to be you, then who?" "It was supposed to be Leon." Ren processes that for a moment. "Why does everything cycle back around to him? What the hell happened between you two?" He fully expects Hux to not tell him, to order him to leave. Surprisingly though, the General starts to talk. "Leon was three years my senior. He was completing additional training at the Academy when we met in my junior year there, logistics work," Hux's voice is soft as he speaks. "I didn't think anything of it and ... I fell in love with him. I fell hot, hard, and embarrassingly, desperately in love with him," Hux laughs softly, embarrassed by his own memories, raking a hand back through his hair and then resting his hand on the back of his neck. "It was like someone had breathed new life into me, like I'd been given hope all over again. And for two years, no matter what horrors I had to face I knew I could make it through them so long as I had him by my side." "So what happened?" Ren asked, reaching out with the Force and lightly touching Hux, feeling his energy. It was unusually bright and also sad. So very sad. "Six months before my final test in my senior year, the test that would be my graduation and put me in the field as a officer of the First Order, we hatched a plan. We thought we could run," Hux's voice wavered. "We would flee, be free of my father, the Academy and the Order," he offered the Knight a lopsided grin. Hux hadn't forgotten the night Ren had whispered those words to him, and how deeply they had shaken the General. "So we plotted and planned and our pillow talk turned from ruling the Galaxy side by side to what planet our new home would be on. To what it would be like to not live under the thumb of the First Order. The day of my test came ..." Hux shook for a moment, putting a hand to his mouth. Ren didn't move, watching the emotions tear through the red head with awe, drinking in every small tremor and detail. Both visible and through the Force. "Did they catch him?" Ren asked breathlessly. "Worse. They made it seem that way," Hux rubbed his face with his hand. "I watched him be tortured for the better part of three hours. I was given the order to kill him, on accounts of treason and selling information to our enemies. Instead, instead I shot the guards," Hux's voice is almost a whisper now. "I freed him and we ran . I think I killed ten guards, maybe more in our flight. It all blurs together now... But I was so sure we were going to make it. We had a ship hidden just outside the Academy grounds, but we never reached it. It was blown up as we broke through the last gate. We were knocked back and I lost my blaster. When I tried to get up, I realized that I hadn't lost it at all, Leon had taken it." Ren straightened, his brow furrowing. He did not like where this was leading. But he did not interrupt. "So on my knees I stared up into the eyes of the boy I loved as he held the blaster to my head. And I've never seen such hatred and disgust in all my life Kylo, not even from my father. He kicked me back down and laughed and that's when the illusion came undone. When I realized the betrayal that had happened. It hadn't been a test for me but for him. I was Leon's final test before he became General of the First Order. My father had realized that I was too soft, too weak and too differently minded to lead the First Order. So instead he selected another and offered me up as sacrifice for someone more capable. So for those two years every kiss, every promise was a lie. Then he fired and the fool missed. He missed at point blank rage!" Hux gave a short, pained laugh. "Leon was clever but a terrible shot. So we fought, I broke my hand punching him. I had no idea how to fight, not properly. They didn't teach you that at the Academy, it was considered too barbaric," Hux snorts with laughter at the irony of it. "Having children murder each other is perfectly fine, but no, teaching someone to properly throw a punch is just far too much!" He feels Ren's eyes boring into him, as if the Knight will use the Force to see right into the center of his soul. "In the end I shot him, I killed the boy I loved, the boy who betrayed me," Hux finished quietly. "Much to my father's dismay. But they couldn't keep me there, for all practical purposes I had passed my test. My father's scheme was unknown to the other heads of the Academy. So they shipped me off to start my service to the First Order. I think my father expected me to die during those initial two years. Somehow I just keep disappointing him. It's been almost four years since my graduation Kylo, and I'm tired of not being good enough. So hopefully you can forgive my resignation towards my impending death at this point." It is silent for a few minutes until the Knight speaks again. "Why do you care so much about impressing the man who killed your mother and who torments you?" "I suppose for the same reasons you continue to call Snoke your 'Master'," Hux tells him wearily. Ren nods and then he suddenly needs to move. Needs to be away from the raw emotions pouring off the General. He needs time to process the magnitude of what he's been told. All the pieces have finally fallen into place and he needs to stand back and look at the picture they've assembled now. Without another word he picks his helmet up and stands to leave. "Kylo, wait!" Hux calls after him. There is something desperate in his voice, something so pained that it give the Knight pause and he slowly turns back to look at Hux. The General is standing now, breathing heavily, as if he's just jumped to his feet. Ren tilts his head, helmet in one hand, about to go through the motion of placing it back on his head. It is silent again and again Ren turns to leave. "I love you." The words are anything but quiet, and Kylo Ren freezes as he hears them. He looks at Hux and feels that spark of Light in his chest tremble as if it is threatening to burst inside him. Those are the words he's been longing to hear, the words that he was suppose to tell the General and yet still hasn't. He could say them now. Could save them both the heart ache, but Ren doesn't trust himself. The air is too thick and his own mind is close to reeling from the enormity of Hux's confessions. "I know," he promises the other, his own voice trembling. That is all he do right now, slipping the helmet on and leaving the General's office. He can't stay, not with things so volatile. He needs space, needs air and to let the intense emotions stirred within himself and Hux both to calm. If he stays who knows what will happen. Ren finds his way down to the medical bay again and crushes his anxiety down again as he goes to Phasma's room and sits next to her, his helmet going to sit on her bedside table again as he watches her sleep. She wakes after a time and touches his hand, as if sensing how overwhelmed he feels. "He told me," Ren whispers. "He finally told me. He told me..." he can hear the amazement in his voice. He's almost like a love struck school child, giddy and terrified at the same time. And did you tell him? "I... I couldn't," he admits and Phasma whacks him over the head with her notepad. Stupid boy. "I know, I know." Why? "I ... He told me things. Things I wish I had known months ago. It would have changed everything." Ren hangs his head. "I wish he had trusted me enough to tell me then. Not the damn day before he might die." Die? He meets with Snoke today? "Later this evening yes." He feels Phasma squeeze his hand extra hard. What will you do? "If it is already decided then there is nothing I can do." Phasma taps the notepad in aggravation, not liking the answer and points to the question again. "I don't know," the Knight admits quietly. "What could I possibly do?" You're the one with Force abilities. You tell me. --- This was it. Hux turned down the corridor that would take him to Snoke's holo meeting chamber. His heart was racing and he felt like he just might throw up. It is time to see if he lives as Ren seems to think he might or if he dies in disgrace. "Sir! Wait!" someone calls after him and Hux pauses, turning as he hears the sound of someone flat out running down the hall towards him. Much to his surprise it is Mikata. The Lieutenant is panting for breath and doubles over as soon as he reaches Hux. "Is there something you urgently needed Lieutenant?" Hux asked levelly. The younger man looks up at him, still panting. "The-" Pant. "Commandant-" Mikata gasps for breath. Hux feels his blood run cold. "Just got here." Pant. Gasp. Pant. "A few minutes ago. He's already inside the chamber," Mikata gasped. "I tried to find you but you weren't in your office," he explains in a frantic rush. Hux swallows heavily, his hands clenching into fists at his sides. So that's how it was then. "Thank you, Lieutenant," he says as calmly as he can manage. "See to it that no one comes through this corridor and that no one disturbs our meeting. No matter what, is that understood?" "Yes. Yes Sir," the other man looks like he desperately has more to say, but he holds his tongue. Hux turns from him and enters the holo chamber. He is greeted not only by Snoke's enormous hologram, but nine others, the five heads of the Academy and the four leaders of the arms training division that was responsible for their Stormtroopers. Lastly his father stands among the heads of the Academy, in the flesh and with a terrible sneer on his face. If Hux didn't know any better he would feel like he was being court martialed. "General Hux," the Supreme Leader speaks first. "How thrilling it is to see you, alive. I trust you bring me good news?" "Chelloa is officially allied to the First Order and its cause Supreme Leader," Hux doesn't let his voice waver. "Go on," Snoke has a look on his face that Hux has learned not to trust, it is one he has seen many times right before something awful happens to Ren. "Tell us of the work you have been doing these past few months. Tell us how you took Chelloa." If there is one thing Hux can do it is talk, as long as he talks, he is alive, he has bought himself time. So he spares no detail in the training that he and Phasma have gone through with the troopers. He explains every tactical move he has come up with, every formation, attack and counterattack, contrasting it to how the Old Empire would have operated. The heads of the Academy and arms training look increasingly displeased the longer he talks. But Hux doesn't falter. He points out the flaws of the Old Empire's methods and how the Rebellion constantly out maneuvered and out paced them despite having few resources. The Rebellion is not unlike the Resistance now, but this Resistance has powerful friends in the Republic who secretly fund them. The First Order has its own political sympathizers but for the most part the Republic remains content to turn a blind eye to what is happening. Which works to the advantage of the First Order, so long as they can take out the Resistance. They must adapt to their enemies' tactics. They cannot make the same mistakes as the Old Empire. "So you really took Chelloa with fifty Stormtroopers?" one of the arms trainers asks him. "Fifty troopers, myself, my Stormtrooper Captain and Lord Ren," Hux glances at Snoke, who looks displeased. Hux doesn't give him a chance to reprimand him. "I chose those who would be most beneficial to our operation. The Captain trained the troopers with me. She is remarkably capable; Lord Ren, while less experienced in troop command, is a powerful force. We needed to execute our plans quickly and when focused he is unstoppable, you have trained him well, Supreme Leader." "You also had him shield you and the Captain against an orbital strike," Snoke growls, and Hux feels his chest tighten. Of course Snoke would was going to be unhappy about that. "An incredibly risky maneuver." "One that allowed us to wipe out a majority of the Chelloan militia. I trusted in Ren's abilities." "You gambled recklessly with two of the Order's most valuable assets!" one of the Academy head's snaps. "There are times when such gambles are necessary," Hux raises his chin defiantly. "Just as collateral damage is sometimes necessary. They are never the norm if there is another way." They continue to cross examine him, questioning him about the events of Chelloa over and over, squeezing out every detail that they can. Hux doesn't know how long he stands there, but his throat grows dry and his voice threatens to give out as his head starts to spin. Worst of all he feels Snoke pressing in on his mind, searching for the faintest hint of weakness. He ignores it and keeps talking until there is no more to say. The silence of the holo chamber presses in around him. "So you spent three months developing plans," Snoke murmures. "That when put into practice, even when you utilized both my Apprentice and your Stormtrooper captain, left you at a casualty rate of twenty-six percent. You ordered an orbital strike on your exact position on the off chance that you /might/ survive. Your Captain was grievously wounded, your scouts all killed and the entire mission was put in jeopardy. In all my long years I have never met a more foolish and arrogant man," Snoke drawls in displeasure. Hux feels his skin crawl. This is it, this is the part where Snoke hands down his death sentence. Hux closed his eyes, bracing himself, waiting for the end to come crashing down. "Yet your troopers rallied to you, continued to fight by your side and it would seem you have even taught my Apprentice a thing or two about the matter of managing himself on the battlefield. You took Chelloa in thirty-one hours with limited supplies, limited troops and no air support, a feat that no one else present in this chamber can boast," Snoke murmurs, his tone almost thoughtful. Hux dares to open his eyes, glancing up at the Supreme Leader. "Despite our many misgivings, General Hux, you have proven yourself to be valuable, dedicated and insightful to the First Order as well as a formidable general. You are right in your thinking that the Order has clung to the ideals of the Empire for too long. You have proven that change is not only healthy but necessary for the Order." Hux lets out a quiet breath, trying to not feel too relieved just yet. He feels his father's eyes burning into him, the hatred from the older man is palpable. "Thank you Supreme Leader," somehow his voice manages to not shake. "You will finish out these plans, undisturbed," Snoke pauses long enough to give Brendol Hux what is unmistakably some side-eye before returning his attention to the younger Hux. "They will be the basis for our restructuring. Then you will continue to lead our troops in the field, you will continue work on Starkiller Base. You will also think up a name for the new Star Destroyer you will be receiving, from it I expect you to command the First Order and bring the Republic to heel." "For the glory of the First Order, I will not fail you Supreme Leader," Hux can't believe that he is capable of making the words leave his lips. Snoke nods and then his hologram vanishes, followed one by one of the remaining ten holograms until it is just Hux and his father along in the dim room. There is not time to bask in relief, to absorb the shock of still being alive. The two men glare at each other. Hux raises his chin slightly, not shrinking from his fathers gaze. You could have at least died properly on Chelloa, Brendol spits the words. The older mans hatred for him, his overwhelming malignance for his own flesh and blood defies logic. Perhaps that is because despite all Huxs weaknesses, all the things that should have gotten him killed, the General who takes too much after his mother has managed to succeed. Hmm, it seems I have disappointed you yet again, Commandant, the General turns on his heel to leave, determined to give his father no more of his time. That is when Brendol attacks him. The older man is driven by rage, by hatred and how this pathetic child has outdone him time and time again. He slams into Hux, sending him to the floor where they grapple. Brendol's hand go around his son's throat as the other punches at him. The first time Hux jerks his head to the side and Brendol's fist hits the floor, the second time though he isn't so lucky and his father's blow lands on his face, stunning him as the man chokes him. Another blow lands and Hux feels the stitches on his scalp reopen. Blood is pouring down his face now and he panics. Hux twists and kicks, clawing desperately to get free until he manages to sink one clawed finger into the soft part of his father's eye socket. The older man howls in pain and pulls back finally allowing Hux to maneuver enough to throw the heavier man off by shifting his weight just right. They both go for their blasters, Hux retreating towards the door as his father advances on him, opening fire as he does. Brendol Hux is half blind now and his shots go wild as Hux frantically mashes his code into the pad at the door to unlock it. He turns as his father comes up on him and shoots the blaster out of his hand. As the door to the holochamber slides open, Brendol bodily grabs the smaller man by collar and waistband of his pants. The Commandant lifting Hux up and throws him out into the hall. He might be older now, but Brendol Hux is still strong and fueled by hatred. The General hits the wall on the opposite side of the hall and slides to ground with a small noise, gasping for breath as the air is knocked out of his lungs. He has just seconds to recover and is scrambling. His head spinning as he rolls out of the way and the Commandant brings his foot down, intent on crushing Hux's skull. Hux finds his feet as his father lunges at him again and this time he is ready. Even with his head spinning and blood spilling all over his face, hair and uniform, he is more ready than his father ever was. He dodges the Commandant's sloppy lunge, landing a blow to his kidneys that causes him to stagger. But the Commandant is a large man, and the blow is like slapping a rancor with a broom. He lunges at Hux again. The General evades, not quite fast enough as one of Brendol's fists connect with his side and sends him down on one knee. Brendol moves to kick him in the face and Hux's hands catch the other man's foot and he twists. Ren had shown him this trick, how to apply the right pressure to the right joint and it would just force the opponent's body to move wherever you desired. He desired his father on his back and Brendol Hux slams down so hard into the floor that Hux is certain the entire Star Destroyer shakes. But Brendol is resilient, almost like a machine and he recovers, but not before Hux can land to fast blow to his head. Now they're both bleeding as they grapple in the hallway and as Brendol surges forward again. Hux catches the fist that was meant to connect with his head and twists again, sending his father face first into the nearest wall. The General doesn't let go of his father's hand and continues to twist the older man's wrist hard enough to make him yelp in pain. "Now you listen and you listen well Commandant," Hux growls as he continues to apply pressure to the man's wrist. "If you ever come on my ship uninvited again, if you ever touch me again I will have you court-marshaled, stripped of your rank and send you to work in a sanitation plant. Is that completely clear?" His father doesn't answer him, stubborn man that he his. Hux applies more pressure to his wrist and there is the popping noise of tendons and then finally the snap of bone as his father howls in pain. "I said: is that clear?" Hux shouts over his father's noise. "Yes!" Hux eases off the pressure on his father's wrist and shoves the man away from him, sending him staggering down the hall. "Get. Off. My. Ship." He growls and the Commandant flees, leaving a trail of blood behind him. "General!" He hears Mikata's frightened voice behind him. "You need a medic!" "I'm fine, Mikata," Hux turns to address him and suddenly his vision fades to black and he finds himself down on one knee the terrified lieutenant trying to help him up. "Mikata, get off," Hux muttered, his hands are shaking from adrenaline and his body doesn't seem to be willing to respond to his commands. 'Get. Up.' The order reaches through the haze of adrenaline and pain and settles itself on Hux's brain like a tick. Hux finds his body responding to the order and doesn't try to fight it. Slowly he manages to rise. 'Good. Get rid of Mikata.' "Lieutenant, I'm fine. Ensure that the Commandant leaves this ship." "But Sir-" "That's an order Lieutenant!" Mikata scampers after giving his General a final concerned look and Hux is left alone with only the sound of his breathing. 'Don't collapse. I'm almost there.' The order comes through and Hux feels like the voice in his head is strangely familiar. He can't quite place it at the moment as it is taking all his concentration to not fall face first onto the floor. There is the sound of footsteps approaching him and Hux swears to the Maker that if it is Mikata again he may just hit the other man. Then a voice that comes from above his head is speaking. "Easy, I've got you." Instantly it feels like there are a thousand strings pulling at his limbs, making his body move like a finely controlled puppet and Hux falls into step with the man beside him. A glance down through the blood shows him black boots and robes. "Ren?" Hux manages. "Sorry I couldn't come sooner. The holo chamber has a dampening field on it, I can't break through it with the Force. I couldn't tell what was happening until the doors opened," Ren's voice is low and oddly apologetic. "It isn't... isn't your responsibility to... " Hux feels his brain having a hard time making the words form correctly. Even with whatever Force trick Ren is doing to make Hux's limbs keep working the General feels his body starting to give out. "Ren, I can't-" Hux starts to feel his legs give out from under him and he makes a small noise as he starts to collapse. "Easy," Ren's voice is almost right in his ear as strong arms go around Hux's waist and shoulders. "Easy Hux. I've got you. I've got you," the Knight murmurs. 'You're good enough. I promise.' The thought echoes in his head and it is the last thing Hux knows before unconsciousness takes him. -- I love you. The words echo in Ren's mind and make him feel warm from head to toe. They make that damnable spark of Light quiver within him. That Light though, is what convinces him completely that what he wants is right. That his feelings towards the General are not wrong or misguided, that he isn't crazy. That there is hope in the most surprising of places. When Ren had gone to confess, it had instead been Hux who had reached out. Hux who had admitted it first, startling as that had been. Tactically erroneous as that had been for the General, given that Ren hadn't responded in kind. His own preoccupation and anxiety getting the better of him. But the General's quiet admittance gave the Knight the most intoxicating feeling of hope . They can rise from the ashes of their ruined relationship. Then he felt the first wave of panic trickle through his connection to the Force, interrupting his meditation. Belatedly, he realized it was Mikata, who was always in one form of panic or another. Then he realized exactly why the Third Lieutenant was so frazzled: Commandant Brendol Hux had come to observe his son's final report. Ren frowned, this did not bode well. But when he reached out to search for the other man's presence, he couldn't find it. Brow furrowing, Ren focused his concentration on the Lieutenant who was sprinting to intercept Hux before he went into the holo chamber. He could sense Hux's shock at the news, the fear that gripped him and for the barest of moments caught a flash of the frightened child hiding under his bed. Then it was gone. All of it. As if Hux himself had been removed from their very plane of existence. Mikata was still there, fretting at the General's most recent order, but Hux... The holo chamber. Ren had never tried to search through that room with the Force. He'd never thought about it even, unless he had to meet Snoke. Now that he did though, it made perfect sense. Of course it would repel Force-Sensitives. This Star Destroyer was old, from a time when Jedi had once been plentiful. It would have certain safety measures in place still to prevent sensitive information from being detected or stolen by spies who could use the Force. Did that mean though... if Hux was correct in his approximation of his situation and he did truly end up dead, would the Knight even know? Surely something that strong as a loss of life would not be blocked by mere walls, no matter if the Empire had designed them or not. It was almost frightening the Knight realized, to not be able to sense the redhead through the Force. 'Phasma,' he changed his aim and reached out to the Captain with the Force. He felt her groggily acknowledge him, her mental acuity dulled by the newest round of pain medication they had given her. Her thoughts come through as waves of emotions, sensations and colors rather then actual words. 'I have a bad feeling about this. The Commandant is here,' he tells her. Her response is an uncoordinated jumble of anger towards the older man and a swell of concern towards Hux. 'If ... if something goes wrong. Your room is closest and you have that stash of medical supplies, would you mind if we commandeered it?' She responds with a flood of warm kindness that makes Ren's heart ache. Although there is some vague worrying about her bedspread getting dirtied, as she is very fond of that bedspread. 'If he is hurt I very much doubt that you have to worry about a mess on your bedspread,' Ren feels himself smiling slightly. 'Thank you sis, rest now.' He reaches through the Force and strokes her face gently before cutting their connection. All he can do now is wait, and the bad feeling in his gut doesn't go away as the hours tick by. He senses Mitaka lingering near the corridor that leads to the holo chamber, the younger man is worried as well and briefly Ren wonders why the timid lieutenant is so heavily investing himself. It is a question for later, the Knight focuses his concentration on the holo chamber, searching patiently for any flicker through the Force that might give him a hint as to what has happened. Then, finally, there is a crack in the chamber. No, not a crack, the door itself has opened and he senses Hux. Relief floods the Knight, but it is short lived as he can sense the Commandant as well. There is cold fury, rage that is almost terrifying even to Kylo Ren. Suddenly pain clouds Ren's connection to the Force and he is knocked out of his meditation with such force that he tumbles to the ground from the floating cross-legged position he had been in. Ren picks himself up, reaching through the Force, he senses Hux, still alive, still fighting. The Knight quietly thanks the Maker and he start to move. --- He had really hoped to get Hux further than they did before the General lost consciousness. But it was what it was and Hux had been bleeding badly, so Ren had scooped the redhead up in his arms, cloaked them in the Force and carried Hux the rest of the way to Phasma's quarters. The General was now lying on the Captain's bathroom floor, as Ren pulled off his mask, cowl, cloak and gloves and reached for Phasma's first aid kit and some towels. Then he began the process of seeing just how bad the damage was. Superficially there were the torn stitches in Hux's forehead that were bleeding all over the floor, bruises on his face where his lip had been split and Ren was sure his nose was broken now. The head wounds looked bad, but they always did. He undid Hux's black uniform jacket, sliding it off of him and as he did two envelopes dislodged from where they were stuff inside the interior breast pocket of the jacket.. They were crumpled and bent slightly from the Generals fight with his father but that aside their seals were unbroken. One envelope had Rens name on it, the other had Phasmas, written in Huxs elegant scrawl. The Knight stared at them for a long moment and then set them aside, getting an anxious feeling under his skin the longer he looked at them. Ren traced his fingers over the black undershirt that covered the General's torso, checking for injuries that would have been hidden by the jacket. Delicately scanning for anything that might have been ruptured or hemorrhaged from the fight. There were a few swollen, tender spots from blows, but no damage to his organs. There were bruises on the General's neck but nothing deeper. If it had been worse Ren would have been forced to take him to the medical bay and possibly explain exactly why the General was in such a state. He suspected that Hux didn't wish for the violent nature of his relationship with his father to be public knowledge. Although given that their latest confrontation had spilled out into the hallway and Mitaka had definitely been witness to most of it, there were probably rumors flying about already. Then again it was Mitaka, not another petty officer, so the younger man might hold his tongue. Gently Ren staunched the worst of the bleeding on Huxs forehead. He rinsed the blood away with a soaking wash cloth and stitched Hux's scalp back together. The General whimpered and flinched as the needle and thread dragged through his skin again and Ren gently shushed him. Once that was done he washed the blood off Hux's face again and out of his hair. Then with extreme care, Ren lifted the other man up and carried him to the bed, ridding him of his boots and belt and covering him with a blanket. He really needed to clean up the bathroom, get the blood off the floor and the first aid kit put away, but he was reluctant to take his eyes off Hux. The Knight reached out through the Force and didn't sense the Commandant anywhere on the ship. Ren lightly touched Mitaka's mind, the young lieutenant acted as a good baseline for such things. Yes, Brendol Hux was gone and apparently with a broken wrist to send him off. Ren pulled himself out of the Force and glanced back down at Hux. He felt a surge of pride go through him at the knowledge that Hux had done that and he had used what Ren had taught him too. "You did well, my General," Ren murmured, stroking Hux's hair. The General twists and leans into the touch with a soft hum. Ren bites his lip for a moment indecisively. Then kicks off his boots and sheds his undershirt and crawls onto the bed so he lies across from Hux, not so close that they touch, but enough that he can feel Hux's body heat radiating off him. Ren props himself up with a hand resting against his head and watches the General breathe. Slowly the Knights mind starts to wander as he studies the unconscious redhead. His eyes keep going back to the bruises that are blossoming in purple and blue all over Huxs neck and each time he feels a fresh wave of rage towards the Commandant. He wants to know what transpired in the holo chamber, what his Master has said to Hux and the Knight considers reaching to Huxs mind. If there was ever a time that he could do so with ease, it would be now. Hux is entirely defenseless, it would be easy to do so. Lightly, Ren presses his hand against the side of Huxs head, and calls the Force around him. He pulls that tiny spark of Light forward, carefully wrapping it in cool Darkness and nudges against the Generals mind. Ren finds no barriers, no defenses. Instead it is oddly quiet in Huxs mind, the most quiet Ren can ever remember it being. He presses deeper and finds only darkness, as if Hux had locked every mental door he had before he passed out. Carefully, Ren unsheathes the Light from its shroud of darkness and lets its warm glow pulsate through the Generals mind. A tremor goes through Huxs physical body and inside his mind Ren watches in small awe as the darkness fades away to reveal a door to him. The Knight marvels at this for a moment, clearly he had underestimated the Generals ability to master his thoughts. Or this was something buried deeper in Hux that even he was unaware of, some sort of reflex, born of self-preservation. Ren hesitates and then reaches out, brushing against the door presented to him. It too fades away and Ren is blinded by a light so brilliant that he almost pulls out of Huxs mind. It fades quickly enough and Ren finds himself standing in a field. Its something picturesque, out of a storybook, no such place truly exists. There is no place with so much light, so much color and warmth. The Knights reflex is to flee from the place as the tendrils of warmth reach out towards him. But then he hears the haunting words. Soft and guttural, making sounds that he didnt know a human voice could. Ag amharc tri m'oige Se me bhi samh Gan eolas marbh Bhi me og gan am He doesnt understand them, but they are beautiful and sad. So heartbreakingly sad. He follows the crone of the voice, wondering in small amazement how Hux has managed to dream this up. If this is some mental retreat the General pulls into, or a bizarre dream, because there is no way this could ever possibly be real. Hux isnt this creative, all of that has been trained and beaten out of him. Hux doesnt know other languages, not like this. Anois taim buartha 'S fad ar shiul an la Ochon is ochon o Ren stops, holding his breath as the source of the singing becomes apparent. There is a woman sitting on the ground, her clothes are simple spun linen that is faded and patched from years of wear. Her red hair falls over her shoulders and down her back in loose ringlets, half up in a bun secured by a paintbrush. In her lap lies Hux. He isnt a child here, but an adult as Ren knows him. The Generals breathing slow and steady with sleep as the woman strokes his hair back from his face. He looks remarkably peaceful, the calmest Ren has ever seen him. Na laetha geal m'oige Bhi siad lan de dhochas An bealach mo a bhi romhan ansin Bhi se i ndan dom go mbeadh me slan She looks up from Hux to meet Rens gaze and the Knight takes a step back slightly, suddenly feeling like hes intruding. Technically he is, hes in Huxs mind without permission, and it hadnt bothered him until now. It bothered him more that the response he is given is not one of anger, but disappointment. Sadness. The woman looks away from him and continues to stroke Huxs hair. To Rens surprise, she speaks to him. The letter, it is for you, her accent plays tricks with her words and it takes a moment for Ren to understand her. Go and read it, let him rest a while longer, she tells the Knight. Youre his mother, Ren blurts out stupidly. Hes suddenly breathless and shaking. The woman looks back at him and inclines her head in a slow nod. Are- Are you real? He asks in a whisper, trying to understand this mental space that Hux has created. Its suddenly urgent that he do so. Does it matter if I am? Her smile is gentle and kind and makes something in Rens chest ache. Desperately he wants his own mother, her arms around him like that, chasing away the horrors that hes faced. He longs for her her embrace, the smell of her perfume and her voice telling him that everything will be all right. Go now, a leanbh, the woman murmurs and Ren feels himself shoved backwards, not unkindly, but firmly and he surfaces from Huxs mind with a gasp. The Knight lies there, panting for breath, staring at Hux. The General makes no sign of realizing that Ren had been rifling through his thoughts, he lies unconscious still, slowly breathing. The letter. Suddenly hes terrified of what it might contain. Of what Hux might have written within it. As if breaking the seal on its envelope will unleash some terrible Pandoras Box upon them. But now he has to know. Ren gets up and walks to the bathroom, picking up the discarded parts of his uniform and Huxs jacket and setting them on the counter. He avoids the letters and instead cleans the blood off the floor and packs up Phasmas first aid kit. Theyll have to replenish it soon at this rate. And then there is no avoiding it. Nothing else he can distract himself with. He breaks the seal on the envelope with trembling hands, pulling out the papers contained within it. The first few pages look like legal documents, formal military orders and things that Ren doesnt bother to read. He puts them aside on the counter in favor of the last page, which is entirely hand written. Kylo Ren, If you are reading this, then my approximation of my fate was correct. Hux, you idiot, Ren whispered, looking away from the paper and blinking rapidly. There was a swell of emotion in the Knights chest that made his body feel too tight, and his heart ache. He didnt want to read what else was in the letter, he knew exactly what it was. Huxs last goodbye. Finally Ren looked back at the paper. I know you wont have read the other papers, you have no taste for formal proceedings. But you must not lose them. I do not pretend to know what future your connection to the Force has shown you, but it is my hope that if I can do one small act of kindness in this awful life I have lived that it will be one that assists you on your path. This will not begin to ever make up for the pain I have caused you, nor the danger I have asked you to put yourself in on my account, but I hope that it will make your journey easier. If you should chose to stay with the First Order, I have ensured that the various assets and privileges I have accumulated will go to you and Phasma. It should be enough to see you both through the remainder of your service quite comfortably. Ren had to look away from the letter again, his vision was blurring, his eyes burning terribly as he sucked in a shaky breath. If though? That was a strange word to use. He looked back at the letter. However, if your destiny lies elsewhere, I have set up the paperwork to transfer what was left to me by my mother to you. All that is required is your signature. What? Ren had to re-read the line. He read it over and over again, and his brain couldnt seem to accept it. It was too surreal. Hux would offer him whatever was left of his mother's estate, something so dear to the General, and for a means to escape at that. Ren's fingers traced over the words, the ink was slightly smeared, the paper wrinkled in little circles around words as if tears had fallen on the paper as the letter was being written. It is not much, but it is unaffiliated with the Order. It is my hope that in leaving this to you, I will provide you with the means to free yourself. That you can leave this hell behind and run. In all honesty Kylo, I hope you chose to run. I hope you chose freedom over this dark hell. I hope you are able to escape this, escape Snoke, because you are so much more than that creature could ever comprehend. Sln agus beannacht, Feidhelm Hux Ren stares at the paper in his hands for a long time until he realizes hes crying. Slowly he sinks to the floor of the bathroom, the letter clutched in his hand, the paper crumpling as he tries to regain control of himself. It is too much to process. It drives home with agonizing clarity, the truthfulness of the Generals words to him the night prior. It also chills Ren in a way that unsettles him, Hux had really expected to die. And he had gone into that meeting without Ren ever telling him- There was a clatter from the bedroom that made the Knight jump. He stands, dropping the letter to the counter and moves to the other room. The General had woken up it would seem, and promptly panicked at unfamiliar surroundings. The end result was Hux on the floor along with Phasma's nightstand and its contents. The Knight reached out through the Force and gently restrained the panicking redhead. A strangled noise of fear came from Hux's throat. "Easy, you're fine. You're safe," Ren murmured, as he crouched behind Hux, stroking a hand over Hux's back in long, slow motions. "He's gone, Mitaka made sure of it." He pulls the trembling man against him, feeling his muscles tensing against Ren's hold on him. "Just breathe Hux. Breathe." It takes the redhead several minutes before he calms down enough for Ren to release the Force restraints he's placed on him. Hux is still shaking but Ren is certain now that he won't punch him in a blind panic. The Knight helps him stand and guides him back to the bed, sitting next to him, silently letting the General take stock of his situation. "Where?" Hux finally asked hoarsely. "Phasma's quarters," the Knight tells him. "Wait a moment," he stands and goes back to the bathroom, he ignores the crumpled letter, leaving it on the counter and returns with a glass of water, offering it to Hux as he sits back down. The General took it with a noise of thanks and drank it down in a few gulps. They sit silently then, Hux clutching the empty glass between his hands and pointedly not looking at the Knight. "How many people saw me collapse?" he finally asked. "No one. We were alone when you did and I made sure no one saw any thing else. The only loose end is Mitaka," Ren assures him. He desperately wants to reach out and touch him again but Hux is radiating an anxious energy that makes the Knight hesitant to do so. "Mitaka is the last person in the Galaxy that I'm worried about," Hux mumbles, he reaches up and gingerly touches the fresh stitches along his hairline, wincing as he does. "You did these?" he asked Ren, finally glancing up at him. "I did. Sorry, there wasn't any filament thread, we only had the black in the fi-" "Thank you," Hux cuts him off gently, looking away again as he sets the glass in his hands on the floor and rests his hands on his knees. He means it, there is a strange humility to it that Ren can sense. A gratitude as well, that interconnects with it all and beneath that the Knight can catch the faintest glimmers of love. It makes the spark of Light in Ren's chest leap about with excitement and Ren swallows heavily. They sit in silent for a few seconds until the Knight reaches out and places a hand over one of Hux's. He had never realized just how small the other man's hands were. "Hux, are you okay?" he quietly asks. There is a sharp intake of breath from the other man at the touch and then, slowly he lets it out, staring very hard at the hand that is resting over his. Finally he looks back at Ren. "No. I haven't been for a very long time," he drops his eyes, studying their hands again, as if it is a specimen he's never seen before. "What about you?" "Not really." "Ah." It is silent once more and slowly Ren moves the hand resting over Hux's and gently intertwines their fingers. Hux doesn't pull away, doesn't fight him, but his breathing quickens a little. "Hux?" "Yes Ren?" "I found the letters," Ren tells him, and he feels Hux tense next to him. "Did you now? I assume you read them?" Hux's voice is strained. "Only mine," Ren bites his lip. He can't seem to vocalize everything that is whirling around inside him. The temperature in the room drops around them as the Knight struggles with his emotions. "Hux ..." "I meant it. Every word of it," the General looks up at him, green eyes too wide and too bright. His free hand goes to stroke Ren's face and the Knight leans into the touch. "Even now, if you wanted to go-" "Stop it," Ren pulls away from his touch, feeling frustration build in him. "I- Leaving- it isn't my destiny." Silence comes between them again and Hux looks away, studying their interlaced fingers again. "But being by your side is," Ren finally says and Hux looks up at him sharply. He opens his mouth to say something but Ren places a hand firmly over it. "I know we can't go back to what we were, and quite frankly I don't want to. But I want to build something new, I want it to be different. I want to follow the path that keeps me by your side." Ren meets Hux's eyes and bites his lip, brows knitting together. Slowly he took his hand off the General's mouth, hoping beyond hope that these next words are the right ones. "I love you, Hux. I never stopped. I was mad as hell and you hurt me and I wish to the Maker you'd trusted me enough to tell me why ," Ren feels his voice tremble, but he can't stop the words now that he's found them. "Before all of this happened. I wish you'd told me about Leon, about your father. You told me to trust you and the yet whole time you wouldn't trust me. I need you to trust me Hux. Unconditionally. I will never knowingly endanger you. I will never betray you ." Hux is trembling in his grip and drops his gaze from Ren's eyes. Ren feels a swell of shame come from the General, at his weaknesses, his embarrassment at them and it won't soon be forgotten. It takes Hux swallowing a few times before he seems to be able to speak. "And the Order? Your Master?" He asks quietly and Ren can sense his mind working, anticipating a trap, trying to find every possible angle. Of course it would, that was why Hux was a good General. Ren took a deep breath. "I don't give a damn about any of it. Not the Republic, not the Order, I have no taste for politics. I do not care who rules the Galaxy." He sees Hux nod, reading the subtle dismay on the redhead's face at what was unsaid. "And Snoke?" Here Ren hesitates then he answers. "Loyal? No. Terrified though ... yes," he shuddered, his Master is his own weakness and he hates himself for it. It has been months since he has communicated directly with his Master and he dreads the day that he has to do so again. Hux moves then and Ren makes no motion to stop him. The General pulls himself free of Ren's grasp and repositions himself on the bed so he isn't perched as haphazardly on the edge. Then he leans forward and wraps his arms around the Knight, pulling Ren backwards and side ways into his lap. Ren doesn't fight him, but falls back into the embrace in relief. "I trust you Kylo," Hux whispers, holding the other man tightly against him. "I love you and I don't want to lose you, ever again." The pressure in Ren's chest suddenly snaps and it's like a dam collapsing. A sob leaves him and Ren turns in Hux's arms. He buries his face in the General's chest, arms going to encircle him. One of Hux's hands goes to card through his hair and they fall backwards on the bed, legs tangling together in an effort to pull themselves as close to each other as physically possible. "I missed you," Hux whispers to him as they embrace and Ren can feel the sharp ache of the General's solitude. "I missed you so fucking much. Every day." "I thought I would go mad," Ren chokes out, its all he can do to keep breathing as he holds tightly to the other. "You were my entire world and then you pushed me away!" he cries, sobbing whole heartedly into Hux's chest, soaking his black undershirt. "I won't let you. I've got you Kylo. I'm here, I'm so sorry. Never, never again," Hux promises and they fall silent, words exhausted now and the only sound in the room is that of Kylo's quiet sobs and Hux's unsteady breathing as they cling to each other. They aren't fixed, they're still both incredibly broken beings. They may never be "right" in any sense of the word. And yet somehow they fit together, like two shabby pieces of a worn out puzzle, edges rubbed raw and paper peeling off the back. Alone they are easily discarded, but together they complete each other. Notes: The foreign language I'm utilizing is Gaelic Irish. "Na Laetha Geal M'Oige" translates as follows: "Looking back at my youth I was content Without dead knowledge I was young, without time Now I'm sorrowful Those days are long past Sadness and loss The great days of my youth They were full of expectation The great journey that was before me then Happiness was in store for me " a leanbh-"my child" Sln agus beannacht-"goodbye and blessings" Chapter 10 Notes: Thank you all for your patience as I've worked out this latest chapter. It is a very long one, as those of you who follow me on Instagram (@ thecraftycodingfangirl) have seen my word counts. I am honestly expecting ch11 to meet or exceed this one, depending on how the plot points work out. I am rather loath at this point to change the chapter count, but I suppose I shall see. I have so much that I want to say about this chapter, to express my intention and all the emotions wrapped up in it.. But I must resist and let what I've written speak for itself and hope that you as a reader are moved by it and see the transformation that is happening among the characters. On that note Gentle Reader I would warn you that there are the following potentially disturbing themes in this chapter: -dom/sub -semi-graphic torture -hostage situations -death threats -mental break downs that result in self harm I will also caution the reader that I am introducing additional female characters, one that canonically exists and I have utilized for the purpose of this fiction, the other that does not. I know this is very off-putting to some, and I debated long and hard about bringing both of these characters into the story. In the end however, I chose to do so because I felt that their presence has and will continue to enrich the experience and the depth of the tale that I am telling. As always, thank you for sticking with me as I weave this tale. It is an extreme pleasure and privilege to share this with all of you and hear your feedback. A very, very big thank you to my blessed beta, Ms Jen, who has continued to encourage, proofread and endearingly listen to me babble about the awful ideas that come through my mind. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The hologram sprang to life in the darkened room. The man it displayed stood in shadow, careful to obscure his face, but his military medals stood out on his jacket. "What do you have to report?" He asked. "Chelloa has fallen. Hux now has the full backing of the heads of the Academy and the First Order, the tactics the Order uses will change, you need to be ready for them," comes the whispered reply. The voice of the younger man revealing this information is not a strong one, it is one too young and ill suited for espionage work. "And those tactics would be?" "I-I don't know. I wasn't privy to the training sessions, but it enraged the Commandant-" "He was there?" the older man interrupts the younger. "Yes Sir. The Commandant was furious at the end of the meeting with Snoke, he attacked the General." Silence persists for a few seconds as the older man processes this information. "And they both still live?" "Yes Sir," came the timid reply. "At-At least I think so. The General vanished shortly after their confrontation, he was bleeding badly. He hasn't been seen for twelve standard hours." "Pity one couldn't have killed the other, it would have been a victory for us," the older man says, the younger bites his lip and looks away from the hologram. Of course Hux's demon spawn son wouldn't die that easily, then again, neither would the old man. "These new formations, these new strategies-" "I don't know anything!" the younger man protests. "I told you already I'm not involved in that training or those meetings! I don't have that level of clearance!" There is sheer panic in his voice, desperation. "Please, I've told you all I know!" "You are in no position to be giving orders or making demands," the older man in the hologram glares at him and the younger bows his head. He's shaking now and when he speaks again, he's pleading with the older being. "Please. Please just let me see her. You promised! I've told you everything I know!" The man in the hologram considers this request for a moment and then nods to someone out of sight. He moves out of the frame, and then another figure is dragged into the hologram's frame and forced to her knees. "Ashara!" the younger man cries out as the figure comes fully into view. It is a Togruta female, her clothes are ripped, her face has marks on it and one of her head tails has a blood soaked bandage wrapped around it. "You lied! You said you wouldn't hurt her!" the younger man protests. "She was ... difficult," the older man is standing behind the Togruta now, a hand gripping one of her montrals and digging his nails into it. The montrals might have been hollow but they were not without nerve endings. The Togruta cried out in pain. "Stop it!" the younger man protested. "Stop it! I've done everything you've asked!" He makes a motion as if he might be able to reach out and stop the torture but there is nothing he can do. They are light years away, in some hidden base, his hands drop to his sides and he falls to his knees. He is powerless to save her. "Please stop! She has nothing to do with this! Please!" "Find out what General Hux's new plans are," the older man finally speaks, releasing the Togrutas montral from his grasp. "Find out what these new strategies he is developing are, in detail. Find a weakness, a way to bring him down. Bring us useful information next time or ... " his hand goes to grab the Togruta's uninjured headtail and twists it. She screams in agony. "I already told you I can't-" "Then I suggest you find a way to rise in the ranks of the First Order. Find a way to get the information, otherwise you are of no use to us. And if you are of no use to us then neither is she," the older man strikes the Togruta against the back of her head against her montrals and she crumples in a heap on the floor. "Ashara!" "Get us that information." The hologram goes dark, leaving the younger man trembling and shaking on his knees. --- Hux comes to consciousness in degrees, analyzing everything he can before he opens his eyes. His brain feels wrung out like a sponge, his forehead throbs in pain as do other parts of his body. He is agonizingly thirsty and something very, very heavy is lying on top of half of him and has caused one of his arms to fall asleep. Slowly, Hux cracks his eyes open. The room is unfamiliar and smells of some sort of strange, smoky herb, but the bed is soft. Phasma's room, he remembers, he's in Phasma's room for some reason. He tries to sit up, only to find that he is completely entrapped by limbs that are longer than his own and turns his head to look at his captor. Kylo Ren is curled against him like the Galaxy's biggest cat and they are hopelessly entangled in each other's limbs. The Knight's breathing is slow and steady with that of deep sleep, tear trails stain his face though and part of Hux's undershirt feels stiff with the salt of spent tears. It all comes back to Hux in a rush. The meeting. The fight with his father. Ren telling him that he'd found the letters. Their fingers linking together. Ren talking, and then sobbing and Hux whispering promises to him, pulling him close, holding him like their very lives depended on it. And they had fallen back into place. Fallen back together. Tentatively Hux reaches out and strokes Ren's hair back from his face. The Knight shifts slightly at the touch, but doesn't wake. It is just enough though for Hux to carefully pull himself free. The General stands on unsteady legs, his head spinning slightly, but not as badly as the first time he'd awoken and knocked over the nightstand, which was still lying neglected on the floor. He would tend to that later, now though, water. He makes his way to the bathroom, flicking on the light and blinking from the harsh brightness of it. He turns the faucet on at the sink, seeing the half crumpled letter and papers on the counter and ignores them in favor of splashing cool water on his face and then cupping a hand under the faucet to unceremoniously drink from it. It is uncouth and ill mannered, but Hux doesn't care at the moment because that water is like life itself and nothing has ever tasted better. Slowly he cups his hands again and brings the water to his face, washing away sleep, wincing slightly as it comes into contact with his broken lip and the wound on his temple and the fresh stitches on his forehead. Hux glances up in the mirror, looking at his reflection. He looks like some undead horror, between the stitches, bruises and his own bloodshot, exhausted eyes. His nose is definitely broken, the swelling evident and he frowns as he lightly touches the bump that has formed. "I can fix that, if you like," a voice murmurs behind him and Hux startles, his eyes going to meet Ren's. The Knight is standing in the doorway of the bathroom, nude from the waist up. Had he been like that previously? Hux doesn't remember right now but he's drinking in the sight of the Knight as if he's never seen him before. It isn't until Ren moves that the General realizes he's been unabashedly staring and directs his eyes elsewhere. "Here, let me see," Ren takes Hux's face in his hands, fingers tracing over the broken cartilage in his face. Hux makes no move to stop him, but there is a small tremor that runs through the General. "It'll hurt, but only briefly," Ren tells him and Hux nods. "Okay, on three," Ren murmurs, repositioning his fingers on the red head's nose. "One. Two." Crack! "Ow! Fuck! Ren, you said on three!" Hux pulls away, his hands going to cup over his nose as his eyes water in pain. "But it is fixed now," the Knight points out. "You would have flinched at the last second if I'd actually done it on three," Ren moves his hands, wrapping them around Huxs waist and drawing the General back against him. "I was only trying to help," he murmurs apologetically. "I know," Hux sighs and leans back against the taller man, closing his eyes against the image that the bathroom mirror shows him. The reality of it is too much in this moment, he can hardly believe that he is alive, let alone that he is in the Knights arms. That they are united once again. It is overwhelming and Hux tries not to focus on anything other than the sound of the Knight's breathing. "Hux?" There is the sound of papers rustling and then the Knight is resting his chin on Hux's shoulder. "Yes Kylo?" "How do you say your first name?" The question hangs heavy in the air and Ren notices how it makes the General tremble. "Hux?" The redhead takes a deep breath and whispers something that Ren can't hear. He hugs the General tighter against him. "Again?" he asks gently. Hux is still shaking but this time his voice is audible. "Fail. Im," he annunciates slowly. "Press your tongue against the back of your top teeth when you say. The other letters are silent," he whispers. Feidhelm," Ren tries and Hux nods, but at the same time he seems to be trying to shrink away from the Knight. "Feidhelm," Ren tries the name again and Hux definitely shrinks from it. He's prevented from completely escaping by the strong arm Ren has wrapped around his waist. But, oh, how he is trembling! "Why don't you use this name? It's beautiful," Ren tells the trembling man. "It's a far cry nicer than 'Hux'." Hux is pointedly looking at the floor, his breathing coming fast through his mouth."It... My mother gave it to me," Hux whispers. "So use it, Feidhelm," Ren murmurs in his ear, pressing a gentle kiss to the back of Hux's neck. The General stiffens and gasps, Ren can feel him straining against him, silently trying to escape. To get away... this is all wrong he realizes. Something is terribly wrong. "Hux?" A strangled noise that is more animalistic than human escapes the General and he is suddenly scrambling against Ren and the Knight can feel fear radiating off the General. "Hux!" Ren sets the papers down on the counter and grips the other man by the arms turning him so Hux faces him. The General fights against him all the while, more focused on blindly trying to escape than hurt the Knight. "Hux!" Ren shakes him slightly and the General's eyes go to meet his. "It's me. It's me," Ren takes a hand and gently touches the redhead's face. "What happened? Tell me." Hux sucks in a shuddering breath and Ren feels his energy change from frightened to that of disgust, to one of self-hatred. "He... He trained me to forget my name. It went on for months. I-I didn't get to give it up like you did yours. I didn't get to kill off my old self," Hux's words come in a choked whisper. "He took that name from me. Ripped it from me. Beat it out of me." Hux's eyes are too wide and too bright, he's breathing too fast. Ren senses it, the flood that's been held back. So carefully locked away and forgotten about, hidden beneath layer upon layer of carefully constructed control and harshness. But this test has brought it all to a head, has broken through all the carefully laid barriers and strenuous repression that the other man has worked so hard to maintain. It has worn the General down in ways that he has never experienced. Coupled with the personal stress that has been endured, it is a recipe that would have made other men take a permanent space walk. And now the General has had just enough sleep, just enough time to breathe that his body and mind are finally able to go through the breakdown process that has been delayed for far too long. Their brief moments over the past few weeks have only been small cracks in the dam, the Knight realizes. Now though, Ren watches as Hux crumbles entirely, because it is finally safe to do so. The General's hands grasp onto his and Hux falls to his knees, the sound echoing painfully in the bathroom. The redhead is almost doubled over as he gasps for breath, hyperventilating as he tries to cry. "Kylo, please... please help me. I'm falling apart." Ren kneels in an instant, brow furrowing, his own panic filling him. He pulls Hux to him, uncertain as to what to do, frightened to see the other man so completely destroyed. Hux can't seem to get breath fast enough, and his grip is so hard that it is painful as his hands move from Ren's hands to his arms in a desperate attempt to stabilize himself. "I've got you Hux," Ren whispers in his ear. "You need to breathe. Listen to me, Hux!" The General doesn't seem to hear him and is struggling against him. "Hux!" The General's mind is entirely gone, Ren can sense it. It is nothing but blind panic, consumed entirely by torment. He doesn't respond to Ren's voice, his touch, anything. The Knight grits his teeth as he restrains the other man while trying not to hurt him. Then he realizes what he has to do: he has to take back control. "I'm sorry," he tells the General before drawing the Force around him plunging into Hux's mind. It is a maelstrom of bad memories and terror. Images, sensations, words flying by so quickly that Ren can barely register them. But he doesn't need to. This sort of breakdown is useless, it will only cause more damage. Ren knows this from personal experience, this never helps. It leaves one worn down and wrung out and weaker than before, it opens up vulnerabilities and allows for regression that can be deadly. Hux needs to gain control back, where the dam has burst and broken, but the resulting flood is much too powerful, the General will drown in the flooding that ensues. He needs someone to pull him from the floodplain, someone to take control from him and only once the flood waters have quieted, give it back to him. He needs relief from the burden of it of holding it all in. The clarity of what has to be done is almost agonizing. For a moment Ren hesitates, watching the storm rage in Huxs mind as he restrains his body, keeping him from lashing out and hurting himself or others. The longer he hesitated though, the worse it would become. Ren focuses himself, gathering energy, forming it. It is something purely formed by the Force, he gives the item shape, bringing it into the physical plane, turning it from wisps of smoke into something heavy, yet malleable. It has been years since he has done this, since the Nightsister had shown him how to manipulate the Force in ways hed never imagined possible. His body strains from the effort it takes to do both this and restrain Hux. But then the item solidifies and falls into Rens waiting hand. It is a simple, black collar. Of course that is what it would be, the Force that connected every living thing would know what Hux needed. Ren sucks in a shallow breath and then in a quick motion he snaps that collar around the General's neck and he hears Hux scream. It is a noise of pure anguish as the Force collar cuts off his descent into madness short. The General's body arching against his at the pain of having control of himself ripped away and quiet forced upon his mind. The storm inside of Hux is brought to an abrupt halt. So hard that it physically jerks the smaller man as Ren forces his body and mind to both be still. To be silent. Ren pulls Hux from the waves of pained memories that threaten to drown him and wraps him inside Darkness, stilling him like one would an ill-welped pup. It is over as quickly as it had started. Silent in the small bathroom except for their ragged breathing. Hux has gone limp against Ren, his body shuddering. Slowly Ren brings a hand up and starts to rub Hux's back, soothing him until the tremors cease. "Breathe for me," Ren murmurs. "Slowly." There is a glazed over look in Hux's eyes, and he twitches slightly, but remains silent, doing as Ren tells him. "Good, good," Ren murmurs, feeling some of his own panic ease. "It's okay Feidhelm," there is a tremor from the other man as Ren uses his name. It makes what he has to do all the more clear. He has to give back to Hux what has been taken from him. "This is a gift I give you, Feidhelm," he murmurs, placing a gentle kiss on Hux's neck. "You are safe here, in my arms. Do you trust me?" It is quiet for several seconds and Ren feels Huxs hands moving, cautiously tugging at the Force collar that is around his neck, feeling its odd physical presence and how it mentally is containing him. The General is confused, but also curious. Afraid, but needful. "Yes. With my life and my soul," finally comes the answer as Huxs hand drops away from the black band around his neck. Soul, what an odd thing for Hux to bring into the equation. Perhaps that spoke more of his broken mental state than anything else. "I'm going to take control away from you. I'm going to break you down into nothing, because... " Ren bites his lip, searching for the right words. "Because it will bring you relief, it'll re-center you better than any amount of screaming or lashing out will. Then I'll put you back together. You'll have control again." "How do you know it will work?" The question is quiet and fearful. As it should be, given that Ren has just collared the General of the First Order. They'd danced around their need for power for so long. This delicate balance that they put themselves in. Hux, who thrived on control, needed it taken away from him from time to time in order to keep himself stable. To be given the chance to breathe. Ren bit his tongue, hesitant to go into the details at this very moment. "I will tell you, tell you all of it. But you have to let me help you first," Ren murmurs. His hands go to cup Hux's face and raise it up so their eyes meet. "Okay?" Hux's eyes study Ren's for another long moment and the General licks his lips slightly. "Will it hurt?" "A little... yes." Hux's eyes close and he shudders, Ren can feel his uncertainty. "If you take off this... " Hux isn't sure what to call the collar around his neck. His fingers press against it again, tracing over it. "Do I go back to falling apart again?" "Yes, I'm sorry," Ren's brows knit and he bits his lip. "It was the only way to calm you. I had to cut you off from it, it would have drowned you." Hux just nods, and Ren doesn't feel anger coming from him, but a quiet acceptance and a very great need. "Please," he whispers again. "Help me." "I will," Ren promises him, pressing a very gentle kiss against his lips. "Just focus on breathing. Leave the rest to me." With that Ren pulls away from Hux and slowly stands, taking a few deep breaths of his own. He recalls what the Nightsister had told him. What she had taught him. --- "Beings who crave control are the ones who need it taken away the most. Those of us raised in violence need it the most to replace the ill things in our minds," Shelish had explained to him. Kylo had been younger then, his Master had sent him to find the last known Nightsister, a Dathomirian who had escaped the slaughter of her Force-wielding clan during the Clone Wars. Snoke had instructed him to learn what he could from her, to refine his Force techniques from the inelegant brutishness that his skills were currently at. Although she was older now, her connection to Force was just as potent and she was just as dangerous as any ancient Sith Lord might have been. Shelish was tall, pale and wore short cut dark hair that was starting to turn white. Her face had started to wrinkle with age but she carried herself with a deadly grace that the Dathmoirans were known for. Ren had heard stories of the Nightsisters, of Asajj Ventress, apprentice to Count Dooku during the Clone Wars. Her natural connection to the Dark Side Force had made her a formidable opponent for the Old Republic and her Master alike. Although the cult of the Nightsisters didn't call it the "Force", to them it was simply part of the many energies of the universe, not a tool for good or evil, there was no spectrum, no moral compass, the energies simply were. "We, as users of the Dark Magicks of the Galaxy, understand these base needs better than most. The tender seduction of the Darkness is different than a regular lover, but you wouldn't know of lovers yet, would you boy? At least none that you have chosen yourself." Kylo hadn't given her a response to that. Shelish had laughed at his stiffness. "You are an open book boy, I can smell it on you. I can taste it, your urges for violence, to lash out and be destroyed. To burn out like a white drawf in its final moments. Ah yes," she had smirked, her hands working idly as the Force took a physical form of dark mist around them and she began to twist and manipulate it. Ren had watched her with wide eyes betraying his amazement. To physically call the Force to take form was something not even his Master could do and yet this old witch did it as easily as breathing. "You are haunted and you don't know how to escape it," She tilted her head, expression almost sympathetic as she studied him. "The path of Darkness is not an easy one, and your Master is an unkind one. I could teach you far better than he could," she smirks at his twitch of rage, that she would dare to say these words about Snoke. Snoke who took him off the street, Snoke who has guided his training and showed him- "And what has your master showed you exactly?" Shelish started to circle Ren, the Force energy swirling in her hands, changing shape as it did. "What has the great and mighty Snoke showed the grandchild of Anakin Skywalker? Other than how to control others by rape and fear?" Ren snapped, lunging at her. The Force energy in her hands takes on the form of a whip and she deflects his attack over and over again. Each time striking him with the crackling cold tail of the whip, leaving frostbitten marks on his skin that would bruise. Eventually the Nightsister becomes bored and the whip changes, shifting into a dark mist as it leaps from her hands and entangles Ren, sending him to the ground. He struggles against the bonds, his fear giving him strength. But he is young and inexperienced and she has lived far longer than he has, has seen more and knows more. The bonds tighten down until he can no longer move and Shelish leans over him. "Hmm, you have promise. We will begin in the morning." --- Ren looks back at Hux and takes a slow breath in and lets it go. He reaches out with the Force and shields the room in Darkness. Then he takes hold of the collar through the Force and tugs upwards slightly. "Stand," he orders Hux. "Strip." There is only the slightest bit of resistance, of Hux struggling against being controlled. But then he feels the anxiety of the whirlwind, the thing that Ren has contained by means of the Force. The General shivers, and his resistance falls away as he obeys. "Good," Ren whispered. The purpose of this was not sexual, unless that was what was needed, but it didn't seem that way. Not now, perhaps later, at another time. Instead, stripping the General would expose him entirely, giving him no quarter to hide behind. Allowing Ren to mold him beneath his hands. "Good," Ren said again. "Down," he motioned with a hand and through the Force sent the mental image to Hux. The General resists again, briefly, as he realizes what is being asked of him. "Down, " Ren repeats and uses the Force to make Hux's knees buckle and bring him to the floor so he is on all fours, like a dog. The Knight tightens the collar around Huxs neck slightly and hears the General gasp. That is what he will reduce Hux to, a military bitch. But he has to be careful, so very careful. "There. That isn't so difficult is it?" Ren murmurs, he watches Hux's body shudder. He senses the General trying to pull away, as if he can physically back out of the collar. The Knight closes one of his hands into a fist and holds the General in place, preventing him from moving. "Breathe for me, just focus on breathing," he reminds the other, keeping the collar tight. "Just give in. Don't fight me." Ren hears Hux take a large shuddering breath and then slowly lets it out. There is a certain amount of fear, of stubborn unwillingness to give in despite Rens promise that this will help. "Come to me, Hux," Ren commands. For a moment he expects resistance again, but the General slowly complies, crawling across the bathroom to him. Hux stops in front of him, head bowed, as he breathes through his mouth, harsh and loud. His entire body is shaking. "Good, sit pretty now." Hux settles himself so his rump rests on the back of his calves and ankles, his hands in his lap. His face is red, if by embarrassment or some other emotion, Ren isnt completely certain. "Good," Ren strokes a hand through Hux's hair. He crouches in front of the other man, lifting his chin to study his face better. "I don't like the name 'Hux', shall I give you a different one? A better one?" A small whine comes from the General. It makes something deep inside Ren quiver. How many times has he thought about doing this? There is an undeniable sexual undercurrent to it. One that makes the air thick with the Knights desire, but that is not the purpose. Not now, with Hux so broken. The first thing was to make sure that the other was rebuilt. There was time for sex later, it was a secondary need. Important, but at the right time. Ren satisfies himself instead with pressing a gentle kiss to the General's forehead. "You're so good, so beautiful," he murmurs and Hux is closing his eyes, leaning into his touch, whimpering softly. "What shall I name you?" Ren stands, pulling away from the redhead. "Heel," he gives the command and starts to leave the bathroom, it takes Hux a moment but then the General is following him. Crawling along on the floor at Ren's side like the military dog he is. Once passed the initial resistance, Huxs willingness to obey is almost startling. "Up," he pats the bed and again Hux obeys. His breathing is calmer now, the trembling has mostly stopped , Ren notes. The General was re-centering. But it was still too early to let him go. Too soon and the result would be disastrous. "Be still, my pretty little bitch," Ren murmurs and a full body shudder goes through Hux, but he doesn't move, staying on his hands and knees. Ren traces his fingers down Hux's spine, over the curve of his ass and down his legs. There are bruises all over the General from his fight and Ren's fingers linger on each one. "Has my bitch been fighting?" he murmured, pressing in on one of the bruises. A whine comes from Hux. "Naughty," Ren murmurs and brings a swift hand down on the pale skin of Hux's ass. A yelp escapes the General and Ren strikes him again. Another yelp and this time Hux tries to pull away, but Ren grabs a handful of his hair. "You've been a naughty bitch," he growls in Hux's ear. "I thought you were trained better than that. Shame on you, misbehaving like that. Naughty. Perhaps you don't deserve a name better than 'Hux' after all?" Hux is whining and whimpering and struggling against the grip Ren has on him. "No," Ren growls and tightens his grip on the collar he's created through the Force. "No, you stay," his hand strikes Hux's rump again and a sob leaves the General. Ren pulls away, taking a long, slow breath in. He's shaking slightly from the intensity that he's putting into this. Careful. He still has to be careful. To keep himself in control. Ren takes another slow breath in and lets it go. He feels the General straining against the collar, he is frightened and the Knight needs to remedy that. "Shh," Ren soothes. He moves his hands over Hux's back, to the General's credit he had stayed . "Sit pretty for me," he murmurs and Hux hesitates for a second before obeying. Shifting slightly as he settles himself, the pale skin of his rear stinging still from the strikes. "Let me see that face" Ren murmurs, tilting Hux's face upwards again and brushing away tears. "You have such beautiful eyes for a military dog," Ren smiles slightly, all it would take was for him to press his fingers past those pale lips and he knew Hux would suck on them. He could mount the other man like they were truly beasts and take him right here and now. He could take whatever he wanted, and Hux would be powerless to stop him. Ren could keep the General of the First Order like this, make the man his literal dog. It is tempting, agonizingly tempting, but Shelish's words echo in his mind. "The trust that you will be one day given with your power will make you drunk if you allow it. When it comes time for you take control from another you must do so with great consciousness of every action you take. Just as when you submit to another to meet your needs, you will need to trust them. This is not just a game, it will bind you spiritually and physically, until one day you no longer need to balance your power. Your need for hurt will pass and their need for control will fade. But until then you must exercise diligence and discipline." "Why are you telling me this? How does this help me use the Force? It has no place in my training. I have no intention of putting myself under another's thumb. What you describe sounds more like an exercise in prostitution than anything else." "Because the Dark Magicks do not lie. You will find one who will change your world, and through your trials you will find powers that you did not know you possessed. Then, and only then, will you be able to do what Vader could not and overthrow your Master." "My beautiful, most precious love," Ren murmurs, stroking Hux's hair again. He feels tears pricking at his own eyes, he blinks and they fall down his face and he feels his control on the General slip. Just a little. Just enough. Then, unbidden, Hux rises up on his knees, his hands lightly resting on Ren's chest. Then the redhead is gently kissing away the tears as they fall, making soft whimpering sounds of concern. Ren's hands gently cradle Hux's head, putting a stop to his gentle ministrations. "You have earned a new name," Ren whispers and he feels Hux trembling under his hands. "You've been so scared for so long, you don't need to be anymore. I won't let them hurt you ever again," he reaches out through the Force and gently unclasps the collar that had become chokingly tight on Hux's neck. "You aren't 'Hux' anymore, my beloved. You are Feidhelm. My Feidhelm." Slowly Ren lets the Force energy that had formed the collar dissolve. He hears Hux gasp for breath, as he regains control of himself in its entirety. "Feidhelm," Ren whispers, pressing a kiss to Hux's ear. "I love you Feidhelm." The General shudders and then his arms go to wrap around Ren, hugging him tightly. "Kylo," the General's voice is oddly strained, like he's just come up for air after being underwater for too long. "Thank you, Kylo. Thank you." He is shaking, but not like before, there is a quiet relief flooding the General. Ren slides his hands down Hux's back, tracing the curve of his spine, fingers exploring the scar tissue over the finally healed blaster wound from Nilash. Ren presses another kiss to Hux's ear and then another gently on his neck, over the worst of the bruising. "If he ever harms you again, you will not have to worry about a court marshal, Feidhelm. I will kill him myself," Ren promises him, Hux pulls back from him for a moment, licking his lips nervously and not quite meeting Ren's eyes. For a moment Ren is horrified that he has not completely put his lover back together, that he has let go of control too quickly, but then Hux raises those green eyes to meet his and Ren can see strength there. "That's why you're my Knight isn't it?" Hux offers him a half smile that Ren doesn't think he's ever seen before. "Nothing you do is without passion," he places his hands on Ren's face and pulls him into a gentle kiss. Ren doesn't know how long they stay like that, slowly kissing, tasting each other's lips and mouths. Fingers ghosting over scars old and new and tangling in each other's hair. Finally they part, Hux resting his unbruised cheek against Ren's shoulder. "I love you, Kylo," he whispers against the Knight's skin. "I know you do," Ren hums as his stomach growls. "Let's shower, then eat? I ... I think I need your help with the latter, please? I kind of .. fell back into bad habits after we..." He glances away, a little afraid that Hux will not take this news well. Hux pulls away, expression growing concerned and a hand strokes Ren's face. "Of course, a rnsearc ," he murmurs. "I will take care of you." "Thank you," Ren feels his shoulders sag in relief as he glances back to meet Hux's eyes. Then, in a quick motion that makes Hux squawk in surprise, he scoops the General up and carries him bridal style to the bathroom so they can shower. --- Tell me something? Kylo asks Hux once they are showered, skin still pink from scrubbing and hot water, and still damp as they lay, nude and curled flush against each other under the covers of Phasmas bed. The Knights head rests on Huxs chest and the General is feeding him pieces of fruit. The room feels too warm and Huxs heartbeat is a steady and soothing sound that threatens to lull the Knight back to sleep. The terrible tension from earlier has dispersed, leaving only a drowsy feeling. What? Hux murmurs, a hand stroking his through Rens damp hair idly. The bulky bandages on the Generals hands that had prevented him from wearing his gloves had been removed by the Knight when theyd gone to shower. Ren had placed gentle kisses on the burned palms, marveling that Hux had been able to write the letters, given how much it had hurt to close his hands. After that the pain had ceased and when Hux had glanced at his hands, all that was left of the burn wounds had been pale scars. What did it feel like? The Knight gently brushes his fingertips against Huxs bruised throat, before reaching for a piece of fruit of his own accord. Hux smiles faintly and hums in thought, considering his answer carefully. Like I could finally breathe, he says, his tone reverent. As if my lungs were finally filled with enough air and a weight that I didnt even realize had been crushing me, was finally lifted. Huxs eyes flutter closed and Ren watches his face closely, but there are no signs of distress. Hux looks incredibly peaceful for that one moment. It felt like I was finally free , he murmurs at last, pressing a kiss to the back of Kylos head. And look, he holds out one of his hands in front of the Knight. It is steady, Kylo realizes, for the first time in months Huxs hands are steady. It stopped. It finally stopped, there is small amazement in Huxs voice, and he sounds younger than he is. Thank you. Kylo takes his hand and links their fingers together, twisting and leaning up to place a kiss on the underside of Huxs jaw. It feels different already, strange in a way, from what they had been before. Refreshing, but frightening as well. Ren can feel the old urges, they twist and tug at him and he wants to do nothing more then bite and bruise the man who is holding him in his arms. They are familiar urges, powerful ones and he makes a quiet noise, pressing his face against Huxs neck. Huxs hand tightens its grip on his. Ive got you Kylo, he reassures the Knight. Im frightened, Ren hears himself whispering. Its going to all fall apart again, he confides. Ren cant go through that again, itll kill him. He finally has what he wants and his reflex is to flee from it. Good things always crumble, they are taken away, torn from his grasp. Kylo, a rnsearc , the General pulls him closer, his other hand going to wrap around Ren. I wont let it. You cant keep that promise. Talk, Hux murmurs to him. Tell me what you need. Let me help. The Knight makes a noise of frustration against Huxs neck and the General chuckles slightly at the display. For me a rnsearc ? The redhead asks gently. Tell me how you knew what to do, tell me what I need to do to care for you. Trust me, please? Ren pulls away from the embrace, sitting up so hes straddling Huxs legs, his breathing is heavy. He feels anxious, uncertain and he looks away, trying to find the words. What if I say the wrong thing? He asks. Then well keep at it until we figure out what the right words are, Hux shifts now, so he can sit up a little straighter in the bed, his expression intense, all his focus on his partner. This isnt an arrangement anymore. It isnt a treaty that can be broken. Well have to work at it. The Knight hesitates still, shifting his weight slightly. Hes uncomfortable with this, frightened by it. Hux seems to fall easily enough into whatever it is theyre creating, but for Ren it is foreign, filled with uncertainty and fraught with danger. The confidence that had filled him less than an hour ago was gone, his path wasnt clear anymore. Ren feels like a pendulum that has lost control, swinging wildly from one extreme to the other. We have time, Hux quietly reassures him. The Galaxy can wait. All of it can. He reaches out to Ren, offering out his hand. Its okay, Im scared too. Ren stares at his hand and then crawls forward, brushing his face against Huxs palm and kissing the burn scars there. He stays there, trembling slightly before lightly nipping at Huxs fingertips. The General lets him, curling his fingers in Rens hair and a whimper leaves the Force-user. Feidhelm, Kylo whispers hoarsely, his eyes closing. More. Slowly, Hux tightens his hold on Rens hair until his fist is clenched tightly and pulling the other mans head back. A fully body shudder runs through the Knight. It was enough though, just enough to ground him, Ren swallows and lets out a slow breath. He gives himself a small shake and Hux lets go of his hair, fingers carding through where hed clenched it. Kylo opens his eyes, tears falling from them that he cant seem to stop. I need to hurt. It's  It's the only thing that feels right , he whispers. It sounds horrific to say it aloud. The only thing that lets me breathe. Feel relief like you described. The only way I - I- he hides his face in his hands, disgusted with himself, hating this foul need that burns inside him. Im a monster. It is all going to fall apart again, he just knows it! There are too many broken things, too many awful desires. He hears Hux moving and cant look at him, fully expecting him to leave. To leave Ren and this entire mess behind him. Quietly, the Knight starts to cry. This is too much change, too fast. He cant keep up, he cant keep being strong. Then he feels himself being hugged and pulled back down onto the bed. Hes being held in a grip that is almost crushing, his face pressed against Huxs chest as the General cradles him.  Never call yourself that again, Kylo, Hux tells him sternly.  Never , ever call yourself that. You are not a monster. Do you hear me? Do you understand me? But- No buts, Hux tells him. Then the General is taking him by the chin and forcing his face up, not unkindly, but firmly enough, and kissing him. The kiss is gentle, but demanding, and there is the brush of teeth against Rens lips and he melts into the gesture. They finally break for air, panting and shivering. For a long time they lie there in silence, Huxs hands stroking Rens back and carding through his hair. Every so often, Hux drags his nails lightly down the Knights shoulder, eliciting a small shudder from the Knight. Have you ever heard of the Nightsisters? Ren asks, his voice breaking the quiet of the bedroom. No. Tell me about them? Hux presses a kiss to Rens temple and the Knight shifts himself again, pulling the blankets back over them. They were a matriarchal cult from Dathomir. A very powerful one, at that. Oh? Yes, Ren nods and Huxs fingers go to play with his hair again. The Knight lets himself enjoy the touch for a few seconds before continuing. Dathomir is a planet shrouded in the Dark Side of the Force, and the Nightsisters learned to wield as naturally as breathing comes to us. Seriously, how have you never heard of them? Rens voice builds with excitement as he twists to look up at Hux. They were the only ones strong enough to actually worry Darth Sidious during the Clone Wars. Count Dooku took one of them as his apprentice and she turned against him when he tried to kill her. They sound terrifying, Hux remarked, mildly impressed. But there isnt any record of them, at least not in the books I learned from. Ren made a noise of disapproval. Eventually Grievous was sent to wipe them out, thats probably why. Their connection to the Force was one that rivaled even the Sith, they were too much of a threat, so they were eliminated. All except one. Oh? I take it you paid her a visit at some point? Im the one telling the story! Hush, Ren swats at him and Hux laughs softly. My apologies, please continue. When I was fifteen, Snoke sent me to find the last Nightsister. I found her in a little hut on a moon that orbited Jhas, her name was Shelish. I trained with her for a little under a year. So did Snoke actually teach you anything? Hux asks curiously. It sounds like all he did was abandon you on various planets, and send you off into deadly situations. Ren goes quiet for a few seconds before speaking. I dont want to talk about that right now. Not how he trained me... his brow furrows and he looks up at Hux. Can we not? Im sorry, Hux murmured, kissing Rens forehead. Tell me about this Nightsister. The funny thing is, she said something similar the day we met, Rens voice trembled a bit as he spoke. She knew, knew it all before I even got there  He goes quiet again, biting his lip. I didnt put much stock in her soothsaying, I didnt believe it. But she told me that I would find a partner, one who needed to be stripped of their control. That such a partner would test me, give me strength, and that when our trust was strong enough that same person would ease my own ache for violence. That we would fit. So did you know? The day we met? Hux asked, more curious than anything. No, Ren shook his head. I had put such a fantasy from my mind, partners were the furthest thing from my mind. I had forgotten about it honestly, until you started to break down. It all came back to me in a rush, then it was like instinct." "So you think that we...?" "I don't want it to be anyone else," Ren leaned up and placed a gentle kiss on Hux's lips. "What else did she tell you?" "She taught me a great deal actually. I learned much of my battle meditation from her, she taught me about poisons and antidotes as well. How to more clearly understand Force visions... She wasn't cruel like Snoke is," Ren sighed, pressing himself more firmly against Hux. "She offered to let me stay, to study at her side. I almost took her offer, but in the end I was too afraid to do so. I think she knew I never could." "Does she live still?" Hux asked tentatively, half suspecting that Snoke had ordered the Nightsister to be killed. "I think she still lives. One day Snoke just ordered me back to him, so I left. He asked me what I had learned when I returned to him. I told him, showed him, everything except one thing." "What was that?" "You must never tell. Do you promise?" "On my mother's soul, Kylo." Ren sat up, pulling out of the embrace. "The Force isn't a physical thing, it is like wind, it takes no real form, despite that we may be able to feel it," the Knight explains, his expression excited. "But the Nightsisters had developed a way over the centuries to make it take physical form. Shelish favored turning it into a whip to use as a weapon, other Nightsisters could cloud entire battle fields with the dark mist that they could summon." "Ah you've done that before, I remember," Hux nodded. "But mist is easy. To make the Force take on a physical form, to make it maintain that form and be malleable, is incredibly difficult." Ren closes his eyes, moving his hands in front of him so his palms are up, fingers moving just slightly as if pulling minute threads. Then Hux feels it, the coldness as their breath comes in clouds and then he sees the mist appear. It swirls like a drop of ink in water, taking on a thousand shapes and yet none. Ren's expression is one of intense concentration and he's breathing heavily with the effort it is taking. But then the mist condenses, settling on a form and a simple black collar falls into the Knight's hands. Ren opens his eyes and smiles slightly as he pants for breath. "This is yours," he tells Hux. "It is what I bound you with." The redhead stares at the collar, eyes a little wider then usual. He knew Ren had done something with the Force, but he didn't know it had been this. His mouth felt dry. "May I touch it? It won't disappear if I do will it?" he asked. "Go ahead," Ren holds it out to the other and Hux's fingers trace worshipfully over the cool black Force material. A small gasp leaves the General and he licks his lips. "Are you okay?" Ren asks, worried that they've entered into territory that will overwhelm them. But Hux nods, swallowing heavily. "I can summon other things, use it for other purposes. But this, this is special," Ren explains quietly. "This is yours. Anytime you feel like you might fall apart, or even if you just need reassurance, ask me and I will put it on you." "You would do that for me?" Hux's voice is strained. Ren nodded. "For you and no one else, Feidhelm." Hux is silent for a long time, staring at the collar, considering what Ren has told him. It makes sense, finally. For just as long as Ren has been trying to puzzle him out, Hux has been trying to understand Ren. "Thank you, Kylo," he finally speaks, closing the Knight's fingers over the collar. He understands the balance of power that they need. The give and take that will sustain them. The collar vanishes, fading away into wisps of nothingness. "Let me take care of you?" Hux asks quietly and he sees Ren's breath hitch as the Knight nods. Now it is Hux's turn to be so very careful. Hux leans forward and places a gentle kiss on Ren's lips. "Turn and kneel with your back to me, I will mark you," he murmurs. Kylo reacts instantly and Hux doesn't need the Force to sense how starved the Knight is, how badly he needs touch and pain in symphony. He is trembling with need. "Easy," Hux murmurs, crawling closer to the Knight. That broad back is already covered in scars from his years with the Knights of Ren and as serving as Snoke's apprentice. Ren's need is different in this moment than Hux's had been, so the General must proceed with tact and care. He moves closer until he's kneeling behind Kylo and pulls the younger man to lean back against him until Kylo's back is flush with Hux's chest. "I've got you, close your eyes, let me do the work," Hux tells him, biting gently at his neck. Not enough to bruise or break skin, just a small tease. Ren moans softly and Hux moves both his hands forward to rest on Kylo's thighs. Ren is shaking against him now, panting as he leans his head back to rest on Hux's shoulder. This won't take long, a small introductory course to what they both needed. Hux drags his nails up Ren's thighs leaving red welts behind and the Knight whimpers, arching his body into the touch. Hux kisses his neck again, biting down hard now as he drags his nails up Ren's belly over hard muscle and the Knight sobs. "Please. Please. Please. Feidhelm, please," he whispers. "Easy," Hux murmurs again, moving to bite at Ren's shoulder, Feeling his stomach flip flop when Ren breathes his name like that. Hux's other hand goes to grip Ren's half-hard cock and starts to stroke it. This is different from their previous violence. This is something asked for instead of guessed at. Something far more controlled than the senseless beating of each other from their sparring and desperate possessive couplings of the past. The magnitude of it is intimidating, and it will take time to refine, but for now Kylo is crying out, begging for more and Hux is careful not to neglect him, but also not to go overboard. The Knight's hips buck into Hux's hand and Hux claws at Ren's chest, squeezing his cock tightly. A strangled noise leaves Ren and he shudders. The General moves to bite another spot, sucking at the tender now-bruising flesh, clawing welts all over Ren's abdomen while his hand works the Knight's cock. By the end of this Ren's pale skin will be a map of red welts, accented by Hux's biting kisses. Ren cums with a small cry as Hux claws until a few spots draw blood and his orgasm is pulled from him. The Knight thrashes, as Hux stops clawing at him to turn his face and capture his mouth in a biting kiss. The gesture turns gentler though as Ren stills and collapses back entirely on Hux. "I've got you Kylo. I've got you," Hux wipes his hand off on the sheets, pulling the the Knight off his knees and onto his side, holding him tightly. "Feidhelm," Ren is sobbing tears of relief against Hux's chest. "I love you." Hux kisses him gently, fingers trailing over the raw flesh that is covered in welts. "Did I harm you, my Knight?" Hux whispers. Harm is different from hurt, the purpose of this was to hurt, to revel in pain, but there is always a fear of going too far or doing too much. It is a fear that Hux will guard closely as the years pass and their experiences grow. Ren shakes his head and relief floods the General and he holds Ren until the tears pass and his tremors cease. Then he gets up and retrieves a damp washcloth from the bathroom. He gently runs it over the claw marks and Ren shudders at the contact of the cool cloth against the angry red welts and torn flesh. Then Hux cleans away the needful mess that has been created, swiping the cloth over Ren's belly and trying to be sure to get the cum out of Phasma's sheets as best he can. Once it is as clean as he can manage, Hux tosses the cloth on the floor and crawls back into the bed, pulling Ren against his chest. The Knight is shivering slightly and snuggles close to him. "Did you ... want?" Ren murmurs, already half asleep. "Just to hold you, nothing more," Hux tells him. There will be time for a proper "reunion" later. They have been too raw and too broken to have one. There had been too much to say and too much to share, every bit of it as important as the last. "You sure?" "Yes, Kylo, I'm sure," Hux pulls the blankets over them again and fights a yawn of his own. He is still drained, it will take time to catch up on the sleep he's missed and he probably never fully will. But he knows that his rest will be easy, now that he and Kylo Ren are back in each other's arms. "I love you Kylo." "I know," is the sleepy reply. ---- I know youre going to be out of commission for a long time still, Hux regarded the Stormtrooper Captain. It had been ten days since they had taken Chelloa and this conversation was now unavoidable. But we need to continue to move forward with the training development. So you want a recommendation on who should take my place? Phasma made a face as she scrawled the words on her notepad. Yes. Wed discussed involving several other officers prior to the Chelloa assignment, and in light of that Id like you to consider someone we could bring on as a permanent addition. So youre demoting me? Not at all, the last thing I would ever do is discard you Captain, Hux reassured her, taking a seat in one of the chairs by her bedside. Rather I would like to form a core group of officers I can trust. Especially with sensitive operations and intelligence. People who have their loyalties in the right place. Phasmas pen hesitates above the notepad as she ponders this. Finally she scratches down a name and shows it to Hux. Dopheld Mitaka. Really? Hux was surprised. Mitaka was certainly dedicated, even if he was terrified of his own shadow half the time. The younger man had graduated from the Academy two years after Hux had, and had been assigned, fresh out of the Academy to Huxs crew. To this day the General didnt know how Mitaka had survived the trials and tests that officers were subjected to. Why him? Hux asked curiously. Look at his file. The boy might be scared, but he does have several remarkable qualities. He is good with logistics, top of his class actually. He holds a pilot certification and he did follow your suicidal order of the orbital strike on top of us. People who are afraid are easily manipulated, that is what worries me. Werent you once afraid too, General? Give him time to grow, give him opportunities. I heard he was the one who warned you that the Commandant was on board before you met with the Supreme Leader? He did. See? He is loyal to you, nurture that. I think it would speak volumes about your own character to the other officers. It would also help him to be exposed to Ren in scenarios where he isnt being nearly choked to death. Dont lead by fear, remember when you told me that? Hux is silent after she finishes writing. I suppose your points are valid. Very well, I will give him a probation period and see how he does. Thank you Captain, Hux stands, reaching into the pocket of his great coat and pulling out a sealed letter. This is for you, he hands it to Phasma, who gives him a confused look as she breaks the seal of the envelope. The General moves to to leave as she reads the letter and he is almost to the door when the notepad going flying past his head and collides with the door. Hux picks up the notepad and turns back to the Stormtrooper Captain only to see that she is trying to sit up and get out of the bed to go after him, but her various braces, casts and tubes impede her progress. I think this slipped out of your hands Captain, Hux tells her as he moves back to her bedside to stop her from moving further and hurting herself. He puts the notepad on the bedside dresser again and helps Phasma to lie back down, untangling her from the cords and tubes she needed to breathe still. The Stormtrooper Captain is shaking and her hands grip Huxs shoulders so tightly that hes certain that there will be bruises later. Then she hits his chest, the gesture half hearted but filled with emotion that she cant vocalize. She reaches for the notepad again. You STUPID STUPID boy. Hux smiled slightly. Yeah, I know. But will you? She hits his chest again, this time there is a little more force behind it and then she pulls him into as tight a hug as she can manage. Of course I will, idiot. Thank you Phasma. The envelope's contents sits in her lap, among the paperwork for a military promotion and the transfer of benefits there is a handwritten letter. Most of it is obscured by the other paperwork, but a few of the lines are visible. Lastly, if anything should happen to me. Please ensure that Kylo is able to return home. Dont let him stay here under Snokes thumb, get him some place safe. --- Report to simulation room 3 at 1700 hours -Gen Hux Mitaka stared at the message, not quite sure what to make of it. Outside of his debriefing after Chelloa and that terrible evening when the Commandant had come to listen to Huxs final report, the General had not spoken to him. In fact, after that evening Hux had disappeared for two days and the Third Lieutenant had feared the worst, especially since the General had been bleeding so badly and almost unable to stand after his confrontation with the Commandant. But then on the third day Hux had been on the bridge, his face was bruised, there was no hiding it, but he seemed completely in control of himself and everything else. As if that awful night had never happened. Kylo Ren had taken up the terrifying habit of lurking nearby wherever the General was. Mitaka suspected this was under the Supreme Leaders orders. He also was fairly certain that the Commandants attack on the General had not been sanctioned, especially given what Hux had told the older man before he sent him packing. While it made sense to use someone as terrifying as the Master of the Knights of Ren to keep a watchful eye on the General, it did tend to hamper the effectiveness of the crews work. This was due to everyone anticipating a sudden outburst of violence between the General and the Knight or for Ren to start destroying something, which so far had not happened. Much to the dismay of the other petty officers who had started placing bets. Be it by the Supreme Leaders orders or something else, Kylo Ren and the General had remained on amicable terms for several days. So much so that it was unnerving. Perhaps the Knights soothed temper could be attributed to the rumor that had been flying around the ship for weeks and weeks. It had only become even more pervasive since Chelloa: that Kylo Ren was enamored with Captain Phasma. The Knight had reportedly stayed at her bedside in the medical bay after the battle for quite some time and taken to visiting her as well. Whatever the reason was for the sudden peace between the General and Knight Mitaka didnt care, so long as it meant he could do his job without getting Force-choked. He looked at the message again. One of the simulation rooms? Was this linked to the special training that Hux had been developing? The training that had allowed the First Order to take Chelloa with only a handful of troopers? Mitaka frowned, a feeling of anxiety growing in the pit of his stomach. The anxiety did not lessen as he stepped into the simulation room later that evening. He wasnt sure what he had been expecting, but it certainly wasn't the General in standard issued workout sweatpants and a black tank top. There were bruises on the Generals arms and neck, yellowing to match the ones on his face, a testament to the fight days prior with the Commandant. There was another man with him, Mitaka realized with growing fear. Kylo Ren stood nearby, all imposing in black robes and terrifying mask. Lieutenant, Hux looked up at him and motioned for him to approach. Mitaka did so, however hesitantly. As he got closer, Mitaka could see that Hux was working at the terminal, there was a trooper formation displayed on it. Sir. You are here by Captain Phasmas recommendation, Hux explained, his attention turning back to the console. You performed well during Chelloa, not many officers would have taken that shot, despite my orders. Th-Thank you sir, Mitaka shifted his weight slightly. Given your performance and your specialization in logistics, I would like to present you with an opportunity Lieutenant, Hux continued, keying in a few commands as he spoke. A chance to contribute to the advancement and development of the First Orders tactics and strategies and to enhance your own abilities. I - I would be honored, Sir Mitakas eyes went wide as he understood what he was being presented with. Save being honored for later. There is work to do, Rens voice comes through his mask and the General gives the Knight a slight glare before he looks back to Mitaka. We begin tonight then. --- He is too timid, Ren complained at the end of the training session after Mitaka had been dismissed. He hesitates far too much. It will take time, he doesnt have the training that Phasma does. His specialty is logistics, not live battles, Hux told him as he field stripped the gun hed been using. He needs to learn quickly if he is going to be of any use to you, Ren sat on the floor next to the console that Hux was working at, crossing his legs as he pulled his helmet off. Mitaka had frozen up at the start of the simulation and struggled to keep up with the General and Knight as they cut through the enemies. In the end the Lieutenant had collapsed, panting and overwhelmed by the simulation. He would learn quicker if you would stop intimidating him, Hux told him, making some notes in console. This was only the first day of his probation. I was not intimidating him! Ren protested. He was going to get shot if he didnt move! Well you should have let him get shot and not Force dragged him across the room. Or you could have called out for him to actually move, any number of things that didnt involve flinging him like a rag doll, Hux scowled. You didnt treat your troopers like that, dont treat him like that. The troopers at least knew to move, they at least did something, Ren grumbled. Why do you dislike him so much? Phasma vouches for him. He has potential- Hux is interrupted by Ren punching the side of the console, causing the hologram currently displayed to flicker and fritz. The General glares down at him. Was that really necessary? He is a liability! He is unsuited for battle, hes better off behind a console then on the front lines! This is a mistake! The Knight rages, his fist slamming into the console again. This time the console flickers and goes out entirely and there is the smell of something plastic burning. Fuck! Ren! Hux crouches at the side of the console, pulling off the side panel to examine the damage. I hadnt saved that! I just lost all of tonights data! The Knight growls and then hes lunging at Hux, pinning him to the floor. Ren, get off! I have to fix this! No! Ren, what the hell? Let me up! Hux struggles against the Knight. But Ren doesnt move, he keeps Hux pinned and then the General realizes that Ren is trembling. He stares up at the Knight as Ren bows his head, his hair hiding his face. The Generals tone softens,Kylo? Kylo, what is it? The Knight shakes his head stubbornly. Kylo, what? Tell me? Hux pulls one of his hands free from the Knights grasp and moves it to stroke his face. Ren leans down then and kisses Hux as hard as he can, biting at his lips until they bleed. Hux makes a noise of pain, scrambling against the sudden onslaught and his free hand grabs Rens hair in an effort to pull the other man off him. The Knight cries out as their kiss is broken and Hux holds him at arms length. They stare at each other for a long moment. Ren, what- Youre mine! Kylo bursts out in a flood of emotion. Youre mine and I dont want to share you! I dont want to lose you! Share? Kylo what are you talking about? Hux wriggles a bit to free his other hand as he lets go of Kylos hair and touches his face. Then it dawns on him. Kylo are you jealous of Mitaka ? The Knight makes a whimpering noise. I  He Then Ren makes a noise of frustration but Hux is stroking his face, silently encouraging him to continue. It is difficult and frightening, the Knight is not used to vocalizing his misgivings. Neither of them are, but they have to if they are to perdure, it is necessary. Finally Ren finds the words, He was close to you when I couldnt be. He warned you about your father. He   Kylo- I know I wasnt there Ren looks back down at Hux, his hands going to trace over Huxs bloody lips. But I dont want to lose you to someone like him. Not someone who is so weak and frightened. Kylo Im not going anywhere, Hux cups the Knights face with both hands. I have no romantic interest in Mitaka. He is here, literally, because Phasma recommended him. Because I need people who I can trust both on and off the battlefield. I need a group of people who are loyal to me-  I am loyal to you! Ren exclaims in dismay, his hands go to clutch Huxs face.  I am loyal to only you, his voice is a whisper now. The Knight is frightened by the power of his own jealousy. How he cant stand the thought of Hux depending on anyone else, of anyone else touching Hux. Kylo, I know you are, Hux pulls him down into an embrace. No one can or ever will replace you. Then why ? Rens voice is agonized. I need to strengthen those around us, not control them by fear, Hux whispers in his ear.  We need more people we can trust if were going to survive. People who will have our backs on the battlefield and off it. Okay? Ren pulls back, gazing down at Hux. Okay, he whispers back, fingers tracing Huxs bloody lips again. Im sorry. It's okay, Hux tells him. I need you to work with me on this, Kylo. Understand? The Knight nods and then leans down, pressing a gentle, apologetic kiss to Huxs lips. Ill try. --- The next night Mitaka came to the simulation room and he was greeted by the sight of the General again. He was working on something on the inside of the console. There was another man, one with a mane of dark hair, in black First Order sweats, that Mitaka didnt recognize, who was passing the General tools as he worked on the inside of the console. General Hux? One moment Lieutenant, Hux tweaked something inside the console and it suddenly flared back to life. Hux sat up and replaced the panel on the console then the dark haired man helped him up to his feet. Hux motioned for Mitaka to come closer and started to type into the console. General? Tonight youll be working with Ren, one-on-one, Hux told him. Mitakas eyes went wide and then became confused. Sir? Ren wasnt there, Mitakas eyes went to the dark haired man, who was the only other one in the room. No. Surely this wasnt- I would set your jacket aside, the dark haired man said, as he started to move, taking the lightsaber from his hip and bringing it to life. Mitaka swallowed heavily, this really was Kylo Ren. It seemed like an impossibility. Ren looked younger then Hux, although not by much, and his face was one that was strangely open. He looked... nervous, shy even without the guard of his mask. As if he wasn't entirely sure how to control his expressions. Certainly not what Mitaka had ever expected the terrifying Force-user to look like. If he hadn't had so many dangerious encounters with the other man, Mitaka would almost think him someone who he might share interests and become friends with. Come, bring your blaster. Ren motioned for Mitaka to follow him to the center of the room. Nervously, the Lieutenant did. There was the sound of Hux typing more commands into the console and Ren circled around Mitaka like an impatient nexus, his lightsaber crackling as he swung it about idly. Ready? The clicks of Huxs fingers over the keyboard ceased. Mitaka glanced at him, not sure what to expect. The previous night had been terrifying. If it had been a real battle Mitaka knew he would have been dead. Yet Hux and the Knight had moved through the enemies like one ferocious beast in perfect synchronization. It was easy to see why Hux had wanted Ren on Chelloa, the Knight was a whirlwind of destruction. What would happen tonight? Ren made a noise of agreement and there was the sound of a single key being struck. Then the simulation sprang to life. Mitaka startled as the room shifted, the sounds of battle filled the space around them. Move, Rens voice came from behind him, low and steady, different without the mask. Mitaka drew his blaster. Behind him he heard the Knights lightsaber deflecting blaster bolts. But his body was frozen in place, panic choking him. It would do you well to fire your weapon, Lieutenant, the Knight reminded him, moving forward, his lightsaber stopping a bolt that would have struck him down. His voice was low, so deep it sent vibrations through Mitaka's body given their proximity. And strangely calm. Move. The enemy will not wait for your pleasure. Move. Mitaka felt reflex take over him and he unfroze. His blaster was alive in his hand and he was firing at their enemies, his legs were moving, carrying him forward. Kylo Ren moved around him like a terrible storm. It was enough to make any man feel invincible, it was clear why Hux had the Knight at his side. Kylo Ren was an unstoppable force that was only barely contained within the body of a man. The Lieutenant lost track of time. Adrenaline filled him and soon the sounds of blaster fire became dull in his ears. The only thing he was aware of was the battle around him, of Kylo Rens voice suddenly being in his ear, urging him to move. The Knight seemed untouchable, removed from the chaos of the battle, bored even. Then suddenly it is over. Silence presses in on Mitakas ears and he finds himself collapsing to the floor gasping for breath. A black gloved hand reaches out to him and he takes it, and Kylo Ren is pulling him to his feet. The Knight said nothing, but gave a nod of approval. You did well, Lieutenant, Hux says coming up to them. We shall continue these exercises until you are ready. Ready for what, Sir? Mitaka asks as he holsters his blaster. To lead a squad of troopers, of course. --- You did well, my Knight, Hux murmured once they were alone and Mitaka had stopped stammering and been dismissed. Hmmm, Ren slid his arms around Huxs waist from where he stood behind the General as he finished typing the notes into the console. He will need work if you want to make him into someone capable of leading. His mind is too busy being frightened, he forgets his purpose. We have time to fix that. To mend what has been broken and possibly  Hux trailed off, leaning back against Ren. You are plotting something, Ren hummed. I am going to change the First Order, Ren. I am going to change the Galaxy, Hux trembles as he speaks. There is power, conviction in his voice, however low it is. I will crush the Republic and after I do, I will destroy all traces of what my father built. It will be different , I'll make it so with my own two hands if I must. I will change things. I will see to it that no one will ever go through what you have, or what Mitaka has- Be mindful of your words, my General, Ren breathed in his ear, his heart leaping into his throat as Hux spoke. They were dangerously intoxicating, someone might believe them if they heard the General speak with such passion. You almost sound as if you plan to overthrow the Supreme Leader himself. If I were to say that were true, would you hate me? Huxs hands dropped away from the consoles keyboard and he turned in Rens arms, looking up at him as his hands rested on the Knights chest. It is strange, difficult even, to allow himself to speak so openly. To voice thoughts that a year ago he would have kept carefully hidden away. It takes a certain amount of bravery for Hux to trust Ren enough to speak these dangerous words. But they are honest ones, ones that desperately need to be said, despite how frightening it is. Would you tell your Master that I plan to kill him one day? That I will make him suffer for every harm that he has inflicted upon you? Of course I will not tell. Just as you will not warn your father the day I bring my saber down on his neck, he presses the thought into Huxs mind and feeling the General tremble at the intensity of his vow. And where, Ren tilted his head curiously, speaking aloud. Did this sudden conviction come from? He leaned down to press a kiss against Huxs lips. I was once too busy being afraid, desperately trying to please, just as Mitaka is now. Then you showed up and suddenly I was good enough. And I fell in love with you, even when I was so certain that no one would touch me in such a way again, Hux gazed up at him. Working with the younger Lieutenant had struck a chord in Hux, one far too close to home. It made fire flare up within him from the coals that had nearly been ground out. Hux would change how things were, he would protect what was precious to him. He could now, he had to! It was then that I realized that I would burn the entire Galaxy to ash if it meant that I could keep you safe, Hux leans up for another kiss, this one slower, deeper and it leaves them both breathless. Feidhelm, Kylo whispers, kissing him again. Fast, hot kisses, that make the General shudder and moan quietly. Wait, wait, Hux squirms in his arms and quickly types a command into the console and it saves the nights data and shuts down. Then the General is practically dragging Ren out of the simulation room and to his quarters. --- It is the first time theyve been in Huxs quarters together in months. Theyd been avoiding it, Ren knows. For the past week theyve been sleeping in Phasmas room, holding each other tightly at night, bodies pressed impossibly close. After that first night of desperately needed re-centering they were suddenly shy. Almost afraid. Never doing more than exchanging kisses under the comforter that smells like smoke and cloves like two school children. The raw sexual need that had been there before was held at bay by anxiety and the desire for closeness. They both knew the second they stepped into Huxs quarters they would be moving irreversibly forward. Now here they were, Ren pressing Hux against the wall of his room as they fumble with shirts and pants. Ren interlaces their fingers and holds Huxs hands against the wall above his head as he trails kisses along the redheads jaw and down over the fading bruises on his neck. He is careful, gentle, secretly fearing that he will accidentally break the other man. That this will all shatter and become a dream. Hux is moaning quietly against him, more vocal than Ren can ever remember him being in the past. When he comments on this the General turns red and looks away, biting his lip. Im not complaining, Ren murmurs in Huxs ear before lightly nipping at it and making a shudder run through the other man. I like it. Let me hear you cry out. Let me see you lose yourself, he lets Huxs hands go and wraps his arms around the Generals waist, lifting him up. Huxs legs wrap around his waist and Ren presses him against the wall again, kissing him as they grind against each other, pants half undone and caught at their knees. I love you, Ren is murmuring senselessly, over and over between kisses as he brings a hand up to cup Huxs face. I love you. I love you. The words feel like they will never grow stale, he can never say them enough. Every time Ren says them Hux shudders a little more, clings to him a little tighter. There is a vulnerability in the General that has surfaced and Ren cant get enough of it. It makes his heart race in a way that the Knight has missed for many lonely nights. Hux gasps, his legs tightening around Rens waist, grinding their hips together with greater urgency. The fabric of their underwear adding to the friction between them and the Generals eyes close, his head tilting backwards as he moans. Ren attacks his neck with kisses that are feather soft against the fading bruises, lightly biting at Huxs collar bone and sucking at the skin until it turns dark red. Huxs legs quiver and something like a sob leaves his throat. Ren moves a hand between them, pulling their underwear halfway down and freeing their cocks to press against each other. They both moan and Hux pulls Ren back into a kiss that leaves the Knights head spinning. Bed, Hux whispers in a strained voice. Please. I want, need to- a moan cuts off his words as Rens hand rubs their erections together, smearing precum over them as he does. What? Ren purrs in Huxs ear. Tell me what you desire, my General. What is it that you so dearly want? A whimper comes from Hux and he gasps for air, his mouth working but only unintelligible mewls and moans escaping his lips as Ren continues to pepper his body with kisses. Tell me, Ren coaxes him, a hand still working their cocks between them as he nuzzles against Huxs neck, panting in his ear. Tell me Feidhelm. Hux wails quietly, arching against Ren, grasping his shoulders. His throat works and then finally the words are coming out. Want you inside me. To- to ride you. Feel you, Huxs words suddenly deteriorate into a language that the Knight doesnt recognize, coupled with breathless moans before he cries out. Kylo! Ren moans, kissing him, both his hands going to grasp Huxs ass. Then he is pulling their pants and underwear off the rest of the way, Hux letting his legs fall from where they are wrapped around Rens waist. And then they are both tripping their way to the bed, frantic and clumsy as their feet tangle in their hastily discarded clothing. They fall onto the bed, or rather Hux draws Ren into a kiss before he pushes him backwards onto the mattress. Rens hand shoots out and he grabs the General, dragging him down onto the bed with him. Their landing is ungraceful, but neither man notices, because they are touching, kissing again and whispering nonsense to each other. I love you Kylo, Hux whispers, as Ren pulls him into his lap and they rock against each other.  A rnsearc , he murmurs, pressing the Knight back down onto the pillows. General and Knight gaze at each other. Rens dark eyes drinking in the sight of Hux, body flushed almost as red as his hair as he rocks, brushing their cocks together and grinding them between their bellies. The General throws his head back, his hands clutching Rens arms for balance as their hips rut together. Kylo, a rnsearc. A rnsearc , Hux gasps, leaning back down and kissing Ren. Touch me, touch me. I want to feel you possess me. He is moving Rens hands placing one on his hip and the other on his chest. Dont let go. I wont. Ever, Ren murmurs as he watches Hux move to sit up, shifting his hips so Rens cock slides behind him and rests flush between his cheeks. Hux reaches under a pillow for a bottle of lubricant and drizzles the clear liquid over his fingers, Rens eyes watching his every move and Huxs eyes lock onto his, holding his gaze. The Knights breath hitches as Huxs lube smeared hand strokes over his cock slicking it, giving it a squeeze. Then his fingers press between his cheeks and one slides inside himself. The General moans, and Ren leans up to kiss him, the hand on his hip gripping the redhead with bruising force and the one on his shoulder moves through his hair, tugging at the longer strands. He kisses Hux as the General works his fingers inside himself and moans into Rens mouth. The General pulls back, pushing Ren back down onto the bed with his other hand, moaning as he fucks himself on his fingers. Help me, Hux whispers and Rens hand moves from Huxs hip to fumble with the lubricant to slick his own fingers. They join Huxs, teasing his entrance where he already has two fingers worked in and out of himself before adding one and then another into the tight ring of flesh. The General moans, his hips bucking and jerking against the combined assault of their fingers. Rens motions are slow and calculated, teasing him open, while his own fingers move quickly, desperate to open himself. Then he stops and rises up on his knees, pulling their fingers from himself and grasping Rens slicked cock, he sinks down onto it with a small cry. Rens hand goes back to grasp his hip in an effort to steady him. Hux drops himself down until he is seated flush against the Knight and panting for breath. Neither of them move for a minute. Ren is trembling now too, the sensation of being inside his lover threatening to overwhelm him. Hux is tight and hot around him, his entire body trembling as his cock drips precum onto Rens stomach. Youre so beautiful, Feidhelm Ren whispers, moving his hand through Huxs hair. The General smiles, the first true smile Ren thinks hes ever seen from the other man and then slowly Hux starts to move. He raises himself up until Ren nearly slides out of him and then drops back down making them both moan. The redhead does this a few times before Ren starts to move to meet his motions. Their bodies work together and Hux is crying out, bracing himself on the Knights arms as Ren touches him. Rens body moves against his, eyes focused only on Hux. Watching his face, taking in every twitch of the Generals face and memorizing every sound that falls from his lips. The redhead is tight around him and nothing has ever felt better than to be joined to Hux in this moment. Ren is certain that even their heartbeats are in sync as his thrusts gain momentum. Neither of the will last long, they have been too long without each other. Hux leans into the touches, entirely lost in the act of their lovemaking. His every motion is ruled by reflex and chasing pleasure for both himself and his partner. He gives into it, head tipping back, Kylos name on his lips like a prayer as his hips move frantically. He is grounded and held in the moment by only Rens hands as they traced over his body. The Knight closes a hand around Huxs cock, pumping it and Hux rides him. Cry out for me, Feidhelm, Ren gasps and the General does not disappoint. It only take a few strokes after that and Hux cums. His entire body goes rigid, tensing and tightening around Rens cock and then with a quiet gasp he collapses forward as spasms go through him. Ren leans up, wrapping an arm around the General to support him, stroking him through his orgasm until Hux is sobbing with overstimulation. K-Kylo! He cries the Knights name to the stars and that is all Ren needs. He thrusts upward twice and is emptying himself into the Generals willing body with a cry. They collapse back onto the bed, shuddering, clinging to each other as they pant for breath. Dont let go. I never will. --- Rens eyes cracked open. He felt a weight on his chest and glanced down to see Hux curled against him. The General was idly tracing his fingers over the Knights scars and the outline of abdominal muscles. How long have you been awake? The Knight asked, a hand going to stroke Huxs back. Not long, was the reply he got as Hux leaned down and placed a kiss on his belly. Do you want breakfast? Breakfast would be nice and a shower But dont you have an officers meeting? Ren closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of teasing fingers and Huxs soft lips against his skin. He didnt want the other to leave, didnt want to ever have to get out of this bed. If he could have just laid there and eaten fruit out of Huxs hand for the rest of his life, basking in the afterglow of their consummated love, Kylo Ren would have been content. I postponed it, Huxs tongue dipped into Rens navel, lapping at it before kissing his way back up the Knights body. He paused to give special attention to the scar on Rens shoulder that made the Knight shudder and moan, before continuing to kiss his way up Rens neck until finally their lips met. Ren pulled Hux into his arms, turning them and flipping their position so the General was pinned under him. Feidhelm. Kylo. They stare at each other, breathing heavily, almost drowning in each others gaze. Ren leans down, brushing his cheek against Huxs before he captures the other mans lips in a slow kiss, pressing his tongue into the Generals mouth. One of his hands goes to find the bottle of lubricant and slicks himself, working his cock to full hardness as they kiss. Hux shivers under him, breaking their kiss to gasp, eyes closing as Rens fingers cool with more lube press against his entrance. Look at me, beautiful, Ren murmurs. Dont close your eyes, I want to see you. Huxs eyes open as Ren presses a finger inside him and the General keens softly, almost as if he might pull away from the touch. No, no, the Knight murmurs softly. Keep looking at me. He presses another finger inside him and Huxs hands grasp his shoulders, panting. Their eyes lock as Ren works his fingers in and out of the redheads body, Hux is biting his lip, trying not to contain the noises he wants to make. It's a futile effort though as Ren replaces his fingers with his cock and the General wails, his legs moving to hug the dark haired mans hips. F-fuck, Kylo! He pants as Ren seats himself fully inside that pale body. The General looks utterly debauched, panting and flushed red, eyes half glazed, mouth hanging open slightly as he moans the Knights name. Ren holds him like that, memorizing how his lover looks in this moment. Then slowly, he starts to move. Huxs eyes almost close, and he rocks his body to meet Rens. The Knight strokes his face, his other hand going to clutch at the Generals hip, hugging his body closer. He sets a pace that is almost languid. Drinking in every moan that leaves Huxs lips, how his legs start to tremble and his nails dig into the flesh of Rens back, how tightly his body clenches around Rens cock. It is more potent than any whiskey and far more enjoyable. He pauses every so often, buried deep inside Huxs body, teasing until the redhead starts to try to rock against him, hungry for the electrifying sensation of their bodies moving. Their release is slow. It is pulled from them in a controlled burn that makes Huxs body spasm and quake beneath Rens as he cries out. The Knight follows him, sobbing from the intensity of his release as Huxs body tightens around him. They lay there, trembling. Their foreheads pressed together, kissing and rocking against each other, savoring those last few sparks of their orgasm. Feidhelm, Rens voice trembles as he speaks. Dont let me go. Promise that you wont? I promise Kylo, Hux nuzzles against him as he speaks, wrapping his arms around the Knight, moving to soothe his insecurity. Ill never abandon you. Never. --- The next three weeks passed like a dream. A surreal honeymoon. Sometimes Hux had to pinch himself to make sure that it was real, that he was waking up every morning tangled up with the Knight. That Ren would wake up after the General and without fail, slip into the shower behind him and kiss at his neck, before distracting him from the task of washing himself. They started to take breakfast in Huxs quarters. Which usually involved Ren sprawling out in Huxs lap and eating fruit out of his hand and humming like the human equivalent of a very pleased cat while the General drank his coffee. One morning Ren didnt join him to shower and when Hux finally came out of the bathroom he was greeted by the sight of the Knight cautiously picking up a piece of toast and starting to take small bites out of the corner of it. Hux watched, almost afraid to move, to speak, lest it spook the other man. The General stands, rooted to the spot, as the Knight slowly eats. It isnt until the piece of toast is completely gone that Hux moves, going to embrace Kylo. The Knight startled, as Hux had feared he might, but the panic is short lived as Hux presses kisses against his face. Im so proud of you Kylo, he whispers, almost in tears. The words feel pedantic as he speaks them and hugs the Knight against him. But Kylo doesnt seem to take offense and leans into the kisses with a shiver, his arms going around the other man. You did well, Hux tells him, stroking his hair. You did so well. It is still some days before Ren eats of his own accord with Hux present. What the Knight chooses to eat strikes Hux as odd, but he never comments on it. Ren still supplements what he eats with the nutrition supplements, as if he doesnt trust himself to eat properly. And with good reason. There are bad days for the Knight, when Kylo cant seem to manage it any of it. Those days shatter the storybook bliss and bring both Knight and General back to reality. Those days start with Hux being jolted from sleep as Ren thrashes next to him, screaming from nightmares. When hes finally awake, Ren clings to Hux and the General has to gently coax him to eat out of his hands again. Those are the days when the when the Knight is restless and temperamental, moving through the Star Destroyer like an unchecked meteor storm. He destroys consoles, frightens petty officers and snaps at Mitaka as they train the younger man. Hux has learned to put himself between them sometimes, because he fears that Ren may actually hurt the Lieutenant. Careful, Ren, Hux warns him, catching the arm that would bring the fritzing red lightsaber down on the Lieutenant. The Knight turns on him with a snarl that sounds more monster than human from behind his mask. Behind him Mitaka takes several steps back, his face white. Youre dismissed for the evening Lieutenant, Hux tells the younger man. Mitaka doesnt need a second invitation and bolts from the simulation room. Ren pulls his arm from Huxs grasp and starts to pace in front of the General, agitated. Hux waits, keeps his stance neutral, keeps himself calm and waits. --- The first time Kylo had a bad day, Hux had reacted just as badly from the shock of it. He was impatient and short tempered, there had been meetings he had been late to, reports he had to finish. It had been the worst possible time for this to happen. Ren had destroyed three consoles and been about to start on his fourth when Hux had started to yell at him. The Knight had responded by Force throwing his lightsaber at the General. Hux had narrowly dodge it and they had nearly descended into violence right there in the hall. The only thing that had saved that hallway from further damage was another meeting demanding Huxs attention. They had avoided each other for the rest of the day. That night Ren had nearly killed Mitaka in their training session and Hux had to bodily pull the Knight off the other man, only to have Ren turn on him. Their ensuing fight had nearly broken Huxs arm. The General might have learned a lot from Ren but in a truly desperate fight the Knight would always be able to overpower him. It was as if the Knight had been still caught in the nightmare from that morning and only woken up just as Huxs bones started to creak. Once he was free Hux had dismissed Mitaka, spitting blood from his mouth as he did and then turned to Ren. The Knight was standing there, staring at his hands, trembling and Hux had punched him as hard as he could. What the fuck is wrong with you? Have you lost your mind? The General had screamed. Ren staggered and didnt fight back, didnt meet Huxs eyes as the redhead hurtled hurtful words at him, called him a monster. That night Ren had gone to the medical wing and slept in Phasmas room. His too large body half in the chair and half resting on her bed, his face pressed against her side as he cried inconsolably. That was where Hux had found him hours later. The General was shamefaced and Phasma had glared at him and written him the most berating note ever. She had been shaking with rage, so much so that if she had been able she might have slapped him. Ren Ren Im so sorry, Hux whispered. The Knight wouldnt look at him. Sorry doesnt fix it. You called him a monster. How could you? Do you have any idea how much that hurts him? Phasma glared at him. Hux looks away, and then moves. He kneels next to Rens chair, putting a gentle hand on his knee. The Knight flinches. Ren please! Hux begs. Please, Im so sorry. I didnt mean - I needed you! Ren finally looks at him, his eyes red and face tear streaked. I needed you and you werent there! You were too busy! You pushed me away again because I became too difficult! Im not a mind reader Ren, Hux whispers. I didnt know what you needed! I didnt know how to help you! Youre just like your father! The Knight shouts and Hux jerks back. You would sooner hurt someone than help them! Huxs hand drops from Rens knee as the Knight gasps, realizing what hes said. Hux, I- There are some things that they both know never to say. For Ren it is calling him a monster, for Hux it is lumping him together with his father. Those things wound almost too deeply to bare, they push salt into deep wounds that will take years to heal. Hux stands, moving like hes in shock and makes to leave. It is only because Ren grabs him and holds him in a tight hug that he doesnt reach the door. The Knight is sobbing against him and Hux turns back to him, wrapping his arms around him. Im sorry, the Knight whispers. Im afraid. I I dont want to be alone. Im afraid too, Hux tells him. I shouldnt have yelled. I should have never yelled. Im so sorry. I What happened to you? I couldnt reach you unless I was screaming and even then I didnt know what to do. They end up sitting at the foot of Phasmas bed as the Knight and Captain explain the night terrors to Hux. How with Kylos Force sensitivity sometimes they linger and he cant tell reality from the dreams. It unsettles and disturbs the Knight and no amount of meditation can ease it. Sometimes the phantoms of those hes killed haunt him or he relives the training that Snoke has made him endure. Other times the Force sends him terrifying visions of the future or reminds him of what hes left behind. Thats why I never stayed the night before, Ren admits quietly to Hux. I didnt want you to see me like this, I didnt want you to have to deal with me being  broken. Kylo, Hux takes Rens hands in his. I want to be with you. Broken or otherwise. I want to help you. I love you, the General speaks slowly, his tone gentle. But if I dont know then I cant help. You have to let me in Kylo. Please. Im scared Feidhelm. This is terrifying. I know Kylo. I know, but please, please try? Kylo ends up curled between Hux and Phasma on the tiny medical bay bed. Hux is stroking his back, and Phasma holds one of Rens hands tightly, as they work to soothe him while the Knight quietly talks about the nightmare that had started this downward spiral. --- It didnt make the bad days better, but it did make them easier. They learned to manage. Now Hux waits and Ren paces like an irate rancor. Finally the Knight comes up to him and pulls his mask off, dropping it to the floor of the room and looks at Hux. His expression is pained and frightened. It's okay, Hux tells him, slowly raising his arms, offering them out the Knight. Come here. Ren takes a single step towards him. Then another. Then he runs to the General, collapsing into the offered embrace. Hux staggers under the Knights weight, but doesnt fall. Ren presses his face against the Generals neck, as if that will hide him from whatever terror is plaguing him. Tell me about it? Hux asks quietly. Ren shakes his head and Hux sighs. This is the hardest part, getting the words out of Kylo. Sometimes it takes hours for the Knight to finally feel safe enough to confide in Hux and more often than not, Kylo desperately needs Hux to re-center him. That part is the most terrifying for Hux. He isnt afraid of being Force-choked or run through with Rens lightsaber. What frightens him the most is how much he loves to re-center the Knight. How beautiful Ren looks after he is struck and marked with bruises and welts. How powerful Hux feels when Ren breaks and begs for Hux to kiss him and stroke him to release. The General fears himself, fears he will one day harm Kylo irreparably, or worse that he will become a mirror image of his father and take delight in cruelty. Hux has told this to Ren the third time it had happened. Confessed this fear with his head held in his hands. Told Kylo how much he hates, yet relishes striking the other. How beautiful Ren is when hes bloodied by Huxs tender ministrations. Kylo had kissed him and then sank to his knees, placing Huxs hands on his face as he gazes up at him. I need this from you. I can trust only you with this terrible task and no one else. If I feared you becoming your father and killing me I would never submit myself to your mercies, he kissed Huxs palms, the burn scars there nearly faded away now. I love you Hux, and everything you do to me. One day you will find comfort in this as I do and then we will no longer need it. Until then, please please hurt me. Every time Ren assures Hux that he trusts the General. That Hux, and only Hux, striking him under the right conditions brings Kylo into that hazy state of bliss, that mental relief of the burden he carries. For Ren violence and sex are two sides of the same coin, they could be exclusive but they were also inseparable and often together. Such was his reality for that had been his experience. So his re-centering, his breaking and rebuilding requires both, violence to break him and sex to rebuild him, coupled with Huxs kisses and warm touches. They use Huxs office for these exercises, they keep this violence away from the Generals quarters, from their bed. The bedroom is a safe place, where Hux, at Phasmas advice, does not allow violence to take place. Every time they finish re-centering the Knight, Ren tells Hux he loves him. And every time the General apologizes, worrying over Rens well being as he wipes away blood and kisses his bruises and helps Ren back to the Generals quarters to shower away the sweat and ill memories. Hux feels conflicted, feels that overbearing shadow of guilt as readily as he feels the pull of his desires. It is a burden that will not become easier to bear as time passes. Hux? Rens voice brings the General back to the present. Yes? Can we go to bed? The Knight sounds tired and Hux can feel him trembling. Of course. Sometimes they are lucky though, and all it takes is a simple embrace, no violence required. A few hours later, Ren is pressed against Hux as they lie in bed. The Knights breathing is slow and deep, skin still warm from a shower, and Hux is stroking his hair. Tomorrow will be a better day. --- Lieutenant, Rens voice makes Mitaka startle from the task he was absorbed in. S-Sir! He snaps to attention, eyes going to the Knight. Ren was in his robes and mask, as he typically was outside of the simulation room, although mask or not the other man was still terrifying. There had been too many close calls in the past two months during their training. There were days when the Knight was almost friendly and others when he seemed to be possessed by some great monster. On the latter Mitaka was certain that if the General had not been there, he would be dead. Last night had been one such night. Walk with me a moment. The Force user turned, motioning for Mitaka to follow him. The Lieutenant did so despite his gut reflexes telling him to run in the opposite direction. They walked, or rather it seemed to Mitaka, wandered for the space of several minutes until an expanse of windows opened up to a view of the stars surrounding them. It was here that Ren stopped, turning his helmeted head up to gaze at them. Then the Knight sighed heavily. Mitaka wasnt sure was to make of this so he stood silently next to the other man, but out of harms reach. Not that it would do much good if Ren decided to Force choke him. I apologize for my behavior yesterday. It was uncalled for, the Knight murmured, dropping his head to look at the Lieutenant. Mitaka could only stare at him, not quite certain that he had heard the Knight correctly. Did Kylo Ren really just apologize to him? Was this some sort of trick? Or a test? What do you even say to a person like Kylo Ren? Apology accepted, sir Mitaka finally managed to say. It seemed like the safest thing. Ren nodded once and then turned his head to look back at the stars. Feeling a little braver, Mitaka continued. I understand that you and the General are probably under a great deal of pressure from the Supreme Leader. Sometimes pressure and stress can cause even the best of us to react in ways we regret. Ren turned away from the stars again, staring at Mitaka and then a strange noise came from under his mask. It took the Lieutenant a moment to recognize what it was: Kylo Ren was laughing. Hux was right, you have gotten braver, the Knight chuckled to himself. Perhaps you are ready to lead a squad after all. I hope I can be a good leader and not disappoint, sir Mitaka said carefully. Phasma seems to think that you will be, Ren told him with a shrug. We shall see. Oh, how is the Captain faring in her recovery? You could always go to the medical bay and find out for yourself. Ah I worry that I would intrude, Mitaka looked up at the stars, he almost felt at ease. He didnt remember ever speaking this much to Ren outside of the simulation room. Intrude? The Knight tilts his helmeted head, and Mitaka wonders if hes made a mistake in speaking so casually. Well, I mean it wouldnt be appropriate, not for someone of my rank to- Do not lie to me Lieutenant. Rank has nothing to do with this, Ren waves a dismissive hand. Mitaka swallows hard and glances at the other man nervously. Tell me your true meaning. I would rather not spoil this conversation by having to rip the truth from your mind. It's just that well I mean, Mitaka stammers. It's just a rumor, I mean. Lieutenant, Ren growls warningly. I assumed you would be there because everyone says that you and her are together, the words leave Mitaka in a rush and he half expects the Knight to cut him down at that very moment. Instead Ren only laughs again, the noise strange and distorted by his mask. Is that what they say Lieutenant? He sounds amused, which could be good or bad. That we are lovers? Y-Yes sir, it is slightly strange to hear someone like Kylo Ren use the term lovers, but it is not untrue that was what the rumors said. The rumors were, however, far more lewd than that, but Mitaka wasnt foolish enough to repeat them. I suppose subtly is a tactic in which I am lacking then, the Knight shrugs and Mitakas eyes go wide. So it is true sir? Why does it matter Lieutenant? Unless, Maker forbid, you have wagered credits on the matter of my personal life? No sir! There were several who had but Mitaka had not taken part in the betting. Ren made a noise of annoyance. On that note however, you will be training with the General alone tonight. I have a personal matter to attend to. Understood, Sir, Mitaka said, realizing what he was being told: Ren was going to see Phasma tonight. They were lovers! Would you be willing to send the Captain my regards? I shall, and I trust that this matter will stay between us, Lieutenant? Of course, Sir. ---- Good evening, Lieutenant, Hux glanced up as Mitaka entered the simulation room. Good evening, Sir. Hux keys in a command on the console and a hologram display of a battle scenario appears between them. In light of Rens absence tonight we will go through a different exercise, Hux gestured at the display. If your squad is here, he pointed to a spot on the display and it turned red. And you have enemies here, here and here, each subsequent spot he pointed to turned purple, surrounding the small red dot. How would you escape? Is escape the only goal, sir? For the moment, yes. Mitaka studied the hologram, looking at the terrain and the troop layout. The size of the enemy forces sir? Each is a battalion. Weaponry unknown. In that case, if we have no wounded then the best option is to skirt between these two forces and get behind the higher ground,  Mitaka gestured, tracing his finger along the intended path. The path highlighted itself in yellow. If we have wounded though, it would be better to split into two groups. Hux nodded, then changed the hologram, presenting Mitaka with another scenario. How would you lead your force against these odds? They go through eight more scenarios, Hux asking the Lieutenant a different question for each one, getting a feel for how he would utilize troopers under his command. Then he presents Mitaka with three different formations, seeing which one he would pick to lead through another set of scenarios. He does not try to influence the Lieutenant one way or the other, garnering insight to how the younger man would be most useful. It was one thing to watch him fight alongside Ren and himself, but it was another to see how he handled the added responsibility of troopers. Tomorrow I will assign you a platoon, Hux tells him at the end of the night. You will receive troopers from both my squad and Lord Rens as well as some fresh troopers who have not been trained in these techniques yet. These troopers will be your responsibility, they will be at your command. I expect you to use them wisely and respectfully. Yes sir! Mitakas face lights up like a child on holiday. The real work begins now, Lieutenant, Hux cautions him. You will train harder in these next few months than you have in your life. It will not be easy. You will have to fight and and be ready to face death. You cannot freeze on the battlefield. There is no time for second guessing yourself. The Academy did not prepare us for the reality of war, it is not clean, it is not swift. It is ugly, messy, and brutal. No amount of simulations can prepare you for that, and you must train your focus. You will engage myself and Lord Ren in skirmishes and it will be terrifying. But it is necessary, there will be days when you leave here bruised, burned and possibly bloody, he saw Mitaka flinch slightly at that. He had to be careful here, he put a hand on Mitakas shoulder. Our goal is not to cripple you with fear, but to build you into something stronger. That does not come without trials. Mitaka is shaking a bit now as Hux speaks, but he doesnt drop his eyes from Huxs, he keeps his chin raised. How much the younger Lieutenant had changed in the past two months, a little braver, a little stronger. Their investment has started to pay off. Hux leans closer to Mitaka now his voice is low as he speaks in the other mans ear. I promise you Mitaka, I am not my father. And this is not the Academy. I need you strong. Not broken. Not afraid. And I need you to trust me, Mitaka. Hux pulled away, taking a step back from Mitaka, letting his hand drop off the other mans shoulder. Mitaka looks like hes breathless and his face has drained of color. Do I have your loyalty, Dopheld? Hux asks, he watches the other man closely. Mitaka swallows heavily, but he does not look away. You do, sir. I will not let you down, Mitaka snapped to a salute. Hux saw a flicker of fear, but it was gone after a moment and the younger man looked determined. Phasma had chosen wisely, all the boy had needed was some hands on training coupled with some familiarity and acknowledgement. It was quite simple really and a damn shame the Academy heads would never agree with Hux. The General almost smiled. I am glad to hear that, Lieutenant. There will be no time for second guessing yourself. There will be times when I will consult with you, Lord Ren and the Captain. I expect to hear your voice and for you to bring new insight to our discussions. Point out things that we have missed, Hux picked up a datapad and handed it to Mitaka. These are my notes, my strategies and my plans. All of my work in the past months. It would do you well to look them over Lieutenant and  General? Mitaka held the datapad reverently. Get some rest Mitaka. There is work to do. --- How is Phasma? Hux looked up from the proposal he was working on as Ren entered his quarters. Much better, the Knight removed his helmet, setting it on a table before starting to strip off the rest of his robes. They took the tube out of her throat, she can breathe on her own again. She can talk again. There was a quake in his voice as he spoke betraying how much he cared about the Stormtrooper Captain. And here I was getting used to her throwing her notepad at me, Hux stood, he would finish the proposal later. The Knight, clad in only his boots and pants, moved to him, trapping him back against the desk and pressing a kiss against the Generals mouth. Hux wrapped his arms around Ren and drew him in, letting the kiss last as long as the Knight needed it to. They finally parted, foreheads resting against each others. Are you all right? Hux asked quietly, bringing a hand up to touch Rens face. The Knight nodded. Im glad that she is recovering. It is not the same without her, I miss having her by my side. I know. Just give it time, be patient. Okay? Shell pull through, Hux reassured him. Ren nodded again, biting his lip. I know she will, Ren said after a moment. But She almost died. Thats terrifying that I could lose her, shes been such a constant presence. I cant imagine her not being here. He tilted his head to the side. Do that make sense? In a way, Hux nodded. It was easy to forget sometimes just how attached the Knight was to Phasma. How they had adopted each other. Ren reaches around Hux to pick up the proposal he was working on. Whats this? He asks, eyes skimming it as he rests his chin on the Generals shoulder. Something that the heads of the Order will utterly hate, Hux told him with a smirk, turning in Rens arms so he could lean back against the Knights broad chest. The General might have control of the troopers on the field, but his power was not absolute, certainly not within the innermost workings of the First Order. Youre going to make it your life goal to antagonize them now, arent you? Ren chuckled. Oh, absolutely, Hux sighed, closing his eyes for a moment as the Knight glanced over what hed written. This is almost charitable, Ren murmured. Hmm, I suppose so. But you see the logic to it, yes? Easily. After all, what parent doesnt want to feed their children? Ren set the proposal down. It makes people loyal to the Order. It reminds them of where the Republic has failed them, makes the Order seem benevolent. It is brilliant, Ren kissed Huxs neck. Im glad you think so. Lets just hope I convince the heads, Hux closed his eyes, letting the Knight support him for a moment. Since the Order had stopped accepting recruits, they had been supplementing their troopers with children abducted from families in the Outer Rim. It was a callous tactic, one that the General despised. The idea of mandatory service was one of the Old Empire, outdated and more hurtful than helpful. Hux was proposing something different. The worlds on the Outer Rim were often impoverished and often neglected by the Republic, allowing slavers and smugglers to roam freely. There was no protection for the people of the Outer Rim, that was a void the Order could fill. Instead of ripping children away from their families, taking babes by force just as slavers did, the Order could use a different tactic. By offering compensation to the families for the children they could not afford to feed, taking those children in and giving them a life that was not doomed to slavery or crime, giving them marketable skills and offering protection in return for loyalty, the Order would appear to be a far kinder master than the Republic. The Jedi of the Old Republic had employed a similar tactic when they collected the younglings for their own Order. They had used the lure of prestige the family might gain by having a child who became a Jedi, the better life the child might have, the power that he or she might one day wield. If the First Order could have that same allure they would have more troopers than they would know what to do with. It was simple, and the heads of the Order would entirely disapprove. They preferred to just take what they felt entitled to and doing so would win the First Order no friends and make the people rally around the Resistance fighters who were just out of reach of the Order. That was something Hux could not afford to have happen. The Order needed to gain strength, quickly. They needed to- Tomorrow you assign Mitaka his troops right? Rens voice broke through Huxs thoughts. Yes. I think hell do well. Hmm, this was one of your more clever plans. I rather enjoy having my personal group of troopers, Ren murmured, biting lightly at Huxs ear. I will be replacing the ones that go to Mitakas platoon, so youll have some that are not used to you yet. Try to not traumatize them. Me? Never, Ren mocked, chuckling in Huxs ear before biting at it again. You think Mitaka will be able to handle it? Hes grown a great deal, he is loyal to me, Hux sighed, arching against the Knight. I think he will do fine once he-nggh! His words were cut off by Ren gently biting at his neck, while his hands slide between Huxs thighs, palming him through his pants. There are other ways to change the subject, you know, he whispered as the other started to kiss along his shoulder. Yes, but this way is by far the most amusing. You are too tense, too distracted, Ren murmured to him, voice dark and husky. A hand stroked its way up Huxs torso to close around his neck, not applying pressure, but just resting there. A promise. Are you all right, Feidhelm? Hux shivered, taking a deep breath and slowly letting it out. Feeling Rens hands on him, holding him steady. I  I am, he finally answered, moving his own hands to rest over the one Ren had on his neck. Let me see, Ren murmured, not believing the General. Hux sighed and held his hands out before him. See? He told the Knight. No tremors. I dont want you to get to the point of tremors, Ren whispered, his fingers tracing over the tight muscles in Huxs neck, resting over the arteries where his pulse pounded. We can head yours off, we cant on mine. I dont want it to fester inside you. Ren pressed his lips against the pulse point on Huxs neck, teeth grazing his skin as he sucked at the spot. Hux moaned quietly, letting his hands drop to touch the one Ren had resting on the inside of his thigh. But the Knight moved his hand, capturing Huxs and holding them away from his body. Promise me, Ren whispered, breath teasing his neck. Promise me you wont neglect yourself. That youll come to me, that youll let me help you. Please Feidhelm. Hux took a shuddering breath, forcing himself to be calm. The Knight was right, they could not anticipate Rens bad days, but Hux was also better equipped, better trained for handling the stresses that they endured. And Hux had endured for years . You dont have to though, Ren breathed in his ear, the Knight had been in his thoughts. You dont have to endure, to hold out. Im here, we are together in this. The Knight nuzzled against Hux, sighing as he did. I love you Feidhelm, I dont want you to hurt needlessly. I know, Hux told him, not fighting against the hold Ren had on him, instead he relaxed into it. I promise, I will come to you when I am in need. He turned his head, looking back at the Knight and stealing a kiss. I trust you, Kylo. --- I trust you have information for us? The man in the hologram asked. I do. Good, it would be a pity for the girl if you didnt. It's been nearly three months, we were beginning to think youd been compromised, that would have been most unfortunate. Silence passes between them. Spit it out boy! The man growls, the security of their connection can only last so long. No. Let me see her first, the younger man raises his chin defiantly. His voice is steadier than it had been in their last communication. You are in no position to bargain! You arrogant brat! Oh but I am, the younger man holds up a datapad. And what is that? General Huxs personal notes on the program he is developing. Every tactic, every formation, every plan and plot, the younger tell the older. Terabytes of information. More than your pathetic Resistance would ever know what to do with. More than you could ever comprehend. The older man is silent for a moment. What is your price? You let Ashara go free. The older mans laughter is barking. Oh I think not little Lieutenant. I think not. The younger man falters. You need this information. Yes, but we can squeeze it out of you by means of your fianc. You will give us that information, Lieutenant, or we will break her. Bone by bone. Piece by piece. You wouldnt! You cant! But we can. There is nothing stopping us, we are outside of the New Republics laws. We don't even formally exist. The younger man looks away, a muscle working in his neck as he desperately tries to master himself. Youre no better than we are, he whispered, looking back at the older man. You Resistance members like to pretend that youre better than the First Order but youre just like us! Just as monstrous! His voice raises slightly and the older man chuckles. Mind your tone with me, he reaches outside of the holograms frame and pulled the Togruta into view. Or I will show you that we can be far more cruel than the First Order ever imagined. The Togruta struggled against the older man as he grabbed one of her hands and bent her little finger backwards until it snapped. She screamed. NO! The younger man cried out, taking a step forward, reaching out as if that might somehow stop what was happening. No, stop! You see? The older man pushed the Togruta to the ground where she clutched her hand, sobbing. I have no times for games little boy. You will give us that information. Or we will break every part of her and send them to you in boxes. Youre monsters. Says a boy who would see the Empire of old restored. Now, you will divulge the contents of the Generals notes, or I will continue to break her. The younger man hesitated, his hands clutching the datapad. Pity, and here I thought wed finally gotten through to you, the older man reached down, grabbing the girls hand as she struggled to get away from him. Wait! The older man paused. Yes? What what if I could tell you something else? Additional information? And what might that be? I know who Kylo Rens lover is. The older man threw his head back and laughed. That beast has a lover? Oh, this is rich! Tell me, who has the feared Master of the Knights of Ren taken to bed? Captain Phasma. The leader of your Stormtroopers? I thought she died on Chelloa? I assure you she did not, if she had Lord Ren would have wiped your miserable Resistance from the Galaxy. We werent involved in Chelloa. Maybe not directly, but you were advising their militia, the younger man smirked. Your data covering needs work, your trail was easy to follow. It would seem that we are at an impasse then Lieutenant, the older man frowned. Perhaps when we next speak you will be more forthcoming. Think of your fianc, and how easily her bones snap. He hefted the Togruta girl up by the arm, and she started to scream, struggling against him in earnest. No! No, dont! The younger man protested. You chose the wrong time to be brave, Lieutenant, there was another snap and the girl screamed and howled in pain. Then the hologram vanished, their connection had been cut, leaving the young man alone in the dark corridor of the Star Destroyer. --- You are not concentrating! Ren snapped at Mitaka as the Knights troopers easily overwhelmed the Lieutenants for the third time in that evening. The smaller man had been doing well with his troopers for the month hed had them. Then all of a sudden, the Lieutenants focus had broken and for two days hed not been able to perform, as if his mind was elsewhere entirely. Exercise after exercise, skirmish after skirmish hed been overwhelmed. I apologize, Sir, Mitaka looked away. Apologies dont fix dead troopers! If this had been a live battle you all would have been dead! Ren raged at him. Where was that spark of bravery that Mitaka had exhibited earlier, the one that had made Hux so certain that the young Lieutenant was the right choice? Enough, Ren, Hux warned. Ren glared at the General and stalked off to the far side of the simulation room, seething as Hux dismissed their troopers so it was only the three of them in the simulation room. Ren could hear Hux talking lowly to Mitaka. The Lieutenants fear was palpable, Ren didnt need to read his mind to see that he was distressed. Was he folding under pressure? Was it something else? It would be easy to reach into the other mans mind and find out. But that sort of intrusion amongst allies was generally frowned upon. Hux finished his discussion with Mitaka and his footsteps echoed as he left the room. There was the sound of keys clicking then as Mitaka accessed the console. Evidently Hux had assigned the younger officer a studying task for the rest of the evening. Ren doubted that would help. With a sigh of frustration he made his way back over to the console where Mitaka stood. What is distracting you? He asked reluctantly. Mitaka jumped like Rens words had been a taser. I-N-Nothing! Nothing sir! Do not lie to me, Ren closed the space between them, looming over the smaller man. He was glad in that moment that he was not in his robes and mask, Mitaka probably would have hyperventilated his way into fainting, the other mans face was drained of color. I could rip your secrets from your mind, Ren placed a single finger on Mitakas temple. Or you could simply tell me. He pulled his hand back and crossed his arms over his chest. Your choice. Although I would prefer not to have to explain that I took such drastic measures to the General, simply because you were being stubborn. I am not as patient as he is, so save us all the time and wasted effort and tell me what is so clearly plaguing you. He watched Mitaka sputter for a few seconds and rolled his eyes. This was going to get them nowhere. Lieutenant, he growled warningly. Mitaka fell silent, looking down at his hands. Then much to Rens surprise the other man pulled a small holo display from his pocket and pressed the display button. An image of a Togruta girl appeared. She looked like she was about their age, clothed in a long flowing dress. After a moment she spun around, laughing softly. I miss you, her recorded hologram spoke. I hope you come home soon, Dopheld. Ren tilted his head, blinking in surprise as the hologram replayed itself. This is Ashara, the Lieutenant said quietly. My fianc. Her family are outspoken supporters of the First Order and they supported the Empire as well. I worry for her safety. You think that the Resistance would target her or her family? Ren studied the other mans face closely. Mitaka watched the girl in the hologram like she was his entire world. It was the look that Hux had fixed on Ren when he thought the Knight wouldnt notice. But Ren always noticed, because it made him swell with pride to know that the other man would burn down entire planets if only for Ren. It wasnt just some arranged marriage between Old Empire families, the Lieutenant was in love with her. I do. I have not heard from her in some time, Mitakas voice was trembling. When are you to be married? Ren asked, as Mitaka closed the hologram, holding the device to his chest as if it was a precious gem. After my first tour of duty is complete, in another year and six months. I-Im saving up my leave time to try and visit her, he looked like he was about to cry. Im sure the General will let you go see her, Ren offered lamely. He did not like the feeling of guilt that was gnawing at him for having been so hard on the smaller man. Mitaka nodded, biting his lip and Ren had no idea what to do to make the other man feel better. He hadnt been expecting some affair of the heart. Can I ask you something Lord Ren? Mitaka glanced up at him. What? Ren was glad the other man was talking, so he didnt have to try to make any awkward attempts at comforting him. If  if the person you cared most in the Galaxy was in trouble, what would you do to save them? Rens eyes narrowed. That is a very odd question to ask, Lieutenant, he frowned, carefully considering his next words. Are you in some sort of trouble? He could press the other, influence him with the Force to get an answer out, but that would defeat the purpose of their conversation. So far the Force was silent, it did not give any of the usual warnings that it did when things were awry. Perhaps this really was just the other man being overly concerned and homesick and there was no darker agenda. For a moment Ren was sure that Mitaka was going to pass out. His mouth worked for several seconds but no words came out. I  I just want to do the right thing, finally came the quiet answer. I want to protect her. Ren considered this answer for several seconds before he sighed. If I ever found myself in a position such you describe Lieutenant, I would bring the stars themselves down upon my enemies and destroy any and all who would threaten the thing I hold dear. No matter what the consequences? Even if it put others in danger? Mitakas voice was a hoarse whisper. Are you certain you arent in trouble? Ren asked again, he took his hand and put it, not on Mitakas temple, but his shoulder, trying to offer the smaller man a bit of confidence. The Lieutenant flinched, clearly expecting to have his mind torn into and when that did not happen he looked up at Ren in shock. Wh-wha- he stammered. Phasma and Hux trust you, if they did not you would not have been given the chance that you have been, Ren told him, letting his tone soften a little. I, in turn, trust their judgement. We protect our own, Mitaka. So whatever battle you are fighting, know that you need not fight it alone. Mitaka stared at him and then took a slow step back. Ren was really hoping the smaller man didnt burst into tears, or worse, try to hug him. Instead the Lieutenant straightened slightly, sniffling a bit, but looked more resolute than he had previously. Thank you, Lord Ren, for your confidence. --- The hologram sprang to life. Perhaps today you will be more cooperative? The older man looked at the young Lieutenant. I will bring you the data personally. Meet me on Dantooine in one week. Thats a good boy. I was hoping I wouldnt have to break more of your fiancs pretty little fingers. I have a condition however. You always try to bargain, when will you realize that you cant? Soon Ill run out of fingers to break on your girl. Mitaka gritted his teeth but didnt waver. I want to see her, in the flesh. I want to be able to hold her. I want her freedom in exchange for this, he held the datapad up. And, he swallowed heavily. My continued assistance in gathering information. Are you considering of defecting Lieutenant? Not in a million years. Certainly not to the likes of you. Pity, but as you will then. In one week. The hologram when dark and Mitaka let out a breath of relief. He could do this. He had to! He stepped out of the secluded hallway and made his way back to his quarters. Once there he sat at his computer and took out a second datapad. One that looked exactly like the one Hux had given him. He copied the data over from one pad to the other. Mitaka then took a deep breath and cracked his knuckles as he pulled up a program on his computer. Technically he shouldnt have the program, if it was ever found it would lead to questions that he didnt feel like answering. But at a time like this he was glad to have it. He took the second datapad, connecting it to his machine and with great care, started to corrupt and alter the data contained within it. --- I got the oddest request today, Hux mused to Ren as they laid in bed, almost asleep. And what was that? Did someone want a pet rancor? Or to give the First Order an official mascot? Ren asked with a yawn. Neither actually, but Mitaka asked to used some of his leave time. He wants to go to Dantooine for a few days. Really? The Knight perked up at this. You dont seem surprised. I might have spoken to him a few days ago about some personal matters, the Knight said elusively. Hux gave the Knight a look and Ren put his hands up in defense. I promise I did not choke it out of him. What did you do? Hux groaned, rubbing his face with his hand. Did you know he has a fianc? No, I didnt actually, his file has nothing on it, Hux frowned, they would have to look into that, missing information made the Order vulnerable. He was distracted because he was worried about the girl hes engaged to, Ren elaborated. Some arranged marriage between very vocal Old Empire and First Order supporting families. Hes probably asking for the time off to go see the her. Wait, he told you this? You didnt pull it from him? Hux had to admit he was impressed. Ren, while polite enough by virtue of silence, was severely lacking in any sort of social grace. That he had actually had a civil conversation with Mitaka and gotten the other man to reveal the source of his worry without using a Force mind trick was practically worthy of a gold medal. I promise I did not pull it from him, Ren said, looking offended by Huxs lack of faith in him. And yes he told me. He is our ally is he not? So I  the Knight sighed. I have been making an effort to treat him as such. Hux stared at his lover. Kylo Ren, you continue to surprise me, he murmured, placing a kiss on the Knights forehead. He was proud of his lover, that Ren was moving, however slowly, beyond communicating with just him and Phasma. He never expected Ren to be good at it, but that he was doing so, of his own initiative, gave Hux hope for his lover. That some sort of recovery might be possible for the Knight, despite what hed been through. Despite what Snoke had done Hux put the thought from his mind. He would have to be sure to approve Mitakas leave request in the morning. --- So you came after all Lieutenant, the older man says. Hes taller than Mitaka expected; much, much older too. They stare at each other in the empty warehouse, theyre both dressed in civilian clothing, and both of them have blasters hidden under their jackets. Lets not waste time, did you bring it? Mitaka holds up the datapad. I kept my word, his fingers itch to draw his blaster and shoot the old man down right there. Where is Ashara? The Resistance leader snaps his fingers and the Togruta is dragged forward, her hands are bound behind her and she is gagged, tears stream down her face. The sight of her hurt makes Mitaka wish that he had the power that Kylo Ren did, that he could simply wipe out his enemies with a thought or a gesture. Instead he takes a deep breath, working to keep himself calm, to keep his words civil. Mitaka takes a step forward, offering out the datapad to the older man. Give her back to me, he grits out through clenched teeth. The old man snatches the datapad out of Mitakas hand and throws the bound girl at him. Mitaka catches her, holding her tightly for a moment as he hastily pulls the gag off and unbinds her hands. Her arms go around him, clinging tightly to him and he never wants to let her go. It's okay, itll be alright, he whispers in her ear. Everything will be fine now. I promise. She is trembling against him and she feels far too thin. It is also apparent that they havent let her bathe either. But all the same Mitaka kisses her, brushing her tears away with gentle fingers. It's okay, Ashara. It's okay now. Ive got you, he whispers to her, trying to console her. He hates the Resistance and the Republic with every fiber of his being for what theyve done to her, for destroying the Empire and plunging the Galaxy back into corrupted chaos. Mitaka glances at the Resistance members, they are scanning the datapad, their attention is not on him or his fiance. Can you run? He whispers to Ashara. She nods, biting her lip. I have a ship nearby, be ready. Then he slowly starts to back away from the distracted Resistance fighters. They can choke on the data hes given them. He hopes they do. It might all look right, but key parts are missing, or incorrect and there was no way to tell until a thorough read through was done. Something they arent going to be foolish enough to do here. Asharas hand clasps his tightly and he can feel the makeshift splint on her fingers. He adds that to another reason to hate the Resistance. Slowly they continue to back away. For a moment Mitaka believes that theyll actually be able to escape. That he can take her back to the old unnamed Star Destroyer and beg Hux and Ren both, on his knees if he has to, to keep her safe. They keep backing up. Almost to the door. The ship hes used to get to Dantooine is not far, only a few blocks from here. They can make it! You didnt think wed actually let you leave with her did you Lieutenant? The old Resistance leader looks up at them. Mitaka feels a blaster press against his back. You promised me her freedom, Mitaka spat. We had a deal! And she will remain here, on Dantooine, under our watch. So long as you continue to report to us about the Generals plans, she will be unharmed and live comfortably, the older man smirks. If we just let you leave with her then we have no way of ensuring that you keep your end of the bargain? I gave you my word! Ive done everything youve asked! Your word means nothing, certainly youve figured this out by now? Or are all your Academy graduates this stupid? Mitaka slowly lets go of Asharas hand. There are ten Resistance members, counting the old man and the one holding the blaster to his back. He isnt nearly as good a shot as the General is but theyre close enough to the door, there is a chance. Run! He shouts, slamming his elbow back into the Resistance fighter behind him and grabbing the gun, twisting the other mans arm, forcing him to be between him and the other Resistance fighters and using him as a human shield as his fiance flees. The other Resistance members rush forward and Mitaka shoves the other man into them, pulling out his blaster and blindingly firing at them. He doesnt stick around to see if any of his shots hit. Hes running, catching up to the fleeing Togruta and grabbing her hand. This way! He pulls her down a side street. Shes gasping for breath behind him as they flee and behind them is the sound of blasters being fired. The shots are wild and miss them as they turn down another alley. Mitaka has memorized the layout of the place, he knows what route will take them back to his ship. They turn down another alley and then the stock of a blaster slams into Mitakas face as they round the corner. He collapses, the world a wash of black and red. He hears Ashara screaming and someone is pulling her away from him. Ripping them apart. With a grunt he tries to stand up, only to get kicked in the stomach and fall back to the ground. Someone is grabbing him by the collar of his shirt and punching him in the face, over and over. Mitaka feels his lip break open and one of his eyes wells up with tears as it is struck. Hes tossed back to the ground where he collapses, blood pouring from his mouth, hes bitten his tongue open. Ill break her whole hand for that little outburst, the old mans voice is in his ear and someone yanks his head up by his hair. No, dont touch her! Mitaka struggles against the Resistance fighter that is restraining him. He can see the other Resistance members restraining Ashara, dragging her over to the old man. She is struggling and screaming, crying out in Togruti, cursing the Resistance members. Mitaka tries to break free, but he is outnumbered and overpowered. He cant stop them, cant save her. They break the rest of her fingers in that alley way. And then the old man crushes her hand under his boots. No amount of struggling, screaming or begging from him or his fiance makes it stop. Only once Asharas hand is a shattered mess of shattered bones do they release Mitaka. He crawls to her, pulling her into his arms as she sobs. I told you not to try anything Lieutenant, the old man says. Mitaka glares at him, wishing him dead. Oh please, dont look at me like that. You know perfectly well that the First Order has done things far, far worse to gain information. And now youre going to go back there, like the dog you are and you are going to continue giving us information on Huxs plans and movements. Do we have an understanding, Lieutenant? I hope you rot, Mitaka spat at the older man. The reaper will come for us all one day. But it will come much quicker for your fianc if you dont cooperate, the old man snaps his fingers and Ashara is wrenched from his arms. Mitaka moves to stand, to fight with every last bit of him if it will save his fiance, but someone strikes him across the back of the head and the world goes dark as he crumples to the ground. He regains consciousness a few hours later, his body aching from the beating and head throbbing. Slowly he pushes himself up so hes sitting, not sure if he is capable of standing yet. Beside him lies a hologram message. He activates it and a small image of the old man appears. Dont bother looking for her. She is alive and you should be grateful for that. Report to us when Hux moves again. If your information is valuable enough perhaps we will let you see her once more. But try a stunt like that again, try to do anything to double cross us, and we will kill her. Im done with niceties Lieutenant. Return to your ship, and remember this lesson. The next time I wont be so generous. The hologram cuts out and Mitaka swears, slamming his fist into the ground. Then, he doubles over and begins to sob. --- Hux was good at keeping track of dates. Of minding timelines. It had been one month. One month since Mitaka had successfully led his first skirmish against Ren. Hux didnt think that hed ever seen the Knight so surprised as he was when he realized that the smaller man was holding a blaster to his head. It had been a daring attack, one that was particularly reckless, even by Rens standards. And Mitaka had pulled it off. Grudgingly the Knight had conceded the match to Mitaka, deactivating his lightsaber and offering his hands up in surrender. There was a rather pleased smirk on Rens face as he did however. Well done, Lieutenant. Mitaka had practically glowed from the praise that Ren gave, Hux noted. The Lieutenant had indeed come a long way and somehow gravitated towards the man he had been most afraid of. Perhaps it was simple survival reflex, to be on the good side of the strongest, most dangerous person aboard the Star Destroyer. Hux didnt ask. --- It had been three months. Three months since Hux had submitted his proposition to revise the acquisition of Stormtroopers. Since he had stood alone before the Supreme Leader and the heads of the First Order again and defended his new plan against their precious traditions. Against their protests of appearing charitable. It is an honor to serve the First Order, that should be enough. You have to make people believe that they need the Order, Hux met the gaze of the heads, each in turn. If they believe that they need us, just as the Old Republic believed that they needed the Empire, then we will find ourselves in a far more favorable position. We simply give them a reason that we are more appealing than the Republic that cares not for their suffering. It had taken hours, almost as long as his Chelloa report had taken. In the end it had been sent to a vote. It was not lost on Hux that the Commandant had voted against him, the other man glaring at him through the hologram. Not that it mattered. Nine to seven, in favor. Hux had been shaking when he had left the meeting. The shaking hadnt stopped. That night, in his office, Hux had knelt before Ren. Please, Kylo Help me. I told you not to wait this long! The Knight admonished. His voice was disappointed, hurt and worst of all worried. I didnt want you to get like this! I  Im sorry. Please Kylo!  Hux had bowed his head, struggling to breath, to hold back the waves of instability that threatened to overwhelm him. Shh, it's all right, the Knight had stroked a gentle hand over Huxs bent back. Breathe for me, he guided Hux. Just breathe. The air in the room grew colder with Rens concentration as he pulled energy from the Dark Side of Force, gathering it. Molding it. The collar closes around Huxs throat and his thoughts go quiet. The General lets out a soft moan in relief. His mind is at peace. All that he needs to do is listen to Rens voice. To his commands. Hux raises wide eyes to the Knight, panting slightly and Ren strokes his hair back from his face. Good, good job, the Knight praises, Hux can hear the care, the love radiating from the Knights voice.. Be a good military dog tonight and I will give you your name. Hux slowly nods, hes trembling still, but that will soon pass. Kylo will take him apart and rebuild him, will give him a name again. Good. Now strip. Let me see how pretty my little bitch is. --- Six months. It had been six months since Hux had finalized the new tactical program. Since it had been distributed to the Stormtrooper training centers and the Academy alike. Since the troopers and officer on board the old Star Destroyer had started to relearn everything they knew. There had been some protests, but nothing that had not been easily silenced by simply showing its effectiveness. That Chelloa had been taken this way. That they could react quicker. That the implementation of this program would ensure that the First Order would not be a laughing stock as the Empire had become, for comically poor aim that had allowed Rebellion members to get away one too many times. It was not easy. Especially since Hux found it fitting to update the program constantly. If it became stagnant and simple it was no better than the Old Empires techniques. The First Order had to constantly evolve. There was not a day that the simulation rooms were not full of petty officers and troopers running through drills and studying the new tactics. For the first time in his life, Hux felt pride swell in his chest at the work hed done. At the change he had made. --- Nine months. It had been nine months since they had started training with Mitaka. Since the Third Lieutenant had received the platoon that he would work with for the remainder of his service under the First Order. The younger man had worked hard, had gained confidence. Hux was glad that Phasma had chosen him. Mitaka had been just the person they needed to strengthen their central group. Something had happened to the Lieutenant on Dantooine. Something had changed inside him. Perhaps seeing his fiance had been all that was needed to give the younger man the motivation and extra push hed needed. Since he had returned, something had been different. He had stopped stuttering and looked both Hux and Ren in the eyes more when he spoke. His words were deliberate and unflinching. It was not lost on Hux that Mitaka had come back bruised from Dantooine. As if hed gotten himself involved in a brawl. The Lieutenant had offered up no explanation and when Ren had asked him about it after their training one night, Hux had been surprised by the answer. With all due respect, Lord Ren, I do not wish to discuss it, Mitakas voice was quiet, yet firm as he had met Rens gaze. Ren had chuckled slightly once hed gotten over the initial shock of such an answer. You have gotten brave. As you will then. Mitaka had clearly been expecting to not be let off the hook so easily and stammered slightly. This had made Hux interested, clearly the Lieutenant was hiding something. Lieutenant? Hux had asked, looking up from the console. It-Its just a private matter! Mitaka said quickly, panicking. I ...I dont wish to involve my superiors in my embarrassing private affairs. Th-Thats all, he turned red and looked away. Hux and Ren had glanced at each other but not pressed the matter any further. Just make sure that these affairs of yours do not interfere with your work, Hux had told him. ---- One year. It had been one year since he and Ren had fallen back into each others arms. Since they had started to rebuild themselves and each other. Since their broken arrangement had been left behind and they had started over. Had tried for an actual relationship. One that involved such horrors as talking and communicating and doing more than sitting in silence and sometimes fucking. One year. A year full of both good days and bad days. Sometimes for Ren, and sometimes for himself, if the General was to be completely honest. A year where theyd almost become domesticated in their interactions behind the door to Huxs quarters. Where Hux had learned that Kylos favorite color was red and that he was fond of silk. The texture is something that the Knight has always loved, almost to a point of a fetish. Hed had a few shirts made of the material growing up, but once hed been sent away to train it had all been coarse woven linen and itchy, thread bare burlap. Even now, the material was a luxury that the Knight could not obtain. Ren got no compensation from the First Order for his services and Snoke did not seem to pay the Knights in any way either. The Knight had very few things that were his own, it was a strange, almost piteous sort of poverty that he existed in, enforced upon him by his master. When Hux had given him the soft bundle, wrapped carefully in tissue paper, Rens face had gone white. What is this? He gave Hux an untrusting look. Open it and see. Ren had undone the string that held the paper and slowly opened it. Then he had gasped, a hand covering his mouth in shock. Feidhelm, this.. I cant- I got it for you, it's okay. I wanted you to have something you could call yours, Hux told him, wrapping an arm around the Knight and pressing a kiss to his temple. Ren had lifted the garment out of its packaging in awe. It was a set of robes just like the ones he always wore, except these were in red Dramassian shimmersilk. Feidhelm it's beautiful. Try it on, Hux murmured. I think I got the measurements right. When did you get my measurements? Ren gave him a look as he started to strip off his normal, frayed black robes. Well you leave your clothes scattered about in my quarters all the time, it wasnt hard, Hux grinned at him, watching as the Knight carefully pulled on the new robes. By the Maker you look beautiful. Hux murmured. The dark red material clung to Rens body, moving and flowing with his motions like water, unlike the stiff, coarse material that made up his standard robes. It made his skin look even paler than it was, and made his dark eyes and hair stand out. Hux licked his lips and swallowed heavily at the breathtaking display before him. Ren was staring wordlessly at him, shaking slightly. His hands kept running over the material, his eyes wide and wet with emotion. Feidhelm  Yes, a rnsearc ? Then Kylo is in his arms, kissing Hux for all he is worth and Hux learns that night just how much Ren loves sensation play. How he shudders at the teases to his senses and how quickly he can be overwhelmed if care is not taken. So Hux is careful and gentle and whispers to his lover how beautiful he is. Kylo in turn had learned that Hux actually hated whiskey, having drunk it only because his father made him. When pressed, Hux had finally admitted to liking wine, like his mother had. He had told Kylo how his mother would let him have a small glass of it during the summer festivals. Then one night, a week later, the Knight had surprised Hux with a bottle of Rydonnian spicewine. They had sat in the empty atrium sipping at it and watching the stars swirl around them. Hux had talked about his mother, about the festivals on his home planet, and how warm the sun had been on his skin and how freckled he had been when he was younger. The flower crowns though, he had said as he sipped from his glass, resting comfortably against the Knights broad chest. Those were works of art. Flower crowns? Yes. There were old women in the village who competed every spring to make the most elaborate crowns. You would buy them and give them to the one you fancied. Some of them were quite pricey, but the flowers werent just some daisy you picked in a field, Hux waved a hand. There were really rare ones, ones that only grew in our fields. Anyone could wear the crowns? Ren had asked. Yes  Hux was quiet for a moment. When my father came to visit once, my mother sent me away to stay with one of the elders. I stayed there for a week, I was so frightened that I wouldnt leave the room she was letting me stay in. What finally got me out was her promising to show my how to make the crowns, that I might give one to my mother when I returned home. Did she like it? She never got it, Hux admitted. My father found out where I was being hidden. He stormed into the elders house and I ran, I hid under my bed. He found me of course, called me all sorts of awful things, tore the crown up, crushed it under his boots. Hux took a look sip of wine and Rens arms slipped around him. It's okay my love, the Knight whispered, holding the General closely. Do not let him take this time from us. Here, if you were to make me a crown, describe it to me. How would it look? What would you do to make it? So Hux told him, and they drank the wine, holding each other tightly. A whole year of small moments like that. Of disagreements. Of complete fuck ups, when they both realized that they were human and so fallible. When they have had to swallow their pride and apologize and look for the other to have the grace that they do not. A year without any more battles. No conquests. A year to catch their breath as the First Order itself restructures and changes around them. As the funds start to come in from their conquering of Nilash and Chelloa. The Starkiller project starts to move forward again. Their technology starts to advance. And Hux knows that their precious moments will soon come to an end. That they will be driven back into battle soon enough. That Snoke will soon have his eyes on his Apprentice again. That is perhaps the thing Hux fears most. He realizes that he may have to make a decision. He may have to make a choice. One that could well affect the fate of the Galaxy. He could plan and plot and scheme, but he needs insight greater than his own. And he cannot turn to Kylo Ren for it. ---- Lieutenant, Hux holds Mitaka back after a training session. A word. Once they are alone he turns to the other man. I require your assistance with something. What sir? Mitaka straightens slightly. You have kept your piloting certification updated, have you not? Yes sir. Good. Then I will be entrusting this mission to you. No one can know of this, it is highly confidential. No one, not even Lord Ren can know. Is that understood? Yes Sir. But what are we doing? We are going to Jhas. --- ---****--- The hologram springs to life. For a year now Mitaka has been feeding the Resistance misinformation or at least as little factual information as he can. For nine months he has been telling them of Huxs movements, or lack thereof, and they have been satisfied, believing that the information on the datapad that he had given them is legitimate. For nine months he has hoped that it has been enough to save his fiance's life. For nine months he has focused himself, intent on becoming more than a cowering body behind a console. He wants to be a force for change in the Galaxy. He wants to use the opportunity given to him by his General to wipe the Resistance from the Galaxy, to save his fiance and perhaps even redeem himself for the betrayal his hand has been forced into. He remembers ,every day, his conversation with Kylo Ren: If I ever found myself in a position such you describe Lieutenant, I would bring the stars themselves down upon my enemies and destroy any and all who would threaten the thing I hold dear. Lieutenant Mitaka, I was just thinking about you. The older man looks displeased, already this is not going well. Mitaka doesnt falter. He may not have Force abilities or a massive army at his command but he will not falter. Im almost flattered, Ematt, he has learned the old mans name. Learned that he had served in the Rebellion as a Lieutenant himself. He hates the Empire and all remnants of it just as much as Mitaka hates the Republic and their unacknowledged attack dog the Resistance. Mitaka has learned much in these past nine months. He wasnt top of his class for nothing. Or is it Major now? I see theyve promoted you. What would General Organa say if she knew you were torturing innocents for information? Anyone who supports the First Order is far from innocent, Lieutenant. And what General Organa doesnt know doesnt hurt her. All that matters is that we get the information. That is what my division is tasked with, she neatly turns a blind eye to my methods. But speaking of my methods. I fear we must talk about that datapad you gave us all those months ago. Oh really? Mitaka swallows heavily, his hands clenching into fists. Hoping against hope Did you really think we were that stupid? That we wouldnt realize that youdve corrupted the data? Ematt stares at him unblinking. I dont know what youre talking about. What I gave you is exactly what was given to me, Mitaka meets the old mans gaze. Let me make this simple for you, Ematt reaches out of the holos frame and drags Ashara into it. The Togruta is bound and gagged but her screams and weeping can be heard quite clearly through the holo. Then the Resistance Major pulls his blaster and presses it to her temple and she screams fighting against him. Two other Resistance soldiers move to restrain her and force her to her knees as Ematt stands behind her, his blaster at the back of her head now. You wouldnt dare! Mitakas teeth clench. I warned you not to betray us. I gave you chance after chance and you pissed on it. So now Lieutenant, Im going to shoot the girl- We had a deal! Mitaka rages. And you betrayed us, so now you pay the price- No! Wait! Why should I? So I can hear more of your lies? Hux will be alone! You can take him out! Mitaka realizes with growing horror what has just left his lips. He has truly betrayed the Order now. Will he? Tell me more, Ematt keeps the blaster at Asharas head. He Hes going to Jhas, some sort of secret mission. No one knows about it except me and him. Whats on Jhas that the General of the First Order would care about? I dont know! He just needs me to pilot the ship! Please! Mitaka falls to his knees. He is weak, pathetic after all. And now a traitor. Hux was wrong to place his trust in him. He has failed the Order, failed his General. Please, just dont hurt her anymore. Ematt considers this and finally after several long minutes. If you are lying to us, I will kill her. The corridor goes dark as the holo fades from view. --- Why are we going to Jhas sir? Mitaka asked as the small ship started the jump to hyperspace. If this mission is meant to be secret why are we not attempting to hide who we are? Hux was silent for several seconds before answering him. I believe we have a powerful ally on one of Jhas moons, Lieutenant. We are going as we are, because this is a being who I believe will not tolerate deceit. She would see through any disguise or falsehood. If we are to succeed we must be forthcoming. She? Mitaka looked nervous. Do not worry, you will not have to meet her. Just stay with the ship, keep it ready to leave if something goes wrong, Hux tried to reassure him. The Lieutenant seemed more anxious than usual, but that could certainly be attributed to what they were doing. And the fact that hed told the other man nothing about their mission. You think something will go wrong? I certainly hope it wont. But you can never tell with Force-users. Sir? Mitaka turned pale. We are looking for a very powerful Force-user. I will need you to be diligence, understood? But-but we have Lord Ren! Theres no one stronge- Ah, ah ah, Hux held up a finger to silence Mitakas protests. You forget who trained Lord Ren and I would caution you against such bold statements, lest someone misinterpret them. I apologize sir, but the Supreme Leader already backs the Order, who else is there that could possibly be of use? The younger man was confused and Hux smirked. You didnt think that Lord Ren only had one teacher, did you? --- Of Jhas twenty four moons, half of them could support life. Among those, only three had been colonized with any sort of success. Jhas Krill was the one they visited second. The heat was sweltering and oppressive, reminding Hux of of Nilash and making his stomach twist into knots. Hed not been entirely truthful with Mitaka about why they were here. Hux needed insight. He needed answers. And while it was folly to put stock in soothsaying, if his efforts were to come to fruition, if his plan was to work, he would need help. Or at least some reassurance that both he and Ren would not end up dead at the end of this. Their time of unanimity would soon draw to a close. They would be at war again. There would be deaths and cruelty. There would be sleepless nights and there would be battles. And if they were incredibly unlucky Hux would have to consider what was more important to him: the Order or Kylo Ren. He hoped he never had to make that choice. There was one choice, however, that he was unafraid to make. One choice he had made long ago. He would kill Snoke. He would send that withered monster back down to the depths of whatever hell pit he had crawled out of. If he was to do that, to make such a bold attempt he would need allies. Ren was still too terrified of Snoke and Phasma, while strong in her Force-Resistance, was only one woman. Then there was the matter of the power vacuum that such an act would leave in the First Order. Hux could easily step into power there, could take control of it all, just like his father had always wanted. He with Ren by his side would be unstoppable. They could bring order back to the Galaxy, they could right so many wrongs. Restore proper peace, and put an end to the corruption that worked its way through the Senate without fail, like a plague. And they could possibly die in their efforts or They could run. They could run, flee anywhere in the Galaxy and leave behind the heartbreak of war, the corruption of politics. They could say to hell with the Resistance and First Order both and live out their days in peace. Perhaps Hux could even go home . Back to that little village hed grown up in and take Ren with him. Like some sort of childs storybook ending. And Hux was uncertain. More so than he had even been in his life. If it was just himself, perhaps the course would have been more obvious. But this involved Ren as well. Hux could not be careless. He followed the crude path carved through the jungle. Sweat soaked the back of his uniform and dripped down his face. How anyone or anything could survive here was beyond him. The air was heavy with humidity and every breath felt like it was a struggle to take. He might as well have been trying to breathe underwater. Hux walked for nearly five miles, about ready to give up on finding who he had come for when the jungle suddenly fell away to reveal a small hut. It was a modest dwelling, meant for only one, constructed out of the very jungle around it. Outside some sort of animal had been slaughtered and its skin was stretched on a rack that was propped over a smoking fire to cure it. There was however, no sign of the huts owner. Cautiously Hux moved towards it. He didnt actually know what he was looking for, however if this fabled Nightsister was anything like Ren had described her, then she would make herself known in due time. Hello? He called out as he drew nearer to the hut. It was then that he noticed that the jungle had gone silent around him. Jungles were never silent. There was always the call and cry of animals and Jhas Krill had been no different. But now the silence threatened to crush Hux where he stood. Hello? He tried again, feeling foolish. Im looking for Lady Shelish. I was told that might find her here. The hairs on the back of his neck started to rise and he glanced around him. And what, a female voice murmured in his ear. Would General Hux of the First Order want with me? Hux slowly turned around, careful to keep his hands at his side, to appear nonthreatening. The Nightsister stood before him. She was impossibly tall, trumping even Ren by at least six inches, her body thin and muscled, her skin was a whitish gray and her yellow eyes glared at him. She had short cropped black hair that had jets of white in it, betraying her age. In her hands was a black whip, loosely coiled, but ready to be snapped into action at a moments notice. My Lady, Hux inclined his head slightly. Spare me your formalities General. Well if you know who I am, then you can certainly divine why I am here. That was apparently the wrong thing to say as the whip jumped forwards in a black blur and wrapped around Huxs neck, jerking him to his knees. I have no affiliation with your Order, nor any love for the Republic, so if you are seeking information I suggest you do so elsewhere. Before you exhaust my good graces, she snarled, jerking on the whip and tightening its hold on Huxs neck. Not here- Hux choked out. -For Information- he wheezed. Then why? She jerked the whip again. Hux gagged, gasping for air. Need- your help- And what help could I possibly offer the likes of you? K-Kylo Ren- The whip loosened its hold on his neck and fell away, recalled by its mistress. Hux fell to his hands and knees sucking in lungfuls of air. He heard the Nightsister approaching him and then she lifted him up by the collar of his uniform. Hux struggled against her as his feet left the ground and she dangled him in the air. Consider your next words very carefully, General, Shelish warned him. What of my student? Hes alive! Hux blurted the first thing that came to his mind. The Nightsister dropped him and took a step back from him. No. No that is not possible. I felt his life force go out. I felt Snoke crush it! Hux was rubbing his neck as he picked himself up from the ground. I assure you, he is not. The boy who was once Ben Solo, and became Kylo Ren, is very much alive. Thats why I need your help. To make sure he stays that way. Shelish stared at him warily. Why do you care? Son of Brendol Hux? What is your gain from this? Hux stared at her, confused by the gaps in her knowledge. But that was a question for later, if he survived this. In favor of full disclosure Hux cut to the heart of the matter. Because I love him. Because the First Order will go to war with the Resistance and the Republic soon and I will have to make a series of choices. Choices that could kill us or save us. She regards him, tilting her head. You are the one, she murmurs. The one who tames his tempest and who in turn allows him to collar you, arent you? The one who is broken yet balances him. Hux nods. Please help me, he feels his throat tighten as the words leave his lips. I want to save him from Snoke. I dont care what I have to do to achieve that end. If I have to burn planets or abandon the Order I will. But I cannot do it alone. And I would beg of you, he drops to his knees in a gesture of humility. He will give up everything if he has to. Suddenly he sees it all with stunning clarity. He would do anything to save his lover. If you ever cared about him as your pupil, please help me. The Nightsister stands stock still for a long time. Come inside with me. She motions for him to follow her. Hux scrambles to his feet and does as she instructs him. Once inside she gestures for him to sit on one of the many cushions she has on the floor. In the center of the hut there is a firepit with glowing embers in it, above which a pot hangs from a chain. In one corner there is a bed, at the foot of it is a chest. Shelish is currently rummaging through it. Finally she finds what she is looking for and comes to join Hux. She seats herself in front of him, so close that their knees almost touch. Listen to me and listen well, we do not have much time, her voice is urgent. You cannot defeat Snoke, not now and not as you are. Not you, nor I, not even Luke Skywalker himself can defeat Snoke- But there has to be a way! There has to be something we can do! Hux protests. Even if we all united together, we would be unable to end him. The time is not right. Kylo is not strong enough, you are not strong enough. So what do we do? You survive, Shelish waves a hand and pulls tendrils of mist around them, shrouding them in the physical presence of the Dark Side of the Force. You make the choices that will keep you both alive. If you wish to defeat Snoke then you especially, Hux, must stay alive. You are the one who will give him strength enough to rise above Vader. To give him the ability to kill his Master. But you just said- I said you are not ready yet! Open your ears boy! Im not a child, dont speak to me as if I am! You are barely twenty three standard years! I am nearly four times that, I have seen two Galactic Wars before you were even a glint in your fathers eyes! You are a child in the eyes of the Galaxy herself! Now listen! Shelish growls at him, her hand snapped forward to grab Hux by the chin and force his face up so their eyes made contact. I am no prophet. I am no seer. Just as Ren does, my visions are at the mercy of the Force, I cannot control what it shows me and barely have a say in when it decides to seize my mind. But I do know this, she let Huxs face go. The time is not right and neither of you are ready. If you strike now you will be killed. There are trials to face and miles to go yet on your journey. You will face horrors and dangers as will he. Every choice you make from here forward will shape that final end game. It is still in motion, an unformed and incomplete painting, influenced by every. Single. Choice. Your time of peace has passed General. And not all the players in this game are yet present. All the players? What do you mean? Hux felt his heart sinking. There was nothing to do but wait. Wait and hope that they both survived this war. That they could both recognize themselves when it was over. Shelish pressed something into his hand. This is a Kyber crystal, General. Put in extremely simple terms, it is what powers lightsabers. But Ren has a lightsaber already. Hux held the green stone up to examine it. What would he need another for? You make the mistake of assuming it is for him. But if not him, then who? Hux looks at her, confused. I wish I could tell you General. But I do know that she will need it. She? Who? Tell me! Hux grabbed her arm. No more games! Tell me! Shelish gives him what can only by a look of sympathy. It is not time for you to know, but you will. The moment you lay eyes on her, you will know beyond a doubt. The Nightsisters eyes close for a moment and then they reopen, wide with fear. You must leave this place! They are coming! Who? Hux s brow furrows as he pockets the crystal. The Resistance. --- Hux was certain that hed never run so fast in his life. The Nightsister easily outpaced him, despite her age and soon vanished from sight. Mitaka! Hux panted into his comm. Stand by to leave. I dont think youll be going anywhere, General Hux, an older voice answered him. Hux swore. Someone on the other moon must have been loyal to the Resistance and reported them! Hux burst through the jungle and directly into the sight of twenty blasters aimed at his chest. Beyond the Resistance soldiers Hux could see Mitaka kneeling on the ground, face bruised and bloody, his hands bound behind his back. Hux made to reach for his blaster. Oh I wouldnt do that General. We need you alive. Your boy though, well we dont need him, an old man stepped forward. A major, one of the old fighters from the Rebellion. His face bore the marks of war, the exhaustion and dark circles under his eyes. He was a man who was tired and had been turned cruel by the fighting. He was dangerous. You dont touch him! Slowly Hux raised his hands, frantically trying to figure out a way to escape. Ah, so the great General has a soft spot for his Lieutenant after all, how charming. Well then, I suggest you come along then, the Major smirked. The Resistance soldiers closed in on Hux and then a shrilled howl echoed through the jungle around them. The soldiers looked around uncertainly, nervous as it was growing darker now too. Lots of creatures in the jungle Major, Hux grinned. So the Nightsister had not abandoned them to their own devices. Perhaps she was more invested in this unsteady future than even she was willing to admit. Dont play games with me, or I will shoot you both where you stand, the old man snaps, but he looks concerned all the same. Secure him, now! He orders the soldiers, who move towards Hux and then something black snaps in front of them and there is only an electric crackle left in its wake and three dead soldiers. Hux glances at Mitaka, catching his eye. The Lieutenant nods and slowly moves to stand, backing away from the Resistance fighters, their attention locked entirely on Hux. The Resistance Major is raging, stomping forward only to find himself lost in a cloud of black mist. We must move quickly General, Shelish is suddenly next to Hux as the soldiers flail about in the mist. Keep your blaster ready. She uncoils the Force whip from her hand. We must move through them. And it would do us well to kill as many as we can. Understood, did you have a direction in mind? Hux drew his blaster. Straight through, just shoot and make it to your ship. I will deal with the stragglers. You could come with us you know, Hux slipped the safety off his blaster. Hmm, perhaps I will. Now move, General! Hux charges forward into the mist, firing as quickly as his blaster will allow him. He hears cries of pain and the sound of his enemy falling around him as he runs. There is the sound of electricity and Shelishs whip crackling in the air. Someone grabs Huxs shoulder and he turns, twisting the hand and firing into the soldiers chest. The black mist is fading and Hux bolts for the shuttle, looking back to quickly fire as he runs up the gangplank. General! Mitaka is already inside, but his hands are still bound. Hold still, Hux shoots at the restraints and they fall away. Quickly now, get us in the air! Leave the gangplank down as long as you can! The Lieutenant doesnt hesitate and scrambles into the pilot's seat, flipping controls and activating flight sequences. Did you get what you came for? Mitaka called back to him as Hux fires shots out the door of the shuttle as it lifts off the ground. Well know soon enough! Hux calls back to him. His eyes scan the area. The mist is gone and the Resistance fighters are dead or dying on the ground. The Major who led them is nowhere to be seen. Neither is the Nightsister. Damn it, Hux swears under his breath. Then the shuttle jolts and Hux almost tumbles out the door. He catches himself and looks down. Shelish is clinging to the bottom of the gangplank. Mitaka keep her steady! Hux calls to the Lieutenant and he reaches down, offering his hand to the Nightsister. She reaches up and grabs it. Hux pulls her up into the cabin of the ship with a grunt of effort and they both collapse on the floor of the ship. Ive got her! Lets go! Get us out of this system! Hux pants over the roar of wind as he slams his hand into the button that shuts the door of the ship. It was then that he saw that Shelish was bleeding from a wound on her side. Shit! Hux ran to the cockpit. First aid kit! In the back, top right cabinet! Mitaka yelled to him as he frantically dialed in coordinates to make the jump to hyperspace. Hux grabbed the kit and knelt next to the bleeding Nightsister. Hold still, he told her. Haha, you would help me? Her voice sounded disconnected. General! Mitakas voice came from the cockpit. I think were in trouble! Evade it then! Hux shouted back at him before looking back at the woman bleeding to death before him. Sorry, he told her before taking her shirt and ripping it open to get access to the wound. Then the world flipped upside down and the General and Nightsister ended up in a confused and bloody heap. Sorry! Mitaka yelled from the cockpit. We cant just to hyperspace yet! And they brought X-Wings! Just get us out of this alive! Im trying! Dont try, do! Hux shouted at Mitaka. Hurry up! He grabbed a handful of the gauze pad bandages that had gone flying about when Mitaka had flipped them. Tearing them open, Hux pressed them against Shelishs wound. She hissed in pain as he pulled the cap off a needle and pressed it into her skin, flooding the site of the injury with painkiller and antibiotics. They slide sideways again as Mitaka dodged fire from the X-Wings. Hux grabbed a roll of medical tape and hastily started to wrap it around the stack of gauze pads that he had pressed against Shelishs wound. Making the jump to hyperspace now! Mitaka called back to them. Hang on! And with that the small shuttle blinked out of the Hoth system. --- Hux was nowhere to be found. He had, in fact, been missing for five days. Officially the word was that he had been called away on urgent business, to meet in person with the heads of the Order. He had also taken Mitaka with him and no one else. That was what tipped the Knight off that this was not simply a business matter. No amount of meditation allowed him any insight. The Force was silent to him, unlike it had ever been, unwilling to give up its secrets, its knowledge. Ren was certain that he was not being blocked, for he could feel the ebb and flow of the Darkness all around him, he was not cut off from the Force. But rather it was as if Huxs very existence had been plucked out of the Galaxy itself. As if something was hiding the General from his vision. Even Mitaka, whos own life force was a highly unique mix of anxiety and determination, something recognizable anywhere, seemed to have vanished. There was nothing. No clues. Even Phasma could not console him and Rens mood grew darker and more fearsome as the days dragged by. Worry consumed him. Worry turned to anger, to rage, that Hux had not confided in him, had not trusted him enough to at least tell him that he was leaving, regardless of the reason why. What had he been hiding? What could he not have told Ren? The Knight tried to go over all their conversations in the days before Hux had vanished. Trying to glean some clue, something that he had missed. That he had failed to pick up on. But Hux is clever with his words, he always has been. Mitaka on the other hand. The Lieutenant had been unfocused again, a bundle of nerves that Ren was surprised didnt shatter at the slightest touch, the day before Hux had vanished. The Lieutenants fear gave him away. It was a gesture of trust that had keep Ren from peering into his mind. A motion of respect that he had not invaded the smaller mans privacy. But Mitaka had known . There was something else, the more he focused, meditating on the memories and interactions, giving attention to them that he had not in the past nine months, the more evident it became. Bits and pieces of this new puzzle moved into focus. The Togruta girl, Mitakas strange questions of him, his bruises upon returning from Dantooine  they were the most prominent clues, yet Ren could not piece them together. Mitaka was one of the more loyal petty officers in the First Order, he came from an old and proud family of Imperial supporters. There was nothing in his file that would suggest anything else. While easily intimidated and frightened, the other man was loyal if nothing else, almost to a fault. He would certainly never betray the Order  Never betray Hux, who he practically hero worshiped. Would he? For what was certainly not the first time, Ren considered that perhaps he was being paranoid. Perhaps he was looking for a fire when there was only a cigarette. Phasma and Hux were good judges of character, able to read people well, where Ren struggled and got his information through means of the Force. He did not want to think that both Phasma and Hux were wrong, that they had both made a mistake, one that might cost the Order dearly. One that Ren did not want to even consider. He changed his focus. Not searching for Hux or Mitaka, but rather the wildcard. The Togruta girl, Ashara. Ren took a slow, deep breath in and let it out, opening himself entirely to the Force, drawing in into him and allowing it to expand his senses and mind. It was difficult to do, only knowing the girls name and what she looked like. He had no bead on her life force, no sense of her spirit, but he did have Mitaka to go off of. Ren stretched his hands out before him, as if he might grasp the Galaxy itself in his palms. His fingers twitched, sifting through the raw energies of the Galaxy, searching for the girl. Sweat beaded his brow and his body strained with effort to contain the power that was threatening to both freeze and burn him at the same time. Ashara, he whispered the girls name aloud, his throat working as he swallows heavily. Tell me where you are little one. Where are you, the being most precious to Mitaka? His words filter out into the Force, moving like flying fish through a stream. Fast and quick, they race and Ren feels the coldness of the Dark Side speeding them along. He feeds his energies into their search, bolstering their strength. Find the girl and he finds out the secret. He finds out the truth. Ashara he murmurs again, his eyes roll back to display their whites and his head tilts back. The lights of the room he is in flicker, the items on the shelves rattle and frost grabs at the moisture in the air, creating a fine crust of ice all over everything. Kylo Ren reaches further into the Darkness, drawing from that endless well of matter that is not matter, that exists and doesnt at the same time. The Force that makes up everything and nothing all at once. There is no start, no end, it is all a perfect cycle, Darkness chasing Light. Ren snatches the spark of Light that trembles within his chest and sends it coursing through the Darkness. The Light bleeds color into the Darkness, leaving a haze of stars streaming in its wake. Exposing all that the Dark would hide. Further, Ren stretches his search. Deeper he probes. The Galaxy itself seems to groan and creak. The Force lifts the Knight off the ground, suspending him in the air. His legs dangling beneath his body as his back curves into an almost inhuman arch and his hands move to his sides, hovering in the air, slightly bent at the elbows. Then Kylo Ren ceases to breathe. --- Ashara The whisper of her name makes her lift her head. She is chained to a wall by her ankles, her wrists are bound behind her back. Her dress is torn, filthy, as is she. She is cold. Hungry. And in much pain. Pain like she has never known. Her captors have gagged her, a result being on the receiving end of her pointed teeth one too many times. But she is strong. She is from an old Imperial house. She is the last of her familys bloodline. She will not break, she will not give in to their torture. But this voice. This is new. This is frightening. Where are you little one? The disembodied voice asks her as the temperature in her cell plummets. Who would hold you captive? Show me their faces. She swallows heavily and closes her eyes. In her mind she envisions her captors. The damnable men and women of the Resistance. Show me what they did , the voice tells her. Ashara sniffles slightly, goosebumps rising on her flesh. She is afraid, so afraid of this voice. This being she cannot see, that may be the Maker itself for all she knows. Do not be afraid. Show me, the voice is deep though, gentle, she feels a prodding at her mind. Like a dog pawing at a door to be allowed inside. The Togruta drops her defenses and opens her mind. She lets the voice inside her head. She shows the voice the face of Caluan Ematt and how he uses her to extract information. How he broke her hand before Mitakas eyes as her fiance struggles to get to her, as he begs for them to stop. Suddenly her body is airborne, and it twists in the power of the unseen being. It is not painful however, it is much like being cradled in an embrace. Ashara leans into it, trusting in this dark force. Had not the stories of old spoken of Dark Force users aiding the Empire? This was an ally and while she might be afraid of Caluan Ematt, she was not afraid of the dark. She shows the being her family being murdered before her eyes. The Resistance soldiers lining them up and shooting their heads like as if they were nothing more than beasts. Three generations of her family wiped out in a single night. She is only spared because of her link to Mitaka, because she can be useful. Then she shows the being the rage of the Resistance Major when he discovers that Mitaka has given them false information. The beating had nearly killed her. Ematt threatens her before Mitaka again, this time with a blaster at her skull, her betrothed finally caves. After a whole year he caves in and blurts out a single truth. Then their connection is broken and Ashara falls back to the floor of her cell with a pained cry. --- Rens eyes snap open and he sucks in a deep breath. All around him glass shatters, electronics smoke and the Star Destroyer itself trembles as he collapses to the floor of his quarters. His muscles ache and his entire body shakes as sweat pours from him and belatedly he realizes there is a siren wailing somewhere, and then the overhead sprinkler in his quarters goes off in response to the smoke, soaking the Knight through his robes. Then he raises his head and his eyes widen, pupil consuming his irises. His senses are still hyper aware from the depth of his connection to the Force, and he knows that they have returned. The ship has just landed. And there is something great and powerful on it. Hux is alive, relief floods the Knight. Mitaka, is bruised, but alive, and Ren does not know how he feels about that, but he will deal with it later. His main concern is this darkness that they have brought back with them. When he reaches out to it through the Force it snaps at his presence like a live wire. Ren stands, grabbing his helmet from its spot on a table, ignoring that hes soaking wet and puts it on and then he leaves his quarters, heading for the landing bay and the shuttle has just set itself down in. --- It is late, for that he supposes he should be thankful. The First Order keeps a 24 hour standard day, even in space. Only a few techs and cleaners work the graveyard shift now that they are not actively in conquest. Ren throws his Force energy outwards as he enters the hanger. An unseen display of dominance that is almost feral and he directs it at this unseen darkness that is too close to Hux. He is mine. If you dare to touch him' Ren lets the warning hang in the air. He stands before the shuttle now, drawing his lightsaber and bracing himself as the gangplank descends and the door to the shuttle opens. Then Kylo Ren is knocked backwards, his wet boots skidding across the metal floor of the hanger as he is Force pushed away. The darkness contained within the shuttle makes itself known and the lights flicker and go out as the hanger plunges into blackness. Ren snarls, and charges forward. He doesnt need light to see, he is not blinded like common soldiers might be. The Force is his guide. He is one with the Darkness, his rage is the embodiment of the cold, biting ice storm. He side steps an attack and lunges, saber swinging as he twists his body to avoid incoming blows. The blows snap at him again and again and each one he blocks sends a crackle of electricity through his body, threatening to short out his already unstable lightsaber. He gathers the Force around him and pushes sending it hurtling outwards from his body in all directions as he releases it. TIE-Fighters groan from where they are tethered from the force of the energy and Ren senses the being. He whirls on his heel bringing his saber down to strike a fatal blow and a knee connects with his gut. Ren staggers, the air knocked out of him and there is a crackling hiss in the air, the only warning he has before the whip wraps around the hand that clutches his lightsaber and jerks him forward. He grabs the whip with his other hand and pulls back as hard as he can, hoping to gain enough slack in it to free himself. The whip sags and he pulls his hand free from it and leaps forward again, bringing his both his lightsaber and the Force to his attack, intent on crushing his opponent out of existence. Are impulsive as ever, my pupil, a voice echoes behind him in the darkness. Ren pulls his attack midway and scrambles to a stop. He holds the Force power, barely contained within his grasp, and turns, trying to find the source of the voice. Suddenly the darkness is gone. The lights come back on in the hanger, and the black mist that had been surrounding them lifts. Mist? Ren frowns behind his mask. Only one being in the Galaxy was known for that trick. But he does not dare to hope Yet she stands before him. She has more white in her hair now then she did previously, but her yellow eyes are as bright as ever, crafty and clever. Wise with knowledge of the Force. The last of the Nightsisters. Emotion overwhelms Ren and for a long moment he cannot speak. Cannot form any sort of words, he doesnt even know what he should feel at the moment. He is caught somewhere between joy, despair and confusion. It has been a long time Kylo, Shelish inclines her head to him. And all these years I thought you dead. I am relieved to see that for once my visions were wrong. Or purposefully manipulated perhaps, by your Master? She tilts her head, a smile slowly spreading across her face. It matters not I suppose, now that I see you in the flesh. Perhaps a bit livelier now than you were all those years ago? In better spirits, yes? Although I am not fond of the mask, you are of the Knights of Ren now, arent you? Ren deactivates his lightsaber, hanging it at his belt and moves towards her. He stops when he is within arms reach of her and slowly removes his mask and then drops down on one knee before her. Teacher, he murmurs, unable to hide the reverent emotion that makes his voice quake. His mind races with confusion and he senses Hux and Mitaka watching them but he pays them no mind. You know I am not fond of such displays, Kylo, Shelish murmurs, leaning down and stroking his head lightly. I am not your Master, rise up so that I might speak to you as an equal. Slowly Ren does as she tells him, realizing that hes shaking slightly as he does. Then he sees the hastily constructed bandages on her side. What happened? His brow furrows in concern. We encountered the Resistance. Unfortunately, Jhas Krill is no longer a safe place for me to reside, neither I fear is this ship. It would be unwise for me to tarry, Snoke will sense my presence. He sees the small flicker of worry in her eyes, hears the words that she does not speak. It is too dangerous. I am a spanner in the works. I must become lost to stories of lore again. Already I have been in the light too long. At least let us tend to your wound, he pleads with her. You cant travel, not wounded as you are! You need rest! Supplies! Kylo, she touches his arm lightly and then sighs. Fine. Just until the wound heals, not a moment longer. You cannot protect me, not from Snoke. I am amazed that he did not order you to kill me. There is someone you should meet, you will like her, Ren clasps Shelishs arm. Protect, probably not. But hide? Yes. We have a unique resource aboard, a dear friend I trust very much. Ah, I am glad to see that you are flourishing my pupil, Shelish smiles, dark tendrils of Force energy manifesting themselves and wrapping around their clasped arms. I hope she is more trustworthy than your terrified friend back there We will speak more later, Phasma I trust with my life. he assures his former teacher. Mitaka! Ren doesnt glance at the Lieutenant, lest he lose control of himself. No, he will speak to the Lieutenant later, he will chose the right time and place, there are too many other things to worry about now. Escort Lady Shelish to the medical bay. She is our guest, she is my guest, ensure that she is treated as such. Yes Lord Ren, Mitaka amazingly doesnt stammer and gestures for Shelish to follow him. This way please, maam. Ren watches them leave the hanger and then slowly turns to Hux. What. The. Hell? He whispers, careful to keep his voice low. But that does little to hide the upset that he is feeling. You could have been killed! The Resistance? Hux takes a step towards him, glancing around quickly to be sure that the hanger is empty, and it is, before he speaks. I do not know how the Resistance got wind of my location, I suspect that we must have been spotted on one of Jhas other moons before we found her. Thats not what my concern is! Ren snaps. What are you planning that it required you to go and drag her out of hiding? I needed answers, Hux sighed looking away from Ren. Answers? About what? And why not tell me? Why not take me with you to go find her? Ren closed the space between them, a hand shooting out to grip Huxs shoulder tightly. It was as much contact as he dared in such an open place as the hanger. But he had to touch Hux, to reassure himself that his lover was indeed all right. You could have been captured! Killed! Not here, too many eyes and ears, Hux was shaking his head. Come, he lowers his voice. My quarters. Ren follows Hux back and once the door slides shut behind them he pulls Hux into a crushing hug that makes the General let out an undignified squeak as the air is squeezed from his lungs. Dont ever do that to me again! Ren cant stop his voice from wobbling. Dont ever just vanish, just leave ! I couldnt sense you! I couldnt find you! He had been frightened . Through all his rage at his lovers unexplained absence, at the heart of it he had been terrified that something awful had happened to Hux. That Hux had been snatched away from him and Ren would never be able to get him back. Kylo, Huxs hands are stroking his hair, his back. The General is trying to calm him down, to ease his anxiety. The Knight realizes that hes breathing too hard and too fast. Slowly he loosens his grip on his lover and hides his face in the crook of Huxs neck. Ren just focuses on breathing in his lovers scent, on reaffirming to himself that Hux is here , that Hux is safe . Kylo, Im sorry, Hux whispers into his hair. Ren can feel the General shaking slightly in their embrace. Im sorry. What was so important that you had to leave me behind? Kylo whimpers. He sounds pathetic, so unlike the man who is the Master of the Knights of Ren. But he doesnt care. It is just him and Hux, he can be weak here behind closed doors. He can worry about his lover. Hux continues to rub his back and finally presses a kiss against his head. I needed answers, guidance, the General finally says. I needed to know that the choices I am going to make are going to be the right ones. He slowly starts to pull away from Ren and the Knight whimpers, his hold around Hux tightening. It feels like hes been stabbed in the heart. Why couldnt you ask me? I thought you trusted me? Hux is quiet again. And Ren pulls away from him, raising his face to look at his lover. TELL ME! He shouts, shaking Hux slightly. You VANISHED! For five days! Not so much as a word! You were gone! GONE! Tears are falling down his face, but Ren doesnt care. He thought he had lost Hux. That he was alone again in the crushing vastness of the Galaxy. Abandoned once again. Hux who had promised to never let him go, never to leave him behind and run off on some soothsaying quest with Mitaka of all people! Ren sank to his knees, his hands clutching Huxs arms, his head pressed against the Generals stomach, tears soaking his uniform. Please, he whispers. Please tell me. He doesnt know what he quite expected. Perhaps for Hux to pull away, to scorn him. He has been waiting, waiting for the past year for the other boot to drop. For it to all come crashing down. Hux has promised him, again and again that it wont. That theyre in this together. Yet in the back of Rens mind, despite all their whispered promises of love and all the words about trusting each other, Ren has long since suspected that it would fall apart again. This is it. This has to be it. That awful feeling of finality ceases him and he cant stop the sobs that start to come from him. Then Hux does the unexpected. The last thing that Ren thought he might do. Hux drops to his knees with Ren, cupping the Knights face in his hand and raises it, pressing their foreheads together. The gesture is remarkably intimate, and it startles Ren so badly his sobs turn into hiccups as he stares into Huxs eyes. Hux who has been his entire world, who has given as good, if not better than he has gotten. Hux whose eyes are so green and always so full of life . Because I am planning on committing treason, Kylo, Huxs voice is a hoarse whisper and for the second time that day Kylo Ren stops breathing. What? Rens hands grip Huxs face. What? I am going to commit treason and I had to know that my decision was the right one! Huxs words come in a rush. Theyre both breathing too fast now, both losing control. But-but the Order is your whole life! I thought it was! Huxs lips are trembling and too close to Rens own. The Generals hands stroke Rens face, brushing his tears away. I thought it was But then you came along, and I realized that if given a choice between the Order and you, Hux licks his lips, swallowing heavily. That I would chose you. Every. Single. Time. Hux leans forward then and kisses him. Rens eyes go wide and then he leans into the gesture, tilting his head and deepening it, his entire body shaking now. Hux breaks the kiss and Ren whimpers, clutching the General tightly. What did you need a Nightsister for, if you knew the answer? Kylo gasps, he pulls Hux back into another kiss. Why? Why go to her? Hux kisses him again, it is slower this time. Not as desperate and afraid as their first. I needed to know, Hux whispered in his ear, arms sliding back around Ren to hold him tightly. That when the time comes that I could save you. That there is hope , however distant. Ren slowly slid down to sit back on his heels, his hands resting on Huxs chest. His throat tightened and then he felt the spark of Light in his chest jump and then brighten. It was so bright and warm that it was almost painful. A small moan left him. Hope? How long had it been since he had known hope? Since he had felt  warmth from within himself. The General was reaching into his pocket and pulling something out, offering his hand to Ren. Slowly Ren takes his hand. Without hope, there is no future. Not for the Order, not for the Resistance, not for us, he presses something small and warm into Rens palm. Kylo opened his hand and looked at the object. It was a small, green Kyber crystal, Ren looked at Hux, confused. How did you come by this? Your teacher gave it to me, Hux tells him, his hands going to cradle Rens larger ones. Shelish spoke of another. Of a girl, that we would know her when the time was right An ally, Kylo! Huxs voice takes on that fervent tone that Ren has heard so many times when he addresses the troops and officers. When he speaks of crushing the Republic and the glory that the First Order will bring as it restores the ways of the Empire. It is impassioned and bold and speaks of dreams that are far above even Huxs station. An... ally? Rens head feels like it it is spinning and he holds the crystal close to his chest. We can survive Kylo, Hux is clasping his face again, his voice an excited whisper. His eyes are too bright, so full of life and light that Ren is terrified that they will both burn up right there on the floor of Huxs quarters. We can survive this war! We can destroy Snoke! Use the Orders power to reshape the Galaxy! Or we can... Kylo we can leave it all behind! we can be free! Free? Ren can barely whisper the word. Can barely understand what it means. He used to know. Its meaning is something that flits at the corners of his mind. He cannot grasp it, it evades him. Kylo, Hux is shaking, his voice cracking now, on the edge of tears. You would never have to feel Snoke in your mind again! Never be tortured by him again! Hux Feidhelm, the magnitude of his lovers words is almost too much. He can taste Huxs passion, his belief in his words. It is a struggle for Ren to breathe. Kylo, Hux leans forward and presses a gentle kiss to Rens forehead, pressing his cheek against the Knights. I love you, will you stand by my side? Will you survive with me? So that one day we might be free? Kylo looks at the crystal that he is clasping tightly in his hand. His Force meditations had not shown him any future that contained a girl. Or another. They always ended at that pivotal moment, where they chose to run or to rise up and fight. Whatever Shelish had seen, whatever she had told or shown Hux, the General believed it. The question was, did Ren himself believe it? Feidhelm I love you, Kylo whispers in Huxs ear. It has been one year And I will stand at your side for many more. He kisses Huxs ear and then down his jaw until their lips meet, and the General moans quietly. Lead me to freedom, my General. ----- So you are the one. Phasma looked up from the notes she was reading. She had been completely released from the medical bay the week prior. It had taken months of long and painful physical therapy for her to regain her strength. For her to be able to walk upright, without the aid of a cane. Even longer for her to be able to sleep through the night without searing pain jolting her awake. The head medics had told her she would never walk again. That she was lucky to even be able to breathe on her own. That she should consider an honorable discharge and retire somewhere quiet or perhaps move to the training facility where they processed new Stormtroopers. After all, she had helped the General spearhead the new training program, her expertise in the area would be quite useful. Something, anything, away from the rigors of active duty. The Captain, however, had no interest in doing anything of the sort. Her place was with her General and her Knight, in the heat of battle. She had told the medics she had no intentions of shrinking from her duties or retiring and that she would do whatever was necessary to regain her physical abilities. Kylo, who had been present for this conversation, had not responded to the doctors recommendation nearly as eloquently. He had almost thrown one of the medics out an airlock. And it had only been Phasmas hand on his arm that had saved the medics life. Her back still bothered her though, her leg still ached. A deep set pain in her very bones, as if the marrow was being lit on fire. She would have those pains for the rest of her life, no amount of nerve therapy would make them go away permanently. And Phasma was loath to depend on painkillers, the most effective ones dulled the senses and could produce some very vivid hallucinations. So now, in the dim light of her room, she was at least certain that the too tall, too pale woman that was leaning against her dresser was not a trick of some drug. Phasma shut her book and set it aside. And who might you be? How did you get into my quarters? She asked, her voice calm, keeping her hands loosely in her lap. There was a blaster tucked under her mattress. She could reach for it, but not yet. Caution was required with this intruder, for she had slipped into Phasmas own quarters without the Captain noticing it. I simply let myself in. It is not difficult, the woman tilted her head, yellow eyes scrutinizing the Captain. How did you come to be on this ship? Phasma asked, her own eyes narrowing. Why, I was invited, there was laughter in the womans voice and the space around her seemed to warp as darkness swirled around her. He spoke quite highly of you, Captain Phasma. Kylo, Phasma feels her heart skip a beat. This is no ordinary being and the Captains first reflex is to defend the Knight. Her hand twitches, itching to reach for the blaster. The strange woman before her nods. Yes, Kylo. Do not worry, he is unharmed, the woman waves a hand as if it will dismiss Phasmas unspoken fears. But I am curious about you Captain. She moves then, faster than Phasma can blink and is leaning over the Captain, long limbs trapping her in her chair. Phasma feels fear go through her as she stares into those yellow eyes. Why should I tell you anything ? She hissed at this woman through gritted teeth. She does not trust this being. The other woman clicks her tongue. How strange, the frightened boy would believe that you have laid with Ren and yet the General claims to love your dear Knight and Ren himself would defend you from hellfire at the cost of his own life. What are you, my dear Captain? A cool finger presses against Phasmas temple. What makes you so precious to him? Then Phasma realizes what gives this creature her power. It is the Force. It is a more potent, more raw and unrefined form then what Kylo uses, but it is all the same. Darkness. Coldness. The woman presses into her mind and Phasma snaps her head forward, bashing her forehead into the creatures face. At the same time she brings her shielding forward, sending it rushing at the intruder light a tidal wave of white noise and scrambling for her blaster as the woman is knocked back by the blow. Phasma, slides the safety off her blaster and focuses, encasing the woman in a shield of Force nullifying energy. The woman is laughing as Phasma approaches her. Slowly she starts to clap. How remarkable, she laughs, applauding the Captain. How truly remarkable. Ah, I did not seen you in my visions, but I am not disappointed. Well done. What. The hell? Phasma growls at her. Who are you!? I am his teacher of course. Im not stupid. Kylos Master is Supreme Leader Snoke. I said teacher, not master, the other woman inclines her head slightly, a amused look still on her face. I am Shelish, last of the Nightsisters of Dathomir. Your General sought me out. The Nightsisters arent real, Phasma said, keeping her weapon trained on the other woman. Theyre a legend used to scare children. Some say the same thing of the Force and yet you know that it is real, Shelish tilted her head, her expression becoming almost kindly. I did not come here to fight you Captain. The Resistance forced my hand, attacked your General and I as we spoke. As a result I am here. So why are you in my quarters? Phasma slowly lowered her gun. I wanted to meet the woman that he is so fond of, Shelish crossed her legs, sitting with her back straight as if she planned to meditate right then and there. It is not often that we discover that those we thought were once lost are in fact, alive. Why are you telling me this? Call it .. a lingering maternal instinct. I have a daughter, she is not strong in the Force as I am, but she does well enough for herself as an assassin. So imagine for a moment, Captain, the privilege of being able to train one like Kylo Ren. One who is so strong in the Force, whose connection to the Dark Side is as reflexive as breathing, Shelish frowns. And then Captain, imagine the rage that you might feel when you discover the damage that has been done to such a gifted child. Damage? Phasma lets the shield drop. You know of what I speak. You wont say the words out loud, but you know. It sits uncomfortably at the edge of your mind, some days more prominently than others. If you think on it too long your vision goes red- Stop it! Phasma jerks away, bringing the shield up, around herself this time in an effort to keep the witch out of her thoughts. You know that the one you would call your Supreme Leader is a monster, just as I do. Just as your General does, Shelishs voice is quiet. Why are you telling me this? Because war is coming young one and when it does, you will have to chose a side. The monster that feeds and clothes you or the boy you would call brother. Are you suggesting I defect to the Resistance? Phasma almost laughs. Surely the witch is not so foolish? The First Order is all she has known since she was a young girl. It has saved her life, given her purpose. By the Maker, no, the Nightsister shakes her head. They are little better than your Order. Then what is the purpose of this conversation? Phasma crosses her arms, uncertain of how much she trusts this woman. He has chosen you, Shelish unfolds her limbs and stands with far more grace than anyone that tall had any business being. The General may soothe his storms but you, the Nightsister moves, circling Phasma as she speaks. You are his confidant. His handler, if you will. If he is going to survive, he will need both of you by his side. So why dont you help him if he is so dear to you? Phasma puts a hand on her hip. What of that maternal instinct? I am a relic of a time forgotten. A spectre. My line will die out and the Nightsisters will be lost to the whispers and shadows of legend. My people have been slaughtered, I have seen two Galactic wars, have nearly lost my daughter to them. I am old and I am tired and I have no desire to fight in any more battles, the Nightsisters shoulders slump and her illusion fades away. She uses the Force as if it were magic , Phasma realizes as she sees the woman for what she truly is. Her body is covered in scars, worse than any Phasma has ever seen. One of which cuts across her face, rendering her right eye clouded and blind. Her hair is shock white, she is missing the center two fingers of her left hand and her breathing is labored. Phasma puts a hand to her mouth, to try and hide her shock. War ages you, young one. Changes you in ways that you did not know possible. Twists what you are and turns you into something hideous. So much so that you cannot recognize your own face, your own soul. So when the time comes for you to make that fateful choice. And that time will come, have no doubt of that young one. Perhaps tomorrow, or next week, perhaps it will be years before the moment reveals itself. But when it does, the illusion falls back into place and Shelish is once again a whole woman, seemingly unaged by her long decades. Be sure you know which side you are on. For it will affect everything . --- Ren was staring at the ceiling. Hux was curled beside him, his pale body twisted and twined possessively against the Knights. The Generals breathing was slow and easy and Ren turned, pressing a kiss to his forehead. His lovers skin had tasted like stale sweat and salt, a result of trudging through the jungle of Jhas Krill and the long trip back from the Hoth sector on a shuttle that was ill suited for such a journey. Huxs uniform had smelled like dirt and blaster fire when Ren had pulled it off of him, kissing him fiercely, eager to claim his lover after their treasonous whispers of hope and freedom. Things theyd told each other completely sober. So different from the last time theyd talked of such things. When they could barely manage a conversation beyond a few words. Now they lay, entwined together in a post coiltal peace and there is nothing more soothing than the sound of Huxs breathing, the beating of his heart. They will have to shower later, Ren will have to confront Mitaka, but later. He glances at the Kyber crystal that sits on the nightstand and wonders what the future holds. You will know her when you see her, Shelishs voice startles Ren from his thoughts and he sits up in the bed. His teacher has made herself comfortable in Huxs desk chair and is smiling slightly. Do not worry about her now. You have plenty of things to keep you occupied. She gestured at Hux and Ren frowned. You never did respect locked doors, he pulls the sheet up to cover Hux. He knows his lover will not wake. Had sensed the magick that the Nightsister had cast to ensure that the General did not hear their conversation. Why should I? Locked doors are like locked minds, seldom good signs. Ren makes a noncommittal noise. So what is so pressing you had to come here, now? Oh you know why. The frightened boy, Shelishs smile vanishes. You know what he is? I  have discovered it. You let it go on for far too long. Had your General not been in my company he would be in the hands of the Resistance now. Being tortured for information no doubt. I  I know, Ren feels a pang of guilt, the Nightsister is not wrong. He has been too trusting, too lax. You should have realized this sooner. There were so many signs! Shelish admonishes him. She studies him, reaching out through the Force to touch him. Ren does not stop her. Tst! She makes a noise of disapproval at what she finds. Compassion? For one who has betrayed you? Betrayed your lover? Your cause? The Order is no cause of mine, Ren waves a hand dismissively. I care as little for politics as you do, you know that. Yet you slaughter the Resistance fighters without a second though. Unless you come upon your mother and then you beg her to flee...  Shelish taps her fingers together in thought. Your compassion will get you killed my pupil. You showed me compassion once, did you not? Ren looks at her, his brow furrowing and in that instant they are back at the beginning. Before he was Kylo Ren, when he had still had remnants of Ben inside himself and could barely handle the name Kylo. Still a child, not yet filled out and grown into a mans body, with limbs too long, ears too big and eyes too wide. When he had been ungainly, uncoordinated and sloppy in his Force abilities. Before hed gained any semblance of control. It had been his first time away from Snoke, approximately a year after he had begun his training under the ancient being. The Nightsisters clarity had frightened him, to have her lay out the simple truth of his relationship with his Master in short clipped phrases. That first night he had cried himself to sleep as he curled up under the dense jungle brush, careful to keep away from Shelishs hut. Afraid of what his new teacher would subject him to. For all his bold words during their initial interview, Kylo had been terrified. It was on the third night that she came to him. The wind had been blowing, making the trees sway and groan. Come inside, young one, she had told him, her lantern swinging about in the wind as fat raindrops started to fall from the sky. There is a storm coming. He had settled himself at the far end of the hut, closest to the door. Ren had been unable to stop shaking, even as the Nightsister had handed him a steaming bowl of broth to drink. He had been unable to hold it, his hands made clumsy by fear and he had accidentally upended the bowl. Shelish had turned back to him and he had shrank away dissolving into tears and apologies. She had not struck him. Instead she knelt next to where he cowered and drew him to her. He had fought against her. Oh, how he had fought! Kicking and screaming and pleading, begging for her not to do what his Master had so many times before. Shh, young one, the Nightsister had murmured to him as she had held him and rocked him against her. Shhh, easy now. I am not your Master. I will not harm you. It had taken a week before he had courage enough to sit next to her by the fire. A month before he would allow her to brush his unruly hair and bind it back and out of his face. Two months before he could accept her touch during their training without flinching. By the time Snoke had summoned him to return, eight months later, the fearsome Nightsister had almost become a mother to him. Ren had been so starved for maternal attention since his parents had sent him away that he bonded to her like an ill-weaned pup. Shelish, though, did not seem to mind giving gentle affection to the young Force-user, using it to motivate him and reward him as his abilities grew stronger and and more refined. Kylo had blossomed under her tutelage, her acceptance of his connection to the Dark Side. The Nightsister understood him and did not shame him for his abilities or look upon him in fear. He had wept bitterly when Snoke had recalled him. You could stay, Shelish had offered him, hugging him against her and stroking his hair. Stay and be my pupil. You do not have to return to him. I cant! He will hurt everyone! Kylo had sobbed. Kill them! Kill me! Kill you! Theres no where I can hide! I wish I was dead! No young one. No, she told him, kneeling so she looked up at him. You fight! You survive! There are such great things in store for you! My supernova, through the darkness you shall burn brighter than anyone ever imagined. Now it is years later and they are both older. Ren thinks that he might see regret in his teachers face as she smiles slightly at him. I suppose I did once show you compassion, Kylo. You were like a son to me. It is not regret he realizes, but sadness. A great sadness, deep inside his teacher. And youve become a fine young man. I know you will rise above all of this. I I will miss you Kylo. I know, he feels his voice cracking slightly. Things never happened by coincidence, there was always a reason for them. Kylo knows now why she is here. He knows that this is goodbye. But do you have to go? Shelish stands and makes her way over to the bed where he sits. Her long, thin arms wrap around him, hugging him against her. It is time for my story to end. But yours, yours is just beginning, my supernova, she presses a kiss to the top of his head. Be wise, be brave and never lose your compassion, young one. I thought you said that it would kill me? Ren looks up at her. Kill you or save you, perhaps they are one in the same. It would depend on who you ask. Be well Kylo Ren. Her embrace is tight and he doesnt want to let her go. Doesnt want her to leave. But in the next breath she is gone and Kylo Ren is alone with Hux in the Generals quarters. He knows there will be no record of the last Nightsister aboard the ship. Memories of the medics will be wiped and her presence undetected by cameras as she had moved about cloaked in the Force. Ren looks at the green Kyber crystal that sits on the nightstand. Her last gift to him. Hope. --- It took her a week to find the citadel. Snoke had hidden his fortress fairly well, but even so, the older beings vanity gave him away in an instant. One would think that he would reside in a grotesque hall, half rotting and littered with corpses. But no, Snokes sanctum was a towering structure of white and black marble. Beautiful, but cold. Devoid of life. It was like a pit into the abyss, sucking everything out of all those who came near in. Devouring joy, happiness, and hope just as readily as it did hatred, pain and anger. Snoke was not the master of the Dark Side that some might think he was. The Dark Side of the Force was just another tool he used to manipulate those around him. No, Snoke was something far, far worse. Shelish knelt at the arching gate of the citadel, gazing up at the structure. He was inside, he knew she was here. He did not know why however, could not begin to comprehend why. For this great beast, this monster in the night who would see the Galaxy itself burned to the ground was incapable of understanding the greatest powers of all. Snoke sought only to devour, like a starved titan. Always hungry, never satisfied of his greed, his lust. He would consume the Galaxy itself if they allowed him. This citadel however was no mere residence. It was a training ground, an academy for the ancient beings terrible plan. It would begin soon, and as it did she could only hope that her pupil was ready. In the dirt next to the gate she dug a shallow hole. She removed an item from the satchel she carried her supplies in. An ancient relic that had been closely guarded for generations, that had danced between Sith, Jedi and Nightsister through their complicated and tumulous history. The Nightsister pressed a kiss to the item, whispered an incantation and then placed it in the hole, covering it back up with dirt. It would sleep, sleep until the time was right. Until it was needed again. She stood, pressing a hand to the wound at her side. It ached a bit, but that was all right. She didnt have far to go. Her goal was completed, anything else now was merely a bonus. Shelish then strode through the gates, moving with the deadly grace that her people were known for. She felt the Darkness flowing around her, the Force strengthening her and crackling at her fingertips. Through the marble doors she walked, feeling the citadel opening its maws around her like a great beast. She did not stop. Did not hesitate. Shelish reached out again through the Force, weaving it tightly around her like an aura of armor and raised her chin defiantly as she gestured towards the doors that lead to the throne room. Where she knew the monster himself would be. The heavy marble doors burst open and the wizened and scarred face of Snoke looks up at her. He is meditating atop his throne, she can sense the thoughts, the plots and plans to conquer and destroy. To take and take and take until he has drained every last drop of life from the Galaxy. Ah, Nightsister, he smiles at her, but Shelish is not fooled. It is no smile, but the look of predation. She has seen that look on the face of many a man and woman who would seek to do what Snoke is doing. No one has had the power to do so until now. Do not speak to me as though we are friends, her whip materializes in her hands. Are we not united by a common cause? Do we not desire the same thing? Snoke gestures grandly and the throne room transforms before them. Shelish is surrounded by her kin, her old lovers, her daughter and all the sisters of her clan. All long dead. All but distant memories. She glances down at her hand and sees that his illusion has made her body appear whole. No, her single word is laced with magicks and the illusion falls away. Snoke frowns and rises. Hes only a head or two taller than she is, nothing like the holograms he uses to intimidate his pawns. I share no dreams with a wrinkled old monster like you. Ah, that is a pity. You could have so many fruitful years left to live. You are young for your species. Think of all you could see, he tries to seduce her with promises. But Shelish knows better than to believe that. Snoke is a creature that will manipulate you, making promises of honey covered fruit and feeding you only razors. If he cannot manipulate you into getting what he wants he will threaten what you hold most dear. And when that fails, he will kill you. I have seen more than enough of this Galaxy and all its horror and wonders to last me long into the afterlife. I could teach you- Shelish bursts into cold laughter. You would presume to teach me ? I know all about what you teach , she spits at his feet. I want nothing to do with you. You know why I am here, and it is not for an alliance, nor power. She lets her whip uncoil. Well then, Nightsister, Snoke reaches his hand out, the Force warping and twisting the air around his fingertips. Then you shall die. She launches herself at him, summoning her magick. Their Force powers clash and they are repelled from each other. Shelish twists and her feet land on the wall and she launches herself forward him again. Snoke is moving, he is slower than she is, age and corruption weigh him down. But he is strong, a single blow from him will stop her heart, she must be careful. He is hurtling the Force at her, trying to snatch her. But she evades him. Her whip is snapping, striking at him and the ground around him. The marble crackles beneath his feet and he snarls, throwing a massive wave of Force energy at her. The wave is too large for her to avoid, so she punches her way through it, with her own burst of Dark energy. The effort required to do so makes her head spin and she falters, the wound on her side sending a bolt of pain through her. Snoke is on her then, catching her limbs and binding them with the Force. With a snarl she calls the dark mists to her and her body vanishes as Snoke moves to strike her. She reappears behind him, bringing her whip down on his back, it crackles with electricity and ice and the ancient being howls in pain. She strikes him again as he whirls on her. He staggers back and she Force pushes him backwards, sending him flying back against a wall. The Nightsister presses her attack. She knows better than to give him the chance to recover. She summons a crushing darkness that makes the citadel shaking and tremble. Just a bit more... Snoke groans, picking himself up and lunges at her, calling forth all the terrible corrupted Force power that he controlled to bear. She jumps back to evade him but his power is too strong and he encircles her with it, his hand closes on her throat. You thought that you could defeat me with your petty magicks? The ancient being snarls as she struggles against him. You thought you could defeat five centuries of darkness with what? Some misguided feelings . Pathetic. Oh, I dont need to defeat you, I just need to make you bleed, Shelish grins up at him and brings the butt of her whip down against his misshapen face. Snoke staggers and she Force pushes him again. And again. Then raises her whip and with a great cry brings it forward with a crack that sends a shockwave through the entire building and pushes Snoke back into the wall with such force that his body leaves a shallow impression in the marble where he lands. Shelish and Snoke stare at each other, panting for breath, the air thick with Force energy. They are at an impasse. She is strong and she is unafraid of him, unafraid of death. For there is nothing he can take from her. Shelish raises one hand, holding it before her and then snaps her fingers. The Force energy she has summoned shakes the citadel again, going off like a bomb. There is a groaning sound and then the ceiling above them gives way as the entire structure collapses. --- The Nightsister slowly pulls herself out of the wreckage of the citadel. She is bruised, bloody and her whip arm is broken, she had managed to shield herself at the last moment from the crushing tons of rock that fell upon them. Almost too late. But if a broken arm was the price of achieving her goal, then it was a small one to pay. The marble house of terror has been brought down. It will slow Snokes plan. It will buy them time She stands with a groan and slowly starts to walk away from the pile of marble. From the place that so many unspeakable things have happened. Her every breath is a struggle to take. But she puts one foot in front of the other. Just like she taught Kylo to do all those years ago: When it hurts the most, that is when you must keep going. One foot in front of the other. Then pain floods her chest and her vision goes white. Shelish blinks in surprise and then looks down at her chest. Snokes clawed hand has burst through her from behind, ripping through bones, muscle and sinew to impale her on his arm all the way up to his elbow. She laughs softly in surprise and then cries out as he pulls his limb from her. The Nightsister collapses, blood pooling from the massive wound in her chest. She coughs once, Snoke is looming over her, turning away. She is already dead, she was dead from the moment she arrived on this planet. The Force swirls around her, wrapping her tightly in its comforting darkness and she is unafraid. Shelish takes in one final breath and life fades from her body, blood bubbling at her lips. Kylo ---- Hux had been in the middle of speaking when it happened. Phasma had joined them this evening, finally cleared by the medics to resume her battlefield training. In favor of getting the Captain back up to speed, Hux had opted to have just himself, Ren, Phasma and Mitaka present as he explained how their newest tactics would work. It was an almost casual setting, they were all in workout sweats and their conversation was relaxed and open and they discussed the new plans. Ren and Phasma had been standing close together, almost touching, Mitaka noticed as Hux had spoken. If the Captain had not been nearby, if it had been just Hux and himself, Mitaka was a little afraid of what could have happened. Ren suddenly doubled over, a hand going to clutch his chest. His face going white, eyes wide as a strangled noise came from him. Hux had frozen and stopped talking, staring at the Knight. Phasma however, had moved reflexively, her hands going to Rens shoulders. Ren! Kylo, Kylo, what is it? No, the Knight whispered and for the first time Mitaka could ever remember, Kylo Ren looked afraid. No. No. No! Please no! Mitakas eyes went wide as the scene unfolded before him. He was frozen in place, unable to move, his heart racing. What could possibly terrify Kylo Ren? What was going on? Kylo! Phasma was shaking him slightly and he pulled away from her, staggering as he did, his arms going to wrap around his torso. Kylo, Phasma took a small step towards him. I wouldnt do that Captain, Hux told her warningly, he was moving now. Clearly intent on keeping the Captain away from the Knight as Ren was looking more and more unbalanced as the seconds passed. I dont need you in the medical bay for a year agai- SHES DEAD! Ren suddenly burst out. Both General and Captain froze, neither of them moving. Mitaka looked between the two of them, trying to understand what had happened. Then he looked back at the Knight. Ren was gasping for breath, falling to his knees, wailing . The ground beneath where the Knight was kneeling cracked, starting to sink beneath him. Phasma, Mitaka, Huxs voice was a low whisper. Back away from him. Slowly. A sudden blast of Force energy left the Knight, knocking all three of them backwards and off their feet and Ren was screaming . Mitaka didnt think hed ever heard a sound so agonized in his entire life. It was a different sort of pain from what Ashara made when the Resistance tortured her. This was the sound of someones heart aching inconsolably. Where Ren was kneeling there was now a small crater in the floor with the Knight at the center of it. He had turned his hands on himself, clawing at his arms until he drew blood as he screamed. Phasma was up and moving, running to him, there was no fear in her eyes, Mitaka noted. She slid down the crater and knelt in front of the Knight pulling his hands off himself. Halting his self-destruction. In that moment Mitaka was not sure if she was suicidal or brave, he wouldnt have gone into that crater with the crazed Knight even if you offered him a whole years commission. But still he has to admire Phasma, she is dedicated and she loves the Knight. That is the only way anyone would brave their own destruction to save another. She takes Rens hands and guides them, placing them on her own shoulders. Using herself to stabilize him. Then she wraps her arms around him and pulls him to her. Kylo, Im so sorry, she tells him as he buries his face in her shoulder, howling. Hux picks himself up and helps Mitaka to his feet as they approach the edge of the crater. Phasma makes a motion for them to leave and continues to whisper in Rens ear, trying to soothe him. Come with me, Mitaka, Hux motions for the Lieutenant to follow him, so Mitaka does. They walk down to the unused officers lounge in silence. What do you know about Force-users, Lieutenant? Hux asks him as the door shuts behind them. Not much, Sir. Only what Ive heard rumors of, there isnt much reading material on them, Mitaka admits. What what happened? Hux sighs, getting a bottle of water for himself and Mitaka. You remember the woman we brought back with us from Jhas Krill last week right? Yes, sir. I never got a chance to speak to her personally, but she knew Lord Ren quite well it seemed from their interaction in the hanger. She was his teacher when he was younger. Oh, Mitaka didnt know what to make of that and he gave Hux a confused look. Im afraid I dont understand sir? Force users, especially ones like Ren, tend to form incredibly powerful bonds to the people and creatures that have a profound impact on their lives, Hux told him with a sigh. Like teachers or lovers. Thats why Phasma is- Yes, Hux says quickly, perhaps too quickly. Why are you telling me this? Mitakas brow furrows. I dont understand, what happened to her then? Is she really? Hux is nodding. She has passed. I believe she left shortly after having her wounds tended to. She knew she was going to die and did not want Ren to see it. His connection to the Force tends to  make him feel things more intensely. He becomes overwhelmed. I I see. Is that what causes his outbursts? Mitaka asked quietly. Hux nods again and Mitaka sits down in one of the chairs in the lounge. He doesnt know what to do with the information he is being given, he doesnt know why hes being told this. It fills him with dread, and Mitaka feels like hes being lead into a trap. General, why are you telling me all this? Hux snorted. I thought it would be obvious. You two have managed to well work together, Ill be honest I had my concerns in the beginning. But you have grown in both your abilities and your confidence and Ren has apparently decided to start acting like an adult instead of an oversized child, Hux took a sip of his own water. His expression was oddly strained. But if you are to continue working with him, then you need to know that there are things that Kylo Ren does not easily reveal. Things that you only learn through experience or if youre lucky enough to have someone tell you. So consider this me doing you a favor, because there was no one to tell Phasma or I. I thank you sir, Mitaka says quietly. Will he be all right? Is it all right to leave the Captain alone with him? He wont hurt her will he? Oh that is the last thing hell do. I assure you. He really does love her, doesnt he? Mitaka asked quietly. Shes his entire world, isnt she? A muscle works in Huxs cheek for a second. Yes. Yes she is. He takes a long drink of water. He charged into the center of the battle to rescue her on Chelloa without a second thought. When I gave you the order to launch the orbital strike, he deflected it to protect her . There is something bitter in Huxs voice and Mitaka shivers slightly. Thank you for telling me this sir, he said quietly and then slowly reached out and touched one of Huxs hands. I appreciate your console. I will endeavor to use this information wisely. Im sure you will, Lieutenant, Hux looks at him. I think youre the closest thing to a friend that he has on this ship. Mitaka blinks. A friend? Ren considered him a friend? It makes the guilt in the Lieutenants stomach twist like a worm. It was bad enough he had almost gotten Hux killed last week, bad enough that hed caved in and completely betrayed the Order. And he hadnt even been able to save Ashara. He was a complete failure, he should just come clean. Just admit to all of it. He should have months ago, and now Ashara might be dead for all he knew! Lieutenant. Huxs voice broke through his thoughts. Sir? Youre holding my hand. Mitaka looked down at the table, seeing that his hand was clasping Huxs tightly and quickly let go of his superiors hand. Im sorry sir. I didnt realize He trails off at the expression on Huxs face. Hux is studying the hand that Mitaka had been holding, and then the General presses the fingers of his hand against his lips and sighs heavily. Sir? Are- are you all right? Mitaka asks quietly. I am fine Lieutenant, Hux straightens in his chair, his hand falling to his lap. Tell me, how is your fiance? Mitakas blood runs cold. He knows! Oh Maker he knows! Hes going to kill me right here and now! Is something wrong Mitaka? Hux asks him. The Generals voice is quiet and Mitaka realizes that Hux is not speaking to him as his commanding officer, but as a comrade and confidant. Are you in trouble? Mitaka stiffens slightly, heart racing. Hux doesnt know! The General has no idea! Which means that there is still a way out. There is still hope! He could confess. Confess it all right here and now. Could end this torment that hes been enduring for a year. Could be free of this searing guilt that is eating him alive. I I  Suddenly his comm beeps shrilly, the tone hed programmed it to for incoming holo calls. No one calls him, ever, except for I have to go, he stammers, hastily jumping to his feet. Please excuse me General! Dismissed, Hux waves him away and Mitaka hesitates, because in that moment the General looks as though hes adrift at sea, as if something is causing him terrible pain. But then his comm beeps again and Mitaka flees from the room. He runs down the corridor as fast as he can, heart in his throat. It is not easy to find dead zones on the old Star Destroyer, if the Empire had been one thing it was thorough in its surveillance. His comm beeps again. No, no no, Mitaka begs as he rounds a corner. Please dont hang up! Please dont hang up! This is his last chance he knows. If they havent killed her already that is. He finds a hallway that looks shielded enough and runs down it, fumbling with his comm as he does. The hologram springs to life as he reaches the end of the hall gasping and wheezing for breath. Mitakas legs are shaking and he thinks his heart will explode with anxiety as the image of Caluan Ematt stands before him. --- Huxs comm crackles to life, Phasmas voice coming through the other end. Sir? We have a problem. What do you mean? Hux straightens from where he is slouched in the chair. Kylos gone. Gone? What do you mean gone? Hux stands, panic flooding him. Oh please dont let Kylo Ren have gone and done something stupid. I mean one minute I was talking to him, and he seemed like he was calming down and then he was gone! Phasma sounds as worried as Hux feels. The General takes a deep breath and sets his jealousy aside. It's a Force trick, we wont find him if he doesnt want to be found, Hux tells her as he starts walking. Im coming back to the simulation room. Is Mitaka with you? No, he had to leave rather urgently. Do you think that   Phasma lets the question hang. I think we have to trust Ren, Hux forces himself to say, before silencing his comm. And hope that this spanner doesnt completely destroy our works. --- Mitaka is in trouble, Ren told Hux three days ago over breakfast. How so? Hux glanced at the Knight as he took a sip of his coffee. Ren did not answer immediately, but rather applied jam to his piece of toast with great care, as if he were creating a work of art. Finally he took a bite of it, chewed exactly three times and swallowed. His fiance has been taken captive by the Resistance. Ren took another bite of toast as Hux choked on his coffee. What? When- I do not know exactly, it is  difficult to have a grasp of the passage of time when looking at things through the Force. But I know that they have tortured her, that they have tried to use her as leverage to get information from him. I  I do not think this is a recent occurrence, he takes another bite of toast, chewing slowly. Huxs hands are shaking, gripping his coffee mug tightly as Ren speaks. And you are certain of this? I do not wish to falsely accuse him. We have invested so much- Shelish would not lie to me. Rens voice was stiff. His teacher had left only two days ago, taking a shuttle and vanishing into space after she had spoken to Ren. Her words confirmed my visions. So the Resistance finding us on Jhas Krill? No coincidence. Mitaka told them. He can sense Huxs rage, his pure unadulterated anger at the betrayal. In that moment Ren is glad that his lover is not a Force-user. He knew this would not be easy to tell Hux, that he would have to try and be tactful. But there was hardly a way to say that the person they had brought into their fold, that they had trusted, was betraying them. Feidhelm, you need to breathe, Ren reminded him, setting his toast down and taking the mug away from his lover and holding his slim hands tightly in his own. Im going to kill him, Hux whispers, and Ren can taste the redheads fury. It is hot and potent and will burn him blind if Ren does not calm him. Shh, no you arent, the Knight presses his head against Huxs and places a kiss on the silver scar that runs along his hairline. Trust is important to Hux, and the General had given it to Mitaka, had included him and even defended the younger man to Ren, soothing the Knights jealousy. Encouraging them to work together and patiently guiding the younger man over the past year. Ren knew there was no worse feeling for the General than to hear this news. Give me a reason why I should not? Hux swallows heavily, leaning against Ren. His muscles are tense and the Knight places a kiss on his shoulder. It is partially my fault, he tells the General. I too trusted him, I ignored my suspicions. I should have uncovered it sooner. I told you to trust him, Hux suddenly sounds agonized, all the possibilities of what could have gone very wrong are suddenly apparent to the General. Hux holds his head in his hands, fingers clutching at his hair, and Ren is worried he will rip the strands out by the roots. A thousand emotions anger, remorse, self-depreciation and worry flood the General and Ren puts a hand on his shoulder. You did nothing wrong, beloved. You tried , and you cannot blame yourself for the fault of every other man in the Galaxy. But Mitaka is one of my own. He is my responsibility! This is my fault! Oh Maker I gave him- Shh, shh, Ren soothes, climbing over the tray of breakfast between them so he sits behind Hux instead of across from him. I do not think that he has betrayed us whole heartedly. But he is desperate, and desperate people do awful things, especially for those they love. He tells the General as he pulled the redhead back into his arms. Hux just groans, shaking his head. We have to kill him. No. Ren tells his lover. I think there is another way. We need not kill him. Then what? Ren smiles bitterly, remembering his teachers last words to him: compassion will get you killed. We show him compassion. The Resistance has been cruel, and we must remind him of why he has clung to the Order. Remind him that he is one of us. Hux looks back at him. I do not like the idea of investing further in someone who has been so easily manipulated. We have no idea how much he has told the Resistance already. From what I could glean, not much, most of it misinformation, Ren could almost laugh. Here he was, defending Mitaka! Mitaka, for all his weakness and love of his fiance had almost gotten Hux killed. It was only the vision that the Knight had experienced, his connection hed managed to form with the Togruta girl that had convinced him not to simply cut the Lieutenant down where he stood when he and Hux had returned. His heart is not in his betrayal, his hand is being forced and he is too afraid to come to us. Before you ask why, consider the reaction you just had now. Had he been before you saying the words you would have had a blaster to his head. Hux is silent and then sighs with resignation and his body slumps back against Rens. You  are not wrong. He leans his head back, staring at the ceiling. So what do we do? How do we drag the truth from him? Very carefully. He has been in contact with the Resistance, but avoided detection by our own scanners and by me. I would have thought that I would have sensed his fear, given how loudly he broadcasts it. I suspect there are dead spaces on the ship that he has been hiding in for these meetings. I and believe that they will be in contact again, given that they failed to kill you, despite having the advantage on Jhas Krill. You have your teacher to thank for that, Hux smiled wanly. So we wait for him to be contacted again. Then what? Keep our training exclusively between us, him and Phasma. Create the environment of security that is needed. Feed him small, intimate bits of information. He also believes that Phasma and I are lovers, it would be good to let him continue to think so. Hux frowns and Ren feels his lovers jealousy flaring slightly. Very well then. The impact of Shelishs death however had not been anticipated in his plan. Had not been expected. It had gripped Ren so tightly that he thought his heart would burst. He knew it had been coming, but not realized that they had been on the cusp of the event horizon. That the strike would come so quickly. The pain of it consumed him, tearing through his body like a potent venom. His every nerve alight with pain as he felt her life force vanish. As he felt. Then his vision went white and he remembers nothing, only screaming. And pain. So much pain. Then Phasma is there, pulling him into her arms, speaking in his ear. He latches on to her and sobs. Hes bleeding on his arms he realizes and doesnt know how that happened. Im sorry Kylo. Im so sorry. Theres nothing you can do, Phasma whispers to him. Breathe. Just breathe for me. You have to calm down Kylo. It takes a several minutes but gradually the shock of it, the pain of loss resides. His vision slowly starts to come back and he slumps against her. The Stormtrooper Captain is murmuring to him, rubbing his back, easing him away from whatever ledge hed been balancing on. She calms him. Her voice and her touch soothe the hurt, bit by bit. Phasma is still here, she has not died. He has lost something very precious, but he has not lost everything. Phasma is still here, Hux is still here. This terrible ache will pass. No one will be able to fill the hole left by his teacher and that is alright. He is allowed to have this hurt. Rens breathing slows and his awareness returns. With it, he senses a jolt of fear coursing through the Force. Instantly he knows, he is focused. He throws himself into this distraction and draws the Force around him, cloaking himself, intent on cornering his quarry. Phasma is comming Hux, telling the General that Ren has vanished and the Knight follows the trail of fear that Lieutenant Mitaka leaves in his wake as he runs down the corridors. --- I do not appreciate being led into traps, boy, Caluan Ematt snarls at him and Mitaka cowers. He has no bravery left in him, all it has done is almost gotten Ashara killed. It will get him killed, there is no way the General and Knight do not know now. There is no hope left to cling to. I didnt know! Mitaka falls to his knees. Please you have to believe me! I didnt know who we sought! I had no idea! So what of this witch you acquired? How does she fit into Huxs plans? Ematt waves Mitakas pleading aside. I - I dont know! He didnt tell me why we were seeking her out! Only that she was a Force user! I never even spoke to her! Youre lying to me. No Im not I swear it! Whatever Hux had planned it doesnt matter now anyway! And why would that be? Ematts eyes narrow. She Shes dead! Mitaka looks at the floor. He wishes it would swallow him, that it would just end his miserable existence. He cant keep doing this, cant handle this! Ah, pity, Ematt said, in a tone that suggested that it wasnt a pity after all. But why was she so important? The General of the First Order would not have sought her out in such secrecy if he did not have a use for her. What was his plan? I told you I dont know! Youre lying. I dont think your fiance will appreciate that very much, especially when I break her other hand. Or perhaps I should break her foot instead? Ematt growls. Should I cut off her head tails and send them to you in a box? No! Please dont! Please, Ive told you everything! Mitaka sobs. Why did Hux retrieve the witch? Ematt shouts, making the Lieutenant flinch from where he is kneeling. I dont know! The Resistance Major snorts and Mitaka can hear screaming on his side of the holo. He looks up, terrified of what hell see. Ashara is struggling against her captors and Ematt has a knife in his hand this time instead of his blaster. NO! Mitaka screams. No, please dont! What was Huxs plan? Mitaka stares at the holo, guilt and helplessness eating away at him. She.. She was Kylo Rens teacher. He finally whispers, hanging his head. Shame burns away at him at this second true betrayal. I - I think Hux was planning to use her and Lord Ren to launch an attack against the Resistance. Interesting. A teacher, Ematt muses, toying with the knife. It is a horrifically primitive means of torture, but an effective one. And you say she died? When? How? I I dont know. Ematt slashes the knife down on one of Asharas headtails and she screams. I dont know I swear! Lord Ren just .. just saw it in a Force vision! I have no idea what actually happened! Hmm and how is your feared Knight taking this vision? I -I Ematt makes another cut and Ashara screams. Do not tell me you do not know boy! He is weakened by it! Mitaka blurts out, he doesnt know how to describe what he saw. The anguish that Ren had been experiencing. He I dont know, collapsed. The Captain is caring for him. But thats all I know! I swear! You think his judgement might be compromised? I Possibly? I dont know how the Force works! I will make you a deal Lieutenant, Ematts smile is dangerous. A true trade. Lure Ren to us and we will give you back your pretty little fiance, alive. Mitakas breath catches in his throat. A way out! This torment for himself and Ashara would come to an end! You are the closest thing he has to a friend on this ship. Huxs words echo in his mind and Mitaka feels like he might be sick as he speaks. Okay. I  I accept your terms. Good. We shall send you the coordinates. Well be waiting. And Lieutenant, this is your last chance. The holo vanishes and Mitaka bows his head, breathing heavily. What have I done? He moans, clutching his head with his hands. Aside from betrayed those who trusted you? A deep voice comes from behind him and Mitaka feels his heart stop. Every fiber of his body screams for him to run, but he is rooted to the ground, held captive where he kneels by a power far greater than his own. Betraying the First Order? Betraying your General? Bootsteps echo behind him and stop as they reach him. Mitaka wants to move, to glance around and know what horror awaits him. He knows who has found him. There is no running from the Master of the Knights of Ren. And you would think to lure me , to use the death of my teacher to offer me up to them on a silver platter to the Resistance. Did you plan the same for Hux when you left for Jhas Krill? Rens voice is in his ear now, filled with rage and Mitaka feels a heavy hand on the back of his neck. I could end you here and now for the treason that youve committed. Or perhaps I should hand you over to a military tribunal? Let the Commandant decide your fate? P-Please dont! Mitaka begs, trembling under the Knights grasp. Please I never meant to- I know, Rens voice becomes softer and the invisible bonds holding Mitaka suddenly vanish. The Knight walks around him and then settles himself on the floor across from Mitaka, crossing his too long legs. Wh-what? Sir, I dont understand, Mitaka stammers. Ren looks awful, there are tear stains on his face that havent yet dried, his arms are bleeding from where hed clawed himself and his eyes are huge, too wide even for the darkness of the dim hallway. Ren cocks his head to the side, considering the Lieutenant for a long moment. I am going to ask you a series of questions Mitaka. I want you to be completely honest with me this time. I will know if you are lying. He gestures and Mitaka feels as if someone is pressing a scalpel into his brain and he yelps with pain. Going through the minds of the unwilling is not a pleasant experience for either party, so the more honest you are the smoother this will go. Previously I had afforded you your privacy as a gesture of trust. However it would seem that you did not feel the same way about the arrangement. Please! Please, Lord Ren, you dont understand- Mitaka begs but Ren cuts him off with a gesture. Then you shall make me understand. Short, simple answers. No pleading, no begging. Let us begin Lieutenant, Ren takes a slow breath in and lets it out. How long have you been giving information to the Resistance? But I-agh Mitaka feels the pain sear through his skull again. One year! One year! How many times, in the past year has the information youve given them been correct or critical to the functioning of the Order? MItaka hesitates, trying to make sure his answer is correct. T-Twice. Ren nods. Name the times. The mission to Jhas Krill and the information about your teacher. It is becoming easier to give Ren the answers, but Mitaka still feels like his heart has jumped up into his throat, threatening to choke him. Why did you give them the information? What sway do they hold over you? Here Mitaka breaks down into tears. They took her! They murdered her whole family! I had to watch them torture her! I couldnt save her! I tried! And they only hurt her more! They were going to kill her! Ren allows him a few minutes to sob and then sighs heavily. Why did you not come to us for help? Do you not feel that the Order could have protected her? That we could have used this to justify our actions against the Resistance? I I panicked. I was afraid, the quiet confession comes so easily that it is frightening and Mitaka looks up at Ren. I do not have Force powers like you, or cunning like General Hux or even physical prowess like Captain Phasma. I am weak, and I was ashamed, he drops his eyes and his head. I was ashamed that after you had seen something in me, that you had thought me good enough to be part of your work to have to go before you and tell you that I was so weak. So I thought, I tried, Maker I tried! I tried to save her! And it almost got her killed! Mitaka sobs, hiding his face in his hands. His weakness entirely on display. And if I dont come through on this, hell kill her! Ren is silent for a long time. So long that Mitaka wonders if in fact Ren had left, or if hed even been there at all. When he glanced back up though, Ren was still there, watching him. Mitaka shrinks from his gaze. Finally, after what feels like hours, Ren stands. Mitaka expects to die. To be cut down by that fearsome lightsaber or simply have his neck broken by the invisible hands Ren controls through the Force. He braces himself, praying that Ashara forgives him for failing her too. And then a hand touches his head. He doesnt understand what is happening at first, but then realizes the Ren is lightly stroking his hair. Mitaka does not move, too afraid and too confused to look up. Gradually Mitaka feels his anxiety ease, as if a gentle hand is pushing it away. One more question Lieutenant, Ren tells him. The hand goes to lift Mitakas chin up so their eyes meet. Are you in some sort of trouble? Mitaka stares at him, wide eyed and terrified. He doesnt understand, Ren has just gotten a confession from him why is he asking  Oh. The circumstances of the confession could be manipulated. It was better to willingly confess than to have been caught. The Knight was  saving his life. Yes, he whispers. Im in terrible trouble and and I need your help! Please! --- It was hours later when Ren staggered back into Huxs quarters. The General had jumped to his feet from where he had been sitting going over tactics at his desk, and his arms went around the Knight. Kylo! Sokay, the Knight muttered tiredly, slumping against Hux. He was drained, all his focus, all his energy had gone into finding Mitaka. Getting the information they needed. Finding a solution. Their plan for dealing with Mitaka had not anticipated the Nightsisters sudden death. Nor the devastating effect it would have on Ren. The Knight pressed a small recording device into Huxs hands. He he is with us. The Knights arms were still bloody and unbandaged and Ren was trembling, whimpering softly. He had pushed down the pain of her death, thrown himself into the distraction that had been cornering Mitaka. The amount of control and restraint that had been demanded of him to do so, to confronting the Lieutenant without killing him had been colossal. Ren had tasted the smaller mans fear, his worry, his heartbreak and agony. Coupled with his vision of the Togruta and her pain it had created a potent mix that now threatened to overwhelm the Knight. He had held out for as long as he could, but now it all bubbled to the surface. The Knight was barely aware of Hux pulling him to the bed and Hux setting the recording device aside before running to get a first aid kit. Whe di you- Ren tried to ask, as Hux returned. A few months ago, Phasmas idea, Hux told him. Be still now. Just rest, weve got you. Ren whined quietly as Hux cleaned and wrapped the wounds that hed clawed into his arms. He was pressed against the General, Hux was warm and he felt so very cold. Terrifyingly cold. This was different than the chill that the Dark Side provided, there was no comfort here. He felt like his very soul had been flayed open. His hands reach out for Hux, he needs touch. Needs his lover to center him. Fei he whimpers. N-Need. Hux snaps the lid shut on the first aid kit and sets it aside. Then he lies down next to Ren, pulling a pillow down to prop under their heads and opens his arms allowing Ren to press himself flush against him and hide his face against Huxs chest. Ive got you, Kylo. It's okay, Hux murmurs. Its okay, just breathe for me. Shes dead, Hux. Dead, Ren whispers, clinging to him. Do you know what happened to her? Hux asks, hoping that getting his lover to talk about this will help to ease some of the terrible pain that he is experiencing. Ren nods, his arms tightening around Hux. The General doesnt push him, instead he just rubs Kylos back as he shakes and trembles. Finally the Knight speaks. Snoke killed her. That single sentence makes Hux close his eyes, his own expression one of great pain. Another precious thing that the Supreme Leader had taken from Ren. The Knight is quietly weeping now, his chest heaving as he mourns her loss. Hux knows there is nothing he can say that will help the Knight now, so he lets Kylo work through it. Lets him have his sorrow for as long as he needs. Gradually Kylo quiets and Hux is certain that he is asleep. The General shifts slightly, intent on getting their boots off so they can at least sleep comfortably. Kylo whimpers and Hux freezes, waiting a few more minutes for his lover to fall back asleep. He moves again and this time Kylo makes no noise. Carefully Hux pulls off his boots and then the Knights and goes to fill a glass of water and set it on the nightstand. Ren had most likely cried himself into dehydration and would be thirsty later. Feidhelm? Rens hoarse voice murmurs, pushing himself up on his elbows. Im here, Hux reassures him. Im right here, Kylo, he settles himself back onto the bed. The Knight relaxes and rests his head on Huxs chest. Are you going to be all right Kylo? Hux asks quietly, a hand going to stroke his hair again. I I dont know, Ren bites his lip and leans into Huxs touch. Do you have it still? Of course I do, Hux stretches, reaching into a drawer on the nightstand and pulling out something wrapped in soft cloth. He places the item on his stomach and unwraps it so Ren can see it. See? Still here. Still safe. Kylo reaches out and picks up the Kyber crystal, turning it over and watching its fire play and sparkle in the low light. There is so much hope in this tiny crystal, it is more than just a means to arm an ally now. It is a symbol of all the Nightsister had taught Ren and how much she believed in him. Feidhelm? Yes? Dont kill Mitaka, okay? What brings on this sudden concern? Hux asks him, an arm going around the Knight to hold him tightly. Ren had been the one who had convinced Hux not to simply kill the young Lieutenant outright after all. Because if it was you being tortured, you being held hostage, Ren carefully placed the crystal back in the center of the cloth and folded it back over, hiding it again. I would have done the same thing, the Knight whispers, a shudder going through him. I saw what they did to her, what theyve done to him. Your little lieutenant has fought very long and very hard to try to save the one he loves and still stand for what he believes. He is stronger than he realizes More vulnerable than you or I perhaps, but his spirit is undeniable. Hux is silent, considering Rens words. He had to make a choice, the first of many. He has to chose to be compassionate or vengeful. Hux closed his eyes sighing heavily. Do you have a plan? He asks the Knight. Notes: Due to how long this chapter was, and how long I expect chapter 11 to be, I will be releasing chapter 11 in early May. This is not just for the sake of the plot points I want to cover, but also for my sanity, my beta's sanity and because I am selfishly going to be spending some time with my family during the next month. My goal is to have this fiction completed come June. I will be pausing to write some fluffy Stormpilot for my beta's birthday and then will begin work on the sequel. And again, as always, thank you for your patronage! <3 Chapter 11 Notes: A very special thank you to my beta for sticking with me through, what is possibly one of the most traumatic chapters in the entire fiction. For those of you playing along at home, I'm sure you've noticed that the chapter count is now 14 instead of the original 13 I had projected it to be. While I had grand plans to neatly wrap up some various subplots, said subplots took on a life of their own and before I knew it I was tapping 138 pages and I simply became too mentally and emotionally exhausted to continue writing. That does NOT mean that the fic is being abandoned, I simply needed to give myself permission to end the chapter where it was so I could breathe a bit and take care of my own well being before I continued. April and May have been trying months for me in my personal and professional life and working on this fiction is requiring me to go to some very dark places that I have not visited in a long time. While the experience is a cathartic one, it is also extremely stressful and at times painful. I want to continue to feel joy as I work on this piece, I want to convey the characters and their experiences in an appropriate, respectful and realistic manner and most importantly, I want you as readers to get a sense of hope as you read this, and to be inspired by it. That being said, gentle readers, please be aware that there are the following disturbing themes in this chapter: -corpse mutilation -graphic physical torture -graphic psychological torture -non-consensual human experimentation -a graphic suicide attempt -lots and lots of mental break downs -a semi-graphic rape flashback -discussions of PTSD/mental illness and it's effects on caregivers -exploration of the recovery process -people struggling to make the "right" choice when all of the options fucking suck -accidental domestic abuse -child abuse/torment Whew. I think that covers everything. Some of these topics are gritty and terrifying. I have tried my very best to handle them tactfully and gracefully, however these topics do not readily lend themselves to either trait. So if nothing else, I hope I have been honest in my dealings with the characters and events contained herein. In the interest of disclosure, none of what has been written has been done carelessly. I have penned and re-penned this chapter more times than I can count, I have pulled from my own, terrifying, personal experiences in places and I can only hope that in doing this I have managed to articulate the thought processes, emotions and struggles that all the characters are going through. If you wish to see the fiction grow as I write it, read snippets, see my cats, my face or read fic relevant inspirational quotes you can follow me on Instagram @thecraftycodingfangirl As always, your continued readership, comments, discussions, kudos and fanarts are always loved and appreciated. I humbly thank all of you for your encouragement as this fiction has continued, through all its ups, downs and unexpected left turns. You all inspire me in the greatest ways. And it is with great humility that I share this chapter with you all. Thank you.  (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Mitaka fidgeted. His hands went to fuss with the cup of tea that he had in front of him and hadnt taken a sip out of yet, despite having it for the better part of an hour. He glanced around himself in the small open air cafe. Across the cafe, sitting in a corner booth was his end of the bargain. Kylo Ren, complete with dramatic robes and fearsome mask. How the other man could stand to be under all those layers in the fearsome heat of this backwater desert planet, the smaller man wasnt sure. The Lieutenant had opted to wear casual civilian clothing, his blaster holstered at his hip. He looked no different than the smugglers and other scum that were milling around them, enjoying tea and smoking vapors. You are too anxious. Calm down. Drink the tea. The Knights voice echoed in Mitakas head. Honestly the Lieutenant didnt know if he could hold the cup right now his hands were trembling so badly. It will be fine, Ren reassured him. That was a strange thought, Kylo Ren offering him reassurance. Then again, four days ago Rens voice had come into his head uninvited, in the middle of an officers meeting. After this meeting, pack a bag of supplies and meet me at restricted hanger sixty-six. Do not speak to anyone. Do not tell anyone where you are going. Mitaka had startled so badly from the unexpected intrusion that hed choked on the water hed been drinking, much to the concern of his fellow officers. The meeting could not get finished quick enough. And despite being completely terrified, he had done as Ren had instructed him. He had found the Knight waiting for him and almost hadnt recognized him. Rens hair had been bound back in small braids close to his scalp and he was dressed in worn, tan robes and a hooded brown cloak. His expression had been a serious one but something about the energy around him was different. If Mitaka didnt know any better he would have thought the other man was a Jedi. No one else is coming with us, sir? Mitaka had glanced around as Ren typed in the code to the hanger. No. It would draw too much attention and it wouldnt do for word to spread through The Order about your predicament. The goal is move quickly, rescue the girl and be back before anyone can be bothered to notice that we were gone. Which is why were taking my ship, not an official First Order shuttle. But theyll outnumber us! Outgun us! Mitaka protested, forgetting formalities in his panic as he followed Ren into the hanger as the door opened. I tried that already on Dantooine! You didnt have me with you on Dantooine, Ren muttered, trailing his hand along the hull of the shuttle that was in the hanger. Mitaka glanced at the ship, eyebrows rising. This ship was decades old! Older than the unnamed Star Destroyer they were on. How was the thing even running still? It was an antique at best, a battered relic from the Clone Wars.  This is your ship? he asked in disbelief, the words escaping his mouth before he could stop them. Instantly he regretted it. Ren had glanced back at him, frowning, eyes narrowed. Yes. And she is a good ship, he huffed, visibly bristling. He was rubbing the ships hull with one hand, as if it might be sentient and have taken offense to Mitakas tone. The Lieutenant looked at the ship a moment longer, trying to figure how to salvage the conversation. Ren had moved to the gangplank and was typing in another code to get the ships main door to open. Youve kept her up well, Mitaka offered. I didnt know you could fly, sir. Ren shrugged, his mouth twitching slightly. My father taught me, he replied tightly. Oh, the silence fell between them again and Mitaka shifted his weight uncomfortably. Whats her name? Pardon? Ren turned to look back at him, his expression one of irritation. A look Mitaka had seen often enough during their training together when the Knight had not been in his full armor. It was one that indicated that the Lieutenant needed to tread very carefully, that Rens already scarce patience was rapidly evaporating. Mitaka cleared his throat slightly and raised his head a little, making himself meet the Knights gaze. Your ship, sir, she has a name, doesnt she? All good ships do; what did you name her? Mitaka asked quietly, hoping that the Knight would not take further offense. To his surprise, the Knights scowl disappeared and he almost looked like he was smiling. It is so surreal that for a long moment Mitaka thinks that this has to be a dream that or someone has slipped in a hallucinogenic into his drink at the officers meeting. It's almost frightening. For the past year that theyve been working together, training, Mitaka had never seen Ren smile. There were plenty of moments of rage, and less commonly looks of pride, nods of approval. But never, ever a smile. In that moment he realized that this battered old ship is the Knights pride and joy. It is something important to him.  Salvaged Hope , Ren told him. Her name is Salvaged Hope . Mitaka smiled faintly. It's a good name, Ren. Well then Lieutenant, lets go rescue your fiance, Ren tilted his head, offering Mitaka a confidant smirk. Like that, the air in the hanger cleared and they boarded the shuttle. Coordinates? Ren asked Mitaka, punching them in as the Lieutenant took the co-pilots seat next to the Knight and read them off to him. Do you have a plan? Mitaka asked as the Knights hands moved over the console, going through the ships archaic start up sequence. I do, Ren said as the ship came to life. It isnt as elaborate as some of the schemes our General dreams up, but for our purposes it will do. Salvaged Hope groaned slightly, her engines protesting at the sudden use after having sat dormant for a year and a half. But she held together, just as she always did and they made the jump to hyperspace with minimal issues. Once they were moving Ren turned in his chair to look at Mitaka. Tell me about your fiance. Mitaka had given him a confused look, and Ren elaborated. I can only get so much information from Force visions. I know she is strong, she would have to be to endure what she has been put through. However, there are nuances that I cannot always see, so I need you to tell me everything about her. I have to be able to account for unforeseeable things that could affect our success. His expression is completely serious. Focused with such intensity, with a dedication that is almost frightening and Mitaka cant speak for a moment. He swallowed heavily, looking away from Rens gaze. I do not do things half-way Mitaka, Ren tells him when Mitaka doesnt respond immediately. I know Hux has told you this, and now I will tell it to you, a large hand reaches out and rests on the Lieutenants knee, Mitaka looks back at him, and it feels hard to breathe all of a sudden. We protect our own. We will get her back, I promise you, Ren swears to him, squeezing his knee slightly in an effort to reassure him. All Mitaka can only nod, trying to swallow down the emotions that are threatening to burst forth from him. Ren pulls away then, busying himself with digging through the satchel on the floor next to his seat, giving the Lieutenant some space and Mitaka turns away, frantically trying to compose himself. Thank you, he finally manages to say, when his voice isnt shaking. This has to take incredible strength for Ren to do, given that the Knights teacher had died only two days prior. Mitaka is honestly very grateful to him, two years ago he never would have guessed that the Knight was capable of doing something so selfless. Really, I mean it. Ren glances back at him, and the Knight looks uncomfortable for a moment, as if he doesnt quite know how to respond to Mitaka. Finally he speaks, his voice low. This is what allies are supposed to do for each other, is it not? This is what you are supposed do for those you trust, for your friends. Youre supposed to help them through their trials and have compassion for them when they make mistakes. Mitaka stares at Kylo Ren, and he realizes just how right the Generals words to him a few days prior had been. Ren for all his fearsome power had no friends, he was entirely isolated and cut off from others by his station. The terrifying Kylo Ren was lonely and had no idea how to reach out to others. The Lieutenant offers him a smile, trying to ease the other mans discomfort. Yeah, thats what you do, he says and Ren visibly relaxes, the tension leaving the small cockpit and silence falls between them. Ashara and I grew up together, our families were very close, Mitaka starts to speak quietly. He tells the Knight all about the Togruta. How her family was one of politicians, great orators that could sway entire masses with their words. How Ashara herself was just as passionate a speaker, perhaps rivaling even Huxs charisma. She was slight of form however, and remarkably petite by her species standards, not one prone to violent outbursts or using a physical presence to intimidate those around her. But she didnt need to; her voice was quiet, a whisper almost, but never mumbled and never shy, one that demanded attention. That pulled at the corners of the listeners minds until they had no choice but to pay her words mind. She could silence a room that had descended into chaos within seconds and have every being in it hanging on the whispers that left her lips. Her speech was her weapon, but if necessity demanded it, she was good enough with a blaster. When they had become engaged to each other, Mitaka had taught her how to shoot when he was given leave from the Academy during the summers of his junior and senior year. He knew that her familys vocalness would one day make them targets and that his service to the First Order would mean that he wouldnt be able to be there all the time to protect her. Even though their marriage was an arranged one, he had still wanted to give her something special. They had grown up together until he left for the Academy when he was ten, Asharas schooling had been different, thankfully. She had been kept away from the horror of the First Orders military conditioning and it had been the letters she had written Mitaka that had given him enough drive to press forward, to persevere. My great grandmother was a Major in the Old Empires army. I idolized her growing up, Mitaka said quietly. She died in the first Death Stars explosion I have a ring from her, I want to give it to Ashara. But with her hands now...  I am sure that she will understand what it means for you to give her such a gift, she will understand the intent behind it, Ren told him, his voice is strangely gentle now as he speaks for the first time in hours. She wont be able to hold a blaster if we are cornered however, the Knight frowned, his brow furrowing as he considered this. If this plan is to work, you must do exactly as I say, he tells Mitaka sternly. You must not let your emotions rule your decisions. You must trust me. Completely. That may not be easy, as I suspect the Resistance will try to double cross you and take both of us prisoner. The Lieutenant nodded, feeling anxiety creep into his stomach. I understand, the thought had crossed my mind. Ematt and I do not exactly have a history of honesty with each other. Well, we will have to just be sure that we are more clever than he is, Ren frowns, leaning back in the pilot seat. You are familiar with the concept of a bait-and-switch, are you not? Mitaka nodded again. Good. Then that makes this all the easier. Now, however, as Mitaka sat at the cafe in the blistering heat, his anxiety was getting the better of him again. He knew the plan, he trusted Ren. But that didnt help his nerves and right now nothing seemed easy. He drank the tea, but didnt taste it. He really wanted to throw up, his nerves were so bad. But then he saw her. She wore a gray hooded cloak that obscured most of her face and body. She pushed back the hood slightly, her delicate hands twisted and misshapen from the bones healing improperly over the past months, her eyes scanning the cafe for him. He black eyes met his and Mitaka almost stood up and ran to her, Dont move! Let her come to you. Ren cautioned him. It is difficult, but you must. Not. Move. Wait as we discussed. With great effort Mitaka did just that. It was the longest two minutes of his life as the Togruta wove her way through the tables and chairs of the cafes patio to finally take a seat across the small table from Mitaka. She was not alone of course, there was a man accompanying her. He sat between Mitaka and Ashara, blaster in hand as he did. So where is he? the soldier asked as he took Mitakas cup of tea and downed it in a single gulp. The Lieutenant hesitated. Go on. It's okay. It's part of the plan. Let them try to take me. There was laughter in the thoughts Ren was sending him and Mitaka swallowed heavily, wishing that he felt half as confident as the Knight. The corner both, he whispered, looking away, his face burning with shame that he couldnt help feeling. The man with the dark robes and face mask. I see him, the soldier turned his head and spoke into a comm attached to the collar of his shirt. Alpha Suppression Unit move in. Can we go? Mitaka asked quietly. He didnt want to stay, didnt want to see what was about to happen. Oh please, as if wed just let you leave without confirmation that we have Ren? Were not stupid, you Order garbage. he pushed his blaster against Mitakas side. You two sit right here and drink some tea. Youre coming back with us. What? No Ematt said this was a trade! Mitaka protested. And he lied, genius, the soldier snorted. Now shut up and order some more tea. Actually, a man in a hooded brown cloak sat across from the soldier, effectively taking the last seat at the small table. You wont be needing to keep these two, he made a slight gesture with his fingers. You have confirmation that your target is secure. The soldier looked confused and then his eyes glazed over. I wont be needing to keep these two I have confirmation that the target is secure. Move along now, the man gestured again and the soldier stood and wandered out of the cafe. Mitaka let out an audible sigh of relief as the soldier left. Their bluff was working so far, and the Knight had been right: the Resistance had sought to take multiple prisoners. It was a double cross that was plainly obvious. Dont relax just yet, Ren glanced at him from under his hood. Mitaka could see that he was breathing heavily, sweat beaded his brow as he strained under the effort that he was exerting to manipulate things through the Force. We have to keep the farce up long enough to get away still. Their Alpha team is just outside the back of the establishment. We must avoid them. Stand up, and go out the front of the cafe. Move quickly but dont rush. What is that supposed to mean? Mitaka whispered, in frustration. You cant do both! I dont know, walk casually! Ren snapped, before giving himself a small shake and taking a slow breath in and out. Listen, Im going to cloak you with the Force, he glanced at Ashara, Mitaka knew what was about to come, but she did not. He was just happy that the Torgruta hadnt screamed when he sat down. She was actually keeping it together rather well, then again Mitaka said she had a strong personality. He hadnt been wrong it seemed. This might be frightening, he told her. But it will be alright, little one. He reaches out and gently touches her shoulder. The Togruta stiffens, pulling away slightly but then she feels the press of darkness and her eyes lit up. You! she whispered as she realized who the man before her was, the one who had spoken to her through her thoughts a week ago. Ren nodded and then he looked back at Mitaka. Go down one block east, like we discussed. I will meet you there in five minutes. But what if theres trouble? Mitaka whispers as noise starts to come from the back of the cafe. Thats why I want you two out of the way, Ren offers him a smirk and Mitaka sees one his hands twisting slightly, manipulating the space around it with the Force. A wash of cold comes over the Lieutenant and he knows Ashara feels it too as she shudders and pulls her cloak closer around herself. It is done, now go. Slowly Mitaka and Ashara stood, the Lieutenant taking a gentle hold of her wrist and leading her out of the cafe. Dont look back. No matter what you do. Ren tells him as they cross the threshold of the cafe. Mitaka takes a deep breath and keeps walking, Ashara at his side. They cross the street and behind them there is an explosion and chaos within the cafe. Ashara almost looks back but Mitaka tugs her along gently. What happened? She whispers to him. Ren set a trap for them, Mitaka explains. *** They had arrived on the planet in the dim morning hours before the sun blazed overhead. Im going out. If were to properly bait them, we need another body. Stay here. And for the love of the Maker dont touch anything, Ren had told him before he left. That was the last thing Mitaka wanted to do, he wasnt entirely convinced that he wouldnt find something creepy hidden in one of the storage compartments. He had confined himself to the cockpit and dozed off in the co-pilots seat until the Knight had returned and pounded on the side of the shuttle. Get out here, Im going to need your help, Ren called to him and Mitaka had stumbled out of the shuttle, rubbing his eyes wearily. He was not entirely certain how Ren was still moving, considering hed only slept on one of the three days it had taken them to reach their destination. But his questioning of Rens ability to function on minimal sleep was quickly put to the back of his mind when he saw the corpse that Ren had laid on the sandy ground beneath the shuttle. What the hell do we need a corpse for? Mitaka had squeaked in horror, gagging at the stench of the half decayed body and just glad Ren had not brought it on board the ship. I told you, bait-and-switch, Ren had pulled his familiar black robes out of a bag and started to dress the body in them. You said body, I thought you had contact or someone who could help us. This.. this is a rotting body! They arent stupid, theyll be able to tell from the smell alone! Remember the part about planting the bombs? Ren asked him as he climbed back into the shuttle to retrieve another bag before returning to the corpse. Yes, you said we were going to do a bait-and-switch using a decoy and plant bombs  Oh by the Maker youre going to put the bombs in the corpse! Mitakas eyes went wide as Ren pushed his sleeves up, selected a knife from the bag hed gotten off the ship and started to gut the corpse. That that is both terrifying and brilliant Ren. Thank you, the Knight looked very pleased with himself. Which was unnerving as the black foul blood of the corpse spilled out around him and onto his hands. Mitaka gagged at the smell. If youre going to vomit, do it over there, Ren gestured with the bloody knife as he pulled out half rotted intestines and tossed them aside. I dont want you puking on me. Mitaka was about to protest that he wasnt going to, but the sight of the Knight calmly emptying the dead mans body of its organs was simply too much for his stomach and the Lieutenant bolted to the other side of the ship and vomited. Whenever youre done, Ren called to him. Get back here, I need you to pass me grenades so I can chain their fuses together. Mitaka groaned and spat a few times before returning to the Knights side. Where did you even get a corpse? You didnt rob a grave, did you? He asked as he passed the Knight the explosives. The body smelled far too much to be fresh, at least Ren hadnt murdered anyone to do this. I just looked in a few back alleys until I found someone who had been forgotten. Youd be surprised what you can find in the shadowed alley ways of even the brightest planets, Lieutenant. And youre sure that no civilians will get hurt from this? When Ren had told him about the trap part of his plan, Mitaka had agreed enthusiastically, he wanted to hurt the Resistance, to strike back at them for what theyd put him and Ashara through. He hadnt through about the possibility of civilian casualties until now. Gauze, Ren held his hand out as he twisted the last of the grenade fuses together in a daisy chain. Mitaka passed it to him and Ren started to bind the corpses abdomen shut. Hold this end now, Ren handed Mitaka one end of a roll of gauze as he sat the corpse up and wrapped it tightly around it. And I promise you, no civilians will be hurt by my hand. I can stop an orbital strike, what makes you think I cant contain a few grenades? Mitaka frowned. But even dressed up, how do we convince them that this pile of rotting flesh is you? Ren tied the gauze in a knot and pulled off the tattered remains of the dead mans clothes and replaced them with black pants and a black shirt. He fussed with straightening the garments and then finally put the black cloak around its shoulders and slid his own mask over its decaying skull. Once he was satisfied he looked back at Mitaka. Very, very carefully. All you need to do is act the part, walk alongside it and then sit near the front of the cafe they want us to meet at. I will handle the rest. What is the rest? Mitaka asked him, Ren had failed to mention this part and now the Knight was silent, looking away as if he was uncomfortable. Ironic, considering theyd just replaced a dead mans organs with grenades. Im going to animate this corpse, Ren told him quietly. I have seen it done, but I have never done it myself. It is a technique that only the witches of Dathomir can do, and Shelish did not have the chance to teach it to me when I studied under her. It is difficult to do even for them. If it goes awry it can kill the one attempting to do it If something goes wrong I will need your help. Mitaka stared at him, desperately hoping that this was a bad joke. That Ren was somehow toying with him. But the Knight looked serious. How could their entire plan hinge on something Ren himself had never done and didnt even know if he could do? This was suicide! But Mitaka kept his misgivings to himself, swallowing heavily. They were here now, there was no going back. Okay, he sighed and then straightened slightly from where he was sitting. What do I have to do? For now, just make sure I keep breathing. Once I have it under control I can compartmentalize it and I should be able to function normally, Ren told him, and Mitaka was certain that the Knight looked a little nervous. Ren closed his eyes, his hands resting on top of his legs as he concentrated. His lips moved, as if he was whispering a mantra to himself and gradually Mitaka felt something stirring in the air around them. It wasnt a breeze, something more solid than that. Almost as if another being was standing with them, watching over their shoulders. Mitaka didnt dare turn around to look and see if something actually was there or not. For a moment, the Lieutenants eyes clouded and he had to blink rapidly to clear his vision. But the gray haze didnt leave. It wasnt quite like the fog that had appeared when the Nightsister had engaged the Resistance on Jhas Krill and later the Knight in the hanger of the Star Destroyer, but it had the same ethereal feeling to it. Rens eyebrows were knitted together in concentration and blood was starting to drip from his nose. He had stopped murmuring to himself, his expression was one of great pain and his hands moved now, trembling as they hovered over the corpse. Then Rens eyes snapped open and he gasped, rising up on his knees and the haze that surrounded them rushed, as if pulled through a funnel into the corpses chest. Ren pitched forward then and Mitaka had to scramble to catch the taller man. Are you all right? Mitaka exclaimed as he struggled to support the Knight. Did it work? I- Pant. I think so, Ren breathed, he was shaking as he leaned against Mitaka. Sorry, he murmured before straightening and falling back on his heels. They both looked at the corpse expectantly. Then the body pushed itself up into a sitting position. Mitakas eyes went wide and Ren punched the air in victory. Yes! he murmured before falling backwards entirely into the sand. Ha! I did it! he laughed softly to himself. Oh, the Resistance wont even know what hit them! Mitaka felt himself smiling as well at the Knights success. They were going to pull though. This was the hardest part and as long as Ren could keep it up, they would have nothing to worry about. How long can this last? Mitaka asked, peering at the masked corpse, it turned its head and peered right back at him, which was suffice to say, very very creepy. Im not sure, Ren pushed himself back up so he was sitting again and wiped the blood off his face. Two hours? Maybe three? Once the decoy is in place though, I should be able to reduce the energy Im diverting to keeping it functional. Ill be cloaking myself, you, Ashara and potentially manipulating Resistance soldiers but not all at the same time So long as I remain conscious I think itll be fine. You know this is amazing, right? Mitaka looked at the Knight and Ren blinked in surprise and then shrugged at the compliment and started to clean off the knife and put it back in the bag before standing. No, really, Mitaka said as he got up. The decoy stood as well, turning about and looking around it as it did. Mitaka stepped around it and put a hand on Rens arm. The Knight froze, giving him a confused look.  Youre amazing and Im glad youre on our side, Ren. Mitaka realized he was babbling, but he couldnt seem to make himself shut up. And thank you for doing this. Thank you so much, thank you for helping me, for saving her. If you hadn- Mitaka found his words cut off as Ren awkwardly pulled him into a crushing hug. The Lieutenant slowly returned the gesture. This is what friends do, isnt it? Ren asked quietly. Yeah. It is, Mitaka patted the larger mans back softly and he felt Ren sigh quietly, relaxing minutely. Ren pulled away after minute, giving Mitaka a smile, Come on then, lets go rescue your fiance and crush the Resistance. --- Wait, Mitaka told Ashara. We wait for him here. They stopped at a vendor who was selling shiny trinkets and started to browse through the overpriced wares. People were running all around them, some towards the cafe that had a steady stream of smoke coming from it, but most were fleeing. Mitaka watched the crowd, searching for Ren. Then a second explosion rocked the cafe. They had a window of five minutes, but that didnt make the Lieutenants anxiety any less. There were more Resistance soldiers running towards the cafe now. The entire planet was swarming with them! Mitaka turned his back to the crowd as they ran past him and Ashara, paying them no mind. Where was Ren? He should have been there by now! Mitaka was ten seconds from going back to the cafe to see if he could find the Knight when someone stepped up to the booth next to them. Apologies for the delay, Rens voice sounds strained. We have a complication. Whats that? Mitaka asks quietly, picking up a particularly shiny trinket. Theyve closed the gates. We need to find another way out. The Resistances forces are in greater number than either of us expected, Rens breathing is strained. Do you still remember the layout enough to figure a way out of here? Mitaka nodded. I do. Hed memorized the map of the small village that they had been told to meet in. Of course the Resistance would have made sure to make their meeting place in an area that was heavily in their favor. But the Knight was still breathing heavily and Mitaka glanced at him. Are you okay? Did you get wounded? Im fine, we need to move though. Can you run? Mitaka glanced at Ashara and then back at Ren. They both nodded. Once we are off the street I need to drop our cloaking, Ren told him. I need to be able to scan for danger, he shook his head as if he had water in his ears, brow furrowing. Mitaka frowned, he suspected that the effort it had taken to manipulate the decoy and restrict the grenade explosion had drained the Knight of much of his stamina. Okay, lets move then. Follow me, I think there is a side street that leads to a low wall that we can jump. They moved, quickly leaving the street and its panicked crowd behind and slipping into the shadows of the buildings. Ren fell in behind Ashara with Mitaka leading the way. They took several turns, Mitaka pausing every so often to recall the map of the village in his mind. It should have been a quick escape. It was taking too long, as if they were going in circles almost. Something is wrong, Ren muttered when they paused again. His hand went to his head, his nose was bleeding again and his face had gone white. I dont like this.Something  He groaned and doubled over. Ren? Mitaka moved to touch his shoulder. Amazingly the Knight let him. What is it? I dont know. I -hngh! he slumped against the building they were standing in the shadow of. Something Run. We need to run right now! Ren wha- Now! The Knight moved then, grabbing Mitaka by the hand and Ashara by the wrist and bolting. Mitaka staggered, struggling to keep from being dragged along the ground by the Knight, Ashara wasnt doing much better. Behind them he heard blaster fire and people shouting and Ren pulled them down a narrow alley. The alley ended with a high fence that Ren boosted Ashara and Mitaka over before following them and landing in a large communal compost pile. Something is interfering with my connection to the Force, Ren told them as they picked their way out of the organic refuse. I dont know what, it started just after the second explosion. You mean the second explosion wasnt us? Mitakas eyebrows shot up. No. Im not sure what it was. We need to he trailed off, turning his head and tilting it, as if he were listening for something. Get down! he pulled Ashara and Mitaka down into the rot, dropping to his belly to lie with them. On the other side of the fence voices could be heard. Among them Caluan Ematt. Mitaka put a hand over Asharas mouth as she gasped and Ren slowly reached for his lightsaber. They cant be far. This village is only so big, find them. That suppression grenade weve been developing did its work, Kylo Ren is weakened. I need him alive, he will have information that will be very valuable to our work and we deal a massive blow to the First Order. The others sir? Kill them, theyve served their purpose. Mitaka waited until the footsteps faded away before glancing at Ren, whose face was still pale. We need to get off this planet. Fast. Well if we could get out of this village that would be quite easy, assuming they dont have a blockade in place now, Ren grumbled as they stood back up. He closed his eyes for a minute, concentrating. Fuck. Were surrounded. Do they know were here? Mitaka asked. Ren shook his head. No wait.. Wait there is an opening  he opened his eyes and looked at his comrades. We have to move now. Otherwise its only a matter of time before they find us. Follow me and keep up. Ren picked his way out of the massive compost pile and then moved to peer around the corner, motioning for them to follow. They darted to the next corner, narrowly missing a group of Resistance soldiers that were sweeping the alley in the opposite direction. Three more streets over to the west there is a hole in the fence, Ren told them. From there we can circle around and be back to the ship in an hour. No matter what happens you two keep moving, understand? Ren- Mitaka started to protest. That is an order Lieutenant, one that you will thank me for one day. Now quickly before they come back this way. Ren leads the way again, silently directing them to stay or come forward or drop to the ground when sentry droids come whizzing by. Theyre almost there and Ren feels a stirring of hope in his chest. They will make it out of this unscathed. Smelly and filthy perhaps, but with no further harm done to them. The hole in the wall is unguarded, covered by a tarp with construction signs all around it. Cautiously the Knight sends a sliver of Force energy into the area, probing it for traps. He finds none, which worries him so he reaches for the Light and scans the area that way. Again he finds nothing. It unnerves him. This is a trap. It has to be. With as much effort as the Resistance has gone through there is no way that they would allow them to escape by such an obvious means. This is a trap, he looks back at Mitaka and Ashara. What other choice do we have? Mitaka asked. Can we back track? Can we find another way out? Ren hesitated. Was there another? Did they even have time to find another way? He felt the Force faintly echoing in his ear as if he was stuck underwater. No. Time was running out. Ren shook his head. No no this is the only way. Listen to me now, there is a first aid kit under the middle sleeping area and enough rations to get you back to the Destroyer. I programmed a built in code sequence to bypass the complete start up- What? No were not leaving you behind! Mitaka protested as he realized what Ren was saying. Were getting out of here, all of us! The Knight smiled faintly and then looked at Ashara. Dont let him be an idiot. You get back and you two go straight to General Hux. Hell know what to do. Whatever you do, do not tell Phasma. He looked back at Mitaka, and reached out, tapping his fingers against the smaller mans temple. Mitaka staggered for a moment and blinked. The bypass code, Ren explained. Now, no matter what happens when I tell you to run, you run like hungry rancors are after you. And you dont look back. Understand? No, were not going to leave you here! Not with Ematt! Ren this is stupid heroics! Mitaka protested. You dont have to do this! I know, but it's my choice. My decision to make. So dont you dare make me look like a fool Dopheld, Ren offers him a bitter smile and draws his lightsaber. Lets go. Mitaka makes a noise of frustration and pulls his blaster from its holster, taking Ashara by the wrist. They burst from their hiding spot and run for the hole. Mentally Ren is counting. Most traps when expecting to catch someone attempting to flee are sprung within five seconds. One. One thousand. Blaster fire rains down on them and Ren whirls, pulling the Force around them as tightly as he can, and his body trembles the effort it takes to do so. His head is spinning and his vision blurs as his nose starts bleeding again. But he manages to shield them and activates his lightsaber to cut down the soldiers nearest to them. Mitaka is firing at those who are attempting to ambush them up ahead, clearing a path for them to forge forward. Two. One thousand. They are vaulting over the construction equipment and someone throws a grenade at them. Mitaka shoots the man and Ren uses the Force to throw the explosive back. Almost to the tarp that guards the hole. Three. One thousand. The tarp is not a tarp, but a sheet of metal and Mitaka makes a noise of distress. Ren pushes him aside. Cover me, He closes his eyes, and concentrates before pushing his lightsaber into the the metal that blocks their path. Ashara is crouched beside him, trying to make herself less of a target and Mitaka is frantically firing off shots to keep their attackers at bay. The metal sheet starts to glow red and crumble. Ren grins. It is working. But taking too long, he tries to draw on the Force more to push the process along. Ren! Mitaka yells and Ren can hear the panic in the Lieutenants voice. Weve got trouble! Four. One thousand. Another grenade comes flying as Ren pulls his lightsaber out of the metal sheet and he barely has time to pull Ashara and Mitaka away from it, shielding their smaller forms with his before it goes off and his entire world goes white. Five. One thousand. Ren! Ren get up! You have to get up! Mitaka is screaming at him, trying to pull him to his feet. Rens world is a hazy blur and the Force is barely a whisper of a hum. His head hurts so much and hes spitting blood from his mouth. Six. One thousand. The damaged metal sheet has been blasted open from the force of the grenade and Ren staggers to his feet unsteadily, lightsaber in hand. Run! He gasps to Mitaka as he pulls at the Force again. Dragging it to him and with all the strength he has and then Force-pushes the Lieutenant and his fiance out of the hole in the wall. They fall out of sight and Ren lets out a breath of relief as he senses the man behind him. Kylo Ren, how heroic. I expected you to be older, why youre hardly even a man! And yet you cost me several good men and women back there in that cafe, Caluan Ematt is smirking as if hes already won. What can I say, Im expensive, Kylo spits a mouthful of blood at the other mans feet. His grip tightens on the lightsaber as the soldiers surround him. Ematt starts to speak again, but Ren isnt listening. He lunges to the right, lightsaber swinging wildly in an arc and slicing the nearest two soldiers almost in half as he does. Ematt is yelling for the rest of the soldiers to open fire as Ren rampages through their closed ranks. Stun bolt after stun bolt hits him and he struggles against them. His grasp on the Force is a thin thread now, finer than a human hair and his adrenaline is surging. But without full command of the Force he cannot fight against them, not outnumbered as he is. Finally Ren collapses to his knees, succumbing to the stun bolts and someone slams a blaster into the back of his head, making him see stars and lose his grip on his saber. It is kicked out of his hand, he scrambles for it. That is when the collar closes around his neck and he feels his connection to the Force severed in its entirety. Ren goes stock still, eyes widening as his hands go to pull at the metal collar to try and get it off. His is Force-blind. It is like he cant breathe properly, he cant see anymore, cant hear. His senses are dulled and all color leaves the world. Someone strikes him again and this time when he collapses Kylo Ren does not get back up. --- Mitaka hit the ground hard and got a mouthful of sand. He spat it out and Ashara is pulling him to his feet. The ship, which way? she asks him as she leads him away from the sounds of battle, not giving him a chance to run back into the battle. Quickly! Before they realize we are alive still! But Ren- He gave us an order, we have to move! her voice is urgent, yet calm. She doesnt ever yell and thats why Mitaka loves her: she is softness and mildness in a Galaxy that is all fire and chaos. Dopheld, which way? she presses her twisted hands to his face, trying to get him to focus, to lead him to the idea of self-preservation rather than dying heroically. Mitaka stares at her, taking a shuddering breath and then nods. This way, east. Quickly, he takes her wrist and leads her through the shadows of the wall. They cant go out into the desert, theyll be easy targets. Clinging to the wall is their best bet of not being seen. Rens estimate of an hour for them to reach the ship was not incorrect. The Resistances attention was fully on capturing and subduing the Knight, paying little mind to the fleeing couple. Mitaka only had to take out on patrolling group and then he and Ashara ran for the ship. They were almost to it when the sound of blaster fire and the whine of speeders came from behind them. Hurry! Mitaka yelled, turning to frantically return fire on the soldiers that were chasing them. The hatch is locked! Mitaka swore as he ran up the gangplank to join Ashara, his hand was shaking as he typed in the code, his muscles moving automatically from the memory that Ren had transferred to him. The speeders were getting closer and he aimed a careful shot at one of their engines. It exploded in a spectacular ball of flames as the door slid open and Mitaka and Ashara rushed inside. He slammed his fist down on the button to close it and pull the gangplank in before running to the cockpit. He slid into the pilots seat, uncertain of what to do, but then his hands were moving of their own accord. Once again acting on the information memory Ren had given him. Mitaka didnt ever remember his hands moving so quickly in his entire life. The old shuttle groaned and then took off so quickly that the Lieutenant was snapped back against the chair and somewhere in the back of the ship Ashara cried out in surprise as she was flung backwards by the unexpected acceleration. Sorry! Mitaka called back to her as his hands kept moving over the controls. Ren hadnt mentioned anything to him about weapons on the ship, but there were shields. Or rather, as Rens mental voice echoed in his head: Shields that work if you whisper the right combination of sweet nothings to them . Mitakas hand found the switch and flipped it. Please, please, please, please, he prayed to any deity that was listening. The ship hummed and a green light clicked on. Shields were at one hundred percent. So long as they didnt have to deal with any Resistance Starfighters, they might just be able to make the jump to hyperspace. Salvaged Hope punched through the planets upper atmosphere and into the black and starry expanse of space beyond it. Mitaka let out a breath of relief. Nothing. No Starfighters, no X-Wings. His hands moved again, more of that strange Force-transferred muscle memory as he typed in the coordinates for the old Star Destroyer. For home. The stars around them blurred as the old shuttle jumped into hyperspace. It was then that Ashara came into the cockpit, first aid kit cradled against her chest and sat in the co-pilots seat next to him. Dopheld, she reached out to him, brushing his cheek with her mangled fingers and he looked at her. It's okay, the Togruta told him. It's okay, your General will know what to do. I left him behind, Mitaka whispered. The adrenaline of their flight finally fading and sending him headlong into a spiraling crash of nerves and emotion. Oh Maker, I left him behind! Shhh, Ashara murmured to him as Mitaka covered his face with his hands and cried. He is strong, they will not break him. But theyve done something! Didnt you hear Ematt? Theyre developing weapons or something to use against Force-Sensitives! They didnt want him just for information, theyre going to use him as a test subject! Mitaka exclaimed, pulling at his hair in frustration. It all made sense, that was why they wanted to trade for Ren. That was why there had been a second explosion and the Knights connection to the Force had been hampered. But that doesnt make sense, Ashara said. Is their own General not the sister of Skywalker, the last Jedi? That would mean she is Force-Sensitive as well, would it not? Perhaps they figured out a way to only target those who use the Dark Side, I dont know! Fuck we shouldnt have left him! I shouldnt have listen- Dopheld! Asharas voice was barely a whisper. He fell silent, breathing heavily, his hands going to clutch tightly at the fabric of his pants and he looked away from his fiance. Im the only friend he has and I left him behind, Mitaka whispered. Consider, Ashara hummed softly. The sound echoed through her montrals, making the air vibrate slightly and Mitaka shivered. Consider, dearest Dopheld that if you were not his friend, mayhap he wouldnt have helped you in the first place. That if he did not trust in your bond, if he did not hold you in high regard, that he would not have given his freedom to allow us to escape. Your friend made his choice and all we can do at this point is honor that. We must go to your General, we must tell him what happened. What the Resistance is doing. The Galaxy itself must know that the vigilantes they allow such free reign are the very monsters they fear. Her voice is quiet, but as she speaks Mitaka feels himself growing calmer. Finally he slumps in the pilots seat, letting out a slow breath. Youre right, he said quietly. Ashara just smiled at him as Mitaka reached out and stroked her face. He didnt think hed ever be able to touch her again. I missed you so much, he whispered. I thought for certain Ematt had killed you after what happened on Jhas Krill. He moved his hand to lightly touch one of hers. Do they cause you pain? Yes, she tells him. I dont think they can be mended, not without replacing the bones with mechanics, slowly she moves her hands, stretching them open as far as she can given how awfully the bones have healed. The muscles and tendons are warped and twisted, causing her fingers to take on a clawed form and lose much of their dexterity. Her hands tremble slightly from the effort and pain that it takes for her to open them and she winces as she does. Im so sorry I couldnt get to you sooner, Mitaka gently takes her hands and kisses them. Im so, so sorry, Ashara. Shh, she hums again. I know you will keep me safe Dopheld. Shhh, now let me tend to your shoulder before you bleed out. My shoulder? Mitaka gives her a look of confusion. Yes, you were hit before we got over the wall. I thought you were dead when we landed. Fortunately it would seem the Maker still has grand plans for the both of us. Now, jacket and shirt off, let me see how bad the damage is. --- The shock of cold water being thrown on him jolted Ren back into consciousness. He sputtered and coughed as more water poured over his face, his vision was dark and he couldnt breathe. Ren tried to kick, to claw and fight against the endless stream of water, but his arms and legs were restrained. He tried to call on the Force but found that it was silent. That he was alone, entirely isolated from the whisper of the Galaxy and its endless cycle of energy. There was no ebb and flow of darkness and light. No coldness. No fire. Just silence. He was alone. Abandoned. And he was drowning. A strangled cry left his throat as he tried to suck air into his lungs. His bodys instinct to self-preserve making his muscles strain as his chest burned for air. He was dying. He was going to die. To drown. Suddenly the water stopped, the hood was pulled off his head and his body was flung about, his arms pulled backwards and up by his wrists so they were bound behind his head at an odd angle that made his shoulders scream in protest, threatening to pop out of their sockets. Ren gasped for air, coughing and spitting as his vision returned and his feet found the ground beneath them. Welcome back to the world of the living, Kylo Ren, a old mans voice came from in front of him. What a pleasure to have you as my guest. Caluan Ematt, Ren grunted, raising his head to glare at the older man. If you think you can use me as bait like you did with Mitaka, youre horribly mistaken. Bait? Oh no I would never do that, Ematt is smiling in a way that Ren doesnt need the Force to know that he is up to no good. Consider this reparations of a sort. Youre going to be doing a great duty to the Galaxy. Ren snorted. Youre delusional. And youve murdered fifty-six Force-Sensitive children to date, including Leia Organas only son, Ben Solo, Ematt grabs Rens face. Not to mention all the Resistance operatives youve tortured and killed. So the least you can do is make a contribution to the fine work were doing here. Ren stared at the man. He had known Ematt, briefly, as a child. Back when he had once gone by the name Ben Solo, before hed been sent away to train with his uncle. Before his parents had become afraid of him and his powers. He remembered Ematt from those years ago. And years ago Ben had not liked the man either. Ben had hidden behind his mothers skirts and when she had stepped aside, encouraging him to be polite and say hello, Ben had run to hide behind his father and the Wookie. Even at a young age, he had known that there was some darker purpose behind the old mans smile. How interesting now that Ematt didnt recognize the boy he had once known. How very fortunate that he believed that Kylo Ren had killed Ben Solo all those years ago. I will give you nothing, Ren spat in the old mans face. And when I am free from this bonds, I will crush you! Rage filled him. This was a man his mother had trusted! How could his mother endorse what he was doing? What he had done to Mitaka and Ashara! How could she have let this happen? Was this really what her great Resistance was? But you already have Kylo Ren, Ematt shoved him backwards and Ren staggered, his balance thrown off and his shoulders twisting in pain from how his arms were bond. Your reaction to our weapons has already told us that much. Ren glared at him. Youre blocking my connection to the Force, he growled. How? Ah, ah, ah, Ematt shook a finger at Ren. We cant be giving our enemy valuable information like that now. But I must admit, even I am shocked at how effectively our suppression collar is working. I will rip this pathetic fraise off and I will end you! Ren snarled, lunging forward trying to bite at the other man. His shoulders strained and threatened to dislocate but he didnt care, his rage was threatening to rip him apart. And yet he could not feel the Force. Could sense nothing. Panic was starting to creep into his mind, but Ren crushed it down, focusing his energy on his anger, on fueling the more powerful part of the Dark Side. Fear leaders to Anger. Anger is strength. Anger is the destructive force of an ice storm. But he could not feel the cold embrace of the Dark Side. Could not sense the blackness of eternity that so often enveloped him. He remained as powerless as any normal man would be in his situation. Ematt took a calculated step backwards, regarding the Knight with a considerate look on his face. How very interesting. Is that all the mighty Kylo Ren has? Is that the best that the Master of the Knights of Ren can do? You have no idea what I can do! Ren hissed, struggling against the restraints. His wrists were starting to bleed as his skin chaffed and his strength was rapidly leaving him. But he would not show weakness! He must not! The moment he was defeated would be the moment that Ematt would find no further use for him. Hmm, we shall see, Ematt turned, walking away from Ren. You know what to do, he motioned to the soldiers who had been standing around them watching. Break him in. Ren watched as one of the soldiers approached him. They looked afraid, they knew who he was, what he was capable of. Or at least had been capable of. The first blow connected with his gut, knocking the air out of him. Someone kicks his legs out from under him, forcing his twisted shoulders to support all his weight and he grunted, gritting his teeth against screaming. He would not give in! He would not! Youre a monster! Another blow hit his stomach and then one landed on his back, wrenching his shoulders and straining them. Someone kicked him in the face and a punch connected with his head. An elbow strike hit him in the back again as someone kneed him in the solar plexus. The air rushed out of his lungs and Ren gasped, straining to breathe as the blows continued to land. You deserve to die! His head was spinning again as people kicked at him, one of his eyes was swelling shut, blood was filling his nose and mouth and he choked on it, sputtering and coughing. Youll pay for what you did! Monster! --- Salvaged Hope docked in the restricted hanger three days after it had left the desert planet. It was just passed 0430 as Mitaka took Ashara by the hand and led her through the old Star Destroyer at a breakneck run. They were both panting and sweating as Mitaka pounded on the door to Huxs personal quarters, desperately hoping he was in there. General! I need to talk to you this is an emergency! A few seconds later the door slid open and one very sleepy looking, half naked and tussle haired General Hux opened the door. Evidently Mitaka had woken him in the middle the deep REM part of his sleep cycle. Mitaka, what the hell? he groaned. Do you have any idea. He trailed off as he realized that Ashara was standing by his side. All traces of tiredness vanished and he straighten. Where is Ren? He was captured, Mitaka told him in a hushed voice. It went wrong! It all went wrong! Quiet, Lieutenant! Hux snapped. Dont broadcast it to the entire ship! Inside, now! he stepped back, opening the door for Ashara and Mitaka to come into his quarters. Hesitantly, Mitaka stepped into the Generals quarters, Ashara close behind him. Hux shut the door and grabbed a shirt, pulling it on before regarding the younger man. What happened? You knew that he was- Of course I knew! Id be a terrible General if I didnt know where my most powerful asset was! Hux turned away from Mitaka, going to his desk and pulling up something on his datapad. The screen buffered for a moment and then blinked, as if it was pulling up a radar. Hux swore under his breath and turned back to Mitaka. One of his hands pulled a drawer open on his desk and reached into it. You have ten seconds, Lieutenant, to explain to me how Kylo Ren came to be taken hostage, or I swear to the Maker I will shoot you where you stand for treason, Huxs hand withdrew from the desk drawer with a blaster in it. Start talking. Now. Mitaka stuttered for a moment. I think Ematt has been developing weapons to use against Force-Sensitives! Everything was going fine, just like Ren had planned! But then something happened, a second explosion, I dont know what it was and his Force abilities were  like they were being blocked, like something was causing him pain through his connection to it, I think? It weakened him, and and he told us to run. He said to come straight to you when we got back, that you would know what to do! Mitaka was shaking, panting for breath. His wounded shoulder was throbbing and he wasnt entirely sure that Hux wouldnt shoot him dead in the next few seconds. Hux frowned and then sighed, setting his blaster down on the desk and sinking down into his chair. Sir? Mitaka asked, as Hux rubbed his face with his hands, his shoulders slumping. Is there anything else you can tell me? Anything else I need to know? Hux asked quietly, his tone very different from how it had been just moments ago. As if the General was afraid. Mitaka glanced at Ashara, trying to think of if there was something, anything else that was prudent. I I dont know if theyre keeping him on the same planet or not. But the place they were in was heavily in favor of the Resistance. They were able to box us in, change the layout of the village to trap us. The schematics I memorized didnt help. But whatever Ematt is doing he needed Ren alive. He would have killed Ashara and I, he said that we had served our purpose, but Ren  I think hes going to use him as a test subject. I see, Hux leaned forward, elbows resting on his knees, fingers steepled together in thought. He was quiet for a long time. Then he looked at the Togruta. You are Lady Ashara, are you not? Yes sir, she raised her chin a little. Can you give me any insight? Anything at all? Ashara hummed softly to herself for a moment then shook her head. Ematt did not discuss plans in front me. He is cruel but not stupid. But If you are going to take a course of action General, I feel you must do so quickly. Your Lord Ren is strong, but if Ematt is truly suppressing his powers then he will be just a normal man at the mercies of someone whose conviction is inspired by a grand vendetta. Hux nodded again, closing his eyes and sighing once more. I thank you, Lady Ashara, for your frankness. Please consider yourself a guest aboard my ship. I understand that the past year has been quite a trial for you, rest assured that you are now under the protection of the First Order. What would assure me most, General, the Togruta tilted her head. Would be knowing that you will not shoot my fiance the moment I look away and that you will not let Ematt escape justice! He murdered my entire family! You have my word, he inclined his head to her and then picked up his comm. Phasma, come to my quarters, we have a guest that I would like you to meet. Hmm Hux? Phasmas voice was sleepy over the comm. Is Ren back? Something like that, Hux told her. Just come up here. Roger. Mitaka made a small noise of terror. Shes gonna kill me. No, she wont Lieutenant. She is going to tend to your fiance, who, forgive me maam, is in dire need of medical attention, a proper meal, a bath and clean clothing. As are you, Hux glanced at Mitakas bandaged shoulder. Can you still fire a blaster? Yes. Or well I mean I should be able to? I havent tried since we- The yes, was sufficient, Lieutenant. Have medical look at it, get cleaned up and meet me at the armory in three hours, Hux told him. Three hours, sir? You didnt think I would leave our most important asset in the hands of the Resistance did you? And we certainly cant let the rest of the Order find out that Ren has been captured, let alone why or how. That would lead to bad morale, Hux stood as there was a rap on his door. Ah, Phasma, I need to call upon your discretion, he let the tall woman into the room. This is Lady Ashara, Mitakas fiance. --- Hux collapsed back onto his bed. He stared up at the ceiling, forcing himself to take slow, deep breaths. This was going to be fine. They were going to get Ren, he was going to shoot Caluan Ematt in the face and it was all going to be fine. Ren would be fine. He would be all right Fuck! Hux slammed a fist down on his mattress as his emotions threatened to overwhelm him. It had taken everything in him not to beat Mitaka senseless when hed realized that Ren had not been with him. That Ren had been taken captive. The world was close to turning entirely awash in a red rage for the General. The Knight had told him, in detail, what he had discovered about Ashara from his Force visions. Of what she had gone through, of what Mitaka had tried to do to save her. And now Kylo himself was in Ematts hands and if Mitaka was right and Ren had been striped of his Force abilities That was a horror Hux didnt want to think about. Control. He had to keep himself in control. He had to remain calm. Or at least calm enough. In this moment, he was glad that hed insisted on Kylo having a small tracker placed on his person. It was a tiny item really, barely the size of a coin, slipped between the layers of fabric that made up the Knights belt. Just in case something goes wrong, Kylo, Hux had told him. He didnt like the Knights plan, it was far too risky, and this could all too easily be a trap. Please, Kylo. This had been Huxs only condition. The entire rest of the secret rescue mission he had left in Kylos hands and, despite his misgivings about how Ren wanted to go about doing it, Hux had not discouraged him. He had simply nodded, watching as Rens enthusiasm about the mission had grown as he spoke more about it. He was excited to do this, despite how dire the circumstances were. Hux strongly suspected it was due to the bond to Mitaka that the Knight had gradually been forming over the past year, the almost friendship that they had developed. Doing this was important to Ren, being able to help another person. Hux would have been overjoyed, it the mission hadnt been so high risk. Hence the tracker which Kylo had finally and begrudgingly taken. And now it was blinking on his datapad, showing the Knights location in a system a few days away. Hux sat up, brushing away the tears of anger and frustration that were brimming in his eyes. There was no time for this. He had to go rescue his lover. And if he had to burn down the entire Galaxy to do so, by the Maker he would. Were coming, Kylo. Just hang on. --- Ren took slow, deep breaths. He was bound. He had been beaten and degraded. He was cut off from the Force. 'Just keep breathing', he told himself as he raised his head, trying to take stock of the room he was being held in. It was a small warehouse room from the barren look of it, a dirt floor and a single, flickering light overhead gave the place terrific ambiance. The chain that bound his hands back was slung over an exposed rafter and then tied down out of his reach. Carefully, Ren wriggled his shoulders, trying to see how much slack the chain had. He could do this. The Knight had freed himself from bonds before. He couldnt count on anyone coming for him. He certainly wasnt expecting rescue, it had been his own plan that had failed after all. Taking another deep breath Ren stilled himself, gathering his strength and preparing his body for what it was about to go through. The Knight jumped, tucking his legs close to his body and angling himself so his momentum carried him backwards. His shoulders protested at the sudden added strain as he forced himself to flip backwards, through the small gap that his arms made from the angle they were bound at. For a terrifying moment he was afraid that hed gotten stuck half-way but then his shoulders rolled and gravity took care of the rest. A moan of relief left him as his body righted itself and the pressure was taking off his shoulders and back. For a few seconds he just stood there, trembling in relief. Good. This was good. He looked up the chain, trying to gauge if he could break it or the beam it was slung over, it looked like it would hold. The single light in the room was connected to the same beam. If Ren could break it and get a decent sized piece of wire from it then he could pick the lock on his cuffs With a grunt he jumped again, grabbing the chain that held him prisoner and started to climb up it. It was slow with his hands bound as tightly as they were but he finally hauled himself up to the beam. He sat there panting, his arms aching, trying to give himself a moment to recover. Once he smashed the light, he would be in darkness. He would have to pick the lock by feel. Carefully he scooted down to the light and kicked at it till half of it broke. He reached down, legs wrapped around the beam to keep himself from falling and cracking his skull open and grabbed at one of the torn wires and gave it a tug. There was a small jolt of electricity that went through him and he grit his teeth against it. No. No he would not think about that now. There would be plenty of time to weep over his weaknesses later. Now he needed to get free. Then get the collar off. He gave the wire another yank and it came free of the lights housing and the room plunged into darkness. --- Twenty minutes later, Kylo Ren limped out of the room. The hallway that he was presented with was startlingly white. He had to close his eyes against it, the color seemed so bright. There seemed to two directions, left or right. Neither looked better or worse than the other and without the Force he had no guidance. Kylo chose to go left. He walked, surprised by the lack of guards and lack of droids. Lack of pretty much everything except the overly bright white. And quiet. It was in fact so quiet that he was fairly certain he could hear his own blood racing through his veins. It was unsettling. Where the hell was he? A single sound echoed down the hall from the direction that hed come from. Ren paused, tilting his head and listening to it, trying to identify what it was. Then he was plunged into darkness. The sound stopped. All that could be heard was Kylo Rens unsteady breathing. Then something grabbed him. It was bigger then he was, stronger too and he cried out, struggling against it in the darkness. Kicking, clawing and snarling like a creature gone feral. Something sharp pierced his neck and pushed something icy into his veins. Ren jerked and twisted, trying to get away. He fell to the floor and the lights came back on. He was alone in the hallway. Ren brought a hand up to rub his neck where hed been pricked. A small smear of blood came away from it and he picked himself up off the ground. What had they done to him? This had to be Ematts doing. He needed to get out of there! The sound came from down the hall again. This time Kylo ran in the opposite direction, not waiting to see if the same scenario replayed itself. He ran like his life depended on it, his system flooded with fear and adrenaline. How the hell did he get out of here? There were no other doors! No vents! Nothing! It was all and seamless stretch of white that was threatening to burn out his eyes. Then abruptly the hall came to an end and Ren slammed into it at full run. What? he whispered. No! No. No. No. he pounded his fists against the wall, ran his fingers over it, trying to find a weak spot. To find something. Anything! Im so very disappointed in you, my Apprentice, an icy, familiar voice came from behind him. Kylo whirled around, coming face to face with the disfigured visage of his Master. But how had Snoke gotten here? Had he been here the whole time? Was this a test? You have failed me, yet again, Snoke scowled. How pathetic. A long fingered hand slowly extended towards Kylo. No. No, Master, please! Kylo was pressing himself back against the wall, hoping that somehow it might give way and allow him an escape. He wasnt so lucky. Snokes hand closed over the top of his hand and Kylo felt the pressure of his Master tearing through his mind with the Force and then squeezing down on his lungs, threatening to stop his heart. Kylo screamed, collapsing on the floor, twisting and writhing in agony. --- From the observation room Caluan Ematt raised his eyebrows. Well, that reaction was unexpected. He made a note in his datapad. Day 0. 1400. Subject shows an extreme reaction to being injected with Compound 49-98R. Coupled with the Force dampening collar, subject is unable to purge his system of the Compound, resulting in panic, hysteria, both audio and visual hallucinations and causing the subject to experience pain. If the pain is associated with a past event or an invention of the subjects own mind remains to be seen. --- The world came back to Ren in small parts. He was breathing. His body was whole. And he was still painfully alone, cut off from the Force. Ren cracked his eyes open, afraid to be greeted with the burning white hallway again, or worse, his Master. But neither were there. Instead his world was bathed in a red light. Slowly he sat up, fingers going to anxiously tug at the metal band around his neck. He tugged at it for several seconds, hoping to find a catch, or release that might get it off him. Or perhaps that he might even break it if he pulled hard enough. The metal remained around his neck. Briefly he thought of Hux, of the black collar that Ren had forged for him. The one that instantly quieted the red heads overworked mind and made him so beautifully submissive. This this was nothing like that. This was something that was being used to hurt him, to control him. Cut him off from the Force and effectively hobble him. But all the same, if he got out of this, Kylo was certain that no collar or leash would ever touch his neck again. He would die before this happened again Ren shuddered, he would die here if he wasnt careful. He would never see Hux again. Or Phasma. Or even Mitaka. Briefly he hoped that the Lieutenant and his fiancee had gotten back to the old Star Destroyer safely. Had they even made it there yet? What day was it? He had no way to gauge the passage of time in this hallway. He sniffled, brushing his hand against the back of his nose and pushed himself to his feet. He had to keep moving. Had to find a way out. Get this damn collar off. The red light above him clicked off, sinking him into darkness. The rest of the hall remained soaked in red light however. Ren took a step out of the shadows and back into the light, feeling something snap at his heels as he did. He whirled around and saw nothing, except darkness starting back at him. Again the light where he stood clicked off. Ren moved down the hall, back into the red light. Something crackled in the darkness and shower of sparks leapt at him, Kylo retreated from it. Further down the hall the red lights began clicking off. One. By. One. And there was nothing he could do to stop them. The darkness was coming for him. The electricity crackled at his back again, making the hairs on his neck stand on end. Then he saw the door to his right. Kylo ran to it. He slammed his body against it, twisting the handle frantically as the lights around him continued to go out and the air became thick with the smell of burning electricity. No, he whispered. Please, no, no, no. He slammed his shoulder into the door again. He kicked at it as hard as he could. But nothing seemed to make it willing to open. The last light went out and he was back in darkness, his hands desperately clutching the doorknob. Then the shock tore through his body. Ren screamed in pain until he couldnt breathe, certain his heart would stop before the electricity that ripped through him did. Then it stopped and he slumped forward on the door and it opened, sending him sprawling forward onto the floor of the room behind it. Hastily he scrambled to shut the door against whatever was lurking in the halls and then turned to look at the room he was in, wiping drool, tears and blood from his face. This room was bathed in green light and stank of chemicals and rot. There were tables set up. Machines. It looked like it had been part of an old laboratory at some point. Perhaps then he could find a tool to break this collar off! Ren approached the tables, taking care not to look too closely at what was left behind in petri dishes and jars of preservatives. He picked through the tools, finding tweezers, probes, and more disturbingly a rusted bonesaw and a scalpel that had been left in the remains of some dead creature. Nothing he could use. He would have had been luck if hed stumbled into a garage. He needed a file or something he could apply enough crushing force with to shatter the metal. Frantically, Ren began throwing open cabinets and upending drawers onto the floor, looking for something. Anything! He sank to the floor in the middle of the mess hed made, sobbing and hyperventilating. Frantically he began to tear at his own neck in a wild effort to get the collar off him, heedless to the damage that he caused to himself. The electricity ripped through him again and Ren wailed. It was the collar itself that was the source! Not only was it cutting him off from the Force, it was being used to hurt him, as if he were a simple beast! Just as Snoke had done A whimper left Ren as the pain finally subsided, his limbs were twitching and his heart was skipping beats. He hurt everywhere and he was thirsty. So thirsty. The sink! There had been a large sink, surely there might be wrench or a small soldering iron or something underneath there! Sinks leaked all the time, there had to be something! He crawled over to the sink, pulling its cabinet doors open and blindly reaching inside. His fingers came into contact with something damp and metallic, Ren pulled it out. It was a large wrench, perhaps it could crack the collar? Twisting the wrench open Ren wedged the collar into its mouth and started to twist the clamp down as tight as it would go. Then he yanked upwards as hard as he could, using the long handle of the wrench to give himself more leverage. Yet the collar remained stubbornly in place and he only succeeded in bruising his neck. Fuck! he swore and threw the wrench across the room in frustration. Ren reached under the sink again desperate to find away to get the collar off. His searching was interrupted by a hissing sound. He jumped to his feet, wishing he hadnt thrown the wrench now. Wishing he had his lightsaber. Some way to defend himself against whatever hell was trapped in here with him. But there was nothing in sight. The hissing continued. The gas valves! He realized, a hand going over his mouth in effort to try and keep whatever poison was leaking out of the values out of his lungs. He looked for a way out of the room, any way other then the door he had come through. But there were not ventilation shafts, no windows. No way out but how hed come in. Ren coughed and gagged on the gas that was leaking into the room. His eyes were watering, his throat was burning and he could hear screams echoing in his ears. The other Apprentices hed killed. The other Force-sensitive children hed killed rather than bring to Snoke to suffer a fate worse than death. The Resistance members who had screamed as hed ripped information from their minds. All of their accusing cries echoing in his head. Monster! Murderer! Ben how could you? You ruined everything! His own mothers voice joined their lamentations. This is your fault! All of it! Youre dangerous! Too dangerous to be around! Unstable dangerous. Too much Vader in him His fathers voice. We need to send him away. Traitor! Huxs voice was in his head now too. How could you betray me? Monster! Murderer! Failure! Prove your worth to me, Apprentice. Ren screamed, hunching over, clutching his head in agony as the voices grew in volume in his mind. Then he ran. He didnt care what was waiting for him in the darkened hallway, any monster was better than being trapped in that room. Ren burst through the door and into brilliant, blinding light. Someone or something was grabbing at him, but his panic and adrenaline pushed him through, putting him beyond their reach. There was the sound of blaster fire behind him and someone yelling to keep him alive. Kylo ran faster, he passed the room he had originally been bound in, sprinting passed it. Then he saw the double doors at the end of the hallway. Had they been there previously? He wasnt sure, but there were there now! A way out! He pushed the doors open, running into what he hoped was a hanger Solid white for as far as the eye could see. He turned around and around. The doors that had let him gain access to the room had vanished and he was trapped in a endless dome of white. A strangled wail left his throat. Not more of this! This too bright, too clean, sterile white. This white that would burn out his eyes and rip away his memories and his mind until he was nothing more than a drooling sack of flesh. Ren fell to his knees, curling in on himself and hiding his head in his arms, sobbing. The voices in his head were slowly quieting and the Knight tried to center himself. Tried to draw himself down into that endless well of darkness that was within himself. If he could not escape by a physical means, then he could retreat within himself. Bury himself deep in the layers of memories, surround himself with ice until nothing could harm him. But he was without the Force and the deeper he went within his own mind the worst it all became. There was no escape, from outside or within. Kylo Ren didnt even look up when the sound of footsteps echoed in the dome. Didnt raise his head when Caluan Ematt jeered at him. Didnt respond to being kicked over and over again. He simply waited for the end to come. Or for the next torture to start. Ren was silently grateful when his vision finally went black from a blow to his head and he could no longer see the white room. --- General Organa, Ematt nodded his head to the woman in the hologram before him. I have some good news in these dark times. And what would that be, Major? We are in dire need of good news. I have managed to detain Kylo Ren. There is silence for several minutes. Did I hear you correctly Major? Organa sounds almost suspicious of this news. You did, behold, Ematt took a step to the side so that the bound Knight was within the frame. Kylos arms were tied so he was eagle spread and his legs were shackled beneath him. His head hung so his chin almost touched his chest, his hair obscuring his face. Ematt grabbed the Knight by his hair and yanked his head up so his General could see his face. Leia stiffened at the sight of her son. Ematt was babbling something, something inane about projects and upper hands and advancements. But Leia could only see her son, the boy that Ematt had failed to recognize. Bens eyes were glazed, his face bloody and bruised, and his body was thin, a far cry from how hed been a year and a half ago when shed encountered him on Nilash. He looked broken. What had the First Order done to him? She couldnt sense him through the Force, despite seeing him right in front of her. Something was terribly wrong! I hope that by having him in custody we can gain information about the First Order and bring this monster to justice for all the pain he has caused, especially to you, General Organa, Ematt was looking entirely too pleased with himself. There had been no official report on what had happened to Ben Solo after Luke and his apprentices had been attacked. Naturally rumors had grown, the most prominent had been in an attempt to destroy the will of the Resistance General, Kylo Ren had slain her son that night. It is my hope that you will join me in my interrogation of him, General. He has been stubbornly silent, but may yet have useful information for us. I dare not transport him. The First Orders activity is heavy in this sector and I lost many fine soldiers to bring him into custody. I understand your concerns Major, Leia forced herself to reply, tearing her eyes away from Bens. He was staring at her image like she was his last hope or a dream. But she could not reveal him, it would be the death of him for certain and bring her leadership into question. I will leave tonight and be at your location tomorrow. Ren stared at the hologram before him. He couldnt believe it was real. That his mother was there. That his mother was coming! But there had been no flicker of recognition in her eyes when theyd looked at each other. No, she had remained stone cold and unmoved by the sight of him. The realization of it hit him worse than any torture hed endured in the past seven days. His mother had forsaken him. He was too far lost for even her to acknowledge. Just a monster. He was truly dead to her. Ren let his head drop as Ematt droned on and his mother- no. General Organa responded. She was his mother no longer. She had abandoned him. Just like everyone else had. Finally the holocall ended and Ematt had left, taking the light with him and plunging Rens holding cell into darkness and eerie silence. Just like the white hallway and white dome. Perfectly silent so the Knight could hear his own blood rushing through his veins, and his breathing seemed too loud. A sob shook him. He could endure no more. Seven days. For seven days this had gone on. He had fought. He had tried to escape. Each time he dared to hope that he might have found a way out of this hell he would find himself wandering down that long white hallway. The deprivation of food and water he could stand. He was used to such mechanisms, it was more difficult without the Force, but bearable. It was the least of his worries. It was the complete isolation from the Force that ate away at him. He had no shield, no place to retreat to, nothing to grant him solace or give him strength. The injections that they gave him when he was plunged into darkness made him live through nightmares, and memories that he thought would tear him apart. Made him hear voices, feel his heart race and his senses start to fail him as he swung rapidly from total sensory deprivation to the all too vivid recollections that his own mind held. Things that hed desperately tried to bury long ago. His anger at his confinement, his rage at what was being done to him soon burned through him. Exhausted him. By the third day his rage had been replaced with fear. His escape attempts became more desperate. He could no longer stand the stark darkness or the blazing white and the stomach-turning silence that came with each. It came to a point where he would welcome the beatings, the soldiers holding his head underwater until his lungs burned and his body thrashed as he came closer and closer to drowning. On the fifth day he hadnt tried to escape at all. Instead, focusing all his attention on frantically trying to get the collar off. It was a futile effort, that only ended with it electrocuting him until his heart skipped beats and he was bleeding from his nose and choking on his own drool. On this day, the seventh day, he had given up. He wanted to die. Mitaka was not coming back for him. Hux wasnt coming back for him. Perhaps they were all dead? Perhaps he himself was dead and this was his hell for all the evil hed done? Ren sobbed. He did not think anything could have been worse than what Snoke had put him through. How wrong he had been! Because whatever they injected him with made it replay in his mind over and over again. Every evil, every mistake, everything all dragged forward and put on display. Im sorry, Ren whispered in the darkness. Im so sorry. Please just kill me. Please. --- The holocall ended and Leia Organa sat down heavily at her desk, her head in her hands. Ematt would never let Ben go and she dare not reveal that the son so many now thought dead was actually alive and working for the First Order. What had happened to Ben since shed last seen him? He looked so hopeless, so helpless. What had Snoke done to him? How had he managed to get captured? Too many questions and not enough time to find answers. She needed Ben out of Ematts custody, quickly. She needed him safe. While Ematt was dedicated and unwavering in his loyalty to her and the Resistance, just as he had been twenty years ago to the Rebellion, this was something he would never understand. He would see it as a betrayal. A scandal that could well destroy the Resistance and open the way for the First Order to gain momentum. No. She could not acknowledge Ben, she could not save him. But there was someone who could. Her next holocall was received by one Wookie who was very happy to see her. Hi Chewie, she smiled. Is Han around? The Wookie made a series of grunts and growls and then disappeared out of frame to reappear dragging Han into the holocalls frame. And what do I owe the pleasure of this late night call, Princess? Han offered her a smirk that was as dashing as it was mind numbingly aggravating. If the situation hadnt been so dire, she might have entertained his proposition. Our son is in trouble, Han. All cocky flirtation vanished as did her husbands smirk. Ben? What happened? Where is he? Caluan Ematt has him on Yavin 4. But something isnt right! Han, I cant sense him! A bit of panic crept into Leias voice and Hans eyes went wide. He might not be Force-sensitive, but having married into a family where that seemed to be the dominate trait, hed rapidly had to learn. And Leia not being able to sense their son through the Force was right up there on the list of things are very bad, along with Luke mentioning disturbances in the Force. You think the Order did something to him? I dont know, but Ematt doesnt recognize him! He cant be allowed to find out! Han, you have to get him out of there before I get there! And how am I supposed to do that? Youre the smuggler! Smuggle him out! Leia exclaimed. Off screen she heard Chewie make a growl of amusement and Han glared at him. All right. Dont worry, Princess, well get him, Han promised her. Well bring him home. Well make this right. ---- Hux looked down at the tracker. It showed Ren as only being a few hundred meters from them. It took everything in his power to remain calm as he and Mitaka were dressed in nondescript, black tactical gear and crouched in the dark building across the street from the Resistance base The flight to Yavin 4 had been a tense one. As Mitaka had piloted Rens ship and Hux worked on reports, trying to give off an air of indifference. But when the tracker had cut out inexplicably the General had nearly thrown his datapad across the small shuttle. Fortunately for both of them it came back online a few seconds later. Mitaka had tried to stay on the opposite side of the craft from the seething redhead and the tracker continued to flicker in and out. Electrical pulses, strong ones, Hux had told the Lieutenant. The tracker is shielded but too much damage to it will eventually short it out. I cant make the ship go any faster sir, Im sorry, Mitaka looked absolutely devastated. Hux sighed. It was wrong of him to blame Mitaka. It could have happened to anyone, they were just lucky that it had Mitaka and not some other officer who had weaker loyalties. I know. It is what Ematt is doing that worries me Hux trailed off, he could not reveal too much. Mitaka still believed that Ren and Phasma were together, it would not help anyone for the Lieutenant to see that he was being deceived. At least not right now, with things hanging so precariously. Sir? Mitaka asked. If your fears are confirmed Lieutenant, then we will have to expect the worst, Hux looked at him. Force-users greatest asset is their minds, if they have  if they have broken him then he may not recognize us. He may attack us or worse. You must not hesitate to take him down if we have to. I I understand Sir. No matter what though, we are setting these charges and blowing that fucking Resistance base to hell. And we will bring Ren back, let us just hope it is not in a body bag, Hux had glanced at the other bag in the small cabin of the shuttle that was filled with charges. Get Ren out, blow the place up. Simple. Easy. But that didnt ease any of Huxs simmering ire. If Ren was dead, there would be no place in the Galaxy that the Resistance would be able to hide. But since theyd landed on the planet, Rens tracker had remained steady. Which meant either Ren was dead or his captors had given him a reprieve, Hux prayed to the Maker that it was the latter. He looked over at Mitaka, the other man was crouched next to him, scanning building schematics on his data that theyd gotten by hacking through the poor excuse for a firewall that guarded the computer network of the Resistance base. Theyd been planetside for roughly three hours and Hux knew the longer they stayed the lower their chances of success. But they could not go in blind, not with so much at stake. This place is huge, half of it is underground the Lieutenant whispered as his eyes looked over the building layout. I.. I dont like this. Mitaka was shaking his head. Just find out where hes kept, Hux snapped. The tracker was only so reliable and Hux didnt want to take the chance of it being wrong with them so close to their goal. Hang on Kylo . Mitaka nodded, swiping the schematics aside and starting to search through other files. There was so much information! Most of it was beyond his scope of understanding, chemical formulas and charts, notes that referenced other notes and experimental trials. The more he searched the deeper the rabbit hole went. But then he found something that made his throat close up. Mitaka read it once. Then twice. He scanned the second page of the document. There was a video embedded at the end of it. Mitaka plugged in a earpiece to the datapad and pressed play. His face blanched and then he jumped as a scream filled the earpiece and he tore it off his ear, slamming the datapad into the ground to hide the images. Hux glanced at the Lieutenant with a frown, slowly Mitaka met his gaze. General. What, Mitaka? Hux snarled. You might want to see this. Mitaka passed the datapad and the earpiece to Hux who took the items with a frown. What is it? Hux asked suspiciously. I I think its what theyve been working on. Why they needed Ren what theyre doing to him, Mitaka whispered. He was shaking and Hux reached out, putting a hand on the other mans shoulder, giving it a squeeze before he returned his attention to the datapad. PROJECT FORCE CHOKE With the resurgence of Force-Sensitives and their uncertain loyalties, steps must be taken to contain their powers, temporarily or permanently, until they can be determined to not be a threat to the Republic. With the slaughter of Luke Skywalkers apprentices by Dark Side Force-User Kylo Ren and Skywalkers subsequent shunning of his responsibilities to the Republic and Galaxy itself by going AWOL, it is clear that Force-Sensitives are neither emotionally nor mentally stable enough to handle the terrible powers bestowed upon them. Too many wars have been fought due to such powerful beings toying with the minds of others and seeking to manipulate the workings of the Galaxy. Too many lives have been lost and with the threat of the First Order ever looming and their alliance with the Knights of Ren it has become necessary to put contingencies in place. PROJECT FORCE CHOKE is dedicated to the study of midichlorians, how they are genetically and environmentally linked to those who express their powers and how those powers may be controlled. The goals of the project are as follows: - to find a way to subdue and restrain Force-Users, regardless of which end of the spectrum they may fall under -to see if a Force-User, once cut off from the Force, can ever regain access to it, while under the influence of chemical and electrical dampeners -to test the endurance of Force-Users when they are cut off from the Force compared to when they have full access to their powers -to control how much power a Force-User has access to via chemical dampeners -to purge a beings system of midichlorians and prevent reinfection -to prevent initial infection of a being by the midichlorians -to extract memories from a Force-Users mind during interrogation Hux had to look away from the datapad. He felt like he was going to be sick and he realized that the hand hed put on Mitakas shoulder was clenching the other man so tightly that it would probably bruise the next day. Slowly, Hux let go of the Lieutenants shoulder. And to think that the so-called, compassionate, General Organa endorses this, he spat, letting his bitterness show. She turns a blind eye, Mitaka whispered. Ematt told me so, bragged about it even. His operations, his interrogation techniques, everything he does, theyre all dark. Top secret, classified. I I dont even think that the Republic Senate knows what hes doing. But this  Hux flipped through the documents, feeling his rage growing inside him. Mitaka might not know Rens connection to the Resistance, but Hux did. And that made it all the worse. This is expensive. He must have funding from somewhere. A massive amount of it at that. Hux came to a gallery of videos. There were hundreds of them, but the most recent were from the past week. His finger hesitated over one of them, shaking slightly. Then he pressed the play button. Subject 28, formally known as Kylo Ren, Ematts voice came from off camera as the image came into focus to show Ren, curled up into a ball on the floor of a bright white room. Subject 28 has shown a high level of reactivity to Compound 49-98R when administered via injection and gaseous form, but not in the way we had hoped. While it triggers memory recall, it does not force the projection of them that we have hoped for. Further development is needed. Side effects are different for Subject 28 than other Force-Users. Subject 28 experiences acute visual, audio and tactile hallucinations. Hypothesis: this is related to his use of the Dark end of the Force Spectrum. Ematt fell silent for a moment before continuing again. Subject 28 nearly overrode the Force dampening collar and displayed remarkable resistance during initial exposure to Compound 635-4 when released via explosive gas. However, prolonged isolation from the Force coupled with Break In Procedures 45-E, 36-TV and 96-W have effectively broken down his resistance. Today we will be administering Compound 7. Inside the room, three people dressed in white approached the Knight and bodily hauled him to his feet. Instantly, Ren began to thrash against them, kicking and screaming, pleading for it to stop. Hux jerked back at the screams that came through the earbuds. He watched a few mores seconds of the clip, as they pressed a needle to Rens neck and then released him. Ren collapsed and Huxs face went pale as Ren started to thrash about on the ground, screaming unintelligibly. The video became grainy, fuzzy and Ematt was yelling for his personnel to get out of the room. The video cleared for a moment and then cut out entirely. It came back on a few seconds later and the view was much changed. The white room was no longer white. Red splatters painted three different parts of it and the bright lights overhead were sparking, half of them had gone out. The glass that separated Ematt from Ren had a large crack running down its center. Ren sat, half in darkness, half in light in the room, rocking back and forth on his knees, his head clutched in his hands. ImsorryImsorryImsorry, he mumbled over and over, his words slurring together as he sobbed. Then the video cut out entirely, ending. Hux let out a breath that he didnt know he had been holding. His hands were shaking and he made no effort to hide it. It was taking all his focus to not throw the datapad across the dark room they were hiding in. Slowly, he forced himself to remain calm. To not give in to the urge to simply walk up to the front door and start shooting everyone in that Maker-forsaken base. Download it. All of it. He told Mitaka, once he was sure his voice wouldnt break as he handed the datapad back to him. Already have, Sir, Mitaka said quietly. Lord Ren is being held on the second sub-level. There are a total of fifty personnel at this location, half of them are researchers. We should have no problem getting to him. It would seem that Ematt has left for the night however Mitaka scanned the memos hed gotten access to. Theyre expecting company later tonight. . Sir, General Organa is en route to this base! Then we must move quickly. Ren and this research cannot stay in Resistance hands! Hux grit out. Oh, how he would deal with Caluan Ematt, but later. There would be time to put the old mans head on a metaphorical stake once Ren was safe. Our priority is getting Ren and destroying the base. Is there a central core we can damage? Weve got a massive power generator that will shut down life support to all the lower levels; that is, if the explosion doesnt incinerate them first, the Lieutenant said after a moment of looking at the schematics again. I knew there was a reason we liked you, Mitaka, Hux grinned. There was a mania bubbling inside him. An insane predatory urge to simply end everyone in that building. Side entrance we can use that will be dependable? Found one. Exterior alarms? None, this is a dark base. The locals dont even know what is below the surface. They think it's just a recruitment office. There are patrol droids however and interior alarms that we will trip unless we can disable them. We can deal with droids easily, can you take out the alarms? Hux reached into the bag on the floor. He pulled two carbines and a hand blaster from it, slinging them over his back as he holstered the blaster. I can, give me a moment to freeze them. Good. Youre on ballistics duty Mitaka, you know more of what youre looking to blow up than I do, Hux passed the bag of explosives to the Lieutenant Yes, sir! --- They gained access to the building easily enough. There was no sound, no alarms. Hux glanced at his datapad, three hundred meters. Which way? he whispered to Mitaka as they pressed themselves against the wall and made their way down the darkened corridor. Were going to take the first left we come to. There is a stairwell immediately on the right, go down a single flight, Mitaka told him, moving ahead of the General slightly and dropping into a crouch. Hux moved up to his position, waited for a breath and then moved forward to take the point position. They encountered nothing down that long hallway. There were several doors that were sorely tempting to open, but Hux resisted. Their time was extremely limited, and they could not be distracted. Even for a small base, the importance of this project was so weakly protected, their access had been gained so easily, it only added to the nagging feeling that perhaps there was a grander design behind it all. They went down the stairs, bathed in a green light and Hux felt his pulse rate jump up a notch. Mitaka, do you have any idea what is on the other side of this door? he asked quietly, his hand resting on the handle, about to pull it open. And once we are inside, this exit may be cut off to us, what is our secondary escape route? Just a hallway. Lord Ren is being kept in a room in the center of itperhaps two hundred meters? But this looks like the only way in or out of this level. Then we need to be prepared to fight if necessary, Hux checked his carbine, ridiculous as it was to do so, hed not spent a single bolt. Where is the generator? Top floor, in a maintenance closet. Opposite side from where we entered. Hux grit his teeth and let out a slow breath. Go back up and set the charges. Give me ten minutes. If Im not back- Youll come back! Mitaka cut him off, his voice raising and echoing slightly in the stairwell. Youll come back and Ren will too and were all going to get out this time! No more leaving people behind! The Lieutenants eyes went wide as he realized what hed just said to his commanding officer. Hux snorted and then laughed softly. Kylo Ren has certainly rubbed off on you Lieutenant. He sobered. Ten minutes. Good luck, Sir. The same to you, Dopheld. --- The hallway that Hux found himself in was a brilliant white. He noticed the door had no handle on the other side of it. Not feeling like being trapped in the hallway, Hux slipped his black tactical hat between the door and its frame, leaving a tiny crack, just enough to allow him to pull the door back open. Then he looked back down the white hall, his eyes narrowing against the brightness of it. White torture. Ematt could all it whatever procedure he wanted, but Hux knew it for what it was, had seen what it could do. It was a torture that the First Order didnt use on the simple fact that it caused insanity in most cases and information from someone who had lost their grip on reality was hardly reliable. It made Huxs stomach twist. The sensory deprivation, coupled with cutting Ren off from the Force would devastate the dark haired man. Hux started to walk down the hall, his bootsteps echoing loudly, making his skin crawl. He heard the sound starting behind him. The faint white noise, the fuzzy buzzing that made ones brain itch and and hands twitch. He gave himself a shake, trying to brush it away as if it were an annoying bug. The noise did not let up. Hux walked faster. He knew how this type of torture worked. The second he gave into it, gave into the fear, he would be lost. At the far end of the hall the lights started to go out. One by one. Hux kept walking, forcing himself to be calm. Then the entire hall went dark and Hux froze, straining his ears, listening for anything that might have joined him in the darkness. There was the slightest brushing of cloth to his right. He turned and fired the carbine in the direction of the noise. In the flash of the blaster bolt he saw a mans face. But there was no time to think about it. Someone grabbed his shoulder and he whirled, slamming the stock of the carbine into his assailant and firing again. Hux stayed very still in the darkness, and then took a step forward. His boots echoed once on the floor and then he was pulled off his feet and found his world of blackness flipped upside down as something dangled him from his ankle. The General grabbed his blaster, firing towards where he guessed his attacker was, then twisting around and firing again. He was dropped back to the ground and he pulled a glo stick from his belt, snapping it and shaking it hastily to give himself a light source. For all the things that men fear in the dark, nothing is quite as terrifying as the simple unknown. The dim green light revealed not a monster, not some hulking robot. But simply a small group of humans. Two were dressed in lab coats, three more were in combat gear. Three of which were lying dead or dying on the ground. You arent supposed to be here! This area of off limits to civilians! Youre going to have to come with us! One of their remaining members spoke. Hux snorted and grinned. No. No, I think not. He tossed the glo stick to the ground, letting it roll between himself as his attackers. Then he opened fire, rushing forward as he did, grabbing one of the men in a lab coat and using him as a shield while the other soldiers fired on him. He twisted, shooting once, twice, a shot for each soldier. Then he shoved the scientist he was using as a hostage forward at the last soldier and grabbing his carbine off the floor he opened fire on both of them. The fight was brief, but loud, the blaster shots would easily alert other personnel of his presence. The last lab coat had tried to run and Hux shot him in the back, the shot was low, not killing him, but effectively crippling him. The General stalked down the hall to where he lay. Please! Please I have a family! the man was blubbering as he tried to crawl away from Hux. The General put his boot on the mans head. So do I, he purred softly in the darkness, the green light of his glo stick not reaching far enough to illuminate them. And you hurt one of them. So what do you think Im going to do to you? Please! Please dont! You deserve far worse than this, but Im short on time. Hux shot the man in the head, cursing him and heading back to where his glo stick lay on the floor. There was the sound of other people running down the stairs now, the rest of the base had been alerted. Hux took a slow breath in and let it out, turning to face the door to the stairs as it opened and soldiers poured in. The General had one last thought before his vision went red and he finally gave into the rage that had been building inside his chest: Please dont let them have found Mitaka. Carbine in hand he started firing. The next several minutes were a blur. The darkness illuminated only by blaster fire and the light from the stairwell. Hux never paused. Never hesitated. There was only one door and all the soldiers couldnt get through at once. The bodies started to pile up. Someone threw a grenade down the hall and Hux rolled out of the way as it went off, shaking the building. His ears were ringing and smoke was starting to choke him, but he moved forward now. Fueled by rage, by anger. This was different than the battlefield. This was personal. He wanted to hurt each and every last one of them for what theyd done to Ren. What theyd put him through. What theyd done to his Lieutenant and fiance. Hux would see them all burn if he got the chance. His carbine was close to overheating in his hands and he paused his firing in favor of smashing one of his attackers faces in. He tore through the remaining handful of soldiers and staggered into the stairwell again, shoving one of them over the railing to his death and stomping anothers skull open on the steps. A bolt grazed his shoulder and snapped him back to reality. He turned and fired again and the last soldier fell. And then he was alone, breathing heavily. His hands and boots covered in blood and the rest of him covered in sweat. Kylo he whispered, like a man waking from a dream, he remembered the reason for his being there in the first place and ran back down the hall. --- Kylo didnt look up when the door opened. Someone was speaking, but the words seemed far away. What did it matter? They were just going to torture him more, but perhaps today would be the day the let him die? Perhaps, finally, this nightmare would end? A warm hand touched his face and Ren jerked back in shock, whimpering. Kylo, Huxs voice reached him. Go away, Ren whispered weakly. He wasnt going to fall for this again! This trick of making him think someone had cared enough to come for him. That he might be saved from this hell. Kylo, it's me! Huxs voice again. How dare they use his voice! How dare they take this last precious thing! I wont fall for it again, Kylo whispered. I know you arent real. Hux isnt coming back for me no one is Slowly Kylo raised his head to stare up at his tormentor. He found himself staring into Huxs face. They were both washed in a green glo stick that Hux was holding above their heads. What did they do to you? Huxs voice was pained and he reached out again to stroke Kylos face. Ren was so shell shocked that he didnt pull away. The touch was so warm, so gentle. A dry sob broke from the Knight. You arent real! You cant be! No one is coming! He jerked away from the touch, his chest heaving with tears he was too dehydrated to cry. Kylo, a rnsearc , Huxs voice was shaking now. No, were getting you out of here. Ren looked back at Hux. Was this his Hux? His General? Was this actually real? The other man dropped the glo stick on the ground and pulled a knife from his belt, cutting away at the crude ropes that held Ren captive. The Knight collapsed forward as his first arm came free and Hux slid himself under Rens shoulder to support him so he wouldnt completely fall to the ground. Easy, Im going to cut this next one, Hux told him. The Knight realized that meant that he should find his feet, that he needed to stand, but his legs wouldnt respond and when Hux cut the next rope Ren fell like a dead weight on top of the General. The fall to the floor hurt, and Ren cried out softly when he landed, his body trembling. But then Hux was there, moving underneath him and around him, pulling the loosely wrapped shackles off his legs. Then the green glo stick was being held close to his face and Ren shied away from it with a noise of fear. It's okay Kylo, let me see you. a rnsearc , let me see your face, Hux whispered to him, a warm hand on his shoulder. Is it really you, Hux? Kylo peeked at him from behind his mess unwashed and unruly hair. It is. It's me, you know me, Hux told him. I know you. Your favorite color is red. You trained for a time under the last Nightsister, Lady Shelish. You taught me how to throw a punch, how to physically defend myself. You saved my life on Nilash when I got shot. You deflected an orbital strike on Chelloa to save Phasma. You.. youre the only one who can give me my name back. Huxs voice trembles. Please, Kylo it's me. We didnt leave you behind. We never will. I swear it. Hux? Kylo whispers, still afraid. Still so afraid. So terrified. My Feidhelm? Huxs eyes sweep closed and his throat works tightly for a moment. Yes, his voice breaks and he opens his eyes again, meeting Kylos gaze. Hux! Ren launches himself forward and into the Generals arms, hugging him tightly, hiding his bruised and bloody face against Huxs tactical jacket. He breathes the General in, needing to know that it is him. Yes, yes this smells like Hux, Hux who is warmth and life itself and so filled with passion. He smells like scent of freshly pressed and laundered clothes, the slight hint of sweat beneath it and the faintest traces of his non-standard -issued soap that always makes Ren think of milk and honey and almonds when he smells it. Huxs arms go around him, cradling him close, rocking him as Ren sobs into his chest. Shhhh, Ive got you Ren. It's okay. Its okay, Ive got you. My Knight, my brave Knight. Hux whispers to him over and over, moving one hand to stroke his hair back, trying to be mindful of the tangles in it. Ren doesnt know for how long he cries, he doesnt even know where the tears come from, but Hux is here . Hux has come back for him! Hux wont abandon him, wont leave him for dead in this torturous hell! He never wants to let go of the General. But Hux is shifting, starting to move. Ren whimpers and clings tighter to him. Kylo we have to, we have to get out of here before Ematt comes back, Hux murmurs to him. Once were out of here, I will hold you for as long as you like. But we cant stay here . Ren we have to move! Kylo shudders. He knows Hux is right. But he is afraid! He is so afraid to try and leave again. Afraid of what will happen, when they get caught because Ematt will catch them. Ren starts to cry again, shaking from the force of his fear. Hux holds the other man closely, trying to console him, his mind racing as he tries to think of a way to get Ren to move again. Their window of opportunity is closing! Dont move! a voice comes from behind him, from the door and Hux turns his head, twisting and drawing his blaster to point it at the intruder. He hugs Kylo tighter against him, putting himself between the abused Knight and whoever this new attacker is. The man standing in the doorway is older for a moment Hux fears that it is Ematt, but no No his face is all wrong, hair is all wrong. This man is in a leather flight jacket, white shirt and dark pants, hes holding an emergency light in front of him and Hux can see his face. His face Huxs eyes go wide. This is too surreal, but the familial resemblance is too strong. Let the kid go, the man says. Why should I? Hux spits at him, keeping his blaster trained on the older man. Slowly the man approaches. Cause it's the right thing to do. Youre just a kid yourself, dont get mixed up in this, the mans voice is calming, almost carefree, as if they were discussing the weather. You know nothing about me! Hux snaps, hugging Ren closer to him. He will be damned if he gives Ren to the father who failed him. Just so the man can turn around and give him to Organa? I know that you took out all those guards but you arent from the First Order, the older man smiles. You dont know that, Hux retorts. Does this man really not know who he is? Has he been removed from the Resistance that long? Nah, theyre pretty egotistical. Have that redesigned Empire emblem everywhere. You dont strike me as that sort of person. I dont doubt that they hired you to steal my boy back from the Resistance, but the truth is kid, thats why Im here too. Hux is staring at the man incredulously. Stop calling me a kid, he snarled The man chuckles. Youre still wet behind the ears, now come on. Let me take him somewhere safe. I dont know whats been done to him, what the Order did, what Snoke might have done I- he sighs. I just want my family back together. I miss him. If he goes back to the First Order I dont know what theyll do to him. Huxs throat tightens and he feels the arm holding the gun on the older man start to tremble. His mother is the General of the Resistance, how would I know that hed be safe? That the Resistance wouldnt just use him the way the Order has? Im gonna take him somewhere away from all this, where the Order and the Resistance cant touch him. I promise, I would never knowingly hurt my own son, the man sighs again. Im running out of time here kid. We both are. Look, come with me. Ill even pay you double what the Order is paying you for this job. I dont care about the money! Hux snapped. I care about him being safe! he tries to keep his voice cold, callous, but it shakes. His heart feels like it is about to be ripped out of his chest. Ren had believed for so long that his father didnt care and yet here the man was, risking himself and his standing with the Resistance to save Kylo. To protect his son. This, Hux realized, was a fathers love. How a father should be. The revelation is bittersweet, as is the choice that now has to be made. Hux knew the Knight was not processing anything that was happening around him, if he had been in a state of mind where he was, Hux would have asked him what he wanted. Thats all I want too, come on. Let me have my son back. Come with us, the man offers his hand out to Hux. The redhead stares at him in the dim light of the glo stick. This was it. Their chance to escape No. Not theirs. He cant abandon the Order, not while Mitaka has Ashara there. Not with so much at stake right now. Besides even if this old smuggler didnt recognize him, Organa would, Hux would be killed instantly. And Hux would be damned if he defected to the Resistance. He has to let Ren go. Has to let him go back to his family. Has to give him this chance at freedom. At peace. Once Snoke catches wind of what has happened here, there is no telling what hell do to Ren if the Knight returns. Hux cannot take Ren back to Snoke, cannot bear the thought of what will happen to him No, this is the right choice. The only choice. Hux lowers his blaster. Okay. Take him somewhere safe. Promise me, Huxs voice is tight. Promise me that youll keep him safe! his voice is shaking too much and he feels tears pricking at his eyes. Hes holding Ren so tightly now that the Knight whimpers. I promise kid, you have my word. A sob that he cant stop leaves his throat and slowly Hux lets go of Ren. Okay Hurry up and take him. Ill stay back, Ill buy you time, distract Ematt. Kid you can come with us, the older man is moving forward now. You dont have to give up. By giving him to you, Im giving up my entire world, Hux looks up at him, the man, Rens father, Han Solo is standing over them. I cant follow. Take care of him. Han opens his mouth to say something but then his eyes roll back in his head and he collapses to the ground, on his knees, with a groan. Behind him Mitaka is lowering his gun. Hed struck the older man in the back of his head. Hux feels the bottom of his stomach drop out and he thinks for one awful moment he might be sick. Mitaka! We have three minutes to get out of here, Sir. Mitaka crouches next to them. We have to hurry! Hux takes a deep breath, nodding. Help me with him. Hes  having trouble. Mitaka nods and pulls Ren up by one arm, allowing Hux to move. He doesnt stand but leans forward, grabbing Hans shoulder. Listen to me Solo, he tells the stunned man in a hushed voice. You have to get out of here. Were blowing this place up. You have to get out! Solos eyes met his in the dim light of the glo stick, the smuggler is still dazed, but he nods and then Hux stands, pulling away and going to help Mitaka who is trying to keep Ren from collapsing again, leaving the older man to fend for himself. Ren whimpers, struggling briefly as he is pulled away from Hux, but once Hux is under a shoulder, supporting him, Ren calms a little. With their help he manages to make it up the stairs. Dimly, he thinks he hears the cry of a Wookie, but cant be certain. He thought for several minutes that Hux had been talking to his father. But he wasnt sure if that had been real or a dream. Everything was jumbled together, blurry and confusing. Then suddenly theyre on the street and the air is fresh, nothing has ever tasted sweeter to Ren in his entire life. The moon is hanging low in the sky and Hux and Mitaka are panting for breath as they all but drag him along. Mitaka is with them, Kylo realizes, actually processing this now. The Lieutenant had survived! Had escaped! Had come back for him with Hux! Behind them, there is an explosion that rocks the entire street. Ren flinches at the noise as they press against a building to take refuge in its shadow. He leans heavily on Hux, trembling. His entire body feels like it is not his own and it frightens him. Almost there, Hux promises him. Were almost there, a rnsearc , he whispers as Mitaka checks a map on his data pad. Two more blocks, the Lieutenants voice sounds distant and Ren cant tell if he is angry or if that is his own mind playing tricks on him. The world is starting to spin again and he almost collapses, but Hux and Mitaka both move to catch him. This way, Mitaka motions and they start to move again. --- The explosion shook the city, making the surrounding buildings trembled. They had only been a few blocks away, had General Organa arrived a few minutes earlier than they might have been inside the building. They could have been incinerated. Ematt is swearing next to her, frantically trying to raise people on the comm as he runs towards the base, leaving the General alone in the street. Leia simply watches as the flames rise into the night sky, she isnt sure if she feels dread or relief. Slowly she reaches out through the Force, searching for her son. But she finds nothing but silence. Something else touches her though. She carefully turns her attention to it. Fear. Overwhelming fear and then something that shines brightly through it all, like a beacon in the night. Love. The growl of a Wookie brings her back to the present and she turns. Chewbacca is approaching her now, Han walking along side him, a hand on the back of his head, rubbing it gingerly. Han! she rushes to him. What happened? Someone else got there before we did, he tells her quietly. A couple of kids. Kids? Yeah, around Bens age. I thought they were mercenaries, that the Order had paid them to extract Ben, but I dont think they were, Han sways for a moment, and Chewie puts a furry arm around him to keep him stable. I almost had him Leia! One of them got the drop on me, he rubbed the back of his head. They didnt kill you, though Leia frowned. Operatives sent in by the First Order would have certainly killed Han, they blew up the entire base without any moral qualms it would seem. Han looked very uncomfortable, as if he was thinking too hard on something. Do you remember what you told me a few years ago? he asked quietly. About what happened on Nilash? About what Ben told you? Leia nods. Yes. That that he couldnt leave the Order. That he had a lover he had to protect Han you dont think- I do Leia. I think that whoever those two kids were who came for him, one of them is that person. And and he almost gave Ben back to us. He? Another soldier? Leia frowned. Their intelligence had been wrong then, perhaps intentionally so, when they had said that Kylo Rens lover had been a Stormtrooper Captain by the name of Phasma. I dont know I dont know who he was or his rank, but Leia, Han took her hands. This kid will die for Ben, was ready to. And when he finally caved, I could see it, giving Ben up was breaking his heart. He was afraid for him, afraid of the Resistance using him. What? Thats absurd, I would never use my own son! But the Order will and now they have him again, Leia sighed. She wanted to scream in frustration! They had been so close! So close to getting their son back! Slowly Leia allows herself to lean against Han and he hugs her close. Well get him back. Somehow, he promises her. They are empty words, and Leia knows that he means well, means to comfort her. But just like he has promised her so many things in the past, this too will fall flat. Ben is lost to them. The boy who had cut down his and her soldiers indiscriminately on Nilash so that he might save her was lost again. It burns Leia to realize that her son is not her own anymore. That she gave that up when she sent him away. That he has been forced to find solace, to make do, in such a dark place as the First Order. That he has managed to find love there, stings even more. That he has found someone foolish enough to storm a Resistance base to rescue him. She casts the Force outwards again, searching for that beacon of light again, that force of love that is so strong that it might burn up the body it inhabits. But she can find nothing, they have fled beyond her reach now. Leia remove herself from the flow of the Force and rests her head against Hans chest. Then Leia Organa allows herself to cry for their lost son and all the mistakes they have made. --- Ren was lying in one of the sleeping areas of the shuttle. He had passed out the moment they had reached the ship and Hux and Mitaka had ended up dragging him the last few meters. The ship was groaning as it took off, Mitaka at the pilots seat while Hux turned on the small medical droid theyd brought with them. He had just stepped back to let the small machine begin scanning the Knight when he felt something reaching for him. Huxs breath caught in his throat and his head swam, he had to place a hand on one side of the ship to steady himself. His chest tightened and it felt like someone was squeezing down on his shoulders with immense pressure. As is he was being held down under intense scrutiny by some being older and stronger than he was and far more wrathful. Then, as suddenly as it had come, the invisible force was gone. The pressure and tightness vanished leaving Hux gasping for breath and shaking. Slowly he slid to the floor of the shuttle, clutching his chest. The only sound for several minutes was that of the droid beeping as it worked and Huxs ragged breathing. Analysis complete, the droid chirped after about ten minutes. Results? Dehydration and malnourishment are primary concerns. Superficial bruising covering the entire body, severe deep bone bruising on the arms and shoulders with minor fractures in the ribs. Internal organs are badly bruised but none are ruptured. Additional superficial injuries include abrasions and electrical burns around the neck and damage to the face. Patient also exhibits signs of severe nerve damage from electrocution, including a slight heart murmur and muscle spasms, full extent of damage to sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems is unknown. Patient is unfit for military duty due to the extent of these injuries. Estimated recovery time, Hux asks quietly. Approximately one year before patient can return to active duty. Hux held his head in his hands and was quiet for a long time. What care can you provide now? he asked. Micro nutrient booster shots are recommended to prevent collapse of the patients critical systems, however until the patient has obtained the required macro nutrients, this course of action is ill advised. Superficial wounds are advised to be cleaned and bandaged. So get him to eat and drink, then supplements? Yes sir. the droid chirped. What what about that collar on his neck? Hux asked quietly, the droid scanned it for a few seconds. It appears to have a tracking device in it and to be interfering with his nervous system function. Hux straightened and then stood, moving over to Ren. They needed to get the collar off now, before they jumped to hyperspace and gave away the Star Destroyers location, before it damaged Ren any further. Huxs fingers ran over the collar, pushing Rens hair back to examine the extent of the damage that had been caused. There were no catches that he could find, no locking mechanism. The General frowned and leaned closer, trying to find a seam or something to indicate how the collar joined itself together. He felt a worry creep into his mind, something selfish and he quickly pushed the concern away. They would cross that bridge later, if they ever got to it again. Right now all that mattered was Kylos well being. Everything else was secondary. Can you cut the collar off? Hux asked the medical droid after he failed to find any locking mechanism on the metal band The droid made a whirring noise as it scanned the collar again. I can. It is recommended that you restrain the patient. --- There were voices talking above him. Around him. Kylo wasnt sure where he was, someone was touching him, but his body felt too heavy to protest against it. Every breath felt like it was a struggle to take. Someones hand was on his shoulders, holding him down, firmly, but not roughly. A hand was gently touching his forehead. Warm hands. His eyes cracked open. Hey, Huxs face came into view. His voice was the softest Ren had ever heard it and Kylo made to reach for him. No, no. Dont move. You need to be still for just a little longer. Were going to get this collar off, Hux murmured to him. Just a few seconds and itll be off. Dont be afraid, Im right here. There was the sound of a plasma knife being activated and Ren flinched, struggling weakly against Huxs hold. Shhh, the General whispered. Just hang on, easy now. EasyShhh, easy. The knife was hot against Rens skin and he wailed at its touch. The blade moved across the metal. It hissed and screeched and as it cut through the material and Rens fingers dug into Huxs arms where he clung to him. Half way done, Kylo, Hux whispered to him. Almost done, almost done, easy. Youre doing so well. Breathe for me, Kylo. Just breathe. Ren barely had a moment to suck in two shaky breaths when the knife screamed against the metal on the other side of his neck. Kylo cried out again, the noise of the knife against metal was loud and painful in his ears, drowning out Huxs reassurances. No. No stop! No more! Make it stop! Then the sound was gone and Ren collapsed back on the bed, whimpering. Hux was stroking his face, whispering to him, but Ren couldnt hear any of it. Huxs hands were moving then, and something lifted off his neck, and the General pulled away, going to the airlock and tossing the two halves of the collar out into space. He came back to sit next to Ren on the bed and the Knight grabbed his hand, gripping it tightly. It's okay, Kylo, Hux whispered. It's gone. It's off. Ren brought a hand to his neck, fingers trembling as they touched the raw and burned flesh where the collar had been around his neck. Then color flooded his world. The Knight gasped, his eyes flying closed as he felt the Force overwhelm him. Rushing back to him like a great river held back by a dam. Cold and refreshing and welcoming. It physically lifted him up off the bed and he didnt fight it. Kylo fell back into the safety of ice and cold and darkness with a sigh and a faint smile on his face. He gave into the darkness and all that it promised. It embraced him like a long missed lover. Held him tightly against its breast with all the unconditional tenderness of a mother. He could breathe again. He was whole again. His senses no longer dampened, his shields and walls rising back up within the mists of his mind. But most importantly, he could sense Hux. Could feel his life force, his mind and all its overly loud thoughts, and most precious of all, Kylo could feel the redheads love for him. Hot and fierce, like a tiny star that was barely contained within the other man. For the first time in a week, Ren felt completely at peace. The Force engulfed him completely, sending a small shockwave through the ship that made the old shuttles systems hiccup and wail in complaint for a moment before they righted themselves. The medical droid was flung back against a wall where it beeped unhappily at the rough treatment. Hux was knocked back off the bed, staring as Ren fell back onto it and didnt move again. Mitaka came through the door to the room a moment later, his face white. What was that! It almost took out our engines! Can we still make the jump to hyperspace? Yes... the Lieutenants brows furrowed as he looked between Hux and Ren. Is he all right? Slowly Hux picked himself up off the floor. I dont know. But we need to leave this system, quickly. The collar they were using to cut him off from the Force had a tracker in it. Understood, sir, Mitakas voice sounded strained as he left to go back to the cockpit. --- Weve made the jump, Mitakas voice broke Hux out of his thoughts. He looked up at the other man from where he was seated, next to Ren again on the bed. The Knight hadnt moved for the past hour, but he was breathing and Hux had carefully cleaned and bandaged his neck. Good. Thank you, Mitaka, Hux said quietly. The Lieutenant continued to stand awkwardly in the doorway and the General sighed heavily. What is it, Lieutenant? You love him, dont you? Mitakas voice is barely a whisper, as if hes uncovered a great revelation. Thats why you did all of this, isnt it? Thats why you were about to let him go back there. Hux stares at the younger man, so Mitaka had heard after all. Then he slowly nods, looking back to the sleeping Knight. Yes. The Lieutenant simply comes and stands next to the bed, studying Ren as he sleeps. So all this with the Captain? Its just a front? Hux nods again. She is dear to him, but no lover. I understand, the Lieutenant says quietly, chewing on the corner of his lip for a moment. Will he be all right? What did the droid say? Hes hurt, badly I dont know if hell come back from this. I cant begin to imagine what it is like for him, to have his Force connection cut off, silenced like that. Hux rested his forehead on his hands, his shoulders slumping a bit. He had been holding off since Mitaka had come pounding on his door four days ago. Had been trying to ignore the very real possibility that whatever had happened to Ren in that base could have destroyed his lover. Could have ruined his mind entirely, robbed him of his strength and sanity. That the Ren he knew would be gone, replaced by a very broken shell of a man. Finding out about Project Force Choke had driven home the very inescapable and very real possibility that Kylo Ren might not recover from this. Huxs fingers went to clutch at his hair as he worked to keep himself from losing what was left of his composure. He should have never agreed to let Kylo go alone! He should have known that the Resistance would have had some sort of plot! Should have insisted that someone else go with them! He should have let Han Solo take the Knight. There would be no hiding this from Snoke. At least with his father, Ren might have had a chance at a normal life. Now all Hux was doing was effectively bringing Kylo back to certain death. Kylos blood would be on his hands. A harsh, strangled cry left Huxs throat, bursting out against his will and he has to take several deep breathes, fighting down the urge to scream and sob. Then he feels Mitakas hand on his shoulder and slowly he looks at the younger man. Kylo will pull through, hes too stubborn not to. Hes strong, the Lieutenant tells him. Hux can see that Mitaka believes these words wholeheartedly, and as selfish as it is, he takes some small comfort in them. The worry doesnt go away, the guilt doesnt go away, nor the fear that when Kylo wakes up again he might not even know his own name. But for now, the simple reassurance, the young Lieutenant's bright-eyed belief that Ren will recover, is enough. Thank you, Dopheld. --- Ren had slept for the first day and a half of their trip back. Hux and Mitaka had settled into the small room, despite there being two other small sleeping quarters, both men were reluctant to leave the Knight alone, lest he wake. Hux had come up with a way to salvage everything, and Mitaka had to admire the General for it. The Supreme Leader will be most displeased when he learns what has happened, Hux had told Mitaka gravely. I will have to account for Rens absence and yours as well. What do we do? Mitaka asked, fiddling with his datapad as he sat in a chair hed dragged into the tiny room while Hux perched on the bed next to Ren. It is a matter of presentation of the scenario. You accompanied Ren on an espionage mission, during which you found the details out about Project Force Choke. You also rescued a political prisoner, who, unbeknownst to you at the time of going to rescue her, was your fiance. But how do we explain what happened to Lord Ren? Mitaka glanced at the still sleeping man. We dont and we hope he never asks. That is where you skills in data manipulation are crucial, Hux leans closer to the Lieutenant. I need you to prepare a copy of the data we stole from them, and remove all references to Ren from within it. No one can ever know what happened to him, it would be a death sentence for him. Do you understand? What about Phasma? She is and always will be the exception. You must also fix the data so it appears as though Ematt was planning on using this research against the Knights of Ren and the Supreme Leader, if it does not already indicate so. Can you do that, in good conscience, Mitaka? Hux asks him. Rens life depends on the Lieutenants answer. This is all they can do, short of turning around and surrendering to the Resistance, which makes Huxs stomach turn at the very thought. I can and I will sir, Kylo is my friend, if this will help him, it is the least I can do, Mitaka promises the General. It was a simple enough task to fix the data, and Mitaka had it done very quickly. With there not being anything else to do, he and Hux found themselves making idle conversation as they flew through hyperspace. Much of the formality from their stations had fallen away over the past few days and they took solace in each others company, and the Lieutenant even managed to make Hux laugh a few times. What is it like, being with someone who is so strongly connected to the Force? Mitaka had asked, tilting his head curiously. Hux frowned, leaning back against the wall that the head of the bed was crammed against. He glanced thoughtfully at Rens still sleeping form. It is different. They are so much more aware than we are, can pick up on things that we dont even know we do. And everything, is so much more intense for them and they can see so much more than we can. Kylo described it to me once He said being deeply connected to the Force was like feeling the soul of the Galaxy itself. Everything is brighter, more colorful and vivid, every taste, smell and touch amplified. It becomes overwhelming sometimes, becomes too much, and the stronger your connection to the Force is, the harder it is to find quiet within your own mind. So being with someone like him Hux smiled ruefully, stroking Rens hair, it needed to be washed. The Knight needed a bath, badly, but the shuttle had only so much water and no bathtub, but rather a crudely connected hose and spray head. It's a blessing and a curse, Hux sighed. I will never know, see or experience all that he does. There are so many times when we simply are not able to communicate because of this. Yet there are moments, tiny spaces of time when we are able to connect and I am able to share that burden with him. I can take some of the weight, and hold that great and terrible weight of the Galaxy and all its life and death and its infinite possibilities. And I would not trade it, would not trade him, for anything, his voice was a whisper and Hux realized he was crying as he spoke and hastily brushed the tears away. Hux, a hoarse voice murmured and Hux looked down, seeing that Rens eyes were half open and he was gazing up at him. Kylo, Huxs hands moved to stroke the Knights face. Mitaka stood, moving to the stand at the foot of the bed, being careful not to crowd them. Thirsty, the Knight mumbled. Here, Mitaka passed Hux a bottle of water and Ren pushed himself up just enough so he could rest his head on Huxs thigh as the General helped him drink the water. Not too fast, Hux told him, slowly pouring the water into Rens mouth. He was trying to be careful, hed had a chance to see some of the other torments that Ematt had subjected Ren to, and didnt want the dark haired man to feel like he was being drowned. Ren drank the entire bottle and then another one before his thirst was satiated. Where are we? he asked quietly. On our way home, Hux told him. Ren bit his lip and shivered slightly before looking up at Hux and then at Mitaka. Thank you, for coming back for me. You dont leave your friends behind, or the people you love, Mitaka said quietly. Ren stiffens slightly and Hux places a hand on his chest soothing him. He knows, it's okay, Kylo, Hux tells him gently. Gradually the Knight relaxes, but one of his hands goes to rest on the one Hux has resting on his chest, giving it a squeeze. The Knight sits up, slowly, wincing as he does and trembling from the effort it takes to do so. He offers his hand out to the Lieutenant and when Mitaka takes it Ren draws him into a hug. Mitaka is shocked at how thin Ren is, how decimated hes become in just a week. The large man seems almost frail like this, as if he could shatter at any moment. Thank you Dopheld, Kylo whispers to him. --- Ren spends the rest of the trip sleeping. He wakes a few times just long enough for Hux to convince him to eat a few bites of fruit and crackers and drink some water before he passes back out. The medical droid gives him the supplemental shots without issue, it scans him and gives the same prognosis: one year of recovery time. They dock the ship back with the old Star Destroyer and Phasma is waiting for them. Ren sleeps through all of it, even as she, Mitaka and Hux move Ren to the Generals quarters and then sit around quietly talking once Ren is curled up in a blanket on Huxs bed. Ill debrief you in the morning Mitaka, Hux tells him tiredly. I know you want to see your fiance. Thank you sir, Mitaka smiles. Will you let Ashara and I know how Kylo fares? He assumes that Hux doesnt want a parade of visitors in and out of his personal quarters. I will. And bring your fiance, if medical will release her, I have a proposition for the two of you. Yes, sir! Hux glances at Phasma then. She is sitting next to Kylos sleeping form, murmuring to him. Ive never seen him sleep so soundly. Im not sure if that is good or bad, the damage done to him has been severe. Im going to need your help Phasma, especially over the next few weeks, until hes stable. Dont want to leave him alone? Precisely. You could have Mitaka help too you know. Not that I mind looking after my little brother, she smiles sweetly at Kylo. You poor thing. The Resistance are awful monsters. I have other plans for Mitaka. If he and Lady Ashara are willing. Do you ever go a day without creating some scheme or plot, General? Phasma laughs softly. How do you think I got to be General so quickly? Hux allows himself to smile. Besides our Lieutenant has earned some  time away from battle. --- Thank you both for coming, Hux glanced from the Lieutenant to the Togruta. Mitaka looked nervous as ever as he sat tensely on the edge of one of the chairs in front of Huxs desk. Ashara however sat calmly, her hands neatly curled in her lap, her back straight and posture almost regal. She looked healthier than she had when they had rescued her. Amazing what a few days of rest and food could do for a being. Most of her wounds had been tended to, but her hands were still badly damaged and would require extensive surgery to repair, and the amount of use she would gain back from the procedure would be questionable. The other option would be to simply remove the damaged appendages and replace them with robotic ones. But that bridge had yet to be crossed; robotic prosthetics, while common, were not cheap and needed approval to be obtained. I have a proposition for you Lady Ashara, Hux began. The First Order needs an advocate. Someone who is versed in politics and is not afraid to challenge the Republic openly. Someone who has experienced personal loss and torment at the hands of the Resistance. A person who has the voice that is required to tell the truth and unveil the hypocrisy that plagues the Senate. Who would be willing to be our voice and gain support for our cause. His green eyes meet her black ones levelly. Is this something that would interest you? Mitakas expression twists as he struggles to keep his composure when Hux poses this question to Ashara. Neither General nor Togruta look at him. It is not his decision, he knows, but he wants to protest all the same. Ashara is quiet for sometime, carefully considering what Hux has said. It may be something that is of interest to me General, she hums thoughtfully. To serve the First Order, as my parents and grandparents did the Empire would be the greatest of honors. However, she smiles, displaying her pointed teeth. Honor alone cannot sustain man nor woman. I would ask what risks and benefits come with such an undertaking. Hux returns her smile with a tight lipped one of his own. It is a delicate dance they are engaging in, however he has thought ahead. You know that it will be dangerous. That there will be those who will seek to end your life for the words you will speak. The Galaxy is an inherently dangerous and chaotic place, even more so when one disagrees with those in power. I would propose that your fiance accompany you and that his platoon of Stormtroopers serve as your guard. Mitaka makes a small noise at this and Hux glances at him briefly before leaning forward, hands together in front of him as he does. I would also propose that your engagement be shortened, so that you might benefit from the perks that are afforded for those who are married to First Lieutenants. The First Order would also supply you with transport and supplies as you need them. Ashara put a finger to her lips, carefully considering the offer. Mitaka however looked like he was about to pass out from disbelief at the idea of jumping two ranks. The Togruta hummed again and reached across the space between their chairs, gently resting her hand on Mitakas arm. Your offer is quite generous, she was humming again. Might I make one additional proposition? Hux gestured for her to continue. I should like to have my left hand replaced. Understandably so, Hux nodded. Just my left hand, the Togruta elaborated. Not my right one. Here the General paused, tilting his head. This was interesting. Not that I would deny your proposition, but might I inquire as to your reasoning? But of course, Ashara holds both of her hands out in front of her. It is a simple reason however, my left hand is my dominant one, I need it. My right one though, serves as a reminder, as proof to all those I speak to that the Resistance is a den of monstrous beasts who would murder, maim and disfigure innocents in their self-righteousness. People must know the truth and they cannot shy away from one so stark when confronted with it. If that is what you wish, if that is how you wish to approach this, then I will not stop you. The rehabilitation process for adjusting to the prosthetic will take some weeks, during that time I would request that you and your soon to be husband stay here, Hux nodded before looking at Mitaka. Breathe Lieutenant, it wont do you any good to pass out in my office, he reminded the younger man and Mitaka took a slow, shaky breath in and let it out. We can discuss the formal logistics of your course later, Lady Ashara. There are certain systems that will be more receptive to you and your message than others. It will take time before you can begin to penetrate into the Core systems. This campaign will span many years and must be carefully planned out, just as any political move is, Hux continued. Ashara nodded, unable to stop the grin of excitement that was taking over her face. Hux smiled briefly at her, glad that she had accepted the proposal. I would request a few minutes to speak privately with the Lieutenant, would you please excuse us? Of course, she stood, pressing a kiss to Mitakas cheek that made the young man blush several interesting shades of red. She straightened, humming softly as she spoke again. Would you mind very much General, if I paid Lord Ren a visit? The General hesitated, but then nodded. He is most likely sleeping, but you are welcome to do so. Ill let Phasma know to expect you, he reached for his datapad, sending the Captain a quick message. Do you know the way? he asked and Ashara nodded. She had realized, long before Mitaka had, that the General and Knight were lovers. To her it had been the most obvious thing in the world but she was also wise enough to understand the political implications of why their relationship could not be made public. She also was curious and concerned about the Force-user, their introduction had been brief and left little time for pleasantries before it had all gone to hell. Ashara did not know exactly what he had experienced at Ematts hands, but she knew it had been terrible. The least she could do to repay his kindness to herself and Mitaka could be to keep him company while he recovered, since she would be ship bound for some time. --- Kylo Ren dreamed. He had retreated into himself, into the Force. Losing all sense of time and space as the ebb and flow of life and death, creation and destruction drowned out everything but the sound of the Galaxys heartbeat and the quiet hum of background radiation as the Universe itself expanded endlessly. In his dreams he saw stars birthed from gas and dust. A thousand sunsets and sunrises on worlds hed never visited. Black holes, illuminated entirely by the virtue of what they consumed. Heard the scream of babes as they were born, the moans of lovers coupled together in intimate embraces and the quiet sighs of old men as they died in their beds. The images flew by, faster than his mind could comprehend, his eyelids darting beneath their lids as his breathing quickened. Then in his dreams he was back atop the waterfall, gazing out over the forest of DQar. The planet was humming and trembling beneath him and above him the sky itself seemed to catch fire. Someone, grabbed his hand pulling him away from the edge of the cliff. He hears a voice. A childs voice. But then it multiplies and he realizes that these are not cries of terror or fear that have so often haunted him, but laughter. Joy. He stands in a garden now, surrounded by high stone walls, watching children of every age and race in the Galaxy play. They do not shy away from him. They are unafraid of him. He feels their energies through the Force, confused mixes of both Light and Dark. Yet they coexist here, they are happy here, in this garden. Rens breath catches in his throat and his chest aches immensely. There is the sound of blaster fire and it all shatters before his eyes. Ren stands on the bridge of the old Star Destroyer as it burns. He stands in the snow of Starkiller Base as the world shakes beneath his feet. He stands before Snoke in that dreaded throne room. His Master sees him, weighs his faults and finds him wanting. Snoke stands and moves towards him. How disappointing. Ren cannot move. He is rooted to the spot in fear. In terror. Then he hears a voice echoing around him. Wake up Kylo! Snoke still approaches him. Wake up child! The voice is familiar, feminine. Urgent. Wake up! Wake up! You must wake up! Suddenly Kylo is forcibly pulled from the throne room and it all dissolves before his eyes. He is lying on his back now, surrounded by darkness. It flows around him like the stream of smoke from burning incense. You must wake up, young one, the voice says again, and he turned his head. Shelish is kneeling beside him. I am tired, he whispers to her, his voice breaking. I am so tired. I know little one, she strokes his hair out of his face. And you still have miles to go. Little supernovae, the Nightsister whispers, resting her hand on his shoulder. Do not burn out just yet. It is time to wake up. Ren jerked awake with a gasp. Tears were running down his face and his hands were shaking as he brushes them away, trying to get his heart to stop racing. He ached, deep down in his bones, he ached. Everything hurt and his head swam for a moment from the shock of pain that flooded him. He wanted nothing more in that instant than to fall back into the darkness. To be free of the physical agony that he was in and all the horrible memories that came with it. Even breathing takes its toll on him and he wants to scream. To wail and lash out against the Galaxy itself. Someone else is in the room with him, he realizes, and looks up to see Ashara approaching him, she had been sitting in the chair at Huxs personal desk, the swivel seat still spinning slightly from how quickly shed stood to move to him. Are you all right? she asks. Where am I? On the Star Destroyer, the Generals quarters. You arrived here last night, Mitaka said youd been sleeping for the past two days, she comes to a stop a few feet from the bed, her head tilting as she hums softly. Had Ren been in a better state of might, he might have appreciated what she was doing. It was remarkably subtle, after all. But instead he found himself irritated by her presence, by her attempts to soothe him. It is with great effort that he does not lash out at her, does not scream. Instead his hands clench into fists around the blanket hes wrapped in. He wants her to go away. He wants to be alone. With a grunt he starts to move, ignoring her presence. Ashara starts towards him and he throws a hand out, calling on the Force and freezes her where she is. Do not. Touch. Me, he growls, before releasing her. She nods and takes a small step back from him, watching him closely. He almost falls when he stands. His legs are weak, shaking and his body is broken in ways that he did not know was possible to do without spilling blood. Pain. So much pain. Ren wanted to be rid of it. Wanted it to stop. To end. He limps to the bathroom and pushes the door shut behind him. The Togruta does not attempt to follow him. Flicking the light on, Ren stares at his reflection. He doesnt recognize the feral looking monster that stares back at him. He hates what he sees. Hates how weak he is, how broken he is. He pulls off his blood and grime covered tunic with a groan of pain and dropped it into the trash. The garment was ruined, one of the few items he had that was his was completely destroyed from the week of torture hed undergone. It added another weight to his load. Tiny and insignificant as it was, it stung. Ren looked back at the monster in the mirror, breath catching at the sight of the white bandages on his neck. He tore them off in a panic, only to reveal the burned and damaged skin beneath. No collar, he still had his connection to the Force...And then he started to sob. Harsh, ugly noises escaped his lips as Ren hung his head. Too much. It was all too much! He was tired. Tired of being used by others. Tired of hurting and having nightmares. Being broken and discarded and unwanted in an endless cycle. He was tired of being a burden to his lover, though Hux has never said such a thing, Ren is convinced that he is just that. That his constant bad days when all he wants to do is scream and cry will wear his General thin. When all he can remember are his Masters hands on him and his cold touch tearing through his mind and cant bare to have Hux touch him unless the redhead is striking him. Ren hates himself for this need. The strain and conflict that Hux goes through each time he does it makes Ren despise himself even more. It is not the for the first time that he damns his own existence. Kylo wanted reprieve. Wanted peace, nothing was worth this. No power, no matter how great, was worth the torment that he had been put through. Having his mind ripped apart by his Master, having the Resistance use him as some sort of test subject. But there was no way out. No amount of planning by Hux could save him. He is tired of suffering and being the cause of others pain. His is a harbinger of chaos and destruction and he hates himself for it. Hopelessness welled up in him, so strong and so potent that it took his breath away. With a scream he punched the mirror as hard as he could. It shatters into pieces, a large shard falling out and landing on the vanity. Ren stares at his fractured reflection as tears roll down his face, hating how ugly his soul is. The solution is suddenly clear. As clear as it had been when he was standing atop the waterfall for the first time on DQar. He feels a strange calm come over him. Tears are still streaming down his face, but it is all remarkably clear. All so simple. His sobs quiet and he sniffles slightly, brushing his nose with the back of his hand. The tears dont stop coming though and for all his calm, his hands are trembling and his heart is racing as he picks up the shard of glass. Rens own breathing sounds so loud in his ears, and he feels like he isnt quite in his body anymore, as if hes somehow projected his consciousness outside of himself and is watching from afar. He presses the shard of glass against the inside of his arm at the inside of his elbow. His flesh resists for a moment and then the glass cuts through it, its point disappearing beneath the surface and blood starting to well up around the site of the self-inflicted injury. Ren pushes it deeper and feels a spike of adrenaline flood his exhausted body. He quiet laughs then, at the absurdity of it all and he adjusts his grip on the glass, feeling his fingers getting sliced to ribbons on its razor edges. But that doesnt matter now. None of it matters. Hell be free of this pain, these awful memories. He wont be a burden to those he cares about, or a dark secret that his family has to hide anymore. He wont be a threat. It will be over. The line of chaos that his grandfather had started would end squarely with him. Ren starts to pull the glass down his arm, shuddering as it drags through his flesh and blood rushes to the surface. It spills out over his skin, drips to the floor. Red staining the white tile of Huxs bathroom. He feels lightheaded, but hes barely begun, he cannot fail at this! This time he must do it right! He takes a deep breath, pain is starting to come from where hes cut already, overriding the adrenaline from the act itself. His hands are shaking again and he sobbing once more. Loud and awful. He is weak! So damnably weak! Kylo, a gentle voice breaks through his cycle of self-depreciation and he looks up, as he slumps forward onto the vanity for support. Hux is standing in the doorway, behind him, Ashara is hovering nervously. She must have contacted the General when hed awoken. Get Phasma, the General murmurs to her and then Hux steps into the bathroom and shuts the door behind him. He doesnt break eye contact with Ren. Kylo looks away from the other man. Go away, he whispers. Leave me alone. He didnt want Hux to see! See him so pathetic and weak and utterly broken. So useless and helpless. No, Huxs voice is quiet, but Ren can hear a line of tension. Of hurt, as if hed cut the General open instead of himself. Hux takes a step towards him and holds his hand out. Give me the glass, Kylo, he says gently, as if coaxing a cat down from a tree. He doesnt sound angry or disgusted as Snoke had been when hed found out what Kylo had tried to do that first time. That first desperate attempt to escape. Rather, Hux sounds so very sad . Ren shakes his head stubbornly. Leave me alone. Let me do this. He tries to get a better grip on the shard of glass that hes buried in his arm. The glass is crude and slow, hes only half way down his arm. This would have been easier, clear if hed had his lightsaber. That had been taken by the Resistance when hed been captured. Another thing stolen from him. A sob of frustration escaped him. Then Huxs arms are around him, hugging him gently, one hand pressing a towel to Rens arm to staunch the bleeding. Youre not alone Kylo, he whispers in the Knights ear. It's okay. Itll be okay, let me have the glass, his hands are moving to ease the shard out of Rens hands and Kylo pushes him back. He shoves Hux away from him with the Force and the redhead slams back against the bathroom door. No, Ren hisses, hot anger over taking him. No, it is not okay! None of this is okay! Hux stares at him, for once the well spoken man is at a loss for words. Ren turns away from him, shoulders hunching, pulling the piece of glass out of his arm and watching the blood continue to flow from the deep wound. None of what happened is okay, his voice is barely a whisper. Leave me alone. Kylo, youre better than this, stronger than this, Hux tells him. IM TIRED OF BEING STRONG! The Knight rages, whirling on Hux. His face contorts in anger and agony as he screams. All that hes held back, all that has been bottled up for years comes rushing to the surface as Ren feels his control slip. I am tired of having to be strong! I am tried of having nightmares! Of being in pain! Hes gripping the shard of glass so tightly it cuts into his hand, slicing his palm. I am tired of always being afraid! Of being a monster that everyone wants to control and use for their horrible means! Im tired of it! I dont want to be tortured for fun anymore! I dont want to exist just to amuse the twisted desires of others! He watches Huxs face change, the General is looking at him with pity, like hes some sort of pathetic creature found on the side of the road. That only fuels the Knights upset. I am tired of being a burden to you! To those I care about! Of being a disappointment to my family! I am exhausted Hux! his chest is heaving as he sobs. I dont want to have to keep killing children because that is the only thing that saves them from my Master! I dont want to keep waking up screaming because I feel him rooting around in my head! Because I can never forget what he did! Kylo, Hux takes a small step towards him. The General had never known, Ren had kept the worst of his missions given to him by his Master locked away inside himself, where his self-loathing and guilt fermented into a fine despair. No! Ren presses himself back against the opposite wall of the bathroom. Dont touch me! I dont want to  his voice failed him. Hux stops, holding his hands at his sides, palms forward and open. Dont want what Kylo? he asks quietly. I dont want to see him when you touch me! Ren blurts out. It doesnt go away! It never does! I am tired of being broken and weak! I am tired of having these awful memories! Of having my very reality toyed with! Because sometimes when you touch me, my whole world shifts and Im suddenly back in that fucking citadel under his hands! Ren is crying so hard that hes afraid hes going to vomit. And I can hear his voice and that fucking smell and taste as he forces-- Rens hands go to clutch his head as he sobs, he cant bear to look at Hux. Cant stand the look of horror and pity on the Generals face. I dont want to anymore! I cant! I cant! Just let me die! Please!  He looks at Hux, begging him, trying to will him to understand even a fraction of the torment that Ren faces on an all too frequent basis. Hux stares at him and it takes Ren a second to realize that the General is crying too. Tears are streaming down his face, which has gone shock white. Then Kylo realizes that hes been projecting, flinging out images and sensations haphazardly through the Force as hes screamed at Hux as he cried at the awful, brutal truth of his existence. Just like he had during their first confrontation in Huxs office years ago. Everything has been taken from me, Hux. My family, my innocence, my sanity , my hope . I have nothing left. Please understand, Ren whispers as he drops his gaze from Huxs and looks back at his still bleeding arm. Slowly he raises the shard of glass again, his head is spinning and hes very dizzy now, the floor is painted in bright red splatters. But he has to finish this, has to do this right. Do at least one thing in his horrific existence right. No! Hux is pressing against him suddenly, restraining him with one hand as the other tries to pull the shard of glass out of Rens hand. No, Kylo! They struggle. Ren trying to keep the shard of glass, Hux trying to take it away from him. Then Ren twists and shoves Hux away again. It isnt until the act is completed that Kylo realizes what hes done. Hux staggers backwards, clutching his shoulder. The shard of glass buried deep in it, blood is welling up from the wound creating a wet stain on the black fabric of his uniform. No, Kylo moans weakly. No! Hux, Im so sorry! The General stares at the wound, wincing. Then he picks up a towel and slowly approaches Ren. This time Ren doesnt fight him, but he slides to the floor of the bathroom, drawing his knees to his chest and hiding his face against them as he sobs and Hux takes his wounded arm and presses the towel against the gash, trying to slow the Knights loss of blood. No more of this Kylo, Huxs voice sounds strained and the Knight is too distraught to focus enough to read his thoughts. He doesnt shout, but his voice is firm and Ren can taste the bitter pain in it. I know that it isnt okay. That it isnt right , but this . Doing this to yourself will not make it better! It will not solve anything! Hux is pressing himself against the Knight as best he can now, and Ren shudders at how warm he is. He wants to protest, to try to explain to Hux that if he is dead, then all of this stops. Do Phasma, Mitaka and I count for nothing then? Do you not trust us enough to let us help you? Im a burden, Ren whispers. Im such a burden. Im so broken, Hux, he peers up at the General and sees Huxs brows knit. You are never a burden, Kylo, Hux looks so sad as he says this. You never, ever a burden. We all struggle he sighs and rests his forehead against Rens. We all have our bad days, our hurts, they just come in different forms. You have been through so much Kylo and you have survived! Where so many others would have given up! You are so strong Kylo! I dont feel strong, the Knight mumbled, sniffling. I feel weak, worthless, useless. Like Im just a pawn for Snoke to do awful things with. Im tried of it Hux. You are none of those things Kylo! You are so much more than that, and Snoke is a bastard for failing to see it, for treating you like he has! There is anger in Huxs voice and Ren flinches at it, even though part of him realizes that it isnt directed at him. Huxs other hand goes to stroke his dirty hair. I know youre tired a rnsearc . Youre carrying these awful burdens all on your own, you dont need to. Please, please trust us enough to let us help you carry them. Trust me . Let me carry that weight as I once did for you, that first time you cried. Please Kylo. The Knight raises his eyes, bloodshot and exhausted, despite how much sleep hes had. He feels like he could sleep for years. Thats all he wants to do is sleep and never wake up. Hux is staring back at him, with nothing but acceptance and love for all of the broken things that Ren is, drawing from a well of strength that Ren does not have. And Ren cant handle it. He can feel Huxs care, his honestly burning and shining through the Force. It warms that part of him that has been made so very cold by despair and pain. Kylo cant find any words to express himself. He wants so dearly to promise Hux that hell do his best, that hell try . But his mouth wont work, the words wont come out, its as if hes used them all up in his screaming earlier. Hes utterly spent and the towel Hux is holding against his arm is getting soaked with blood. Dry sobs rise up in Rens chest and he makes no effort to stop them. Hux doesnt press him for an answer, but gently shushes him, murmuring reassurances. Behind the General the bathroom door opens and closes as Phasma steps inside, gasping softly at the sight of them. Ren cant bare to look at her as she frantically pulls off her armored gloves and her helmet, setting them and her blaster aside on the counter. First aid kit? she asks Hux. Left cabinet, under the sink, he tells her, before resuming his quiet murmuring to Ren. They say nothing more as Phasma retrieves the kit and moves to sit next to them. He blue eyes take in the stain on Huxs jacket and the bit of broken mirror sticking out of his shoulder. Im fine, tend to Ren first, he tells her. Your sutures are neater than mine are. She nods and Hux slowly peels the soaking towel away from Rens arm. Phasma hisses at the sight of the wound and Ren whimpers softly, pulling his legs tighter to him. I dont think he got deep enough to damage any muscles. But it's still bad, she tells Hux as she starts to disinfect the injury. Ren hisses, whines and squirms and Hux has to hold him down to keep him from lashing out at Phasma. I have a local anesthetic in the kit, give him that, Hux tells her. A quick prick of a needle later and the pain subsides from Rens arm. Still, he cant stand to look at it as Phasma stitches the huge gash on his arm back together and applies a sealant to the wound site and then wraps it in white gauze. The Captain then tends to Hux. She expertly pulls the glass shard out of his shoulder and helps him shed his jacket as the blood flows more freely now, going down his arm and chest. Hux does not take any anesthetic and simply grits his teeth as she stitches him back up. It is silent except for their breathing and Rens soft noises of distress. Finally she finishes and closes the first aid kit. Ren can sense her upset, her worry and anger at him. Her concern. He wants to cry and beg for her forgiveness, to try to explain to her like he had Hux But he has no strength left. Too drained to do more than whimper. Do you want a bath, Kylo? Hux is touching his face, trying to get him to focus. Rens brain feels fuzzy and wrung out, yet some how he manages to nod. He wants the filth and grime off him, the blood, sweat, vomit and piss from the week of torture. Hux looks at Phasma and says something to her, she nods, but Ren cant hear it, cant seem to focus on what is being said. Then theyre both moving him, helping him stand and getting him out of his pants. Ren doesnt even have the presence of mind to worry about being embarrassed. There is the sound of water running and filling the tub. Steam rises from it and together, Captain and General help him into the shallow water. The hot water makes Kylo moan softly. His body getting covered in gooseflesh and he leans against the side of the tub for support, his bandaged arm hanging outside of it to keep it from getting wet. Phasma leaves then, allowing Hux to do the more intimate part of the task. The General takes a washcloth and soaks it, working some soap on it until it lathers. Then he kneels on the blood covered floor and starts to wash Kylo. Starting at the Knights feet, he gently scrubs at them until the skin is pink and there is no trace of filth. He trickles water over the Knights body and then works his way up Rens legs, leaving no part of him neglected. When he gets to Rens torso Hux pauses. You have fractured ribs and bone bruising in your shoulders, he explains to Ren. Ill try not to aggravate the injuries any further. Ren nods, his head resting on the side of the tub now on the upper part of his bandaged arm. It is all he can do to stay awake right now. To not fall asleep in the warm water and under Huxs gentle touch. To the Generals credit, Ren doesnt experience any pain as Hux continues to wash him. When was the last time he was touched so gently? Cared for so completely? Not that Hux was unkind to him or negligent, but there is something so intimate about the care that the General is giving him now, it makes Rens heart ache. Raise your head a rnsearc , let me wash your face. Then Ill tend to your hair and youll feel much better, Hux assures him. Kylo feels one hand lifting his head up and the warm cloth is cleaning his face. Kylo moans softly, melting into the touch. Phasma returns, setting some clothes on the counter. She helps support Ren as Hux drains the tub and then carefully pours clean water over Rens head, rinsing his hair six times before shampooing it with nimble fingers and rinsing it again. Work with us now, you need to stand. Dont fall asleep here, Huxs voice is prompting him, encouraging him to move, instead of being boneless. Ren tries, he really does. But his legs are jelly and wobbly and he ends up leaning heavily on Phasma as the General dries him and helps him into a set of lightweight black sweatpants and a soft shirt. Kylo doesnt remember owning such clothes and they arent First Order issued. But they are softer than anything hes ever worn and just loose enough so he doesnt feel strangled or confined. They have left his neck unbandaged, much to his relief, he doesnt think he could stand to have anything around his throat again for a long time. Hux slides under his other shoulder to support him and then he and Phasma are guiding him out of the bathroom. Rens world is fading in and out of darkness as they guide him to the bed. Hes dimly aware that Mitaka is somewhere nearby, as is Ashara, but hes too exhausted to care if they see him like this. He wants to sleep, he wants Hux to be next to him, warm and safe. To pretend, just for a little longer, that everything will be all right. That his life hasnt spiraled completely out of control and that he isnt a broken, fractured fragment of a person. Here, just rest, Phasma is murmuring to him as they ease him into Huxs bed. Ren whimpers, weakly reaching for the General as hes laid down on the mattress. Hes not going far, it's okay, Phasma promises him, stroking his damp, freshly cleaned hair out of his face. Ren tries to push himself up, tries to reach for Hux. He doesnt want to fall asleep without the other man near him. Hux is his stability, the reason hes alive still, Ren wants him! Needs him! Im right here, Huxs voice comes from Rens other side and the mattress sinks slightly as the General moves across it. Drink this, hes pressing a mug of something hot to Rens lips. Kylo fights against it for a few seconds but then his stomach howls and he gives in. Hux supports his head as he shakily gulps down the hot, thick drink. It makes him think of root vegetables, bacon and spices and it comforts him deep down as he drinks it. Somehow he stays conscious long enough for Hux to help him drink a second mug of the stuff and then a large glass of water. Then, the fearsome leader of the Knights of Ren hiccups and falls asleep with his head on General Huxs chest. This time, he doesnt dream. --- Thank you, Hux said in the heavy silence that filled the room as the Knight fell unconscious. He looks at the three who surround them. All of you. Had you not been here I do not know what would have happened. Will he be all right? Mitaka asked quietly. The Lieutenants face was pale and his eyes were wide, Hux wasnt sure how much of Rens screaming had been heard by the others, but then again the blood stained bathroom and the bandage on Rens arm would have been indication enough. I dont know. I cant be certain that this wasnt a long time coming or if something he endured down in that base has caused it to rise to the surface. Or perhaps it is a mix of the two. Lieutenant Mitaka, Lady Ashara, Hux looks at them both. I am placing my confidence in you both. Please do not disappoint me. The two look at each other and it is Ashara who speaks for them. After all Lord Ren has done for us, I can promise you General, you have our utmost discretion and our highest confidence. She inclines her head to him in a gesture of respect, humming a little as she does. Thank you, Hux returns the gesture. Lady Ashara if you could report to the medical bay in the morning, they will begin specing out your prosthetic. Now, I need a moment to speak to the Captain, good night, both of you and congratulations on your engagement. Mitaka smiles faintly and takes Asharas wrist, leading her out of the room. Hux waits until he is certain that they are both gone before turning to Phasma. She is frowning, never a good sign. Why did you let him go alone? With only Mitaka? she asks quietly. To keep the matter quiet. If word got out- And for all your worrying about keeping things under wraps Kylo has gotten hurt and you had to disappear for seven days to go rescue him! He did not want you to know! Hux shot back at her. He knew you would want to come! And with Ematt thinking that you two are lovers he would have doubled his efforts to take both of you! And what was I supposed to do? Tell him not to go? Put him under house arrest? Ground him like a child? Ren stirred slightly and Hux glanced at him, expression concerned. Are you so deluded that you think you are doing the right thing? Phasma hissed at him, lowering her voice. Are you so selfish? So egotistically self-centered to think that you can save him? Hux closed his eyes, a muscle working in his jaw as he fought to keep his composure. You question my motives? I question why you thought bringing him back to the Order was the best thing for him? Bringing him back to Snoke! Of all the places in the Galaxy you thought bringing him back here was his best bet at recovery from whatever horror has been done to him? Phasma gestures exasperatedly. The Order is the safest place we have! Would you have had me give him to another faction of the Resistance? Hux fires back at her, careful to keep his voice low as Ren presses himself against his chest. Take him to some backwater shipstop and hide him away like smuggled goods? Listen to yourself! You are so quick to blame me for this- You are supposed to protect him! Phasma whisper shouts at him. Have you met the person you are talking about? Hux growls back at her. He is not an invalid, nor a child! He is- He has been hurt by too many people, you included! I recall him crying on my shoulder because of you more times than I care to count! Phasma glares at him. Try thinking about what is best for Kylo if you love him as much as you claim.  Everything I do is for him, Hux whispers through gritted teeth. I would destroy worlds if that is what it would take! And therein lies your problem, Phasma jabs an accusing finger at him. Youre too busy with grand proclamations to actually think about what he needs ! Hux stares at her, stunned into silence as Phasma continues. What good are destroyed worlds if all he wants is you to hold him? the Captains voice softens. What good is mass murder, if all he needs is someone to talk to? Think about what he wants. What he needs , Hux. No what fantastical design you have in mind for dramatic flair. So what do you think he needs then? Since youre an expert on the matter, Hux grumbles at her. Enlighten me, please . Thats your job to find out. Im not the one in a relationship with him. He looks at you like youre the only thing the Galaxy that matters to him. The least you can do is be aware of his needs, she stands then, gathering back up her armor. Let me know when you need me to care for him. I know youre a busy man, you have a Galaxy to conquer after all. I can understand that caring for the man you love would naturally come second to that. Then she is gone, leaving Hux alone in the room, Ren curled against him, shivering in an uneasy sleep. ---- Something warm and damp drags across his face. Ren shivers and pulls away from it. Easy, it's okay, someone murmurs to him and the warm, damp thing goes over his face again, carefully scrubbing at the corners of his eyes to remove the buildup of sleep. A hand is touching his chest, warm and gentle. Then the damp thing is pressing gently against the underside of his chin and along his neck, washing away the stiffness of sweat that hes accumulated in his sleep. Ren feels a little lighter, a little fresher for the gentle touches. There now, the person is telling him. Youll rest a little easier now. Just rest a rnsearc . Hux? Ren cant seem to will his eyes to open. The lids are too heavy, just like every other part of his body. He feels like weights are attached to him. Shhh, just rest. Im here. No one will hurt you. There is the smell of something minty and herbal filling the air and one of Rens hands is picked up and a warm oil is streaked over it. Then thumbs and fingers start to lightly massage his hand and work their way up his wrist, spreading the oil along his undamaged arm. The touch is soft, barely a whisper and it puts Ren at ease. He feels the tension drain out of him as clever fingers find a trigger point and press in on it briefly, uncoiling the knots that fill his arm. Huxs fingers leave his arm and return with more oil, working it further up his arm, under his shirt and along his shoulder and the base of his neck. As Hux works, loosening the knotted muscles, coaxing the taunt, damaged tissue to relax, he starts to hum softly. Then his voice fills the space between them, low and guttural. Dn do shil, a rn mo chro A chuid den tsaol, 's a ghr liom... Ren doesnt understand the words, but hes too tired to care as calm comes over him. Then he realizes that Hux is singing to him, not speaking and the Knight feels his heart ache at the tenderness of the gesture. He tries to follow the words, he wants to remember them, wants to hold this moment in his mind and immortalize it. Never lose it. But his mind cant seem to focus. The damp cloth brushes his face again and Kylo realizes hes been crying. This isnt the wretched sobs of pain from earlier, but of relief, of something massive uncoiling in his chest. Slowly the weight of shame, self-hatred and pain leave him as Hux continues to care for him and quietly sing to him. Gradually, Kylo falls back asleep. ---- Did he wake at all today? No, nothing, sir. He slept soundly the entire time. Thank you for doing this. I know it is an added burden. I dont mind. Its the least I can do after all the trouble he went through for Ashara and I. We look after our own, remember sir? --- Consciousness is playing at the edges of his mind. Ren groans quietly, he is hungry. So ravenously hungry Here, Kylo. Drink this, someone was lifting his head up and pressing a mug to his lips. Ren struggled against it, whimpering, his eyes cracking open his vision is blurry and moving hurts. Everything hurts. A whimper leaves him again. Shh, it's okay Kylo. Drink this, youll feel better. He finally gave in, groggily taking a sip of the broth in the mug. It was milky and sweet and makes him moan softly. Ren tries to move his hands, to take control of the mug, but hes shaking too badly to be able to hold it. It's okay little brother, not so fast. Not so fast or youll get sick, she warns him and the Knight realizes that hes cradled in the Captains lap, his head resting on her thigh. Anxiety seizes his drowsy mind. Phasma will be so mad at him! She will be furious! Rens hands clutch at the bedding. He cant face her, not now. Not like this. Not when hes in such disrepair. She would never forgive him for The mug is pulled away and Phasmas arms go around him. Shhh, dont be afraid Kylo. Im not mad at you. It isnt your fault. He still trembles, even as she rubs a hand over his chest in an effort to soothe him. It isnt your fault, Kylo, she tells him again, but her voice sounds angry all the same. One of her hands goes to rest over the bandage on his arm and he shudders. Rest Kylo. You just worry about resting, getting your strength back. It is hard to rest when he feels her anger radiating off her in hot, molten waves. It makes his stomach knot and twist on itself. Im not mad at you, she promises him. Im mad that he allowed you to get so hurt. She places a kiss on the top of his head. You dont deserve any of this awfulness. Ren cant fall back asleep, despite Phasma trying to soothe him. He is frightened, because her wrath is so different than his. Phasmas anger is calm, collected and wounds with devastating accuracy and has a slow burn to it. He hears the door open and turns his head, forcing his eyes to open a bit and sees Huxs red hair in the dim light. Everything still takes so much effort to do. The little bit of strength he has regained has been drained from him by his fear at the confrontation he knows hes about to witness. Phasma is moving, extracting herself from how she is cuddling the Knight and stands, going to speak to the General. Kylo cant hear their words at first but as the conversation draws on they both start to gesture and fragments of their conversation reach him. -selfish! Hes suffering! -trying to help him! -creating a co-dependency- -no idea what youre talking about! Arrogant! Delusional! Bastard! Phasmas hand moves then, and Ren hides his face in the pillow, his entire body tensing as the sound of her hand slapping Huxs face echoes throughout the Generals quarters. Silence permeates the room. Get. Out, Huxs voice is deadly quiet. There is the sound of Phasmas footsteps leaving and the door opening and closing as she does. Ren curls in on himself, trying to push down the memories that are threatening to surface in his mind. But he cant. Suddenly hes five again and hes caught between his parents as they fight. Han and Leia are screaming at each other and his head whips back and forth between them as they yell, his dark eyes wide and brimming with tears. Ben doesnt remember what theyre arguing about, what has made them so angry, but theyre always angry at each other it seems. Even the simplest conversations turn into fights and more often than not Ben is stuck between them. They never strike at each other with their hands, instead they do so with words. Screaming harmful, hateful things until one or the other has had enough and grabs Ben by his arm and drags him away, conceding the fight. Sometimes Ben wont see his other parent for days at a time. Han will take him and Chewie on the Falcon and fly through space, or Leia will drag him to the Senate meetings where Ben is expected to sit quietly as she works. On nights like this he cant seem to stop crying. He just wants them to stop hurting each other like this! He wants the people he loves to stop destroying each other! Kylo doesnt notice Hux gently rubbing his back, trying to soothe him as he sobs, trying to quiet his distress. Ren is too caught up in the pain of the memory that has been dragged to the surface. He cries and cries until sleep overtakes him once again and Kylo wishes, prays even, that this time he doesnt wake up. --- Ren blinked, his vision slowly unblurring as he found himself able to actually fully open his eyes for the first time in days. He was lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling of the room he was in. Huxs room. The lights were low, but the bedding he was curled in was soft and it smelled like the General. Clean, the faint smell of starch and boot polish and then the hint of mint. This was Huxs room. This place was safe. His head felt fuzzy, and his mouth was dry. Dull pain radiated through the Knights body and his arm stung . Yet it all didnt hurt as much as it had previously. Slowly Ren turned his head, finding that he was able to move a bit more now as he looked at his left arm. A white bandage covered the upper half of his forearm. So that part hadnt been a dream. He really had Had tried again. It all came crashing back to him in a rush. Hux catching him. Rens own screaming at the General, his explosion of emotion, accidentally stabbing Hux. Phasma stitching both of them up. Hux washing him so gently Then the fleeting memories of hazy half-awake moments, of Hux singing to him, Phasma feeding him and the two fighting about what was best for him. A small groan left the Knight and he curled onto his side, hugging his wounded arm against his chest, shame flooded him and self-loathing filled him. Now that he was fully awake, there was no escaping the reality of what had happened. Of what he had tried to do and how it had affected everyone around him. For all the time hed spent in the cradle of unconsciousness, exhaustion pressed at him, and he found he didnt have the strength or will to face anyone, let alone himself. He wanted to vanish from existence. All those awful feelings surged back through him and he pressed his bruised face against a pillow, trying to hold off the sobs that were threatening to burst from him. Lord Ren? a voice came from above him. That was right, someone had been murmuring to themselves, that was what Ren had heard before hed become fully conscious. Whoever it was, he didnt want to face them. He couldnt. A hand gently touched his shoulder and he flinched away from it. Go away, Ren mumbled miserably into the pillow. Im afraid I cant, sir, the voice said apologetically. Generals orders, you arent to be left alone. Ren peeked out from the pillow, as the person sat on the edge of the bed. It was Mitaka he realized. The Lieutenant carefully reached out to him again and this time Ren let the smaller man rest a hand on his back. Wheres Hux? Ren asked, his voice sounded strange to his own ears, shifting so he was hugging the pillow slightly. The bridge, the standard shift will be ending soon though and hell be back, Mitaka offered him a wane smile. Can I get you anything? Are you hungry? Youve been sleeping for three days since.. he gestured to the bandaged arm Ren was hugging to his chest. The Knight glanced at the bandage and hugged the damaged limb closer to him. Has it really been three days? Ren asked quietly, his stomach knotting. He was losing track of time. Sleeping too much. He shouldnt be sleeping this much! Fear took hold of him. You were in really bad shape when we rescued you, Mitaka explained as he poured Ren a cup of water. The medical droids say youll need at least a year to recover. A year? Rens eyes went wide and he shook his head. He couldnt lose a year! He might as well be dead for all the use he would be. His Master would Snoke would With a grunt Ren pushed himself up, fear pushing him into action. Self-preservation overriding his shame. Overriding his desire to hide in a hole and die. His muscles and bones sent pain shooting through him in protest at his sudden movements. Ren clenched his teeth against the pain. I cant ...Im fine as I am now. You really shouldnt move too much, sir! Mitaka protested, his hands moving as if he might try to stop Ren. Im fine . I dont need a babysitter and I dont need to waste a year of my life being useless! Ren snapped at him, making to push the smaller man out of the way. Mitaka moved then, placing his hands on Rens upper arms, not enough to hurt but firmly enough to keep him still and standing, using his weight to keep Ren from getting up any further. You almost died back there! Youre my friend, Kylo! I cant let you go and destroy yourself! We still dont understand everything they did to you! Ren looked up at the Lieutenant, his vision becoming spotty as he did and he had to grab onto Mitaka for support. Truth be told he was too tired to fight. He was sweating and trembling already, damn Mitaka for being right. He was in no condition to do much of anything. The energy of panic that his fear had given him was fleeting and it left the Knight with a sickening sense of helplessness. Self-loathing rose in his throat like bile and he wanted to scream in frustration. This was embarrassing, not even being able to sit up, not being able to care for himself. Mitaka supported him and gently eased him back down onto the bed. His world was spinning slightly as the Lieutenant lifted his head to help him drink some water. They sat in silence for a few moments before the Knight spoke again. What did they do to me? he asked quietly. His hands were shaking and he closed them into tight fists in the blankets in an effort to still them. They they were torturing you. Using you like a lab rat, Mitaka tells him quietly. Ren nods, there isnt much else he can do, his eyes are suddenly blurring with tears and he presses the heels of his hands against them. He shouldn't cry! He has to stop crying! This is weakness! Pathetic weakness! Kylo, a voice reaches him, cutting through his misery and he looks up. Hux is standing there, his shift must have just ended, and the expression on his face is a mix of pain and relief. Ren looks away, he cant bare that expression on Huxs face, it makes him feel like a charity case. It makes him wish that hed locked the door so Hux couldnt have stopped him. So that he wouldnt have to see his lover in such pain. Hux is moving then and Mitaka stands, leaving Ren on the bed and the two are speaking quietly. He just woke up. Hes not happy about the bedrest, Mitaka tells the General. I cant blame him, but he needs time to recover. Ill take it from here, thank you again, Mitaka, Hux puts a hand the younger mans shoulder. Your fiance's surgery is in a few hours. Go spend some time with her. Yes, sir. Thank you. With that Mitaka is gone and Hux waits for a moment and then moves to the bed, a hand going to stroke Rens hair. The Knights eyes close and he leans into the touch and they dont say anything for a moment. I was worried about you, Hux tells him softly. Thought Id lost you twice. Ren looks up at him, his mouth twists and he feels all the wrong words threatening to spill out. Hux leans down and presses a kiss to his forehead and that is all it takes. Why did you stop me? Ren whispers. Hux pulls away, confused and then he sits at the edge of the bed, opening his mouth to speak, but Ren cuts him off. The words dont stop coming, they pour out of him, all wrong and hurtful and he cant make himself shut up. All the hurt and confusion that has had time to float to the surface, the misguided anger and fear come out in a rush. Why did you stop me if you knew I would be stuck like this for a year? Why didnt you just let me die! his chest is heaving and sharp pain seizes him, making him double over. You knew what happened to me! What was done and still you keep me around! Why? Do you like seeing me like this? Broken and useless so that you can feel powerful? This isnt a game, I cant do this anymore! I cant Hux! Snoke will Snoke will kill me when he finds out. Youve signed the warrant for my execution! Ren hides his face in his hands and cries. He hates himself. How weak hes become, how broken. Hates that Hux had to risk his life for him. Hates that there is no way out. Hux lets him cry, waiting for the worst of his sobs to quiet, before placing a hand on Rens leg. Do you want to go home, Kylo? the General asks. Hes not looking at Ren, but at the floor. The question confuses the Knight. What are you talking about? he whispers, feeling renewed anxiety shoot through him. We encountered your father when we rescued you. He promised to take you someplace safe. Somewhere out of reach of the Resistance and the First Order, Huxs voice is strained and his other hand is balled into a fist. If if you want to go, if you want to escape, I will find a way to contact him and you can leave. No strings attached. So youd get rid of me? Ren whispers. Im too much hassle and you want to be rid of me. He knows this isnt what Hux is saying, can feel the hurt and worry pouring off the General. But Ren cant stop himself, cant hold back the words that he knows will wound his lover. Hes self-sabotaging in the worst way. Trying to hurt Hux so the other wont miss him when he tries again. When he ensures that the door is locked this time. Thats not true, Huxs voice breaks and he looks at Ren, green eyes full of hurt and damnably, love. I want you safe! Away from everything Snoke is doing to you! Kylo, you have a father who loves you enough to steal you from a Resistance base, this is your chance! Dont you see that? Dont you see the General bows his head, his shoulders shaking now. Dont you get it? Ren sucks in a breath at the wave of emotion that comes from Hux. It makes sense now. Han Solo, for all his dysfunction, loves his son, something Hux never had. Something he is almost envious of. Which is why the General is willing to look the other way if Ren wants to disappear, to run back to his family, away from Snoke. Kylos heart races at the implications of his lovers words. What would happen to you? Youll come with me right? Ren asks quietly. He knows the answer though, even before he asks it. Hux wont defect, not to the Resistance. But perhaps the General will come with him? Someone has to stop the Resistance from looking for you. Someone has to lie to Snoke about what happened to you. Someone has to tell him you died, Hux looks back at Ren. If we both leave now, he will never stop hunting us down. I cant go with you. There is heartbreak in the Generals voice, but resolution, as if hed planned this all out long ago. Ren bites his lip and looks at the blankets in his lap, fussing with them. This was his chance, his way out of this hell. His father was willing to take him back home, after everything But who was to say he wouldnt throw him back out? That he wouldnt discard the man who was no longer the son hed known? It had been Han who said suggested they send him to his uncle to begin with. Han who had been most afraid of the dark power that his son had exhibited. No. There was no way that the smuggler would ever accept the man who had killed Ben Solo. I cant go home, Ren whispered tightly. They would never accept me. Hux takes Rens hands in his own leather gloved ones, gently squeezing them. Kylo, I would never send you away like that. This choice is yours, not mine. It is your family, your home, Hux tells him gently. Your life, do you understand? he moves a hand to cup Rens face, and leans forward, resting his head against Rens, the Knight shudders at how close they are. How he can practically feel Huxs thoughts and emotions through their physical contact. I love you, the General whispers. So much. And I want for your happiness, your safety, your joy. If there is any way I can give you that, be it by means grand or small, I will do it. Even if that means parting from you. Please Kylo, dont make this decision hastily. Hux, Ren bit his lip. He had never really spoken about his parents and the unstable relationship they had. But to the General, even that would have been kind compared to how Brendol Hux had treated him. Ren exhaled heavily through his nose, sniffling slightly. They wouldnt accept me. There is no way they could. Not after what Ive become. They sent me away because they were afraid of me, afraid I would become like my grandfather. If anything Ive become more like him. Theyll just lock me away, hide me like a dirty secret. Ren shakes his head. His is Darkness, a foul blight in the family that will only bring them misery and hardship. They are so caught up in their righteousness, in the promise of Light, they will never truly accept what he is. Or what he has become. I dont want that. I dont want to live my life out in a cage. I dont want to go back to being caught between them. I dont want to listen to them screaming at each other. Fighting all the time. I cant go back to that, Feidhelm. I cant! His hands tighten on Huxs as he looks at the older man, beseechingly. The memories of his parents constantly fighting welling up in his mind, terrifying and hurtful. They always fought and I was always stuck between them, being pulled from side to side. I dont want to go back to that, to being used as a means of them hurting each other. I want  he bites his lip. I want to stay here. You arent afraid of me, you dont hide me away. Hux, I have friends here, for the first time in my life! I have friends! People who who make the bad days a little more bearable. Youre my family Hux, my home is with you! I dont want to trade it for anything! What about the Supreme Leader? You said yourself he will kill you, or worse, Huxs voice is soft, barely above a whisper. Ren shudders at that reminder. Yes, he is afraid of his Master. Terrified. That alone should have been enough to make him want to flee. But no He will not run. Do you know the story of Darth Vader? How he turned to the Light, how he failed? Ren asked the General. Huxs brow furrows at the topic change and he straightens. I know of him, but nothing of his personal life. Then I will tell you, Ren starts to trace his fingers over the back of Huxs gloves. For a Sith Lord to surpass their Master, they must kill their Master. Darth Vader killed his Master, but the act itself was one of compassion, one that saved his son, my uncle, Luke Skywalker. In that moment of compassion he returned to the Light side, forsaking all the knowledge and power he had gained through the Darkness over the years. He failed at being a true Sith. I... Ren shifts his weight, chewing on his words before speaking them. I want to succeed where he failed. I want to strike my Master down, free myself from his cruel hand, but not lose all I have learned. All I have gained. All that Darkness that has always answered my call when the Light never did, there is small excitement building in his voice as he talks. It gives him energy, distracts his thoughts from the pain, the despair that had dominated his mind so completely. As he speaks, he forgets for these few minutes that he wants to die. I I will never be a Sith like Vader was. Those teachings are lost. But the least I can do is ensure that when I strike my Master down, and ensure he will never harm another again, that I will not lose myself to the fickle Light. He glances at the General, nervous to see his expression, worried that his own zealotism will alienate his lover. But Hux is listening quietly, expression one of great curiosity. What will you do then? Hux asks as Rens fingers continue to trace nonsense patterns on the back of his gloved hands. What do you mean? Ren looks at him, tilting his head to one side. After Snoke is dead. Then what? A smile crosses Rens face as he feels joy and hope bubble up within him. It's dumb, youd laugh. I wont laugh. I promise. Have I ever laughed at something like this? Ren looks away, he knows Hux is right. But this is something hes never said aloud before. Never told anyone. I cant be the only one like this right? There have to be other Force-Sensitives who are intrinsically drawn to the Dark Side, right? I mean the sheer probability of it, the number of beings in the Galaxy, there have to be others right? Of course, Hux agrees, gently prompting him to continue. I want to teach others how to use that power and not be afraid of it. This... schism that has been forced into existence is stupid! They all prattle on about balance, but they never find it. Instead of repressing the Dark Side, treating it like a plague, it should be allowed to exist! Ren feels his voice gaining strength as he speaks. He knows this path, knows how much it hurts to be rejected and feared because when he reaches for his power he reaches into the Darkness. The people who wield that power should be allowed to exist without being told that something is wrong with them! Or that theyre evil! No child should ever be cast aside because they draw from their power from the Dark Side! Ren is panting for breath, hes exhausted himself in his passion about this and Hux is clutching his hands tightly. No one should have to go through the horrors that I have just be able to learn how to use their power, Ren finishes in a whisper. They shouldnt be ashamed of it. I I want to do for others what Shelish did for me. He glances up at Hux, nervous now. Am I making any sense? Im not entirely delusional am I? Not any more delusional than I am, Hux promises him. Are you certain? This is the choice you want to make? Ren nods. Yes. I I am a little afraid though. Will you stay with me? Through all of it? The bad days and the good? I will, Hux leans to him, pressing a kiss that is almost chaste against Rens dry lips. I promise, my Knight. I will be by your side. Relief floods the Knight. For the first time in weeks things feel almost right . Despite the pain hes in, and the cloud of depression that wont let go of his mind, Kylo Ren feels hopeful. Hux stands, toeing off his boots as he sheds his uniform jacket and gloves, setting them aside on his desk and picking up a small container. He brings it back to the bed and sits across from Ren, opening it. I thought you might want more than a liquid diet, he told Ren. Kylo peered into the container and couldnt stop the smile that spread across his face. The container was stuffed with sliced fruit! Kylo reached forward, hesitating with his fingers hovering just above a piece. His mouth was watering and he was suddenly achingly hungry. Hux is pointedly looking away, distracting himself with something on his datapad. Kylo felt a surge of gratitude towards the General for the other man giving him this bit of space. Slowly he plucked a small berry from the container, popping it into his mouth and sighing at the taste of it as its juices burst in his mouth. ---- They had ended up curled together, both eating the fruit out of the container. Hux was stroking his hair, letting Ren have the majority of the fruit. With Huxs warm and soft body pressed against his back, some of the aches in the Knights body faded and he relaxed. One of Huxs hands was steadily rubbing along Kylos spine and carding through his hair. I love you, Feidhelm. Thank you, Kylo whispers tiredly. Hux presses a kiss to the back of his neck, the gesture warms Kylo from head to toes. He wishes he wasnt so exhausted, he cant seem to shake it off him though. Perhaps it was a good thing he was on bedrest But surely he could manage to get to the bathroom? Ren pushed himself up with a grunt. Oh, that was painful. Hux sat up with him. Kylo? Im fine, he groans. Just, he winced as pain shot through him as he stood. Just gotta pee. Do you want help? Hux stands with him, a hand resting on the small of his back. No. No, let me, let me do it. I need to get stronger. Okay? Kylo glances at him. He sees Huxs hesitation, the worry that Ren will lock the bathroom door this time, despite all that has been said. Ren bows his head, Hux was right to worry, because the urges arent all gone. The thoughts are still there, whispering in the back of his mind. Lurking like a monster in the dark of ones closet. Im sorry, Hux tells him quietly. I cant leave you alone, not right now. Not so soon after. Ren nods and limps to the bathroom, Hux walking alongside him. The General pauses, leaning against the doorframe as Ren flicks the light on. The blood is gone, but the mirror is still shattered, Ren avoids looking at it and focuses on the task of taking a piss without falling over. As he moves to wash his hands though, he cant avoid it. He stares at the shattered pieces of glass, half of them are ready to fall off the wall. Some of them are big enough that he could probably ram them through his chest if he tried... For a second he is certain he sees a phantom behind him and he jerks back from the mirror. His eyes are playing tricks on him. They have to be. Ren scrubs at his eyes, his breathing becoming erratic. It's not real, he whispers to himself. It's not real. He glances back at the mirror, at its shattered pieces. This time he sees his Master there, scarred face twisted in displeasure. Ren staggers backwards with a noise of panic and he would have tripped into the bathtub had Hux not caught him. Easy Kylo, the General whispers to him, turning him away from the shattered mirror. Easy. Here, look at me. No, no, look at me, he has to keep turning Rens face back to him as the Knight keeps looking over his shoulder back at the mirror. Tell me what is happening. I Rens brow knits, he doesnt know what hes seeing. Ghouls? Spooks? Something out of a story you tell small children to scare them at night. Has he lost his mind entirely? I dont knowHux... Ren looks at the redhead, he can see Huxs brow knitted in concern as he strokes Rens face. Then the world flickers out of focus and screams fill the Knights ears. Monster! Unstable, too much Vader in him! Send him away. Hes dangerous! Monster! Disappointment! Traitor! Kylo! Huxs voice breaks through the screams and Ren finds himself on the floor of the bathroom, his hands clutching his head, pulling at his hair, nails threatening to tear into his scalp. Hux is kneeling in front of him, a hand on his shoulder, another on his face. The Generals face is drained of all color. Ren slumps forward slightly, pressing his face against Huxs shoulder, his arms going around the General as he trembles. What did they do to me? he whispers. Ren is afraid, more afraid than hes ever been in his life. His very reality is falling apart. Real and unreal are blending together, memories are mixing with the present and for a long, terrifying moment he feels his connection to the Force go silent. A small cry leaves him and Huxs arms go around him, one hand stroking his back, trying to soothe him, the other cradling his head. What did they do to me Hux? Ren looks at the General. Whats wrong with me? What did they do to me in that hell hole? Tell me! Hux closes his eyes, wincing, his grip on Ren tightens slightly, as if the answer itself is painful to give. We dont know all of it yet, our own R&D department is looking into the chemical formulas and notes still, the General tells him. What? Rens brow knits. So other people know - No! Hux says, so sharply that Ren flinches at his tone. No, Hux repeats more softly. No, Mitaka has altered the documents. Only he and I have the records of you being in the Resistances hands. But there were twenty-seven other test subjects before you. Test subjects? Ren feels his chest tighten and Hux nods. The General pauses before he speaks debating something with himself, and then settles himself on the bathroom floor, gently pulling Ren into his arms so he is cradling the larger man. Ematts division is formally in charge of interrogation for the Resistance, Hux tells him. This includes any Force-Sensitives that they may come in contact with. So hes developed this  Hux shakes his head in distaste. Science project, to explore how to interrogate, manipulate and control Force-Sensitives. The reason he kept Mitakas fiance alive all this time was because he was trying to get his hands on you. Hed already found twenty-seven Light side Force users, but your abilities come from the polar opposite end of the spectrum. Ren has to close his eyes. How? How can he do this? The Republic doesnt endorse torture! My mother would never the words die on his lips. His mother who had looked at him like he was a stranger. His mother didn't care. Kylo Im so sorry, Hux says quietly, holding his hands gently. Ren swallows heavily, suddenly it becomes hard to breathe and he presses his face against Huxs neck, as if it will hide him from the awful truth. From the reality that his mother knew and did nothing. But worse that this project had already consumed twenty-seven other Force users. Ren wants to cry, he wants to scream and mourn the loss of his mothers love. But he finds that he cant. Instead he can only tremble in Huxs arms. In this instant he is glad that he has chosen to stay here and not go back home. There is truly nothing for him there. Tell me Tell me more, he finally says when he trusts himself enough to speak. Hux presses a kiss to his temple. Are you certain you want to know? Yes. I will leave you the files to read over the details if you want. But hes looking to create weapons that can be used against Force-Sensitives. That means you, the other Knights, your Master, probably even Skywalker himself. Anyone. Ematts work reads like a man who is afraid and someone who has convinced wealthy investors to be just as fearful. He calls it Project Force Choke, Hux starts to card a hand through Rens hair as he speaks. The Knight realizes it is a gesture that is meant to not only comfort him but distract the General as well as he talks. There are numerous compounds that are meant to trigger different reactions in the Force-Sensitives body, most are for controlling the individual, but several are also for interrogation. They  I dont know how many times or different combinations of these drugs they gave you, Hux tells him. Ren feels a small bit of panic rise in him. But its been days! Ren looks up at Hux. Why am I still feeling the effects of the drugs? We dont know, Hux says quietly. Currently medical is guessing that the half-life of the injections is a long one. There is no way of knowing until we can replicate the work. Best case scenario, it all clears out in a few weeks. But Ematt had long term plans, if he was successful then there is the chance that the drugs have bonded to your DNA  Silence falls, save for Rens harsh breathing. He understands everything Hux has said, its implications. That was why he was on the long leave of absence that he was. They had to make sure that he could be functional still. That his lapses in reality, his flashbacks stop and his connection to the Force remains intact. The prospect of being permanently damaged like this is terrifying. Hux, Im afraid, he whispers. Whats going to happen to me? What if I dont get better? He looks at the other man. Ill take care of you, Kylo. No matter what. Ill take care of you, protect you. I promise, Hux tells him, holding him close. --- A few hours later Ren has calmed, a bit. No further lapses in reality have taken hold of him. No further hallucinations. But it is only one night and this is the longest stretch of time hed been conscious for since his rescue. They will have to be careful as he recovers. He and Hux have both bathed and Hux has changed the bandage on Rens arm. Theyre back in the Generals bed now and Kylo is dressed in another set of very soft sweatpants and a shirt, Hux as it turned out had gotten the Knight more clothes, dedicating half of his own dresser to the Force-user. The Knight was sipping something warm, heavily fortified with nutrients and cacao-y out of a mug as he was curled against the General. Hux is stroking Rens hair again and the Generals mind is quiet, or at least as quiet as it ever gets. Ren knows that the redhead never ceases in his planning of contingencies, or stops worrying about the Knight. It is heartwarming in a way to know that he is so fiercely loved. Feidhelm? Yes, Kylo? Ren takes a deep breath and slowly lets it out. Thank you for stopping me. Those days ago. I I was so mad that you had at first. But just thank you. Hux takes Rens injured arm and presses a kiss against the bandage. We have to look out for each other, a rnsearc . --- Ren felt the mattress shifting, gently jostling him awake, despite the painful attempts taken not to do just that. He tried to ignore it, to fall back into the pleasant oblivion of sleep, but then the warmth of Huxs body was pulling away from him and there was no escaping waking. The sounds of the General getting dressed for the day filled the room: dresser drawers quietly opening and closing, the rustle of clothing, the sound of water from the bathroom as Hux shaved and washed his face. Kylo sighed, rolling onto his stomach, wincing as he did. He tried to ignore the pain of his fractured ribs and will himself to go back to sleep. There was a soft knock at the door and the Knight cracked one eye open to watch as Hux went to answer it. Oh. Captain, the General sounded legitimately surprised. I didnt expect you to- Im here for Kylos sake, not yours, was her clipped reply, their altercation a few days prior not forgotten. I know Mitaka is tending to his fiancee with her surgery and youre too busy- Im not going to have this discussion now, Hux cut her off. Either come in or go away, but do not stand there in the hall and lecture me. It was quiet for a moment and there was the sound of Phasmas boots along with Huxs clicking on the floor of the bedroom as the door closed. Ren let out a quiet breath of relief, glad that they werent going to be fighting again. Make sure he eats at some point, keep him hydrated, Hux was telling the Captain as he pulled on his greatcoat. I suspect hell be awake soon, if he isnt already and just eavesdropping on us, the General paused and then continued, his voice dropping a bit lower. The longer he is fully conscious the more likely we are to see some of the lingering effects of what Ematt did to him. Yesterday evening he had a dissociative episode. Have the medical droid draw his blood around noon, I want to know how much of the drugs are still in his system. The droid knows what to look for? Phasma asked. It does, I had the chemical structures loaded into it, Hux turns from her then and approaches the bed. Ren closes the eye he had open, feigning sleep as Hux stroked a hand through his hair. The General says nothing, as his hand lingers on Rens head and the Knight turns and nuzzles into the palm of it. Dont go, Ren whispered, opening both eyes and glancing up at Hux. He knew Hux had a ship to run, had a military to organize and guide, responsibilities galore and does not have the luxury of taking leave whenever he wanted like petty officers might. But Kylo wanted to be selfish, wanted the redhead to stay close to him and not leave him. He wanted Hux there, holding him and keeping the terrible things at bay. Hux gives him a sad smile. Im sorry, Kylo, I have to, he leans down and presses a kiss to the Knights temple. Ill be back later, I promise. Kylo reaches out, his fingers catching on the edge of the sleeve of Huxs uniform jacket. Stay? Please? He cant seem to form the words to express how badly he needs Hux to stay. Kylo is so painfully awake and hyper alert right now, he feels like hes adrift in an ocean, about to be swept under. It frightens him. Hux closes his eyes to avoid the pleading look the Knight is giving him. Im sorry, he whispers. I want to, but I cant. Not today. Ill try to take some time off as soon as I can. I promise, he kisses Rens temple again and then straightens, pulling away and turning on his heel. Ren watches him go until the door closing behind the General makes his absence a reality. Kylo turns away, hugging one of the pillows against his chest. It was the one Hux had used the night prior, it still smelled of him, of his soap and shampoo. Ren hid his face against it, trying to will himself to not cry. To breathe calmly. The edge of the mattress sank behind him and he knew Phasma was sitting there. He didnt want to look at her. Didnt want to talk to her. Hey, come on, she placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. Lets get you some breakfast. Not hungry, he mumbled into the pillow he was hugging. You need to eat, Kylo. If you eat, youll get your strength back. And if you dont eat I will force the nutrition cubes down your throat. You know I will, she threatened. She had done so before when he and Hux had broken up. Her care was one of necessity and tough love, and while he normally appreciated it, right now he couldnt bring himself to. He shied away from her touch, hugging the pillow closer. Kylo Are, are you mad at me? she asked quietly. She sounded so hurt, so upset and concerned that he couldnt bring himself to keep ignoring her. He rolled back over with a groan, still holding tight to Huxs pillow, and gazed up at her. She was in off-duty clothing instead of her armor and her face had worry written all over it. Nothing was said for a long time. I want you to stop fighting with Hux, Kylo finally said. Phasma stared at him. Kylo- No. Im not asking you, he swallowed a bit, his mouth felt dry. I dont want you two fighting anymore. Were all on the same side, theres no need to fight. Phasma frowned and pulled a hand through her hair in exasperation. Kylo, you realize why Im mad at him right? You realize that he let you put yourself in needless danger, he isnt sticking around to take care of you, he brought you back here after you were tortured - Enough! Kylo snapped, his brow furrowing, eyes closing against her words. Enough, he repeated softer. It was my choice to go with only Mitaka, my plan, my lack of foresight that caused things to go wrong and my decision to stay behind so Mitaka and Ashara could escape. Those were my choices. My decisions. Dont blame Hux for what Ematt did to me and dont blame Hux for doing his job. His job is to protect you! By bringing you back here hes put you in danger, Kylo! What if the Supreme Leader finds out? What then? I am certain that Hux considered that when he made the choice to bring me back, I trust him. And why the sudden concern about my Master? he frowned and pushed himself to sit up, still hugging the pillow as he leaned against the backboard of the bed. They never talked about Snoke, or about Rens training. Not directly at least. Her sudden concern was troubling. I  Phasma stutters, her face turning a bit red and she looks away. I met your teacher before she left. She made me face some unpleasant truths that Id been avoiding. Phasmas hands have tightened into fists in her lap. I dont want to see you hurt anymore Kylo. And that always seems to happen with Hux. Even if he says he doesnt mean it, it keeps happening. He makes you cry- her voice trembles and she looks back at him and her can see her blue eyes brimming with tears. Carefully Kylo reaches out and strokes cold fingers against her face as the tears fall. Phasma. Why are you crying? he asked softly, confused. Surely, she wasnt Im crying for you, you big idiot! Because you are too co-dependent on Hux for your happiness and too blinded by whatever validation he gives you to realize that this can go wrong again so very, very fast! She puts a hand over the one he has resting on her cheek. I care about you, stupid! I almost lost you to the Resistance! No one told me what was happening or going on! I found out through Mitakas fiance and only because they had her on the galaxys strongest pain medication! I didnt want you to worry! Kylo whispered, feeling guilt well up in him. In his effort to shield Phasma from what had happened, he had done the opposite. I didnt want you to come after me and get captured too! I told them not to tell, not Hux. Please, please Phasma dont be mad at him, Kylo begs her. I dont want you two fighting! Please! Phasma brushes the tears away from her face with a frustrated sigh. She looks ready to argue the matter further, but Ren doesnt let her. I know that Hux is not perfect. I know he makes mistakes- Terrible ones. But, Kylo continues. Im not perfect either. I Part of it is me. Because all this fucking talking is fucking difficult! he pulls away from her again and hides his face in the pillow making a noise of frustration. It's hard, Phasma! Its hard as hell! And I fuck it up all the time! The words are always wrong! And then I get mad and  I almost broke his arm once! Her hand goes to stroke his hair as he tries to calm down. Eventually he peeks back up at her. But, as hard as it is. As maddeningly difficult as it is sometimes, he gives me time. He waits, encourages me to try again, Rens voice is a whisper in the room. I think one time we spent three hours trying to get it right. Trying to make the words work. We were both in tears by the end of it. But we finally figured it out, Phasma! We finally got the words right! He reaches out and clutches at her shoulder. He doesnt know how to describe it. How to make her understand the relief that had gone through both of them when it had all finally clicked. How very tightly Hux had held him and kissed him. How the General had praised him and gently encouraged him to speak more and, then, the words had flowed freely between them for hours until theyd fallen asleep in each others arms. It was one of Kylos most precious memories from the past year: the first time theyd figured out the right words. Oh, Kylo, Phasma leaned forward and gently hugged him. He stiffened for a moment and then relaxed into the embrace. She holds him for a few minutes, not letting go until he pulls away. Hes afraid that shell find some other fault, that shell devalue everything hes said, and in this moment he doesnt think he can bare that. To his relief, she lets the matter lie. Lets get you some breakfast, hmm? --- Hux came back that evening to find the bed made and Ren sitting in the center of it, back straight and eyes closed. Phasma has commandeered Huxs desk to work on some reports and has her back to the Knight. Hux isnt sure what to make of the sight, but then he watches as Ren slowly extends his hand and uses the Force to pluck the datapad that Phasma is holding out of her hand and summon it to him. The little tablet drops into his waiting hand and the Knight lets out a slow breath and Hux is certain that the air shimmers with frost as he does. Hux! the Knight has opened his eyes and is grinning at the General and Hux feels his heart skip a beat. Phasma has turned in the chair to look at him and Ren. She stands and motions for Hux to follow her to the small alcove at the entrance of his quarters so they can have a semblance of privacy for the conversation she wants to have with him, but still keep an eye on Ren. The General does so, but only after hes paused to give Ren a tight hug, stroking a hand down his spin and kissing his temple. Ren protests when they part, but Hux promises it will only be a few minutes. He ate, nutrition cubes for both breakfast and lunch, but he ate, she tells the General as he joins her. Kylo had balked at the idea of eating anything other than that, but had willingly drunk a fortified glass of cool and sweet juice. He also stayed awake the entire day, which I wasnt expecting. Did he remain stable? Hux asks quietly. As best I could tell. No hallucinations, no flashbacks. But we talked a great deal, so perhaps keeping his mind occupied helps with it? He started meditating a few hours ago, hes been doing little Force tricks. I think hes afraid of getting cut off from it again, he hasnt been exerting himself very much. I see. Were you able to draw his blood? Phasma shook her head. He didnt want the droid or the needle near him, couldnt even prick his finger. They They hurt him badly, Hux. I want to read the unaltered files, I want to know what they did to him. Ill have Mitaka get you a copy, Hux nods again, sighing heavily. Thank you, again. I know you and I dont always see eye-to-eye, but I want you to know that your caring for him and your kinship is appreciated. He loves you, Phasma says after a moment of silence, her expression tightens slightly. And I want him to be happy. So you, she jabs Huxs chest with a finger. You need to take care of him, properly, got it? Hux would laugh at the gesture if he wasnt so sure that the Captain could physically snap him in half. Perhaps years from now this conversation would be humorous. Instead he nods. He is lucky to have you as his confidant, I know that your concern comes from your own love for him and that you will be by his side no matter what. I respect that. I would ask however, that you give me a chance. I promise you, I have a plan and I will need your help when the time comes. Phasma sighs, shaking her head. You and your plans General, I hope you can keep them all straight, for Kylos sake. Dont you dare let him suffer for your grand designs. --- It had been foolish of Hux to believe that those first few days were an indication of how Kylos recovery would progress. Stupidly optimistic to think that anyone could brush off the terror of what the Knight had endured. Hux had read through the files, watched the videos documenting exactly what Project Force Choke had entailed. It made him sick to his stomach, made him despise the Resistance and everything that they claimed to be. To think that they had the gall to call the First Order the monstrous ones. The fact that Kylo had even been able to hold conversation, that he was even coherent, Hux knew was a small miracle. He had not been expecting that and had taken those few days of Rens clarity for granted. Had thought for certain, with all the magical thinking of a small child, that whatever Ematt had subjected the Knight to had left him, had been purged out of the Knights body and mind by whatever mystical healing powers the Force might have granted Ren. That Rens outbursts, his suicide attempt would be the singular occurrences, the worst and last bit of backlash from the torture hed endured. Hux had credited the Knights resilient personality and will of spirit for his ability to bounce back, and had thought that things would return to normal with relative ease. Never had Hux been more wrong and the acuteness of just how wrong he had been would haunt him for months. The nightmares had come first. Hux had been jolted awake by Ren screaming . The Knight had been thrashing and his body contorting as he struggled against whatever terror his subconscious had put on display to his sleeping mind. Kylo! Kylo, wake up, it's just a dream! Hux had shaken his shoulder gently, trying to rouse him from his sleep. He had gotten backhanded by a wild swing of the Knights arm for his trouble. Lip split open and bleeding the General had straddled the sleeping mans hips in an effort not to get kicked and crouched over Ren. Pinning Kylos arms would more than likely antagonize the situation. If he was panicked the restraint would probably serve to send him spiraling deeper down in the nightmare and get Hux Force-thrown back against a wall. Instead, Hux placed both his hands on Rens head, holding him steady, resting his forearms on the Knights shoulders as he bent over him, lips next to his ear. Kylo! Kylo, wake up! Hux murmured in his ear. Come on Kylo! Come back to me! Ren wailed and Hux felt a fist connect with his side and gasped for breath, that would bruise by morning. Come back to me, Kylo. It's just a dream. Just a dream, they cant hurt you anymore a rnsearc . Youre safe. Youre here with me. Come back to me Kylo, Hux keeps murmuring in Rens ear. Another blow connects with his side as Ren thrashes about beneath him, screaming and crying. A third blow hits him. Then a fourth. Please, Kylo, Hux is wheezing for breath, starting to feel his own panic set in. Please wake up! Please, come back to me. Listen to my voice, come back. Kylo goes still beneath him suddenly and Hux take a shaky breath, slowly letting it out. Kylo? A rnsearc open your eyes. Wake up, come one. Wake up for me, he whispers. Please. The Knight gasps, his body arching against Huxs and then an uncertain voice answers him in the darkness. H-Hux? The General lets go of Rens head and reaches across the bed to turn on a bedside lamp. A dim light fills the room and theyre both squinting against it. Ren has tears running down his face and Huxs lip is dripping blood onto the bedding below them. It's okay, Hux whispers to him. It's okay, youre here on the ship with me. In my quarters. Youre safe. He pulls back and moves so he isnt pinning Rens hips anymore, but instead is sitting next to him, facing him. Hux rests a hand on Rens chest and the Knight grips at it. I-I was back there- Rens voice wobbles and he closes his eyes again. No, no, keep your eyes open Ren, stay with me, Hux urges him, stroking his face gently. The Knight groans but does as hes told. Hux offers him a small smile. Good. Good. It's okay, tell me about the nightmare. Tell me what happened. They  Ren goes to close his eyes again, whimpering. Hux draws him into his arms, letting the Knight hide against his chest. Take your time. It's okay, we have all night. Tell me, he murmurs. A shudder goes through the larger man and he wraps his arms around Hux so tightly the General is worried his own ribs will shatter. They inject me with something, Ren finally whispers. Then it all goes dark. I can hear them yelling at me. Everyone Everyone Ive killed. Everyone Ive failed. Their eyes are burnt out and they stare at me. Then they strike me, the collar electrocutes me. It hurts Hux! It hurts so much! Then it's darkness again. I cant hear anything, see anything and I cant breathe, Im drowning, then then theres you. Me? Hux frowns, one of his hands going to stroke Rens back. I see you, you point the blaster at me. Call me a traitor. And Snoke stands beside you, pulls you to him, devours you in massive bloody bites And then he reaches for me, Ren starts to shake and his words dissolve into sobs. He holds me down, and I cant break free! I cant stop him! It's okay, it was just a dream. Just a dream, Kylo, Hux tries to reassure him but Ren is shaking his head as the General says this. It's it's half memories! Thats the worst part! Theyre real! How did you wake up? Was I able to reach you? Hux asks quietly, even as his stomach twists into a knot. Ren goes quiet for a moment and Hux worries that hes fallen back into a lapse of memory, but then the Knight nods. I heard you. I thought you were part of the dream, I was afraid to trust you. Afraid that it might be something even worse. But then, then I dont know. It just clicked. I realized that it was you. It was your light. Your warmth. The nightmares can never imitate that, he twists to look back up at Hux, and his expression becomes one of horror. Oh no, I hurt you, didnt I? he reaches up and brushes a thumb over Huxs bloody lip. Im so sorry! I mess everything up! It's okay Kylo, Hux lets out a slow sigh of relief, his shoulders sagging a bit. He kisses the bandaged hand that Kylo is stroking over his bloodied lips. Listen to me, he moves a hand to cup the Knights face. None of this is your fault, understand me? None of it. You have not done anything wrong. I promise you, I will never get mad if you need me. But you have to tell me when you do, you have to talk to me about it, okay? Can you do that for me? What if youre not here? Rens voice is impossibly small. Then talk to Phasma, or Mitaka if hes with you. The whole point of having friends, my Knight, is so that you can trust them, Hux tells him. It feels strange to have to tell the other man this, having to explain it to him. But then again Kylo Ren was not known for his outstanding social skills. Hux wiped his bloody lip on the back of his hand, glancing down at Ren, the Knight looked like he was exhausted, ready to pass out at any moment. But kept shaking himself back awake, his body jerking violently as he did, afraid to sleep again. Hux reached over to the bedside table and picked up a bottle. It was the herbal oil hed used on Kylo when theyd first gotten the Knight back on the ship. He had originally purchased it, and gone through a lot of trouble to get the scent just right, with the intended use being for more pleasurable purposes. The idea had been to treat the Knight to an evening of soothing and erotic massages after their training with their squadrons, but then everything had gone sideways. So now its purpose was slightly altered. He poured a bit of the oil into the palm of one hand and then slid the hand up under the back of Rens shirt. The Knight jumped a little, but Hux shushed him as he set the bottle aside. It's alright, a rnsearc , he reassured the other man. Just relax, let me take care of you, with one hand stroking Rens hair and the other spreading the oil along his spine and carefully working over the tensely knotted muscles of the Knights back. Gradually Kylos breathing slows until he has fallen asleep in Huxs lap. Eventually sleep claims the General again and he ends up in a bowed over position, as if he were protecting the Knight. It wrecks havoc on his back when he wakes up but it is a small price to pay to ensure that his lover sleeps soundly. As the nightmares continue though and Ren starts to lose himself more and more during the day, Hux beings to realize that he was wrong. That something indeed had lingered in the Knights mind and possibly in his blood. A remnant of whatever chemical cocktail Ematt had been creating. Hux has to find out. The first time Hux manages to prick Rens finger there is screaming and howling like a frightened child and the Knight sulks afterwards, but it is a small price to pay for the knowledge of what theyre dealing with. Hux damns himself for putting it off, when he sees that the foreign chemicals are still in Rens blood. It becomes a biweekly routine that they both hate. Eventually Ren stops screaming when his finger is pricked and seems to zone out entirely. Hux thinks he would prefer the screaming to that, seeing Ren unresponsive and so broken frightens the General more than he wishes to admit. The medical droid reports gradually reducing levels of most of the drugs that Ematt had injected into the Knight, except for one: Compound 49-98R. This chemical seems to stay in the Knight and if anything its concentration seems to be increasing and their medical staff has had no luck in creating an antidote for any of the drugs so far. Hux is half tempted to shoot them all and find an entirely new staff. Compound 49-98R continues to stay in Rens blood as the weeks go by and the other drugs fade away, finally purged from his system. Perhaps the chemical can only be purged by using the Force? Hux has privately wondered this many times. He has heard Ren make mention of such an ability in the past, but typically it, along with the ability to heal oneself and others, are reserved for those who use the Light Side. Darkness, it would seem, is not conducive to healing and the weeks drag onward and Ren does not improve. The nightmares increase in frequency. Hux is jolted awake, night after night, by Rens screams. And night after night he endures the brutal strikes to his body as he tries to wake the other man. Then they talk, Hux listening and reassuring the Knight that he is safe, that he is not at fault, that he is not a burden. These nights they both fall back asleep more readily, Hux will stroke Rens hair, massage his back and neck or his feet until the larger man is limp in his hands and breathing deeply once again. It is on those nights that Hux allows himself to think that Kylo might still get better. That this is only a phase, part of the recovery process. That such hurdles will eventually be overcome. That if he just is patient enough, if he uses every scrap of love and tenderness he can summon from within himself, that surely Ren will get better. It just takes time, right? It just takes time and Hux is a patient man, far more so than Ren. He understands the importance of investing in things for the long term. Kylo is his partner, his lover, and if these few sleepless nights now mean that they will be stronger later, that they will crush the Resistance later and break free of the overbearing shadows of both of their pasts, then Hux will gladly invest all of himself into them. But then there are nights that Kylo either cannot or will not talk about what terror his subconscious had created or recalled. These are the nights that worry Hux the most, as Ren can only cry as Hux cradles him. The dark haired man cant even form the words, and never properly calms down. Neither of them get any more sleep on those nights. Hux just does what he can to try and soothe Ren and usually ends up pressed entirely against him, arms around him, Rens face pressed against his chest as his legs tangled in the Knights and softly singing old lullabies from his youth. Those are the nights that fill the General with dread and fear. The nights that are frustrating beyond belief and Hux almost wishes he was Force-sensitive so that he can reach into the Knights mind and comfort him. That he can ward his lover from whatever terrors are plaguing him. But Hux is just as blind to the Force as any common Stormtrooper and it pains him to be so powerless as Kylo suffers and cries out. The bad nights increase in frequency and Huxs exhaustion grows. His exasperation and frustration at not being able to do anything to ease Rens pain starts to wear away at his patience. Their medical staffs inability to make any headway on an antidote, despite having Project Force Chokes notes, save for the information about Rens capture, only serves to increase the Generals frustrations. It is not the Knights fault, Hux knows this. It is solely the fault of Ematt and the damned Resistance. But that does not make the bad nights any easier. It gets to the point where Hux has to pull away from Ren and leaves the Knight sobbing alone in the bed because Hux is afraid he will scream or lash out. That his anger at the situation will end up being taken out on Ren, and that would be unforgivable. So he removes himself, trying to keep his emotions in check. Keep himself in control. He goes to the bathroom and throws water on his face and pulls at his hair, pacing the small room in an effort to keep himself in check. His hands are shaking and the urge to have a very Kylo-like tantrum is supremely tempting. The urge to punch things and throw bottles of shampoo and shaving cream in the bathroom is nearly overwhelming. Nothing he does seems to help the Knight when hes like this and Hux cannot stand it. He hates feeling so useless that he cannot bring any comfort to his lover. In the end though, he returns to the bed and draws Ren into his arms, shushing him and mindlessly trying to console the other man. The motions become automatic after a time as the weeks drag on and the bad nights become the only nights there are. The depth of attention and care Hux gives gradually becomes less and less as he feels himself burning out. He tries to summon the strength of compassion, but finds that it is replaced more and more frequently by frustration. There is no end in sight and Ren only seems to be getting worse. That is the most worrying part of all this and, on the rare chance that Kylo does fall back asleep after a night terror, Hux lies awake, silently crying. He is careful not to make noise, not to let his body shake and keep his breathing controlled, lest he startle Ren back into consciousness. He is a General, he cannot break, he has to stay stable, be consistent and strong and surely things will turn around. They can only stay bad for so long, he tells himself. Yet he doesnt believe it anymore and finds his own resolve starting to crumble as he silently weeps in the darkness of the early morning hours. It was a few days after one particularly bad night that Hux awoke to find the bed empty. Kylo? his voice was a whisper in the darkness. Then his eyes went to the bathroom door, there was a light on under it. Fear rose in the Generals throat like bile and he scrambled, tripping and falling as he got tangled in the bedding. Freeing himself from the sheets he ran to the bathroom door, only to find it locked. He frantically tried to type in the code to override the lock. It was rejected. He tried another. Rejected. Then in desperation a third, one he rarely used. That one finally let him in and he has to close his eyes against the brightness of the light. He blinks rapidly and then his eyes find the Knight as his vision clears. Kylo is curled up in the bathtub, sobbing. The mirror is broken again, and at this point Hux is seriously considering having it removed entirely. But he doesnt see any blood yet. Kylo, Hux moves to bathtub, he sits on the edge of it and then slides down into it. He reaches out to touch Rens shoulder. Kylo, a rnsearc , what happened? Come here, he pulls Ren against him, cradling him between his legs and against his chest. The Knight doesnt resist but sobs even harder. It's okay. Youre fine, he whispers as he runs fingers over the other mans arms and body, checking for blood or wounds. Nothing. Hux closes his eyes, thanking the Maker and wraps both his arms around Ren. Im such a burden, Kylo whispers between sobs. I keep hurting you. I keep wrecking it! I destroy everything I touch! It's all my fault! No, Kylo, no, Hux tells him, his own chest aches and then suddenly Hux is crying too. He cant stop the tears, cant keep his body from shaking. No, Kylo. I dont want to lose you! I love you! Please, Kylo! he is almost as hysterical as Ren is now, crying into the Knights hair as he holds him. Im sorry, Ren cries. Im so sorry! Im sorry, he repeats it over and over like a mantra until his voice grows hoarse and hes just whimpering against Hux. Please, Kylo, Hux begs him. Please. I love you, please, the General knows in this moment he will endure any amount of sleepless nights, any amount of blows from the larger man, hes covered in bruises constantly now anyway, as long as Kylo does not give up, does not stop fighting. Rens arms go around him, returning the embrace. Hux needs Ren. It is terrifying to realize, but he does. Ren breathes life into him, pushes him to keep moving, inspires him to fight when he feels all the strength has left him. Ren stabilizes him, a constant force of dark chaos that Hux would willingly get lost in time and time again. Kylo Ren, who is terrifying and powerful and yet so gentle, so hungry for affection, drives Hux forward. Motivates him beyond any call of duty or family honor Hux might hold, because for Kylo, Hux wants to change the Galaxy, to give his lover a place in it. To make it better than it was. And the thought of Ren dying, of finding the Knight in a pool of his own blood tears a hole in Huxs very soul. I love you Kylo, I need you. I cant do any of this without you, he whispers. That terrifying truth that forces him to bare a part of himself that isnt ever exposed, not even when Ren has collared him in the past. Please, Kylo. They dont leave the bathtub that night. They stay there, shivering and clinging to each other, huddled together until necessity demands that Hux pull his uniform on. He is careful to do so out of sight of Ren, lest the Knight see the colorful array of bruises in various stages of healing, that decorate the Generals torso. The result of all the nights that he wakes Kylo from his nightmares. He knows Ren will spiral into more guilt and self-depreciation and that is the last thing he wants. But the Knight seems to fair just as poorly during the day, regardless of what Phasma does to try and keep him occupied. He loses minutes of time, staring off into space, reacting to things that arent there. He shrinks from memories of monsters that only he can see, puts his hands over his ears to block out screams that only he can hear. Ren stops eating again and the Captain has to force feed him nutrition cubes. Phasma pulls Hux aside one morning, nearly two months after the Knights rescue. Hux, she tells him gravely. We cant take care of him like this. Hes getting worse, not better. He needs help, he needs to be under medical supervision. Hux closes his eyes, swaying slightly where he stands, his brow furrowing. Phasma knows the toll that caring for Ren is exacting from the General. He rarely sleeps now and it is starting to show on his too pale face. Finally he finds some resolve within himself and nods. Youre right, his voice is a whisper, and she doesnt need to be a Force user to see how much this admission breaks his heart. Youre right. Ill Ill see what I can arrange. We cant let our medical team take care of him. He needs someone who knows the Force, someone who can reach him in the way that we cant. Hux opens his eyes and looks at her, then briefly back at Ren, who is still sleeping in the bed. You did the best you could, Hux, Phasma tells him, trying to ease some of the ache that is written so plainly on his normally stoic face. I mean it. But sometimes thats not enough, sometimes it's more than we can handle. He just nods, his throat working. --- He had failed. Failed to keep Ren safe. Failed to help him. Failed to protect him. Failed to do the one thing that mattered most. The weight of it felt crushingly heavy. It had only gotten worse as the day had gone on. Even more so the reality that Hux had no idea who to turn to for help. It wasnt as if there were therapy groups for traumatized Force-Users. He wished that Kylos teacher was still alive. Wished that the Dathomirian witch had not died. That she had avoided the Supreme Leader. Wished that she had stayed . She had known the Force, the Dark Side, connected with the Knight in a way no one else could, not even his family, Hux suspected. But she was gone, and short of running to Leia Organa and the damned Resistance, and risking putting Ren back in Ematts hands, Hux was rapidly coming up short on ideas. He considered the smuggler, Han Solo, Rens father. But the man was not Force-sensitive, and while familial, Hux had the nagging suspicion that the man had no idea how to handle the trauma his son had been through. There was Luke Skywalker but who the hell knew where he was. And Ren was more likely to shut down entirely if confronted with his family when he was in such a state of mental deterioration. But right now those two men were looking like the best option, so long as they could keep Kylo away from the Resistance. Keep him away from Ematt and Organa... Hux sighed, resting his elbows on his desk and then his face in his hands and made a low, feral noise of frustration. It was a bad situation with no good solution. At least not one that would allow his own conscience to rest easily at night. For all the troops he commanded, he couldnt do a single thing to help Ren. The man he loved, the one person who meant more to Hux then all the stars in the Galaxy, and he couldnt save Ren from what haunted him and ate away at him. From what threatened to destroy him. If he couldnt even do that, how could he hope to rescue the Knight from his Master? How the hell could he even think that he could pull Kylo away from Snoke unscathed? How could any of them ever hold something as fragile as hope for the future? Im so sorry Ren, Hux whispered in the emptiness of his office. I tried. There was no worse feeling than this all consuming powerlessness. Hux hated it. Hated that he couldnt do anything . He was exhausted emotionally and mentally, low on sleep and worst of all: it hadnt made a difference. For everything he and Phasma had invested, Ren showed no improvement. They were unable to help Kylo. Hux stood from his desk so rapidly that his chair toppled over backwards. A snarl left him and it turned into a rage filled cry of all the Generals anger and frustration. He felt his control slip and he grabbed the first thing his hand came into contact with and hurled it at the wall. The mug shattered into pieces against the metal and fell to the floor. Hux didnt stop to think about it and in his next motion papers and electronics went hurling to the floor as he flung them from his desk. He pulled the drawers to the desk open and flung their contents all over, throwing the drawer as well once it was empty. Fueled by his rage, Hux gripped the edge of his desk and with a heave that made his recently healed shoulder protest in pain, he flipped the heavy metal desk over onto its side. It thudded to the ground, shaking his office with its weight and surely left a dent in the floor, but Hux was beyond caring. Now out of things to throw, he punched the wall. Pain jolted through his knuckles and hand and up into his shoulder where Ren had stabbed him with the glass. It zapped Hux out of his violent fervor and he stood there, gasping for breath, shaking as tears streamed down his face. Slowly he sank to his knees, leaning against the wall, hands clawing at it as if it were a life raft. Powerless. He was utterly powerless. An ugly sob broke from him and he didnt bother to stop it. The General of the First Order threw his head back and wailed in lamentation for the suffering of his lover, for his own frustration and humility. If he could have traded anything to relieve Kylos suffering, in that moment he would have done so without hesitation, even if it meant the sacrifice of the First Order. But no magical deus came before him to present him with such a bargain. So Hux wept on the floor of his office, alone. Hux wasnt sure how long he stayed there crying. Belatedly, he realized that he had trashed his entire office, but he couldnt bring himself to care. It was a very Kylo Ren like thing to think, perhaps Ren had rubbed off on him as much as he had Mitaka. It might have been humorous, but Hux found he couldnt laugh. Wearily he stood, picking up his damaged datapad and typed in a maintenance request for his office, then put out a message that he would be taking a small, quasi-leave of absence. Lastly, he sent out a message to one of his covert operators to meet him in twenty minutes. Now came the hard part. Hux opted not to type the message. Data was stored and could be dangerous, even when you thought youd removed it all. Instead he picked up a blank piece of paper and a pen from the floor, such antiquated things, but he was glad that hed held on to them. He was also glad that hed only allowed himself a few minutes to write what he needed to. Any longer and he might have actually questioned himself and with so much hanging in the balance, he could not afford to be indecisive or let his heart control what he put on the paper. He almost makes a recording, almost. But in the end decides that it is better not to. The General folded the short letter carefully and placed it an envelope, sealing it. Briefly he debates leaving a more identifying mark, something human and personable, on the plain white envelope, but then decides against it. It is better, safer, if he does not. Then he slowly stood, straightening his uniform and his hair and walked out, leaving the wrecked room for the droids to deal with. Hux met the woman in one of the side corridors of the ship. There is a certain smuggler I need you to track down, he tells the operative lowly. He goes by the name of Han Solo. I suspect he is operating in the Outer Rim still, his ship is an old Corellian freighter. It was last seen in the Yavin System. I will find him, sir, she assures him, her eyes flicker in recognition of the name. The smuggler turned General during the war was well known and something of a thing of legend. Once I do, what is my task? Assassination? Observation? Make contact, Hux tells her and then hands her the envelope. Give him this and then leave. Answer no questions and ask none. We have a potential ally in him, and I will not have this opportunity wasted. Understood sir. Do not fail me. Do not fail the Order. I wont, sir. It may take me some time to find him, but rest assured I will find him. For the glory and victory of the First Order! I look forward to news of your success. Dismissed. He feels both dread and relief as she turned on her heel and left him in the corridor. It was done. There was no taking it back. After a moment Hux turns and starts towards his quarters. He is almost staggering with exhaustion by the time he reaches his quarters. It is late. Too late, how long had he been crying for? Hux types in the code to his quarters and as soon as he is inside silence greets him. His heart goes into his throat as he makes his way further into the room. He flicks on his desk lamp and sees Phasma and Ren curled up together on the bed asleep. The Knight has his face against her chest and his arms around her waist, Phasma has a hand cradling Rens head, the other around his shoulders. The Knight had cried himself to sleep Hux realized, as a pang of guilt goes through him. The tear trails are still fresh on Rens face. Of course, Huxs failure to return on time would have sent the already distressed man further into a downward spiral. Hux sheds his uniform jacket, belt and boots. Neither of the persons sleeping on his bed move as he does so, and he doesnt have the heart to wake Phasma, she looks as exhausted as he feels. Besides having her leave this late at night might raise questions. Insofar they had been carefully brushing off both Ren and the Captains absence with the excuse of vague mission assignments. The last thing they needed was for someone to see her leaving Huxs quarters late at night. It would also spoil the rumor theyd worked so hard to encourage of Ren being Phasmas beau, which Hux had to admit, was one of Rens more clever ideas. What he would give to have his Knight back. In full health, or at least as close to full health as Ren ever got. If that meant handing his care over to someone else, someone more qualified, then so be it. The idea stung, his failure to care for the Knight burned Hux unlike anything hed ever felt. How long had it been since hed tasted the bitterness of defeat? The fact that it was Ren made it all the worse. Slowly, the General sank down onto the other side of the bed. It was almost cramped, if he had been any rank other than General the bed would have been a double, if that. But Hux had managed to get a queen sized mattress, even if it was slightly too big for the steel bed frame. Like everything else on this ancient Star Destroyer, it was secondhand, held together by pins, tape and glue. All their primary funds going to develop Starkiller Base. Hopefully their successes on Nilash and Chelloa would soon come to bear fruit and they would no longer look like a childs hand-me-down toy army set. The First Order, for all its grand designs and sporadic growth, was running on old technology. Old ships, old armor, old guns, old battle plans and old mentalities. Hux knew it all needed to change if they were to ever be a true force to be reckoned with, not just some dream of old men and women desperate to hold on to their glory days. Hux had made some progress on the last two, but it was a far cry from what needed to still be done. The Republic had a clear advantage over them, and tiredly the General wondered if this was how the Resistance had felt all those decades ago as they fought against the Empire. How ironic that they had now traded places. His father would disapprove of such thoughts, but he disapproved of most things and Hux felt stupid for thinking of the sour old man at such a time. But then he realized why he was. Because Brendol Hux was so vastly different from Han Solo. Because in the back of his mind, despite Rens pleas to keep him away from his family, Hux knew that his family might be exactly what he needed and Ren was likely not in a mental state to be able to know what was best for himself anymore. He needed his father, he needed his uncle, even if Skywalker was from the Light, surely surely he would be able to find it in himself to give Ren help. Wouldnt he? Surely the great Luke Skywalker, last Jedi, has the ability to heal Ren? Ren would be upset, would scream and protest, most likely. But Hux and Phasma were out of their elements and to reveal Kylos damage to the Order, or worse to Snoke, would be the end of him. No. This was the only path they could take from here. Im so sorry Kylo, Hux whispered as he scooted closer to the sleeping Knight. Ren didnt stir. Hux curled one arm under his own head and slide the other around Rens waist, pressing himself against the Knight so Ren was firmly sandwiched between himself and Phasma. This could well be one of the last times he got to hold Kylo and the thought made fresh tears well up in Huxs eyes. He pressed his face against Rens broad back, just under where Phasmas hands rested on his shoulder. It was selfish to not let go, selfish to keep the Knight caged up here when he was suffering. I love you Kylo, Hux mouthed the words against Rens back as he squeezed his eyes shut and felt tears wet the fabric of the Knights shirt. Please forgive me. I dont know what else to do, it's the only way. The General fell asleep like that, curled against the broken remnants of his lover, holding him tightly, as he could guard the larger man from all the terrors of the Galaxy simply by loving him. --- Kylo Ren dreamed. He stood in the middle of that fantastic garden, the one that was usually so full of children when he dreamed of it. Children of both Light and Darkness, playing and learning together amongst trees, flowers and a small pond. Usually the vision ended in blaster fire and screams. This time it was different however. It was night and in the sky hung three moons, each one in a different phase. The air was cool but the ground still radiated warmth and the air smelled of flowers and sweet fruit. Spring time, Ren decided, the ground was too warm for it to be fall. There was only the sound of the insects in the garden and behind him, he heard the low murmurs of adult voices. He glanced back at the building behind him. It was taller than it was wide and very old. But from inside flowed a warm golden glow and the sound of light and jovial laughter. I was wondering when you would find your way here, a voice pulled his attention back to the garden. Before him stood the Nightsister, his teacher, Shelish. She was dressed in the traditional red robes of her sisterhood, and the Darkness was swirling around her in a heavy mist, adding to the ethereal feel of the garden. Ren felt his throat tighten. Youre dead. I felt it. Snoke killed you. Those of us who are one with the Force are never truly gone, Kylo. You know this. The Light just likes to pretend that they alone hold the exclusive privilege of reaching out to their loved ones from beyond the grave, Shelish gives him a smirk that is partially pitying and holds out her arm to him. Come, walk with me, my student. Weve not much time. Ren does as he is told, taking her arm in his more out of a desire to anchor himself to something familiar than anything else. This vision perturbs him, unsettles him in a way he cannot describe. Most of all because it hasnt ended in disaster yet. Where where are the children? he finally asks. There are usually children in the garden. Look at the hour of the moons, Shelish gestured with her other arm to the sky. The children are asleep. Safe and sound in their beds, just like all children should be at this time of night. They walk in silence a bit longer until Kylo realizes that it is up to him to ask the questions, not her to tell him. This is part of a test, for him to grow, he must look for the knowledge he wants instead of expecting it to be handed to him. She will hold nothing back, he knows this, his teacher will be as truthful as ever. Part of that frightens him. Are you real? he finally asks. As real as the bed you lie in and the air you breathe. What- he bites his lip, afraid to ask. Afraid that it is the wrong question. What is this place? Where are we? She pulls her arm from his and gazes up at the moons. In this light she looks every bit as regal and frightening as she did that first day he met her. This, little supernovae, is one of infinite possibilities, she spreads both her arms wide, as if she might embrace the moonlight. It is all that your heart desires and all that you dream of if, of course, you are willing to fight for it. She turns back to him. He can only stare at her, eyes wide. His Force visions had never revealed this. He has never even thought that such a place might exist. But my vision always ends at that confrontation. Between myself and my Master, how how can this be- You have limited yourself to that. You have never dared to dream beyond it because you do not believe that you ever could succeed. I have often wondered my student, what you might do if you were not so afraid? her voice is not sharp but her words sting nonetheless as the Nightsister plucks a single white flower, holding it in her hands. Kylo watches as the darkness swirling around her bleeds into the fibers of the white petals, turning it gray. The Force knows our hearts, our intentions. It knows what you long for Kylo. The question is how badly do you want it, little supernovae? she turns to him, folding her hands in front of her, the flower cupped to her breast. We must fight for what we desire sometimes. Be it peace, or freedom, or love or even happiness. None of it comes freely, and sometimes the battles are long and the price is great. Are you willing to pay it? Kylo is silent and he looks around the garden so he doesnt have to face her questions. How can I ever get here? Im so broken, so tired. Everything is wrong! I dont know what to do! I I am afraid. his arm throbs as he admits this. The wound had mostly healed now, but it still ached and itched maddeningly. A constant reminder of his weakness, his failure and inability to do anything right. Every decision you make, no matter how large or small, moves you one step closer or perhaps away, depending on the course you wish to take. Among your choices Kylo, is the choice to give up or to fight. You have been in limbo now for several weeks, when you awake you will find a course of action has been taken. You can either accept it or fight against it. If I accept it I lose all this, dont I? I lose everything? he asks. She nods sagely. Although you will have to consider what your new path might be, what you might gain. It isnt all about loss, you seem to have yet to learn that my student. The end of one path does not mean the end of them all. This is only one of infinite possibilities, he repeats her words, looking down at the grass beneath their feet. But how do I fight? I can barely keep myself in reality, I I am ruined. Between the call to the Light and whatever chemicals Ematt put into me  he looks back up at her. I am a shadow of what I was. If Snoke does not kill me- Kylo, Shelish is shaking her head. Have you learned nothing after all these years? Do you not see the advantage you hold? He tilts his head at her. I-I dont understand. You are far from powerless, little supernovae. You have the greatest weapon in the Galaxy at your disposal! Do you not see it? she laughs slightly, as if she cant believe he is this dense. Little supernovae, she steps to him and he feels the gray flower brushing against his face, soft and cool as she clasps it in her fingers, shifting the item so she can cup his face in her hands. Her tone softens, it is the voice she used when she comforted him from his terror. You are loved ! Snoke for all his devices cannot take that from you! He cannot comprehend it, such a selfless feeling. Not when he seeks to devour the Galaxy. Kylo feels his heart jump and tears prick at his eyes. But but Im such a mess-Im so broken. Ill just end up driving them away. Ill ruin it like I always do! Oh Kylo, Shelish sounds so sad at these words, because he doesnt believe it. He cant believe it, lest it all fall apart again. Beyond them the voices in the house grow louder. Where is Kylo? Mitakas voice asks. No clue, Phasmas voice. But Im going to drink his drinks if he doesnt get back in here, and Im going to look at his hand of cards. Ill get him, Ill get him, hold on, Huxs voice. Kylos heart leaps into his throat. Hux is here! Hux is in this future! This one of millions of possibilities and it has Hux in it! Footsteps come from behind them and then a hand touches his shoulder. Kylo turns around, and he is greeted by the sight of his lover. Hux looks older. He has wrinkle lines at the corner of his eyes, hes grown a beard and his hair has gotten long, and messy as it touches the top of his shoulders. A few strands are braided and hang down from his temples. He is dressed in civilian clothing: simple pants and a loose fitting shirt. Hux looks wild and beautiful in the moonlight and  happy . Happier than Kylo can ever remember him looking. Are you all right a rnsearc? Hux brings a hand up to brush his face and Kylo realizes that he is crying. Whats wrong? Kylo feels his mouth work but no words come out. Huxs hand is warm on his face, there is a ring on his right finger that Ren is certain was never there before. The General did not wear jewelry of any sort. Hux is taking both Rens hands in his own, and Kylo realizes that the Generals left hand is missing two fingers, his pinky and ring finger are gone, severed clean off at the metacarpals. But Hux doesnt seem bothered by the missing digits as he squeezes Rens hands tightly in his own. Kylo? Kylo cant stop himself, he pulls Hux forward into a crushing hug, sobbing. This. This is the future he wants. One where his friends and lover are with him in this place. Where Hux looks so happy and this feeling of safety and peace fills the garden. Kylo? Kylo what is it? Whats wrong? Hux is returning the embrace, a hand going to his hair to stroke it in an effort to soothe him. I love you, so much, the Knight whispers. Im so sorry, for everything I put you through. Hux laughs softly and pulls away a bit so they can see each others faces. Kylo, dont ever apologize, for any of it. I made my choice, as did all the others. And we have no regrets. The longest journeys, the hardest, well, theyre some of the most rewarding arent they? And I am glad to have had the privilege to take this journey by your side. I love you. The vision fades into blackness and Hux along with it, leaving Ren and Shelish alone in the dark. What do I have to do? Ren asks her quietly. For this vision to come to pass. What must I do? You must fight, little supernovae, you must have compassion and most importantly, you must grow to see your own worth. How can I when I cant even overcome what has been done to me? Ah but Kylo, you nearly have. The choice just remains, to give in and let the current carry you away and away from this future or to fight for it. I dont understand. I-I've only gotten worse. Perhaps then, she steps to him and gently presses the gray flower into his mouth. It is sweeter than any honey, and the color bleeds through the darkness. You should wake up little supernovae. It is warm. Warmer then he can ever recall it being. And he is being held so very closely. Cradled like something precious. He can barely move hes being held so tightly, yet he doesnt feel trapped at all. It is the best feeling in the world, it calms him and he slowly opens his eyes. His face is pressed into Phasmas chest he realizes and feels himself blush. That was right, she had cradled him when hed started crying when Hux didnt return But wait. There was a warmth at his back, hugging him close. Carefully he twists and turns over. His ribs ache, but theyre halfway healed by now, and he can live with a small ache if it means seeing who is holding him so closely. He is rewarded for his struggles by the sight of Huxs face. The General is sleeping, he is pale and Ren can make out the faint freckles on his cheeks that stand out against the dark circles under his eyes. Carefully Kylo reaches out and brushes a few stray strands of red hair out of Huxs face. The Generals nose wrinkles and his eyes crack open. Kylo? his voice sounds hoarse. What is it? Are you all right? one of his hands clumsily collides with Rens and the Knight grips it tightly. Did you have a nightmare? Huxs brow furrows in worry and Ren leans his forehead down to press it against Huxs. You came back, he murmurs. It is the dumbest thing to say, but right now it means the world to him. Ren wants to savor these few moments of clarity that he has. It's been too long since hes slept the whole night through and waking up so securely held has given him an extra boost of strength. Perhaps his clarity will last a little longer today? He can only hope so, as he dearly wants to tell Hux about his dream. Of course I did, a rnsearc . I just had some things I had to tend to, Hux yawns widely, his free hand scrubbing at his eyes as he tries to wake up. Im Im sorry I kept you waiting, it was important. the General seems to be having a hard time forming words. Hes still half asleep it would seem, trembling slightly from having been woken so suddenly. It needed to be done. That phrase sends a chill through Ren and any comfort hed been feeling has suddenly vanished. Hux, what did you do? his voice is a tight whisper and the hand that is holding Huxs tightens its grip further, until the General winces in pain. Kylo, Hux looks up at him. You need help. Help you cant get here, he says quietly. Ren clenches his teeth, his stomach turning. I sent a covert agent to find your father. You did what ? Ren hisses, behind him Phasma stirs slightly in her sleep. We havent been able to find a way to counteract the compound that is left in your blood, Huxs voice is a whisper, and he sounds exhausted. I want you to be safe Kylo, I think your father and uncle could help you- NO! the word leaves Kylos throat much louder then he means for it to. Hux flinches at it. Phasma is shifting on the bed behind them. Ren feels the bones in Huxs hand start to creak as his grip on the Generals hand tightens further. No, you cant! Dont send me back there! Kylo, please let go of me, Hux is trying to pull his hand out of Rens grip, the General is wide awake now. He is frightened. Listen to me, please! No, you cant send me away! Dont send me back to them! Kylo reaches out with his other hand and grabs Hux by his undershirt, shaking him slightly in his panic. Hux cant send him back there! It would be worse than sending him to Snoke! His uncle will only repress him and his father wont understand. I dont want to go back there! I dont! Your uncle is the only one who might be able to help you! Hux is trying to pull free from his grip. Ren feels his fear, his pain, bleeding, but he doesnt let go. He has to make Hux understand! This isnt a game! This isnt some small family spat over politics, going back may literally kill him. His father and uncle will take away everything he has worked so hard for! He wont help! None of them will! Why dont you understand that? Ren hisses at Hux, shoving him backwards and out of the bed. Hux lands on the floor with a thud and a groan. Kylo feels Phasma sitting up behind him but he moves forward out of her reach. Hux is trying to pick himself up off the floor and Ren leans down grabbing the General by his shirt and standing up, dragging Hux along with him, his strength fueled by his anger. Why dont you ever listen to what I want? Why is that so hard to do? Is it so hard to believe what I tell you? he shakes Hux. Why dont you listen! he screams in frustration. You never listen! Hux is struggling against him now, panicking and trying to get free. Kylo! Please! We cant- Do you have any idea what theyll do to me if I go back? Ren is backing Hux up down and slams him against the nearest wall. Ill be locked in a room, my uncle will try to purge me of the Darkness. Like I have some sort of plague! Ill be all alone again! Ill have nothing! Theyll take what little I have left! Please! Listen! Hux sounds frightened, and it breaks Rens heart, but at the same time he cant give on this. He has to fight , if he doesnt hell lose everything! Please! Kylo! Hux is begging, desperate, but Ren doesnt let up and his hands seem to move of their own accord. One of them closes around Huxs neck and starts to choke the General as Ren shakes him. Suddenly Phasma is between them, shoving them apart, forcing his hands off of Hux and the General falls to the floor again and Ren staggers backwards. He looks at his hands, theyre shaking and then he sees Hux, staring at him from where he is on the ground, green eyes wide with fear. Why dont you listen ? Kylo feels tears welling up in his own eyes and backs away from the hurt look he is receiving. If you send me away, youll destroy everything Ive worked for! All Ive become, all Ive endured, itll be for nothing! Ill have no future! Not with you, not with anyone! Why dont you understand? His head is spinning and slowly he sinks back down to sit on the edge of the bed. Why does no one understand? he whispered, holding his head in his hands. Kylo, Phasmas voice reaches him and shes pulling him into a hug, letting him press his face against her waist as she stands next to the bed. Kylo were trying to help. Please, calm down. Were doing what we can, were doing this because we love you. Her hands are carding through his hair and he sobs against her. You too? he looks up at her.  You dont understand! If I go back Ill never see you again! Any of you! Theyll  Itll be worse than Ematt! Theyll take everything from me! he moans. I cant go back to them! My family I- I cant! Dont make me! Please! Why dont you believe me? Hux is approaching them, a hand rubbing his throat gingerly as he slowly sits on the edge of the bed next to Ren, a going to rest on his knee. You believe what you perceive Ren- You think Im crazy! He rages and he whirls on Hux. It all makes sense now. They think that hes a lost cause. That hell never recover, that hes completely useless! His hands clench uselessly, Hux is trying to say something else but Ren is too angry to listen. He doesnt want to hear anymore about what other people think is best for him! Hes tired of having his fate decided for him, for having people take away what little control her has! It was bad enough with his family, with his Master but now Hux and Phasma too? Ren! Ren you have to calm- SHUT UP! The back of one of his hands connects with the Generals face with a startlingly loud smack and Hux goes sprawling off the bed to the floor. Ren hears Phasmas sharp intake of breath and the entire room seems to freeze. Slowly Hux pushes himself up. He doesnt look at Kylo, or Phasma, he just sits there on the floor taking in shaky gulps of air. Blood drips from his nose and his lip and splatters onto the metal floor and Kylo feels his stomach turn. He cant seem to move, shocked by his own actions, fear grips him. This is it. This is the end of everything. Hes finally done it. Ruined it. Broken it all beyond repair. But then Hux moves. He doesnt stand, doesnt shout, instead he crawls . His motions are slow and it feels like an eternity before he stops and kneels between Kylos legs. Then he leans up, hands going to cup the Knights face and pulls Ren forward slightly, pressing their foreheads together. Rens heart feels like it will explode in his chest as the General touches him, carefully and gently. No. Kylo, the Generals voice is soft and trembling as he speaks and a small sob wells up in Rens throat, breaking from his lips. Hux I- Shhh, the redhead brushes a thumb over Kylos lips and he falls silent. His voice stays soft and Ren has to bite his lip to hold his sobs in. Listen to me now. We dont think youre crazy, or bad or broken. But you are ill . What they did to you hurt you in ways we cant repair. Ways that no matter how much I hold you, no matter how much Phasma talks to you we cant fix. We cant help you. Youre hurting, Kylo. Phasma sees it. I see it. We dont want you to hurt anymore. A cry bursts from Kylo that he cant hold in. He feels it in that moment: how difficult it has been for his lover and his friend to reach this crossroads. How long they have struggled to come to this decision and how much they care about him. It hits him like an Imperial-class Star Destroyer, making his head spin. That every moment since Hux found him in the Resistance base has been geared towards trying to find a way to help the Knight recover. Ren sobs, harsh, loud noises and the General just holds him steadily as Rens hands go to clutch at his shoulders. None of this was done haphazardly or carelessly. I Huxs voice wavers, soft and heartbroken, as he continues to speak. He doesnt shout. In fact, he hasnt shouted at Kylo since they plucked Ren from Ematts grasp. I thought that Skywalker might be able to purge the chemical from you. That you would find peace of mind, that you would be safer with your family than near Snoke. I had to chose between two evils in hopes of saving you. Hux pulls away then, sinking back down to his knees, letting his rear rest on his heels. His hands slide down Rens face as he does, down his shoulders and arms until they hold the Knights own hands tightly. I know you are upset, that you see this as the worst possible thing. As a betrayal. I know that your relationship with your father and uncle is unstable at best. I know that you are afraid and you have every reason to be and  Hux whispers softly, his gaze dropping to the floor. Im sorry. Ren can only stare at him. His heart is racing in his ears and it feels hard to breathe. Hux is apologizing to him. Apologizing for  Suddenly his senses feel hyper aware, and everything becomes overwhelming, like there is a river roaring as it rushes towards him and it will sweep the Knight away in the undertow. He groans, head bowing as his entire body shakes. At the edge of his mind he feels the screaming starting. The memories that wont stay buried are coming back again. H-help me, Kylo whispers. He raises his head to look at Hux imploringly, his eyes wide and frightened. He knows a monster like himself doesnt deserve this gentleness, this patience that Hux is giving him, over and over again. Kylo cant even fathom where it is coming from, how the redhead can even stand to be around him. Hux is moving then, getting back onto the bed and Phasma finally breaks from the stillness that had settled over her. The screaming is getting louder in Kylos ears and he presses his hands over them, its a futile gesture he knows but he hopes each time that it will stop the screams in his head. Hux is speaking, directing the Stormtrooper Captain and they both move around him. Kylo feels himself being pulled backwards, away from the edge of the bed and he realizes that Phasma has settled herself behind him. She is leaning against the backboard of the bed, her legs spreading to accommodate Ren fitting between them as she pulls him close and flush against her body, his back to her chest. He cant see her, even as she wraps her arms around his chest, gently squeezing him. You slept through the night when you were between us, Hux is explaining as he crawls forward. His face is still bloody, smeared now as hes tried to wipe the offending bodily fluid away. Perhaps we will get lucky and the same thing will work for this. Then he straddles Kylos lap, his legs stretching to spread over both Ren and Phasmas legs and he moves the Knights arms, guiding Ren to put them around his waist. Look at me, okay? Hux tells him. Look at me, listen to my voice, okay Kylo? Hes stroking Rens hair back with shaking hands, hes just as scared as Kylo is the Knight realizes. Ren whimpers, trembling between the two of them. Shh, Phasma murmurs in his ear. Shh, its all right Kylo. Were here, stay here with us. One of her hands starts to rub his chest, easing over his pectorals and his heart. Hux is pressing himself closer so hes now flush against Ren and the Knight buries his face against Huxs neck, as if he might hide himself there against the smaller mans warm body. Huxs pulse of bounding rapidly against his skin and he smells faintly of muggy sleep-sweat and soap. Kylos arms slide down Huxs back and hug him tightly. Im afraid, Kylo hears himself whispering. It feels like hes watching all this from far away, as if his actions are really his own. Like this entire surreal experience belongs to someone else. Someone more worthy of such care, such kindness. Not a disastrous monster like himself. It's okay to be afraid, Hux tells him, resting his chin on Rens shoulder, opposite of Phasma. Everyone is afraid sometimes. He trembles at that, his loud sobs have turned into quiet weeping as the General and Captain work to soothe him. Phasmas hands holding his chest tightly and Huxs own fingers working through his hair as they both talk to him. They reassure him, tell him it is safe, that he is safe, that they care and the nightmares are over. It is all in the past, that they will never let him be hurt like that again. But most importantly they let him know that his weakness is accepted without judgment, that it is all right to need help sometimes. I Ive done such terrible things, Kylo whispers against Huxs neck. Dont I deserve this torment? To be punished for the lives Ive taken? Hes never vocalized it before now, but always thought it. Accepted all the pain and awfulness that has come to him as the Galaxy returning his deeds to him threefold. You dont deserve this, Phasma tells him. You never deserved this pain, little brother. You are surviving, Huxs voice is steady in his ear and Kylo can feel the compassion, the sureness of his words. Hux believes this and it makes a tremor go through the Knight. We are at war and you did what you had to do to survive. To cope with the hand that you had been dealt by fate. But Hux you dont believe in fate, Kylo mumbles, almost laughing. The General had told him many times before that fate was a myth, that soothsaying and destiny were the buzzwords of con artists and religious fanatics. Perhaps then, my own perception has changed, Hux murmurs to him. Perhaps you made me see that. Perhaps you changed a lot of things about me. But I know one thing, my Knight, Hux pulls away slightly and presses a kiss to Kylos forehead. That you deserve to be treasured and cherished. You deserve happiness. That answer makes goosebumps rise all over Rens skin and he tenses, shuddering and then completely relaxes in their embraces. It is the safest Ren has felt in a long time, the warmest, and amazingly it works. The screams never reach full volume, the world never shifts before his eyes placing him elsewhere and the pain doesnt rip through his body like it does during the worst of these waking nightmares. Soon, all Kylo feels is warm and sleepy and his head is starting to loll slightly as he tries to stay awake. Kylo, do you want to lie down? Hux is asking him and Kylo can only manage to nod, a yawn that makes his entire body tremble overtaking him. Hux and Phasma are shifting around him and the Captain is complaining about her legs having fallen asleep as she lies down, tipping Kylo over to lie on the bed as well, her chest still flush to his back. Hux lies in front of him, facing him, their legs tangling together and his arms draping over Rens side. Their faces are close, lips almost touching as Hux settles himself on the bed and Kylo wraps his arms around the smaller man. Hux? Ren whispers tiredly. Yes Kylo? Im sorry. For what a rnsearc ? Everything. Kylo, Hux strokes his face with one hand. I love you. I have no regrets, no matter what happens, remember that. Okay? Kylo bites his lip and then slowly nods. Hux.. If my father comes, Ren murmurs lowly. When he comes If I have the clarity that I do in this moment, then let me make that choice. Please? He feels Hux stiffen at this topic and then the General sighs and nods. All right. I promise. ---- The shrill beeping of his comm that indicated an urgent message jerked Hux from his sleep. He fumbled for it, frantically trying to shut it off before it woke Phasma or Ren. Eventually, he found it and answered the call. Hux here. General, I know youre on leave, but I thought it best to tell you first, sir! It's about the countermeasures to Project Force Choke. Have- I havent interrupted your sleep, have I? The person on the other side of the line said. The General sat up, moving to the edge of the bed, away from the still sleeping Captain and Knight. No, he says far too quickly. No, Im awake. What do you have to report? Well, mostly good news sir, but you might want to see it in person. Im on my way. Hux clicked his comm off and rubbed a hand over his face. He had no idea what hour it was anymore but he was starting to feel hungry. His lip and nose are sore from where Kylo had backhanded him. He glanced back at where Kylo lay sleeping, securely wrapped in Phasmas arms; they had made it through this latest episode. But this wasnt a solution, he knew. Not one that could be enacted permanently. There were too many other factors at play still. Hux could only hope the news was as good as the lab tech who had messaged him had said it was. He pulled on the same uniform jacket hed had when hed originally come into the room, pulled on his boots as well. Hux knew his pants were wrinkled from sleeping in them but didnt bother to find another pair. Quickly he splashed water on his face, washing off the last of the blood off his face. He was on leave anyway The General paused, just long enough to glance back at Kylo and then left his quarters, all but praying for good news. --- General Hux! The tech looked up as Hux entered the small medical lab in the sick bay. Where is the team I assigned to work on this? Hux asked as he glanced around the lab. Oh, theyre all sleeping by now Im sure, Im just here to keep the centrifuge spinning. The tech seemed far too enthusiastic for this time of night. Weve never met, Im Duustal Zittoun. I graduated from the Academys science branch just last year, my specialty is in genetics. Ah, Hux nodded. So youre half way through your proving period, then. Im glad to see that you havent been fed to anything unpleasant. Everyone who graduated from the Academy had their two year proving period, it would be what would set them on their career course in the First Order. For scientists it was different than actual military personnel, they operated independently from those who saw battle. The senior researchers also had a bad habit of ensuring that those they didnt like had terrible accidents. Hux had seen two different newcomers accidently fed to rancors and several others had met equally gruesome and terrible fates. But Duustal was grinning as he moved about the lab. No sir! I stay out of their way and take the graveyard shift! I see, so tell my Zittoun, what have you got to show me? Hux peered at one of the petri dishes that was currently growing something bright orange in its agar. We broke through today! We found a way to counter Compound 49-98R! Hux looked up at the tech. Counter it, you say? Yes! It's brilliant actually! The design of this Compound is so clever! It acts almost like a virus, it latches on to the hosts RNA during cell division. Then once it is a part of the cell it goes undetected and as the cell continues to multiply- It stays in the body and proliferates, Hux finished for him. He might now know the finer scientific details, but he also knew what taking Rens blood twice a week for two months had shown him. Zittoun stared at him and then nodded. They didnt tell me that you were of a scientific mind, General. I would have skipped the explanation. My apologies. Im not. It only makes sense. Why create a drug that you have to continue to supplement? It makes sense to design something that will have longevity, Hux shrugs. Tell me then. How do you counter it? You stop it from bonding. Stop it from spreading first of all and then? You unravel it. Unhinge it. It's a delicate process, thats part of why it took us so long. You have to do it right otherwise youll kill the host, Zittoun explained. But we went a step further, we modified our countermeasure to act as a vaccine, if you will. It will prevent the Compound from binding to the RNA. In the event that someone already has been exposed to the Compound it will reverse it and prevent it from taking hold again. And youve been able to produce these results successfully? All our tests have proven so, yes sir. Theres a chance of three-tenths of a percent error, of course- Prepare a dose of it. Sir? Zittoun frowns. Lord Ren is a Force-user, surely you know that? Hux met the young mans gaze levelly. Zittoun shifts uncomfortably. I had heard many rumors regarding Lord Ren. Sometimes it is difficult to ascertain which ones should be paid mind to. It is hardly a rumor, Zittoun. Lord Ren is powerful, but I suspect that even he would be vulnerable to such devices. That is not a chance Im willing to take, he is too valuable to the First Order and the Supreme Leader would be most displeased if we were to allow the Resistance to gain such an advantage. Prepare a dose of the counter-Compound. There are other rumors, General, Zittoun says as he begins to work. He tinkers with beakers and a pipet, carefully measuring a milky liquid into a saline solution and placing the test tube in the centrifuge and setting it spinning. He looked up at the General. They say that Lord Ren is involved with Captain Phasma. His personal life is none of my concern. Certain people also say that is why he and the Captain have been absent for so long. Rumor is that theyve eloped. Hux could almost laugh, instead he kept his expression impassive. Well, if he is involved with the Captain I will be sure to have her give him the shot. I dont want him destroying the medical wing again. Very good then General. Ive heard rumors of his temper, Zittoun smiles again, too wide for Huxs taste. You hear an awful lot of rumors for a entry level genetic tech, Hux was frowning now. It would do you well to ignore them. I expect a copy of your full report within a week. Of course, General. --- Kylo, Kylo wake up. Someone was shaking his shoulder. The Knight groaned and turned away from whatever was pestering him. He didnt want to wake up, he was warm right now. Waking up meant that he had to face things. Deal with things. That was something he didnt want to do. Not when he had finally been gifted his first dreamless sleep in weeks. No Force visions and no nightmares. Kylo! the voice sounded more urgent now and a hand stroked at his face. Huxs hand, the Knight realized. Fine. He would wake for Hux. Dark eyes opened and he stared up at the General. Hey, the General has that small smile on his face, one that Ren has come to recognize as a hopeful expression. Sorry I woke you. Sokay, Ren scrubbed at his face with one hand. What happened? They created an antidote, Hux tells him in a rushed whisper and it takes Ren a minute to comprehend what the redhead is talking about. Kylos eyes go wide and he sits up, disentangling himself from Phasmas arms. His hands go to clutch Huxs shoulders, fingers gripping him so tightly that the General winces. They can fix me? Ren hardly dares to hope Huxs expression shifts, he frowns and rests a hand on Kylos arm. There is nothing wrong with you! he snaps, but then his tone softens. You dont need fixing, you need care because youve been hurt. Dont dont ever say that you need to be fixed Kylo. The words are so unexpected and Ren flinches back from them, his hands releasing their hold on the General. His chest tightens slightly and he had to swallow a few times to make the lump in his throat go away. He feels that spark of Light flare up again, emboldened by how passionately Hux speaks those words. It is startling to the Knight every time and he doesnt think hell ever get over the shock of it. Of someone accepting him and all his faults, his Darkness. After having been told for so long that it was wrong , that it was foul and being made to feel so undesirable because he cannot reach the Light And ironically, here it is, here it has been since Nilash, when his compassion for Hux brought it to the forefront. Kylo blinks, giving himself a small shake, no. He doesnt want to follow that train of thought. Doesnt want to reflect on it and all its implications. Not now. He licks his lips nervously and glances at the redhead. So, the antidote? I have it, but we have to administer it via injection, is that something youll be okay with? Hux reaches out to him again, touching his shoulder. Ren closes his eyes, taking a deep breath. Then he slowly nods. Just just talk to me while you do it. He offers his right arm out, the one without the dark pink scar running down it, trying to will himself not to tremble. Itll be quick, Hux promises him and he pulls a small rubber tourniquet from his pocket and a case containing a single tiny needle. It might be cold though, he warns, warm hands tying the band around Rens upper arm and fingers gently feeling for a vein as the blood flow became reduced. Im not afraid of the cold, Ren murmured, looking away from the sight of what Hux was doing. I know you arent. Youre brave, Ren, Hux tells him, warm fingers working over cool skin. He finds a vein that satisfies him and he moves to open the case, taking the needle out. Did you know, Hux tells him as he flicks the needle and Ren shudders slightly at the sound. That you and Phasma have apparently eloped? What? Ren glances at Hux, almost laughing and as he does the needle pierces his skin and icy cold fluid sends a cramp up through his arm. He hisses slightly but doesnt take his eyes off Hux. Oh yes, thats why you two have been going on all these missions lately. It's because youre off honeymooning while destroying the Resistance. Hux pulls the needle out of Rens arm, pulled off the tourniquet and placed a small bandage over the pin prick wound, keeping pressure on it with his thumb. That is by far the stupidest rumor I have heard yet, Ren makes a face. Oh I suspect that our Captains return to her duties will be met with congratulations on her nuptials. And there will be that one officer who will be stupid enough to ask her if there are children in her future, Hux chuckles. You have to admit, the idea is amusing. The idea is terrifying , Ren pulled his arm away from Hux, his hand rubbing over the injection site. How long will it be before the antidote takes effect? It should start to work immediately, but for it to fully work, Im not sure. It's going to take time, it has a lot to undo. You did well Kylo, Huxs hand rests over his own, giving it a gentle squeeze and they sit there in silence for a few minutes. Can you manage to eat? Hux finally asks him. Ren considers the question and then slowly nods. I-I want to Ill need your help. Please? he feels so weak to have to ask for this. This is something he should have conquered! It infuriates him that he has this handicap still. That his mind is so fragile to the point where he keeps encountering this set back. He cant keep having this weakness! It will destroy him! It would have been better if he had never started this dangerous game of indulgence! If he had just done as his Master told him! Hux is offering him a piece of fruit and Ren finds himself distracted from his cycle of frustration as he accepts it, eating it out of the Generals hand with a shudder. But, oh, the sweetness of the fruit is worth it! It is worth every bit of frustration and struggle. It is worth it to have the General of the First Order, the man who is seen as so cold and heartless by others, fanatical in his drive and design to crush the Republic, treating him so gently and feeding him by hand. It is worth defying Snoke for these precious moments, when Kylo becomes wrapped up in the act of eating, of being fed and cared for. He starts to lean forward more and more, anticipating the next sweet pieces, holding his mouth open and utterly giving in to the feeling of Huxs adoration. Of his warmth that seems to radiate from him in ceaseless waves. It is intoxicating and Kylo feels like he could get drunk on the sensation. Kylo doesnt know if he should credit this to the antidote in his blood now, or if the presence of both Hux and Phasma working him through his latest episodes of terror and dissociation have granted him a small reprieve of stability. Perhaps it is a bit of both? Kylo doesnt care. All he knows for certain is that to feel as he does in this moment, so special, so treasured, is the best thing in the Galaxy and he cant get enough of it. After weeks and weeks of terror and sadness, to simply bask in the golden glow of Huxs affections is a welcome change. It invigorates him, and breathes new life into the Knight, pushing him forward into an almost manic state. To feel the General not consumed by worry and anxiety but focused entirely on the hope that they have made it through the worst of their struggle It is the closest thing to true happiness Ren thinks hell ever find. He ends up straddling Huxs lap, trembling as he eats the fruit fed to him. Theyre both breathing heavily and the Force has managed to physically manifest itself around them, cloaking them in that cool black mist that once terrified Hux so much. Rens hands go to grasp Huxs face, staring at him as the Knight pants for breath, drinking in those green eyes and all the secrets held within them. Ren feels himself stir and he leans down. His lips cover Huxs and he draws the General into their first true kiss in months since Rens return. Hux stiffens and then his arms go around Kylo, pulling him close and the General kisses him back with a low moan. Kylo slowly rocks against him as they kiss. Yes. This. Hes missed this so much. Missed the feeling of exhilaration that makes his heart race, his toes curl and leaves him breathless. He wants more . He wants the sweetness of fruit in his mouth and the smell of Hux, his Hux, in his nose, he wants to feel the other mans hands on him. To have his senses entirely consumed by his lover. It's like waking from a fog filled dream and for the first time in weeks he has crystal clear clarity. Ren gives into his desires, indulging himself entirely in the moment, because he has no idea how long it will last and he wants to take in as much as he can. Hux breaks the kiss then, pulling away, breaking their embrace entirely and putting space between them with a wince as he moves his hands so they rest on Kylos shoulders. The Knight doesnt understand and a spike of anxiety goes through him. He feels the warmth leave him as his greatest fear becomes reality. Hux is rejecting him. Why? What has he done wrong? The black mist around them dissipates leaving them exposed again. Are are you all right? Hux asks him. Ren gives him a confused look, not understanding. What? his throat closes up and he looks away. I  Hux...  I dont want to harm you, Huxs next words catch him by surprise and Ren looks back at him. Harm? Hux, you- I didnt know that that you were disassociating before. I didnt realize that was what was happening, Huxs voice is filled with guilt and worry. I never want to put you through that again. It clicks then. Ren had never talked about it, had never admitted to it until he was screaming at Hux with his arm half sliced opened that night, that sometimes he loses his grip on reality. That sometimes in the middle of sex the Knight finds himself not in Huxs bed, not in the Generals arms but pinned under Snoke on the cold floor of the citadel. In those terrifying memories he is young again, choking on the smell of death and rot that surrounds his Master, weeping silently because long ago he had learned not to make noise, lest it become worse for him. Then the world would flip again and he would be back in Huxs bed, tears rolling down his cheeks and Hux has stopped moving and is asking him if hes okay. Half the time Ren would nod, whispering for the General to continue, at least one of them should be satisfied right? The other half the time he would disentangle himself from Hux, curling up at the edge of the bed away from his lover, feeling dirty and ashamed. Leaving the General confused, hurt and both of them unfulfilled. He had been both too proud and too scared to admit it to Hux, worried it would drive his lover away. That he would reject him. That Hux wouldnt understand or that he would treat Kylo like some sort of glass doll, fragile and easily chipped. Or worse, that he would do something incredibly stupid. It is hard to know when I dont tell you. You you always stopped though, checked if I was all right, and that that means a lot, Kylo admits softly. This is hard, difficult and he isnt sure he has the strength to make the words work right now. Not so soon after And he doesnt want to ruin these precious moments of clarity with such sorrow. Slowly he reaches out and rests a hand over one of Huxs. I should have asked you. I should have- Hux berates himself. And I wouldnt have told you, I would have lied. I would have said anything other than the truth, the words have a bitter taste to them, but the truth, the reality of what they had been, what theyd become, was never easy to stomach. Going forward will you tell me the truth? Will you let me help you? Hux asks, looking back at him, expression stricken. Rens mouth twists and he chews on his tongue anxiously. I I will try, he gives Hux an apologetic look. I cant make a promise like that Hux, you know Ill break it. But, but Ill try. He hopes this is good enough, he hopes that Hux will understand. Even so, Kylo realizes that his admission will change things between them. Hes already felt the dynamic shift again; whatever they turn into now, itll be something entirely different. Hux? The silence between them feels heavy and uncomfortable, Kylo hates it. He doesnt want this bitter sadness anymore! Anything was better than this. He was so utterly exhausted by how much it had consumed him. He just wanted his lover back. Wanted things to be as they once had been! Was that so much to ask? Yes Kylo? Kiss me again? They wont ever be what they once were. No, as their dynamic has shifted, so has the balance between them. Kylo doesnt know what it will bring, and that scares him a little bit. No, not just a little, a great deal. It is terrifying even. He just hopes Hux will still be there, he needs Hux to be there. The General crawls back to him so he sits in front of the Knight. He places a hand on either side of Kylos face and draws him into a slow, gentle kiss. It isnt desperate, but it isnt chaste either. It makes Kylo think of a pot of water on a low flame, building up slowly to a boil. Then Hux tilts their heads and the kiss deepens as the General explores his mouth with a soft tongue and Kylo has to cling to his shoulders for stability. The kiss is all the answer Kylo needs and his body feels warm from head to toes. He doesnt want to kiss to end. He wants more . Needs it like air. He aches for it. For Huxs hands to touch him, to bring him the amazing feelings of pain and pleasure that he has so many times before in the past. Phasma shifts behind them, and yawns as she starts to wake up. Ren could scream in frustration. Hux breaks their kiss, just as slowly as he had started it and Ren is panting, swaying slightly. Careful Ren, he murmurs, his own voice thick with desire. It's too soon, too early still. We need to be careful. I dont want to be careful, Kylo whispers hoarsely. I want you. Hux doesnt answer that, but strokes Kylos face and the Knight groans, leaning into the touch. Phasma, I brought some breakfast, the General tells the Captain as she yawns again and sits up behind them. Ill catch you up on everything, but I need to shower. Sit with Ren? This stings a bit, more than Kylo expected. He wants to be close to Hux. To touch every inch of him and kiss him. To have that intimacy that bathing with him always brings. He wants it all. Now. He doesnt want to be careful or take it slow or wait. That is torture, agony. It feels like he is being punished. Hux, let me come with you, one of his hands closes on the Generals. Not now, Hux tells him gently, pulling his hand free from Kylos. It doesnt take away any of the sting. It still feels like rejection, even though logically it makes sense. Even though part of him knows Hux is right in this. It would not do for Ren to have an episode while theyre in the shower, least of all if they were to start to become intimately engaged. He could hurt Hux, hurt himself. They have no idea how long his clarity of mind will last. But even that doesnt dampen his desire and he sighs heavily, if dramatically, in defeat. Hux presses a kiss to his temple then as he stands. I want to be sure youve stabilized a little more. Please, for your own sake Kylo, be patient. I promise you, the rewards will be all that you desire and more, he murmurs in Rens ear and the Knight shivers at the idea of Hux lavishing him with touches, praise and pleasure. Kylo swallowed heavily and then finally nodded. He could borrow some of Huxs patience, because he wanted it to be good , he didnt want it to go wrong because of some phantom terror firing off inside his head. He leans up and kisses Huxs lips once more, not caring that Phasma is awake now and watching him with an amused grin. Hux has to pull free, panting for breath. He strokes Kylos face once more and then tears himself away and retreats to the bathroom. As the door closes behind him Phasma stretches. You look like youre feeling better, she comments. Im glad. What do we have for breakfast? ---- Hux closed the door to the bathroom and let out a slow breath. Things were going to be fine, they just couldnt rush things. The process of repair was often far more time consuming than that of destruction. Pushing forward too fast and too hard would be disastrous, no matter how badly he and Ren might both want this. Already the Knight was showing improvement, but Hux knew better than to think that the antidote had worked so quickly. He also knew it all couldnt be blamed on the Compound lurking in Rens blood. His lover had been tortured in ways that even the First Order shied away from. That week in Ematts base would not be easily forgotten and would likely have a lasting effect on the Knight. Damnably though, Hux felt himself hoping, hoping that this was a start. That things would improve, even if it was slow. This past hour had been the most lucid that Ren had been in weeks. Hed eaten, theyd managed to hold a conversation and Ren had even Hux closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the door. He had felt the ache, just as Kylo had. Felt the pull of desire. It had taken all his restraint to pull away, to be cautious and mindful of the Knights mental state. That didnt mean he lacked for passion though. Hed been so wrapped up in work and caring for the deteriorating Knight, so exhausted from it, that any sort of pleasure had been far from his mind. Hed not even bothered to take himself in his hand. But now that hed gotten a halfway decent night of sleep and Kylo had been in writhing in his lap, kissing him, Huxs resulting erection would not be ignored. He turned the water on in the shower, stripped and stepped under the cool spray. Grabbing the soap he lathered it quickly, not wanting to take long with bathing and trying to focus on anything other than his cock as it jumped slightly when the water hit it. Phasma needed a reprieve and they could only account for her absence for so long. If Kylo managed to improve then Hux should be able to manage him over these next few days. It would also take time for the Knight to gain back the strength hed lost from the malnutrition and bedrest. They needed to continue their skirmishes, training with their personal platoons. Hux needed to take the time to sit down with Ashara and Mitaka and plan out their course for the Togrutas mission. He needed to check in on them, see how the Togruta was fairing with her newly replaced limb. There was so much to do still and not nearly enough hours in the day. And damn it, he was still achingly hard. Hux put his face under the spray of the water, letting it run over his head and drown out his thoughts. Then he took himself in a soapy hand and gave his cock a slow pull. Pleasure coursed through him like lightning and he bite his tongue so he wouldnt groan. Just something quick. Quick to take the edge off, so he can focus, so he can take care of Kylo. So his actions are motivated by his heart and his mind and not his cock. He stroked himself again, squeezing his cock as he did and gasped, his mouth dropping open and head falling back as the spray of the shower danced along his throat and chest. Something quick so he can be tender and slow and gentle with his healing lover. So he can indulge him without pressuring him. So he can have the control he will need to pause if something goes wrong. So he will have the focus to know when things go awry and Kylo cant or wont vocalize. And when he is able to? When he is lucid? Hux will touch him, kiss every single scar on his body and trail that herbal oil all over his body and focus entirely on making Kylo feel safe and good . A whimper breaks from Huxs throat and his hand is moving rapidly now, squeezing his cock so hard it is almost painful. Then he cums, fast and hard, splattering whiteness on his stomach as he does and he has to brace himself against the shower wall to keep from collapsing as his head spins. It has been far too long since he has done this and his legs feel weak. Hux rinses himself off, again and steps out of the shower. He grabs a towel and realizes that he didnt bring any clothing into the bathroom with him. Damn it. He emerged from the bathroom, towel wrapped around his waist, hair soaking wet to the sight and sound of Kylo talking to Phasma and then laughter. Ren was laughing and Hux froze for a moment, listening to the sound, appreciating the low rumble as it bubbled from the Knights chest. The two were so engrossed in their conversation that they paid him no mind as he retrieved a black tank top and a pair of sweatpants and underwear from his dresser and quickly pulled them. When Hux sat back down on the bed Kylo scooted over to him and promptly rested his head in the Generals lap, his arms going to wrap around his waist. This is familiar, almost as if the struggles of the past couple months havent happened, picking right back up where they left off. Every so often Kylo would do this, usually after eating an evening meal either on his own or with Huxs help, he would curl in the Generals lap like an oversized feline and sigh contentedly as Hux stroked his hair. They would talk about whatever came to mind or if it had been a bad day for Kylo, Hux would murmur reassurances to him. There was something tender about those moments, when the frantic rush of the Galaxy finally seems to slow for a few hours and they could fall asleep curled against each other. It had only been a few months ago when things had been almost normal for them, but it seemed like a lifetime ago now. Hux knows better than to hope too much, but even so he smiles and starts to work his fingers through Rens hair. The Knight reacts with a small groan and his body relaxes under Huxs touch. Hes beautiful like this, when hes so calm, so content. Hux has to admit to himself that hes missed this. Hed taken the entire year for granted, both good days and bad days, because hed never thought that things could ever go so wrong. Now, he knows that he needs to treasure this time, because it can coming to a crashing halt all too quickly. Youve got it bad, Phasma chuckles slightly and Hux looks up at her, not realizing that hed been ignoring her. Sorry? No, no, she waves a hand as she starts to eat from the tray of food Hux had brought back with him. It's nice to see him so happy, especially after- Im still here you know, Kylo grumbles, turning in Huxs lap and letting go of his waist so he can face Phasma. Dont talk about me like Im not. Phasma smiles at him apologetically as Hux resumes carding his fingers through Rens hair. The Knights irritation fades again, almost instantly and a faint smile spreads over his face as he relaxes into the touch. Im glad youre feeling a bit better, Phasma tells him. So, General catch me up. Kylo says our medical R&D finally got the antidote made? And apparently he and I have eloped? --- Phasma left a few hours later and Hux laid back on the bed, stretching out. Kylo was still lying in his lap, one of Huxs hands still tangled in Kylos hair and the other resting on his back. Hux knew he really needed to schedule that meeting with Mitaka and Ashara, but he was loath to move, especially as Kylos body had become limp and heavy with sleep again. He was sleeping so much, more than Hux had ever known him to. Perhaps it was part of the healing process? Hux couldnt be sure, but he just hoped that Kylo would be able to sleep through the night again. The Knight stiffened a bit in his sleep and Hux sat up as Kylo started to whimper. Shhh, he murmured, hands moving to comfort the other man. Suddenly Ren sat bolt upright, staring at Hux with wide, terrified eyes, his face drained of color. No, he whispered. Kylo? Hux touched his shoulder and the Knight flinched away, scrambling back from the General. No! his eyes darted about the room, watching something that only he could see. No! No! Stop it! Shut up! His hands went over his ears. Stop! Stop! Stop! Kylo! Hux reached out to him and Ren shrank away. Stop it! Stop it! Not again! Rens voice became pained and shrill. Stop! I just want it to stop! The voices had woken him from his sleep, the memories of screams, of children dying and crying. But then they had all fallen away until only only one voice remained: that of his Master. Prove yourself to me, my Apprentice. Kneel. Then comes the smell. That rotting stench of death that fills his nose and lingers on his skin and in his hair. He cant get the smell to leave no matter how much he scrubs at his skin, even when he scrubs and claws at himself until he bleeds. He is marked by it and it haunts him. Just as Snokes hands leave bruises on his skin and his long fingers dig into his flesh and leave bleeding claw marks into his back as he pushes Kylo to the floor. Again. And again. Kylo begs, pleads for him to stop. His head is slammed against the ground. His robes are torn open and Snokes weight bears down on him. Kylo feels his body tense and then tear and pain floods him. He screams as he feels blood trickle down between his thighs. Then he cant breathe. Snoke shoves his fingers into Rens mouth, plunging them into his throat. Nails claw at the tender flesh there and Ren chokes on them. He feels his throat tearing open and gags on blood, on the very taste of death that hangs off Snoke like a miasma. It haunts him, pulls him down into terrifying blackness that threatens to snuff him out entirely. KYLO! A voice reaches him. Who- Snokes other hand closes around his throat. Kylo, come back to me! Wake up Kylo! Snoke is crushing him. Kylo! A rnsearc ! Ren gasps and his vision clears. Snoke is gone. The Citadel is gone. His entire body hurts, his muscles are strained and his mouth is full of blood, hes bitten his tongue. The floor of Huxs room is cold against his back. Hed fallen off the bed and Hux is crouched next to him, clutching his shoulders. H-Hux? Ren whispers. The General nods, hes shaking and then pulling Ren against him into a tight embrace. Y-you were screaming- Hux chokes on the words. Begging him to stop. Kylo feels his blood run cold. He had been screaming aloud? That hadnt been all in his head? Hux...I- Im sor- Dont you dare apologize for what he did to you! Hux growls. It isnt your fault! Hux holds him tightly for a long time, until Rens trembling finally stops. Then the General helps him stand, stabilizing him and guiding Ren to the bathroom. The Knight feels drained and follows his lead numbly. Hux bathes him, redresses him in clean clothes and leads him back to the bed. Only once Ren is curled in the Generals arms again does Hux speak. Do do you want to talk about it? Hux asks quietly, his hands stroking through Rens now clean and damp hair. Ren looks up at him, dark eyes bloodshot from crying so much. He presses himself closer to Hux and it is silent for a long time. Then Ren quietly begins to speak. I was fourteen the first time, you know that. Id been living on the streets for a year after I ran away from my uncle, after I accidentally killed the other student. And.. and Snoke took me in, promised to show me how to control my powers if I was absolutely obedient to him. If I had known I might have kept running. He takes a deep breath, sitting up now, his arms wrapping around himself in an effort to put a bit of space between him and Hux before he told him this next part. Despite being clean, his skin was crawling and he wanted to claw it off, wanted to burn himself to drive away how foul and disgusting the memories made him feel. The last time was just before I was assigned to you. Hours before we met. I... Kylo closes his eyes, trembling. Kylo if it's too much- Hux starts, sitting up, putting a hand lightly on the small of his back. No! No, I need to say it aloud. Perhaps if he did this it wont be a nightmare anymore? If he faced it, confronted it, then it might not haunt him as it did? Kylo looks back at the redhead. I -I dont want it hold power over me anymore, so please listen? Just listen and And promise youll still love me when Im done? Even when you know the worst parts? I promise, there is no hesitation in Huxs words, no doubt in his voice. I will never stop loving you, and certainly not because of what that bastard did to you. It wasnt your fault Kylo! You need to believe that! Perhaps one day he would. But for now, he just needed to tell Hux what had happened. All of it. From the beginning. Small steps forward. Slowly, Kylo began to speak again. ----- Hux lay in the bed, Kylo was curled up against him, head resting on Huxs chest, his back rising and falling with the slow breath of sleep. They had talked for hours. Or rather Kylo had talked and Hux had listened. He had never heard the Knight speak so much in a single sitting, even after their reestablishment of their relationship and the year that had followed, Kylo had never spoken so much about what had happened to him and with such brutal honesty. He didnt show Hux through the Force as he had nearly three years ago in Huxs office, but spoke, however inelegantly and bluntly, about what he had gone through. There had been pauses in the Knights words, moments when he stopped speaking and just sobbed, hiding his face in his hands as Hux cradled him close. But the longer he talked, the easier it seemed to become. The less he cried, even though he still trembled. Finally the Knights story of his experiences had come full circle. From that terrifying and brutal first time when he was fourteen all the way up until he and Hux had met. After that Kylo had slumped back onto the bed, staring up at the ceiling in silence for a few minutes, his hands scrubbing at his face. Hux had worried hed pushed himself into another dissociative episode. But then Ren had sighed and sat back up. This time, he didnt keep his back to Hux, but turned to face him, head bowed and slowly started to talk again. This time, about that very first year when theyd both started to work together. You were the first person who was gentle with me, Kylo had bitten his lip, fingers tugging at his hair slightly. He was silent again for a few minutes before he was able to continue. That frightened me So badly. I-I didnt know how to respond to it. His voice had been quiet, a low rumble that Hux had to strain to hear and had leaned closer so his ear was nearly against Rens lips as the Knight spoke. Eventually Ren had rested his forehead on Huxs shoulder and his words had come out easier as Hux brought a hand up to stroke his head. Kylo felt his mouth go dry and coughed, Hux brought him water without saying anything, keeping silent as hed promised. Just listening, taking in all the Knight would tell him. The first person who didnt hurt me, Ren had glanced shyly up at him as he said this, but only for a second before ducking his head back down and wrapping his arms around himself in a gesture of self-comfort. He shuddered slightly as he had continued. It was terrifying. But you were so warm. I just wanted to keep touching you. Everything about you was so addicting. Your touch, your smell, the way you felt inside of me. You completed me. You saved me from becoming like my Master, he licked his lips, swallowing heavily and letting out a slow breath, he was shaking. Tears had started to roll down his face again. For the first time I felt like I actually mattered to someone as a human being. Not just a tool. Not just something to use. Kylo had finally looked at him. For the first time in hours, properly looked at him. The Knight was entirely vulnerable, his worst secrets revealed, the things hed tried so desperately to hide, to forgot, all put on painful display. He was waiting for the rejection, for Hux to discard him, to find him disgusting and used and damaged beyond repair. Kylo Ren, Hux murmured. I love you. Your history will never change that. You are my Knight, my partner and the one I want by my side when the First Order stands victorious with all our enemies crushed beneath our feet. You inspire me, frustrate me and humble me, as no other being can and I would not trade away even one sleepless, nightmare filled eventide by your side. Carefully, so very carefully, Hux had drawn Kylo closer to him, tilted his face up and pressed a kiss to his lips. Kylo collapses against him, crying without making a sound. Hux just holds him and says nothing more, letting the Knight understand and process what hes been told. Kylo doesnt speak anymore then, he just stays in Huxs embrace. The Knights words, inelegant as they had been, had a beauty to them that makes Huxs heart feel like it may very well fracture in half. He had never realized the depths to which he affected the Knight. Of just how much of an impact he had on the other man. Ren had damned him once, told Hux that hed made the Knight feel the call of the Light, had ruined him. That had been shocking enough as it was, and something Hux still didnt fully understand, he would have to ask Ren about it later. But to fully come to terms with how he made Kylo feel, the full extent of how much he meant to the Knight. How dependent Ren had become on him. And in realizing this, Hux found that he himself had not remained untouched. That was perhaps the most frightening part. That Hux was just as terrifyingly dependent on Ren. He had stormed a Resistance base with only Mitaka in tow to get the Knight back. Now he was hiding his condition from the First Order, from Snoke. He had endured sleepless nights, beatings and being stabbed by the other man. Hell, he was plotting the most dangerous coup ever All for one broken man. And he knew he would do it all again. Without hesitation. Hux cant imagine a life without Ren by his side. He cant fathom losing him. Even if that means that Ren leaves the Order, that he goes with his uncle and father, so long as he is safe from Snoke, perhaps Hux will be able to see him again. One day. Assuming the operative is able to find Han Solo. Until then Hux has to be sure to keep Ren safe, has to give him time to heal. The antidote will help, but Ematts science project has unearthed horrors that will not readily go away. It has ripped off the mental bandage that Ren had applied over the terrors of what hed endured over the years. Now now there is no reburying it. It must be faced. The General is torn between the feelings of love for the Knight and the choking rage that makes him want to shoot the Supreme Leader for all the harm he has caused the Knight. The latter is the more dangerous of the impulses, the one that he has to keep in check. That he has to hide. Especially if his plan of grand treason is to work. Snoke must never know, must never be allowed to even suspect what Hux has in mind. In this moment, with Kylo nestled safely against his chest, Hux allows himself the luxury of fantasy. Of believing that his long con will work, even if Ren leaves with his father and uncle later. Of dreaming of the day that Snoke is dead and Hux can give the shriveled creatures head to Ren as a gift. Perhaps even as a dowry, as twisted as the idea is. A gesture of his devotion... The thought is terrifying to Hux. Something so unlike him, so uncivilized, so feral. That his anger makes him feel this way. But that is how enraged the General becomes when he thinks of what Snoke has done to Ren. The torment that the younger man has been put through. It makes Hux burn with a rage so hot that he fears hell spontaneously combust. That hell go utterly insane if he lets himself indulge in his fury for too long. Control. He must keep himself in control. For Rens sake, for the sake of the Order. Careful, careful control, he must never let anyone suspect that he had an ulterior end game. Then, when the moment is right- His datapad beeps with a message and he reaches for it, trying not to disturb Kylo in the process. He manages to grab it and opens up the message waiting for him. It is from Phasma, and has a picture attached with a single sentence caption. I hate being married. The picture itself is of the door to her quarters, which is nearly hidden under all the congratulatory cards that have been taped to it. There is also a small pile of simply wrapped presents at the foot of her door. Apparently the rumor of her marriage had spread like wildfire through the ranks and every single officer and trooper aboard the Star Destroyer had found it fitting to leave her a gift. The message blinked and then updated. I hate you so much for encouraging this. It took me thirty minutes to pull at those cards off my door. And you dont even want to know what some of the presents were, I assure you a toaster was NOT included among them. Hux couldnt fight the grin that spread over his face, at the Captains lamentation, welcoming the distraction from the dark trains of thought he was currently fostering. He typed a message back to her. Your long suffering is appreciated. His datapad blinked again and this time there was another photo. It included what looked like skimpy lingerie, a ball gag, a riding crop, fuzzy handcuffs, and a very large, very purple dildo. Hux snorted with laughter, his entire body shaking with the effort it took to keep silent. He didnt want to wake Kylo, but he couldnt stop laughing. This was, he realized, a better release for his rage than letting it give him an ulcer. The message updated again. Im going to personally bludgeon you to death with that dildo. This is all your fault. Hux had to put a hand up to his mouth to stifle any noises that might escape, he was laughing so hard he couldnt breathe and tears were welling up in his eyes. Finally he managed to get ahold of himself enough to type out a message back to her. I didnt tell them to get you gifts and I certainly never suggested anything to anyone about the nature of the gifts either. Do they at least have receipts? Of course not. I shudder to think of what they might have left at Rens door. Although given that they are scared of him, I would hazard a guess that Ive received the worst of it. Keep me updated. Youre a bastard. Hux laughed at that, feeling his rage melt away at the Captains situation. He really should see about having disciplinary action taken, this sort of thing was hardly professional. But he found that he hardly cared, order was good, but there needed to be room to breathe as well. He typed out a message to Mitaka, setting up a planning meeting with him and had set his tablet aside, on the verge of falling asleep again when the device chirped once more. Another message from Phasma. Of course I get the scandalous gifts. I was right, most of the crew is too afraid to offer Ren congratulations, but his platoon that hes been training with left him something. The message updated again with a photo. It was a simple card and a box that contained, what looked like a very expensive set of various oils. Some for muscle aches, some for erotic exploits, some for sleep easing and some for scar care. Im impressed. Hux wrote her back. I take it youre going to keep this gift? I might. His troopers seem fond of him, which is good. Such loyalty should be rewarded. Will you require assistance tomorrow? If not, I am overdue to return to my duties. Apparently I have to remind people that despite being a married woman we still have a Galaxy to conquer and cannot let ourselves become lax. You are an excellent Captain, I am glad youre on our side. Hux types back to her. I think things will be fine. Im meeting with Mitaka and his fiance tomorrow to start planning the course for their mission. Thank you. And goodnight General. Hux smiles slightly, he wishes he could have seen Phasmas face when shed opened her unexpected wedding gifts. But her irritated messages had been humorous enough. They had been the distraction Hux had needed to calm him down, to let some of his anger burn out of him through laughter. Tomorrow would be a better day, he was sure of it. --- The smell of coffee reached him, stirring him from the depths of sleep. Earthy and slightly herbal, it had pulled him from the dream. Kylo had been in the walled garden again, watching the children play. He had been alone this time, his teacher had not appeared, nor had Hux or any of the other small group of people within the First Order that he had come to identify as friends. This time, the Knight suspected, the dream had been just that: a dream. A subconscious gurgling, entirely uninspired by his connection to the Force. There had been no flames consuming everything, no explosions, no sound of blaster fire. Just a dream. A good dream. Such dreams were so rare that he had almost been reluctant to acknowledge the smell of the coffee as it wove its way into his subconscious. But coffee meant Hux was awake. Coffee also meant breakfast. Which meant toast, fruit and some sort of unidentifiable, highly fatty, meat sausage that probably had enough sodium in it to kill a Hutt, but was ridiculously delicious nonetheless. Hux had fed him a small piece of the sausage off his plate one morning and Ren had moaned at how good it had tasted. When Hux hadnt been looking the Knight had stolen the rest of the sausage off his plate and devoured it. Although he suspect that Hux had been fully aware of what he was doing and had made a show of looking away to encourage him to eat on his own, but that didnt really matter. The sausages had been the most calorie heavy thing Kylo had eaten in weeks and it had been so rich it threatened to make him sick. Fortunately Hux had offered him a piece of toast with jam on it afterwards, which seemed to settle his stomach, the carbs absorbing some of the fats and easing the strain on his stomach. And gradually it had gotten easier to eat. The Knight lay there now, eyes closed, debating if he had the willpower to open them or not. He could smell the food and coffee, could hear Hux moving about at his desk. It had been a week since Hux had injected him with the antidote. The General had taken the time off to stay by Rens side, allowing Phasma to return to her duties before people started to suspect something. Although for Hux, taking time off really just meant he was working out of his quarters half the time. Kylo found he didnt mind though, just having the redhead nearby was comforting. Hux paused often enough to check on Ren and most of the time had worked from the bed instead of his desk. This allowed the Knight to be in nearly constant contact with him, which Ren had taken full advantage of and the first two days of Huxs time off had been spent with the Knight curled either in his lap or around him. Those first two days had been the darkest, but also the most beneficial. His fits had come and gone with the most intensity in those first two days. Hux had spent most of his time holding Kylo and rocking him gently, murmuring nonsense to him in that strange language he knew. It had to be Huxs native tongue, though it was one Kylo was unfamiliar with, it did serve nicely however to break the Knight out of his cyclic fits of screaming and crying. Hux is patient, more patient than Ren thinks he deserves. But at same time he is so grateful for Hux, for the General allowing him to cling to him, wrinkle his shirts and cover them in snot and tears. Hux tells him every day how much he loves him, how strong he is, how precious and brave. Ren is almost starting to believe it. Some days he actually thinks that he is, that he is worth even half the trouble that Hux is going through for him. Every time Hux pulls him out of the terrors that rear their ugly heads, like some sort of red headed guardian angel, Ren loves him a little more. He loves the General with terrifying ferocity that makes him want to get better faster. He wants to stand by Huxs side again, not cower behind him. He has to get stronger so he can do so, so he can support his lover as Hux does him. So he can protect him from his Master, because sooner or later Snoke will come calling. It is memories of his Master that disturb his sleep the most now. Not his mother and fathers disapproval or his uncles condemnation, not the other children or men and women hes tortured and killed. But his Master that has done some of the deepest damage to him. It had taken some work but Ren had managed to sleep through four of the past seven nights without waking up screaming. He lost track of reality each day still, although not nearly as badly as he had been. Although there seemed to be no consistent reduction in the severity, duration or frequency of the episodes. He might have one long, drawn out attack, or several short ones, or a strange combination of the two. Sometimes the attacks were over so quickly that he wasnt even able to register what had happened until he was overwhelmed by a feeling of dread or anxiety. Those were almost worse than the long ones, because with the micro flares, as Hux had started calling them, Ren wasnt able to pinpoint an exact memory or cause for the distress it inspired. The already difficult and complicated process of communicating what was going on inside his head to his lover was further compounded by these little flare ups. It was frustrating and had happened five times before they were able to figure the nature of what was happening. It was getting better though, more manageable. But Kylo was becoming restless. He wanted to be better, wanted to start doing things again! The antidote was working, he didnt need to be shut up in Huxs room anymore! Of course, as if the Galaxy wished to spite him, as soon as he had shared this thought with Hux, hed had an episode that had left him curled up in one corner of Huxs room crying and entirely inconsolable, despite Huxs best efforts, for the better part of an hour and the tremors had never quite left him for the rest of the day. Hux would tell him not to push himself too hard, that if he overdid it he could end up even worse. But Ren wanted to move! He wanted to spar, to train with his platoon, to go to the gym at least! But the medical droid had advised against aggressive physical training, stating that his bones were still healing, even if he didnt feel constant pain anymore. With his restlessness came the return of his ardor. Since he had crawled into Huxs lap while eating the fruit it had been there, making his entire body feel uncomfortably hot and tense. He wanted Hux, wanted his lovers hands and lips on him, his cock filling him. Wanted that intimate touch and connection again so very badly. But Hux was cautious, calculated in what they did, almost overly so. As if the General was afraid and although Hux had explained it to Kylo several times, that didnt make the deep, longing ache go away. But that wasnt to say that the General was unattentive to Rens needs. Hux indulged Kylo, to the point that the Knight was starting to feel spoiled. It had started on the third day in. Kylo had woken up almost painfully hard and had been squirming so much that he had woken the General up, who had worried the Kylo was having a nightmare. Upon finding out that it was something far less severe, Hux had kissed him and Ren had melted into it. His hips hopelessly rutting against Huxs until the General had reached for the massage oil, slicked his hand and worked the Knight to orgasm. That massage oil was something else, and Kylo loved the way it felt on his skin, cooling and warming at the same time with the scent of cinnamon and sandalwood that when it faded, smelled like a jasmine flower. It could be rubbed everywhere as Kylo found out when Hux took it one night and sat at Kylos feet and started to massage them. He had slowly worked his way up the Knights legs, teasing his inner thighs and his cock before leaning up to kiss Ren breathless. Are you doing okay? Hux would ask as the kiss broke, moving his lips down Kylos jaw and to his neck. M-more than okay, Kylo whispered writhing against the redhead. Hux had him roll over and then massaged his back and shoulders before taking an extraordinarily long time to massage his rear. Kylo didnt think it was possible to feel so relaxed and yet have his cock so hard. When Hux had him roll onto his back again it had only taken a few light touches to Rens cock before he was gasping and moaning his way through his orgasm. And even that had been long, and slow, drawn out like the tide, coming in waves. They started to shower together again. Or rather Ren had feigned sleep one morning and then pounced on Hux while he showered, pressing his back against the tiled wall and kissing him under the warm spray of the water. Hux had protested, until Kylo had released his lips, their foreheads resting against each others under the water. Please, Hux, let me touch you? Ren had whispered breathlessly. Im here, in this moment, and I want to touch you. Huxs throat had worked and with a small moan he had given in, pulling Kylo in to kiss him again. The Knight brought his hands between them, scooping soap suds off Huxs body, into his hands and working both their cocks together until they both came. It wasnt without setbacks though. They had been lying in bed on the fifth night, making out like teenagers and Ren had taken one of Huxs hands, guiding it to his back and down over his rear. Are you sure? Hux had broken their kiss to nuzzle the taller man. Yes. Hux had licked at his fingers, guiding one of them between Rens cheeks and circling it around his entrance, teasing him. And that had been so good , Ren had groaned, pressing back against the digit. Then his world had flipped so quickly he almost got whiplash. His entire body had tensed, going stiff as a board while his cock had gone soft and then he had shrank away as the smell of death had overwhelmed him. It had taken Hux twenty minutes to break him out of the memory. The General, in his attempt to prevent him from falling off the bed in his flailing, had gotten punched and kicked numerous times. When Ren had finally come back to the present and see the already purpling marks on Huxs body, he had hated himself and wanted to flee from Huxs sight. Had wanted to hide away in shame for his weakness, for hurting Hux, for being so pathetic. Hux hadnt let him though. Hux had pulled him into a gently embraced and stroked his back, promising him that it was all right. That they just had to go slower, give it more time and later after Ren had calmed down a bit, fed him small pieces of chocolate and murmured reassurances to him. Theyd not done anything since that failed attempt. Ren had been too scared of having another episode and Hux had not pressed him to do more than kiss. The Knight knew however that Hux took himself in his hand when he showered. Could hear the thoughts broadcasting from the General, of all the things he wanted to do to Ren. All the ways he wanted to touch and caress him, make him moan and gasp. It astounded Kylo, that Hux wasnt angry at him, that the Generals only thoughts towards Kylo were those of concern and care. That never once since his rescue had the General shouted at him, despite the frustration that often circled the Generals mind. Ren was familiar with these thoughts, hed sensed the adoration from the General growing steadily over the past year that theyd been together. But he had never quite expected it to manifest like this. Part of Kylo had been anticipating being discarded, being thrown before Snoke as a failed project. And yet, even when hed stabbed Hux on that terrible night The General had not given up on him. Had not turned his care over to some isolated facility, instead he had recruited Phasma and briefly Mitaka to help, had even gone so far as to try and find help by the means of his estranged family, however terrifying that idea was. Kylo thought that he himself was surely not worth this much trouble. Whatever Hux saw in him and all his now fragmented parts, was beyond the Knight. Kylo was broken, disturbed and had issues communicating even the most basic things. Yet Hux had patience in all the areas that Kylo was impulsive. Hux who had his own damages and yet kept holding Kylo so close and tight, who had come back for him. There was no way Kylo could convince himself that he was worth even a fraction of this affection, of this love, that was so warm and all encompassing. He blinked, moving a hand to scrub at his eyes, brushing away the tears that were burning at the corners. There was no way that someone like him, a murder and monster was worthy of this kindness. This care. Kylo took a deep breath in, scrubbing at his eyes once more, trying to make sure that theyd stopped coming, and then sat up. Hux was sitting at his desk, his chair turned away from it, sipping at a cup of coffee as he studied a map of the Outer Rim with great concentration. He hadnt noticed that Kylo was awake yet. The Knight crawled forward to the end of the bed, perching there for a moment and then standing, his bare feet padding on the floor as he made his way over to the General. Hux glanced up at him as he approached. Kylo, he offered the Knight a smile as he stood, setting his coffee on the desk, drawing Ren into an embrace. Kylo hugged him tightly, pressing his face against Huxs neck and shuddering. Did you have a nightmare? Hux asks gently, a hand going to stroke his hair. Ren shook his head, his hands bunching in the back of Huxs shirt, wrinkling it in his fingers. Then what is it, a rnsearc ? Whats wrong? Dont want to talk, Kylo whispered. He knew Hux would protest at this, that he would try to get Kylo to talk. But thankfully Hux didnt this morning and he just silently held Ren. It helped when Hux didnt press him too hard, when he gave Ren a small reprieve from the stress of having to go into detail about what was bothering him. I love you, Kylo told him, face still pressed against the Generals shoulder. Kylo Huxs voice had a slightly disapproving tone that underlined his concern, the one that told Kylo that the General knew he wasnt being forthcoming. But how could he tell Hux something like this? How could he tell redhead that he felt worthless and undeserving of the other mans affections? He couldnt. Not after everything Coffee? Kylo asked, pulling away a bit and offering Hux a smile, trying to push them past this subject. Please? Hux frowned and then sighed. All right. He acquiesced, turning away to pour him a mug of the steaming black liquid from the insulated coffee pot sitting on his desk. I love you, he murmured, pressing a kiss to Kylos lips as he handed him the mug. Never doubt that, Kylo. Ren nodded, sniffling slightly as he took the mug. He blew on the steaming liquid to cool it and took a sip of it. His stomach clenched and then howled in hunger. He gave Hux an apologetic look and the General reached out and stroked his face, Ren leaned in the caress with a sigh. I was waiting for you to wake before I ate, join me? Hux asked, and Ren nodded eagerly. ---- They had finished eating, this was the fifth meal, and the second in a row at that, that Kylo had managed to eat without Hux hand feeding him. This earn him soft words of praise from the General that made him feel warm and good, like sun on a spring morning. It was the mystery meat sausage that had really broken through Kylos resistance and anxiety, and he had eaten, however slowly, four pieces of toast, six sausages and a bowl of fruit before he had to stop because hed started hiccuping from how full he was. He felt content, and slightly sleepy again and held his mug out for Hux to refill it with coffee. Mitaka and Ashara will be coming by soon. We are going to discuss the route that their political campaign will take. You are welcome to join us, Hux told him as he topped Ren off. The Knight just nodded. He had not had the chance to really get to know Ashara before and the last time hed seen either of them had been two months ago. On that awful night. He wasnt sure if he could face them. Kylo dropped his eyes, fingers going to run over the dark pink scar on his right arm. They do not think less of you, Hux told him, as if reading his thoughts. I assure you. I  Kylo bit his lip.  I think less of me. Kylo, dont. Youre strong- Im pathetic, Kylos voice was a whisper, his shoulders hunching defensively.  A rnsearc , you had a rough patch! There was strain in Hux voice that was undeniable and he had to pause, sighing heavily before he spoke again. This time his tone was gentler and he put a hand over Kylos fingers as they traced over the scar on his arm, giving them a gentle squeeze. You endured terrible things. Sometimes even strong people fall down, that does not decrease you, nor your value. Youre just saying that, Kylo mutters darkly, pulling away from Huxs touch as he takes a sip of coffee. What is wrong with him? There is no reason for him to try and start this argument. No reason to antagonize Hux like this. Why is Kylo doing this to himself? He doesnt even know. His own behavior baffled even himself. He sighed. I will keep saying it, a rnsearc , Hux told him firmly. Until the day that you believe it. Because I believe it. He move his hand to rest it on Kylos knees and it a gentle squeeze. Kylo glances up at him. He wants to believe Hux, but he cant. To wrap his mind around it is too staggering. Fortunately hes spared of discussing the matter of his lacking self-esteem any further as there is a knock at Huxs door. Their guests. Hux keys a code into his datapad to let their visitors in and Ren is afraid to look at them. He doesnt want to see pity, or disgust in their eyes, so he shrinks in his chair, knees awkwardly bent inwards and shoulders hunching forward. He wishes the chair would swallow him, he doesnt want to face his friends. He cant. Hux had stood and is talking to them as both Lieutenant and his fiance move to sit in some of the extra chairs that Hux has had brought into room recently. Their seats, along with the one Ren is occupying create a small semi circle around Huxs desk. When Kylo finally finds the courage to look up at their guests, they are both grinning like mad and are each one is holding a box in their lap. There is no pity, no upset or shame in their expressions. They are both truly happy to be here, happy to see him , of all people. You look like youre doing so much better Lord Ren, Ashara tells him, carefully shifting the box she is holding on her lap. Im so relieved that youre recovering. We were worried, Mitaka sets his own box on the floor between their chairs. Youve both been under so much stress and pressure. So we thought you could do with something joyful. Kylo glances at Hux, confused. The General however looks just as confused by this turn in the conversation as he retakes his seat in the chair at his desk. Dare I ask what is in the boxes? Hux finally asks the question. Well it didnt seem fair that Captain Phasma got all the wedding gifts, Ashara explained. And we thought we thought that you both might like this. We thought, thought it would help. Id read a lot of studies that suggest that it does, Mitaka said, looking exceptionally pleased with himself as Ashara handed her box to Hux. Hux was looking at the box like it might explode. Go on, open it! Ashara encouraged, her dark eyes sparkling with laughter. Her replaced hand was clasping Mitakas tightly and her excitement was contagious. Ren smiled faintly, unable to help himself, he was curious to see what was in the box. Open it, Hux, he murmured to Hux, reaching out and giving his lover a gentle nudge. The General sighed heavily, shaking his head, clearly preparing himself to vastly disapprove of whatever was inside the cardboard package. It was not a large box, perhaps a foot wide and eight inches tall. There were a few small holes poked in it and a rustling sound could be heard if one listened very carefully. Hux glanced at Ren and then at his Lieutenant and the Togruta. I swear, if you have filled this box with bugs of some sort- he let the threat hang in the the air as he carefully pulled open the interlaced flaps that were holding the top of the box shut. Then Hux froze, his mouth dropping open slightly and his eyes went wide as he stared at the boxs contents. Hux? Ren asked. There were few times that the General could be so completely and utterly taken by surprise. It was almost frightening. Hux, whats in there? Is this a joke? the General asked quietly, not looking up. What? Mitakas smile vanished and he suddenly looked very nervous. No! No, shes for you! For both of you! I-I just thought- he starts to trip over his words and Ashara hums slightly, stroking the top of his hand with a mechanical thumb to hush him. All eyes are on the General, watching him now, waiting to see what he did. Even Ren had straightened, trying to catch a glimpse of what was in the box, trying to skim his partners thoughts with the Force to see what had caused the General to go so still. Slowly the General reaches into the box with both hands and brings out a tiny, mewling ball of orange fur. He sets the box down on the floor and that is when Kylo realizes that Hux is shaking. The redhead looks at the tiny creature in his hands and Ren is certain for a moment that hes stopped breathing, his back is so rigid and straight and his entire body is tense. Is is she really ours? Huxs voice is a barely a whisper, he doesnt look at anyone or anything other than the impossibly small and delicate creature he is holding. He is afraid, Kylo realizes, finally catching a clear view of Huxs thoughts. Hux was afraid that this gesture, this unexpected gift was designed to hurt or entrap. Yes, Mitaka says softly, sounding insulted that Hux would doubt him or his intentions. Ren, chewed on his tongue, taking another sip of coffee to keep himself from breaking the strange spell that had settled over the room once Hux had opened the box. The Lieutenant spoke again. Of course she is. It it has been so long- Hux cant finish and doubles over in his chair, cradling the tiny orange fur ball to his chest, his head bowed, almost touching the tops of his knees, as an ill-contained sob comes from him. No one moves as the General sobs, holding the little creature close to him with great care. Mitaka glances at Kylo, expression lost and uncertain. Clearly this was not the reaction the Lieutenant had been expecting. Ren frowns and sets his coffee mug aside. He is moving with more confidence than he feels, and goes to crouch in front of his lover, hands stroking Huxs hair as his body shakes with emotion. The tiny creature is nuzzling against the General, mewling and purring as it chews on the hem of the neck of his tank top. Hux, Ren murmurs, then lower so their guests dont hear. Feidhelm, talk to me, he rests his head against Huxs, gently trying to press his lover to communicate as Hux has done with him so much over the past few months. S-sorry, Huxs voice is a hoarse whisper. He raises his head, taking one hand away from the tiny ball of fur he is cradling to brush at his eyes. Im sorry, I just wasnt expecting he swallows heavily, and Kylo sees the effort it is taking for him to pull himself together. It caught me so off guard. Thats all, I just It's okay, Ren tells him, giving his lover a small smile. Just like you say to me, all the time, it's okay. Using my own advice against me? Thats low, Kylo, Hux mutters, but the words are without venom and Kylo brushes his thumbs over the Generals eyes, wiping away the last bits of wetness that are lingering on his lashes. Let me see her? Kylo asks, still not entirely certain what manner of beast theyve been gifted. Hux detaches the little creatures fangs and claws from his shirt and carefully holds her in his palms as he shows her to the Knight. Their gift is a tiny orange tabby kitten. It looks up at the Knight and defiantly mewls at him and Kylo is awed by it. How something can be so little? He understands now, at least part of Huxs reaction, the kitten is certainly endearing and unexpected. Can Can I hold her? Kylo asks quietly. He sees the General hesitate, feels him wanting to cradle the little beast protectively back against him again, but instead Hux nods. Of course, shes yours too Kylo. Cup your hands together, he tells the Knight and Kylo does as he is told. Carefully, be gentle with her. Hux delicately places the kitten in Kylos hands. She is instantly dwarfed by the Knights hands, and looks smaller than she is. The kitten is so impossibly soft and warm and instantly is headbutting his thumbs and rubbing her cheeks against them, purring as she looks for affection. Kylo shifts his weight so hes sitting on the floor next to Huxs chair as he holds the kitten. He stares at it as she sniffs and licks as his fingers, mewling at him in greeting. I never had a pet before, he says quietly. My parents didnt allow it, he is almost afraid to break the tiny creature that hes holding, and his own hands tremble as he pets her and scratches under her chin. She is so tiny! The kitten is fearless and is quickly bored with being in the confines of his hands. With little needle sharp claws, launches herself forward into Kylos chest, climbing up the front on his shirt until she perches on his shoulder. She then proceeds to chew on his hair, lick one of his ears with her raspy tongue several times as if cleaning him and then with a tiny butt wiggle hops from Rens shoulder back into Huxs lap. The General laughs softly and strokes her back as her body arches into his touch. She is purring so hard her entire tiny body is vibrating. Do you like her? Mitaka finally dares to ask. He had anticipated many different reactions from the two powerful men before them, had expected the worst possible reaction, quite honestly. But never had he guessed that it would move his General to tears or that Ren would react the way he did to his partners distress or that they would both practically melt as they held the kitten. Hux looks up at him and Ashara as Ren picks the kitten up again and presses her tiny nose against his large one. The kitten swats at him and he grins, holding her gently against him as Hux had done earlier. Shes perfect. I-we Thank you , Hux says, his voice heavy with emotion. He looks back at Ren who is now cooing at the kitten and teasing her with his finger. She bats at it, rolling around in his lap, yellow eyes bright with excitement. His Knight looks happier than he has in a long time. This will give Kylo something to care for, something that will help him build his patience and keep him company, and will curl up with him. She may even be able to reduce his stress level or break him out of episodes, Hux had read some literature on the matter, but never really given it much thought until now. You have no idea how much this means to me How much it will help Ren... We are glad, General, Ashara inclines her head to him. Companion creatures are good for the soul. They love us unconditionally, without choice among our faults After the turmoil that has surrounded you both, we thought you could benefit from some joy. You are both very kind, one of Huxs hands drifts to Rens hair to stroke it as the Knight continues to play with the kitten. I  apologize for my outburst. It was unbecoming of someone in my station. He looks away, focusing on the kitten that is currently nibbling on the tips of Rens fingers. Mitaka and Ashara look at each other and it is the Lieutenant who speaks next. It's nothing to apologize for, Hux. We never would have guessed that youve had cats before he allows himself to risk addressing the General in a more casual manner, as if it might ease some of the other mans embarrassment. Mitaka hesitates and then pushes forward, because he is curious, because they are friends and he cares. If it is not too forward, what happened to your previous companion creature? Mitaka asks softly. At the question Ren glances up at Hux, dark eyes curious and concerned and he places the kitten back in Huxs lap for the General to hold and he stands and retrieves his abandoned coffee mug. Then he tugs his chair over so hes right next to Hux and settles back into it, one leg tucked under the other and one hand on his partners knee as Hux pets the kitten. The General says nothing for some time and Mitaka is about to apologize for asking. He should have known better than to do so, it was clearly not something that the General was comfortable sharing, but then Hux starts to speak. When I was little, we had a cat. A calico, she was missing part of her tail, and her right ear, and she always brought us little dead presents, Hux said as he ran his fingers over the kittens back, scratching lightly right at the base of her tail. The kitten chirped and purred even louder. She slept on my bed and would attack my toes in the night, Hux almost sounds like he might laugh at the pleasant memory but he doesnt. She wasnt spayed, so one year, I think I was eight, she became pregnant. My mother had to have the talk with me then. I remember thinking it was such an amazing thing, to be able to create life like that. To be able to bring something entirely new into the world Huxs voice trembles again and everyone else in the room collectively holds their breath. When she had her kittens I was so excited. She chose my closet to give birth in. There were six of them. Each one was a different color, my mother said I could keep one, but the rest would have to go to different homes once they were old enough. So I picked one, a little orange striped kitten. I was so excited Then my father came home. It was here that Ren made a noise in the back of his throat that sounded almost like a growl. It made everyone in the room jump, Hux included and he held the tiny kitten against himself protectively. Rens throat worked a bit and then he rubbed Huxs knee, silently apologizing. Ashara was the only one who looked confused, but Mitaka leaned over and whispered a quick explanation to her. The Togrutas eyes went wide with understanding and sympathy, she had not immediately made the connection between father and son, given how little her family had interacted with the military side of the Order and Empire. She had heard rumors though. Everyone had heard whispers of how cruel Brendol Hux was and how brutally he ran the Academy. He asked me which of the kittens was my favorite, Hux s voice was barely audible and his head had dropped as he spoke, his gaze focused on the little kitten in his hands. I knew it was a trap, because my father never did anything kind, so I lied. But it didnt matter. Hux took a shaky breath, swallowing heavily. He killed the mother first. Then each kitten one by one. When he came to mine I screamed for him to stop, I tried to stop him I thought he would hit me, I wish he had, instead he made me kill it myself. Then he locked me in my room with them and went to scream at my mother. After that  I just remember crying and crying as I held the dead kittens in my arms here Huxs voice breaks again and he goes quiet, his shoulders shaking as he tries to contain his emotions and his thoughts whirl about in a flurry of self-depreciation. How stupid it was to be so upset about something as insignificant as an animal! Ones long dead at that! How uncouth of him to be weeping over a kitten! He was embarrassing himself, shaming his rank! This sort of disclosure made him look so weak, completely broke through his facade of control and made him so vulnerable! Pathetic, soft! What was someone like him doing leading the First Order? His father had been right, someone like him had no business being here, he should have died back at the Academy- Someones arms go around him, awkwardly, but not unkindly. Then Mitakas voice comes from above him. Is the Lieutenant hugging him? I knew he was awful, Mitaka says quietly. I saw him trying to kill you in the hallway after your report on Chelloa, I just never thought It never occurred to me that he was such a monster of a person. The General can do little more than gasp for breath, the kitten has crawled out of his hands and is batting at the tears that are falling from his eyes. Nothing is said for a few minutes and then Mitaka lets go, breaking the embrace and taking a few steps back, shifting his weight nervously, expecting to be reprimanded to his actions, waiting to be scolded for behaving so casually towards his superior. Thank you Dopheld, Hux says quietly. You are a good friend, to both Ren and I. Mitaka smiles faintly, relief plain on his face. What will you name her sir? he asks as he takes his seat again. Hux straightens and looks at the kitten, then at Ren. The Knight leans forward and presses his forehead against Huxs, one of his hands goes to hold Huxs tightly. Their eyes close and for a long moment they both look entirely relaxed in each others touch. Something silent passes between the two men and then Hux slowly straightens and looking back at Mitaka and Ashara. He answers, his voice stronger, confident as he holds the tiny kitten. Millicent. Her name shall be Millicent. Notes: The lullaby that Hux sings to Ren is called "Dn do Shil" ("Close Your Eyes"). Full lyrics and video of the audio can be found here CHAPTER 12-14 RELEASE DATE INFO: I am going to be take the Oracle Certification test for Java 8 in July 2016. This test, while expensive and difficult, if I pass it, is going to give me the potential to find a new and better job and in many ways change my life. As such I'm going to be dedicating a lot of time to studying over the next month so I can pass the exam. I still have many crucial things to cover in chapter 12 and want to take my time writing it so I can give these important details the attention they deserve. Therefore please expect and please understand that Ch12 will be released sometime in July 2016 after I have completed my examination. It is my hope to at that point have the remaining two chapters released by the end of the summer. I will then begin work on the sequel. It is my hope to have it mostly written and start periodically releasing chapters for it around the winter holiday as I plan on returning to school, hopefully, in the Spring of 2017 to complete my degree in Computer Science. This will mean that my work on the second part of this series will be a bit slower and the chapters I release may be more sporadic, but I hope that you all continue to stay on board with me and be patient as I take these steps in my personal life to better myself. Once more, I humbly thank all of you for your kind words, patience, our in-depth discussions about the characters, your fan arts, kudos, reads and shares. None of this would be possible without you as readers and I'm so sorry that it is taking so long to get done. You all are a blessing that I am unworthy of.  This chapter is dedicated to my beloved partner, who has been my rock and my inspiration for all these years. Who held me through my night terrors, who saved my life so many times, who had the patience of a saint and made me believe I was worth more than the frightened and damaged person that my tormentors had reduced me to. Without them I would not be able to tell this story today. If you are struggling with depression, abuse or mental illness and need help please know that these resources are available: National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1-800-273-8255 (USA, English and Spanish) Crisis Text Line: 24/7 text based intervention here I'M ALIVE suicide and crisis outreach, part of the National Hopeline Network via online chat if you can't make the words aloud: Chat here a full list of international suicide prevention hotlines can be found here and are broken down by country if you are in an abusive situation and need help in the USA there is HOTLINE or SAFE and RAINN To the best of my knowledge these organizations are also LGBTQA+ friendly as well. Do not ever forget, that you are worthy of love and kindness and good things. Each and every last one of you reading this. Be kind to yourselves and to others. I'll see you all again in July for ch12  Chapter 12 Notes: Welcome, gentle reader, to the 12th chapter of this fiction. I would like to humbly apologize for the agonizingly long wait that you have had to put up with to get to this point. It is my hope that the remainder of this fiction will never take this long to update again. Between my own emotional upheaval and my beta dealing with internet issues as well as issues in her personal life, time has simply gotten away from us. I also have been forced by Ao3 to put the last portion of this chapter up separately because I exceeded the word count. (Look for that next week!) This chapter has continue to go to some very dark places that are very personal to me and I must caution that the remainder of this fiction will be wandering into "dark fic" territory, with the very real possibility of "dead bird: don't eat". The intention of this however is to stay true to characters, true to the story and true to the very real horror that is reality, because sometimes the real monsters aren't the ones in stories but the people we meet every day. Before we proceed please be aware of the following warnings for this 150 page nightmare: -child abuse/grooming -recovery and the struggles contained therein -sexual abuse of a child -self-flagellation -self-punishment/reward -slavery -child slavery -human trafficking -corrupt politicians -kidnapping -exploration of sexual deviancy due to child abuse/grooming -masochism for all the wrong reasons and some of the right ones -frank discussion of a BDSM relationship and limit/rule setting and safe word establishment between partners -talk of self-worth, lack there of and tactics employed to combat emotional and mental damage on that level -familial heartbreak and drama -parental rejection -political speeches -non-hetero comfort sex -vague Force Ghosts -fantastical Force bullshit -long confidences -even longer con plans -sacrifice -manipulation It should be strongly noted that this fiction is NOT meant to be a depiction of how BDSM relationships typically work. While I am not active in the BDSM community, I have received some training from a dominatrix, but it is by no means a complete and perfect understanding of all the complexities that such a relationship entails. There are some extremely important aspects that resonate with me and that I have tried to stress in this fiction. Every BDSM relationship is different, your experiences may vary. Remember if you chose to explore BDSM stay SAFE, SANE and CONSENSUAL. Do NOT go blindly into such a relationship. It should also be noted that this fiction is NOT meant to indicate that anyone who enjoys aspects of BDSM is a victim of abuse nor that there is something wrong with them. However, it would be fallacious to say that the two are always mutually exclusive. I would be lying if I said that the relationship I am depicting is not flawed. From the discrepancy in experience between partners, as well as the different knowledge levels and emotional and mental maturity. These flaws, I, as an author feel, do not make either person in the relationship a 'bad person'. I find these themes to be ones common in many real world relationships. I feel it does not change the love that two people may share although it makes the relationship more difficult. Especially given the setting of our story. Caring for and loving people who have been through abuse is difficult at times. It is messy, there are relapses and it is not all sunshine and rainbows. Convenience plays little mind to our mental heath and sometimes the best one can do is sit with their loved one(s) and tell them that they love them. This matter is one that is near and dear to my heart, because I have been there and know that many of you reading this have been there as well and sometimes not all of us are lucky enough to have a support group to reach out to. I hope you all enjoy this chapter and that it brings closure on some issues, terrifies you, makes you weep in both pain and joy, takes you by surprise and leaves you in suspense. I humbly thank all of you for your readership, comments, kudos, the depth of our discussions and fan arts. For your continued encouragement and patience as I work through these very important and sensitive issues. The end is in sight, I promise. And then? We have a whole new adventure to embark on. If you would like to interact with me, you can find me on instagram under the same name "thecraftycodingfangirl". I post snippets, word counts, pictures of my cats, my face and my other projects. It is with great humility that I present to you, Chapter 12. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Hux looked down at the Knight. Kylo was curled up on the bed, Millicent settled comfortably in a tiny ball flush against his body, both of them utterly exhausted. Their meeting with Mitaka and Ashara had lasted all day and given Ren more human interaction than the larger man had experienced in months. With the unexpected added stimulus of the tiny orange kitten, Ren had completely overexerted himself. However, it would seem that he had not dissociated at all today, not even a micro-flare. If it was because of the kitten, or simply seeing the Lieutenant and his fiance, Hux wasnt sure, but Kylo had not stopped smiling since hed laid eyes on Millicent and in the end theyd all been hopelessly distracted and gotten practically nothing done that day. The second box that Mitaka had brought had contained cans of food, a few bags of treats, litter and a box for the kitten to do her business in, a few books on kitten and cat care, some grooming items and a plethora of toys that either made a crinkling noise, had feathers or tiny bells attached to them. Hux was certain that half the toys would be lost under a bed or in the ventilation system before the week was out. However much to everyones amusement, Millicent had found the box shed been brought in to be her favorite toy thus far, jumping in and out of it in a confused attack-retreat game as Kylo had chased her with his fingers, tapping them across the floor to mimic a scuttling noise. Hux had been pleased to find out from their friends that the kitten was already spayed, the last thing he needed was for her to go into heat. He was equally pleased that she still had her claws, not that he expected anything to happen to her, but it was good to know she had all her natural defenses intact. He had tried quite valiantly to steer the conversation towards the original purpose of their meeting. Millicent however had found the hologram map of the Galaxy to be even more interesting than Kylos fingers and the boxes and had taken it upon herself to wage a war against the sector of the Outer Rim that they had been trying to discuss. With the hologram flickering as the little orange kitten leapt at the different planets, Hux gave up all hope of actually making any sort of plan that day and had scooped the Millicent up mid-pounce and pressed a kiss to her head and ruffled her fur. You are a little heathen, he had told her, to which she had twisted in his grasp and mewled at him with such an upset tone that he had not been able to resist laughing. And how are we supposed to get anything done, how are we supposed to plan our grand political conquest of the Galaxy if you little Miss Millicent, keep disturbing the map? Millicent had mewed at him again and promptly headbutted his face, rubbing her cheek against his chin. Hux had sighed and set her in his lap, stroking her soothingly and she had started to knead her paws against his stomach and purr. Hux let his shoulders slump a bit, smiling faintly as his fingers moved over her fur. It was thicker than he would have expected, not extremely short, but not as long as some of the forest cats hed seen growing up. If I didnt know any better, Lieutenant, he looked up at Mitaka. I would say you planned on us getting nothing done today. Mitaka had given him a guilty grin. I have no idea what you are talking about, sir. Hux snorted as he stroked Millicent, and glanced at the Knight, who had gone quiet. Kylo was leafing through one of the cat books, entirely engrossed in it. Hux looked back at the other couple and thoroughly gave up the idea of any strategic planning happening. So, have you given any thought to my advice? Regarding the acceleration of your engagement? Ah, well it would be nice to be formally married before we left. If for no other reasons than honor and ensuring that Ashara can benefit from my station, Mitaka glanced at the Togruta. But we dont exactly have the credits for it. At least not for something nice. When I was taken hostage, Ashara elaborated, her voice quiet. My familys estates and their accounts were taken by the Resistance. Those beasts are little better than pirates pillaging, she made a noise of distaste. Im just glad they didnt decide to sell me off as a slave to one of the Hutts. Huxs throat worked for a second and he placed both hands on Millicent, burying his fingers in her fur to steady himself. The kitten looked back at him and licked at his fingers before rolling onto her back and playfully attacking his hands. Ren glanced up from the book at his lover and reached out, brushing the back of his hand against Huxs leg. Hux? The General gave himself a small shake. Hm, sorry, I was recalling something, he frowned slightly and straightened. I find it utterly ridiculous that Ren and Phasma would be able to be the only happily married couple in the First Order, his tone was crisp, almost scolding and Mitaka looked like he wanted to shrink in his chair. No. It would not do, I wont have it. Next to him, Kylo snorted softly in amusement. Dont laugh Ren, this is a very serious matter. Lady Asharas honor is at stake and Im not a cruel enough man to send Mitaka out for a campaign that will last for years with the woman he loves only to have them have to sleep in separate beds, Hux looked extremely serious as he spoke, despite that Millicent had moved and climbed her way to perch on his shoulder and was enthusiastically grooming his hair. Um, General? Mitaka asked uncertainly. I dont quite follow you? Well, it would not be as grand as a traditional ceremony, I admit that. Most of our funding is going to Starkiller right now, but, his serious expression eased into a small smile and he brought a hand up to stroke Millicent as she moved from grooming his hair to his ear. If you would accept it, I would be honored if you two would allow me to cover the expense of your marriage ceremony. The room went entirely silent, save for Millicents purring. Lieutenant, Kylos voice was low, as if he was afraid of spooking the other man. Lady Ashara, what do you think? Would you accept this offer? I-I- Mitaka stuttered and glanced at his fiance. The Togruta was wide eyed and had placed a hand over her mouth in an effort to hide her undeniable surprise. It was a long moment before either of them were able to speak. General, Ashara found her voice first. This is too much! We cant possibly  she glanced back at Mitaka for a few seconds and he gave her hand a squeeze then she looked at Hux, tears of joy in her eyes. We graciously accept! Huxs smile grew into a grin. It is the least I can do for our friends. The rest of the day had fallen into idle discussion and playing with Millicent. Kylo had found a chapter in the book about training kittens and had stolen the orange furball from Hux in order to see if he could actually get her to listen to him. Much to Rens delight the little kitten picked up on cues very well and before long it had become a game of having her go between the four of them and do different, simple commands. She grew bored with it quickly however and decided it was time for a brief nap in Kylos lap while Hux set up her food and water dish and the litter box. She was awake twenty minutes later and racing around the room, chasing the little balls filled with bells across the floor and bringing them back to Kylo to throw them for her. What made it doubly amusing was when the Knight started to manipulate the feathered toys with the Force so they floated in the air and Millicent started to jump for them. She even went as far as to send herself ricocheting off walls and peoples laps in an effort to gain more height and capture the toys. It was then that Kylo had started to laugh. He had laughed so hard he doubled over and tears started to leak from his eyes. At first, even Hux hadnt known what to make of this, but then slowly, it had become contagious. The Knight scooped the kitten up and pressed his forehead against hers before cradling her against his chest and hed looked up at Hux. His eyes were bright and clear and filled with joy . Hux didnt need to be Force-Sensitive to see how happy his lover was, for the first time in months. Without thinking of their company, Hux leaned down and pressed a gentle kiss to Kylos lips, a hand stroking his face and the Knight practically purred. Millicent used the moment as an opportunity to climb from Kylos arms up onto Huxs shoulder again, nuzzling and chirping against both of them. It was a soft cough from Ashara that brought them back to the present and Hux had actually blushed . I apologize, for my lack of consideration, he murmured, straightening and standing by Kylos side, his hand stroking along Kylos back and the Knight leaned into the touch as Millicent settled in his lap again. Dont apologize, Mitaka told them with a smile. We just dont want to be in the way if you two need some time alone. Much to Huxs surprise Kylo spoke before he could. No, youre not in the way,  he huffed slightly. We We have been alone for quite some time, it It would be nice to have your company a while longer. Please, stay for lunch? The Knights voice had been a low murmur, as if he wasnt entirely certain of his words. He glanced at Hux and the General nodded before looking at their guests. We would be honored, Ashara answered, with a small incline of her head. Now, hours later with the younger couple having left, Kylo was sleeping peacefully. Hux knew, regrettably, that he would not be able to stay away from the full force of his duties much longer. Another day at most but he was loath to leave Kylo alone with only the kitten for company and he couldnt ask Phasma to take more time away from her troopers to tend to him. He sighed and lay down on the bed, wrapping his arms around the Knight as he considered the next course of action. They really did have to nail down exactly where Ashara and Mitakas political tour would take them. But given how long this tour would be and how important it was that they tread carefully, they could not afford to be hasty or careless in their planning. Then there was the matter of their marriage ceremony. This was going to take at least another month. And he had a growing feeling of anxiety deep in his gut that told him that they might not have that much time. Hux lay awake for hours, listening to the sound of Kylos steady breathing and Millicents soft kitten snores. Sleep would not come to him, no matter how hard he tried. The feeling of time slipping through his fingers ate away at him. It wasnt until Millicent crawled out of Kylos arms and settled herself between Hux and the Knight, purring contentedly, that the General felt his anxiety ease and sleep came to him. --- Kylo. Kylo, a rnsearc , Huxs voice pulled him from sleep and Kylo groaned. Yes I know, the Generals voice was sympathetic. Mitaka and Ashara are here. Ive left notes and maps for you to look over with them. You said you had another day off, Kylo grumbled into the pillow unhappily. Millicent apparently agreed with this sentiment and mewled piteously up at Hux. Above him Hux sighed heavily. Unfortunately, my time is not always my own, you know that. Kylo rolled over and gave his lover and half-hearted glare. Hux had promised the night before that he would have one more day to spend with Ren. While logically, Ren knew that Hux could only shirk his duties for so long, it was still incredibly unfair that the General had to be called back a day early. Please dont give me that look, Kylo, Hux looked downtrodden. You know I would not leave unless it was direly important. Do me a favor and hurry up and conquer the Galaxy would you? Kylo said with a yawn. That way I can keep you all to myself. Hux smiled faintly, glad to see some of his lovers personality coming back. The antidote really had made a difference, it had helped alleviate much of the difficult pain that the Knight had been experiencing. And now? Now Hux was finally starting to see glimpses of the man he had once been. It was comforting to know that the torture of Project Force Choke had not entirely destroyed the Knights spirit. Are you an Arkanian dragon now? Planning on hoarding me away? he teased, stroking Kylos hair out of his face. Ren leaned up into the touch with a sigh. No, he said softly. I just you make me feel safe from Suddenly he was meek again, all the humor and fire extinguished in the blink of an eye. Kylo, Hux leaned down and pressed a kiss to his forehead. I will do everything in my power to keep you safe from him. From anyone who would dare harm you. His voice dropped lower. The Supreme Leader and the Resistance both be damned! I will die before I let harm come to you again. You cant always protect me, Kylos voice is soft and he glanced up at the General, slowly sitting up and pulling Millicent into his lap. You should go, your army awaits you. Kylo- Go! The Knight snapped. Hux slowly pulled away, Kylo could hear him speaking softly to Mitaka and Ashara. The Knight ignored them, drawing his knees to his chest and cradling the kitten close to him. A quiet sob came from him. He knew he shouldnt be crying, he shouldnt be upset about this. He knew that this was the way things were. It would be no different if his Master had summoned him to go on a mission: the call to duty could not be ignored. But still it stung, more than he felt it had any right to. Millicent nuzzled at him, purring and kneading her paws against his chest. Thats right, you need breakfast, dont you? Kylo looked down at the kitten. She mewled at him and bumped her forehead against his nose, chirping and purring. Somehow, knowing that this tiny creature depended on him, knowing that she was his responsibility, made some of the ache go away. It gave him a sense of purpose and a motivation to leave the bed, when all he wanted to do was curl back up under the sheets and wallow in abject self-pity over the fact that his lover could not stay by his side. Good girl, he told Millicent. Hux was depending on him to look after Millicent, he was counting on him to help Mitaka and Ashara with planning their tour. Hux needed him, trusted him to tend to these things. Simple though they were, they added to the sense of responsibility and gave the Knight a small bit of pride. He had work to do, things he could accomplish, and that made him happy, gave him a distraction. He scooped Millicent up and rolled out of bed, his bare feet padding on the cool floor of the room. Mitaka and Ashara glanced up at him from where they were sitting by Huxs desk. Kylo was glad that he had gone to bed in a shirt and sleep pants, Huxs quarters were rather small and outdated, leaving little room for privacy when entertaining guests. The old Empire had apparently not taken such an idea into consideration when they had designed their ships. I need to feed her, Kylo murmured by way of explanation. Otherwise she might devour all three of us. He deadpanned and offered them a wry, if uncertain, grin. Mitaka smiled back at him. He liked that Mitaka did that, the younger Lieutenant for all his nervousness, truly did his best and was very kind. Kylo felt a little flood of warmth go through him, that is why he is your friend , he reminded himself. Mitaka had a good heart and Ashara was a smart match for him. Take your time, Mitaka gestured to the insulated pot of coffee sitting on Huxs desk. Weve got plenty of coffee and hundreds of maps to look at over breakfast. Yes, it would be most tragic if the vicious kitten were to devour all three of us, Ashara laughed softly. Please, Lord Ren, see to it that your most dangerous companion animal is tended to, least I find myself in her belly before I am wed. Kylo couldnt help it, the grin on his face grew at those words. It was all in jest, but he liked that, he found. The easiness of how it flowed between them. How they didnt make him feel anxious or defensive like other beings did. When they did leave, he would truly miss them. He set Millicent down by her food bowl and opened a can of wet food for her. She started chirping and pawing at his pants leg with renewed urgency. I know little one, you are just wasting away from hunger. Worry not, he scooped the food into the bowl, put fresh water from the bathroom tap in the other and left her to eat while he returned his attention to his friends and his own breakfast. --- Eating with Mitaka and Ashara had actually been easier than he had guessed it might be. For a long tense moment he had been afraid his throat would close up, that anxiety and fear would take hold of him and he would not be able to eat. That didnt happen however. Mitaka and Ashara chattered idly and Kylo found himself remarkably at ease and managed to eat three pieces of toast and some fruit. It was once they started on the third cup of coffee that talk had turned to the numerous physical and holo maps that were on Huxs desk. Things became more serious then, even as Millicent climbed into Kylos lap to clean herself and take a mid morning nap. Start in the Mid Rim and Expansion Region, the Expansion Region more I would say. They have been neglected by the Republic and used only for their resources, the people will be hungry for someone who will sympathize with them and offer them a solution to their plight. The Outer Rim has too many unpredictable elements, between the Hutts, smugglers and worse. You dont want a place like Tatooine, or places too close to wild space. You want planets that are just civilized enough that they will appreciate what the Order is doing. I suspect youll spend a good two if not three years in the in these regions before you have the pull to move into the Core, he studied the maps of the various regions before them. Not that I doubt your abilities Lady Ashara. No insult is taken, Lord Ren. I admit it is a formidable challenge, one that I look forward to approaching head on, the Togruta hummed and grinned slightly, looking back at the map. If I have my way, then the capsheaf of my tour will be when I stand before the New Republics Senate and confront them with their lies. If anyone can do it, it would be you, Mitaka told her with a small smile that was all adoration. Ashara laughed softly. Of course, I would be remiss if I did not have you by my side, dearest Dopheld, she leaned over and placed a gentle kiss on his cheek and the Lieutenant blushed furiously. Ashara smiled, resting her forehead against his for a moment, humming quietly. I must admit that is a very clever little trick you do, Kylo said as he sipped at his own coffee, watching their displays of affection with interest. It was easier for them, they didnt have to maintain an image of callousness. There was no need to fear being usurped because they showed affection. Ren was a little envious of that, that he and Hux could not have that freedom and had to hide behind their various masks. That even in private, in the company of people they considered friends, it was best not to show too much fondness towards each other. What was peaking his interest now however, what that interesting little trick the Togruta was doing. Hed noticed it previously, but had not been able to really give it any thought. But he had to admit that it was extremely ingenious. I dont know what you are speaking of Lord Ren, Ashara hummed again, straightening to look at some of the maps. This time Ren couldnt help but laugh. Youre consciously manipulating your echolocation, Ren tilted his head, studying the younger being. Normally it would have no effect on anyone else, but when you hum as you do, your focus shifts. You are able to amplify those sound waves so they have a subconscious effect on those around you. You can frighten people or soothe them, depending on your pitch, its really a fascinating talent. Ive never met a Togruta who was able to do so. Asharas eyes went wide and she glanced away, shifting slightly in her chair. Ren continued, careful to keep his voice soft, he didnt want it to sound like he was accusing her of something, hed already apparently made her uncomfortable, and that hadnt been his intention at all! I refuse to believe that someone with your level of composure is having it simply happen by accident, it takes a great deal of focus to do what you are doing. Your concentration is amazing, to be able to orate as you do and then utilize your natural talents on an entirely different level is nothing short of amazing, he frowned for a moment, considering something as the Togruta girl remained silent. This was not going at all how he had planned, but a curious thought came to him then. Lady Ashara, did your family ever have any record of Force-Sensitivity? What? she glanced up at him, her face paling slightly and for the first time since hed met her, Kylo found that hed shaken the woman to her core. Her fear was thick and heavy in the air and that confused the Knight. Why was she afraid? Her voice was a low, strained whisper as if speaking of such matters was taboo or might summon some sort of mythical boogeyman. Force-Sensitivity? Lord Ren, you mistake me for something I am not. I assure you, there is no Force-Sensitivity in my bloodline. Ashara, Mitaka put a hand on her shoulder to comfort her. He looked at Kylo, who had no idea what to do now. The Knights brows furrowed and suddenly he felt a flood of panic because now the Togruta looked like she was on the verge of tears. I apologize for my lack of grace. Might I ask that we please not continue along this vein of discussion? she whispered softly, both her hands clenched tightly in her lap. Her fear was so potent that Ren could almost taste it and guilt flooded him, he did not want her to be afraid! She was his friend! My Lady, Kylo moved, setting Millicent on Huxs desk, despite her sleepy protests. He wasnt really sure what to do, but desperately did not want her to be in fear. So he knelt down on one knee in front of where she sat, trying to appear smaller than he was and hopefully less intimidating. Gently he placed his larger hands over both her crippled one and her mechanical one. Please do not apologize, if anyone should be seeking forgiveness it is me. I did not realize that my inquiry would cause you such discomfort. That was never my intention, I swear it. I am so sorry to have distressed you. Ashara shivered once and then glanced at him, pulling her mechanical hand from his so she could hold onto Mitakas. Quietly she sighed. Ematt asked the same question of me after my initial capture. When I denied it he put me through a series of tests to ensure that I wasnt lying to him. Only once he was satisfied that I wasnt Force Sensitive did he decide to use me as a bargaining chip. If I had been so unlucky, I might have met a fate worse than your own Lord Ren, her voice trembled slightly, but she straightened as she spoke. Mitaka closed his eyes and Kylo could feel a slow burning rage in the smaller man, unlike something Kylo had ever sensed from him. There was no surprise, however, it would seem that she had told Mitaka already Im going to kill that bastard if it is the last thing I do, the Lieutenant whispered, shaking slightly with the power of the rage contained within him. Ren had to silently be impressed, he had never seen Mitaka angry before. Afraid yes, countless times, but anger was new. Anger was different and the smaller mans fury burned white hot, not unlike Huxs. It fascinated Kylo, whose own rage was frigid and raw. What he has done, what the Resistance, the Republic allowed him to do to both of you is unforgivable, Mitaka said quietly, turning his seat and taking both Asharas hands in his own now. She looked at him, their dark eyes meeting and Kylo heard the small Lieutenant speak with more vim than he knew the other man possessed. Which is why it is so important that our campaign succeed, that people know the truth. The Republic is corrupt, dangerous and the fear of the masses will only serve to fuel their corruption. You will make those who have been manipulated see the reality of it, of how they have been lied to and played for fools. Tricked into thinking that a sea of wealthy and removed politicians knows what is best for them. But youll make them see otherwise, make them see sense, I know you will. Kylo sat back on the floor, tucking the knee hed been resting his weight on underneath him slightly as he watched the younger couple interact. Millicent jumped down from the desk to take her place in his lap again. Ashara smiled and leaned forward, brushing her cheek against Mitakas. I am so lucky that the Maker saw it fitting for us to be paired together by the matchmaker. Dearest Dopheld, my cunning and brave lieutenant, she smiled again, kissing Mitakas cheek as she pulled away from him. If we are to succeed then we have work to do and a course to chart. We must not lose our focus in our anger at what has been done, rather let us use it to spur ourselves forward. She looked back at Kylo and laughed softly. I see Millicent has reclaimed her spot, I dont dare ask you to move, it would be a crime to disturb her as comfortable as she looks. The Togruta gathered the maps off Huxs desk and settled herself on the floor with Ren, Mitaka followed suit. Kylo glanced at them, uncertain if the discomfort that had been caused was truly gone or not. Millicent yawned in his lap and then looked up at him and started to knead at his stomach. Something about that small, affectionate gesture from the feline was soothing and Rens shoulders slumped slightly as he relaxed. Kylo, Mitaka said, opening one of the holo maps. I believe you were recommending starting in the Expansion Regions? Ive never been there, can you tell us a bit more about it? Slowly the Knight nodded, reaching out with a hand and tapping one of the sectors within the region to enlarge it. Plagen within the Pax sector may be a good place to start. They were on the side of the Separatists during the Clone Wars and are a stop along two major trade routes, you will reach a great deal of ears that way. They will spread your message for you once they hear it. --- It took a week. But between the three of them, they were able to chart a course for Asharas campaign. The idea was to target those who had been Separatist and Empire supporters, as well as a few choice planets along trade routes. Word by mouth could travel quickly if many heard it. Even Hux had to admit, when he had finally looked the course over, that there was merit to that logic. It had been no easy task though. The first day had passed without incident and Kylo himself had dared to feel the hope that he was starting to really, properly recover from being Ematts lab rat. It felt good to talk with Mitaka and Ashara, to interact with them, almost casually. They were both soft spoken, unlike Phasma and Hux, who, while they had their moments of tenderness, were more abrasive and direct in their mannerisms. The Lieutenant and his fiance however didnt raise their voices, didnt snap or snarl, they made Ren feel at ease in a way he wasnt sure hed felt before. It wasnt a feeling of protection or comradery like he got from the General and Captain, but a strange sort of peacefulness. And within that peacefulness, he found acceptance, and an almost childlike hope . But then, shortly after Hux had left on the second day, his mind had slipped. He had been speaking to Mitaka about something when everything had blanked. It was unlike a full episode and not quite a micro-flare either. He had just suddenly stopped talking mid-sentence and his head had snapped to the side, as if listening for a sudden noise. But there had been nothing to hear, nothing to feel or smell. No distinct memory to haunt him, his body and mind had simply zoned out. Ren had come back to reality with a gasp, blinking rapidly and trembling as Mitaka shook him slightly. Mitakas face had gone white and he had made Ren sit down, small hands resting on his arms, as if he thought the Knight might drift away. What happened? Was it something I said? The Lieutenant was clearly afraid that hed somehow triggered the strange episode. No, no you didnt, Kylo shook his head. I I dont know. This is different there was nothing, he frowned, annoyed at himself. Frustrated that there was nothing he could point to as a cause. He huffed and gave himself a shake, it would pass. It was just a mental hiccup, he would not let it spook him. Today would be normal ! A few hours later though, as hed stood up to go fill his glass with water from the bathroom, Kylo had collapsed entirely. Hed dropped like hed been shot, the glass hed had in his hands shattering on the floor when he fell and both Mitaka and Ashara had run to him. He had laid trembling on the ground eyes squeezed shut and his hands clutching at his chest as if he meant to tear himself open as he frantically whispered no over and over again. It had been Millicent who had pulled him out of the fit when Mitaka and Ashara had been Force pushed backwards by the Knight. The kitten had padded up to him, sitting in front of the Knight as if analyzing him with unblinking eyes. Then she had butted her furry little head against his, and proceeded to purr and rub her face against his cheeks and forehead until Kylo had gasped a drowning man sucking in air and his eyes had snapped open. M-Millicent? The kitten had mewled at him, pawing lightly at his face. Slowly Kylo had sat up, gathering the kitten in his arms and holding her against his chest and she started to knead her paws against him, purring. The Knight was still for a long time, simply holding the tiny creature against him, focusing on the feeling of her fur, her body vibrating from how hard she was purring. Kylo? Mitakas voice made him look up. Are, are you okay? The Lieutenants expression was one of concern and a small amount of fear. Kylo felt his throat tighten. What did I do? Did I harm you? he asked, dreading the answer. Were fine, you just pushed us back, the smaller man reassured him. Mitaka bit his lip, Can we help? What can we do? Kylo shook his head. There wasnt anything to be done, even Hux struggled to reach him when he had exceptionally bad episodes. The Knight was just glad hed not struck either of them. What about Millicent? Ashara asked, moving to carefully gather up the shards of the broken glass. It seems like she was able to break you out of it. The Knight regarded the tiny kitten. Had she? Had she actually shaken him out of the waking nightmare? Did she? Ashara nodded. I wonder, if she is able to reach you because she is an anomaly that is not part of what happened to you? She is so different from your experiences, that it shocks you out of it, she tilted her head. I am not a psych tech, but perhaps this is a clue. Ren had been loath to tell Hux about the strange episodes that day. However when hed had a screaming nightmare later that night the matter had become unavoidable. It burned to feel so helpless, so weak and unable to have control over his own mind. He was a Force User! He had fought and killed his way to become the Master of the Knights of Ren! To be brought to his knees by his own mind was not only humiliating but enraging. He wished he could just take a knife and cut the offending memories out of his mind so they didnt cripple him anymore. It happened again on the third day. Twice. It left him furious with himself to the point he could not concentrate on anything and had ended up pacing the room like a pent up animal. Nothing Mitaka or Ashara said was able to soothe him. One the fourth day he awoke before Hux did and tried meditating, desperate for a solution. For something, anything that would give him relief from the maddening terror that kept trying to gain a foothold in his mind. He tried to gather the Force around him and shield himself within its icy embrace. Desperately he tried to compartmentalize his terrible, flaring memories, to freeze them so they could not move within his mind. He had partially succeeded only to have his mind turn on him. Hux had awoken to find him huddled in a corner of the bedroom, a shaking, sobbing mess. It had taken both the General and Millicent to soothe him. Hux had left late that morning, and Kylo had been glad for it. Selfish and undeserving as he was, he had buried his head against the Generals chest and clung to him. I hate being so weak, Kylo had whispered. I hate it!  A rnsearc , Hux had murmured to him. You are not weak, these things take time. You cannot rush them. Time will run out, Kylo had whispered. It always does. Theres never enough  Hux had not been able to counter that, and instead pressed gentle kisses to his face, holding him tightly and rubbing his back. How can you stand me like this? I can barely tolerate myself, the Knight had whimpered as Millicent had climbed into Huxs lap, wedging herself into the tiny space between the two men. Im so pathetic, such a burden to you and our friends. Why cant I just get better? Kylo- I hate it! I hate these nightmares! I had making everyone feel like they need to handle me with special gloves! I hate it! I know you do Kylo, Hux told him quietly. I know youre frustrated. Its okay. It will get better, youll see. The Knight was quiet for a time, then in a frightened whisper he asked. But what if it doesnt? It will . You are stronger than you know. Ive seen you overcome impossible things. You will overcome this too and you will grow stronger. Youll conquer this. And Kylo? The Knight craned his head to look up at his lover. Once you have you will be able to strike down the Supreme Leader. He will fall and you will fulfill that destiny that your grandfather could not. You will surpass your Master, there is fire in Huxs green eyes as he speaks. Do you truly believe that? Kylo whispered. He wants to believe Hux, he wants to believe once again that he can finish what his grandfather had started. But now now he is not so certain. It is not a matter of belief, I know you will. You will crush him under your heel and we shall stand side-by-side and mold the Galaxy into a better place, Hux doesnt falter, doesnt even blink. Kylo feels his energy, it is contagious, intoxicating even and he lets it roll over him, pulling strength from it. It makes a fire burn in his belly and makes him hunger in a way that hes not felt in a long time and Kylo leans up, pulling the General into a passionate kiss. Yes. Hux believes in him. Hux will be by his side. Hux loves him, despite the complete and utter mess that Kylo is right now. That hes been for months . I love you, the Knight murmurs breathlessly. I love you so much, Feidhelm. And I you, my Knight, Hux promises him, his arms tightening their hold around Kylo. That morning Hux indulges Ren and feeds him fruit from his hand as Kylos head rests in his lap while Millicent sits on the Knights chest. Things dont feel as hopeless for that small space of time. Ren feels calmer than he has in days. On the fifth day Kylo has no nightmares and only three micro-flares. No one gets Force thrown and they make incredible progress on plotting Asharas course. That night he meditates again, once Hux has come back. It isnt easy, facing each memory in turn, examining it and then burying it back in the dark recesses of his mind. When hed explained to Hux what he was doing the General looked worried. To a degree the General was right to do so, Kylo still cannot confront them all. Not at once, there is simply too much. It will overwhelm him. But this time he is able to pull himself out of his meditation and crawl into Huxs arms before he loses himself entirely. The General just holds him and tells him that he mustnt push himself too hard. That he is progressing so well and that he just needs to be patient with himself. But most importantly, Hux tells him that he believes in him, that he knows Kylo is strong. On the sixth day Kylo finds himself irritable and anxious. He restlessly paces the room all day as he works with Ashara and Mitaka. I feel like Im in a cage, he snarls, his hands opening and closing into fists. I cannot stand this. He longs for his lightsaber, to train with it. But that was lost when the Resistance took him prisoner, just like his mask. He aches for movement. To run a simulation. To spar. To do something, anything other than sit around all day. His weight has cycled dramatically from too thin to a softness that he cannot ever remember having and it disgusts him. His muscle mass has decreased and with it his strength. He cannot stand the sight of himself in the mirror. He itches to be in motion, in action. The idleness is starting to eat away at him. That night he has a nightmare that leaves him sweating and shaking. When he finally wakes from it he is unable to fall back asleep. Hux patiently stays up with him, rubbing his back and feet with one of the bottle of oil from the the set that was given as a wedding present. Feidhelm, Im going mad, Kylo whispers in fear. I cannot stand another day like this. I feel trapped, like the walls themselves will close in on me. But  He doesnt dare try to return to his rounds on the ship, even Ren isnt foolish enough to think he is stable enough for that. You are not mad, not any madder than I am, I assure you, Hux promises him. The General has a considerate look on his face. You are bored , Kylo. Not broken, not crazy. Do not worry. Despite his worst fears however, the next day passes without incident. It, in fact, is one of the best days Kylo can remember having in the past four months. Conversation between himself, Ashara and Mitaka flows easily, he has no dissociations, no micro-flares, he even manages to eat properly for both breakfast and lunch. Despite the seriousness of the task they are tending to, Kylo finds himself smiling. They finish plotting the course in the early evening. Hux wont be back for a few hours still and Ashara and Mitaka have both gone over the entire thing, adding additional notes here and there. The file for this mission has gotten quite big, and while it looks disorganized, there is a certain sanity in the chaos. Ashara is humming with excitement, she is one step closer to starting this journey and the Knight can her desire to move forward. It pulls at her like the current of a river, so strong that it reminds him of the rapids he and Hux nearly drowned in on Nilash. Yet she remains, ever the picture of composure and the Knight sometimes has to question if this is indeed the same woman they rescued all those months ago. He does not press her for details on her own recovery, however. After all, for all the time he was regressing and struggling to function, he can only guess that she and Mitaka had faced their own hardships. You said there were simulation rooms on this ship, didnt you Dopheld? Ashara asks and they are putting away the maps and putting the finishing formal touches on the proposal for Hux to look over and approve. There are, ten of them, but we only ever use a few, Mitaka tells her. Why? Oh I was just thinking it would be nice not to be locked up in this room for the rest of the shift, there is a glitter in her black eyes. Mitaka chuckles. It isnt exactly a path for walking, like the parks around your parents estate, he tells her, and Ren notices that he too, has a look of mischief in his eyes. It makes him uneasy in a way that he is not used to. Granted he could use the Force and find out their intentions, but he wanted to maintain the careful bond of friendship that had been so painstakingly crafted between them. Breaking into their minds without permission would be seen as a sign of mistrust, and to ask for permission would just be a very awkward conversation that he didnt want to have to explain. So now he found himself focusing intently on petting Millicent as she lay in his lap, purring. Oh, I wasnt thinking of that, Ashara smiles slightly. I had something more rigorous in mind. Something more stimulating. She looks at Kylo then and the Knight feels like she has somehow pinned him to the spot with only her eyes. Would you care to join us Lord Ren? The Knight is not sure what to make of this offer. It actually makes him a little anxious, given exactly how she is speaking. Kylo settles for giving her a suspicious look, one that Millicent mirrors as the orange kitten looks at the Togruta. I am not sure I follow your implications, he says softly, glancing away from her curious gaze. It is then that both Mitaka and Ashara burst out laughing and Ren feels his face turn red and he focuses entirely on the kitten in his lap, his shoulders hunching forward slightly. Okay, he simply must come with us now, Ashara manages between bouts of laughter. She stands then and Mitaka follows suit, stopping next to Ren and offering him his hand. Kylo stares at the hand and then glances up at the Lieutenant, brow furrowing with confusion and uncertainty. Come with us, Mitaka offers softly. Its okay, he adds, realizing Kylos discomfort and hesitance. Kylo hesitates, the anxiety turning his stomach into knots. No one ever invited him anywhere, save for Hux. The other children hed trained with under his uncle had excluded him, only paying attention to him to be cruel to him and the Knights of Ren had been nearly as awful as Snoke himself. There was no love between him and other Knights, they were simply waiting for him to slip up, for there to be blood in the water so another fight for the position of Master of the Knights might break out. Kylo is confused and has no idea what to do, nor any idea why these two would invite him anywhere . He takes a nervous breath and slowly lets it out. I I dont understand, he admits quietly, looking away. What why would you want me to come with you? He expects Mitaka to laugh at him and is bracing for it. Instead the Lieutenants hand moves to gently touch his shoulder. Because youre our friend, Kylo. We want you to come and play with us, the smaller man explains. Ren tenses slightly at the wording and gives Mitaka a suspicious look. Play? He does not trust this word. Yes, surely you did that as a child, didnt you? Mitaka tilts his head to the side. You had friends, played games, he tries to ease some of Rens discomfort. But Kylo gives him a blank look and shakes his head. I Did not interact much with other children growing up, he says quietly. I was of darkness, an outcast, even among Force Users. It was his mouth twists slightly, and he feels bitterness well up in him. The loneliness that hed felt as a child makes him feel hollow now as a man. It serves as a shockingly painful reminder that there is something inherently wrong with him. With what he is. It was safer to keep my distance from them. Nothing good ever came from being around the others. Silence follows his explanation and Kylos shoulders hunch forward even more. He wants to disappear, to hide. Leave me here, I wouldnt know what to do anyway. I would ruin it, he pulls away slightly from Mitaka, twisting in his chair so he can turn away from them. He waits for them to leave, to go have their fun. It is a world he doesnt belong in, that he will never be welcome in, no matter how much he wants to. Youre our friend, Mitaka tells him firmly. If we didnt want you to come, we wouldnt have invited you. So- So come with us! the Lieutenants nerve seems to waver at the last moment, hes never spoke to Ren like this before, and after a beat he adds. Please? Who will watch Millicent? She is a feline, not an intensive care infant, Ashara tells him, walking over to the two men. She will manage to entertain herself for a few hours. She offers the Knight a kind smile and hums. Even with knowing her trick, Ren feels his unease leaving him and Mitaka offers him his hand again. Trust us? the smaller man asks. In those few words, the unspoken promise that nothing bad would happen, that there was no harm in this. No ill intent lurking beneath the surface. Slowly Kylo picks Millicent up and lifts her off his lap, setting her on the floor and he takes Mitakas hand, letting the other man pull him to his feet. Ashara moves to take his other hand, much to his surprise, she is smiling and humming excitedly. Come, lets play! --- Whatever Kylo had thought he had expected, this was certainly not it. Mitaka had pulled up a simulation that the Knight was unfamiliar with. There were three pairs of posts in different sections of the room, they looked almost like they might be gateways, but he was certain that they werent. Now Mitaka and his fiance had found a black and white spotted ball, about the size of a human head and were kicking it back and forth between themselves. Kylo watched them, confused. Dopheld, can you still do that trick? Ashara asked the Lieutenant as she lifted her skirt up slightly to kick the ball back to him. I think I can. Its been years, so give me a moment, Mitaka used the inside of his foot to catch the ball and slowly started to kick it between his feet. As he moved the ball he slipped the toes of his boot under it and popped his leg upwards in a quick motion, making the ball leave the ground. He caught it then on the top of his other foot, keeping his foot angled upwards and started to juggle the ball between his feet in that manner. Another quick jerk of his leg upwards and the ball went higher. This time he caught it on the top of his knee and started to hop slightly, bringing his other knee up and catching the ball. It looked a bit like he was doing a ridiculously high kneed march in place. The ball went higher and higher in the air as he moved it and then he suddenly ducked under it and the ball came down on his face. Ren winced but Mitaka did not seem particularly upset about this. Rather, it seemed like he had expected it, or even done it on purpose as he was now perfectly balancing the ball between his forehead and nose. Ashara claps, grinning with delight and Mitaka gives his head a jerk and the ball falls back to the ground where he catches it on the top of his foot. Im always so envious that you can do that and I cant, the Togruta runs a hand over her montrals with a sigh. You know how many bloody noses it took to get this right, Mitaka scoffs and kicks the ball back to her. She lifts her skirt again and with dainty motions, moves the ball between her soft slipper clad feet. Are you going to join us, Kylo? Ashara asks, not taking her eyes off the ball as she dances around it, keeping it constantly moving as she does. If I had half a notion of what exactly you were doing, the Knight grumbles. What is the point of this? Surely youve at least heard of Limmie? Mitaka asks him. Ren shakes his head. Maybe by its other name? Bolo-ball? Ashara offers. Again, a confused head shake. The couple stare at each other and Mitaka launches into an explanation of the sport. Typically its played on teams, but you can play one-on-one. The idea is to move the ball, without using your hands or arms into the other persons goal, he motioned to the pairs of posts around the room. You can use your feet, legs, chest and head to move the ball around. And depending on which planet youre on, tackling is allowed. Which planet? Yes, most planets have their own teams and sub leagues and there used to be a Galaxy wide tournament! Mitaka explained excitedly. The top twenty teams would compete in heats to see who will be the final winner. But its been years since they held it. It would be nice to see it brought back  Mitaka sighed but then brightened. If you understand the rules, we can start playing. I think I grasp it, just no hands or arms I take it using the Force, Kylo motioned with a hand and the ball escaped Asharas feet to float over their heads. Would be frowned upon? Mitaka snorted. It would defeat the entire purpose of the game. Very well then. Which goal is mine? The leftmost one. You dont have to look so serious you know. Its a game, just have fun, okay? Ren nodded, frowning slightly as he let the ball fall back to the ground. Oh, one other thing, Mitaka said as they moved towards the ball. What? Ashara tackles with the force of an out of control speeder, so dont go easy on her. Beneath that calm politician's exterior, shes quite a fierce competitor, the Lieutenant grinned at him for only a fraction of a second and then the mad rush for possession of the ball began. --- It was really quite stupid, squabbling over a ball for no purpose other than to mindlessly kick it about. Mitaka and Ashara didnt even bother to keep score and certainly didnt go easy on him, but Ren if anything was a fast learner. He was panting heavily and sweating inside of twenty minutes, a testament to how out of shape he had gotten during his recovery. Mitaka was little better, but Ashara seemed to not be bothered by such things as sweating and breathlessness. No, she moved with almost ethereal grace, outmaneuvering them both, even as she had to hold her long skirt up to keep it from getting tangled up in her feet and the ball. Dont tell me youre both already whipped! she called at them, her formal speech pattern dropping a little in her excitement. Surely a little wisp of a thing like myself hasnt bested both the great Master of the Knights of Ren and First Lieutenant Mitaka! she teased them with a grin. Come on, take the ball from me if you can! she dared them, dancing backwards with the ball moving between her feet. That had spurred both the humans to lunge at her and ended up with Mitaka tackling her in his effort to get the ball and Ren stealing it from both of them with a sharp HA! until he realized that he rapidly needed to put distance between himself and his competitors. He had barely stood a chance as they both tackled him and Mitaka had ended up kicking the ball away. Soon breathlessness was forgotten. The stitch in his side dulled, as did the burn of the muscles in his legs and Kylo found himself entirely wrapped up in the game. Although he was loath to tackle Ashara, she had no qualms about barreling into him, Mitaka on the other hand was not so lucky and more than once the two men collided, fighting for control of the ball. It was when Ashara had moved to tackle him for the fifth time that night, he caught her around her waist and lifted her up in his arms and slung her over his shoulder. To his dismay, the motion took more effort than it should have but he didnt drop her and she was squealing with laughter. No holding! Kylo, put me down! she slapped playfully at the small of his back. He did so and as soon as he did Mitaka ran up behind her, grabbed her by the waist, hugging her against his chest and spun her around so her feet lifted off the ground. The Togruta was laughing so hard that she couldnt breathe and tears were coming out of her eyes. Dopheld! She exclaimed. Ive been betrayed! she shrieked in mock offense as Kylo kicked the ball into her goal. Mitaka slowed his spinning and carefully set her down, pressing a kiss against the back of her neck. The Togruta spun around, shaking a robotic finger at him and with a grin darted after Kylo before he could get control of the ball again. --- His clothes were soaked in sweat and his face was bright red from exertion when they returned to Huxs quarters. The time had escaped them and it had gone from early evening to almost midnight and Kylo could not remember having laughed more in his entire life. It wasnt half bad, he decided, having friends to play with. To have fun with. A childish thought for a man full grown, he realized, but at the same time, he treasured it. Hux looked up from the file he was going over at his desk as they came into the room. There was the faintest of smiles on his lips as his eyes met Rens. It was that alone that kept Kylo from thinking he was in some sort of trouble and completely panicking. Lady Ashara, your proposal looks good, Hux said to Ashara. Ill give it some more official attention tomorrow and would like to discuss a few points with you then, if that works well for you? Of course, General, Ashara nodded. I would be delighted to have your feedback on it, especially if you feel there are ways it can be improved. I will see you tomorrow then. Thank you, he gave both Togruta and Lieutenant a meaningful look. Both of you. Good night, sir, Mitaka said with a small nod as he and his fiance took their leave. Kylo glanced at Hux, biting his lip a bit. You look like you enjoyed yourself, Hux allowed himself to smile properly at the Knight. Did Kylo tilted his head. You planned this didnt you? I planned nothing, you give me far too much credit, Hux closed the file and stood, moving towards Kylo. I merely suggested to our friends that they get you out of this room for a little bit. The details of it I left up to them. He reached up and cupped one of the Knights cheeks in his hand. Ren sighed, leaning into the gesture and then turned his face and placed a kiss on Huxs gloved hand. Thank you, for letting me- Kylo, Hux placed a finger over his lips. Listen to me, a rnsearc , I do not let you do anything because I do not control you. I am not your Master, his voice is remarkably quiet. I dont own you Kylo. One day I hope youll understand that. He leans up then, moving his hand to cup Rens face again and place a gentle kiss on his lips. These actions, while kind, worry the Knight. There is something heavier lingering behind the words and as the kiss breaks Kylo presses his forehead against Huxs. Whats wrong? he asks quietly. Hux shakes his head. Its nothing, he smiles at Ren, but the expression feels flat and empty. Feidhelm, Ren presses. I was just worried, Hux says quietly. I didnt expect that you would be gone as long as you were. So when you werent back by 2300 hours, I worried. I wasnt sure if you were alright, if something had happened, Hux sighs and then speaks quickly, as if he wants the conversation over with as fast as possible. But youre fine and nothing happened, so I worried for nothing, which is the best possible outcome. Do you not trust me? Kylo looks away. What? No its not that- You think Im unstable, that Im dangerous, the Knight quietly accuses. No! No Kylo- II just wanted you safe! Hux protests, both his hands moving to hold Rens face and turn it back towards him. Kylo, please, thats all it was. Look into my mind if you dont believe me! Ren stares at him and then reaches out, his fingers touching the Generals temple and Hux gasps as the Knight is suddenly in the thick of his mind, leafing through his thoughts. Ren sees Hux returning to the empty room and waiting them to return. Sees Hux pacing anxiously, almost leaving to go look for them as the hour grows later. But he stops himself, tells himself to trust Mitaka and Ashara, tells himself to trust Ren. But still he worries. He worries that Ren is hurt and collapsed in a hallway. That some of those who hold grudges against the Knight have found him. That Rens mind has turned on him and he is alone and afraid and Hux has no idea and cannot help him. He stares at the proposition on his desk for hours, not reading a single word, but mindlessly running over every possible scenario and just hoping hes wrong. Even Millicent doesnt bring him much comfort, the kitten too seems to know Ren is late on his return and she sits at the door expectantly and paces until settling herself in Huxs lap for a bit. Ren pulls his hand away from the Generals temple. Hux tilts his head at his, green eyes unusually bright. Im sorry I doubted you, Kylo whispers, feeling ashamed at his earlier accusations. Its okay, this is a delicate situation, Huxs shoulders droop a little and he looks away for a moment before looking back at Kylo, offering him a half smile. Did you at least have fun? I did. It was nice. I never had friends growing up. I know, thats part of the reason I wanted Mitaka and Ashara to be the ones who took you. Silence falls between them and Huxs fingers start to go through Rens sweat damp hair and the Knight lets his forehead fall to rest of the Generals shoulders. Hux? Yes Kylo? Thank you. What for? Not giving up on me. I never will a rnsearc . I love you. Im glad. Someone has to because his voice wavers. Because I cant - the Knights voice breaks and a small sob comes from him. I dont deserve friends, I ruin everything! I cant I cant accept this kindness, I dont deserve it.. Shh, Hux soothes him, uncertain as to where this sudden self-deprecation is coming from. You deserve all of the kindness in the Galaxy and more my Knight. You do deserve good things. Hux Im afraid. Dont be, Im right here. You wont push me away, you wont push them away. I promise. It is quiet except for the sounds of Rens sniffles. Lets get the sweat washed off you, youll feel better then, Hux tells him, and steps away, his hands going to hold Rens and lead him to the bathroom. The Knight follows him willingly and lets the General peel his sweat soaked clothes off him. Hux guides him into the shower, and scrubs his skin clean, placing kisses all over his body. With each kiss and touch Ren feels his body unwind. The feeling of unworthiness does not leave him though, the knowledge that he doesnt deserve even a fraction of this affection weighs heavy on him and suddenly hes exhausted, almost falling asleep as Hux quickly scrubs his own body and they step out of the shower. The General leads him to the bed and curls Ren to his chest, holding him. Kylo lets sleep take hold of him and pull him down into cool darkness, he forgets his guilt, his unworthiness for a time and selfishly, greedily, takes all the comfort that Hux will give him. Hux? he whispers, nearly asleep. Yes, Kylo? Love you. The Generals reply is to press a kiss to his forehead, his lips moving against Kylos damp skin as he whispers to him: And I love you. More than anything in the Galaxy Ren, and I would never trade it for anything. --- How would you feel about running a proper simulation today? Mitaka asked him as they stepped into the room. Ashara is having her meeting with the General, leaving the Knight and Lieutenant to their own devices, so long as they maintained a low profile. After realizing just how much of his strength he had lost during the course of his recovery, Kylo had realized that it wasnt just a matter of his mind being stable enough to return to his duties. Part of him was grateful that Hux had the foresight to take this into account, to realize how the inactivity would affect the Knights body and how he would need to not only rehabilitate his mind, but his strength as well. Much of what made the Knight so intimidating was his physical presence coupled with the aura of Force energy that swirled about him like a storm. For one or the other to be missing would risk revealing vulnerability and Ren ached to be able to restore himself. He hated this feeling of physical weakness, it was almost more embarrassing than the delicate state of his mind. His connection to the Force however, had not faltered. It would seem that the collar had been the only thing cutting him off from it, and with it removed the Force had been the one consistent thing in his mind in the past four months. At Mitakas suggestion of running an actual simulation, Ren felt his stomach clench. His lightsaber. That was right, it was gone now. Lost to the Resistance. The weapon that hed scraped together, that had served him faithfully, despite its instability, was lost to him. He could always pick up a blaster. But that didnt solve the problem of having to explain to his Master that he would now have to go hunt for another Kyber crystal. Snoke would be furious. It would lead to awkward questions, but Hux had promised him that he had thought about all of this already. That when they finally did stand before Snoke again, Hux would ensure that the Supreme Leader would be unable to find fault with his Apprentice. Kylo wanted to believe him. But it didnt soothe away the feeling of nakedness that he felt without the familiar weight on his hip. As tempting as the idea sounds, Im afraid I would be rather useless in a simulation. I no longer have my lightsaber, Ren sighed, trying not to sound as self-pitying as he felt. It was taken from me by the Resistance. He hated to say those words aloud, hated how they sounded so much like defeat. They had taken so much from him, more than he had thought possible. More than he knew he had left to lose. Ren, something in Mitakas voice sounded strained and the Knight looked at him. The smaller man was holding something out to him. Kylo blinked. Impossible. In one trembling hand, Mitaka was offering out Kylos lightsaber to him. Is this really? Words were suddenly hard to form and a wave of emotion came over the Knight. Equal parts joy and relief and he had to take a deep breath in before he could continue. Where did you When? Kylo reached out, his hand hovering over the sabers hilt. I found it in a weapons locker when we rescued you. Ive been holding on to it, keeping it safe, Mitaka said quietly. I would have given it back to you earlier, but then Then you you got hurt and I-I didnt want to make it worse. Kylo sucks in a sharp breath, wincing at how the Lieutenant refers to his failed suicide attempt. How he worried about Kylo, had been afraid for him. Especially after seeing the blood splattered bathroom that night. The smaller mans thoughts are easy to read, he doesnt know or doesnt bother to hide them like Hux has learned to do. They flow off him like a babbling brook and the Knight closes his eyes, reaching out with the Force to touch the other mans mind. Mitaka physically recoils at the mental touch, trembling slightly. He is afraid, worried that Ren will interpret this gesture the wrong way, that he will be angry at the Lieutenant for keeping his weapon from him. That Ren will see him as someone who is not to be trusted and will take the lightsaber and strike Mitaka down, right there on the spot. He is so very afraid. But doing this, doing this now is important. The Lieutenant doesnt know why, couldnt give a reason for his actions at this moment. Something in his gut just tells him that now is the right time. That it is important that Kylo have this part of himself back. They have all done all they can for the Knight, and now it is up to Ren himself to ensure that he presses forward. That he doesnt give up and just fall on the lightsaber. Kylo takes a step closer to him and his hand closes over the one that Mitaka is holding the lightsaber out in. This is it. The moment of truth. Mitaka loosens his grip on the hilt of the weapon, not wanting to drop it, but not certain if Kylo will take it or not. But then he does and the weapon crackles to life and he hears the Knights sharp intake of breath. He feels Ren in his mind still and realizes that it isnt just the Knight looking in at him but is actually opening himself to Mitaka. Cautiously, Mitaka opens his eyes at looks at the Knight. Rens expression is one of a man having a pietistic experience. His mouth is slightly open, jaw slack in awe, tears stream down his face as he gazes at the red glow of the weapon. Mitaka realizes he can feel the other mans relief, and it confuses the Lieutenant for a moment, until he sees that the lightsaber is so much more than a weapon to the Knight. It is literally an extension of himself, lovingly and desperately crafted. Created with his own blood, sweat and tears, for the crystal that powers the mythical weapon was not easily found. Indeed, the search for the tiny red stone had nearly killed Kylo. It had taken him to an ice cave on Lothal, where hed nearly frozen to death after part of the cavern had collapsed and a stalactite had dropped from the high ceiling, slicing through his thigh. Had Ren not frantically been able to assemble his lightsaber with the newly found crystal, he would have bled to death. This lightsaber has saved his life, saved Huxs and Mitakas lives so many times. To be without it feels like someone has cut off a limb or ripped out a part of him. Kylos eyes meet Mitakas, theyre both bathed in the red glow of the lightsaber and a smile spreads across the Knights face as he deactivates the weapon and lets the hand holding it fall to his side. Mitaka feels the Knight pull his power back, gathering the Force around himself and closing himself off from the Lieutenant. He steps forward and closes the space between himself and Mitaka and with his free hand, pulls the Lieutenant against him in a tight hug. Slowly Mitaka returns the embrace. Thank you, my friend, Kylos voice wobbles with emotion still. Mitaka doesnt say anything, somehow, he realizes, that he doesnt need to. He lets Kylo break the embrace first, giving the Knight as much time as he needs. Finally Ren takes a step back, looking down at his lightsaber again, as if he cant really believe he has it back. So, that simulation? What exactly did you have in mind? --- The meeting had lasted for hours, much longer than either General or politician had thought that it would. They had started after breakfast and it had gone through lunch, and then they had missed dinner they were so concentrated on their task of finalizing the plans. There were a ridiculous number of things to work out, contingencies to be accounted for, plans to be made. But finally the proposal had reached a point where both Togruta and human were satisfied that it would be as effective as it would ever be. Are you certain you wish to go before the Senate? Hux asks her one final time. Yes, Asharas black eyes meet his green ones. She is unwavering, despite how Hux feels this is ill-advised. The Order will not be able to protect you there. You and Mitaka will have to go alone, you know that. I know. I understand the risks involved. I am not afraid of them. Your fear is not my concern Lady Ashara. I do not doubt your resilience, nor your resolve. However, I would very much like to see you and my Lieutenant come back from this tour alive . We will, I have no doubt of that. The members of the so-called Senate are cowards, they would not dare- You would be surprised what the Republic would dare do my Lady, Hux cut her off with a sharpness that startled even himself. The Togruta frowned at him, her eyes narrowing slightly. No doubt, General. However I will see this through to the end. If they kill me, an envoy, because I speak the words that make them squirm in their seats like the corrupted creatures they are, then they reveal themselves to the entire Galaxy. No, General. The Republic is desperate to maintain its image, they will make no attempt on my life or my soon-to-be-husbands. I assure you, her words have an edge to them and she has raised her chin in defiance. She has determination and is staring him down, unwilling to give even a fraction of an inch on this matter. Hux marvels at her strength of will and finally sighs. As you will then, Lady Ashara, he nods his head to her, acquiescing. I believe our work here is finished then. This mission tour is very important, I know you will do well and bring many to our cause. Ashara smiles, humming softly as she does. Then let us recruit our partners and find some dinner, I am famished. No one gives either of them a second glance as they move through the Star Destroyers corridors, much of the crew has become accustomed to the Togrutas presence. They are aware of her political station and her engagement, in fact several petty officers have stopped to congratulate her previously. The excitement of it has since worn off, and she is another member of the First Order. She may be lacking uniform and formal rank, but she carries herself with an air of confidence that rivals Huxs own. They make quite a sight, moving through the hallways of the ship, Hux in his greatcoat, his boots clicking against the metal floors and Ashara in her flowing white dress, her slippered feet making next to no noise as she moves. They reach Simulation Room Seven and find it locked, with a warning sign illuminated on the door that reads Warning: Simulation Active!. Hux overrides the lock and they step inside. He hears Ashara gasp at the sight of the room as the door shuts behind them. The room is darkened and the smell of blaster discharge, sweat and smoke reaches them. Huxs eyes move as he scans the battleground for the Knight and Lieutenant. The hologram soldiers are searching as well it would seem, unable to locate their enemies. But then Hux notices a shimmer that should not be there. As if someone is holding up a mirror to reflect an illusion. It is the black Force-created mist, he realizes, Kylo has shrouded himself and possibly Mitaka as well. Hux feels a swell of pride and then taps Asharas shoulder. Look, he whispers in her ear. Watch that corner. The mist shimmers again and Mitaka darts out, sprinting and firing a blaster as he does, drawing the enemies after him. Some of them follow, but more of them are interested in the place that the man sprang from. There is a heavy ripple that moves through the air and Hux braces himself, he knows what is coming next. The air explodes as the Force comes rushing out from the corner in a massive shockwave, sending the attacking forces sprawling backwards. Then Kylo is rushing forward, eyes wild with the thrill of the fight, lightsaber swinging in elaborate arcs as he cuts down stragglers. His skills have not been forgotten, and Hux is glad to see it, glad to see that the Knight look so alive . He glances at Ashara and helps her back to her feet, she was caught off guard by the strength of the Knights Force shock wave and knocked down. They watch in silence as the Knight darts to the side, moving adjacent to the thick of the battle. He jumps and runs along the wall, using the Force to propel himself and with a roar leaps off the wall. Kylos body twists, deflecting blaster shots as he moves through the air and lands squarely by Mitakas side. They move then, Rens lips moving slightly, instructing the Lieutenant as they cut and blast their way through. Kylo throws up a hand and stops a blaster bolt mid-air that would have hit Mitaka in the head. Mitaka ducks out of the way and the Knight releases the bolt and it resumes its course, striking an enemy instead. Mitaka in turn shoots an attacking soldier that has managed to get behind Ren and they continue this dance, as they cut down enemies. Hux has to admit Mitakas skills have grown since they started to train with him and, not for the first time, he is glad that they chose the Lieutenant. The battle rages for a few more seconds, until Ren brings his lightsaber down on the lead enemys head, effectively severing it from his body. The remaining holograms vanish, leaving the two men panting and sweating in the middle of the room. Ashara rushes forward to Mitaka, and hugs him tightly despite his sweatiness, showering him with praise. She had never seen the Lieutenant in a battle before, and Mitaka glows from the praise of his fiance. While they have eyes for only each other, Hux takes the opportunity to approach Ren. He doesnt run to the Knight, or do something as dramatic as throw his arms around him. Ren is watching him, dark eyes apprehensive, until he sees that Hux is smiling. The General stops when he is within the Knights personal space, their chests almost touching. Ren deactivates his lightsaber and lunges forward. He doesnt have far to go to capture the General, and in one quick motion his arm is around Hux pulling him flush against his chest and kissing him unabashedly. Hux stiffens in surprise and then relaxes minutely, letting Ren have this victory kiss, confident that Mitaka and Ashara are otherwise occupied. When Ren finally relinquishes his lips, Hux moves his hands to push the hair back that has been plastered to Rens face with sweat. Youve done so well, Kylo, he murmurs, his voice full of pride and he is unable to keep the smile off his face. He had harbored some doubts and plenty of fears when Mitaka had finally told him that he had the lightsaber, that he wanted to give it back to Ren. But in the end, Hux had trusted both friend and lover and he was glad that he had. Im so proud of you Kylo. Youve come so far my Knight. Ren grins, biting his lip and glancing away such with hope, Hux could kiss him again. But he doesnt, instead he strokes his thumbs over Rens cheeks. It will take a bit more time, but soon Kylo will be back in fighting shape. They cannot rush this, and he knows the Knight will want to. He is impulsive as ever, and will overstress himself, push himself too hard and that will be when Hux pulls him back. But right now, seeing him so invigorated, so bright eyed, it makes the Generals heart ache, it gives him greater hope than he could have ever expected it would. They will survive. They will fight through this and come out triumphant with the Republic burning at their feet and the Supreme Leaders head mounted on a wall. Hux pulls Ren forward and kisses him again. He puts all his passion and hope into the gesture, tilting their heads and deepening the kiss as if the act might allow they to taste each others very souls. He doesnt care if Mitaka and Ashara see such a bold display, because in that very moment the world has narrowed down to him and his Knight and the sanguineness burning between them threatening to scorch their veins. Ren trembles slightly and Hux breaks the kiss, worry spearheading his ecstatic hope. Its been so long since you kissed me like that, the Knight whispers, pressing his forehead against Huxs. Ive missed it so much. Like what? Like Im the only thing in the Galaxy that matters. Like I give you life. You are, Hux tells him without faltering. You do, my Knight. A smile spreads across Rens face and he steps back, breaking their embrace and their physical contact. Hux could moan at the loss of it, but Ren doesnt remove himself entirely. His hand not holding the lightsaber goes to clasp Huxs and then their fingers intertwine. Hux thinks his heart might stop at the simple gesture and gives Rens hand a gentle squeeze as they turn to face their friends. Would you two care to have dinner with us? --- The next three weeks pass in a blur as Ren starts to get a firmer and firmer grip on his recovery. The physical activity works wonders for him and if he isnt running simulations with Mitaka during the day then he is meditating, focusing entirely on repairing and reinforcing his mind. It had taken time, but he had finally read the thick file on Project Force Choke that Hux and Mitaka had recovered. Reading it, seeing what has happened, not just to himself, but to other Force-Sensitives, some of them children , makes his stomach twist. That his mother had allowed such things to happen stirs an emotion in Ren that hes never really felt towards his family: hatred. Hed been afraid in the past, upset at them but never hated them. Now, for the first time, he finds that the emotion he has reserved for his Master for so many years is spreading itself to his mother. To the woman who would claim to protect the Republic, who was probably getting under the table funding from some of those politicians she holds in such high regard. If this is what his mothers precious Resistance is about, what the Republic endorses, then he will throw himself entirely into seeing the First Order succeed. At least Hux doesnt mindlessly torture people, he always gives them the chance to share information willingly. And when they dont, pulling the information from peoples minds with the Force is far more reliable than things sputtered out under the influence of pain. And then they die, a quick, painless death. A simple slash of his lightsaber and it is all over. Merciful even. There is no dragging out of torture, it is bad for morale, a waste of time and resources. Reading through the files though had sent Kylo into a rage for days. Hed left Huxs quarters in the middle of the night, unable to sleep and went down to the gym kicking at bags and destroying many of them. Phasma had found him there early the next morning, still seething with anger like an offended nexu, as shed come to do her morning weight lifting routine. Spar with me? She offered, saying nothing else. Not pressing him to spill his soul or do anything other than find a physical release for his frustration that avoided having control panels sliced up by his lightsaber. Which if he was honest, he wasnt that far off from doing, so he accepted her offer with as much grace as he could. Its been so long since they have done hand-to-hand combat that it feels a little awkward at first. Theyve been so focused on simulations and battle plans that the finer points of closed quarters combat are hazy in both their minds. But after a few tentative kicks are exchanged muscle memory awakens and theyve moving across the mat in a fast paced dance, each trying to land a blow that will take the other down. Phasma is as quick as ever, bobbing and weaving out of his way, her fists in front of her in the boxing style she preferred. She was just waiting for the right moment, when Kylos guard would inevitably drop and an opening would present itself. He was good, but impatient as ever, even Huxs field formation training with him had not been able to convince the Knight to maintain any sort of patience. Ren was a man in motion, one possessed by the need to constantly move and be in action, especially when propelled by anger. He rushed headlong into things and if he was not careful his lack of caution would get him killed one day. Kylo is throwing jabs and punches at her, following them up by swift kicks in an effort to knock her off balance. Their match reaches the two minute mark and he lunges at her. Phasma moves to dodge him and plant a well placed side kick in his stomach, preparing to pull the blow so as not to hurt him too much. But then, much to her surprise he grabs her leg and twists it, forcing her body to flip and theyre suddenly on the ground, grappling and grunting with effort as they each fight against the holds that the other is trying to put them in. Finally Phasma manages to flip them with a clever swing of her legs and hips, throwing Kylo off of her. He lands on his back with an umph noise as the wind is knocked out of him and Phasma places him in a headlock. With grumble of defeat he taps out and she releases him. Dont pull your blows on me, I can handle them, he huffs at her as he sits back up. Lets go again. They continue to spar until some of the Stormtroopers start to file into the gym for their own workout routines. Captain and Knight move to exit the gym only to have three of the troopers from Rens platoon come up to them. We know youve been very busy Lord Ren, but we wanted to extend our congratulations on your nuptials, the bolder of the three troopers told him with a nervous grin. Were all hoping that you both have a long and happy marriage. Ren doesnt quite know what to say to this and fortunately Phasma steps in for him, taking that small step closer to him that puts her in his intimate space so their arms and hands brush. Ren takes the hint and moves his hand closest to her to rest on the small of her back. What would make this marriage most happy would be seeing the Republic fall, Phasma says, smiling at Ren as if hes her entire world. Thats what you promised me after all, the grandest gift a husband could give his wife: the destruction of our enemies. I also told you, Rens lips twitched. That such a gift was going to be reserved for our ten year anniversary. You are such a tease, making me wait for so long, Phasma actually pouted and it took all of the Knights self-control not to laugh at her expression. Rens troopers were watching them interact with wide eyes, clearly intent on telling the rest of the platoon every little detail of their superiors relationship. Well in the meantime, my warrior goddess, perhaps I can saite you with the head of one of the Republics generals, hmm? The troopers paled as Ren said this so casually. I suppose, Phasma sighed, biting her lip, looking every bit the lovestruck newly wed she was supposed to be. Do I get to chose which general? Of course, he moves his hand from her back to hold her chin and tilt her face so they look at each other, ignoring the gobstruck troopers before them. The Galaxy for you, a faint smile plays on his lips. At the last moment he pulls away, to look back at the troopers still watching them, giving them a wicked grin. I thank you for your congratulations and we both thank you for the gifts you all so graciously bestowed upon us. They have been most useful. And with that he moves his arm so it is around Phasmas waist and they leave the gym and their troopers behind. Only once they are in the empty hall does Kylo let his arm fall away from Phasmas waist. Thank you, I wasnt quite sure how to handle that, he says to her quietly as they walk. Im sure we have some sort of deranged fan club, Phasma comments mildly. Troopers love gossip and you gave them a delightful show. Sorry if I had to lay it on a bit thick, she grins at him and he smiles. Are you feeling better now? You were so angry earlier. I am somewhat better. The rest of it is just, accepting some things is more difficult than I expected. I was reading the files, about what Project Force Choke, he admits. Oh, she says quietly, but then speaks again. Im glad youre recovering. We were worried for so long that you had taken a turn for the worst. Do do you want to pick up sparing again, like we used to? He realizes that shes offering him some semblance of normalcy. Something constant and familiar that he can depend on, something to ground him if it becomes too much again. And he is so grateful to her. As hes worked with Mitaka and Ashara more and more hes seen less and less of the Captain. He worries hes been negligent in his end of their friendship, that for all she did for him during his recovery, he has been ungrateful. I would like that, very much, he tells her as they reach the door to Huxs quarters and he pulls her into a hug. Thank you, sister. Youve done so much for me, I dont know what I would do without you. Thats what you do for family, little brother, she tells him, hugging him tightly. --- The moments of blankness stop coming. Kylo isnt really sure when it starts to happen consistently, but it does. The flashbacks to the torture by the Resistance, the torment by his Master, cease as well, although that could be because he has been consciously working on acknowledging them, instead of burying them like he has the latter for years. It is time perhaps, that he stopped hiding from them, that he stopped letting them control him. If he is to ever truly be free of Snoke, to be able to kill him and stand at Huxs side as the First Order is victorious, Ren cannot let his Master keep the hold on him that he does. It is difficult though. Despite his meditations, his acceptance of what has happened and his knowledge that the last time Snoke had tried Ren had been able to resist him, Kylo finds himself afraid. Snoke is still much stronger than he is, and Ren has so much to lose. Ren is still vulnerable, held captive by his very real fear of what his Master might do to him, or worse, those who he has come to care about. The nightmares come and go still, fueled by his fear, his anxiety that he will never be strong enough to surpass his grandfathers legacy. He knows that if he doesnt then he will lose everything. His nightmares do not feature himself as the victim, but Phasma, Mitaka, Ashara and Hux. They scream in pain as Snoke torments them, slaughters them. And all the while Ren is powerless to stop it. The worst ones however, are when he feels like Snoke is taking control of his body, and forces the hand that holds the red lightsaber to cut them down, piece by piece. After those nightmares Ren cant sleep again no matter how hard he tries. And he will be damned if he wakes Hux, the General has earned rest after so many sleepless nights in the months prior. So Ren goes to the gym, pushing his still recovering body as hard as he can, forcing himself to a point of utter exhaustion so he cant form such horrid dreams. Hux comes and finds him then, having woken up in the night to a cold bed. The first time Kylo had vanished like this the General had completely panicked. Upon finding Ren however, the redheads ire had eased. He had realized, with some caution that this was part of Rens healing. He wasnt going to be chaperoned the rest of his life. But that doesnt stop the General from coming down to the gym and joining the Kight, keeping him company, making him talk about the nightmares and in the end leading him back to bed. They start to spar again, just like they used to. Its strange, as if time has been reset somehow and theyre back at the beginning. Only now they arent tearing into each other in anger fueled lust. In fact, theyve both become oddly celibate in the past few weeks, sharing kisses and touches but nothing more. As if they were both too afraid to try again, given that the last time they had Rens mind had tipped into a flashback. So instead they hesitated, not thinking about it, not acknowledging it. Ignoring it entirely. Tonight was different though. Ren feels too warm as he kicks at the bags, despite that hes shed his shirt and is in a pair of loose fitting shorts. His mouth is dry no matter how much water he drinks and his hands tremble. His dreams have become more violent lately, feeding of something still repressed inside him, on urges that hes been neglecting. Kylo, Huxs voice makes goosebumps rise on his skin and he turns back to see the General standing at the edge of the mat. Bad dream? Hux asks and Ren nods. Theyre getting worse, he admits quietly. It Sometimes I think theyre real. Hux... he looks away and Hux moves to him, resting a hand on Rens cheek. Help me, please . What would you have me do? Hux asks, the question feels loud in the quiet of the gym at this ungodly hour of the morning. The Knights eyes flutter closed and he moans softly, leaning into Huxs touch. His throat works, he is afraid to ask for it. It has been so long since But he needs it. Cant function without it. Cant accept anymore of this until he is balanced. And for that he needs Ren shakes his head, he isnt brave enough to ask for it. Not now. Not when he wants to greedily take what he doesnt deserve. What he hasnt earned . Kylo? There is worry in Huxs voice. The Knight is trembling and Hux fears that hes tipped back into a madhouse of memoria. Huxs throat tightens, until Ren finally opens his eyes and stares at Hux. Take me back? his voice is a soft whisper. He wants comfort he cant have. Wants reassurance that he hasnt earned. He doesnt deserve. Isnt worthy of. His needs and desires are conflicting and making the residual anxiety from his nightmare worse. He deserves the nightmares, the terror. I help. His hands are opening and closing, as if hes trying to grasp an invisible rope, a lifeline that will comfort him. He cant get the words to come out right, hes making a mess of it! Hux takes his hands, letting Ren clutch his in a grip that makes his bones ache. Hes learned to recognize the Knights tics, the little signals he gives off when hes starting to become too distressed to properly communicate. When he holds himself too stiffly, shifts his weight too often, his speech pattern shifts, becoming shorter and more terse, his shoulders hunch and his hands make that that motion of wanting to grip onto something that isnt there. Hux wonders how many of these will carry over when the Knight returns to his full duties, when he is under the scrutiny of the troopers and officers or his Master. For now though, he focuses on getting Kylo back to their room. The nightmare must have been a bad one. It worries Hux that Ren is waking from this bad dreams without screaming, he wonders what that says of the Knights mental state. Ive got you, he promises. Lets go back, come on. He starts to lead the shaking Knight from the too public space. It might be 0330, and the room might be empty, but the space is too open and Kylo needs comfort, needs to feel like he can breathe and breakdown if he needs to without judgment. Kylo follows him silently and without complaint and once they are safely behind the doors of Huxs quarters the General draws the Knight into an embrace. Ive got you, he reassures again. Dont you ever get tired of this? Ren asks quietly. Having to monitor me? Babysitting me like Im .... some sort of timebomb? Only when you send me into a panic looking for you, Hux tries to joke, smiling weakly as he steps back. We take care of each other, remember? he says more tenderly. Come, let me take care of you. Hux I- Ren bites off the words and looks away, balking against the Generals gentle tug on his hands that tries to lead him to the bed. The General looks back at him, head tilting, waiting patiently. What Ren says next confuses him. I dont deserve this. What do you mean? Rens throat works and he looks away, focusing on a spot on the floor and gnawing at his lip. This. You. I  I havent earned it. Im not deserving of it, of any of it. Kylo, Hux moves back to him, taking Rens face in his hands. Who told you that? he asks, his voice soft and heartbroken. Where would the Knight get such an idea? Why would he think that? Hux brushes Rens hair back from his face, looking at him with concern. Kylo pulls away, his posture slumping even more, trying to avoid answering the question. He shakes his head. Listen to me, a rnsearc , Hux tells him sternly, stepping forward again to close the space between them and presses himself flush against the Knight. Kylo gasps softly, trembling at their physical contact. You are more deserving of kindness, of love and adoration, than any being in this Galaxy. You dont have to earn anything, ever. His arms wrap around the Knight and Kylo slumps against him, his entire body shaking. Just ask, and if it is in my power to give it to you, you shall have it. Be it comfort, affection, he presses his lips against Kylos neck. Pleasure, he lets a hand snake through Kylos hair, giving it the gentlest of tugs, just enough for the word to be associated with the sexual nature gesture. Or just sitting here, he stepped away from the larger man then, his hands going to hold Kylos once more. Sometimes actions did more than words alone did for the Knight, made intentions more clear. Tell me what you need, Kylo, Hux urges him. There is a tenderness in his voice that is reserved only for the Knight, that no one else would ever see so long as Hux remained General of the First Order. Perhaps, there is even more emotion than usual in his voice, given the bizarre hour of night and the heaviness of their quiet conversation and all the things unspoken. You asked me to help, what can I do? Kylo looks at him, eyes glazed over with tiredness and disquiet. He is exhausted, his body hurts from how hard hes been pushing himself. Every muscle and fiber in his body aches with exhaustion, and even so he cant give into it. He cant give himself permission. He doesnt believe Hux for even a moment when the red haired man tells him the opposite of what hes been telling himself since he was ten years old. For so long hes believed something was wrong with him, has been told by his family that he was broken, infected with Darkness, and utterly ignoble. That he is dangerous, unstable and something, not even a person, to be controlled, monitored carefully lest he become a Sith. As if some horrible transformation occurs during the lunar cycle that will send him into a murderous rampage. Hes been so afraid of himself that he grew to hate himself and his connection to the Force, always an outcast. A problem child who felt too much, who was too quiet and unsettling to the adults around him. Under Snokes wing he had learned to hate others and become further isolated. Had learned to fear touch, to feel dirty in a way he had not known possible. To hate himself further. To hate his own sexual urges that became more commonplace as he grew older. As a teen he had become disgusted by his longings for sexual gratification. He wanted, longed for touches that were on his terms and not taken from him. Not ripped from him, not stolen. But who would want to touch something dark and dirty like him? Who would think him worthwhile? In time he came to see that he was undeserving of such gentleness. He was not allowed to enjoy touches on his body, or the pleasure that sparked in his veins. How could he when it was always rough? Always cruel and accompanied by the reek of his Master? So he ignored the urges of his body, hating that he had them. Hating that he desired at all and that made him want it all the more. No, he was not allowed to enjoy it, to take pleasure or comfort in it. Such luxuries were for beings who were untainted. They were for good people, not beings like him. Not monsters. Monsters were unworthy of such gratifications and the peace of mind that came with them. When he had been sent away to train with the Nightsister he had crept away into the jungle one evening. His body so hot and tense he feared he would explode. Kylo collapsed on his knees behind a tree, gasping for breath, trying so hard to ignore his body. But he was hard, throbbing and insistent. Then, and idea came to him. One he had cautiously thought about many times before but never acted upon. Perhaps. If he paid a high enough price, he could gain pleasure. Could allow himself to feel it, just for a little while. If he hurt himself enough, if he earned it He didnt give the logic of the idea much more thought, he was hastily shoving his pants down and grabbing his cock in one tight fist and giving it a tug. Hed fallen back on his heels, sucking in a shaky gasp of air. This felt amazing, like his whole body was on fire in the best way possible. Yes. Yes he could earn this, he would pay his pound of flesh and blood, punish himself for having these desires, for wanting things he isnt worthy of, things that no monstrous beast like him deserves. With his other hand he dug his nails into his thigh, clawing at himself, creating deep welts in his pale skin. A sob of pain left him. He jerked at his cock again. Pleasure. Toe-curling, breath stealing pleasure. Kylos head tipped back and he moaned. Yes. This was worth it. So worth it. He continues in this pattern, clawing and jerking at himself until his thighs are bruised and bleeding. His vision goes white as he pulls at his cock once more and feels release for the first time. Kylo sags forward, exhausted, unable to catch himself, and just lies there, panting, his hands sticky with cum and blood. Hes never felt so relaxed, so at peace as he has in this moment. He closes his eyes, just for a second. When hed awoken he was back in Shelishs hut and finds himself nude from the waist down under a lightweight blanket, his legs bandaged from where hed clawed himself open. Be mindful of your desires, his teacher tells him, passing him a bowl of cool, clear broth. If you are going to indulge yourself, make sure you are safe first. That you will not be caught unawares or left vulnerable. Kylos shoulders hunch and he feels his face turn red. Where are my pants? he asks quietly. Hanging on the line to dry, they were covered in blood so I washed them. I would have redressed you, but your wounds should not have pressure on them right now, the Nightsister tells him, tilting her head and studying him intently, her brows knitting. It is not your fault, you do know that, dont you my student? The boy looks away from her, You wouldnt understand. A harsh laugh leaves his teachers mouth. Oh wouldnt I? You have been here nearly two months now, do you really think that I of all beings would not understand? He glances at her from behind a curtain of messy black hair. You are wise teacher, you are kind. But I am undeserving of the latter. Undeserving of pleasure, of indulgences. Now why would you say something like that? Shelish perches at the edge of his cot, yellow eyes narrowing slightly. Kylo takes a slow sip from the bowl of broth to buy himself time before he has to answer. Because, he feels traitorous tears burn at the corners of his eyes. Because if I were a good person, if I was of the Light, then none of this would have happened to me! A sob wracks his young body. If I wasnt so disgusting, so broken and fucked up my parents would have never sent me away! Snoke would have never- a broken noise chokes him. My sister would still be alive! If I werent such a monster none of these awful things would happen! he looks up at the Dathomirian. Bad things happen to people like me, I dont get to have good things, nice things! Im disgusting and tainted and I dont deserve anything good! Im not allowed to enjoy things things like  he gestures helplessly at his crotch to indicate what he meant. Snoke he said no one would ever want someone like me. I knew it all along, but he told me. So it must be true, my Master would not lie to me. Shelish sighs heavily. Is that what they would have you think? Is that what Snoke has been telling you? she stands so quickly that Kylo is afraid she means to strike him and he shrinks back in fear. Instead she paces her hut, muttering to herself. Finally she calms enough that she approaches him again. She doesnt sit this time, but rests a hand atop his head, patting his hair gently. Her next words are spoken with great care. My student, you have much to learn. There are nightmares in the Light and comfort to be found in the Darkness. In time you will see that the Galaxy does not exist in sheer contrast but in a multitude of shades of gray. And you will see your own Darkness as the blessing that it is. After all, you look at a being like myself and you do not see a monster, she smiled faintly. Kylo glances up at her, biting his lip. But- he goes to protest. To try to explain that she is different , but she gently shushes him. One day you will see that, and you will no longer feel the need to earn your pleasure by suffering. One day you may even find your suffering to be pleasurable as many sometimes do, I cannot say for certain, for I am a mere witch of Dathomir. But I know this, you my student, are no monster. Her hand strokes his hair for a moment longer and then she pulls away. Drink the rest of your broth. I will retrieve your pants, they should be dry by now. To a degree her words had been true. Kylo, as he had gotten older, he had taken comfort in the Darkness, despite that it made him tainted. If he was tainted then he would embrace it entirely. He would use his Darkness to protect others and draw strength from it. Later he had sometimes found his self-flagellation to be enjoyable, to be part of his personal sexual preference. At other times though it was a chore, a necessary penance he had to do to be worthy of the amazing feeling of release. So long as he hurt himself enough, as long as he suffered enough he could take some small pleasures, some small indulgences. Then Hux had come crashing into his life and changed everything. Hux who had been gentle to Kylo when the Knight had been unable to be gentle with himself. It was mind-blowing to think that another person might simply give him pleasure and gentleness without demanding suffering in exchange for it. At first Kylo had been too shocked to protest. But then the guilt had come. The nagging feeling that told him he didnt earn these gifts, that monsters dont deserve to have such care taken with them. That their sexual violence was a sneaky way of skirting the issue, despite that they both enjoyed it. Because nothing set Rens skin aflame, made his heart race and cock throb like Hux pulling his hair, hitting his face or his ass, pressing on bruises. The pain laced itself with his pleasure and he enjoyed every second of it. What was even better, Hux kept him safe. Kylo could lose himself in the act, in the moment and Hux would care for him afterwards. And when the pleasure became too much, when Rens guilt, fear and pain threatened to devour him whole, he could ask Hux to hit him. To give him that pain that he so desperately needed. To allow him to earn the privilege of enjoying pleasure, even if Ren hadnt explicitly explained why and Hux had never asked. Telling Hux what he needed had been hard enough, especially when it caused the General such distress to hit Ren at those times. But Hux indulged him, did as he asked and then cared for him so tenderly afterward. Ren loves him for it. All of it. And now Hux is offering him care and tenderness. Endless amounts of it and Ren feels unworthy, undeserving. Hes taken and taken for months, granted he had suffered heavily under the Resistances hands, but that had long since worn off. It has since expired and Kylo needs pain, needs to suffer again so he can earn that beautiful pleasure again. But he is afraid to ask in this moment, it is always so hard to ask for it. So he is selfish, he asks for more pleasure. I hurt, he whispers. Everything hurts. Hux tilts his head, trying to decipher if this is the truth or not. It feels like a surface issue, like Kylo is not, or perhaps cannot, be open with him. Thats okay though, he will tend to this need and once Kylo is comfortable enough the real need with come to the surface. Okay, Hux gives his hand a gentle squeeze. Go sit on the bed, Ill take care of you. To his relief, the Knight obeys and Hux goes to the small refrigeration unit in his room and takes out a bottle of Corellian wine. It is one that Kylo had gotten for him before all of this started, telling him to save it for when they had something special to celebrate. This wasnt exactly a celebration, but Kylo was more than deserving, Hux decided. He poured two tumblers of the golden tinted liquid, thinking to himself that one day he would have to get proper wine glasses. Until then though, these would do. Hux passed one glass to Kylo and sat next to him on the bed. It will help you relax, he murmured to the Knight, taking a sip from his own drink. Dont worry, Ill take care of you. They drank in silence, Kylo leaning against Hux, pressing close to him and linking their fingers together. Once the wine was gone, Hux guided Kylo back onto the bed, peeling off his shirt and pants to the Knight was nude and Hux knelt over him. Youre beautiful, Hux murmured stupidly, leaning down and kissing the Knight. Kylo had never been hard on the eyes, even when he was too thin, or sick and snot nosed or more recently slightly softer as his muscles had faded during his recovery. Hux had seen the larger man fussing with his body in the mirror, making a face of self-loathing as he truly realized that his muscles had mostly faded and all that remained was soft, pale flesh that was covered in silver and pink scars. He knew that Rens physical wellness was important to him, that was why he had pushed himself so hard recently. It was starting to show again, the hard lines of muscle, but if he overworked himself now, he would damage himself and be right back where he started. Beautiful, Hux kissed at Rens neck, along the pale pink scar that the collar had left on him. If they had time Hux would have worshiped every burnt, blasted and clawed scar on the Knights body. Scarred or not, muscled or not the Knight was beautiful and Hux didnt want him to forget it, because Ren forgot things sometimes. Little things, like how much he was loved, and that he mattered. It hadnt happened as frequently before, but the torture seemed to have unleashed all the larger mans insecurities as well as his terrible memories. So Hux patiently reminded him. I love you, he pressed a kiss behind Rens ear. Kylo shivered, his blush spreading over his face and down his neck to his chest. Hux, he bit his lip, dark eyes filled with nervousness looked up at the General. Lie on your stomach, Hux tells him, nuzzling against him in a way that makes Ren think of Millicent. Im going to give you a massage. Im going to make you feel good, I promise. He strokes Kylos face with a hand. You know I would never do anything to harm you. Kylo swallows heavily and nods, nuzzling against Hux once more before slowly turning over and letting his stomach rest on the bed. He pulls a pillow under his chin and tucks his arms under his head to get comfortable. Behind him Hux is moving and there is the gentle clink of the glass bottles of oil and the cap is carefully unscrewed. A warm weight settles itself atop his rump. Im just kneeling over you, Hux reassures him. This might be a bit cold, sorry. The scent of the oil starts to fill the room, warm, like coriander and then the cool oil drizzles over Kylos skin. He shivers as it trails a line down his spine, pooling at the small of his back. Then Hux replaces the cap on the bottle and Huxs hands are on him. They start at the small of his back, fingers and palms smearing the collected oil as they push along the edge of his spine, working their way upwards and then fanning out to his shoulders. Kylo shudders once more and lets the scent of the oil, the touch of his lovers hands and the warmth of the wine in his belly soothe away any and all thoughts. He drinks in the sensations and allows himself to get lost in them. Hux smiles as Ren turns to putty beneath his hands. The alcohol has helped a bit, the Knight is already pliant under his fingers. Hux can feel just how tight the muscles are, he has to be careful how much pressure he applies, too much too fast will hurt instead of relaxing. If he can get Ren loose enough though, hell be able to press in on a few select trigger points and the worst of the knots in the Knights overworked muscles will come loose. Kylo starts to make soft little moaning noises beneath him and Hux leans over him to whisper in his ear, Are you all right? Do I need to stop? His answer is a head shake and then Ren leans his head back, eyes closed in bliss, as his hair brushes against Huxs chin. Dont stop. Feels good, he murmurs and then he collapses back down into the pillow with a shudder. As you wish, Hux kisses the back of his head and starts to put more of his weight and strength into the long strokes on Kylos back. It makes his body rock against Kylos naked rear, but Hux ignores that for now and focuses solely on his task. He works his hands over Kylos back for almost an hour and then carefully presses in on a ball of knots that is lingering in Kylos neck. The Knight tenses as Hux holds pressure on it, but then relaxes as the muscles uncoil. Hux finds three more such points, two at the base of his shoulders and another just above his hip. Satisfied with his work, Hux scoots back so hes kneeling between Kylos legs and reaches for the oil again. The Knight makes a whining noise and cranes his neck to look back at him. Im not going to neglect your legs and feet, Hux assures him, resting a hand on the back of Kylos thigh. Do you want? he moves the hand to lightly touch the Knights rear and Kylos nod is accompanied by a breathless yes. Hux nods and pours the oil into his palm and then takes a slow breath in and lets it out. His hands work over the swell of Kylos rear and down his thighs. If it was possible the Knights muscles were even tighter and tenser here than they had been on his back. Hux decides to work on one side at a time, and adopts a gentle kneading motion as he presses his thumbs into the soft flesh and slides them upwards and over all the way up to the dimples in Kylos back. He repeats this slow, squeezing motion over and over, flexing his fingers alternatingly against the knots of muscles. Then he coats his fingers in oil and gently starts to rock his knuckles against the worst of the tense muscles: right under the crease where ass connects to thigh. After a few minutes of this, he notices that Ren is trembling slightly beneath his touch. Are you okay, Hux asks, pausing. Ren makes a motion but Hux cant tell what it is. I need to hear it Kylo, he says gently. Y-yes, please Hux, dont stop, Ren doesnt quite sound like he actually is okay and he wont look at Hux. Kylo Hux moves his hands to a less volatile part of the Knights body, resting them on the back of his knees. Whats wrong? What is it? What can I do to help? Kylos trembling stops and he pulls himself away from Hux, twisting so he is sitting up and drawing one knee to his chest. He rests his forehead against the top of his knee, not meeting Huxs gaze. The General can see his hard on, half hidden by his leg and shifts himself, trying to make the tent in his own pants less obvious. The silence becomes heavy and finally the Knight looks up at him. Hit me. His voice is stricken and pained and so very afraid. It makes Huxs blood run cold and his eyes go wide. Kylo- Hit me! The Knight shouts this time, as if hes giving an order and Hux flinches back. Tears fall down Kylos face and he scrubs at them furious. You have to Hux, he whispers. You have to. The General looks away, his own breath coming fast and heart racing like hes terrified. He knew this was coming. Knew that sooner or later they would confront this again. He swallows heavily. No. Huxs voice feels small, weak. He hates that. He swallows and straightens a bit, looking back at Ren who is staring at him in agonized disbelief. No, Kylo, his voice is stronger this time. No, Im not doing this anymore. No more of this. It isnt right! It feels right! Kylo shoots back at him. Its the only way that I can- he looks away, wincing as if speaking the words are causing him physical harm. I need it Hux! Why cant you understand that? Perhaps because you never explained it, Hux snaps with a frown. And I I never asked. He hangs his head. He cant put this all on Ren. Hed protested, had been uncomfortable, but never once just asked . Hux damns himself and pulls his hands through his hair, not caring about the oil lingering on his fingers. Tell me, at least tell me why ? Why do you always want to be hurt? This he hates to even think of using the word normal and struggles for a moment to find another way to phrase what hes about to say. This, having me hit you to bring you out of memories, it isnt healthy Kylo! You get off on it too! The Knight shoots back. Why cant you just do this for me? I need it Hux! I need  a sob breaks from him. Hux looks away. Its different Kylo, these sort of relationships what were doing , how were going about it, its all wrong. Kylo hides his face against his knee and pulls both his arms over his face and head and sobs. Hux looks back at him, his heart breaking. Kylo- he lightly touches the Knights arm, only to have the larger man flinch away. It is then that he hears the words that the Knight is mumbling to himself as he cries. No good worthless unwanted, stupid, tainted. Unworthy. Kylo stop it! Hux grabs his arms and jerks them away from where theyre covering his face. Kylo looks away from him, pulling back with a harsh sob. You are none of those things! Yes I am! the Knight screams at him and Hux freezes, eyes going wide. Dont you see that? Im a monster that lives in the darkness! Im tainted, dirty and infected with something that everyone is terrified of! Thats why they sent me away! Thats why Snoke- he chokes and cant make the words. -Because bad things happen to monsters like me! And after what Snoke did it just made me filthier! All I deserve is pain, is suffering! I dont get good things unless I suffer for them! I dont deserve kindness or pleasure! I dont get to have it freely handed to me like those of the Light do! So I have to bleed and suffer and beg and plead for the tiniest scraps! I have to earn it and- he gasps for breath, chest heaving. You! You just give it to me! I cant live with that! I cant bare it! I have to earn it, Hux! Dont you see? Dont you get it? his voice breaks and hes gasping for breath and sobbing again, trying to pull away from Hux. I dont deserve good things, I dont deserve love or affection. I never have. Im unworthy of it, undeserving, I- Hux cuts him off then by yanking Kylo forward with all his might and sending the Knight sprawling into him. Once there Hux wraps his arms around the other man and refuses to let go. Thats enough, Kylo, the Generals voice is shaking and gruff as he speaks. Thats enough. Kylo, amazingly stays quiet and doesnt fight against Huxs hold. They sit there, hearts racing and panting for breath and that is when Hux realizes that hes crying too. He hates himself in this moment for being so stupid! So arrogant and blind that he just didnt ask earlier! But his tears arent for himself, theyre for Kylo, because the larger man has been holding onto all this pain for so long. It all makes a sickening sort of sense. Why Kylo asked to be hit when he did, why the devastating violence he craved was so closely linked with sex for the Knight. Everything, was linked to the Knights pain of isolation, all the cruelty that hed suffered. Listen to me Kylo, Hux whispered into his ear. You are not tainted. You are not dirty . There is nothing wrong with you- But- Kylo tries to protest, to cut him off. Hux doesnt let him. You deserve nothing but goodness! He moves one hand to tilt the Knights chin up so their eyes meet. You are not a monster. You dont ever have to earn any of the affection or love I give you. You dont have to earn Phama or Mitakas friendship. We give it to you, freely. Because we want to. Because youve been worthy this whole time Kylo. Tears spill out of the Knights eyes and snot is running from his nose, Hux wipes it away with the collar of his tank top. Listen to me, a rnsearc. Mo shorghr , the words of endearment spill from the Generals lips before he can stop them. Ren wont know what they mean, wont understand and Hux doesnt know how to translate them into Basic.  A rn mo chro  I love you, freely, without payment or demand. I care about you, about your wellbeing. About you as a whole, and Im so Maker damned sorry that I didnt ask sooner. That I let you suffer for so long. You deserve so much better Kylo, and I know you dont believe me, he rests his forehead against Rens. But I will spend the rest of my days telling you otherwise until you finally do believe it. You are the last person in the Galaxy who deserves to suffer, Kylo. You dont have to hurt, not anymore. I wont let you. No more. No more earning through suffering. Ren stares up at him, the tears not stopping as they spill down his face and he sniffles loudly. Hux I I dont know how . Since I was ten I   Hux brushes at the tears, its a futile gesture he knows, but he tries anyway and presses a kiss to Kylos forehead as he thinks. Any time you feel this way. You feel unworthy or not good enough. You tell me, Kylo. Can you do that? The Knight swallows heavily. I the words Theyll come out wrong. Then well simplify it. Well use a single word, one that will have special meaning, how does that sound? Hux says. It isnt quite the same as a safe word, but it will work for this purpose. But what about you? What about me? It should be a word for both of us, for when you want the collar Kylo drops his eyes and Hux stiffens slightly at the mention of the item. He doesnt want to stress Kylo with that right now, doesnt want to burden him. Perhaps one day, hell kneel before Knight again, but not until hes certain that Ren is stable, that he is comfortable in his own skin and with his own being. However there is logic in having a shared word. Okay, a shared word, what do you want it to be? He agrees. Kylo bites his lip and shudders slightly. What will you do if I use it? When I come to you consumed by inadequacy? Exactly what Im doing right now. I will hold you, I will tell you that you are worthy, that you do deserve good things, Hux promises him. And for every time I tell you, I will kiss you, he presses his lips to Rens temple. I will gently touch you, and remind you of your humanity and that you are allowed to take pleasure in gentleness. How does that sound? Ren shudders again, pressing himself closer to Hux. Its going to be hard  he gnaws at his lip in worry. Hux? Yes Kylo? I sometimes sometimes I like the violence. Sometimes it it feels good and it isnt part of earning anything I just take pleasure in that. his brow furrows as he tries to explain it. I know you do too Do you think we can keep that part? Hux sucks at the back of his teeth for a moment, thinking. How often, of all the times weve used violence as a means to an end, has it been purely as pleasure for you? This is important, he has to tread carefully. If he can steer Kylo away from earning and self-depreciating and strictly indulge in a sexual venture, perhaps Hux will entertain the idea. Because if it is for their mutual pleasure, then he is nothing like his father. He is simply indulging as he has since he was a teen. Perhaps thirty percent of the time? comes the cautious answer. Hux sighs. On a condition: you must not lie to me about it. Do not use it as a cover for your self-flagellation. If you do, then we never revisit this again. If you want me to slap your ass, pull your hair, shove you against the wall and fuck your brains out while biting your neck, I will, but only for the sake of enjoyment. For pleasure. No using this to punish yourself, is that agreeable? Ren lets a slow breath out and goes still. Hux can practically see the gears turning in the Knights mind, can feel him weighing himself, his desires and his ability to be honest with Hux. Finally he nods. Okay. Okay I- I think I can. Should should we have a word or phrase for that too? Hux smiles and strokes Kylos hair. We can. It might allow us to be more discrete. It would also be best if we have a word to indicate refusal or for the other to stop. Ren gives him a strange look. Youre allowed to say no. We both are, Kylo. No one gets forced into anything. The Knight nods again, and slowly relaxes against Huxs chest. They sit in silence and then Kylo speaks again. For  stabilizing, cause we use the word need? It would work for both of us. All right. Since weve used my office previously for our rougher sessions, how about we use a phrase referencing that? Even if it doesnt take place in your office? Yes, that is why it is subtle. Think of it like an inside joke that only we know about. Oh. Meet me in my office, how does that sound? Perfect, completely innocuous. And now if we cant or need to stop- Cant, Kylo supplies the word, almost eagerly. It is simple and easy. All right then. Kylo smiles for the first time that night and Hux feels a small flicker of hope. What he doesnt expect is for those golden brown eyes to raise to meet his, still full of longing and pain, but now free of tears. Hux? Yes, Kylo?  Need , the word sounds desperate on the Knights lips and Hux leans forward and kisses him, long and slow until the larger man is trembling and panting for breath. Do you want me to finish your massage? he asks and Kylo nods eagerly, even though he looks uncertain still. Its okay, on your stomach again, Hux nuzzles him, pressing another kiss to his lips. Ill take care of you. You deserve kind touches, you deserve pleasure, Kylo. The Knight shifts to lie back down and Hux retrieves the oil again. He starts at Rens feet this time, murmuring reassurances and affections to him as he works the knots in his feet loose and moves back up his body. Kylo shudders and moans as he does, goosebumps rising on his flesh as trigger points release under Huxs touch. Doing okay? Hux asks as he works on Kylos upper thighs. Kylo whines panting for breath. Hux I I dont deserve- Yes you do, Hux crawls up over Kylo and leans over him tracing his fingertips along the Knights sides and leans down to trail kisses along the Knights spine. You deserve good things. Gentle touch. I promise you Kylo. You are more than deserving. A sob leaves the Knight and Hux lies down then, draping himself half over Rens body and tangling their legs together and he strokes Kylos back. Shhh, its all right. Youve done nothing wrong, its okay to enjoy this. To ask for it. To want it. You can have as much of it as you want Kylo. Kylo cries for a few minutes, hiding his face in the pillows, shuddering as Hux whispers these promises to him. Finally he leans up and kisses Hux. I need you Hux, he whispers. So badly. I want touch. Like you were before, massaging me, touching... This? Hux trails his hand to rest once more on Kylos rear. The Knight nods. Want to feel you inside with your fingers, the Knight blurts out and turns red, hiding his face in the pillow in a ridiculous show of bashfulness. Hux smiles a bit at this, it is almost cute, if such a word could be used to describe the Knight. He moves back down to kneel between Kylos legs and pours oil into his hands. Then, slowly, he starts to massage Rens ass again. He takes his time, working the firm swell of muscle and flesh, making sure the Knight is relaxed before starting to spread his cheeks open and tease brushes of oil slick digits around the rim. Gradually, carefully, he gets closer and closer until he is massaging that tight hole itself and Ren is a shuddering mess under him. Hux! he gasps. Its okay Kylo, he promises. Ill take care of you. Ill give you all the pleasure you deserve. Then he leans down and begins to lap at that tight ring of muscle and Ren whines. Slowly Hux presses the tip of his tongue inside, his fingers still massaging and rubbing at Rens cheeks, dipping fingers along his crevice. He pushes his tongue deeper and Ren howls his need. Somewhere in the room Millicent is startled and sprints into the bathroom to seek sanctuary from the noise. Hux pulls his tongue out and pulls back, reaching for the oil again and Ren looks back at him, face red and mouth parted as he pants. Dont worry, just needed more oil, Hux tells him, trailing fingers down his back to sooth him. Im going to give you such pleasure Kylo. The Knight moans and hides his face again as Hux slicks his digits and spreads the larger man open once more. This time he buries his face against Kylos spread ass, pushing his tongue as deep as it will go and lapping at the Knights insides before working in a finger. He pulls his tongue out to suck at the tight ring of muscle and kiss around it, worshipful almost in his gestures as he adds another finger into Rens body. Hux curls his fingers inwards and up, kissing at Rens cheeks and then up his spine as he works the two digits in and out of him. The Knight is moaning, has pushed himself up on his elbows and is grinding against the bed shamelessly. You deserve this Kylo, this and all the pleasure in the Galaxy, Hux murmurs to him, careful to keep his movements gentle but not so gentle that the endeavor becomes wasted. My beautiful Knight. That is all it takes and Kylo cum with a scream that Hux is convinced half the ship heard, his body seizing up around Huxs fingers. F-Fuck! Hux, he gasps as Hux slowly pulls his fingers out of Ren, kissing his shoulder. Hux! Easy beautiful, the General murmurs. Easy, just breathe. You did so well. Want to- Kylo rolls over, and this time it is Hux who is yanked forward and Kylos hand is fondling him through his sleep pants, where his ignored cock hides. The Knight kisses him with wild abandon that makes Huxs eyes roll back in his head and he gives in to the touch, cumming so hard he sees stars for a moment as he shamelessly thrusts into Kyos hand. They collapse back on the bed, a mess of fluids and limbs. Panting and exhausted on more levels than just the physical, but much calmer. Steadier somehow. Once their breathing slows, Hux nudges Kylo gently. Come on, shower, he tells the other man. When do you have to report for your shift? Kylo asks, not yet moving. Ill go in late, Hux sits up slowly, his hand going to clasp the Knights. I want to hold you for a little while. I I think Id like that, Ren smiles a bit. He feels bone tired and utterly relaxed and lighter. As if things are finally , truly right. Hux? Yes Kylo? I love you. Hux stares at him and then leans down to kiss him.  T m i ngr leat.  ---- Kylo lay there, his head resting on Huxs chest, listening to the Generals heartbeat. One of Huxs hands is tangled in his hair, lightly scratching at his scalp. Theyre clean now, dirty clothes and bedding tossed in a pile on the floor as they lie nude under just a sheet. It feels surreal, as if it is all part of a dream. This isnt the last time they will discuss this, it will come up again. There will be times Kylo stumbles, when he is flooded with self-doubt about Huxs words. But he trusts Hux, believes in him wholeheartedly. Loves him. If he hadnt, they would have never gotten this far. A shudder runs through him and he presses himself closer to Hux. The chaos of emotion has left, the high of orgasm has faded and in the quiet, Kylo feels guilt settle in on him like a leaden backpack, weighing him down. Threatening to crush him. Its okay, Hux whispers, his lips brushing against Rens forehead. The Knight says nothing, ashamed of his weakness, his faultiness. I am supposed to be the Master of the Knights of Ren. A Lord of Darkness, someone who takes without hesitation and yet here I am, cowed by my own mind, Kylo mutters in disdain. I should not be so weak, its pathetic. Youre not weak, Huxs voice sounds tired and pained. The arm that the General has wrapped around him tightens its grip. There are few beings who could have survived all that you have and come out with even a fraction of the life left in them that you have. You are not weak Kylo and you dont deserve all the hurt youve been through- Ive killed people- And so have I, Hux cuts him off and Ren sighs, idly tracing patterns with his fingers along the Generals flat, soft belly. Doing this...its hard, he murmurs. The guilt is pressing on him, so heavy the thinks it may choke him. He doesnt deserve this, not after all hes done. He hasnt nearly done enough penance to have earned such gentle touches. He isnt worthy! Hes tainted by Darkness! Unwanted! Filthy- No youre not, Huxs voice reaches him and Ren looks up at him, eyes wide. Had he been saying the words aloud? You are so laudable and you dont even see it, Kylo. You are so precious, you deserve such palmary  he sighes and Kylo presses his face against Huxs chest. I love you, Kylo. And I will give you all the kindness, all the bliss, pleasure and adoration I possess. I will tell you how deserving you are every day if I have to, until you believe it. Until it sticks and you not only believe it but know that its true. He hugs Kylo then and the Knight trembles. The words scare him a bit. To think something so radically different after so long, but he feels Huxs warmth. It glows from within him, the power of his conviction is stronger than when he speaks about the First Orders righteousness over that of the corrupted Republic. Ren knows that Hux believes this, knows that Hux will be unwavering in his dedication to this task. It is frightening to be so fiercely loved, and yet Kylo wants it more than anything else in the Galaxy. He feels a spark of warmth inside him and a whimper breaks from his throat. What is it Kylo? Hux asks. The Light, he whispers. I I feel it sometimes. Warm, like a tiny star in my chest. The feeling is still so alien to him that he doesnt quite know what to do with it at times. It comes and goes fleetingly, but always seems to be the most intense when he is close to Hux like this. Does does it hurt? Hux slides a hand along Kylos back, stroking him in a comforting gesture. ...No. But  It scares me, Ren pulls away, sitting up with a hand pressed against his chest. It the Light is warm. He looks at Hux, who is gazing at him with concern. Ive never felt that before. Ive always been cold, always been in the Dark. So the first time I felt the Light, he bites his lip and shakes his head. Never mind, its stupid. No, Hux tells him, sitting up and placing a hand over the one Kylo has on his chest. No its not Ren. Its important to you. Kylo gazes at him and then moves their hands so Huxs is pressed against the slight swell of his pectoral. Do you feel it too? That warmth? He asks quietly and Huxs eyes widen slightly as he nods. When did you first feel it? the General asks, not removing his hand. Kylo looks away, and then puts his hand over the one Hux has on his chest. Doing so helps to ground him, to center him. On Nilash, he admits quietly. When I thought you had drowned. Hux stiffens at this, licking his lips anxiously. What happened? he asks, though hes turned pale. Theyd never discussed Nilash outside of the official report, had never spoken of what had happened once they fell into the river. You werent breathing, Kylo tells him slowly. I couldnt get your heart to start again, nothing I did worked I thought Id lost you, it feels strange to finally tell Hux this. Its been nearly two years since then, but Kylo recalls it with stunning clarity. It was then that I felt the pull, the call of the Light. I didnt recognize it for what it was at first, he continues. I gathered it, focusing all of its energy and warmth and transferred it into you. And you started to breathe, to cough up water. I felt the Light, for the first time in my life, because I needed to save you, Kylo tells him, trying to drive the point home, however awkwardly, looking back at the General. You changed me, Hux. You gave me a reason to come back, gave me a reason to survive I  I guess sooner or later this was bound to happen. Kylo I  Hux for once is speechless and Kylo can sense his worry, his fear that somehow hes lead the Knight down a dangerous path. That he is the cause of some sort of terrible infliction on Kylo. Does Snoke know? he finally asks. Ren shakes his head. No. Not yet. The call, the pull of it is quiet and infrequent. I am still Darkness, so long as I do not give in, I am safe. Hux is frowning, making a confused expression and Kylo tilts his head. What? You hate yourself so much because of the pain that your Darkness causes you, for all that youve had to endure for being so strong in that part of the Force, and yet you fear the Light, you all but run away from it Hux moves his other hand, stroking patterns over the faint lines of muscle that are starting to return to Kylos torso. I guess because I am not Force Sensitive I cant really understand it? he sighs in frustration. But I want to, because its important to you. You matter to me, Kylo and so does this. Theyre both silent and Kylo isnt sure how to proceed. He doesnt know what to say, but then Hux speaks again, sliding both his hands to rest on Kylos knees as he does. Please, help me to understand? It takes some time, and they take early morning coffee as Kylo slowly talks. It takes a few tries, as he struggles to explain it. How hed only known Darkness, been afraid of it and himself but eventually embraced the Dark Side. It never let him down, it was constant and cold and dependable. It was never the Darkness itself that he hated, but the stigma that he had been branded with by his family for his connection to it. It was all the things that had happened to him because of his Darkness that had helped to warp his reality, to create the inconsistencies in how he perceived things. But no, the Dark Side itself was not the enemy. Was not the tainted curse, that was strictly a matter of how Ren perceived himself. Of what he had been told by everyone for years. This had taken a few tries to explain. The Dark Side was not what was filthy and foul, but actually Ren himself, because of his weakness and how hed been used. Hux had not liked this train of thought at all, hot rage leaking off of him as Ren made it sound so plain and obvious. He had promptly told Kylo that he was neither filthy, foul nor used. It was there that Kylo needed to pause, shaking a bit and overwhelmed. Even as he was explaining himself, Hux was insisting that he was better than that. He was turning the logic that Kylo had lived by his entirely life, upside down and on its head, poking holes in it. Insisting that Kylo was good no matter if it was Light or Dark that gave him power. It was overwhelming and finally Kylo had snapped at him to stop. Just just stop for now. I  I can only take so much, he held his head in his hands, his temples were throbbing intensely. He knew Hux meant well, that he said it because he cared, but Kylo could only hear so much. Could only handle so much and Hux spoke with ferocity and conviction that it made the Knight tremble. Im sorry, Hux told him, pulling close. Kylo let him and lay there, awkwardly cradled in the smaller mans arms. Im sorry, he whispered again. After a few minutes Kylo sat back up and continued to explain. His pain and his suffering over the years had given him incredible strength. And now his hatred, of both his Master and his mother, made him stronger in the Dark Side. It gave him hope that he would indeed finish the path that his grandfather had started down. That he would slay his Master, that he could be able to create a safe haven for those who followed Darkness. The Darkness was dependable, far more so than the Light. It was honest and true, where the Light was toted by those who were even further removed from reality than himself. It was self-righteous in the worst way and utterly disgusting how it was lauded over people. The Light was weak, temperamental. Although it had its uses, but it was with great caution that Kylo interacted with it. It only seemed to flare up around Hux, when they both were in dire straits or particularly emotional. So in a way I think that whatever has happened between us, he takes Huxs hand as he says this, giving it a squeeze. Has fostered the presence of the Light. My love for you encouraged it, gave it a foothold within me. It is frightening, but I think that perhaps, once this is all over, the Light and Dark dont need to be segregated. That they should be able to coexist. That it isnt a sheer line separating the two sides of the Force but shades of gray. That it it is okay to have parts of both. He looks at Hux then, suddenly afraid. Please dont ever tell my Master I said that! I would never betray you Kylo, Hux promises him as Millicent crawls between them, mewling for attention. And neither will Millie. Kylo smiles a bit at that and pets the kitten, scratching along her spine. She arches her back into it and headbutts Huxs hands. Thank you, Feidhelm. They end up tangled in each others arms, pressed close, kissing and lightly touching each other with a lazy tenderness that makes them both feel warm and flush. Millicent settles herself on the pillows above their heads, purring happily and without meaning to, the two men fall asleep again. They dont awaken until later that afternoon and Hux finds a message from Phasma on his datapad. It would seem that in the chaos, you forgot to mention to the crew that you were called away on an incredibly urgent personal matter. I have done so for you and let them know that you would return to your station later tonight or early tomorrow. I hope the matter is resolved without further issue. He smiles to himself and types her a message. I owe you. Thats five you owe me now. Her reply is almost instantaneous. When will we begin trooper training again? Rumors are starting to circulate that I am somehow distracting my fearsome husband from his duties. We can see about starting them after I return tomorrow. Hux writes back to her. Im sure your husband would be a most eager participant. Do not forget the event we have happening next week. Ive not forgotten, Ive found a dress and a holy woman, as you instructed. Excellent. Thank you for your assistance in this matter Captain, Ill tend to the rest. Hux sets his datapad aside and leans down, placing a kiss on Rens forehead and stroking Millicent once. The Knights eyes flutter open and he yawns blearily. Wha time ish it? he asks. Around 1600 hours, Hux tells him and Ren looks panicked. Its okay, Phasma covered for us. The Knight collapses back on the bed in relief and Hux strokes his hair for a few minutes, just enjoying the quiet and that there were no emergencies at the moment. Savoring those precious seconds of nothing having gone wrong yet. Kylo groaned and wriggled so his head rested on Huxs legs and pressed a kiss against the Generals stomach through the sheets, gazing up at him. Doing all right? Hux asked as he continued to stroke his lovers hair. Ren nodded. Just hungry. Well get some food shortly, I wanted to ask you something. Ren tenses slightly, his brow furrowing and Hux chuckles slightly. Youre going to wrinkle prematurely, he rubs his fingers over Rens brow to smooth out the lines. I was thinking that it was high time we start running simulations again. Our personal platoons are going to become lax if we dont. He watches Rens expression carefully. That is, if you feel comfortable- Yes! Kylo cuts him off like an overexcited child, sitting up as he does. Hux can feel the energy vibrating off the Knight, the Force manifesting itself in tiny shockwaves with the large man at its epicenter. Yes! When can we start again? Tomorrow night. Kylo leans up and kisses him excitedly, grinning from ear to ear. Also, Hux adds. Ive set things up for Mitakas wedding to happen next week. Some of the excitement leaves the Knight. Theyll be leaving after that, wont they? Yes, they have work to do. Just as we do. But Im going to need your help when the time comes, can I count on you? Of course! What can I do? --- There was an undeniable air of excitement in the simulation room. It had been months since all four of them had brought their platoons together to train. While Ren and Phasma had been honeymooning Hux and Mitaka had continued to work with their soldiers and with the sudden, dramatic appearance of Mitakas fiance and the rumor of a special, long-term mission for the young Lieutenant, the soldiers were craving some action. The question on every troopers mind, even if they didnt consciously realize it, was how the dynamic would change between their leaders. The few men and women who had seen glimpses of Ren and Phasma in recent weeks had reported to their fellows that the two were absolutely, terrifyingly in love. The kind of love that inspires dismemberment of anyone who speaks ill of their partner. But everyone seemed to be of the consensus that no one was better suited for the intimidating Lord Ren than the icy calm and stable Captain. After all, she had always been the one to step between the General and Knight during the worst of their arguments, and now it all made sense. Credits had changed hands as bets had been lost. Many had been certain that Ren wasnt actually capable of human emotion, and a few had even suspected that there had been something between Ren and Mitaka as the Knight had shown an unusual interest in taking the younger man under his wing when they had started training. Now the simulation room was packed with a hundred troopers who were eagerly awaiting their commanders, curious to see how everything played out. Hux arrived first, a stern expression on his face as he regarded the troopers and then split his platoon off from the larger group. The General didnt seem to be affected for better or worse by any of the romantic developments on the ship. He was content to ignore them and not get involved. The General was a man married to his work, to the glorious cause of the First Order and had no time for romantic endeavors or rumors about such things, not when there was a Republic to destroy and order to bring to the Galaxy. Several troopers swore that they overheard him saying: I dont care who Ren is fucking, as long as he stops destroying my ship. Ren and Phasma arrived together, a carefully measured amount of space between them. The Knight was in his usual robes and cowl, but lacked his mask tonight. His expression was one of focus and determination, although he looked slightly paler than he normally was. Phasma was in her full armor and cape. They left each others side without so much as a look or a word, going to their respective units. Lord Ren, congratulations! A few of the troopers told him as he came up to them. The Knight blinked, and stopped dead in his tracks, not having expected to be greeted in such a way by his troopers. Then he reached out through the Force and felt their overwhelming support. These were his men and women. They were loyal, dedicated and most surprisingly, happy for him. He almost smiled, fighting against the expression that wanted to spread across his face. Instead he smirked, the expression being distinctly darker, almost evil, rather than a playful one. Thank you, he acknowledge finally, voice low as he addressed them. There was a small growl to his speech as his expression became undeniably wicked . Now I expect nothing less than your usual enthusiasm as we continue our training. Do not let me down. Let us annihilate our opponents tonight. Mitaka arrived last, his fiance with him. Before he could even reach his platoon Ren had stepped in front of him. What is she doing here? This is not a place for civilians, the Knight growled, radiating displeasure. Considering our mission, sir, Mitaka said in a carefully measured tone. I thought it would be beneficial for her to be familiar with the workings of our troopers. Especially in the event that something should happen and I become incapacitated. The platoons have squad leaders within them but still need a proper leader. The General agreed, the Lieutenant lifted his chin slightly and Ren turned to fix a hateful glare at Hux. The redhead pointedly ignored him. Keep her out of the way, politicians dont belong on the battlefield, he snarled and stalked back to his platoon, seething. The Togruta gave the Knight a look of disdain, the grey fingers of her prosthetic hand touching the blaster that was strapped to her hip. She and Mitaka had been seen at the shooting range more and more as she adapted to the robotic limb replacement. The sole survivor of a massacre by the Resistance, they had wiped out her entire family: three generations of strong Imperial supporters. The Resistance had tortured her for information, broken her hands. How exactly she had come to be on the old Star Destroyer was a mystery still, but shortly after her arrival the General had sent a note of approval for the replacement of one of her hands with a robotic prosthetic. While it was curious that only one of her limbs was replaced, the Togruta had not seemed bothered by it and carried herself with a defiant grace despite her shorter stature. Now she moved to the sidelines after lightly touching the Lieutenants arm and giving him a smile. The General turned from his own platoon to address the room as a whole. Mitaka youre against Phasma first tonight. Ren, against me, his voice was brisk, all business. Focus on speed, not kill count for this round. Take out your opposing teams leader as quickly as you can. They run ten matches that night: a speed focus, accuracy focus, stealth and then Hux puts them all through several new formations and maneuvers. Their practice ends with bruises, blaster burns and Hux narrowly escaping a haircut by Kylo throwing his lightsaber in a particularly deadly fashion as their troopers clash. Theyre sweaty and tired when Hux calls for an end to the practice and dismisses everyone except Mitakas troopers. Phasma heads to the gym and interestingly enough Mitaka and Ashara stop to speak to Ren in the hall. The Knight is frowning as they talk, clearly disagreeing with whatever they are saying. Some sort of agreement is reached and the three of them move to another, unoccupied simulation room. The Knights lightsaber crackles to life as he walks to the center of the room, keeping his back to the couple. Then Ashara pulls her blaster and fires at him. He whirls, throwing a hand up and catching the bolt mid-air, suspending it for several seconds before flinging his arm to the side and sending the bolt flying off into the wall. You could have kept firing you know, he tells her idly. It is a bit discerning to shoot at an ally, she tells him with a frown. The Resistance will lie to you. Try to trick you. They wont care about who your allies are. If you encounter one of their Force Sensitives you must be ready and willing to be merciless. If you cannot be, then you will die. Quickly, Ren shrugs, pacing and flipping his lightsaber about in one hand as he did. If you wish to be of use to the Order, my Lady, it would behoove you to let go of such restraint. Now fire. Again! The politician lets out a short breath of frustration and then opens fire. This time she doesnt stop. Ren jumps back slightly, lightsaber coming up to block her shots. He deflects them, but her rate of fire, while not the most accurate in the world, is rapid and pushing him back. Her slightly off-center shots forcing him to give up ground and be mindful of his extremities. As he backs up, Mitaka pulls out his blaster and starts to fire. Ren barely has time to glare at him before Lieutenant and politician start to move forward. It isnt a straight rush, instead they leapfrog their way forward. They pause slightly in their shooting, alternating as they advance, their path weaving slightly as they move forward. The Knight grunts at the onslaught of blaster fire, his hands buzzing now as his lightsaber vibrates and sends sparks into the air from every blast he deflects from the added force of Mitakas direct shots. The Lieutenants blaster, while it has a slightly slower in its fire rate, carries heavier rounds than the Togrutas and takes more focus for the Knight to deflect. The Knight has to admit to himself that he underestimated them, perhaps the little politician is more able to defend herself than she let on. Mitaka is no sharp shooter like Hux, but he is good enough and it is clear that Ashara has learned well from him. Finally Ren calls for them to halt and the blaster fire ceases. Hes pouring sweat and panting heavily as he deactivates his lightsaber as the couple holsters their blasters. There is a chance that I underestimated you, he tells them, wiping sweat from his brow. Good work, both of you. Mitaka practically glows at the praise and Ashara grins happily. Also, Ren says, grinning a bit as he approaches them. Hux has your wedding ceremony scheduled for next week. ---- Are you nervous? Mitaka turned at looked at the Knight, surprised by the question. What do you mean? Youre about to be bound to this woman for life, unless the terms of your marriage arrangement have negotiated otherwise? The Knight tilted his head curiously. He was perched on the countertop of the break room watching the Lieutenant as he finished dressing for the ceremony. Not that there was much to change, it was his standard uniform, perhaps a bit more polished. It was early in the morning, or late at night, depending on how one looked at it, just barely after 0200 hours and here they were in the unused break room in the lower level of the Star Destroyer. There was an old, unused and extremely generic worship room on that level as well. The Empire had apparently taken into consideration their volunteer army was made up of all sorts of species and had included these discreet little rooms on their warships for those who felt the need to commune with a higher power. There was something about the secrecy of this all that felt a bit like a scandal to Mitaka, but nerves certainly werent playing into it. Im not worried about being bound to her, he told the Knight. Weve known each other for so long that this just seems right. Its almost a relief really, as if its a long time coming. He smiled to himself. If anything Im happy. It is a bit surreal, after thinking about it for so long, knowing that it is finally here. There was a giddiness that was making his stomach feel like there were worms crawling around in it. He opened the small box that held his grandmothers ring. It has a simple elegance to it: a slightly tarnished, silver colored metal with a white crystal in its center. Around the edges of the crystal are four fleur-de-lis, two larger ones connect into the band, while two smaller ones create false points around the circular crystal, giving the outline of the ring a slightly diamond shape. The band itself has tiny raised dots of silver that get progressively smaller as they run down the tips of the fleur-de-lis until they disappear at the center of the bottom of the ring. Kylo is watching him closely, his expression unusually thoughtful. Finally he speaks again. I hope you two are able to find happiness. You deserve it, the Knights voice sounds strained and Mitaka glances at him as he closes the ring box and tucks it into his uniform pocket. You think so? he asks quietly. If anyone in this Galaxy does, it is you two, the Knight looks like he wants to say more in this vein, but doesnt. Instead he looks at Mitaka and offers him a smile. Not a smirk or maniacal grin, but a true smile, one he usually reserves for only Hux. Im happy for you. For both of you and Im going to miss you two. Terribly. Mitaka feels something inside him ache at those words. That was right, he and Ashara would be gone for years on this mission. It felt strange to think about that, to leave behind the life hed adapted to on the ship. To leave behind the close-knit group of friends that hed found himself a part of. Well send you holo-cards, he promises Ren, smiling back at him. And well be back before you know it. He hesitates for a long minute and then walks over to the Knight and without prompting, hugs him. Its a bit awkward, Ren is already taller than he is and with him perched on the counter it is downright comical. But the Knight instantly opens to the gesture, looping his long arms around the Lieutenant and hooking his chin over the smaller mans shoulder. It is this moment, coupled with a heavy sigh from Ren that reminds Mitaka of how strange and lonely the Knight is. While the Lieutenant doesnt feel guilty about leaving for the mission, he hopes that Ren will be all right. The Knight has made remarkable progress in his recovery. He has been seen more and more around the ship in the past week, a testament to how far hes come and how much hed endured for the Lieutenants sake. Take good care of her and yourself, understand Dopheld? Ren whispers tightly, his eyes squeezing shut as he hugs the smaller man. Dont let the Resistance take her from you ever again. I wont, Mitaka assures him. Shes worth fighting for. The Order is worth fighting for. You and Hux prepared me for this. I wont fail. Well come back, triumphant. I promise you Kylo. --- Hux knocked on the door to the meeting room. Phasma was inside helping Ashara get into her dress, they were just down the hall from the breakroom that Ren and Mitaka had just left to go to the small, non-descript chapel where the priestess was waiting. Lady Ashara, are you decent? he called through the door. It slid open a moment later as Phasma let him in. A quick glance around the taller woman found Ashara in the gown that the Stormtrooper Captain had found. The sleeveless garment was made of a soft white satin and Saava silk. It had a very modest sweetheart bustline that was accented by embroidered sequins in a curling pattern along the edge of it and larger, teardrop shaped crystals just below that. There were other round crystals scattered bought the body of the dress making a subtle mountain pattern that follows the fabric of the dress as it flared out into the bottom of the gowns A-line hem. Around her neck was a necklace fashioned of Harterran moonstone in the shape of a flower. Ashara looked like she was almost about to cry, her fingers both mechanical and flesh, moved over the garment as she turned round and round in it, watching it float out around her in awe. Lady Ashara, Hux nods at her, setting the box he had brought with him down on the meeting room table. The Togruta doesnt look up at him, she is still mesmerized by the gown. Ill finish with her Phasma, go join the others. Phasma picks her helmet up and claps her hand onto Huxs shoulder, giving it a squeeze before she exits, leaving the two of them in the room alone. Is it to your liking? Hux asks Ashara quietly. You have done so much for Dopheld and I, she looks up at him, her expression one of undeniable joy. How can we ever repay you? This This is too much General. Do not worry yourself about such things, Hux offers her his hand and leads her to sit in one of the chairs at the table. Once she is still he opens the box and carefully unwraps several layers of tissue paper. General? The Togruta asks, humming curiously as she watches. Every bride needs a veil, this was my mothers Hux says quietly as he lifts the item out of the tissue paper. Ashara gasps and starts to protest, her normal eloquence slipping away in her excitement and the emotion of the occasion. Oh Hux! No! No, no, no I cant accept this! I cant take this from you! No, not something of your mothers, it wouldnt be right! Hux waits until she falls silent again before he continues. This was my mothers, he repeats, carefully opening up the sheer silk fabric. It isnt an exceptionally long veil, it goes down just to the small of the wearers back. Its edges are embroidered with lace flowers and vines that run deep into the rest of the veil. At the top of the material was not a comb, but a string of crystals and pearls that were stitched together to mimic the lace edging with a large marquise cut crystal hanging at the center of the piece. Before my mother had it, it was my grandmothers. She Hux doesnt finish the thought as he carefully lays the silk over the top of Asharas montrals, careful to ensure that the delicate material does not snag on the pointed edges of her horns. Anyway, he gives himself a small shake and she sees that his hands are trembling as he works.  I look absolutely dreadful in it. My forehead is far too narrow for the crystal band and it simply slides right off, he offers her a humorous smile, trying to ease some of her distress. Hux, she whispers quietly. Surely you have family, sisters, cousins. I-I cant accept this! The General crouches in front of the chair she is sitting in, pausing in his arranging of the veil. I have no family left Lady Ashara, he tells her quietly, his hands lightly resting over hers that she has tightly clasped in her lap. My mother was an only child, and she has long since passed away. I have no siblings. He pauses, and then reaches up, gently touching her face, brushing away a tear that has escaped her eyes. If anything, I consider you and Dopheld part of my family now, just as I do Kylo and Phasma. So please, would you do me the great honor of wearing this veil and standing by Dophelds side? She is silent for a long minute, using the time to gather herself and then she slowly nods. It is the greatest honor General, to be considered part of your family. I cannot thank you enough for all of this. Hux just smiles at her and then stands. Ashara sits stock-still as he continues to set the veil in place. He arranges the material so the large gem and pearl at the center of the forehead band rests just between her eyes at the top of her nose. Then he gathers the rest of the lace and brings it forward, letting it hang over her shoulders so the sheer material covers them slightly and shows off the lace. Hux picks up a mirror and offers it to her. With trembling hands Ashara takes it and gazes at her reflection. Slowly she puts it down, breathing hard and brushing more tears away. In this moment theyre both ridiculously thankful that make up had not entered the emotional equation of this wedding. This is the start of the rest of your lives, Hux tells her, offering her his hand to help her stand and straightening out the train of her dress and adjusting the back of the veil. Go forward in happiness. In joy. May I ask one thing of you General? she looks at him. What is it? Hux stops fussing with the dress and straightens. Would you in turn do me the honor of walking me down the aisle? Her black eyes meet his green ones as the magnitude of her request makes itself known to him. I have no family as well General. No father to give me away to my betrothed, would you be so kind? She holds her robotic hand out to him, palm down and slightly curved. Lady Ashara, he takes her hand in his with a smile and rests it on his arm. I fear we will out do each other in our attempts to be honorable. Let us not keep your Lieutenant waiting. --- Mitaka shifted slightly. He wasnt nervous, he refused to be, but his palms were sweating in his leather gloves. Behind them at the small altar the priestess lit a cone of strong smelling incense and the room started to fill with a steady stream of smoke. Cardamom, the priestess hissed in guttural Basic in Mitakas ear. Too soothe anxieties and keep you and your bride young in body and heart. It was a small comfort and he was thankful for it. It was Ren who saw them first. In their small company the Knight didn't bother to even try to hide his awe at the sight of Hux and Ashara. His jaw dropped and he nudged Mitaka to look down to the entrance of the small chapel. Mitaka turned and put his hands over his mouth at the sight. The Togruta had her arm linked in Huxs as the General, in full uniform, greatcoat and all, escorted her down the very small aisle of the chapel. Ashara seemed to glow, not just from the white of her gown or the crystals and pearls. She was smiling, her eyes bright with happiness and when they met Mitakas the Lieutenant felt tears well up in his eyes. This was real, he was actually getting married to the girl hed loved for so long! There was no music, no whispering of relatives in the pews. Just the breathing of the handful of people in the room. They had never discussed formal wedding plans, that had always been something that was going to be handled by their parents. Mitaka wasnt even sure what rite the alien priestess would perform, but the incenses smoke was calming and soothing his worries away. Hux and Ashara stood before them. The General turned to the Togruta, leaning forward and kissing her once on each cheek. Then Hux turned to him, taking Asharas hand and passing it to Mitaka. I give her to you now. To hold, treasure, protect and honor. Then the General stepped back, and Ren did as well. They moved to stand, one on the either side of Phasma. The formalities didnt matter so much, Mitaka realized as he grasped Asharas hands and she turned towards him, taking her place on the small altar. Even if it wasnt something grand in scale with flowers and music and elaborate rituals. Even if it was just them, just this tiny, closely knit group that had been through so much together. This was more than enough. This was... Perfect. Youre so beautiful, Mitaka whispered to Ashara and she smiled. At their side the priestess was moving about, murmuring an incantation and various blessings. As the priestess worked, Ren glanced over at Hux and, careful to keep his hand behind Phasmas back and out of sight, he reached out to Hux. The General glanced at him and then reached out, brushing their fingers together until Ren linked them. Ren smiled at him. Theyre beautiful together, arent they? the Knight mused at him through the Force. Hux smiled, silently agreeing and giving Kylos hand a squeeze and they both looked back at the ceremony. Do the engaged have any words or trinkets they wish to exchange? the priestess asked. Dopheld, Ashara murmured, giving his hand a tight squeeze. Words cannot describe how much you mean to me. You who came to my aid, who has been by my side and suffered so much for me. And now, her voice wobbles and Mitaka reaches out brushing away the tears that start to fall from her eyes, even as he too starts to cry. We are about to start the greatest journey of our lives together. I love you, Dopheld Mitaka, my Lieutenant. My brave soldier. Mitaka swallowed heavily and released her hands so he could reach into his pocket and pulled out the small ring box. Ashara gasped, Doph- The Lieutenant smiled and open the box, taking out the ring. Ashara offered out her right hand, slowly stretching out the warped and mangled joints. I want to feel your ring on my skin, she murmured. I cant do that on the prosthetic. Mitaka took her hand, kissing it gently and then slipping the silver ring on her hand. Ashara, I love you, Mitaka breathed. You gave me hope when I had none, inspiration when I felt my will weaken and kindness when I feared my heart would break, he took a deep breath and continued. His voice steady, confident, because this was finally happening. He was finally marrying her and he could say this now. Finally, he had the confidence to say it. You, the girl I grew up playing games with, blossomed into a beautiful, articulate woman. I loved you since we were children and when I left for the academy I feared that we would be strangers when I returned to you. But we weren't. You were still so kind, so patient and even more breathtaking when I saw you after being away for those first few awful years, he swallowed, smiling through his own tears as he reached out again to brush hers away as she covered her mouth with her robotic hand in small amazement at his speech. I did not think it was possible, but I fell even more in love with you. You became my rock, my motivation, to not only better myself but to create a better galaxy. To mold a place of peace and order where we could be happy. I have never stopped thinking about you, about what our future might hold. My heart has been yours for years, from that moment you first kissed me under the grosa tree. From that moment I told myself I would do anything for you and your happiness, no matter what the cost. And now, he took another breath, his heart racing in his chest. The world, the entire Galaxy has just narrowed down to only himself and her. This moment is all that matters. Now I swear by the Maker and all the other deities that may be listening, I will be your fierce guard, your adoring partner, and valiant protector of both you and your honor. That I will stand steadfast by your side and I will never stop loving you. The Resistance may kill me, the galaxy may burn to ash or crumble into dust, but I will always love you, Ashara. Silence follows this and the priestess utters a few other words, clapping her hands and beseeching the deities to bless the couple before them. Finally she finished and placed a hand on Mitakas shoulder and one on Asharas. I now pronounce you: bonded to each other for this life and all the lives you may yet lead. Go forth, with joy and love young ones. May the Maker bless you. Mitaka pulled the Togruta into his arms, dipping her back and kissing her. The holy woman stepped back, clapping her hands twice and turning away to let them have their moment. She bowed to the trio of commanders standing at the side. Hux and Kylo straightened, quickly dropping each others hands from where they were hidden behind Phasmas back. The two men blinked rapidly and looking away for a moment as they tried to look like they hadnt been just as moved by the Lieutenants vow. Even Phasma could be heard sniffling slightly from beneath her helmet. Thank you for your service, Hux told the priestess. She nodded and set about cleaning up the altar. Mitaka and Asharas kiss broke and they looked back at their friends. Come, Hux told them, his voice soft and a small smile on his face. Your platoon is waiting to congratulate you. The couple looked surprised but followed Hux out of the chapel, with Ren and Phasma in tow. As soon as the doors slid open to the hall, the General stepped aside, motioning for Mitaka and Ashara to go through first. Congratulations! the roar of Mitakas platoon greeted them as the newly wed couple stepped out of the room, hand in hand. Hux smiled as the two were swarmed with well wishes from the Lieutenants Stormtroopers, giving them a few minutes before clearing his throat and glancing at Ren and Phasma. Let us move this celebration to Simulation Room Three, it will provide a much better area for such jubilation. --- Later that morning, as the excitement was coming to a close, Mitaka approached Hux. The General was speaking quietly with Ren and Phasma as the last of the Stormtroopers left the small reception Hux had arranged. Thank you, General. Being able to do this has meant so much to both of us, Mitaka told him. Hux and Ren glanced at each other, as if sharing a private thought and then Hux looked at the shorter man. Of course Dopheld. This is the sort of thing you do for those you care about after all. Didnt I tell you? We look after our own, the General is smiling more than Mitaka can remember seeing him smile. Now go get some rest, your poor bride looks exhausted, he nodded to Ashara as she came to join them. Go to bed, take care of her. Well discuss your final departure date after you two have had some time to recover. Good night General, Ashara nodded to them as she took Mitakas hand. Lord Ren, Captain. Good night, Lady Ashara Mitaka. --- The little backwater cantina was crowded and noisy. Just the way he liked it, because the louder and more rowdy the patrons were, the easier it was for him to find a nice quiet corner and enjoy a drink. It also made it quite a bit harder for the people who he owed money to find him. So when a woman clad in solid black fatigues slid into the side of the booth across from him, Han Solo reached for his blaster. Years of having bounties on his head made the motion reflexive, one done as naturally as blinking. Next to him Chewbacca growled at the woman. Her eyes were cold and emotionless and surprisingly green, given her darker complexion. Her head was clean shaven under a military styled cap and her lips were tightly pressed together, as if she was holding back from scolding someone. The woman did not move once she had sat down and Han raised an eyebrow curiously. Im not really a sucker for ladies in uniform, so if youre looking for a customer Im not him, he told her, not taking his hand of his blaster, even though he was careful to keep his posture calm and relaxed. The woman tilted her head, studying him intently. You are Han Solo are you not? Captain of the Millennium Falcon? Once General to the Rebellion? Depends on whos looking for him. Han gave her a wry grin and she frowned. You are a hard man to find, her expression tightened further. I have a message for you. Do you now? Hans interest was piqued. Yes, she reached into her jacket and Han slid his blaster out of his holster, ready should she pull out a weapon. To his relief she did not. But instead she presented him with a crumpled envelope, sliding it across the table to him. Whats this? He asked suspiciously. There was no way that someone had actually gone and written him a letter, let alone paid to have this strange woman deliver it to him. It was too surreal. Your message. There were no marks on the envelope that might indicate a sender and as Han tore it open the woman stood to leave. Chewie however grabbed her arm and forced her back down into the seat with a warning growl. No, you stay until I know what this message is and who it is from, Han said as he pulled out the paper that was inside. I only had orders to deliver the message. I do not know its contents, the woman glared at the Wookie. Who gave you the orders? Han asked, eyes scanning the message. I cannot say. Han was silent for a few seconds as he read and reread the short letter. He frowned and glanced back up at the woman. Chewie, let her go. The Wookie made a series of groans and grunts that suggested it was unwise to do so, but let her go. The woman stood and left without so much as a look back. The Wookie leaned over, glancing at the paper. It was written in an elegant, and tightly compacted cursive style, which was almost as much rarity as the handwritten note itself was. There was not much to the note, it was short and terse, as if the person who had written it had been under great duress. Han felt his throat go dry as he read it, again, slowly this time. Han Solo, I know our last meeting was inopportune and ended unfortunately and that you have no reason to trust anything I say, but please, I have no one else to turn to. You son is in trouble. He is suffering and in great pain. I cannot help him. He needs his family, he needs to be kept safe from both Snoke and the Resistance. I fear that if Snoke discovers what has been done to him, it may be the end of your son, and to hand him over to the Resistance would equally cruel. So I turn to you. I beg of you. Please. Do not abandon him. If you are willing to uphold the promise you made in the pit of that Resistance base, then enter the code below into a long range scanner. It is for a tracker that I have placed on his person, it will lead you to the Star Destroyer that he is currently aboard. If this is to succeed it requires tact on both our parts. Do not do anything rash, please, for the sake of your son. There was no signature. No identifying mark. But the letter itself told Han that this could only be from the red haired man hed encountered that night when hed gone to try and smuggle Ben out of the base. He sat there in small disbelieve for a long time. Who was this man? More importantly, what had happened to Ben? What had they done to his son? And why was the redhead so damn insistent on keeping Ben away from the Resistance? The letter only gave him more questions than it did answers. Slowly Han leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table and his head in his hands. How had this all gone so wrong? Why? Why for the love of the Maker had his son been so strongly drawn to the Dark Side? Where had he and Leia gone so wrong as parents that their only child would be lured over to it so easily? Leia. He really should contact her. Tell her about this. He looked at the letter again, recalling how the younger man had pleaded with him in that cell. Begged him, at the point of tears even to not let the the General of the Resistance get a hold of the Force-user. What did he know that Han did not? What had Leia not told him? What this a trap? Some clever First Order trick? No. No he didnt think so. For starters he wasnt dead from their first encounter. And he truly believed that the pale redhead cared about Ben. The kid had seemed terrified and it matched up with what Ben had told Leia on Nilash. So perhaps perhaps this really was his chance to get his son back. Hans mind started to race. The letter had not said what exactly was wrong with Ben, which lead the smuggler to believe that it was not a matter so simple as a physical injury. The kid who had written the letter was desperate and frightened. This was a last resort. Getting his son back was going to require every bit of caution and causal flying that he possessed. If he could get Ben back, they could help him. Somehow. Perhaps Luke? Luke would be able to help, certainly. Luke could help him pull Ben away from whatever Darkness Snoke had ensnared his mind in. Theyd stupidly missed all the signs before, none of them having ever actually witness the fall to the Dark Side first hand, they had only ever seen its after effects. But now. now they could fix it. They could fix Ben. Make him better and heal him. Perhaps even be a proper family again, if given enough time. He was getting ahead of himself here, Han had no idea what sort of steps they needed to take. He wasnt Force-Sensitive, but he would be there for his son through this process, that the smuggler swore to himself. Luke had described the Dark Side like a powerful drug, one that made you feel invincible, powerful and left you craving more and more. Pulling you downwards into a chaotic spiral until it corrupted you entirely, as dark power was prone to doing. They would have to intervene, would have to going through a nasty sort Force-detox process, just as one might do for a dreamdust addict, if such a thing existed. Together he and Luke would have to wake Ben up, show him that whatever allure the Dark Side might have was a lie that would destroy him. If they could do that they could save him. But first, Han had to get Ben away from the First Order and if this redhead was really willing to help. If he truly loved Ben that much... Get the Falcon ready Chewie. Were going to get my son back. --- It was early in the morning. Or at least whatever the standard clock defined as morning. Such things really didnt exist when one was on a Star Destroyer and constantly hopping between systems. Kylo Ren stifled a yawn. Hed found that hed become more and more prone to the gesture since his rescue. The habit was disquieting, and he worried that it was a sign of weakness, of his resolve crumbling. Just as eating was. Just as sleeping was. Weakness. Further proof that he was unworthy, that he was a useless blighted thing that crumbled so easily. His Master would be so ashamed of how pathetic he was. Of how easily he had given in to gentle touches, food and the promise of warmth. Of how he took such joy in lying in Huxs arms with Millicent sprawled across them both, taking up an enormous amount of space for such a tiny creature. Joy. Now that was something he didnt deserve. Something that a monster like himself could never earn, no matter how much he endured. No, he told himself sharply. No. Hux said it wasnt! Hux said it was okay to need... Ren took a slow breath in, counting to five and then letting it out for another five counts. It made some of the anxiety go away. Not all of it, but some of it. Just breathe. All he needed to do was focus on breathing. He closed his eyes, recalling the redheads words. His touch against Kylos body as hed whispered them. The words were hard to believe, but when coupled with the soft kisses, the stroking of his hair and the warm comfort of being held so close, they took on a sort of undeniable reality, even if just for a few hours. And bit by bit the words had started to sink in. It was difficult, painful at times and made Kylo anxious as the conflicting mentalities warred within his mind. He let out another slow breath, forcing himself to focus on the present and looked at the hanger. There were two small shuttles that had been prepped to leave, loaded with supplies and weaponry. The Stormtroopers were already aboard, Hux and Phasma both having given them speeches on how important this mission was. How vital it was that the First Lieutenant and his new wife be protected at all costs and how proud they were to have worked with and trained such fine troopers. The Knight had stayed silent as they had spoken. Kylo wasnt one for speeches, the energy among the troopers had been that of excitement and determination. They were loyal and had thrived so well under the Generals personal guidance. They worked well with Mitaka and respected him. Ren was certain that the smaller man and his wife were in good hands. The couple in question were currently saying their farewells to Hux and Phasma. Mitaka was beaming and Ashara was humming, Kylo could feel their own excitement, laced with a small bit of fear. A healthy amount, Ren decided. If they werent afraid they would be fools. They were risking their lives for what they were about to do. There was no guarantee of safe return. I know youll both do well, Hux put a hand on Mitakas shoulder. I expect a report every month detailing your progress, as we discussed. Yes sir! Be mindful, the Resistance is everywhere. Dont be caught unawares, Hux cautioned sternly. He sounded like an overly concerned parent, Ren thought. It was enduring to see his lover place this trust in them. To see him care about them. Take care of yourselves, understand? He looked between the Togruta and human. I know youll do well. Youll inspire so many. If anyone can make the people see the truth, it will be you two. We will not fail you General, Ashara nodded. Do not worry. It isnt your ability that I worry about. I place my full faith in it, Hux allowed himself to smile faintly and Ren feels the swell of pride from the General at how far Dopheld has come. How much he has grown and flourished. There is a grateful hindsight in Huxs mind. Hes glad that hed not allowed his emotions to control him and blind him half a year ago when hed thought Mitaka had betrayed them. Gratefulness to Kylo as well for once having been the more logical one in their relationship. Thank you Hux, Mitaka says quietly. That means more than you know. The two men clasp each others arms at the inside of the elbow briefly and then separate. The General takes Asharas robotic hand and kisses it. Be well, my Lady. I have Dopheld with me and his most excellent troops. I could not imagine a better place to be, she hums as they part. The couple turns to the Knight then. Mitaka speaks first. Lord Ren, thank you. If it werent for you, for your insight, we wouldnt be here. We owe you so much, we wont let you down! I know you wont, Ren allows himself to smile tiredly. We both have learned from each other. The smile on Mitakas face makes everything that Ren has endured in these past few months worth it. To see the joy and hope there. To see the belief that there is a better future awaiting all of them. In that moment the dream of the house and the garden that Kylo sees in his Force Visions feels more real than ever. There is hope for them. For this strange little family that theyve created amidst the violence of war. Thats what friends do for each other, Mitaka tells him softly, offering his hand and arm out to Kylo. The Knight takes it, grasping Mitakas arm at the elbow as Hux did, only he pulls the Lieutenant close to him and wraps his other arm around him, hugging him tightly as he presses their foreheads together. I would say at this point were even my friend, Ren murmured to him. Mitaka grasps his shoulder tightly with his free hand and Kylo feels him tremble with emotion. Thank you, he whispers. They stay like that for a long minute and then slowly step apart. Ren turns to Ashara and she offers him a low bow. Keep our General and Captain safe, Ashara murmurs as she straightens from the bow. I look forward to our joyful, victorious reunion, Lord Ren. As do I, Lady Ashara. Then the Togruta steps forward, rises up on her tiptoes and places a gentle kiss on Kylos cheek. Hes surprised by the tender gesture, but not displeased and a blush colors his face. Be well, Kylo Ren, she hums softly in his ear. She takes a few steps back and she and Mitaka join hands, their fingers linking together. It will be years before they see each other again. This campaign will be long and will test them in ways that they never could have anticipated. They board the shuttle and the engines come to life and then the second shuttle starts up. The two small ships take off, leaving the hanger and flying out into space. The trio left behind watches them go until the pull of the jump to lightspeed removes them from view entirely. Kylo stands there for a long time, gazing out at the stars. Hux and Phasma stand at either side of him, not rushing him, not speaking or touching him, but there for him all the same. Finally the Knight moves. I have some things I need to tend to, excuse me, he gives Phasma a nod and then reaches out through the Force and gently caresses the Generals face. Hux looks almost startled by the sudden, invisible, though tender touch. Ren can feel the Generals concern, but the Knight silently assures him through the Force that he will be fine. Hux worries anyways. The General is good at doing that, even as he keeps his expression passive. Kylo doesnt linger there any longer. He needs to meditate. To clear his mind, this parting of the ways pulls at him in a painful way that he wasnt expecting. He needs to focus himself, to continue his own rebuilding of his walls and regaining of strength. There is a still a long way to go, and while at the moment he feels stable , he also feels incredibly unsettled. There is something tickling at the back of his mind that makes him wary and sets his teeth on edge. He has to be ready for whatever this new danger is. It is vague and feels far away, but that is the danger of it. Kylo knows just how quickly that distance can close and bring whatever distant threat is out there right up to their doorstep. He doesnt know what is worse, the waiting or the not knowing. If there is a way he can circumvent one of them, then the damage will not be quite so bad. The Knight makes his way to the atrium of the old Star Destroyer and settles himself on the floor in the center of it. He marvels for a moment at how quiet it is and how very, very vast the space is outside the large windows. Calmness fills him in a way he hasnt felt in some time, and he straightens his back, letting his hands rest in his lap as he continues to gaze out into the array of countless stars before him. A sense of his own mortality grips him suddenly. Bone-chillingly cold and it makes him gasp softly, but Ren drinks it in, embracing it. His goal is not to live forever, like some of the Sith of the past have dreamed of. No he doesnt want that, and cant understand why anyone would. If anything, he just wants peace. It is a selfish wish, because he doesnt even care about there being peace in the Galaxy, that is its own problem to work out. No Kylo Ren just wants peace for himself and his own. For nearly three years he has served the First Order. He remembers the day he first met Hux and it feels like it was decades ago. They arent even properly at war. Theyre mere ants, simply annoying the much larger and more dangerous creature that is the New Republic. For all Huxs efforts at reforming the First Order, at pushing forward new ideas, they remain painfully stagnant, neither growing, nor evolving. Such odds take their tolls eventually. And demand exact change at that. Kylo is acutely aware of how minute he is in the face of the Galaxy and all beyond it. It is humbling to be reminded of it. Of how small he is. How small they all are. Even Hux for all his grand designs and dreams of overthrowing the Republic, is but a speck against a much greater canvas. A single drop of paint. Kylo is certain that the General would not appreciate that thought very much, but it is undeniable. Even if the First Order grows to be a fraction of the strength that the Separatist Army was during the Clone Wars, they are vastly outnumbered. Would it be so bad to run away from it all? The Knight entertains the idea, almost smiling to himself. Would any of them even be able to function outside of a military setting? Somehow, Ren doubts it. He is certain that Hux and their friends would never abandon the Order. They care too deeply about it, are too invested in it. Briefly, and not for the first time, Ren wonders why? His own ignorance of politics and apathy towards it makes him feel unfit to ask the question, simply because he knows cannot appreciate the answer. Then again, after seeing what his mother allowed the Resistance to do to Ashara, after what they did to him , perhaps the idea that the system is entirely rotten is not an invalid one. He cannot say that he finds fault in the the idea that under the layers of bureaucratic red tape and fake smiles there is something foul and festering. Like a gangrene wound that has simply had a colorful bacta patch placed over it. Ren closes his eyes, feeling rage slowly start to bubble up from within his gut. He takes hold of the ice cold emotion and feels it ripple out from him in a wave. He is angry at his mother for letting this happen. For permitting such torture. They can think him a beast for slaughtering Lukes other apprentices, but what he did was a mercy compared to what Ematt put his test subjects through. That someone from within the Senate was paying to have this done made it all the worse. Kylo swallows heavily, his fury almost choking him with its intensity. He will never forgive her. The corruption of politicians he accepted easily. As a child hed seen credits exchange hands, favors traded for support of motions. No one ever considered the little boy with eyes too wide and ears too big. Hell half of them had thought him some sort of deaf-mute, he never spoke when his mother had dragged him to the Senate meetings. But he knew without a doubt that few of the Senators actually cared about their people. It was all a game to them. Power, wealth, and whatever else they could get their hands on. But Leia Organa should have been better than that. She was supposed to be better than that! She was Force-Sensitive herself! How could she endorse such awful things, let alone take the money from foul politicians! The shattering of the pedestal he had always put his mother on fills him with sorrow that feeds into his anger. It is with a heavy heart that he realizes he hates her for this. It was bad enough to be cast aside, thrown away like some defective machine. To be told that what he was, that the power he had finally discovered how to use was wrong . In turn he himself was wrong. His very existence a smear on the family, because he was like his grandfather. He was dangerous. A creature to be de-fanged and de-clawed, locked away where no one could find him. Kylo sucked in a sharp breath, blinking rapidly. His heart was racing and he took several quick breaths, trying to steady himself. Focus. He must focus his rage. His hatred. If he cannot focus, if he is sloppy, then he truly is no better than a beast. He must be controlled in his rage, in his strength. He must be everything they said he could not be because of his following of the Dark Side. He would show her. Show them all. He and his Darkness was just as valid as their precious Light! He would become stronger than Vader, he would destroy his Master. His Master. Snoke. Supreme Leader. Kylo grit his teeth. At this moment, he wasnt sure who he hated more, the ancient monster or the mother who had rejected him. For a moment Kylo entertained a fantasy. Running his lightsaber through the withered old creature, and then turning to his mother, seeing her finally accept him. Feeling her embrace him and tell him she was so sorry for having pushed him away. For all that hed gone through. That she loved him, missed him. That it was all right, he didnt have to hide away anymore. Her acceptance, he imagined, would feel like warm rain. As if the heavens had burst open from the power of her love. Kylo blinked, moving one of his hands to push away the tears that were burning at the corners of his eyes. It was an idle thought. Useless. His mother would never accept him, her position was clear after shed allowed him to be experimented on like some sort of beast. She was as firm in her condemnation of the Dark Side as his uncle was. He wondered, briefly, why he didnt hate Luke Skywalker as much. The man had been distant, not unkind, but negligent and simply did not listen, no matter how many times Kylo had tried to explain to him what was happening inside his head. Ben Solo had just been a problem child. No one had wanted him. At least no one who cared. But, there was a small glimmer of hope. His father his father had come back to him. Han Solo had never pretended to understand the Force, preferring blasters and credits, things that he could see and feel, to the mysticism that surrounded his brother-in-law and by extension the woman he married. What Han Solo had understood was that Vader had been powerful and deadly. Han had suffered at the Sith Lords hands, his fear was understandable. Ren could see this now that he was older. It only made sense for Han Solo, a man ignorant to the Force, to be wary of it, especially the Dark Side. And yet he had come for Kylo. Had promised Hux that he would keep Ren safe. That he would take Ren away from all of this. The very thought of his father, the man who had been so afraid of him becoming like Vader, was willing to do something like that It made the weight of all the hatred inside Kylo suddenly seem lighter. He found himself desperately wanting to believe it. Wanting to believe that at least one person in his family hadnt entirely forsaken him. That Han might even accept him. Kylo Ren felt the presence next to him before he saw it. The black mist swirling about, embracing him lightly before it took on the form of his teacher. The Force Ghost of the Nightsister knelt on the floor next to him, gazing out at the stars. Neither one of them speaks for a long time. It is good to see you outside of my dreams, Kylo says quietly, pulling his own Force energy back in around himself. I fear this will be one of our last meetings, my student, Shelish tells him. He turns to her, sadness plain on his face. Its not fair , he huffs quietly. A childish sentiment he knows, but he cannot help himself. Fairness rarely factors into the workings of the Galaxy, she places a hand on his shoulder. Her touch is surprisingly warm for being in a non-corporeal state. I will kill him for what he did to you, Kylo blurts out, hating his Master just a bit more now for taking her from him. This woman who was almost more of a mother to him then Leia had been. I dont need you to take vengeance for me, Kylo, she smiles slightly, as if she is amused. If you should hold a vendetta against your Master, it should be for your own sake. Not for mine. I made my decision, I knew I would not return from that Citadel. Then why did you go? he laments. Why did you leave? Why did you abandon me like everyone else? his voice wobbles as he turns to fully face her, his expression pained. Why? She stares at him for a long moment and then takes his hands in her own. To buy you time. To give you and yours a fighting chance. He frowns, confused. What are you talking about? The Nightsister looks back out at the stars. One day my student, you will no longer be afraid, you will no longer be ashamed of what you are and you will be at peace. But I fear that peace does not come easily. She looks back at him. You have started down your path, but there are still thousands of different possibilities within this sequence. What must I do?! he leans forward. Tell me! Panic fills him slightly. He wants this! Wants the dream of the house, the garden and the children who are all various shades of Gray within the Force. That place of sanctuary. Of happiness. Where his lover and friends are by his side. He wants it more than he has anything in his entire life. More than, perhaps, even his own familys acceptance of him and his Dark power. Shelish laughs softly. Youve already started doing it, dont you see? she tilts her head. Kylo shakes his own in frustration. I dont understand! Im tried of the riddles! The guessing! Just for once, why cant something be clear? The Force is seldom so accommodating, little supernovae. The sooner you stop expecting it to be forthcoming, the sooner you will begin to appreciate the glimpses of truth it gives us. Her shoulders slump a bit and an expression of weariness that hes never seen before takes over her features. The Nightsisters voice becomes grave. Your next great challenge lies ahead, my student. You have felt it yes? He nods. I do not know what it is though. It is too vague. The one thing he does know for certain is that it feels dangerous. As if a single misstep will spell death for everyone. You need to be patient. Listen to the Force, it will guide you, she moves one of her hands to cup his cheek and he glances up at her. Trust in your friends. In your lover. Remember all that I have taught you. Dont go, he pleads. Selfish. He is always so selfish. She is tired, he cannot begin to guess how much strength it takes for her to reach out to him like this. But he doesnt want her to leave! He doesnt want to say goodbye to her! This is not our final goodbye little supernovae, do not fret so, the Nightsister leans forward and places a kiss on his forehead. Most importantly, do not forget that you are loved and capable of loving still, despite your terrifying trials. Snoke can never take that from you. When you can harness that emotion, meld it with all your sorrow, fear and rage, then you will surpass your progenitor. Kylo blinks back tears and finds that she is gone. Her presence has vanished, leaving him alone in the atrium once more, with only the stars for company. --- Hux had not seen the Knight for the better part of three days. No shuttles had left, so it stood to reason he was on the ship still. However nothing had been destroyed giving no clues to where he had hidden himself. Phasma had not seen him either and he had not joined them to train with their platoons in the evenings. If Hux had been a person prone to panicking, he most certainly would be doing that. However, until he knew otherwise, there was no reason to assume anything bad had happened. That didnt stop the nagging worry from growing though. He could not take the time to search the Star Destroyer for the Knight, if Ren did not want to be found then he would not be found. Not until he wanted to be at least. Fortunately there was more than enough work to keep the General otherwise occupied during the day. At night however, his lovers absence was unavoidable. Millicent was some comfort and Hux dotted on the rapidly growing creature far more than he should. He would lie awake for hours and when sleep came it was uneasy. Each night he got back up and wandered the ship, pausing at the Knights usual haunts, but Ren remained elusive. Sometimes Hux thought the Knight was nearby. He would turn, expecting to see the dark robed man, only to be greeted by air. Every so often the General could swear he felt a ghostly cool touch at the small of his back, even when he was certain he was alone. It wasnt frightening, but rather to gave him a small bit of reassurance that his lover was all right, despite his absence. Whatever Kylo was working through, he had felt the need to do so alone. To take that time for himself and make peace with things. Hux respected that, even if he worried. On the fourth night Hux had awoken from a nightmare, drenched in a cold sweat. Millicent was sleeping soundly on the pillow beside him in the darkened room. Hux took a deep breath in, fumbling and flicking a light on. The light would make it better. It would chase away the awful images of the battlefield. Of blood and gore and Kylos lifeless body lying in the dirt. Of failure. If they fail the Republic will not be kind. They will be condemned. The hangmans noose dangling before them. Tightening around his neck, as he glances at his lover out of the corner of his eye. The floor gives way beneath their feet and the last thing Hux sees is Rens lifeless body jerking and twitching as his own neck is snapped. The General glances around the room, letting out a breath of relief when he saw that he was, indeed alone. The image of his lovers lifeless body are too fresh in his mind from the dream. The echoes of screams still make his ears burn and Hux can all but smell the blaster discharge and blood and dirt. The sensations dont leave, the anxiety eats at him, even though he is awake. Even though he is in his own quarters, his own bed. Hux scrubbed at his face, trying to calm down. They will be all right. They will not fail. They will not fall. Ren will be fine, he tells himself. It is all just a dream, it means nothing. His lover is still safe, somewhere on the ship. Kylo was just taking some time to deal with things in his own way. And Hux had to trust him. The Knight had been steadily improving, there was no reason to think that he would have a horrible relapse. No reason for his brain to be creating this utterly useless and terrifying scenarios. His datapad pad blinked at his bedside table. A holo message. Hux picked it up and opened it. If the nightmare had not been bad enough, seeing a miniature version of the Supreme Leader addressing him in the recorded message almost gave Hux a heart attack. It was by sheer force of will that he did not fling the datapad across the room. In one week I expect to hear your full report on all that youve discovered about this new Project the Resistance is working on, as well as this political mission that you have dedicated resources to without clearance. Snokes face twisted in a displeased expression. Ensure that my Apprentice is present for this meeting, General. Then the holo looped back to the beginning. Hux quickly closed out of the message and set his tablet aside. He pulled his hands through his hair. There was no reason to be nervous. He had the reports prepared, had for weeks. Was entirely ready to defend his actions. But to have Kylo there The image from his nightmare came back to him in horrifying, gruesome detail and for a moment Hux was certain he was going to be physically ill. He puts a hand to his mouth, but gradually it passes. Slowly Hux gets up from the bed, making his way to the bathroom on shaky legs. He splashes some water on his face, trying to will himself to be calm. Hes faced worse than this. They both have. There is no reason to think that this will end badly. Its just a report. Nothing more. He just had to be calm, keep his mind sharp. That doesnt stop the chills from running through him though. He must be cautious, must be guarded, now more than ever if he is to pull off this long con. He dries his face and heads back to the bed. Tonight is the night of unexpected things and heart stopping terror it would seem. When Hux finds his bed no longer empty he startles, certain that his heart has missed more than its share of beats in the past twenty minutes. Kylo Ren, dressed in a pair of black sweatpants and nothing else, is sitting in Huxs spot, idly stroking Millicent. Kylo! Huxs voice comes out as a tight whisper. The Knight looks at him, eyes tired, face pale. You got the message too, the Knight states, as if sensing it just by looking at is lover. The Knight turns back to the sleepy kitten he is petting. We have one week The reports have been ready for a month. Itll be fine, Hux tells him, despite the growing unease in the pit of his stomach. Weve done this before. Itll be fine. He repeats, although his own belief of that is rapidly fading. Itll be fine. Ren looks at him again, his head tilting, brow knitting. You feel it too, dont you? Feel what? Hux sits on the edge of the bed, leaving a small bit of space between himself and the Knight.. This feels wrong. Dangerous, the Knight looks at him, expression fraught with worry. Like a trap. Something does feel off, Hux agrees, lightly resting a hand on Rens knee. Where were you? I was worried, he changes the subject, wanting to talk about something, anything other than going before Snoke. He cant logically deal with that right now. Not after the nightmare hes had. He needs to have a clear head to face it, to plan his attack of this. And right now Hux knows his own thoughts are too frazzled to do anything productive. Meditating. Trying to piece things together, Ren flops back on the mattress and Hux studies him. Taking in how his body is becoming more and more muscled again and going over every scar on the Knight, making sure there are no new wounds. He doesnt see any, which is a relief and if Kylo can sense that he is being scrutinized he doesnt say so. But Kylo is trembling slightly. Hux? Kylo asks, staring very hard at the ceiling. What is it? Hux brushes his knuckles gently against Rens side, letting the other know he was there. He didnt want to crowd on Ren, especially when the feeling of danger was so heavy in the air. Help me, Kylos voice cracks slightly and he covers his face with one large hand and sits up, drawing one knee to his chest, tucking the other leg under it. His large arms wrap around himself, hiding his face from the General, a gesture that is both protective and self-comforting. His voice is small, and doesnt seem to fit the large body that it is coming out of. Please I  I need . Im so afraid. Kylo, Hux whispers breathlessly and he reaches out and slowly runs a hand along the Knights back. This is the fifth time the Knight has used that word and Hux feels a swell of hope, of pride that pushes down the terror that has been been racing through him. Easy, he comforts, as Rens hands start to curl into claws and dig into his own arms. The Knight still tries to harm himself, punish himself and put himself to pain now that Hux refuses to give it to him for such twisted purposes. Here, he moves, shuffling awkwardly about on the bed until he has Ren between his legs and gently pulls the Knights arms off himself, guiding his hands to rest on Huxs shoulders instead. Hold onto me, Hux tells the Knight, redirecting him. He feels Rens body tensing, shaking as he obeys. Hux knows that Ren will not tear into him the way he does himself, but his grip is tight nonetheless. Easy, its okay. Hux runs a hand up and down Kylos spine. Kylos breathing is fast and harsh, as if hes run from one end of the Star Destroyer to the other. Its safe here. Youre safe. Its okay to be afraid, Hux murmurs, gently encouraging the Knight to open up, to unload some of what is distressing him so greatly. Hes going to kill me Hux, Ren whispers, pressing his face against Huxs neck. Hes going to find out what happened and hes going to kill me. Kill you. Not even Snoke is that stupid, Hux tells him, even as his stomach clenches. I will keep you safe. I promise. How? Hux is silent, rubbing his hand over Rens spine, his other stroking the Knights hair out of his face. Do you trust me Kylo? Hux finally asks. Ren glances up at him and nods. Then trust that I will protect you, he presses a kiss to Rens temple. This does not comfort the Knight at all and he makes a distressed noise. His nails dig into Huxs back. Maker, hes going to kill us both! Kylo hides his face in Huxs neck again. Hes going to make me kill you. And then hell- Why do you not trust me, Kylo? Hux murmurs as he continues to stroke the Knight, trying to ease his distress. It hurts a bit that his lover is so convinced that this meeting spells their doom. I saw it! The Force showed it to me! Kylos words come in a rush and his nails dig deeper into Huxs back and the General feels his skin break. I saw it! I saw you die! Snoke- the Knight struggles with the words. He reaches out and I cant stop him! He commands it and I run you through with my saber! Hux feels wetness on his neck, and stops his petting of the Knight in favor of just wrapping his arms around him and holding him as tightly as he can. You are stronger than that, Kylo, he reassures the Knight. You are brave, and I know you will not crumble so easily before him. Not without a fight. He is placing all his faith in his lovers abilities. In Rens strength of will. Listen to me Kylo, he turns Rens face up so their eyes meet, Kylos face is tear stained and white. If this meeting leads to such an ultimatum, then we will walk out of that room- Kylo makes a noise of protest that Hux gently shushes by resting his fingers again the Knights lips. We will walk out of that room, side by side, Hux struggles to keep his voice steady. Strain and passion leaking into his words. And I will bring the all the strength of the First Order that I can summon down on that monsters head. I will see to it that he never haunts you again. Never harms you again. Ren stares up at him, eyes huge in terror and disbelief. Hux- It is simply a matter of rearranging my priorities. I had hoped that we might kill your Master after we had crushed the Republic, but if he forces my hand- You what ? Kylo whispers, his voice suddenly tight and high. Hux cant tell if hes upset or flabbergasted. I know you want to be the one to do it. To strike the death blow, he reassures his lover. He has not forgotten the faraway look in Rens eyes when he speaks of doing so. Of surpassing Vader and bringing about a new era of peace between the Light and the Dark. Hux would never be so selfish as to rob him off that. And I will do everything in my power to help you bring him down. But if it comes down to you or him, I will not stand by and let you die. I will put a bolt into that withered skull of his. He lets his brow wrinkle and then rests his forehead against Kylos. Even if it costs me every being within the First Order, I would see him dead, a rnsearc . I would see you at peace. Even if it means  he swallows heavily. Even if means the destruction of the Order itself. Hux Ren closes his eyes. Hux no. No the Order- The Order can be rebuilt, Their proximity causes Huxs lips brush against Rens slightly as he speaks. The Order can be recreated, stronger and better than it was before. You, a rnsearc , I-I will not lose you to that monster! He presses a kiss against Rens lips then, one that is wrought with all the fear and love swirling around inside himself. Rens nails dig deeper into his back and the Knight leans into the kiss, hungry for it, trembling. They break apart abruptly, gasping for breath. Hux is clutching Rens face in his hands, gazing at him with love so strong that it might tear apart the very fibers of the universe. You are loved, Shelishs words echo in Rens mind. He knows it, can feel it, taste it. I cannot lose you Kylo, Hux is trembling. There is something, some deeper meaning behind those words but the Knights mind is still reeling from the kiss and he doesnt examine the hidden layers. There will be time for that later. Right now, he believes Hux. Wildly, desperately Ren believes him, clings to him like he is a life raft. Then the tension shatters and the tears come. He cant seem to stop them and Kylo crumples against his lover, curling in on himself, his hands sliding down Huxs back. His fingertips are wet and he realizes with horror that hes broken the Generals skin. Hux! No! No Im so sorry! he whispers, his face pressed against the soft flatness of Huxs belly. Shh, its all right, theyre just little cuts, the General reassures him, stroking his hair. The frantic tension shared between them moments ago is gone. Huxs voice is gentle and steady again, there is warmth in his tone that Kylo knows is reserved only for himself and Millicent. It was an accident. Its okay Kylo. Its going to be okay. Youre fine, youre good Kylo. Ren is shaking his head as he crying. No. No he is the worst. Hes hurt his lover! He does not deserve kind words or gentle touches. Hes made a mess of things again! What if his Force-Vision comes true? What if he isnt strong enough to resist his Masters sway? Kylos sobs become harsher, Huxs voice however, remains steady. Calm. Im not mad. Youre allowed to be afraid, to make mistakes. Its okay, youre good. Dont punish yourself. Youve been hurt enough, a rnsearc . You deserve peace, Hux is murmuring to him, hugging him close as he strokes his hair, comforting. Just trust me. Trust me to handle this. We will survive, I will keep you safe. I promise. I will bring you peace. Gradually Kylos crying stops, he wants to hate himself, to hurt because he hasnt earned a fraction of the patience Hux is displaying with him now. But he finds that he cant. Even as Hux lies back down on the bed and rearranges them so their limbs tangle together and Kylo tries to tell him that he doesnt deserve this, hasnt earned it, his mouth cant seem to form the words. Then the only thing Kylo feels is relief, hitting him like a wave, a feeling of suddenly being lighter. Its happened before and it is always so surprising. He melts into Huxs embrace. Youre worthy, youre good, a rnsearc , Hux murmurs against his temple. Say it, he encourages with a small yawn. Try saying it. Kylo bites his lip and mumbles some words against Huxs chest. He feels the General laugh softly, his body shaking a bit as he does. Then Hux is lifting his head up. Let me hear it? Say it? For me? he presses a soft kiss against Kylos lips. You can do it. Kylos mouth works as he fights an internal war with himself. A low noise of frustration leaves him and he squeezes his eyes shut. Hux waits patiently, fingers stroking over Kylos face. I-I- Rens mouth twists and he lets out a heaving sigh. m good, he finally manages, his eyes opening back up as he gazes up at Hux. I-Im good. he repeats, voice shaky and still uncertain, as if he doubts his words. You did so well, Kylo, Hux praises him, pressing another kiss to his lips. You are good. Worthy. So worthy. Kylo feels a smile tug at his mouth and Hux kisses him again. The General is smiling too, it is a small, tired expression, but one of victory. One that makes Kylo feel warm from his head down to his toes. He doesnt fight the feeling and lets it overwhelm him, lets the feeling of comfort fill him and drag him down into sleep. Hux is not far behind him, his own body becoming slack and relaxed. Kylo is safe, he will protect the Knight from whatever will come from this meeting. I love you, he murmurs to the sleeping Force-user as he feels himself start to drift. Hux is almost positive that he hears Kylo murmur back a sleepy I know and then theyre both asleep. Millicent lifts her head up, blinking at them as she yawns widely. Her masters are asleep now, she can smell the lingering fear in the air. Her masters are often afraid, she does what she can to comfort them, she doesnt understand what threatens them, only that it must be a terrifying being for both her masters to be so afraid. The orange kitten sits up, stretching and arching her back as she moves to sniff more closely at her masters. The room gets a bit colder and her ears press back against her skull at the intruder. She does not like it. She cannot smell this being, cannot defend against it. The form finally takes shape and the strange being sits on the edge of the bed. Millicent sniffs at it suspiciously and then climbs over her masters, wedging her tiny, orange furred body between them. Youll look after them for me, wont you little one? the ghostly figure asks the kitten. Millicent mewls back at the being. Remind them that even after after all this, there is still hope for peace. Millicent cocks her head to the side and stares at the being before mewling again at it. The figure smiles and stays the a little while longer, watching over the two emotionally fractured men as they sleep. The boys who had to grow up too fast and have been through too much. Who believe themselves beyond saving, even as they desperately try to save each other. They will wake later, never knowing of the beings presence but somehow, it will feel as though they are safe. As if someone is watching over them. And that will give them both strength to face their coming trials. --- Hux, Kylos voice pressed gently into Huxs mind as they walked to the meeting chamber, the Knight in his robes, Hux in full uniform and greatcoat. The General glanced at him as they walked, quirking an eyebrow. His face was a cold mask, looking bored, almost annoyed that he had to take the time to attend this meeting. They stood before the door that led to the chamber, the entire hall empty all around them. Trust me, Hux says, not directly looking at Ren, his voice not a whisper, but quieter than his normal tone. I do, Ren keeps his eyes on the door in front of them, his voice equally low. He takes a deep breath in and lets it out. Together then, Hux says and the Knight nods. Hux keys in his access code to the meeting chamber, drawing himself up a little straighter as Ren tugs his cowl further down. The Knight is uncomfortable being without his mask. It is one thing for friends and lovers to see his face, he doesnt even seem to mind letting his platoon of troopers see him. It pays to allow those who are closest to you have some insight. Even if it is as simple as letting them see that you are human. Moving about the ship and interacting with the rest of its crew was another story however. By allowing the masses to see him as human, as young, it opens up avenues of attack, and weakens his authority. He is supposed to be a fearsome monster, the deadly Master of the Knights of Ren, and yet a glance at him right now shows him to be a pale man, young enough to still be mistaken for a boy with dark eyes that have seen too much, whose face cannot keep still, allowing his every emotion to play across it. He had told Hux that he needed to get a new helmet. There was an armorsmith that the Knights employed on a remote planet, Ren would travel there alone. If they survived this meeting. They walk down the narrow path that leads to the center of the chamber, steps falling into sync as they move. Snokes hologram has already materialized and is gazing down at them with black eyes. Before he can help himself, the thought flashes across Huxs mind, wondering what it would be like to gouge out that foul beings eyes with his thumbs. It has passed before he can blink and his hands tighten into fists as he keeps his breathing even. As they walk down that path, he can hear Kylos breathing becoming harsher. The Knights head is bowed, eyes locked onto the ground, not meeting his Masters gaze. Hux keeps his eyes focused straight ahead, meeting the Supreme Leaders gaze, chin raised. Their path stops at the foot of the giant, projected throne in the hologram. General, Snokes lip curls in a predatory way that makes Hux think of a rancor. Supreme Leader, Hux gives a curt nod. Carefully, he must tread so carefully here. Keep his mind clear. Keep himself calm and in control. He does take notice that Snoke does not even acknowledge the Knight, and stores that information away for later. He must keep his focus on the present. Tell me, what of this project that the Resistance works on? Snoke motions for Hux to speak. How did you come to know of it? We discovered a political ally being held captive by the Resistance, Hux tells him, not blinking once. Given the sway her family name held I felt we could use her, so I ordered an extraction. It was during the extraction process that the files for Project Force Choke were uncovered. It is a simple story, not grand. Not dramatic. Cut and dry to the point of boredom and filled with mostly-truths. A very select view of the events. Snoke steeples his longer fingers and gazes down at Hux in silent consideration. Hux can feel the ancient being pulling at the corners of his mind, trying to find any fault in his story. To find a crack, a weakness. Hux reminds himself to breathe as the seconds crawl by and he can feel Snoke digging tendrils of the Force into his mind. He bites on his tongue as the first sparks of pain shoot through his skull. He has nothing to hide, nothing to fear and Snoke picks up on that thought, his face twisting into menacing grin. Tell me General, why are you lying to me? Kylos head snaps to the side, staring at Hux, eyes wide, fear written on his face. Hux doesnt look at him, he doesnt break Snokes gaze as his jaw tightens slightly and his expression becomes almost a sneer. I have done no such thing, Supreme Leader. He raises his chin a little higher, eyes defiant. Snoke cannot replace him, he has fought too hard for this. Has endured too much and come too far to let this all go to waste. He is a better tactician than anyone else the Academy has produced. And it is insulting for their cherished leader to think that he would lie . You asked how we discovered the project, I told you. Snoke stares down at them and then starts to laugh. It is not a pleasant sound, it makes the hairs on the back of Huxs neck stand on end, and goosebumps cover his body. His every muscle tenses and he feels his heart racing. This is the laugh of a man who thinks he has won. Who has cornered his prey and is about to strike a death blow. Apprentice, Snoke directs his attention to Kylo, who stiffens and bows his head. How is it that you managed to vanish entirely? Master? Rens voice shakes and Hux closes his eyes against the fury that builds up within him. Did you not think I would notice your Force-presence vanishing? You werent dead, but at the same time I could not sense you, it was Snoke pauses and leans forward, his eyes locking onto his Apprentice. Most troubling. As if someone had camouflaged your presence. Hiding you from me, suppressing your powers. Most troubling indeed, that they would be able to do such a thing to you, my strongest student. My most promising and loyal Apprentice. Tell me, how did that happen? How were they able to repress your power? How did you come to discover Project Force Choke? Hux opens his eyes, glancing at Kylo. He can see the Knights body shaking, he doesnt need to be Force-Sensitive to be able to tell how afraid Kylo is. Hux swallows heavily. It had been too much to hope that the Supreme Leader would easily believe his story, it would have been too easy. A creature like Snoke does not survive for how long he has (Kylo told him once that Snoke is centuries old), without being able to see through half truths. Supreme Leader, Hux takes a step forward and Snokes piercing gaze snaps back to him like a beast that has been distracted from its intended prey by the loud banging of pots and pans. Hux feels that gaze pin him, freezing him in place, but he does not hesitate. He promised Kylo he would protect him. That they would survive this, one way or the other. I accept full responsibility for what happened, Hux says, his voice echoing slightly in the chamber. Our intel on the base that the political captive was being held in was minimal and I sent in a smaller team than I should have, because I underestimated them. I did think that the Resistance, for all the glory and ethics that they preach would sink to such depths. This Project was being kept at the highest level of secrecy, most of the Resistance doesnt know of its existence. He pauses, taking a deep breath in. It was due to my oversight that Ren was captured and held. Because of his temporary confinement we discovered Project Force Choke and were later able to create an antidote to counter any ill effects it. Had this oversight not happened however, Hux continued, trying to be sure he could spin this in his favor. And if we would have encountered the elements of this project on the battlefield the effects would have been devastating. It could even be used against the other Knights of Ren or you Supreme Leader. And that is an advantage we cannot allow the Resistance to have. Snoke is silent, leaning back in his throne. He considers Huxs words for a long time. Then he makes a gesture, a flick of his hand, as if shooing away a fly and suddenly Huxs world flips and he is thrown back against the far wall of the chamber. His vision blurs are his head cracks against the wall and the force of the impact knocks all the air out of his lungs. He remains pinned against the wall by invisible bonds as Snoke starts to speak. You would dare lecture me on the dangers of the Resistance having such a project? Snokes voice is deathly calm. You would hide the fact that you blatantly misused my Apprentice? Such an oversight, General. Such arrogance . Perhaps you are not as able as I thought you were? Perhaps I was wrong. Hux feels a noose start to tighten around his neck, slowly squeezing it shut. Cutting off his air supply. He struggles against the invisible bonds that hold him against the wall. His body starts to thrash outside of his control, a reflexive fight or flight response. Adrenaline floods him and a choked gasping noise leaves his lips. Maybe you are not fit to be my General after all. Perhaps you do not understand the magnitude of this situation? Snokes hologram stands and slowly starts to pace in front of his throne. Huxs eyes are watering and hes drooling slightly as the grip Snoke has on his throat becomes tighter and tighter. You allowed your most valuable resource, my most treasured Apprentice, to be taken captive. You went willingly into a blind rescue op, on the chance that you might gain a political foothold, Snoke gestures and the bonds holding Hux are released and he collapses to the ground, gasping for breath and shaking. These are mistakes made by a man who is weak willed, who is soft. Someone who might find sympathy for our enemies. I cannot have such a pathetic excuse for a General leading my armies. Supreme Leader, I swea- Hux starts to speak but Snoke gestures again, his hand clawing and twisting upwards. The redhead cannot stop the scream that leaves his lips. He tastes blood in the back of his throat. It feels like a thousand knives are slicing through his flesh and his vision blurs black again as he collapses, his body twisting and contorting in agony. Kylo Ren does not watch the display. He focuses on his breathing. On slowly counting backwards from one hundred by threes. He will not interfere. He does not care. It is the Generals fault after all. Had he not been so foolish, had he actually gotten proper intel before sending them in. The stupid arrogant man was now suffering the consequences. Ren had warned him against this. Had told him this was a bad idea... The Knight allows these false, disgruntled thoughts to flow freely in his mind. Allows them to hide his complete horror at what is being done to his lover. He will not move. He will show no reaction other than his reverence and fear of his Master. Unless Snoke orders him to strike Hux down, he will not move. He must not. He must trust Hux. Even as his lover screams in pain as Snoke cuts through his body with the Force. Hux feels blood coming from his nose as he is pulled away from the edge of unconsciousness and throw again, slamming back against the wall. You are failing me General. I had such high hopes for you. This blunder, Snoke shakes his head, expression the epitome of disappointment. This is unforgivable. Such a mismanagement of resources. All for a politician. We needed her! Hux gasps, pushing himself up onto his hands and knees. He spits blood from his mouth. His entire body is on fire and he feels blood running down his chest, back and stomach, seeping into his uniform, making the black material stain even darker. The back of his head is aching and he wouldnt be surprised if that wasnt split open too. His vision still swims and he wipes the blood from his nose with the back of his hand. Snoke is staring at him, expression amused. Did you now? I suppose this was all part of some grand plan? The mission that you sent her off on without clearance? Politicians are a drain on our resources, General you should know that. Snoke closes one hand into a fist and brings it down. Hux feels the grip on his neck tighten again and he is forced down, his face slamming into the metal flooring. He struggles against the noose on his neck, he will not be lectured about tactics from a being who manipulates others from afar! Who uses trickery to win his battles and lurks in the shadows. Supreme Leader- Hux grits out, struggling for breath. We cannot neglect- A explosion rocks the entire room and suddenly Hux can breathe again, Snokes hold on him is gone. He looks up, seeing the hologram fritz. Ren is staring at Hux in equal surprise, eyes wide, nostrils flaring. For a moment Hux wonders if the Knight is responsible for the explosion somehow. But then another follows and the ship is plunged into a red light. Alarms start to blare and Ren covers his ears against the agony inducing pitch of them. Were under attack! the Knight yells over the alarms. Hux scrambles to his feet, staggering and collapsing down on one knee a few times before his legs are able to support his weight. His entire body shaking as pain rips through him. He doesnt have time to worry about whats been done to him. If the ship goes down, if they are boarded, then whatever agony Snoke has put him through wont matter. Go, Snoke makes a dismissive motion, his expression one of displeasure. But do not think we are finished here General. You will still answer to me for your inability to see such an obvious trap, for being so careless. That is, if you survive this. The hologram vanishes from view. Quickly! Hux shouts to Ren, wiping at the blood that is still leaking from his mouth and nose. Another explosion rocks the ship and he struggles to remain standing as the Knight moves to his side. We have to get to the bridge! --- Snoke sits back amid the crumbled ruins of his citadel. What an interesting turn of events. The witch coming to confront him about the boy after all these years, then Huxs uncharacteristic misstep. He had not been certain if the General would make that mistake, but he was only human afterall. Snoke couldnt expect too much from him. However, such a blunder could not go unpunished. It was all according to plan. The Force was never wrong, it would guide the turn of events just like it always had. If the General and Apprentice survived this attack, perhaps then he would still have a use for them after all. With a gesture he summons a section of the crumbled walls of the citadel back to the solid blocks they once were. The witch had damaged many of the ancient mechanisms that hed gone through a great deal of trouble to acquire when she had brought the building down on their heads. It has taken a great deal of attention to rebuild the building, even with the use of the Force. And it is important that it get rebuilt, for that is where he shall house his army. The army that will be the undoing of everything. --- Hux and Ren raced through the halls of the ship, the rigor of appearance forgotten in this moment as explosions hit the old Star Destroyer and more alarms scream. Droids and people are running about in a panic, frantically trying to tend to the damage. The two commanders, both white faced and Hux still covered in blood, push their way passed them and onto the bridge. Report! Hux snaps as he moves to the viewing window. Next to him, he hears Ren gasp and then swear. They dropped out of hyperspace almost on top of us sir! one of the petty officers in the pit below him tells him. Twenty X-Wings and a Star Cruiser! Another blast to the ship forces Hux to grip at the control panel to keep his balance. Damage? They targeted our hangers! What wasnt destroyed by the attack has been blocked off, and control is reporting that their are electrical fires on decks ten through fifteen! A fuel leak from power generator seven and ion drive one is at half power! Why are the shields not up? Why are you not returning fire?! Hux shouted as the next blast hit the outside of the command bridge and there was the sound of someone screaming in agony nearby as a console exploded into sparks and flames. They couldnt launch the handful of TIE-Fighters they had left and the X-Wings were rapidly outmaneuvering the older, larger ship. Were trying to get the shields working again! They were taken down for maintenance to their generators! The explosion killed the tech working on it, were trying to get more crew down to it now! Hux swore and glanced at Ren as everyone on the bridge braced themselves against the next barrage of fire from the X-Wings and Star Cruiser. Return fire! he shouted. Were trying! Half the guns are unresponsive! Use the other half then! Hux felt dread growing in the pit of his stomach. How had the Resistance found them? How had they known? Cold terror seized the General. Had he made a mistake? Had he been wrong about Solo? No one else had known the coordinates of the Star Destroyer, who else could it have been? But there were only twenty one ships and no sign of the Corellian Freighter as the old Star Destroyer's remaining cannons finally came online and frantically gunners started returning fire at the X-Wings. Focus your fire on the Star Cruiser, Rens voice broke through the chaos. The Knights expression was grim, his lips pursed together. Dark eyes were darting about, watching every single X-Wing as they danced and maneuvered around them. Dont go after the X-Wings, theyre a distraction. But Lord Ren, theyre causing the most damage! If we dont- a petty officer protests from the pit behind them. Ren cuts him off with a motion of his hand, and the officer chokes on air. They are a distraction, that Star Cruiser is a MC80, Ren jabbed his finger in the direction of the main Resistance ship, his expression turning into a snarl. Her turbolasers are just as deadly as our own and we are the ones without shields! If were even more unlucky and theyve fitted her with ion cannons that will knock out our power generators and if we havent suffocated to death by the time they board us, then theyll shoot us all dead! So if you want to live long enough to make a jump to hyperspace then focus your fire on the Star Cruiser! He releases the petty officer from the Force-Choke and the man gasps for breath as his comrades scramble to relay the Knights order. Do not choke my officers while were in the heat of battle Ren! Hux glared at him. Of all the times for the Knight to take an attitude this was not one of them. Emotions were running high and there was a very real possibility that they would all die in the next hour. Ren met his eyes and and Hux felt the Knight pressing into his mind. Trust me? Hux grit his teeth, this was not the time for such sentiments. But he nodded. I hope you have a plan for dealing with these X-Wings, he grumbled aloud, bracing himself against the console as the bridge rocked from another volley of blaster fire. The Knight didnt respond to him, his eyes were watching the enemy fighters, tracking them. He was murmuring under his breath, hands dangling loosely at his sides. An X-Wing charged at them, flying head on. Hux glanced at Ren, his expression was intense, focused, and yet remarkably peaceful. A calm rage. The next few seconds passed in slow motion and no matter how many times Hux looks back on it, he still cant believe it is real. The X-Wing fires at them. The bolts will hit the window, shatter it and everyone of them will die. The Resistance will win in one fell swoop. Except the bolts never reach them. Hux blinks, and the entire bridge has gone quiet in amazement. Officers are standing up, trying peer out and see what has happened. Ren is standing, one leg slid back to ground himself, both hands thrown forward as far as they will reach and the temperature of the bridge has plummeted, everyones breath is making white clouds appear before their faces. Impossibly the twin blasts from the X-Wing are hovering in space right before their eyes, frozen and trembling space. Beyond them the X-Wing itself seems to have come to a stand still. The pilot is frantically panicking, trying to break his ship free of the invisible hand that has clutched it. Now, Ren snarls through gritted teeth. You die. With a short yell he moves. Flinging his right hand to the side, sending the green bolts flying off to the side and into another X-Wing that is soaring by. The small ship explodes just off their port side and everyone on the bridge flinches from the proximity of the explosion. Ren brings his hand back to center and curls his fingers so they take on a clawed appearance and twists his hands in opposite directions. The X-Wing suspended before them tears in half, the pilot gasping and choking on the vacuum of space for a few seconds before he dies. The Knight flings the halves of the ship away from the bridge tower and they collide with another X-Wing that is coming in to attack. A fourth ship narrowly dodges the resulting explosion. The Knights body sags forward and he leans on the console in front of him for support, breathing heavily. Whispering goes up around them and Hux whirls on the officers. You can marvel about this later! When were not dead! Begin evasive maneuvers, return fire! Dont just stand there gaping! The officers spring to life, invigorated by the display of power from the Force-User. Hux looks at Ren as the Knight raises his head. You need to make sure we can make the jump to hyperspace, Ren pants to him. If that Star Cruiser is able to open fire on us, were done. No matter how many X-Wings I destroy. How much longer can you keep this up? Hux asks. As long as I need to, Ren answers, nostrils flaring as he sucks a deep breath in and straightens. Hux turns from him and starts barking orders to the officers. Focus. He needs to focus again, to draw that blanket of cold rage around him. He pulls from the fear, the excitement of those surrounding him, he pulls from Huxs pain, from his own fury, his own hatred. Kylo Ren gathers it all up within his chest, binding it against him like armor. It will not end like this. They will not die here, he tells himself. They will escape. They will fight. Another group of X-Wings comes at them. Kylo recognizes the attack formation. How many times had he watched the pilots practice formations as a child? How often had he climbed into the cockpit of his Uncle Lukes fighter and tried to imagine the thrill of flying? The happy memory leaves a bitter taste in his mouth. That was all before the Dark Side had awakened in him. Before they realized what a monster he was. There are three X-Wings, two of them veer off, flanking the center one. Kylo reaches out with the Force, touching the minds of the pilots, trying to sense which one was the weakest willed. He finds it, a alien pilot on the left side, and latches on. The pilot struggles against him, he frantically tries to comm his companions but Ren instead has his finger reach for the trigger. He opens fire on the fighter hes supposed to be supporting and the center ship goes cantering off at a wild angle. It would crash into the Star Destroyer, but Kylo reaches out and grabs it, pushing it back upwards and into the one whose pilot he is manipulating. The two fighters collide in an explosion that rocks the larger Star Destroyer with its proximity. The third pilot is pulling away, looping back around and out of sight. Kylo grits his teeth and extends his reach with the Force further , searching for a loose thread, some ragged end or vulnerability he can sink his teeth into. Something he can rend and tear. Something he can destroy . It is then that the spark of Light blinds him, shattering his focus, his concentration. Kylo staggers backwards, snarling in pain and going down on one knee. Ren! Someone calls his name, probably Hux. Stay away! Kylo pushes himself to his feet, eyes locking onto the Star Cruiser that is rapidly closing the distance between them. His breath is coming fast, in a panic he realizes what is happening. Hurry up and get this ship ready to jump! We need more time! Seven minutes! Fuck, Kylo snarls and clenches his fists. He knows who is on the Star Cruiser now. How they were able to finally find them. In his minds eye he can see her. Leia Organa, beside her is Luke Skywalker, his hand on her shoulder as they create a feedback loop that magnifies their Force power. He pulls the darkness around him and flings it at them. Organa staggers, but Skywalker blocks the blow, sending the Dark Force energy out into space. Then he returns the attack. Kylos eyes go wide for a second and then he is bodily thrown backwards, clear across the bridge and into a console. Pain shoots through him as he crumples and rolls off the sparking and smoking machinery. He pushes himself to his feet, a few officers have moved to help him but he waves them off. He sees Huxs face, green eyes wide with surprise and undeniable terror. Organa and Skywalker are on that ship! I cannot hold them off forever! Ren hisses as he moves forward, the Dark side of the Force encircling him, causing the metal beneath his feet to frost over as he walks and moves to the head of the bridge again. He closes his eyes, fixing his focus on his mother and uncle. Within their minds, the Light and Dark meet, their psyches dancing around each other. Ben, Leia reaches out to him. His throat tightens and he pulls the Darkness closer around him. Ben please! Stop this! Come home!' I hate you, he snarls at her, baring his teeth as if they are fangs. After everything youve done, what in the Galaxy makes you think I would want to go back to you? So you can lock me away again? So you can treat me like some beast? Some monster! Ben his mother sounds confused, hurt. I HATE YOU! I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU! Kylo rages at her, throwing all his pain and torment at the woman. His uncle doesnt even factor into his mind. He is so furious. How dare she? After everything that shed allowed to happen to him! After how she threw him away like a dysfunctional droid. Like a piece of garbage. Leia collapses, clutching her heart. Luke moves to catch her and tries to shield her from the Knights rage, but Kylos pain is like a flash flood. It swirls around them, drowning them both in darkness until all the Light has been snuffed out. Do you see now? Kylo growls. Do you understand how it feels to be all alone? To be cut off? He tilts his head, circling around them, a great, dark beast. Wounded and angry beyond rational thought. No. No you never could understand what thats like. How much it hurts to be discarded because you are perfect. Youre the righteous Light, how could I forget? Ben, stop this! His uncle pleads with him. And why should I? You never stopped the others! You never stood up for me! Not once! Everything I did was wrong! Kylos chest is heaving, tears are spilling from his eyes. Everything ABOUT me was wrong! I was never good enough! Thats not true! Leia recovers and she moves forward. Kylo stares at her, trembling. Ben thats not true! Its never been true! We love you! She closes the distance between them and embraces him. You were always good enough, Ben. My precious boy. Kylo goes rigid at the embrace. He holds his breath, bracing himself, waiting for the attack that this is covering up. Waiting for the blow to come, the other boot to drop. He stands there, quaking, hands hanging idly at his sides and suddenly he cant get enough air into his lungs. Hes breathing too fast all of a sudden and a jolt of pain goes through his chest. No. No this is a trap. This is a lie. It was all a lie. And if he is stupid enough to believe it, they will only hurt him again. Collar him again. Break him down into a useless quivering pile of flesh, leaving him chained in a darkened room. No. No! NO! he screams pulling away from Leias embrace. Shrinking from her like a feral animal. LIAR! LIAR The Force explodes outwards from him and all three of them are shocked out of the Force Vision. Kylo goes down on his knees, a short scream leaving him as he grips the console for support so he doesnt entirely collapse. It is hard to breathe, hes soaked in sweat and his mind feels like its unraveling. Like hes about to fly apart at the seams, as if he will finally shatter into a million irreparable pieces. Ren! With a grunt the Knight pulls himself up. His body is shaking and his breath comes in huge gulps. How long until you can make the jump to hyperspace? Two minutes! Ren groans, shifting himself so he doesnt lose his balance. He has one more trick in him. One last thing he can try to do --- Aboard the Star Cruiser Luke is helping Leia to her feet. The General is bleeding from a small cut on her head from when she fell on the console, but that aside is no worse for the wear. General, well be within range shortly. Order? Take out their engines. Were boarding the ship, Leia straightens. If we encounter resistance? Take them out. But do not engage Kylo Ren. Leave him to Luke and I, Leia glances at Luke. This will end in a fight, she knows it. And it breaks her heart. But she cannot let Ben kill more of her soldiers. He has to be stopped. Has to be woken up, saved from whatever nightmare he is trapped in. Should we attempt to take higher officers alive? What if their General is aboard? Attempt to subdue them if you can. We do not have a confirmed identity on their General, only know that he goes by Hux. Take him alive at all costs. He may have valuable information, Leia feels Luke stiffen at her side. As their officers turn away she looks at him. What? Han. --- Kylo gathers the energy around him. One last burst, thats all he needs. Just enough to push them back. To keep them out of range. He can do this. He has to do this. The X-Wings are wrecking havoc on the Star Destroyer still and there are people screaming over the comms. Sparks flying and explosions rocking the bridge. He closes his eyes, willing it to all go away. Willing himself to go to that place of ice and cold. That place where he is untouchable. Unbreakable. Theyre almost within range! Someone is screaming. Fire all cannons! Now! Do not stop firing! The Knights eyes snap open and with a roar he throws the energy hes gathered at the Star Cruiser. All his rage, his pain, the agony of his familys rejection and betrayal. The aching sadness that carved a hole deep into him. He turned it into a wave and sent it hurtling towards the Star Cruiser. For a long moment nothing happened. Then the Star Cruiser stutters in its forward motion and blows backwards, pitching and tumbling about wildly, as if it were little more than a toy sailboat in a tide change. Kylo barely is able to let out a breath of relief when the third element enters the fray. The Corellian freighter drops out of hyperspace just as the Star Cruiser manages to right itself with some clever engine manipulations. Kylo can only stare, his mouth hanging open and behind him he hears the other officers shouting that another ship has entered the battle. Asking for orders, if they should fire- DONT SHOOT! a male voice yells across the open channel. BOTH PARTIES HOLD YOUR FIRE! THAT IS AN ORDER FROM GENERAL HAN SOLO OF THE RESISTANCE! Kylo can hear Hux making a noise that sounds like one of exasperation and yells for the officers to cease fire. The X-Wings that had been bombarding them suddenly pull away, returning to the Star Cruiser, placing themselves between it and the Destroyer. Hux catches Rens eye for a moment and the Knight can pick out a single thought from the Generals frazzled mind. Ren Im so sorry. I cant let them board us. I cant! Kylo can hear the sorrow, the ache in the Generals thoughts. Retreat, now! Jump to hyperspace! Hux gives the order. Kylo looks back out the window at the Millennium Falcon. His father. His father came . Ren feels emotion swell up inside him and without thinking he reaches out. Dad! --- Aboard the Millennium Falcon, Han Solo goes still and stares at the Star Destroyer. He had heard it. Heard Bens voice! Ben! he fumbles with the comm, only to get static. Dad! You  the words cut off and a swell of emotion knocks Han back in his seat, his eyes wide and a hand going to clutch his chest. Pain, his son is in so much pain! Chewie lets out a groan of concern, resting a furry paw on his friends shoulder. Ben if you can hear me, its okay. Its going to be okay! He gives up on the comm, simply speaking aloud to the open air. Its all about the Force right? Ben should be able to read his thoughts, Pick up on his feelings, at least Han hoped so. Dad the words sound like theyre being sobbed. Im sorry! Im so sorry! I ruined everything! Ben, Ben its okay. I can take you somewhere safe! You dont have to do this anymore! We can disappear! Just come with me! Han is standing, yelling at the Star Destroyer. Someone from the Resistance is trying to hail him, but Hans focus is entirely on reaching his son. He sees the Star Destroyers engines flaring, the First Order is about to jump to hyperspace. BEN! --- The Knight collapses as the ship jumps to hyperspace. His connection to his father severed by the sudden jump in distance and he doesnt have the strength to reestablish it. His entire body feels like its been battered and beaten. His mind feels like its been torn asunder. People are milling about him, hesitant to touch him. Get up Ren, Huxs voice. Its cold and angry. Dont you dare die on my bridge. Get up! With a groan Kylo pushes himself to his feet, his vision is swimming and he fixates on Hux. The General nods at him. Better. Then he turns on his heel and strides off the bridge, shouting orders for damage reports, and casualty counts. Ren follows him. There are whispers behind him, but he doesnt register what theyre saying. All that matters now is following Hux. Hux will keep him safe. Hux promised to keep him safe! They leave the bridge and go down two different hall ways before Hux steps into a meeting room off to one side, motioning for Kylo to follow him. The Knight does and the door hisses shut and locks behind him. The red emergency lights are the only thing illuminating the room and Hux turns to Kylo. Somehow the General looks younger, more afraid then he was moments ago. And Ren looks like hes about to drop dead from exhaustion. They regard each other for a heartbeat and Hux opens his arms to the Knight and Kylo all but collapses into them. Hux! Shh, its okay. Ive got you, the Generals voice is hoarse as he wraps his arms around the Knight. Ive got you, I promise. Youre fine. Youre good, Hux is babbling, his entire body shaking as he struggles to support them both. Kylo presses his face against Huxs shoulder and sobs. I saw them! My m-mother! My uncle! What did they say? Huxs voice is quiet. They tried to get me to come back. Im never going back! Not to her! Not to the Resistance! Not after what they did - Ren moans brokenly. I told her I hated her Hux! And it hurts! It hurts so much! Shh, I wont let them hurt you. I wont let anyone hurt you Kylo, Hux moves a hand over the Knights back, trying to soothe him. Hux, my father came for me! Kylo whispers. I...He promised to take me away. I...What do I do? Ren groans. Suddenly his legs turn to jelly and Hux staggers under the sudden added weight, but manages to ease them both to the floor. He holds Ren tightly for several minutes, stroking his back, trying to calm him down. Hell find you again, Hux reassures him. Im sorry I had to order the retreat like that. I couldnt risk the Resistance boarding us. Kylo sniffles slightly. Hell find you again and and if you want to go. If you will be happier, safer with him, then I understand. Hes your father after all, and a far cry better than mine, Hux presses a kiss to Rens forehead. If you want to go with him, then go. I will make sure no one follows. Ill keep Snoke away from you. Just like I said I would months ago. The decision is yours, Kylo, he gently tilts the Knights chin up so their eyes meet. I want you to be happy and safe. I love you, a rnsearc . Kylo whimpers and hides his face against Huxs neck. His entire body is shuddering and Hux keeps rubbing his back, trying to soothe him, whispering quiet endearments until his comm crackles to life. General! You have a transmission from Supreme Leader Snoke! Hux curses and then winces as Kylo hugs him tighter. Dont go! Kylo whispers. Hell kill you! The General hushes him. Ill be there shortly, he replies into the comm and then switches the channel. Phasma! I swear to the Maker youd better be alive! It is quiet for a few second and then the Captains voice crackles over the comm. Alive sir, but we took damage to the lower levels, radiation from the engines is leaking it. Well have to seal the area off. Thats fine. I need your help. Quickly. Do you have a lock on my comms location? Yes sir, she said after a pause. Is everything alright? Were alive if that is what youre asking. Ill be there in shortly. The comm goes dead and Hux turns his attention back to Ren. Listen to me, Kylo, he strokes the Knights hair. No matter what happens- Dont go! Dont go! the Knight blurts out. His dark eyes are red rimmed and his face is one of pain. I have to. If I dont, then he will kill me. You know that. I dont want you to die! Ill be fine. I promise. Im more clever than you give me credit for, Hux tries to reassure him. I dont die easily. Ren falls silent and just clings to him, letting Hux pet his hair and hold him. Phasma arrives a few minutes later. Look after him, Hux tells her quietly. If If something happens to me in this meeting. You know what to do. The Captain regarded him as she pulled off her chrome helmet. I understand, sir. She crouches next to Kylo then, placing a hand on his shoulder to keep him from going after the General. Hux carefully untangles himself from Ren and press a slow, gentle kiss to his lips. I love you, he tells Ren and then stands, turning away and heading for the door. Maker damn it! Hux dont! Rens voice calls after him in a panic. Hux swallows heavily and steps out of the door and into the hall. Hux! The door slides shut and the General begins to talk back towards the meeting chamber, where Snoke is waiting for him. --- Supreme Leader, Hux meets the older beings gaze. His legs are shaking with the after effects of adrenaline from their narrow escape from the Resistance and the pain inflicted on him by Snoke barely five hours ago. The external wounds he has have soaked his uniform, and now dried making the material stiff and sticky. Hux supposes he should be afraid right now. After all it was by the grace of the Resistance attack that Snoke paused in his cruel ministrations earlier. Now though, Hux knows he cant hold out such hope. General, Snoke regards him, almost boredly. I see you have survived. I intend to serve the First Order for a very long time, Supreme Leader. It would be remiss of me to die so early, when our work has barely begun, Hux keeps his head held high. He will not beg for his life, will not drop to his knees. Not before this withered old creature. Snoke may be strong in the Force but Hux is strong in his will. Even if his father had intended for him to die all those years ago, Hux did not then and he will not now. He will take whatever punishment Snoke doles out, so long as it means keeping Kylo safe. The General takes a slow breath in, waiting for whatever befalls him. He drowns his thoughts and intentions in that still glass lake like the Knight had taught him. Snoke seems to consider the Generals words and then snorts in cold amusement. What he says next grips Huxs heart in fear. Tell me General, why is this politician so important? Enlighten me, tell me why I should not snuff her and all with her out? Hux clenches his jaw and he fights with himself for a moment, to keep the flickers of emotion from crossing his face. This is unexpected, he had not thought that Snoke would chose this target of all things, of all the weaknesses Hux might have Snoke is focusing on this one. Perhaps he has sensed Huxs fondness for the couple? His attachment? The General steels himself. He must stay in control! He must keep himself from sneering at the being who considers himself supreme and yet cannot see the obvious logic in this plan. There can be no sign of fear in him, he cannot let on how much those two mean to him! A thought crosses his mind: perhaps Snoke is toying with him? This feels like a trap Hux doesnt need to be Force-Sensitive to know that he must tread carefully. So he speaks as respectfully and plainly as he can, now is not the time to enrage the older creature further. This goes beyond himself and Ren, they have brought Mitaka and his wife into this mess. He has to protect them. Her voice will sway people in favor of the First Order. She will speak to the horrors of what the Resistance and in turn Republic have done, she will tell of how it was the First Order that came to her rescue. That freed her from her wrongful torture and imprisonment. The people of the Republic are unaware of what their so-called benevolent government does, Hux finds himself gesturing as he speaks, his tone taking on intensity. He knows this approach is the right one, it will be so much more fruitful than relying entirely on brute force as the Old Empire did. He has to make Snoke see that! Not everyone can be bent by the will of a Force-User. Sooner or later the people break free, and not even Snoke can hope to control the entire Galaxy. Hell, if he is going to end up dying, he might as well give this speech everything hes got. No one will say he didnt go down without a fight. He has to make Snoke see the logic in this! More importantly he has to protect those who trust him, who he cares about. He would never forgive himself if Mitaka and Ashara die because he failed in a strategic meeting of all things. Those two have the chance to do great things, but if they are killed by Snoke before they can even start, then the last year has gone to waste! All that those two have struggled and fought for will be for naught. Hux cannot fail them! They live in ignorance of the dirty dealings of their Senators and the cruel things their administration does. They live in the believe of the lies that the Rebellion sowed years ago. By using the politician we can shake the masses, startle them out of their compliance. Then funding and support will flow into the Order. We will find planets aligning themselves to us willingly, intel and resources will be freely given to us. They will beg the Order to assume command just as the Republic crowned Palpatine Emperor with a roar of applause. We will show them the reality of what their Republic is and they will be horrified by it. Disgusted. What better campaign can we run then one built on truth? Hux falls silent, his heart hammering in his chest. He is breathing too fast he realizes, he needs to calm down. To stay calm, to stay in control! Snoke has to see the logic in this! It would open up so many opportunities for the First Order, he would be a fool to dismiss it! Yet Snokes expression remains impassive and unimpressed. So that is your grand plan General? To will the Galaxy over with kindness? With stories spouted from one voice? Pathetic. Snoke gestures and Huxs eyes go wide. He feels the ice cold hand closing around his throat, lifting him off the ground and choking the life out of him. Huxs hands move on reflex, flying to claw at his throat as he gasps for air. Did you forget that we are at war General? Did you forget that the Resistance was firing on your ship not an hour ago? Stories will not bring the First Order to power, will not put us at our rightful place in the Galaxy! Only a display of strength will do to that! The Republic must be brought to its knees, THAT is the purpose of Starkiller, or have you forgotten why I ordered you to design it? Y-Youre wr-wrong, Hux chokes out. His vision is fading to black. This is it, hes failed. He failed Ren. Failed Mitaka and Ashara. Theyre all going to die and it is his fault. Suddenly he finds himself flung backwards. For the fourth time today he slams into the wall of the meeting chamber and crumples to the ground. Hux gasps for air as the hologram of the Supreme Leader stands. What did you say to me? Snokes voice is deathly soft. Youre wrong, Hux repeats, pushing himself up to his hands and knees, glaring at Snoke. Starkiller isnt the end all be all. If you blindly slaughter them then they will never give us loyalty! His conviction gives him strength and he staggers to his feet, his hands clenching into fists. Starkiller is important, but we cannot solely rely on it! To do so repeats the same mistakes that the Empire made! But is that not what you desire? Snokes tone changes, it is deceptively soft. Huxs eyes widen and he feels his body go cold. He feels Snoke reaching into his mind, pulling at his thoughts. Digging deep down into his darkest desires. Pushing passed the few defenses he has and tearing at the very core of his being. For a moment Hux cant breathe. His body is frozen as Snoke pulls at that darkest of desires that he keeps hidden. That he keeps buried and doesnt want to admit to even himself. Snoke flips the latch that holds that door shut. You want to crush the Republic. You want revenge , Snoke purrs, sounding incredibly pleased with himself. Hux is terrified in that moment. He is certain that it has all been revealed, that his death is imminent, that it is all over before it came even start. Before he has a chance to change anything. Supreme Leader I- Youre just itching for a chance to fire Starkiller. The weapon cannot be completed fast enough, Snokes voice continues and Hux cant tell which thoughts are him own and which are Snokes. No! No he doesnt want that! He doesnt! Starkill is a last resort! As much as he hates the Republic he knows that if he uses Starkiller carelessly he is no better the Grand Moff Tarkin when he destroyed Alderaan! He must be better than that! He must not make those same mistakes! But oh there it is! The hatred buried deep within himself. The loathing of the Republic that stood by and did nothing! The burning desire to shower wrath upon the worlds that neglected and ignored so many for so long! Who didnt care, who never cared! NO! he shouts, physically jerking back from the invisible intrusion. Suddenly Snokes presence in his mind is gone and Hux falls to his knees, retching. Your hatred is impressive, were you Force-Sensitive you might even rival my Apprentice in power, Snoke muses. You can deny it all you like, General. You crave blood, Snoke chuckles. You are not so different from your father after all it would seem. Blood and destruction are ingrained in you. I am nothing like him! Hux snarls, not caring that his tone is vicious. He spits and wipes his mouth on the back of his gloved hand, forcing himself back to his feet. He will not drop his eyes, he will not cower. I am my own person! And I will lead the First Order to victory in my own way! Even if we were to take a direct course of violence we dont have the manpower to sustain it! To make moves to do so would lead only to a rapid downfall into complete chaos! Hux finds himself being yanked forward by the Force and flung onto his knees at the foot of Snokes throne. So you will build the greatest weapon in the Galaxy and not use it? Force makes change General, not niceties. Not words, not acts of kindness, Snokes voice becomes mocking as he speaks before snarling again. Power and fear of that power, Snoke is pacing above him, lecturing him like he might a child. Surely your father taught you that? Surely you are not that naive, General ? Hux grits his teeth, biting down hard on his tongue and pushing himself up again. He will not kneel, will not be told how his fate is going to be and most certainly will not be belittled by this creature. I am not naive, but I know that people hate those who fill them with terror! Terror does not will loyalties or ensure peace! It only gives the people reason to fight back, Hux feels his voice rising, blood coloring his cheeks. He is angry, determined. Snoke will not manipulate him! He may hate the Republic for all its evil carelessness, but he cannot, will not, allow that hatred to determine how he destroys them! He will not make the same mistakes those before him did. That is why the Rebellion won again the Empire, because Palpatine was too high on power to actually bother doing his job! The Generals eyes go wide and his heart goes into his throat. Had he really just denounced the Old Emperor? Had he said that aloud? Snoke is staring down at him, a ponderous expression on his face. Had he really just yelled that at Snoke? You are a strange man General, Snoke settles himself back in his throne, steepling his fingers in thought. You think differently than every other head on the Orders council. You would win this war through cleverness, how interesting. You look for other avenues to ensure the longevity of the First Orders rule, youre almost benevolent in your approach to this conquest, despite how badly you crave revenge and how easy it will be to take it. Snoke tilts his head smiling in a way that makes Huxs blood run cold. I wonder, which will win out? Your desire for change or your desire for blood? You cant deny it. Bred in violence, born in pain and tempered in cruelty, what will you chose when the time comes? Snoke laughs then, more to himself than the man he is addressing, and Hux feels cold, despite the sweat pouring off of his body. I suppose you still have your uses, as does the politician. I expect results from this little pet project of yours. Tangible results, General, he frowns and then leans forward. Hux fights down the urge to take a step back from the looming figure. Do not fail me again. The next thing Hux knows is blinding pain that makes his legs collapse beneath him as he feels as though hes being crushed and ripped apart at the same time. Hes screaming but no sound leaves his lips. His visions goes red, then black and finally white as he tastes coppery blood in his mouth. It drags on for minutes. Perhaps hours. Hux cant tell, his mind is reeling and each time he thinks hell lose consciousness, that it will end, he is pulled back from the edge and agony lights his nerve endings up again. Then it is over. Snokes hologram has vanished, leaving Hux alone on the floor of the chamber, gasping for breath and drooling, spitting blood from his mouth. His entire body aches, and somehow he isnt dead. He squeezes his eyes shut. This is worth it. All of this is worth it. For Kylo, for their friends. If it will keep them safe, keep them alive. He will do this over and over again. He must not waver! He must! For a long time all he focuses on is breathing, on the thought of his friends and lover still being alive. Being safe. He does not examine Snokes accusations too closely. Does not think too hard on how the Supreme Leader dove into his mind like it was nothing and ripped up the exact thought, the exact memories, he wanted. Things that Hux had buried long ago, things that he didnt think about, but still influenced everything he did. That doesnt matter now. Snoke would have known, of course he would have. It was no small secret what had happened. All that mattered now was that Snoke had not seen the other thoughts Hux harbored. The deadly thoughts of betrayal, of treason. The elaborate and carefully devised, long con was still Huxs secret to keep. Perhaps there was hope still? Hux lies there, unable to get his limbs to respond for several minutes. His very neurons feel like theyve been spliced open. Finally he can manage to shakily stand. He has work to tend to. He has to get the damage reports, the casualties, see how long it will take them to be fully operational again. There is no time to rest. No time to stop. He has too The General makes it out of the chamber, only years of discipline keeping his back straight as he walks despite how badly he wants to crumple over. His vision is fading in and out, despite all his efforts to keep himself steady, to maintain control over his body. He wants to close his eyes. To just tip over and rest, just for a little bit Just until everything stops hurting. Then, like some sort of dark angel, Kylo Ren materializes at his side. Im not worth this, the Knight says quietly, voice trembling with emotion as he cloaks them in the Force and pulls Hux to him. Nothing is worth this . Hux staggers a bit, his hands grasp Kylos robes as he gazes up at him. He cant seem to focus on the Knights face and he reaches up, one trembling hand touching it. No, he croaks. It hurts to even speak. No, Kylo. You the others. Youre my everything . You will always be... worth it. Then the last of his strength gives way and Hux slumps, boneless and bloody in the Knights arms --- The small holo came to life on the lab counter next to the centrifuge and the tech looked up at it from his notes. Supreme Leader Snoke, he said with a too-wide grin. I take it things are proceeding to your satisfaction? I am most pleased with your progress Doctor Zittoun. I take it both the General and Lord Ren passed the test? Given that I didnt have to run off to an escape pod once the Resistance got wind of the coordinates I released? Indeed, the antidote you crafted has worked well. It is time for you to leave this ship Doctor. Return to Ematt, oversee preparations, Snoke nods, unconcerned by the cheeky mannerisms of the other being. Well be needing more, ah, volunteers. While I appreciate you allowing us to use your Apprentice to prove our theories, unless we were to attempt to grow clones, we simply need more Force-Sensitive bodies, the tech grins manically. That is, if you want this army of little monsters. I will see to it that you get them, Snoke promises with a terrifyingly please look on his face, then the holo cuts out. The lab tech stands, gathers a few things and puts them in his bag. Then he walks out of the lab, leaving no trace of his presence. --- Hux blinked, taking in the world around him. Lush. Green. Thick moss covered the trees and ground, purple flowers sprouted up from the earth and there was the quiet trill of birds in the trees overhead. Sunlight filtered through the tree branches, warm and golden, making steam rise off the ground where its rays touched the dew damp earth. The General breathed the air in deeply and let it out a shuddering breath. Home. He was home! Slowly he pivoted on the spot, taking in the forest around him. The place that he had played with the other children from his village. Before the Academy on Arkanis, before his mothers death. Before everything that had shaped him into the cold monster he was today. This was the place that he climbed trees, skinned his knees, and spent afternoons picking the wild berries and herbs that grew within the roots of the trees to take home to his mother. Where he had played with his friends in the brook that babbled not more than fifty paces from where he stood now. For a few seconds he was simply too awe struck to question how he had come to be here. Then the sound of screams and blaster fire reaches his ears. No, he whispered. Fear gripped him. Fear that was as potent as it had been the day it happened. When the raiders had come. Suddenly he wasnt a fully grown man anymore. He was a little boy again, barely seven years old. And he was running. Running as fast as he could through the forest, thorns pulling at his clothes, branches slapping at his face and body. His heart was racing as terror flooded him. Behind him there were shouts, screams. Blaster fire. He ran faster, his lungs burning as he gasped for air, red hair plastered to his skull as he poured sweat in the muggy spring time air. He tripped and fell, sprawling forward onto his hands and knees, a cry leaving him. Get up! He had to get up! He had to get home! Had to tell the others! Had to warn them! Hux pushed himself to his feet, ignoring the tear in his pants and the blood dribbling down his knees, pushing himself onward. Someone grabbed him from behind, an arm around his waist and over his mouth. Gotcha! You little shit! He bit down as hard as he could on the hand on his mouth and his captor yelped and threw him to the ground. You little fucker! he kicked the boy and the Hux wailed. Youre lucky someone is paying a fine price for your ass otherwise Id shoot you right here and now. Another kick landed in the boys gut and he curled in on himself, offering no further resistance as the man grabbed a handful of red hair and hauled the Hux to his feet. The man began hauling him back and the Hux started to struggle and scream. He kicked and clawed and wailed. Oh for the love of the Maker shut up! the man raised his gun to strike Hux with it. His hand was stayed by another one of his companions. Hey now! Dont damage the merchandise! The Senator wont pay for them if theyre bruised up! Hurry up and tag him and lets get out of here, before someone notices! They drag him to the ship and that is when the manacles snap shut around his wrists, binding them in front of him. He knows what is coming next. Every child on his home world knows the stories told by elders. They know about the dark history that has plagued their tiny green planet. That the raiders and slavers ransacked their homeworld for so long. All while the Republic did nothing. No matter how many emissaries they sent to the Senate begging for aid, for help, their pleas fell on deaf ears. There were anti-slavery laws in place. That was all that was said. There were laws against such things. A formal complaint would have to be filed, a committee would have to conduct an investigation. Such an intense undertaking would take years to complete, these were, after all, very serious accusations. They would have to be thoroughly investigated. And of course they could potentially be challenged at any point and thrown out. In simpler terms: the Senate of the heralded Republic was not going to help. There was nothing for the politicians to gain, no trade to be had with the tiny planet, no vast resources to take advantage of. There werent even enough people living on the tiny green planet to warrant a seat in the Senate, so why invest the time and energy and money to help a people who were clearly meant to be wiped out eventually? Too many politicians also got them own kickbacks from the slave trade that they denied existed and would not risk their investment. They were forsaken, abandoned and left to be preyed upon. So in desperation, the leaders of the small city-states that dotted the small planet began to make deals. They traded loyalty for safety. For a guarantee that the raiders and slavers would never set foot on their planet. That families would never be torn apart again, that they might have peace. First with the Separatists, then the Empire when it rose to power. Each time however, the peace is shattered within a generation. The Jedi and their Clone army ransacks the tiny planet, forcing the Separatists and their droid army to flee. The Rebellion mercilessly bombards their villages with orbital strikes to drive out the remaining Imperial supports that are hiding there. In the end, the little planet is nearly ruined. The earth is charred and destroyed from the years of war, poisoned from chemicals and blood. Only one village remains, one out of the hundreds that had been there previously and made up the city-state governance that had united the people. Huxs village. His home. The tiny patch of green that was left in the ruined world. And now he was being taken from it. A thick, heavy metal collar closed around his neck and the Hux screamed. His struggling renewed. No! No he would not be a slave! He would not be taken! But he is small, untrained in any sort of self-defense, he has no weapon and is easily overpowered. For his small homeworld has no access to trade routes, their native weapons though deadly, are primitive and no match for blasters. His captors throw him into a cage in a cargo hold of a small freighter with the other children theyve stolen from his village. His companions huddle around him as he scrambles to his feet and throws himself at the locked door of the cage. One of their captors jabs at him with a stun baton and the Hux shrinks back, glaring at them hatefully and swearing at them in his mothers language. Now listen up you little savages! the man with the stun baton say in Basic as he paces in front of them. Beneath them the sound of engines flaring to life is heard and the ship rumbles beneath their feet. The children fall silent. Half of them dont know Basic, having never been exposed to it, Hux does however and wishes that he didnt as the man continues. Now some Senator is going to pay good money for one of your asses. You really want him to buy you, if youre lucky maybe hell even get two of you. I dont know what he wants you for, I didnt ask and I dont much care, but he paid good money to have first pick at you. The rest of you are getting sold off to the Zygerrian slave houses. So dont cause a fuss, Id hate to have to space you, youre worth a good bit of credits, but cross me, he pointed to the cargo bay door. And theres the door. Weve got a long trip to get to the Hosnian System, dont test me. Hux is kept in the same cramped, small cage with twelve other children around his age for three days. Water is scarce, it comes in a canteen that the children have to share among themselves. Food is tubes of bland, gray paste, given to them once a day. There is no toilet in the small cage and soon the cargo hold reeks of bodily waste. The children try to press to one side of their confinement to stay away from the foulness. But inevitably they become contaminated and on the second day, one of the children becomes ill. Their captors notice and the girl clutching her stomach and vomiting is dumped out of the cargo hold door, much to the horror of her companions. On the third day Hux tries to escape. He doesnt really have a plan, has no idea what hell do if he succeeds, none of them know how to fly a ship or read star charts. But he has to try all the same! He lunges at the man who brings them their paste. He gets beaten for that and they attach his collar and shackles to a wall, forcing him to stand upright at all times, lest he hang himself. By the end of the day Huxs spirit breaks. He is crying, and begging to be let go. His legs hurt, his arms hurt, he just wants to go home! He wants his mother! Are you going to behave if we let you go back in the cage? Hating himself, Hux nods tearfully. He hates that he is this weak, that nothing he does makes a difference. He cant help his friends, he cant even help himself. His tiny body shaking from exhaustion and pain. He is released, given a firm smack on the back of his head that makes him see stars and dumped back into the cage with the rest of the kidnapped children. His stomach aches with hunger and hes desperately thirty. Unable to help himself, the Hux cries, whimpering as he curls up into a tiny ball on the filth covered floor of the cage. It is on the fourth day that the ship transporting them is caught in a tractor beam, much to the dismay of their captors. The small freighter is boarded by people in white armor and the slavers are shot dead on sight. The children are let out of the cage and taken onto a giant ship, a Star Destroyer, Hux realizes. Like one of the ones the First Order has, that means that the soldiers who had rescued them were Stormtroopers. He feels a surge of both terror and hope in equal measure: his father is a Commandant with the Order. He keeps this bit of information to himself as he quickly explains to the other children what is happening, that theyre safe now, the Order will take care of them! His peers are staring at the ship in wonder, few of them have seen freighters, even fewer have seen battle ships and starfighters. They are taken to a medical wing where doctors look them over, theyre all cleaned, given fresh clothes that are far too big for them and a meal that is thankfully not paste. There are techs who talk to them, asking them of their experiences and making notes as the few children who know Basic explain what happened. They are still confined, still shackled and collared. For three days the children mill about the medical wing until the Star Destroyer. A MSE-6 droid becomes the object of their delight and the children chase it around the medical wing, laughing and squealing with excitement as they play with the little mouse droid. Hux is careful not to do so, sitting quietly on his cot and reading a book on a datapad that one of the officers has been kind enough to give him. The Basic characters are ugly and make his head hurt to read them, theyre nothing like his native tongue, there is no flow, no beauty in it. All harsh edges and lines. He longs to run, to play with the other children, but fear keeps him isolated. If his father is on board, he doesnt want the man to see him acting in a way that the Commandant would disapprove of. He doesnt know how the First Order found them, and faintly, he hopes that perhaps there is an agreement in place. That perhaps the First Order has taken up the task of shielding what is left of his home? They finally reach their home system. The children are put on a shuttle and flown back down to the planets surface, where one of the village elders is waiting for them. It is then that the Hux sees his father among the officers that were on the shuttle with him. Brendol Hux does not acknowledge him and the younger boy feels a small bit of relief. You have our thanks, Commandant Hux, the elder says as the man approaches her, bowing her head in respect. The First Order is just as kind as the Empire was to us. I do not do this out of kindness, the Commandant snarls. But out of duty to our agreement. Of course, Commandant. --- Huxs body was limp in his arms. Blood was leaking from the Generals mouth, his uniform damp with sweat and more blood from their first meeting with Snoke. Rens stomach knotted. He should have said something! He should have never let Hux step in! This was wrong, all wrong! As gently as he could, Ren laid the unconscious General down on the floor of the bathroom in the redheads quarters. A whimper left Hux and his body twitched, straining against unconsciousness. Shh, Im sorry, Ren whispered tightly. His hands floated over Huxs body, uncertain of where to begin. He reached out with the Force, scanning his lovers body. There wasnt a clear single wound to tend to, but rather a plethora of small ones, fine slices that covered the Generals body, those were superficial, they could easily be tended to with bandages. Ren pushed his probing deeper and his heart stopped. No. No. Surely his Master had not been this cruel! No, he moaned softly. No, no. Hux Im so sorry! he whispered to the unconscious man. Again Ren damned himself for letting Hux take the fall for this, for letting Hux draw his Masters ire. Hux you idiot, Im not worth this! Nothing is! Ren felt panic starting to set in, threatening to consume him. The Knight could handle his Masters punishments, he knew what to do and how to recover from the damage. Hux though Ren took a deep breath, forcing himself to be calm. To not lose himself to distress. He rummaged through the cabinet, looking for the small metal case that hed moved into the bathroom a few weeks ago. It had been so long since hed last needed it, but it was comforting to have it nearby. Finding it the Knight opened it and gazed at the two syringes inside. Hux was badly damaged, it would take both of them to stop the internal bleeding that was slowly killing his lover. Im sorry Hux, Ren whispered again, as he damned himself, damned the redhead for his stupid chivalry. For caring so much. For standing up for Ren when the Knight couldnt even do it himself. Carefully, as if hes performing a ritual, Kylo takes the first syringe and flicks it lightly to disrupt any air bubbles in it and forces them to the top. Lightly he pushes the plunger inwards and a bit of liquid leaves the tip of the needle. With his free hand he undoes Huxs uniform jacket, pulling it open to access his neck. Kylos fingers trace along the veins and arteries until he finds the right one. He puts his hand on Huxs head to keep him steady should he wake and pushes the needle into his skin. Hux groans as the cold fluid floods his body and green eyes flutter open. Weakly he struggles against Kylo. Youre bleeding internally, Kylo tells him, his voice sounds detached as he focuses solely on injecting the fluid containing nanobots into his lover. He could have killed you! Kylo- Hux says, his eyes glazed and face pale. It looks like Hux is on the verge of tears, and one of his hands shakily reaches out and grasps the Knights arm. Ren glances at him as he pulls the needle out of Huxs neck and reaches for the second. Dont, he orders the General sternly. Dont move, his voice breaks and his hand abandons the second syringe in favor of gripping Hux by the open collar of his jacket. You fucking idiot! Why do you have to care? Why do you have to love me? This this is what happens! Why havent you figured that out yet? Itll get you killed! Rens head bows and he presses his face against Huxs chest, a small sob coming from him. Youre so fucking stupid! Im not worth this! If you try to protect me youll die! Kylo- Hux makes a noise of pain and the Knight looks up at him. A cold, clammy hand reaches out and cradles his face. Ren puts one of his own hands over it, clinging to it desperately. A rn mo chro , blood bubbles from Huxs lips.  A rnsearc , A rnsearc . His eyes are unfocused and he cant seem to make the words in Basic. A sob leaves Kylo. You idiot! He wants to shake the General. To slap him, for how much he stupidly cared ! He feels Huxs life force slipping then. Feels the General slowly starting to fade away, his consciousness waning. No! Dont! Dont you dare do this to me! Hux! A slow smile spreads over the Generals face and he blinks once. Tears stream down his face. T brn orm, he gasps and his eyes rolls back in his head, his hand cradling Kylos face goes limp and heavy.. An apology, Kylo realizes. Hux is apologizing, to him . Why? Why when its all Kylos fault? Why would Hux apologize to him? Hux? he shakes the General. No response. Kylo reaches out through the Force, fear rising in his throat. HUX! --- Feidhelm! Feidhelm, a leanbh! His mothers arms go around him and suddenly Hux is a child again. Hes back home, finally! He presses his face against his mothers stomach, hiding in her flowing skirts. He thought hed never see her again! That he would be A sob leaves him as his mother lifts him up into her arms, shushing him and rocking him. I was so scared! he cries. I -I thought that-that- Its okay Feidhelm, she crones. Its going to be okay, a leanbh. Shh, Ive got you now! As she speaks there is the sound of metal crunching in his ears and then the heavy collar falls of his neck. Someone is taking his hands and then the manacles are cut away. My Feidhelm, his mother whispers, stroking his hair. Its okay. He lifts his tear stained face to look up at her. They took us! They put collars on us! I tried to fight! I-I wasnt strong enough! I couldnt do anything! he dissolves into tears again. It wasnt your fault, his mother explains. I know you fought every step of the way, she is walking now as she carries him tucked against her hip. They are leaving it all behind them. All the fear. All the pain. It all falls away as his mother holds him closely. They told me how brave you were. I know you will never willingly bow your head. You are too brave for that. Too bold. Im so proud of you Feidhelm. My brave boy. she kisses his hair and carries him home, to the tiny cottage that is surrounded by beds of flowers and has moss growing all over the rocky path that leads up to it. My precious child, I love you. Im so glad to have you back, safely in my arms. ---- What were you thinking? Leia asked, the frustration evident in her voice. Why did you interfere like that? She rounded the man slouching in the chair at the meeting table. Han Solo was doing his best to look indifferent, but she knew he was just as upset as she was. I was thinking that perhaps blowing up the ship that had our son on it, might not be the best of idea, Han retorted. Chewie made a noise of agreement. Han, Leia closed her eyes, fighting back the urge to scream in frustration at him. You cant play the hero like that. You  she shook her head. We, she gestured to herself and her brother. Luke was standing off to the side, trying to stay as far away from the marital spat as possible. We were handling it! You flying into the middle of battle, half-cocked- What if theyd not ceased fire? What if theyd blasted you to bits? They wouldnt have. Why, because of this redhead that claims to love Ben? Its the First Order Han! Theyre not exactly known for their forthrightness! the more Leia had thought about it, the more certain she was that this was a trap. An elaborate trick, a con game that was being used to manipulate her already confused son. Snoke had surely set this into motion, just as he had started to infect Bens mind when he was younger. She had felt the Light, the good in her son on Nilash, which could only mean that Snoke had felt it too and was now doing everything he could to ensure that Ben stayed with the Order. Gave him a dangerous attachment. How did you even know the location? She suddenly asked Han, realizing how very uncanny it was that he had shown up when he did. I could ask the same of you Princess. Luke looked between the his sister and friend and then sighed. The Resistance received an anonymous tip with their exact coordinates. Han tilted his head, frowning in thought as he glared at the Jedi. Arent you supposed to be busy running away from your problems? You would know all about that wouldnt you? Maker, in twenty-five years you havent changed at all Han, Luke gave him a disapproving look. Well perhaps if youd taken care of Ben- You dumped your son on me and expected me to magically fix him! Luke snapped. He was already infected with the Dark Side, and I did not have the resources to help him! I had twenty other kids to look after! Twenty other Force-Sensitive children who had no idea how to control themselves and only one of me! I did the best I could so stop blaming this on me! Both of you! Leia shouted and the two men fell silent. Then she spoke more softly, Were all at fault here. We should have seen the signs earlier, should have done something sooner, been more diligent. I...  she sighed and slowly sank into an empty chair at the table, resting her head in her hands. I should have been more honest with you about my concerns, about everything. Leia, Han reached out to her and she batted his hand away. How did you know the coordinates, Han? she looked up at him, expression worried. The smuggler and once General sighed. I was contacted by the First Order, he says lowly as Leias eyes go wide. He puts a hand up to hold off the tirade he knows is coming. It was a letter, hand delivered to me. Leia, come on dont look at me like that. The General of the Resistance is giving him a look of mixed exasperation and anger, but she says nothing. What did the letter say? Luke asks, frown deepening. That our son was in trouble. That he was hurting and needed help. That reaching out to me was a last resort. The kid was practically begging me to- You think its the same boy who bombed the base Ematt was at? Leia asked. Yes. Leia we have to trust him- Why? This is a trap, it has to be. Han youre smarter than this! Leia sighed. What were you supposed to do, if you agreed to take Ben? Well Id been planning on flying casually, however, he offered her a half grin that was met with a frown of disapproval. When we ended up in the middle of a space battle I had to change my approach. Besides, didnt it occur to you two that even if you boarded the ship and took Ben alive, if you kill this kid hes enamored with that we might lose him forever? So this boy in the First Order was going to just let you smuggle him out? Leia avoids answering the question. This was quite possibly the most ridiculous plan shed ever heard and Han had come up with truly, spectacularly bad ones over the years. Pretty much that sums it up. Take Ben and leave. Get as far away from the First Order and the Resistance as we could, Han shrugged, running a hand through his hair. The kid was oddly insistent about that part. Well obviously you want him away from the First- No, thats a given, Han fixes a studious look on the Generals face. He knew you were Bens mother and he was damn insistent that I make sure you never got your hands on him. Why is that? What? Leia cant hide her shock. She feels Luke shifting behind her, something is trembling in the Force, just outside of her perception. Something happened to him. Something happened while he was on that base. How long was he in custody? Less than twenty-four hours! Leia snapped, pushing aside the tremor in the Force, it was distracting and annoying right now. Of course something happened to him! There was a battle and he was taken prisoner! I guarantee you whatever Snoke- No, no this wasnt Snoke, Han spoke over her, frowning. Something wasnt right ! Leia what happened to him when he was in custody? I wasnt there, I was off planet. The security footage was destroyed when the base exploded. Why are you so convinced that something happened to him while in Resistance hands? I trust Ematt, I trust the beings he employees. I she sighed. I wont deny that it is possible that he was treated roughly, they know him as Kylo Ren, as a monster. Hes done terrible things We all have. This is war Han, you know that. Hes our son! Han yells, slamming his hand down on the table. Yes hes sick, hes abnormal and yes I would give anything for a regular kid, but you know what? Weve got him instead and I refuse to believe he is beyond saving! The smuggler wishes hed realized this twenty years ago. Wishes hed not pushed his son away, that hed been more aware. But there is no undoing it now. All he can do it hope to rescue their son and perhaps then he has a chance at saving him from the Darkness. Of fixing him and getting rid of that infectious evil planted within him. You did not see what he did! Leia shouted and the smuggler jerked back at her volume. He snatched X-Wings out of space and torn them in half! He threw this entire Star Cruiser backwards! Hes killed people Han! He he said he hated me, she whispers, looking away. Were going to lose him. Hes so filled with anger and hatred. Hes not the boy we once knew, if we ever did know him. How can you say that? Han feels rage boiling. How can you believe that weve lost him? Youre his mother! Youre the one whos Force-Sensitive! He stands then and starts to pace, pulling his hands through his hair. He reached out to you, didnt he? Luke asks suddenly and Han looks at his friend. Yeah. He did, the smuggler looked back at Leia. Listen to me. Just hes afraid, hes alone. Hes hes ready to come home. We cant make him if he isnt willing. But Leia I could feel him! Han looked at Luke, hoping the Jedi would support him here. Luke rubbed his face tiredly with his robotic hand. I suppose, he said, measuring his words carefully. That it may be possible, that you can reach him Han. I dont know what happened to turn him against Leia, Ive never felt so much hatred from someone before. But if you can reach him, maybe theres hope that we can pull him out of the Darkness. There may be merit to what your contact in the Order asked of you. Ben may be in a place where he is willing to leave, but it has to be with the right person. Leia and I arent the right people to do that now. It has to be you. But Luke- Leia starts to protest. No, the Jedi looks at his sister. We cant see him. We have to stay away, to give him time. Luke closes his eyes for a moment, a wave of pain washing over his expression. Your contact was not wrong, he is in pain Luke focuses a little more, his brow furrowing. But there is Light in him, where there never was before. I can feel it it is growing. Haphazardly and disproportionately. The Jedi opens his eyes. But it is there. Han you have to find him. Quickly, this this may be our last chance. Han nods. I will. Well fix him, bring him back to the Light and make it right again. Luke and Leia nod in agreement. Then Chewie groans, nudging Han with a contraption hes holding. Their ship dropped out of lightspeed, weve got a lock on them again. Come on Chewie, lets go! Han jumped up. When did you put a tracker on their ship? Luke asked. I didnt. This is from my contact. Hes got a tracker on Ben , Han hurriedly explains. We have to hurry before they get the repairs done and make another jump. Ill be in contact, dont worry. Hes about to leave the room when he sees how devastated Leia looks. Han pauses and pulls her into a hug. Ill bring him back. Well fix it, youll see, he reassures her. She returns the embrace and sighs. Then Han is pulling away, giving the two Force-Sensitive siblings one last nod. May the Force be with you, Luke tells him and then Han is rushing out the door with Chewie close behind him. When the door shuts behind them Leia turns to her brother. Can you sense him still? she asks, Lukes reach is greater than hers, that is what comes with mastery of the Force. Her brother nods and offers her his hand. Leia takes it and gasps. She feels the Light. It is feeble now, barely a glimmer in the Darkness that consumes her son. But it is firmly rooted in him, it draws on love. A love that is just a strong as the hatred he expressed towards her so recently. No. A love that is stronger. And she realizes with a sad smile, that his love is for this mysterious redhead. This boy who would risk death to see her son saved. The connection wavers and then cuts out entirely. Hes blocking us now, Luke tells her. He was distracted by pain and grief earlier, his guard was down, thats why we were able to sense him. Leia nods. Do you truly think we can save him? That we can fix this? Luke closes his eyes again and Leia can see how weary he is. How much all of this has taken out of him. Her brother never did handle the lifestyle of a hero well. It had taken all her begging and pleading for him to be on the ship now. He would slip away again at the first chance he got. I do not know, Luke finally says. There is so much that is wrong. So much that is broken The man you finally meet again will not be the boy you sent to me for training. I know, Leia quietly admits. The words her son had screamed at her through their Force-Connection during battle had burned. They would haunt her for years, make her question everything shed done as she and Han had raised him. Theyd tried their best! They had loved Ben! Why couldnt he understand that? Dont be so hard on yourself, Luke tells her gently. You could not have known. None of us could have. Even so, Leia cant find any comfort in his words. --- It hurt. Everything hurt. Breathing was difficult. Water! He was so thirsty! A dry tongue licked at cracked lips and a whimper left his throat. Hux slowly opened his eyes. His entire body ached and his vision was hazy. With a grunt of effort he pushed himself up on his elbow. His arms were trembling, the muscles feeling wrung out and distressed. He blinked, trying to scrub at his eyes with a shaky hand and make his vision clear. It was then he realized that he was nude save for his undershorts and was covered in bacta patches. That was right, he had been cut into, sliced open by the sheer will of the Force. He hadnt realized just how many slashes had been made. He looked like a nexu had gotten ahold of him and used him as a scratching post. By the Maker he was thirsty! He looked around, he wasnt in the medical wing, but his own quarters. His own bed. The last thing he remembered was Kylo. The Knight screaming his name, something about bleeding internally and then there had been a great, crushing weight, his body had gone cold and it had been so hard to breathe. As if he had been drowning despite not being anywhere near water. But then it had all been brushed away, and Hux had felt warmth return to his body. The heaviness had lifted. He remembered being a child again, seeing his mother, her carrying him in her arms away from all the terror hed experienced. Hux swallowed heavily. His mother He felt his stomach twist at the thought of his conversation with Snoke, at the unpleasant memories that had been uprooted, the Supreme Leaders confidence that he would indeed use Starkiller and all its terrible power. Because he was entitled to revenge. Revenge on those who stood by while his people were enslaved and slaughtered. It was his right to punish those who had allowed his homeworld to be all but destroyed. They had known the truth and had done nothing. Denied it almost gleefully. He could take his pound of flesh in the form of the entire Hosnian System if he wanted, because he would soon have the power to do so. The tidal wave of anger and bloodlust is so potent that hes almost sick. It is shocking and horrific. It is anger, hatred he thought he had left behind long ago. He despised the Republic yes, he always would, but there were other ways, better ways to ruin them! He didnt need to destroy it all! It wouldnt bring back all those who had been lost, it would not undo generations of damage that had been done! It would not change anything! It would make him just as much a monster. It would make him his father! He would not be able to live with himself, not matter how wild of a bloodlust burned inside him. No matter how much part of him felt avariciously entitled to simply destroy it all in one fell swoop. No! No. He was better than that! Better than his father! He was more than that! Wasnt he? Anxiety clutched at the Generals chest and he tried to push himself to sit up further. His mother had raised him better than that! His mother What would she say if she saw him now? Would she even recognize him? Would she be proud of all hed done? She wouldnt want it to end up like this. Not in senseless slaughter. Hux put his head in his hands, trying to breathe. To calm down and break himself out of the wild tangent of thought his mind was insistent on hurtling down. He was better than that! Stronger than that! He would not be his father! He would not! His mother had raised him better than that! She had not died so he could be a puppet for Snoke! There were people he had to protect. People he had to defend, they were depending on him! He had to keep them safe! No matter what it took! The weight of the responsibility was suddenly crushing and a whimper broke from his lips. Huxs breath came in harsh gasps and he tried to calm down. Forced himself to be still, to take back control. He was in control of himself. Of his actions. Every decision he made was his own. Not his fathers. Not Snokes. Gradually his breathing slowed. It was then that he finally raised his head and saw Ren. The Knight was asleep. His outer robes and boots discarded, curled in a half circle around him, as if the larger man might shield him from some attack. Between them Millicent was stretched out on her back, furry belly exposed. Kylo had dark circles under his eyes and looked utterly exhausted. How much time had passed? The thought jolted Hux into action, a small panic taking hold of him again. This panic however was much more productive. Maker he was dying of thirst! With a grunt he pushed himself out of the bed and stood on trembling legs. He had to brace himself on the small table at his bedside as the room spun. Datapad. Where was his datapad? There were reports he had to look over, damages to account for, they could not- His vision swam and his legs turned to liquid beneath him. He would have collapsed entirely, were it not for the arms that wrapped around his waist and caught him. Wha- Dont push yourself, Rens voice was low in his ear. Your body is still recovering, still healing. You need to rest a few more hours, the nanobots are fast, but it is too soon still. Hux doesnt put up a fight as Ren pulls him back into the bed and tangles their limbs together as he presses Huxs back against his chest. They lie there in silence for a few minutes, Rens hands moving over Huxs body, cool to the touch as he channels the Force through his fingertips. Hux isnt sure what the Knight is exactly doing, but the room has stopped spinning for the time being and that is enough. How- Huxs voice cracks and a coughing fit consumes him. His throat is unbearably dry and irritated and hes reminded again of how thirsty he is. The next thing he knows, hes being sat up, still supported by the Knights broad chest at his back and Ren is holding a glass of water to his lips. Hux drinks obediently, his arms suddenly too heavy to move. The cool water is a blessing from a goddess and he shivers as it cascades down his throat. Youve been unconscious for a little under twenty four hours. We dropped out of lightspeed about four hours ago, Ren tells him once the glass is empty. The repairs are underway, wounded are being tended to, debris being cleared and officers have been debriefed. We should be able to leave the system within a few days. Well stress the reactors too much if we try to jump again before theyre repaired. Hux nods, his entire brain feels fuzzy. Did did Ren manage all that? How? Ren hated dealing with petty chores as he called them. Phasma helped some. It was chaos, Rens hands were stroking over his chest and stomach, sending goosebumps crawling up his body. Ren presses his face against the base of Huxs neck and that is when the Generals realizes that the Knight is shaking. Ren? he asks quietly. I thought I had lost you, the Knight whispers. It was Nilash all over again. You were so damaged I didnt know if I could... Hux turns, awkwardly, in his lovers arms to regard him. Kylo, he cups his lovers face in his hands. Ren looks at him, eyes red from crying. I had to use the Light to save you, Ren tells him in a horrified whisper, hes gripping Hux in turn now. Dont-Dont ever do that to me again! he bursts out. You have to stop caring so Maker damned much! You shouldnt have stepped in! Snoke could have killed you! And then then Id be all alone again, his voice drops into a whimper and his head bows. You cant protect me Hux. Kylo, youre worth protecting, Huxs voice sounds gravelly to his own ears and he pulls his distressed lover closer in an effort to comfort him. No Im not! Not when losing you is the price I might pay! Ren shakes his head. And what if I were to lose you? Hux asks quietly. Do you not think that I would be just as torn apart? Do you expect me to stand by idly while he brutalizes you? That is exactly what you made me do! Kylo looks at him, his face contorted in rage, fear and sadness all at once. I had to stand by and listen to him torture you! Kylo, Kylo, Hux keeps his voice as soft as he can, trying to soothe the other man.  A rnsearc , he soothes, stroking a hand through the Knights messy hair. My Knight, please, he can feel his own thin grip on his self-control starting to fail. Amazingly Kylo Ren falls silent at stares at him with sad, dark eyes. Hux lets out a breath of relief. He cannot know! Cannot know that we intend to betray him! Huxs eyes are wide and he feels panic creeping into his voice. Ren is the hinge pin in all this. The cornerstone. Snoke cannot ever know that this blow is coming. Especially if Ren wants to complete his grandfathers legacy. If Snoke thinks for a second that his Apprentice is anything other than loyal to him, it could spell death for all of them. If you act against him now then it puts everything at risk! If he suspects something this will all be over before it can even start! You must stand down, you must trust me! You were just making grand promises of bringing the might of the Order down on him! How is that any different than me lashing out at him? Ren protests. Than me protecting you! Because if we strike against him alone then he will without a doubt crush us! We need the Order behind us, the strength of numbers, the support of troopers and other ranked officers. Even then, there will be those who side with Snoke! We cannot stop him alone, if we try he will kill us both! Do you think me that weak? That I could not hold my own against him? There is hurt in Rens voice. Even though, deep down, he knows he cannot face his Master alone. Even though the very thought of doing so terrifies him and sends cold fear deep into his bones. He doesnt want Hux to think him weak. Incapable. It is not a matter of personal weakness, a rnsearc , Hux tells him, placing a gentle kiss on his lips. I do not wish to needlessly die, nor to see you die. Not when we can succeed if we only bide our time. We must be patient, cautious. Can you do that for me? Can you be strong enough for both of us, my Knight? Ren looks away, his eyes lowering and he bites at his lip, chewing it as his brow wrinkles. Finally, he nods. I do not like it, he whispers, voice tight with frustration. I do not like waiting, you know that. I Im not worth you protecting. Not worth dying for. You are always worth it, Hux tells him tiredly, wrapping his arms around Rens neck and resting their foreheads together. Always. I would stand between him and you without hesitation. They sit like that until Huxs body feels tired and heavy and Ren tips them over to lie down again hugging Hux flush against his chest with a shudder. I was scared, Kylo whispers. I was so afraid Feidhelm, hes shaking as he pressing himself closer, tangling their legs together. Millicent pads around on the bed and then settles herself so she is pressed up against the back of Huxs neck, attempting to blend in with his hair. Im sorry, Kylo, Hux murmurs back to him, he leans forward and presses a kiss to the Knights neck. Im so sorry. He kisses him again, trailing his lips down Rens neck. I just wanted to protect you. Rens arms tighten around him. I love you Feidhelm, the Knight whispers. --- I need a new helmet, Ren had told him. I see, Hux had glanced up from the report he was reading. They were in his office and the old Star Destroyer was preparing to jump to hyperspace. It had taken a few extra days to make all the repairs, but finally the old ship was back in shape. Or at least as good of shape as she was ever going to get. Hux had to wonder however, just how many more battles she could withstand before she simply exploded. I need to leave now, this system is closer to where the armorsmith of the Knights is. Hux put down the report this time. His full attention on the Knight before him. Kylo wasnt looking at him, but rather, away from him, muscles in his jaw working as he focused very hard on some minute detail in the metal flooring. The General studied the man before him and then sighed. He had been wondering when this would finally happen. Han Solos fated appearance during their last space battle had shaken the Knight and he had been slowly distancing himself from Hux since the General had recovered from Snokes wrathful punishment. It had only been a matter of time really. The task of getting a new helmet was just an excuse. A formality for the paperwork. I understand, Hux told him quietly, tapping his fingers on the top of his desk idly. This was Rens choice, he would respect that. After all, just a few months ago Hux had been urging the Knight to go back with his father. Ren would be safer with him, happier. At least Hux hoped that he would be. That didnt mean that it didnt sting, that it didnt hurt . Hux does his best however to keep his expression neutral, to keep his emotions checked. He doesnt want Ren to turn back from this chance because he senses how Hux feels. Ren looked at him then, eyes wide, breath coming fast. Clearly hed expected Hux to deny him, to shout at him or otherwise react poorly. Hux- I the Knight looks away again, swallowing heavily. The General waits, he is patient, thats one of his few virtues after all. Finally Ren looks back at him. Come with me? Of all the things Kylo Ren might have said, Hux was unprepared for this one. Theyd discussed this at length, many times. But that doesnt make this any easier. Its already hard enough facing the reality that the Knight will not be at his side. That the familiar shadow will be gone. But when Ren asks this of him it rends what is left of Huxs heart in two. The ache is so powerful that he fears it will physically manifest on his body. The General takes a breath in and lets it out. Control. He must stay in control of himself. You know I cant, Hux says quietly. This time hes the one looking away, the one uncomfortable with where the conversation has gone. Please? Rens voice is barely a whisper and Hux closes his eyes, wincing at how much emotion the Knight is able to put into a single word. Damn Ren. Damn him. If I come then Snoke will know , Hux reminds him. Then hell come after both of us with the full Force of the Order. Well both be labeled as traitors and there will will be no where we can hide. Hell kill everyone Kylo, you know that, Hux sighes and rubs his eyes with his hands. All the plans, all the hard work, it becomes for naught. I can keep him off you if I stay here, if I misdirect him. I can grow the Orders power, forge the loyalties that we need and then, when youre ready, we will face him. Together, he looks back at Ren and stands, moving to him and taking the Knights chin gently in his hand. He raises Kylos head, because the Knight looks like hes trying to shrink into the floor. They cant have that. If Ren is to do this, he must believe in himself, must be confidant in his choice. Like we talked about. You, you take care of yourself, Kylo. You heal . And Ill gain strength and well see each other again. He raises his own head a little bit, trying to exude the confidence he normally feels as his and Kylos eyes meet. But it feels like someone has run him through and disemboweled him. It hurts. But it is the right thing to do. Ren is making his choice. As is his right. It isnt a matter of not loving Hux, or not caring about their friends. Ren needs to be safe. Needs to be as far away from Snoke as possible. Who better to do that than a smuggler? Hux Ren is biting his lip now and looks like hes in terrible pain. Hux waits once more. Patience is better than screaming at the Knight, even if there have been times when Kylo has been an utter brat. Kylo looks at him and then the words tumble out. If it goes wrong can I come back? Of course, Kylo, Hux tells him. Youre not banished and Im certainly not going to advertise that you left. It is your choice, whichever one you make, in the end it will be the right one. I just-just have to know! Kylo seems frantic to explain himself, his hands go to pull through his hair anxiously. If theres a way that my father will his voice drops off into a tiny whisper. Accept me. If hell take me as I am I want that Hux. Hes the one who keeps coming for me. Im afraid but I have to know! I know you do Kylo, Hux tells him. You deserve that. You deserve a good father. Go find your truth. Be safe, do that for me okay? The Knight nods, sniffling slightly. Okay. And Ren? Hux leans up and kisses the Knight. It may be the last chance he gets. Hes done all he can for his lover. Now, it is up to fate and Han Solo. No matter what, I love you. --- That had been almost three weeks ago. Kylo could still remember that kiss. Could still taste his lover. Fruit and coffee, thats what Huxs kisses tasted like. And they were warm, filling the Knight with comfort from head to toe. The Knight stepped out of Salvaged Hope and started to weave his way from the ship port through the small market. His helmet would be completed today, he would be able to leave if he wanted to. Would be able to sync back up with the old Star Destroyer and fling himself onto Hux at the first chance he got. It was painfully clear that his father was not coming for him. That his appearance in the heat of battle had been some sort of ploy. Hux had been wrong, had been seized by a case of extremely wishful thinking. Just because Han Solo wasnt violent like Brendol Hux was, didnt mean that he was by any means a better father. It had been foolish to even entertain the idea that his father could be bothered to care about him enough to understand him, or listen. No, Han had wanted a normal child, one unafflicted with the Force. One that wouldnt run the risk of going bad. And oh how Ben Solo had failed to meet that criteria. It was a good thing the boy was dead. A good thing that Kylo Ren had taken his place. The child Han Solo had wanted was a dream that was never coming true. It hurt though. Because Kylo had actually believed it. He had been stupid enough to believe that Han would come for him. That he might accept him, finally, after all these years. Foolish, naive, idiot, Kylo thought to himself. He had waited long enough. Kylo would just collect his mask and leave. Perhaps he would buy something from the street vendors, some trinket or the like for Hux. Maybe get some food, he was hungry after all. He could linger a little bit, take in the market and pretend for a few seconds that he wasnt a Knight of Ren. That he didnt serve a terrible Master. That he had been born normal . Maker he hated that word, mostly because he knew it would never apply to him. He stepped into the armorsmiths shoppe and the blind man turned milky eyes to him. Lord Ren, the old man bobbed his head in greeting. Master Armorsmith. Your helmet is ready. Although I would advise not losing this one, the armorsmith grinned, showing off some spectacularly rotted teeth. I shall do my best, Ren assured him. You are unsettled, the old man commented as he wove his way through his shoppe. The man might be wrinkled and blind, but he was strong in the Force, able to move about better than anyone with vision could and he used his gift to craft spectacular things. The Knights of Ren often commissioned him for weapons or armor. I   Ren started but then stopped. It is nothing. The old man made a hmph noise and went about passing the finished mask to Ren to inspect. It was just like his old one, better even. And a flood of relief came over the Knight as he held it. How much do I owe you? Ren asked quietly. They didnt take credits on this small planet, which was good because Ren had none. But rather they traded. Some took gemstones, others took fuel or spare parts, some even dealt in secrets; the armorsmith was one such man. What do you have left to tell me Lord Ren? the old man leaned on the counter. What great or terrible secret do you think is worth this helmet? This shield that will protect you from Galaxy? This mask that will hide you away? What is it worth to you? Ren stares at the mask, at its silver inlaid face and twisted, almost snout-like nose piece. Carefully he considers what secret he might tell. Then he smiles and looks at the armorsmith, the old man cant see his expression, not truly, but the Force will tell him Rens disposition. I have been given the greatest gift in the Galaxy, he says softly and the old man perks up at this. Oh? And what gift might that be, Lord Ren? Kylo closes his eyes and pictures Phasma, projecting the image of the Captain to the armorsmith. Ah! A girl! What of her? Not just any girl, Ren tells him. He speaks with fondness, pride even, for he does value Phasmas companionship. She is competent, capable, calm and strong. What one might call a good match for him. It makes the lie he tells now, easier. I have wed her, he says quietly. I have taken her to bed And I am so thankful that I am not a Jedi, forbidden from loving, because I love her. I would bring her any star in the Galaxy, all she would need to do is ask. He sounds quite breathless as he speaks, and he supposes that is good, because the armorsmiths face cracks into an enormous smile. Ah young love. Slightly forbidden at that, isnt it? She is your Stormtrooper Captain, is she not? She is, Ren admits quietly. The armorsmith nods and reaches for Kylos hands, patting them lightly. Consider your account cleared, Lord Ren. It is a pleasure doing business with you. Kylo breathes a sigh of relief as the old man packs up the helmet carefully and hands it to him. It is a short walk back to the hanger that his ship is in to deposit the package and then the Knight heads back out into the crowded market place. He thinks briefly, about Mitaka and Ashara as he walks. They had not heard from the couple since their departure, although Hux might have by now. The General had told him of Snokes threat to kill them and the ensuing argument that had taken place, all the more reason that Hux needed to stay behind, there were others to protect. People he had to keep safe. Work to be done. Kylo would reach out later, see if he could sense them. However, he suspected that if anything were to happen to them he would know within an instant, given the strength of the bond hed formed with them. The Knight continued to wander with no real aim. He was stalling he knew. Desperately hoping that his father might suddenly appear. Because he didnt want to give up hope, no matter how obvious it was that this was all for naught. Han Solo wasnt coming, because Han Solo didnt care. He never had. Then the Force thrummed. The Knight stopped dead in his tracks and then did an about face, eyes scanning the crowd. But there was nothing there. The Force continues to thrum. It is a strange sensation, one Kylo doesnt think hes ever felt before. As if hes on the edge of a secret. He follows the pulling of the Force until it reaches a fevered pitch in front of one of the trinket stalls. This is just downright odd . Unless there is a Kyber crystal being used as a necklace pendant, the Force really had no business telling him to go souvenir shopping. Ren sighed as he looked down at the table. No necklaces, just scrap electronics. Second hand things and parts. Then he sees it. A small holo projector with a strange script etched into it. He picks the item up and squints at it, running his fingers over the etching. Curved characters with accents and diphthongs scattered about in it. Whoever had carved it into this metal so skillfully had a remarkable talent. Does this still work? he looked up from his inspection of the item at the stall owner. Dunno, she shrugged and spat. Its biometrically locked. But if you can crack it the recording device inside might still be good. Ren looked back at the device and frowned. Then he sent a tiny bit of Force energy into it, poking at the machinery, tweaking the parts. It remained firmly locked, but the thrum of the Force had started up again. Ren sighed, frustrated. Why could it not be simple? Then again his teacher had told him to stop expecting things to be obvious, to rather look for the little hints. Appreciate them for what they were. So was this? Was this a hint? His brow furrowed, what was he even supposed to do with it? Naturally the Force gave him no answer. He opened his eyes again and looked at the merchant. How much? --- Kylo Ren sat in a corner booth at the cafe, well removed from the other patrons. One last indulgence, he had told himself. Just a little longer before he went back. Before the disappointment became really real. It had become evening now, the air was cool, making him glad that hed worn his black robes and cowl, as the sky filled with stars. A bowl of light broth and noodles sat before him. He breathed the steam in and slowly lifted it to his lips to slurp at the liquid. Eating was still tricky, it always would be. It was harder when he was being offered food by others. It felt awkward to be given things and there was always the nagging fear that his Master might one day punish him for diverging and indulging. If he was scavenging or had traded for the food then he found himself much more willing to consume it. Rather he was permitted to consume it because then he would have earned it. So this small indulgence was all right. He had traded a spare electric part for the meal and the time, uninterrupted, at the table. The broth was good. Light and slightly salty and the noodles were slippery and thick, filled with simple carbohydrates that he knew would give him a pleasant, if brief, rush of energy. A quiet moan of appreciation left him as he slowly set the bowl down. He had to pace himself, to not devour the food in a single go. He had to enjoy it. For it was a long trip back to the Star Destroyer and he had only nutrition supplements. Kylo let out a quiet sigh and closed his eyes, leaning against the cushioned backing of the booth, allowing himself to relax minutely. It wasnt that bad here, he reflected. Perhaps, one day, once this was all over, once the war was won, he could bring Hux here? There was nothing remarkable about the place, but it was nice. Simple. Simple wasnt so bad. Ill have whatever hes having, a familiar voice right next to him said, startling Kylo from his thoughts. He jerked up, eyes snapping open and in a flustered, and very un-Knightly panic he managed to upend his bowl, sending its contents all over the floor. He swore and frantically looked in the direction that the voice had come from. Standing next to him was his father. Kylo blinked. No. No this couldnt be real. He must have drifted off, hes sleeping in the booth. Thats right. This is a dream. Because Han Solo wouldnt actually have come for him. Would he? And get the kid a second serving, Han tells the waitress who has been trying to deter him from sitting at Kylos booth. Put it on my tab. Sir, the client has paid for privacy, for quiet, I can give you another booth if you- Its okay, Kylo finds his voice suddenly. It sounds strange and strained to his own ears. Its okay he can stay. The waitress frowns but then nods and heads off to fill the order. Father and son regard each other, warily. Has it really been ten years? the smuggler asks quietly. Longer, Kylo reminds him, and he cant help the bitterness that creeps into his voice. You sent me away remember? I count from that day, it was the last time I saw you. There was DQar, Han points out. I have almost died on that planet, twice. I dont count those as family reunions, Kylo crosses his arms. He feels anger coming to defend his embarrassment at being caught off guard. Oh. Han falls silent and Kylo realizes the man is still standing there, awkwardly. I was worried, Han says, finally breaking the silence. The letter your, ah, friend wrote made it sound like you were in really bad shape. I was, Kylo looks away, breathing hard through his nose. He feels torn, wanting to hug and hit the man before him at the same time. Its because of him Im alive. Is he with you? Han asks and the question surprises Ren. It also stings, it hurts more than he expected it to. Because Hux wasnt here. He had stayed behind, like some damnable hero in a movie. Kylo wishes he was here right now, hes always more confidant with the redhead near him. Perhaps some of Hux has rubbed off him, if only by proximity. No, Kylo says softly. He couldnt come. He stayed behind to Kylo winces at his own words. At the reality of it. That he really may never see Hux again now. Not with Snokes current temper, once the Supreme Leader finds out, Hux is as good as dead. Even with his clever tongue and quick wit, if Snoke digs deep enough, he will find out Huxs plans. And then Kylo pushes the thought away, because if he focuses on it, then he will crumble entirely. No he promised Hux he would do this. He would be strong. It is better like this. He stayed behind to give me time to get away. It give me a chance. His voice breaks and Kylo hates himself, hates that hes so weak and that the tears are pricking at the corner of his eyes. He looks away, taking deep breaths, trying to stay calm. Calm was never one of his strong points. It sounds like he was a good man, Han says and rests a hand on Kylos shoulder. The Knight looks back at him. He is, Kylo says without hesitation. He almost says more. Almost spills all of his closely guarded secrets right then and there. Almost tells his father everything. But he doesnt, instead Kylo looks away again, letting out a harsh breath as he tries to will his hands to stop trembling. He wants he doesnt know what he wants really. Doesnt know what he needs right now. In this very moment he feels so lost and adrift. Hed been so certain his father would never appear. That Han Solo wasnt actually going to come for him. And yet here his father was and for the first time, Ren doesnt want to run from him. Hey, hey, Han is shaking his shoulder gently and Kylo blinks, looking back at him. Its gonna be okay Ben. That name. Kylo winces at it, his head snapping to the side like hed been slapped. Ben? Han asks, feeling his son tense. The Knight is spared of responding by the waitress arriving with the two bowls of noodle broth. She sets them down and Han slides into the seat opposite of his son. Kylo continues to not look at him. He doesnt touch the bowl before him, even as his father starts to taste the broth. The silence starts to feel like it may choke them. Are you not hungry? Han asks, halfway through his own bowl. Rens shoulders hunch. He hadnt thought this through. Hadnt considered how difficult this would all be. How utterly bizarre what he will say will sound. How strange and cultish. And some of these things, this deeper, painful things he is not ready to say aloud. Not to his father. No, that will drive him away, Han Solo does not deal with strangeness very well. Kylo is nothing but strange. With trembling hands he pulls the bowl to him, but makes no move to touch its contents. Han sighs. Ben might look fine, but clearly, what the letter was talking about wasnt a physical injury. It was something deeper, more painful. Which meant it was going to be agonizingly difficult to help his son and for the thousandth time, Han wish he could have at least brought Luke with him. Luke was a Jedi, better suited for tackling matters of the mind. Han worked best with things that were right in front of him. And right now all he saw was his son, looking uncomfortable, and just a shade terrified and the smuggler had no idea how to proceed. Ben- Dont call me that! the young man before him snaps, his expression contorting into one of pain. Then he glances up at Han, expression pleading. Please, that that boy died a long time ago. Han frowned. Okay, so at least the kid was talking. Sort of. It was all riddles, as to be expected of a Force-User. Why do you say that? He asked, trying to blindly guess at something that might inspire a more proper answer from his son. The boys mouth twists and he gnaws at his lip, a nervous gesture that Han recognizes. From a young age Ben had always been a little anxious, and when he had not been allowed to chew at his nails or on tablet pens, he had resorted to biting his lip. Sometimes until it bled. But the skin doesnt break now, the young man just worries at it until he sighs heavily and puts his hands in his lap and the faint popping of knuckles is heard. Hes doing that thing with his fingers again, Han mused to himself. Ben would, when he was extremely distressed twist his fingers together and crack his knuckles, a habit Leia had hated. Apparently parts of his son were not entirely dead, parts of him remained. Ben Solo, was the child you wanted , the young man sitting across from him finally says. The normal child that you promised would take over smuggling for you, the one that would fly the Falcon with Chewie and one day beat your Kessel Run. That child is dead, Im all that is left. Dark eyes lift to meet his, there is no venom in the mans voice, only sadness, and the traces of extreme exhaustion. So what should I call you then? Han asked. This feels like a game of riddles and this is not the place to dive into such deep things. Because youre still my son, like it or not, you little shit, he offers the other man a teasing smile, trying to lighten the mood. There will be time enough to fight the demons haunting his son, but first they need to get to a safe place. To do that he needs his son to trust him. So Han offers this olive branch, trying to meet the scared boy before him halfway. The young mans expression becomes confused, as if he isnt sure how to process the light banter, he doesnt know how to react to it. His brow wrinkles into several different configurations, all equally distressed, until it settles on one that is a little less worried looking than the others. Im not little, Im an inch taller than you now, he says softly, offering the smallest of uncertain smiles. Just, just call me Kylo please? Han nods and he sees Ben- no, not Ben, but Kylo relax a bit at that. Okay then, Kylo it is. Kylos expression shifts then, and Han sees the first true smile on his sons face that hes see in years. Its crooked and almost timid , but the relief in the other mans expression is clear. Thank you, the words are so quiet that Han almost misses them as Kylos hands go to rest on his bowl of broth. Han nods. Ive got the Falcon in a hanger near here, he looks away, surveying the other patrons of the cafe. We can leave whenever you want. He hears a quiet slurping sound as he speaks and resists the urge to turn and look at Ben. No Kylo. Kylo was what his name was now. This was going to take some getting used to. At least until they could fix him. Until he could be Ben again, not this remnant of a Sith Lord. Who knew how long that would take. But baby steps. It had been years, things had changed and his son was damaged. Apparently far worse than he could have imagined. The smuggler turned to look back at Kylo and his son stops eating, cradling the bowl to his chest as if he expects it to be snatched away. Han frowns slightly, what the hell had Snoke done to him? Im not going to take it from you, you know that right? Kylo bites his lip and murmurs something that sounds like reflex, but Han cant be sure. Its okay. Thats something we can work on. Something we can fix. At those words Kylo gives him a wary look, but says nothing. Han curses inwardly. He had not expected it to be this hard. Had not expected reactions like this to such small things. This was rapidly going to try on his sanity and patience. Kylos dark eyes are watching him, filled with equal parts mistrust and worry. Then he sets his half eaten bowl down and moves to stand. Walk with me, he says, motioning for Han to follow him as he places a trinket on the table and then leaves. The smuggler scrambles to do so and they step out into night. Kylo walks for a few blocks, Han keeping pace with him. They head away from the ship port and hangers and Han starts to feel uneasy. Everything all right? he asks as they start to come to the outskirts of the city. I didnt want to speak more inside the cafe. There are things I am not comfortable discussing, Kylo tells him. Not in places where others can overhear. What sort of things? Han presses and Kylo sighes. The Knight stares up at the stars. Can he really do this? Is this the right choice? He searches the Force, trying to gain insight, trying to see what his next course of action should be. Instead he finds deafening silence. Of course he would receive no help when he needs it most. Whatever it is, well work through it. Well fix it, Han promises him, wrongly interpreting his silence. Kylo feels the hairs on the back of his neck rise. That word again. Fix. As if there was something wrong with him! As if he was broken! Dad, he says quietly. I Im never going to be normal, you know that right? he turns to face his father, head bowed, shoulders hunched. Im never going to be a Jedi like Uncle Luke. I Im sorry. I dont care if youre a Jedi. The words catch Ren by surprise and before he can formulate a proper reaction to them Han has reached out to him and pulled him into a tight hug. Ren stiffens at the uninvited gesture, almost afraid of it. He cant believe his ears, is is this really his father accepting him? I just want you back, I want my boy back. I want you safe,Han tells him, not relenting in his hug. All that Force-Sensitivity, it doesnt matter. He pulls back a hand cupping his sons face so Han can look at him. Youre my son, my boy. No matter what! Han gives him a crooked smile and watches as the younger mans face shifts, from wary to relieved. And then his son trembles and he slowly returns the gesture of the hug. Ben-no, Kylo. His name is Kylo, at least for now, Han reminds himself, presses his face against his fathers shoulder and sobs. His gloved fingers are clutching at the back of Hans jacket as if hes afraid Han will disappear. Its okay Kylo, Han tells him. That name feels so strange to say. It feels too dark, too Sith-like . Han just hopes that he can break his son away from it soon. He is really, really going to need Lukes help. Luke knows more about these sort of things, about how people can identify and attach themselves to the Dark Side. Its frustrating to be this ignorant, Han knows its partially his own fault, he should have been there, should have been more proactive in keeping their son from the Dark Side. Every time he left, he should have taken Ben with him, perhaps if hed been away from other Force-Users, if hed not felt the pull of the Force at all, if hed not been so strongly exposed to it, none of this might have happened. Han doesnt know, thats a great deal of what ifs and exploring them is not an option right now. Right now he has to fix this. Has to save his son before Snoke drags him down an even darker path and that means getting him out of here. Hey, Han comforts his son, one hand rubbing his spasming back as the black clad man sobs. Its been so long since hes held his son. Their brief encounter on DQar had been fraught with distress, but now. Now Han can properly embrace him. Hey its gonna be just fine. Were gonna get out of here, were gonna get you away from Snoke, away from the Order. Whatever whatever he did to you, were gonna undo it. Were gonna make it right, okay? The only reply he gets from Kylo is a nod, as his son refuses to let him go from the embrace. It dawns on Han then, that despite possibly having a lover within the Order, his son is in desperate need of comfort, of physical contact. And somehow he doesnt think that the First Order is very keen on public displays of affection. Then Kylo speaks, voice muffled and wavering as he talks against Hans should: Im scared Dad. I know you are, Han tells him, his heart aching for his son. Id be scared too. He takes a step back pulling away so he can look at his son. Its not gonna be easy, but youre going to have to trust me. Im doing this for you, for your own good. He sees a flicker of fear run over his sons face as he tenses. W-What are you going to do? Han puts a hand on his sons shoulder. Its okay. Were gonna walk away from all of this. Were going to get you help. Were going to make you better, were going to fix you. Free you from the Darkness-  What ? there is undeniable fear in his sons voice now and he takes a few steps backwards, away from Han. Han sighed. This was the hard part. He had to make his son see reason. Had to wake him up! Get through to him! If he couldnt then he would lose him forever! Ben, Kylo, the smuggler corrected himself. I dont know what Snoke did to you, I dont know how he did it. But we can undo it. I know we can. Come with me, well leave it all behind, the more distance the better, and were going to find Luke and hes going to help. Were going to make you better. No Snoke, no Resistance, no First Order. You have to trust me on this, Im doing this for you. Kylos breathing is coming fast, his eyes are wide and he looks like hes on the verge of running away. Han keeps talking, hoping that something he says will get through to his son. I just- he sighs again, feeling frustration growing in him. It was so obvious to him, so clear that his son had been pulled down the wrong path. But Ben was so deep in the woods he couldnt find his way out. Was there even anything left of his son to save? Or was he really gone, and Kylo Ren was all that remained? No! No he couldnt think like that! Ben had to be in there somewhere! Han has to be able to reach him! Ren senses his fathers frustration then. It rears its head like a monster from the depths of a lake and makes the Knight want to pull away, but hes rooted to the spot. I love you Ben, Kylo, whatever you want to call yourself. Youre my son, I would do anything for you, he holds his hand out to him, trying to encourage him to take it. Han is certain that if he moves forward the black robed man will bolt. He cant imagine the war, the struggle that must be going on inside his son. I know there is good in you. Luke and Leia can sense it too, the Light. And I know that Im not Force-Sensitive, and that I dont know the first thing about it, but I refuse to believe that Ive lost you. I just want to help you, save you. Please, just leave with me, Han begs his son. Hes feeling desperate, this conversation has gone on too long. Even though Han is a good talker and can usually get his way with a few clever words, right now he isnt sure that any of them are reaching his son. Save me? Rens voice is a whisper as he tilts his head, he feels uneasy now that they are speaking plainly. This unease is different from the one in the cafe, it is not shyness but disquiet. From what? From the Dark Side! Han snaps suddenly. His patience evaporates and he is left with raw emotion. This is his son! He wouldnt do this for anyone else! Why cant Ben see that? Why cant Ben just take his hand and leave? There is nothing tying him down! He said himself that his lover had stayed behind, hell the other man might even been dead by now! All Ben has to do is take his hand! Theyre running out of time! The longer they talk the lower the chance of Ben actually coming with him! From Snoke! Youve been taken down this path and youve got to snap out of it! Nothing good is at the end of this road! Everyone who had followed it has ended up dead or worse! I dont want that for you! I want my son back! Exasperation fills his voice and Ren shrinks away from it. The warmth, the good humor his father had entertained in the cafe is gone. Now his upset, his worry takes the forefront. Ren stares at him. It feels like hes been run through with a knife. In that moment he realizes the truth. Nothing has changed. His father doesnt want to save Kylo Ren. He wants to save Ben Solo. He wants to normalize him, to take away everything hes worked so hard for. To strip him of his identity and make him into the proper son that hed always wanted. The Knights stomach turns and he feels sick. You dont understand, Kylo says softly, pleadingly. It isnt that simple! No it really is, Han gestures in frustration. There is Dark and there is Light, bad and good. And Snoke has pulled you- I found the Darkness myself! Kylo shouts at him and Han stops mid-sentence, staring at his son. Hed tried to explain it to his mother and Luke when he was younger, figuring they would understand, they were Force-Sensitive after all. But never had he tried to tell his father. Maybe, just maybe he could make him understand. I found the Darkness myself, that day Mom lost the baby. I.... My Master just  He hears Huxs voice in his head asking him what training did Snoke actually do? Kylo shakes himself. The Force doesnt exist in a void, Dad! Why cant you see that? It is no more evil than that blaster you have! The tool is not evil in and of itself, it is how you use it! Hans expression becomes one of disgust, of loathing , and Kylo feel his heart sink. No kid, Ive seen the Dark Side. Your granddad was batshit crazy with it and he killed people, tortured people and youre going down that same path if you stay with it and the First Order! he jabs an accusing finger at Ren. If you come with me there is a chance we can undo it. We can fix you and get rid of it. We can make you better- Fix me? Kylo shouts, rage taking hold of him. Here it is. Han Solo has finally said it. Said what he truly thought all those years ago. Fix me? Am I some defective droid? Is that what this is all about? FIXING ME? Youre sick! You honestly believe the crazy shit that is coming out of your mouth! So yes you need to have a wake up call kid! You need an intervention! If I didnt love you Id tell you to fuck off and do your own thing! But I care about you! Youre my son! So yes this is about fixing where everything went wrong! Its about saving you before Snoke turns you into Vader-two-point-oh! Han shouts back at him. Kylo steps back from his father. He can feel the Force trembling with the power of his fathers love, but also his fear, his anger. The latter two are terrifying and the love being offered is not enough to compensate for them. Slowly he shakes his head. Youll never accept me as I am. I should have known better. You will never understand, he says quietly. The truth hurts, but here it is. Still he has to try , has to make his father understand! Some how! I can surpass Vader! I can be better than him! I can stop my Master! I can stop the bad things from happening! I know I can I just need more time! I just need to become stronger! he pleads with his father. Han has to understand! He has to! And he will twist you into a monster! You wont even recognize yourself when hes done! Youre so brainwashed that youre already partially there! Han takes a step towards him. I am not a monster! Kylo shouts, shrinking back as he does. Im not broken! I dont need fixing! Why dont you listen? You never listened! Neither did Mom or Uncle Luke! You were all always too busy to give a damn about anything or anyone other than yourselves! You never cared- It is then that the blow lands and Kylos head snaps to the side. His cheek burns and stings from the strike and the next thing he knows, Han has grabbed him by the shoulders and is shaking him. Thats not true! We cared! We always did! Thats why we sent you to Luke! To try and stop it from getting this far! From getting this bad! Dont ever say that we didnt care! Han is shouting at him. Kylo feels his chest tighten and he hunches forward and drops down, trying to pull away from his fathers grasp. Han had never struck him, never once laid a hand on him in anger. Not until now and now hes not letting Kylo go either. If I didnt care I wouldnt have tried three times to bring you back! Im trying but you have to meet me halfway! You have to give this up! Otherwise we cant fix anything! Han is shouting. Kylo still tries to pull away from him, struggling against his fathers grip. Hes sobbing he realizes, harsh ugly noises as he gasps for breath. Me giving up everything isnt meeting you halfway! he protests, finally wrenching himself free. He stares at Han. Its me losing myself so you can have your perfect child! So you can pretend that Im Ben Solo- You are Ben Solo! Hes dead! Kylo shouts. Hell I dont know if this dream child you thought you had even ever existed! Dont you get that? You say you want your son, well here I am! And Im so sorry that Im such a massive disappointment! Im sorry that all I fucking wanted was for you to accept me as me without all your fucking conditions! Is it too much to ask that my son not take after his Sith Lord grandfather? Han shouts back. Is that really so much to ask? Is it really that hard just to be a good person? To not be a Dark Side freak? Kylo stares at him, chest heaving, tears streaming down his face. All I wanted was to go home, he whispers. For you to accept me as I am. Even if Im a broken mess why is that so difficult for you to do Dad? Suddenly Han feels cold as the night wind whips around them. Guilt floods him and he opens his mouth to speak, but no words come out. Suddenly, he realizes that perhaps, just perhaps hes been wrong . That perhaps they all have. Ben-Kylo.. I- he reaches for his son and the black clothed man takes a fearful step back, shaking his head. Im not Ben. Dont you get it? Im not going to ever be him. There will never be a place for me in your world and even if there was, you dont want me. Youve made that clear, Kylo looks away, his arms wrapping around his torso in a self hug, trying to comfort himself. I had hoped things might have changed, he shook his head. But nothing has. I want to go home but home It isnt with you. And I wanted- a sob leaves him. I wanted it to be so Maker-damned badly! Kylo looks at his father. He doesnt feel hatred for the man, but a vast disappointment. A void of sadness, when he looks upon the older man. Han is staring at him, expression unreadable, a hand still reaching out to him. Kylo takes another step back. He knows what he has to do. He knows where he belongs now. And it will never be with his blood family, even as it tears him apart to admit it. Even though he wants it to be with them, he wants to feel that parental love, that acceptance. Even though he might still hold love for his father in his heart, they will never be a family. Not in the way that either of them wants. Good bye, Han Solo. Kylo draws himself up a little straighter, even as tears stream down his face. He pulls the Force around him, cloaking himself in blackness, vanishing from all practical sight before his fathers eyes. Then he turns and walks away, even as Han calls after him. Even as his father begs for him to stay, for him not to do this. Ben Solo would have stayed. But he is not Ben Solo, and so Kylo Ren walks away. He returns to Salvaged Hope and takes off his belt, pulling the tracker out. He crushes it under his boot heel and then slowly sinks into the pilots chair. Numbly he goes through the motions of flying the craft out of the hanger and off the planet. He types in the new set of coordinates for the Star Destroyer and watches as the space around him blurs and the old shuttle groans as she makes the jump to hyperspace. And then Kylo Ren sinks to the floor of his ship and wails in lamentation. He cries and cries and he doesnt care who feels it through the Force. Let the whole Galaxy know how much he is hurting right now. But in the end he runs out of tears. He can only mourn the loss for so long, partially because he knew it was always coming. In the end he just lies on the floor of his ship, staring up at the blinking sensor lights on the ceiling. Home he realizes isnt by blood, it is by those who will accept him, and all his faults, without choice among them. Those who will help him, without trying to fix him. Without tearing him apart. Home is on that old Star Destroyer, in Huxs arms and sparing with Phasma and when they return, running simulations with Mitaka and chatting with Ashara. That is home. That is his family. Rag-tag and broken, but they are his. With that thought, he slowly falls asleep, drained and exhausted. His massive form curls under the console, an arm under his head as a pillow and the other over it as if it will ward off nightmares. It must work, that or the nightmares cant keep up with him in hyperspace, for he dreams no dreams. No nightmares, no visions of homes with gardens. Just cold, peaceful darkness. --- Its been nearly two months. Two months since he last heard from Kylo Ren. Thats three more skirmishes with the Resistance, fifteen officers meetings, three Starkiller status reports, and one very tense meeting with Snoke in which the subject of the missing Knight did not come up at all and Hux escapes the meeting unscathed. There had been twenty simulations run in that time. Hux didnt have the heart to disband Rens platoon so he simply divides them up between himself and Phasma as they go through the drills and tactics. He has had four meetings with the other heads of the First Order, had to endure their sneering at his retreat from battle. Nevermind that staying would have resulted in death for himself and everyone aboard the old Star Destroyer. He pushes more plans through, demands more funding for Stormtrooper training, for their tech advancement. It is difficult, with Starkiller taking a sizable portion of their funds, even with their newly claimed planets. In the end Hux has to compromise and he hates it. Especially as his father leads the most vocal resistance against providing more funds for the General. There have been two holo calls from Mitaka and Ashara. They have not encountered the Resistance yet, and yet the planets they have visited so far have only given them a lukewarm reception. Even so they look extremely happy as they stand side by side, and while Hux is glad for them, it doesnt make the pain of Kylos absence any easier. It has been nearly sixty lonely nights. Sixty nights of lying awake and wondering if his lover is safe now. If he is happy. Sixty nights of telling himself it is better like this. That Kylo is in a good place. That this was the right thing to do. Sixty nights of failing to keep his composure and breaking down into tears that he hides against his pillow. On the sixty-third day Hux is conducting the sixteenth officers meeting, this one for the newest Academy graduates that had been assigned to his ship. There are a few assignments to give out, some updates to share, rules to go over, and a new requirement he is setting in place: he wants the officers all training in blasters. No one should have an excuse to be caught unawares. He will not let any of the people in his charge be defenseless just because they have a few more stripes. There will be tests of your ability- Hux ignores the sighs that come from his officers at this. They know better than to groan about it thankfully. And you will be expected to pass not only an accuracy test, but you will need to be able to dismantle and reassemble your blasters within a timeframe- More sighs at this. I would not ask you to do anything that I could not. You are permitted to chose the blaster type that you wish to specialize in, within reason Thanisson , he glared at the youngest and newest officer present who he knew from reading his file, had a taste for things that made large explosions and watched the boys smile fade a little in disappointment. He was going to have to remember to station that boy in the TIE-Fighter bay, the blond youth had an obsessive fascination with the Fighters and their fire power. If anyone was going to appreciate them it would be him, he might even be able to come up with some ideas to improve their newer designs. Hux made another mental note to let him interact with the design team and see if anything fruitful came of it. As I was saying- the door to the meeting room slid open and Hux felt a nerve twitch in his forehead. Unless they were about to be shot out of the sky he had specifically ordered that this meeting not be interrupted- Kylo Ren strode into the meeting room. Tall. Imposing and with a terrifying new mask in place. The new officers are turning around nervously to glance at the Force user, eyes wide with curiosity and fear. Ren, Hux feels his throat go dry, but someone manages to keep his composure. He lifts his chin a little, crushing down whatever feeling is trying to rise up in him. This is business, he has a meeting to attend to, the Knight cannot simply barge in whenever he wants. General, Rens voice growls from beneath the mask. The modulator is different, Hux notes. Lower in pitch, more animal sounding than human. Unless you have something dramatically important to report, I would appreciate if you didnt storm into my meetings with new officers, Hux keeps his tone steely, and thanks the Maker that he is able to, because all he wants to do is drop everything and throw himself into the Knight's arms. He waits half a beat, and when Ren says nothing, Hux gestures at the door, his eyes narrowing in impatience. Get out. To his relief Ren obeys without causing a scene. Hux is about to continue speaking when he feels the cold sensation of the Force pressing into his skull. I made my choice. My decision. Then the Force presence is gone and Hux blinks rapidly, letting out a shaky breath. Feelings well up inside him and he wants to end the meeting right that instant and chase after Ren. But he doesnt, instead he swallows, straightens his back a bit more and continues to speak as if nothing has happened. --- The meeting takes far too long to finish and after it does and Hux is alone in the room he feels that bone chilling sensation of Ren pressing against his mind. Feidhelm, Im home. Hux didnt think it was possible to put so much emotion into so few words. But he slowly sinks into a chair and puts a hand over his mouth to contain any noises that might escape him. He feels overwhelmed, like hes drowning as Kylo pours emotions and sensations into him. There is such relief in the Knight and then such sadness. Mourning of loss. So it had gone wrong. Hux took a shuddering breath in. There were so many questions he wanted to ask. So many things he wanted to say. He wanted to find the Knight that instant and hold him tightly. To apologize for being wrong, for putting the younger man is such an awful position! He had thought it was the right thing to do! Had thought that- Tonight, Ren gently interrupts him. I will come to you tonight. I have some work I need to do. I have been gone for too long.' Kylo, Hux whispers despite himself. Then he feels it, the stroke of an invisible hand over his back and an embrace that he cant see, his hand is pulled away from his mouth and lips press against his. And then it is all gone and Hux is alone in the meeting room, breathless and shaken. It takes him several minutes to compose himself, to trust that he will present a stern face to the world. Finally he stands and strides out of the room and to the bridge, he has his own work to do. --- Evening comes and Hux finds himself sitting at his desk in his quarters, trying to read a report. But hes read the same four lines nearly twenty times and remembered none of it. He hears the door hiss open and then close. Slowly he sets the report down and turns in his chair to regard his guest, knowing full well who it is. Only one person can easily override the locks without leaving a mark on the mechanics. Kylo Ren stands before him again, imposing and terrible. Hux regards him coolly, even though inside he feels like hes swallowed a bag of bees. Neither of them move for a long moment. Finally, Hux takes it upon himself to be the first to bend. He stands and approaches the Knight, stopping just inside his personal space. Theyre both breathing hard, as if theyve just run a race and Kylo reaches out, taking Huxs gloved hands and placing them along the releases of his new mask. The gesture touches Hux. Kylo showing him how to unmask him, how to remove this so very essential piece of armor, this shield between the Knight and the Galaxy. It speaks volumes of the trust that is between them. The hard won, battle forged trust that they share. Hux holds his breath as he presses in on the release catches. The helmet hisses and the front of the mask slides forward just a bit and slowly Hux lifts the ridiculously heavy helmet off his lovers head. He holds it between them, gazing at Ren. The Knight looks the same as when hed left, but there is something harder in his eyes. As if a small bit of hope has died out. Kylos hands go back over his, sliding up his arms and shoulders until they cup his face and the Knight pulls him into a kiss that makes Huxs knees weak. The kiss ends far too quickly as Ren presses their foreheads together and lets out a shuddering breath of relief. Emotions race over his face and for a moment it looks like hes in incredible pain. Im home , he whispers. Im home , Feidhelm. Kylo, Hux shifts the helmet that is still held awkwardly between them into one hand so he can stroke his lovers face. What happened? Kylo closes his eyes against the wave of pain that runs through him. He has rehearsed this, practiced it in his head over and over so that he could explain it to Hux without faltering. So the General would understand. So that he would know that Kylo tired . All the same, a whimper leaves him and Kylo pulls away. Hux doesnt restrain him and for that the Knight is grateful. There is no place for me with my blood family. They theyll never understand. Ill never be good enough for them. Theres always going to be something wrong with me, he looks at the ground. He hears Hux moving about, setting the heavy mask down on his desk and coming back to him. Kylo, Huxs voice is soft. There is nothing wrong with you. A hand lightly touches his arm, Hux had removed his gloves when he set the helmet down. Kylos mouth twists. Did you forget? Im twisted and sick and tainted with the Dark Side. I need fixing, he sneers bitterly, looking away from the General. Hux reaches up at touches his face with a warm hand, gently turning Ren back to face him. I have not forgotten anything, the General says firmly. I know the man I love, the man I would face Snoke and walk backwards into hell for. Green eyes meet Kylo and he sees a fire blazing in them. I know that man, that fearless warrior, that unstoppable Force wielder. The man I would give my heart to, and there is nothing wrong with him. Kylo feels his face flush and he bites his lip. Hux is always better with words, more eloquent than he is. My own father finds me loathsome. My very existence is a curse, something to be corrected, Ren whispers. How can you see anything worthwhile in me? Because your father is wrong , Hux growls and Kylo can feel the Generals anger. Not directed at him, but at his family, at his father. Because the great Skywalker Jedi is wrong , because Organa is wrong . They are fools, blinded by their prejudice, by their arrogant traditions. They cannot see all the potential that would exist by uniting Force-users. If they were to work together, then beings like Snoke would never come to power. Hux has heard Ren talk so many times about the schism between Jedi and Sith, the Light and Dark sides of the Force. As a tactician the General finds it ridiculous. Instead of uniting for a common goal, they allowed themselves to be separated and pitted against each other by beings who would manipulate them. Beings like Snoke who were a threat to everyone. Hux gently takes Kylos face in his hands. I see your potential Kylo Ren. I know that you are strong, he tells the Force-user. You have endured so much and I know you have a good heart. He rubs a thumb along Rens cheekbone fondly. Because you want for nothing more than create a sanctuary for those like yourself. You remember that silly idealization? Ren murmurs, brows lifting in a most hopeful expression. How could I forget? Hux smiles at him. I never saw you so alive as when you told me about it. When you said that there had to be others like you and that no one deserved to suffer like you had, just because they were different. He sighs then and draws the Force-User into an embrace. Im so sorry for putting you through this, a rnsearc , Hux whispers to him. I had hoped that your father might- I know, Ren murmurs, returning the embrace. I know you meant well. You always think of me and it is more than I deserve. Kylo- You and the others are the only family I have left now, Kylo hugs his lover a little tighter and presses his face against Huxs neck, breathing him in and a tremor runs through him. This is my home. With you. With the people who accept me as I am. Kylo  Hux doesnt seem to have words for once and one of his hands reaches up, cradling Kylos head as he holds him tightly. Theyre both shaking and holding onto each other like fate will rip them apart at a moments notice.  A chuisle, a chro , the General murmurs finally, breathlessly. Never has this felt more right than in this moment. Hux holding him in his arms, Hux who has rebuilt him, loved him at his worst, protected him and taken care of him. It has been a battle at times, but now Kylo knows for certain where he belongs and it is right here. Hes truly home. The Knight nuzzles at Huxs neck before pressing a kiss to it, right above the high collar of his uniform. I love you Feidhelm, he whispers. Ive missed you so terribly, he presses another kiss to Huxs neck, this one a little harder, not quite bruising yet, but it will leave a red mark and Hux makes a quiet noise, his entire body tensing. Feidhelm, Kylo breaks then embrace, taking a step back to gaze at his lover. I want you, the words come out in a rush. Please. Make make me feel like Im at home. He opens his arms, inviting Hux to take the initiative. The Generals jaw drops slightly, eyebrows lifting. Are are you certain? he asks. I dont want you to feel like- I dont, Kylo cuts him off. No this isnt obligation, this isnt something he owes Hux. No, this is something he wants, something he yearns for. For his lover to touch him intimately. For them to be joined again. Please, Feidhelm, he looks at Hux. Touch me? Hux moves forward then, one hand undoing his uniform jacket and casting it aside as he sheds it. He presses up against Kylo and kisses him, fingers tangling in the Knights black mane. His tongue presses inside a willing mouth and Kylo is kissing him back like a man starved. The General breaks the kiss, much to Rens disappointment and motions behind him. Bed, he says, pulling off his boots and undershirt as he does. Kylo lifts his hands to start undoing his robes, but Hux stops him. No. No, let me? There is such longing in the Generals eyes that Kylo cannot deny him and lets Hux lead him to the bed and push him back down onto it. The General kneels then, carefully pulling off each on Rens boots before climbing onto the bed and straddling Rens hips. The Knight pushes himself back up to kiss Hux and the Generals fingers work to undo his cowl and toss it aside to join his undershirt and uniform jacket. The outer robes go next and then Hux is easing his undershirt off and it joins the rapidly growing pile of clothes. There is a pause then as General and Knight stare at each other, both naked to the waist and panting. Kylo reaches up with one hand and strokes his fingers along Huxs face, watching as the Generals eyes sweep shut and the redhead turns his face into Kylos palm, kissing it. He takes Kylos hand and kisses it, lavishing it with his tongue before gently nipping at the tender flesh on his wrist. Kylo groans softly and Hux kisses his way up the inside of the Knights arm until he reaches the long scar there. There he pauses, as if debating something with himself and just when Kylo goes to pull his arm away, Hux presses a kiss against the scar. Youre beautiful, Kylo Ren, he breathes. All of you. Then hes kissing the pink tissue, trailing his tongue over it and working his way up to Kylos shoulder where the blaster wound is from years ago, from a recon mission gone wrong. Hux worships the old wound with his mouth, whispering all the while to Ren how beautiful he is. The Knight drinks it all in, writhing and moaning under Huxs touch. Face aflame and body trembling as Hux worships every scar that covers him. He kisses across Rens chest, hands tracing over his stomach and sides, fingers gentle and clever as they dip down to undo Rens pants. Hux! Ren gasped as the General placed a particularly hard love bite on his neck. You okay? the General asks, pulling his lips away to gently nuzzle at his Knight. Yes, Ren catches his lips and kisses him hungrily, hands grabbing at slim hips and rocking up against them so Hux moans into his mouth. They could have continued just like that, kissing and frotting against each other. But they both want more and with a groan Hux breaks free. He kisses down Kylos neck, down his chest, lightly biting at his sides and then kissing along his waistband. Wait! A hand shoots down and grabs Hux by the hair and the General freezes, glancing up at his lover. I didnt forget, Kylo, he reassures gently. The Knight shakes his head. N-Not that, he pushes himself up on his other arm. Ren bites his lip briefly and looks at Hux with such longing that the General fears his heart may stop. Let me ride you? Ren asks, almost shyly. I- I want to see you, feel you deep inside me. The simple request makes Hux almost unbearably hard and he rolls off his lover, leaning up to kiss him. Anything for you, he promises as Ren undoes his pants and wriggles out of them and his underwear. Then the Knight is pushing Hux onto his back and working off his uniform pants, taking the opportunity to kiss at Huxs belly and bite at his thighs before straddling him. Lube, Ren murmurs and Hux presses it into his hand, leaning up to kiss him again. This feels a bit surreal, like hes in a dream. There are worse dreams to have he supposes as he pushes the General back down onto the bed with a smirk. Hux just gazes up at him, arms thrown back by his head in mock surrender and Ren basks in the power of that gaze. In the feeling of love , unconditional, that envelops him. I want you to watch, Ren hears himself say and Hux licks his lip, nodding wordlessly, reaching a hand up to trail it lightly down Kylos chest, pausing briefly to tangle in dark curls before starting to stroke him. Ren groans, his eyes closing. Make it feels so good to have his lovers hands on him! To be touched and loved, and worshiped with such care. He can feel Huxs erection, hot and heavy, wedged between his cheeks and Ren opens the lube, slicking his fingers and snapping it shut. He reaches behind himself, arching his back and presses one digit against his entrance. Huxs other hand is stroking over his stomach. Easy, the General murmurs to him. Easy, dont push yourself. Dont rush, enjoy it. We have all night. Ren nods, swallowing and slowly starts to tease himself open. It helps a little to have Huxs hand working his cock. He adds more lube to his fingers and starts to press them inwards. His eyes flutter closed at the slow stretching sensation. It has so long, even though Hux had his tongue and fingers buried inside the Knights ass not that long ago. It feels like a lifetime since hes opened himself, since hes let himself feel pleasure like this. Easy, Hux is encouraging him in hoarse whispers as he continues to tease his cock. Gently, youre doing so well. Enjoy it, fill yourself up. Fuck, Ren gasps as he pressing his fingers as deep as they can go. He feels the barest brush against that bundle of nerves and it makes fireworks jump across his vision. Hux moans beneath him and Kylo starts to move his fingers more desperately. He feels impatient, he wants more. Needs more. He gives himself a few more moments and then hes lubing up Huxs cock and raising himself up on his knees, positioned over it, holding it with one hand, spreading himself as best he can with the slick fingers of the other. Both Huxs hands move to his hips, helping to stabilize him, to guide his descent. The initial breach makes him gasp and he tenses up. Hux is whispering soothing nonsense to him, his thumbs drawing small circles on Rens hips as he catches his breath. Then he sinks lower. It is slow, slower than he wants, but Hux wont let him rush this. The General keeps his motions slow and careful, making sure Ren pauses every time he winces or stiffens. Finally, at long last their bodies and flush together and Ren falls forward, bracing himself with his hands on either side of Huxs head. Easy, Hux soothes. Just breathe, youre doing fine. There is strain in the Generals voice and his cock pulses inside Rens body, but he doesnt move. He just runs his hands along Kylos sides and back, drawing him into a slow kiss. Still with me? Kylo shifts slightly and groans as he frantically nods. Yes, he gasps. It feels good. So good to be stretched open again and filled by his lover. Slowly he lifts his hips, rising up on Huxs cock, eliciting a gasp from the General as he sinks back down. Kylo! Hux is gripping his arms tightly, one hand frantically holds on to Rens hips, nails digging into his skin and it is perfect. I missed you, the Knight murmurs as he starts to move again. Missed this. Missed us. He rocks himself on the Generals cock, grinding his hips slowly up and down, body shivering at the sensation of it. Of his lover filling him, it is perfect, and all his thoughts are that he is home, that he is loved and where he belongs. There is not a foul thought in sight as he gazes down at his lover with half lidded eyes. The General is panting, his skin pink and blushing with exertion and the muscles in his neck and arms are straining. Kylo leans forward and bites down on the Generals neck, licking at sweat and pressing hard kisses there. The motion pulls Huxs cock out of him and the General whines against the onslaught of Rens tongue and teeth and the loss of the tight heat around him. But then Ren pulls back after leaving a bruising kiss on Huxs collar bone and repositions himself, giving Huxs cock a reassuring squeeze as he lower himself again. Hux! his voice jumps as he sinks down particularly hard and Hux gasps, hips bucking upwards to meet the motion. His hips jump a few more times and the General sits up, pulling Rens hips down as hard as he can as he kisses the Knight. Kylo indulges him before pushing him back down, pinning his shoulders, a hand gripping his hair as he starts to move in earnest. They both give into reflex and their coupling picks up speed. Kylo throws his head back and wails. His hands move to clutch Huxs forearms as the General grips his hips and thrusts his hips up to meet Rens wild motions. Theyre both flush red and sweat is gleaming on their bodies as the pant and strain against each other. One of Huxs hands closes around his cock and Rens hips stutter. Enjoy it, Hux encourages. Give yourself pleasure. Take it. You deserve it. Take all of it. Kylos eyes roll back in his head and his hands fall to the bed, bracing himself as he gets lost in the act. Fucking into Huxs hand and then grinding back down onto his cock. Kylos ears are ringing and his vision blurs, everything feels tight and tense and hot as if hes chasing a white light. Then his body seizes up and relief floods him, crashing into him like wave after blissful wave. He shakes and trembles, hes shouting he thinks. Huxs name is on his lips and the rest he doesnt remember. Something behind them pops and shatters and he doesnt care. Hes too high on his orgasm to notice. Hux! Hux! Fill me- he pleads, rocking himself on his lover through the bliss of his orgasm. Hux surges upwards, kissing him hard and frantically. Theyre both shaking and he feels the Generals hips stuttering. One hand pressing down on the Knights hips, trying to give himself leverage to push deeper, the other arm wrapped around his back, clinging to him, clawing at him slightly, desperate for closeness. Kylo squeezes down on his lover and then Hux comes with a shout, giving a few more thrusts and then the other arm wraps around Kylo and hes holding onto him for dear life as he empties himself into the Knights body. They stay sitting like that, arms around each other, gasping and shaking. Kylo can feel himself leaking slightly as they both start to grow soft, Hux slips out of him and the sweat and cum between them grows sticky. Then Hux moves, kissing him slowly, smoothing his hair back with his clean hand. Shh, its okay Kylo, he whispers. Its okay. Dont cry. Youre safe. Youre home. I-Im not crying, he protests softly. I-Im not Oh but he is. But theyre not tears of sadness, or loss, he realizes. For the first time ever he is weeping in joy. I love you Kylo, Hux murmurs to him. He is brushing Rens tears away now. Did I hurt you? Are you all right? he leans back slightly, brow furrowed in worry. Ren sniffles and nods. Im.. Im okay. Im..  he smiles a bit, blinking and he pulls his lover to him and kisses him. m good, he breathes. Im happy. Im finally home. He hears Hux let out a breath of relief and the General presses his face against Rens neck, a shudder going through him. Im glad. I missed you. At the opposite side of the bed, Millicent jumps up, chirping curiously at them and then proceeds to lick at the sweat along Kylos back. The Knight laughs as her raspy tongue tickles him and he reaches down to pet her. I missed you too Millicent, he smiles and nuzzles against his lover. Feidhelm, he presses a kiss to Huxs temple. My General, he murmurs fondly. Hux looks up at him, smiling tiredly, but looking at him like he is the only thing that matters in the entire Galaxy. My Knight. Notes: CONTEST I am hosting a contest for fan art/edits/photomanips for this fiction. It starts Friday August 26 2016 and runs for two weeks til Friday September 9 2016. My beta and I will be judging the entries. You may submit up to three entries. For those of you that I interact with outside of AO3, if you know spoilers you're not allowed to use them in your submission. To submit entries please just link them in the comments, or if you have instagram, share them there and tag me and use the hashtag "balanceofpowercontest". >You are welcome to share this contest information and fic on your preferred social media (facebook, tumblr, ig, etc). Just link back to the fic if you do please :) PRIZES First Place: $50 of their choice of Nyx Cosmetics OR $50 of merchandise from TEEFURY , whichever the winner prefers and a shout out on my ig. Second & Third Place: Shoutout on Instagram for your social media platform of choice + jewellery + adorable resin pieces by the amazing Odin's Bead Hall Writing this fiction, being able to reach so many people and share this passion that I have has been such a privilege and honor. I'm so amazed at all the people I've met from all walks of life who are drawn together by their love of Star Wars. I cannot thank you all enough for it. For our discussions, debates and explorations of some of these more volatile topics as well as your unending support. It means the world to me and I hope that as this fiction wraps up you all will be around for the sequel. <3 "A rn mo chro" translates as Secret of my heart. "T brn orm" translates as "I'm so sorry" "a leanbh" translates as "my child" "A chuisle, a chro" translates as " Pulse of my heart/My hearts beloved." "T gr again duit " and "T m i ngr leat." both translate as "I love you" in varying intensities. Chapter 13 Notes: Welcome, gentle reader, to the unexpected 13th chapter of this fiction. While I had originally devised this to be part of chapter 12, Ao3 told me to calm down on my word count, so with that in mind, I present to you this chapter. Before you proceed further, please be aware of the following distressing themes that this chapter contains and explores: -discussion and consideration of the ethics of using weapons of mass destruction to quickly end a war -slavery -political speeches -hetero celebratory sex -child slavery -human trafficking -corrupt politicians -kidnapping -vague Force-based monsters -a sex-free dominance scene in which things go wrong and a safe word is used (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) --- How dearly does your Republic love you? The question rings out over the crowd and silence greets it in response. How many strides have they made to ensure your happiness? Your safety? Silence meets these questions as well. I know this world. I know that you have been plagued by famine, I see hunger in the eyes of children and adults alike. Old and young. I know that your soil is poisoned by manufacturing chemicals and that sickness is common, the Togruta regards the crowd, slowly she bows her head and then looks back at them, giving them a small sad smile, making eye contact with as many as she can as she hums. And yet I have never met a kinder, more hard working people. I stepped foot on this world barely two weeks ago and you have shared what little you have with me and mine. You have told me of your hopes, your dreams and how things used to be. How this planet was once thriving and safe. A beacon of hope for all those who sought a foothold, a way to raise themselves up. So many of you have come from all different corners of our great Galaxy, many of you came here to make a better life for yourselves and your families. And yet you arrived only to find this world in desolation. Broken down and neglected by the Republic that it has served for nearly three decades now. How did such a thing happen? The Rebellion won its great war, and they made promises did they not? She arches her brow regarding the crowd, letting the words sink in a little bit. Letting them become bitter of their own accord. Behind her stands her husband and half his platoon. They had been worried about how they might be received on this world. While the past two planets had received them politely enough, there had been no strong gains made. No one had been inspired enough to rise above where they were. They had been content with their simple lives working in factories, away from politics and war and not really caring beyond the scope of their own worlds. But this planet, this outlier in the manufacturing region, had suffered heavy negligence. Once home to some of the most profitable factories in the system, turning out a variety of goods, it, like its sibling planets, had been sought after by the Rebellion as a critical piece of territory in the war against the Old Empire. However, once acquired and stripped of its resources, the Republic had lost interest in it. There had been no recovery funding, no rebuilding. No clean up after the factories had been damaged and destroyed and the mines emptied of precious resources. The people had been abandoned. They had but a single representative in the Senate. An old man who spent most of his time sleeping. Unfit for politics and probably going to die soon. A single voice that would never be heard among the thousands and thousands of others. Assuming he could be bothered to wake up and rally for the sake of his people, Ashara doubted it. And yet despite the extreme negligence, the people had persevered. They had scraped together what they could to survive. They were a proud people, this little planet was a melting pot of all different species and cultures. And it was dying. If something was not done soon the people who were left would waste away along with their home. Rebellion failed you, she tells them sternly. The Republic has failed you. They have not taken any responsibility for helping those that they claim to represent in their Senate. They cannot even be bothered to patrol this sector to ensure that slavers and scoundrels do not prey upon their people. Her tone sharpens. She has broken bread with many in the crowd before her over the last two weeks. She has held small children in her arms as they cry from sickness. Mitaka has been by her side the entire time, expression one of growing disquiet and upset at the state that these people live in. They have spent many of the past nights sleepless and talking, trying to find a way to help these people. To consider what the First Order might do and how it could turn this planet around. It is one planet, but a strong alliance would bring the others around. There is work that needs to be done. The factories need to be rebuild, the planet itself needs to be decontaminated, waste cleaned up. Homes repaired. Infrastructure reestablished and security. The people of this planet need to feel safe . Like they can depend on the First Order. Give them that, give the people hope . Let them see that Order trumped a corrupted Senate every day of the standard year. I see the collars of slavery on the necks of children in this world. I see desperation in everyones eyes. You are afraid, she moves her hands, resting them on her breast over her heart. It never ceased to amaze her how slavery flourished under the Republic, how it had taken the hand of the Empire to bring about its end. Even now, children were being sold, families torn apart by the greed of others. She looks out over the crowd, her black eyes burning brightly. But I am here to tell you all today that you need not be afraid any longer. I am here to offer you an alliance. To extend the strength and resources of the First Order to you. You need not suffer at the hands of a rotten and corrupt Senate! A Senate that would sooner line its own pockets and suck the fat off the bones of a feast while you scrounge for the meagerest scraps of marrow! No! she shook her head, her headtails moving about slightly as she did. You all deserve better than that! Than a slow death by the poisoning of your world that you worked so hard to build! The Republic, they dont know the first thing about what youve gone through, what youve suffered! They dont want to know, they dont care, it is plain to see! They would rather thrive on the pain of others, she raised her warped and crippled hand. They would send their attack dog the Resistance to rob you of what little you have left! Take from your everything you hold dear! Is that what you want? Is that how the people of Latoma will be remembered? She withdraws her hand from view, holding it against her chest and taking a deep breath in as the emotions war through her. The crowd is stirring now. They are at a tipping point and her next words must be precise. Dopheld shifts behind her and she slowly lets a breath out. This is the part theyve discussed, the part that he had actually suggested. It is costly, but if it gains them this planets loyalty it will be well worth it. The First Order has the resources to protect you, to rebuild your homes, to make the earth fertile again and restore your factories. We will never enslave you, nor lie to you. All we ask for in return is your support. You have the chance to change your destiny, to change the fate of the Galaxy! The Republic is chaos, death and destruction waiting to happen, it rots from the inside out like a infected fruit. Would you eat rotten, foul fruit that is covered in lies or would you rather step into a new world? One of Order? She spreads her arms, opening them to the crowd. The gesture inviting and welcoming. Silence hangs heavy in the air like a choking humidity. Then the noise starts. It moves forward from the very back of the crowd in a ripple, gathering volume as it surges towards the small stage she is standing upon. The roar of the crowd is deafening. Ashara draws in a shaky breath, her head is spinning and her heart is racing as the cheers wash over them. In this moment she knows she has them and slowly she takes a step back, bringing her hands before her and clasping them at chest level in a gesture of thankfulness. Dopheld has moved forward, standing at her elbow. He is grinning and she looks at him a smile breaking out onto her face. There will be work to do, things to arrange, agreements to draft. There is so much to be done! As we planned, have your platoon distribute half of our supplies to the people, she murmurs in his ear, leaning close to him so he can hear her words over the cheers of the crowd. Ensure that the medic tends to as many as he can. They have to work quickly, to make a show of good faith to tide the people over until the allegiance between the First Order and the planet of Latoma is finalized. She is sure that the General will understand. I already have, he tells her, his hand going to hold hers. He offers her a smile, finally, victory. The first of what he hopes will be many. The Togruta had been so hard on herself when the first two planets of their tour had only given them a lukewarm response. She had started to question her abilities, her words. Everything. He had found her quietly crying in one of the halls of their ship and his heart had broken to see her so sad. She had fought so hard and for so long, only to be faced with dispassion from so many. An apathy almost. It had been crushing for the young politician. She had been wholly unprepared for it, he knew. If her family had still been alive it would have been part of what they would have taught her. Something they would have exposed her to and helped her manage and recover from. Mitaka felt bad that he could not do more for her, that he could not inspire the way her mother and father had. He was not good with words, not cunning like she was, but he believed in her. He loved her. It seemed rather useless in the face of such crushing, if polite, rejection. Dont blame yourself, he told her as he had pulled her into an embrace. What am I doing wrong? Why cant they see that this is the right thing? Why wont they listen? Why dont they care? Mitaka had silently held her for a long time, trying to find an answer for her. The truth was that he didnt know. He couldnt begin to know how or why people would not join them. Why they would not accept the Order after all the turmoil that the Galaxy had seen. Then it had dawned on him. The Galaxy was tired of war. The Clone Wars, the Republic and Empires on going battle. It had stretched on for too long. The people were exhausted and afraid. The First Order was being seen as just another faction that would bring death and destruction. Just more trouble. Which was all the more reason they had to win them over without bloodshed. With the promise of doing better than the Senate would. With a promise that the First Order would do what the Senate could not and promise to care for its people, protect them. And they would . The Order would do better than the Republic or the Empire, Mitaka knew it! The Order had learned from the Empires mistakes, and was built on the foundation of stability and balance that the Senate of the Republic lacked. And with Hux as their leader, Mitaka was certain the Galaxy would right itself. That was, if the General would step forward to do so. Leading an army and ruling were two very different things, but something told Mitaka that the redhead would make a compassionate leader, at least once the war was won. He gave Asharas hand another squeeze and looks back at the crowd as they cheer. This is victory unlike anything hes ever experienced. It is different from the violence of the battlefield. It is exhilarating and amazing and all done simply by taking the time with the people and using the right words. He is so proud of Ashara in this moment, for having gained this fantastical victory all on her own, his heart feels like it will burst with happiness. This is the right thing. This is the way to lead the Galaxy out of chaos and darkness. They stand together, side by side, basking in their victory and then Ashara is pulling him off the stage, grinning widely. Mitaka follows her without complaint and then makes a noise of surprise as she pulls him into a passionate kiss once they are out of sight of the crowd. We did it! she exclaims, kissing him again. We did it! It was you, your words that swayed them. Youre the one with the clever tongue, he tells her, kissing her back. Congratulations, my Lady, on your first victory. Ashara grins at him, baring her pointed teeth. She is panting heavily and her tongue darts out to lick at her lips, there is a sparkle in her black eyes. If it had not been for you, dearest Dopheld. For your love and support, we would not have this victory. My brave and clever Lieutenant, she bites her lip, letting her fingers brush along the hidden buttons of Mitakas uniform and she gives him a coy look as he strokes a thumb over her cheek. Her skin feels warm to the touch, flush with victory and she turns her head, nipping teasingly at his hand. He blushes ridiculously. She has always been the more outgoing of the two of them, the one more willing to be aggressive and take a lead. He would be lying if he said he minded, but now, with the cheers of the crowd still loud in their ears, he pulls her close and kisses her again. I love you, he murmurs between kisses. So much. Ashara- She cuts him off with another impassioned kiss and then is dragging him back to their ship. He can feel her trembling with excitement, with the intensity of the crowds reaction. It is a heady feeling, as if theyre both drunk on the sensation of victory alone. If every planet could be like this, if they could bring the Galaxy to the Order without spilling blood! The amount of power, of influence it would take would be staggering, but in this moment it seems entirely possible. They feel unstoppable together. So long as they are side by side, nothing can stand in their way. Mitaka presses the Togruta against the hull of the ship, kissing her, their bodies flush. Maker, I love you so much, he whispers, her body is warm through her white dress and she is trembling. Hes kissing down her neck, sucking lightly at her collarbone, his hands drifting down to her waist. Her robotic hand goes to his hair, knocking his uniform hat away and tugging at the black locks, her other arm wraps around his back as she arches against him. Shes whispering frantically in her native tongue. Its a mix of clicks and hums along with half growled, vowelless words that Mitaka knows he can never reproduce, although thats not to say he hasnt tried before. He moves a hand to cup at the swell of her breast, hidden beneath the white material of her dress. She always wears whites and creams, simple, long flowing gowns, but they make her look every bit as regal and beautiful as a queen. Her whispering changes into a low, halting moan and shes pulling his face up from where it is buried against her neck and kissing hard, nipping at his lips with her teeth. Inside, she murmurs against his lips. Inside, inside. He pulls away, but not before lifting her up into his arms. She gives a little hop and her legs wrap around his waist and her arms around his neck. Fortunately the gangplank onto the ship is not far and theyre inside in seconds, Mitaka frantically typing in the code to shut the entryway to the ship. He has every intention of carrying her to their quarters, but his wife has other ideas as she is biting at his earlobe and pressing kisses against his neck, teasing her tongue along the high collar of his uniform. Her robotic hand snakes between them, pressing the palm of it against his half hard cock and he groans, pressing her against the wall of the ship to stabilize them and draw her lips into another kiss. Cant even wait for a bed? he murmurs, half teasing her as she undoes his pants and draws him out. The cool metal of her hand is chilling and he moans again, hiding his face against her neck as she works him. I think you protest too much, dearest Dopheld, she whispers breathlessly. Her legs are trembling as she tries to shift her position on his waist without letting go of him. I would hate to ruin your dress, he whispers, smiling against her hot skin as he kisses at it. His hands move to cup her ass, lifting her up a bit. He holds her there, her breast level with his face now and kisses along the top of her chest, mouthing at the soft mounds through the lightweight material. Maker damn the dress! Ashara whispers. Doph- she groans and he feels her nipples harden and bites at them through the fabric, earning himself a throaty noise from his wife and a particularly firm tug on his cock that makes his knees shake. He looks up at her, reveling in the sight of the normally so put together woman, with her perfect speech and bearing being so undone. Shes even more beautiful when shes like this, he thinks to himself. Like a goddess. Mitaka leans up and kisses her slowly. As he does he slowly shifts her body and feels her hands moving between them, one guiding his cock, the other pushing her undergarments aside. This feels like perfection, she is slick and warm and welcoming as he sinks into her. Mitaka groans, the noise ending in something like a sob. Youre perfect, he whispers mindlessly as he kisses her. Asharas arms wrap around his neck again as she is kissing him back. So perfect, so beautiful. I love you, her words against his lips are accompanied by a hum that he feels down in his very core and he cries out softly and his hips start to desperately move. She scrambles against him, arching herself and grinding down onto him, trying to ride him even as he thrusts up into her, driving her body against the wall of the ship. All their pretenses forgotten, everything else has fallen by the wayside except for this moment. Her body and his frantically coupling, riding high on the emotions of this much needed victory and Asharas cries rising in their pitch as she gasps and clings to him. All too quickly he is spilling inside her with a groan and feels her legs tightening around his waist, unwilling to let him go. Stay- she gasps. Stay inside, she hugs him close, panting in his ear as she rests her chin on his shoulder. Dopheld- Ashara is trembling, gasping and he nuzzles against her, pressing a kiss to her neck. Let me? he asks. He wants to bring her that toe curling pleasure, she is close, he can feel her body quivering around his. She is so close, so very close. She had once been so opposed to the idea, afraid of it almost. So odd, given that she was the bolder of them, but the idea of his burying his face between her legs, of tasting her, had been so foreign, so strange and alien . One cautious try was all it had taken though, the gentlest of kisses and touches on their wedding night. Mitaka had seen plenty of holo porn, the Academy for all its rigor had a thriving student run black market. So he knew how it was supposed to work, in theory at least, and he had desperately wanted to make their first time good , hed heard the stories from his peers about it hurting and bleeding and it had been hard to filter through fact and fiction or sometimes wild fantasy. So that night he had want it to be gentle, perfect and give her everything possible. And much to the Togrutas surprise, she had loved it. Now she kissed him slowly and nodded, biting her lip, almost shy. His asking always makes her blush. Please? she asked breathlessly. Please Dopheld? Hes already carefully sliding out of her, making sure not to drop her as he slides down to his knees and with a grunt pushes her up along the wall more, encouraging her to let her legs relax as they tremble. Hes kneeling before her and she lifts her legs once more, hooking them over his shoulders as his hands go to cup her rear, supporting her weight. The Togruta moves her dress aside, black eyes watching him, her chest heaving and her tongue licks over her lips. Mitaka places the first kiss on the inside of her thigh and she shudders. He places another and another, biting gently at one taut muscle and making her cry out. Doph dont tease me, she pants, her fingers both robotic and twisted flesh go to his hair, tugging him forward, closer to her. He flicks eyes eyes up to hers and smiles before leaning in and pressing his face against her mound. His tongue darts out and he finds that tender bundle of nerves. That little wink of flesh buried in her most intimate lips. Mitaka laps at it, wiggling it with the tip of his tongue and Ashara wails above him. He nips at her soft folds and presses his face forward more, plunging his tongue into her hole, tasting the mix of her and him. Salty and bitter and perfect, he would have drunk from her like a fountain but her hands are pulling urgently at his hair and guiding him back to the more sensitive part of her anatomy. Above him she is writhing and grinding her hips against his face, pressing him closer and he complies with a soft moan, kissing and lapping at her. Her legs tighten around his head and breathing becomes a little difficult, but he doesnt mind, because he knows she is close. That she feels good. Just- she gasps. Yes! Just-Just like that! Hes quite certain that she will pull his hair out by the roots this time, but he continues, licking and teasing that sensitive nub, savoring the taste of her. Flicking his tongue along it and lightly sucking on the flesh, rolling it between tongue and lips. Then Ashara is screaming above him and her entire body goes rigid. Mitaka keeps kissing at her until her fingers slowly release from his hair and with trembling arms he lowers her down into his lap. Her legs are shaking just as badly as his arms are and they fall on either side of his waist, loosely clinging to him as she pulls him into a kiss. I love you, he whispers. I love you so much, his voice trembles as they kiss and he brushes her tears away with one hand. She is mimicking the motion on him and he laughs softly, pulling her closer to him. My dearest Dopheld, she hums and Mitaka feels warm from head to toe. They stay like that for a few minutes, basking in the afterglow of their scandalous rendezvous and their victory. But after a while Mitaka starts to wiggle and with a blush that had nothing to do with their previous activity, he asks her, Ashara? Can we move? My legs are starting to fall asleep. --- Leia stood on the bridge of the Star Cruiser. There had been no further reports on the location of the First Order Destroyer in weeks. There had been no word from Luke, who had slipped away at the first chance hed gotten. Han had returned, briefly, looking utterly devastated. It didnt take a genius to figure out that whatever hed tried to say or do to convince Ben to stay had failed. What Leia had not expected was for him to go for the whiskey she had stashed in her quarters and start downing it without even the pretense of a shot glass. Hed not actually started talking until the bottle was mostly empty, but Leia could feel the regret rolling off him in waves as he recounted the meeting with Ben. As he told her just how damaged he was, how brainwashed, and how far hed fallen to the Dark Side. He.. he actually thinks that you can use the Dark Side for good! Han moaned, his head in his hands. Hes got in it his head that he can surpass Vader! That if he can kill Snoke then somehow he can stop fate or something ridiculous like that! Han downed the last of the bottle, which Chewie plucked from his hand before he could throw it at the wall in frustration. Han, you did all you could- No, I fucked up Leia! he looked at her, more miserable than she can ever remember seeing him. I fucked it all up. I was so ready just to get him out of there, to intervene and take action, I scared him off. I  I did something Ill regret for the rest of my life. And that was how Leia found out about the complete dissolution of any chance they might have had to get their son back. How she found out that Han had lost his temper, had not only shouted, but struck their only son. The son who he had already suspected was deeply damaged and having his mind manipulated. It had taken all of her restraint not to slap the smuggler then and there. Somehow, Maker help her, she had managed. So now Han was gone, the Wookie having escorted the heavily intoxicated smuggler back onto the Falcon with an apologetic grunt to Leia that translated as I knew I should havent let him talk to Ben alone. Im sorry Princess. Leia stared out at the stars, wondering where her son was now. Perhaps perhaps if they gave it time, the grip that Ben was trapped in would loosen. Snoke would be guarding the boy now, ensuring that he didnt falter from the path to the Dark Side. Perhaps this had just all been too much. Too many emotions and too many confrontations. With a sigh she reached out with the Force, searching for a sign of her son. He had to be in just as much pain as she and Han were. He had to be scared, frightened and she wanted nothing more than to take him back. To take him back no matter what. He was still her son, no matter what. Ben I love you, my son. --- Kylo Ren rolled over, snoring softly as he pressed his face against the pillows and Millicent shifted herself so she was in prime snuggling position between the large mans legs. Hux watched them from where he sat at his desk, a faint smile on his face that didnt quite reach his eyes. He was glad Kylo was sleeping through the night. The General had thought when the Knight had returned that his own sleep would be better than it had been. He was wrong. Whatever Snoke had stirred up in his mind all those months ago, it wasnt going away. If he was honest with himself though, it had never left. Hed just learned to ignore it, like he had everything else. Crushed it down until he could sweep it under the proverbial rug and it had taken years to do so. Hed still had nightmares about it when hed started at the Academy. Not that seeing his mother murdered before him had really helped that. Hux sighed and took a sip from the glass of Vasarian brandy that was sitting on his desk. Ren had been back for a month now and Mitaka and Ashara had finally given them a report of a victory, even if it was a bit costlier than expected. Hux could work with that though, he could argue in favor of it against the heads of the Order. Now they just needed to keep getting those sort of results. He had faith that they could, but he could not shake the feeling of dread that seemed to have made itself a permanent home in the pit of his stomach. He cannot let their friends come to harm, yet there is only so much he can do against a being like Snoke. But how far would he go to ensure their safety? How far would he go for Kylo? How far could he go? Hux takes another sip of the brandy. He cannot escape what Snoke had told him, what the ancient monster had all but gleefully assured him would happen. That he would give in to the bloodlust that has been slowly simmering away for years, ignored and unconfronted. That he will fire Starkiller. He will have his revenge. The General looks back at his desk. Lying on it under the dim glow of the light is a scrap of black cloth, in the center of which sits a broken slave collar. His collar. From that terrible day when hed been taken. There is no logical reason for him to hold on to it, yet he does. Clinging to the painful memory, to how his planet was wronged by the Republic. As if he somehow might forget why he wants to bring the Republic to its knees. Constantly reminding himself of how much he hates them for for all that they failed to do. Part of him hates himself as well. Trembling fingers slide over the cool metal. Had he really once been so tiny? So small that this metal band had fit around his neck? Even all these years later, if he picks up the broken circlet it feels impossibly heavy in his hand. He can almost feel the weight of it on his neck again. The terror of when hed been thrown in that cage with the other children. When hed realized just how powerless he was and that no one was coming to save them. A chill runs through him and he thinks of the times he has willingly knelt before Kylo and begged the Knight to collar and control him. How sickeningly calm he has always felt when Kylo takes control away from him. A dramatic contrast from how he feels now as he handles the metal ring on the desk. He'd worked so hard to put the past behind him and yet it was damnably insistent on being in the forefront the of his mind. What would his mother have said of this? Of him kneeling and willingly bowing his head? Would she not be disgusted? After all his people have suffered for so long and he goes and finds comfort in it. How utterly disgusting. Pathetic and weak-willed. That would be what his father would say. Hux closes his eyes for a few minutes, swallowing heavily and trying to make the lump in his throat go away. All the emotions crowd on his mind, the self-loathing, the hatred for his father, the shame of finding comfort in bondage, and the terror that he will fire Starkiller for a reason as pointless as revenge. How many of these dark desires for death and destruction are truly his own, he cant tell. That is perhaps what is the most terrifying of all. Has he really always been so monstrous? Had he really only needed that tiny push, that little reminder, to make him want to rain hellfire down on millions, if not billions of beings? Had he always been so weak? Could he not keep his own mind in check? Could he not rise above the monster that his father was? Hux let out a shaky breath, resting his elbows on his desk and pressing the palms of his hands against his eyes. Im not my father! he whispers aloud to himself, as if saying will make it more concrete. Im not! Im no ones puppet! the General takes another shuddering breath. He hates how badly he longs for the feeling of that cool Force-woven collar around his neck. How he wants it to quiet his frantic thoughts. He wants nothing more than Kylos voice in his ear giving him commands. To simply, completely disengage himself from everything. To not be the General for just a short while. No! Even if he were at peace with himself about the matter, he cannot ask that of the Knight! He cannot! Not after everything Kylo has been through! He will not risk the other mans emotional and mental well being for something like this! From the very first time Ren had collared him and brought that breathtaking quiet to his mind, Hux had both loved and hated it. Admitting so was even worse, having to ask for it, a blow to not just his pride, but to to his own self perception. He was disgusted by his craving, yet he keeps asking for it, holding off as long as he can before falling before Ren again and begging for it. Worst of all though, he doesnt want to admit to his lover that he comes from a planet that has been war ruined and enslaved for centuries. He cant admit that he craves and needs the comfort of Rens collar around his neck, despite it being the very thing he hates, the thing that gave him nightmares for so long growing up. The shame of it would be unbearable, hed never be able to look Ren in the face again. He cannot put this conflicting burden on his lover! No, he wont! Not when Kylo is the stablest hes ever been since Hux has known him. Not when his lover is finally starting to feel at ease with himself, slowly accepting that he need not engage in self-flagellation if he wants pleasure. Hux cannot ask this of him. Not now. Not ever again. The General is terrified of disrupting the hard earned peace that Kylo is finally starting to feel. Hell he hasnt even told Kylo about the darker details of what Snoke said to him in that meeting that had almost ended in his death. How easily Snoke had ripped into his mind and pulled out exactly what hed wanted. What would Ren think of him? Perhaps he really was as weak and pathetic as his father said he always was? Perhaps he- Millicent says you should come back to bed, Kylos voice is low with sleep as he brushes his lips against the back of Huxs neck. The General startles, hastily folding the cloth on his desk up to hide the collar from view. His heart is racing and he thinks for a moment he might be sick. Had Ren heard? Had the Knight picked up on his thoughts? Had Hux been projecting? Ren presses his lips against the back of Huxs head. The tender spot where the Generals skull had split open from being thrown back against the wall by Snoke had finally healed. Only a silver scar remained and it was well hidden by his ginger hair. The worst of the slices on Huxs body had faded to silver scars, barely visible unless you were looking for them. The Knight had awoken to find Huxs spot cold and after a few confused moments of pawing at the bed realized the General was not in the bed with him. Then he had heard the softest of whimpers and seen Hux sitting at his desk, head in his hands. There were echoes of pain leaking through the Force. Something great and tumultuous was weighing down on his lover and so Kylo had gone to him. Feidhelm, he murmurs, depositing the orange cat on Huxs desk, ignoring the Generals frantic motions to hide whatever was sitting before him on his desk. Slowly the Knight slid his arms around Hux, hugging him from behind. What troubles you? Huxs entire body is stiff, hes shaking and his thoughts are a jumbled mess as he tries to hide them from Ren, and his response is very un-General like. I-I nothing! Liar, Ren accuses gently. Let me help you, he sighs against Huxs hair. Youve done so much for me, let me give back to you a little bit. I cant! Feidhelm, Kylo nuzzles the Generals neck and Millicent hops down into the Generals lap. See? Even Millie is concerned. Please Feidhelm. He feels the General sob softly as he hugs the cat against his chest and she purrs as loudly as possible. Kylo holds the other man as tightly as he can given their position, pressing kisses against the back of his neck and head until the General finally takes a giant, gasping breath. How do you do it? Hux whispers and he moves, turning in his chair to look at Kylo, Millicent still hugged against him. How when Snoke tears into your head and pulls up things you wish you could forget, how do you not go entirely insane? How does it not eat you alive? He face is tear streaked and his green eyes are filled with pain. For a long moment Kylo is confused and then it dawns on him and a rage fills him that is so potent he fears it will physically manifest itself as a beast and rampage through the ship. Kylo wants to go to Snokes citadel and run the withered creature through with his lightsaber. Hatred rises, so cold inside him it risks burning him and his jaw works as he looks away from Hux, struggling to keep himself from flying into a complete rage. Snoke hadnt just grievously wounded the General, no, that would have been almost merciful if that had been all hed done. And of course Hux had not told him. Part of that stung, and made Kylo want to slap the other man. Here Hux was, hiding things from him, practically lying to him! Why? Why do this after all they had been through? After all this talk of being open with each other! Did Hux not think Kylo could handle the complete truth? Did he think the Knight that weak minded? It was insulting that his lover would not confide in him. Rens mouth twists in a snarl and he takes a slow breath in and lets it back out. Finally he looks back at the General. Is that what he did to you? When you went back for that second meeting? Kylos voice is tight and sharp. He is angry. Angry at Snoke, and Hux. He had thought something was off with the General, but attributed it to the severity of his wounds, to the near-death experience the redhead had. Ripped into your mind? Exposed you? Huxs fingers bury into Millicents fur. I didnt want to- Kylo swears and slams his fist into the desk, making Hux jump. You didnt want to tell me! You sit here and push me and push me to confide in you but you cant do the same! That isnt fair Hux! This has to go both ways! You have to trust me! He shouts in the other mans face. Huxs throat works and he blinks, his body stiffens as if he is bracing himself for a physical confrontation. It is not a matter of trust, he says quietly. The hell it is! What, you thought you were sparing my feelings? If I had known Hux, then I would have never left you alone and gone- No! Hux snaps, his eyes narrowing. You would have stayed, you would have regretted it! You would not have gotten the closure you needed! You dont know that! I would rather have been at your side then waiting around for three weeks for my father to show up only to have it blow up in my face! Kylo pulls away and starts pacing in frustration, he pulls his hands through his hair, agitated. This isnt fair! You, he jabs an accusatory finger at Hux. You dont get to lock me out! You dont get to push me away! And what would you have done? Hux growls at him. This argument is stupid and pointless! This right here was why he didnt tell Kylo, he knew the other would react like this! He knew it would send the Knight into a fit of rage against his Master. Gone on a vendetta against Snoke? Lashed out at him? Confronted him? Yes! Kylo hissed angrily, his hands clenching into fists. And in doing so you would have destroyed everything weve worked so hard to build! You would have endangered Mitaka and Ashara! You what if hed killed you? Hux hates to even think like this. But the reality is that neither of them can overthrow Snoke. Not now. Not alone. Not with so many vulnerabilities still in play. They have to bide their time! Why cant Kylo understand that? What if you confronted him and he killed you, or worse? Hux feels his own volume starting to rise, even as his voice shakes. Millicent deserts his lap and runs into the bathroom, to hide from the rage of her owners. I need you by my side Kylo! I he takes a deep breath, trying to calm himself. I cant do this alone. I need you Kylo, he chokes on the words, its half a desperate plea, half a confession. I cant lose you  Hux bows his head, shoulders trembling. He doesnt want to fight about this, he is tired, drained and there are greater, more terrible things looming on the horizon. Tomorrow they go to inspect Starkillers progress and even thinking about the planet-turned-weapon fills Hux with anxiety right now. He can hear Snokes gleeful promise echoing in his head and presses his hands against his ears as if it will dampen the damning words. I cant! he whispers harshly. Kylo stares at the General, feeling his anger slowly fade as he watches this display. He has seen Hux vulnerable before, but never quite like this. And he is woefully unprepared to deal with it he realizes. So he just stands there, breathing heavily and slowly his hands unball from the fists theyre in. He can taste the pain, the fear coming off the General, it is bitter in his mouth. Slowly he moves towards the other man and puts hands on Huxs face, gently turning the Generals head upwards to look at him. Feidhelm, What did he pull from your mind? If it was part of Huxs plan, or worse, their relationship, Kylo is certain that they would both be dead already. He feels he can safely rule that out. But what then had Snoke uncovered that could put his lover, the untouchable General, the strong, sane, stable one who cares too damn much, in such agony? A memory from my childhood, Hux swallows, his eyes meeting Rens. One I wish I had forgotten. One I thought I had made peace with. He ripped it up from where it was hiding and replanted it in the forefront of my thoughts. What memory? What happened? Kylo struggles to keep himself calm, feeling his anger rise up again. Snoke is manipulating Hux, just as he did and still does Ren at times. It is easier to see it in others than in oneself. Harder to admit that sometimes he still feels Snokes tendrils in the back of his head. Even as good as Ren is at layering this thoughts in a mental cave of ice and reflections, he cannot shake the fear that his Master could rip his mind apart at any moment. That he will manipulate and twist what little of himself Kylo has left. And now he has started to do it to Hux. Kylo doesnt want Hux to be afraid of him! But hes so angry at his Master! He has to know what happened! Hux had glazed over the meeting, focusing on his worry for Ashara and Mitaka. On their safety and success. He had said nothing about anything else though. And now hes pulled away from Kylos touch, as if distance will help him keep whatever terrible secret he has locked away inside his head. The General always had the hardest time opening up about his childhood. Despite how good the redheads relationship had been with his mother, there were flashes of pain littered about his memories. Hux avoiding divulging these to Kylo, telling the Knight that he didnt want to spoil their more intimate time with sour memories and pain. Most of them stemmed from the Commandant and his time at the Academy. But this was neither of those things. This was something far more potent and it was clear that Hux was struggling immensely with it. Kylo didnt need the Force to tell him that. With a sigh and suspecting he wont get a proper answer from his lover, not yet at least, Kylo lifts the General up into his arms, and carries him back to the bed. At least he can do this, offer some comfort to the other man, ease his distress a bit. There he settles Hux in between his legs and cradles him close, as Millicent emerges from the bathroom, deeming it safe enough now that the shouting has stopped and rearranges herself in Huxs lap. Please Feidhelm? Open up to me, Kylo quietly pleads with him. He only wants to help his lover. They have to support each other, it isnt fair if Hux carries all the burdens! Kylo rubs a hand along Huxs back in a slow soothing motion and slowly the tension eases out of the smaller mans body. If he can get Hux to relax, perhaps the redhead will open up to him. It has worked in the past, although things had changed, and if Hux has had this buried for as long as hes implying, it will take phenomenal effort to get him to talk about it. Or an entire bottle of wine, which isnt really an option right now. I I cant. Not right now, Hux whispers finally looking back the Knight. To be honest he doesnt know if he ever will be able to and he hates himself for it. For this weakness. But all the same, the burning need sits right on the tip of his tongue. It I  Yes? Kylo encourages gently, still stroking along Huxs spine with one hand, the other cradling him close. To his dismay and small frustration Hux shakes his head. Nothing. Nothing, Huxs voice suddenly comes a bit stronger and he looks at Kylo. I just hate it when people try to control me. Control the people I love. Were not puppets. Hux is stalling, avoiding the heart of the issue. This is merely something on the surface, an easy out. Kylo knows it too and his shoulders slump in defeat. They will have to try again later... A fear sprouts in the Knights mind and he hopes that this pain Hux is keeping hidden from him is not another Leon. Feidhelm, Kylo sighs, frowning. This is bullshit and Hux knows that Kylo knows it. The General drops his eyes, looking admonished. A strange look for him, it isnt right for Hux to look so small and defeated. I just cant. Please? Please understand? his voice soft, frightened. Besides we have to inspect Starkiller tomorrow, he changes the subject again, but Ren can feel him tense up as he does. We should sleep. Why cant you just tell me? Hux is quiet for a long time before he answers. Because I am afraid, Kylo. Because telling his lover means having to really admit that it happened. That he really is that pathetic. It will mean having to face however Kylo reacts to it. It will mean living with that shame . Kylo sighes and cards a hand through Huxs hair. The a shudder runs through the Generals body as he slowly starts to go limp in Rens hands. Finally sleep is starting to catch back up with the redhead, the General is slowly relaxing. I know you are strong Hux, but sometimes, its okay not to be, Kylo whispers to him. Reassures him. Hux has given so much for him, taken time and care with him. And Kylo wants to be able to give that back. Not because he feels obligated to, but because he loves Hux and every bittersweet secret he carries with him. I dont want to lose you to a terrible secret in your past. Thats already happened once. This would change things. Huxs voice is distant as he slumps against the Knight. Im afraid that it wil be I who looses you. Would things change that much? Kylo asks, curiously. Not angry, or accusing, but genuinely curious. Worried. Hux sighs and he drowsily looks up at Ren and the Knight can see how tired he is. How afraid he is. He tries to form words as Ren keeps stroking his hair and the Knight smiles sadly. Whatever it is, I dont think things would change Feidhelm. I love you, that will never change. I promise, he presses a gentle kiss to Huxs lips and the General sighs into it, letting sleep claim him. Ren nuzzles against him and he shifts them so they can lie down. One day I hope youll realize that you dont always have to be strong, he whispers to his sleeping lover. That you wont feel the need to hide your pain from me. That I wont leave you, no matter what has happened, my General. My Feidhelm. --- The tension during the shuttle ride to the planet surface was almost unbearable. Huxs face was expressionless and he stepped off the ship the moment it set down, leaving the Knight and the handful of troopers that had accompanied them behind. Kylo watched him go from behind the mask that he wore. Huxs thoughts were tightly concealed, barricaded behind a wall of white noise. When Hux had learned that trick, Kylo wasnt sure. Then again hed been away for two months waiting to see if his father would appear or not and act as a benevolent savior, and now that the Knight knew that Snoke had been tearing into Huxs mind, it made sense that the General would have researched a way to better guard his thoughts. It didnt change the fact however, that the General was purposely shutting him out and it frustrated Ren to no end. With nothing else to do, the Knight settled for wandering aimlessly through the half completed weapon. His presence wasnt required at the engineering meetings, and it was clear that Hux wanted to put distance between them after their conversation the previous night. Perhaps if Ren indulged it for a brief time, it would make the General more likely to come around when he raised the issue again. In the meantime he could appreciate how absolutely terrifying Starkiller was. He had forgotten, just how big the place was. That it was indeed a planet being hollowed out and fitted, piece by piece with the bleeding edge tech that would be able to destroy entire systems in a single swipe. The very thought of it set Kylos teeth on edge, Hux had promised though. Promised that Starkiller was a last resort, a show of power that would hopefully never be used. The very thought of it though made his stomach clench. This wouldnt just waste an entire system though. It would throw off the balance of the Galaxy. Starkiller drew its terrible power from the star closest to it, literally sucking the plasma into itself and converting it into a beam that could diverge and strike multiple targets. There were only so many stars in the Galaxy. If they were required to strike multiple times, they would quickly exhaust the stars closest to the base and the planet itself would lose its orbit. Starkiller itself had a contingency built in for that, the planet could move forward independently, though at great cost. The systems closest to Starkiller would become cold and barren though as the massive battle station consumed them. The other planets in orbit around the consumed starts would fly off into space until they found another star to orbit or collided with another planet. Kylo turned away from where hed been watching the mechanics work. He suddenly wanted to be outside, away from the hollowed out darkness of the planet that they were converting into a massive death machine. He stepped outside into the snow and wind, grateful for the forest nearby that at least presented the illusion of normalcy. He trudged through the snow, ignoring how cold it was as the sun started to sink below the horizon, trying not to think about how the planet itself would be so much colder once they took that first shot. That first firing. Hux wouldnt, would he? It didnt seem right, didnt seem like something Hux would do. Even on Chelloa, Hux had worked to ensure that there were as few casualties as possible. They would have to be desperate to fire Starkiller. Surely they could do this, they could win this war without such a heavy cost! Hux was smart enough to do it, he wasnt mindless like the Emperor had been or the Grand Moff, there would be no repeats of Alderaan. Would there? But would a single, swift attack save more lives than a full on war? Would wiping out their enemies and their forces not all but guarantee victory? Would the loss of a few billion lives matter if it saved hundreds of quadrillions? Kylo didnt know. It made his stomach knot just to think about it. He felt the Force tremble around him and he knew that if they were to make such a strike, it would send shock waves through the Force. It would tear and rend at the consciousness and sanity of every Force-sensitive being out there. It would be agony. Perhaps, if he had been properly trained as a Sith, like the Dark Side Force users of years past, he might not feel such despair about the matter. He had found some ancient texts about how the Sith could draw power from the act of killing. Absorbing the life itself as it faded back into the Force. The thought terrified him. But no he was no Sith. Not even a shadow of one. He was the Master of the Knights of Ren. The shadowy Force-Sensitive cult that he had murdered and manipulated his way to the top of. Not that it had gained him anything. His position had only been gained to bring the Knights to heel at Snokes side. So the ancient being might command them. The other Knights hated him for it. He could sense it and wondered how long it would be before his position was challenged? How much longer until this all comes crashing down? The unbidden thought startled him and he swallowed heavily. Where had such a notion come from? Suddenly he felt very alone in the dark forest of the base. How much longer until entire worlds burn? Kylo goes still and then slowly turns his head from one side to the other, scanning the area around him. Is he as alone as he thought he was? How much longer until death comes? The Knight feels the Force ebbing and flowing around him. It is unusually thick in this part of the forest, something unexpected when the rest of the planet is relatively quiet. It is as if he has found some sort of concentrated hot spot for the Force. But it doesnt comfort him. For what he senses is not Light or Dark but something of a chameleon. It shifts and fades, changing its appearance seemingly at will, as if it wishes to trick whomever is trying to observe it. You will be lying in the snow, bleeding out. Your lover will be in chains, screaming as they torture him. Kylos eyes widen behind the mask and his breath catches. This This is no rhetorical or generic line of questioning. It is no vague suggestion. It is a promise. Suddenly he realizes that he should not be here. He feels eyes on his back, as if a great predator is stalking him and his hand goes to his lightsaber, drawing and bringing the red blade to life. He turns, whirling around to face this unseen enemy. But there is nothing there. Your weapon will not save you. Will not save him. Nor her. The wind gusts around him through the trees, making them sway and sends snow falling from their branches all around him. Kylo turns round and round, looking for this invisible enemy. For something, anything that is the source of this presence that is drilling into his head. You will die here, Kylo Ren. Alone in the dark. Like the monster you are. NO! The cry rips itself from his throat as he sends a blast of Force power out around him, making trees bow over so their tips almost touch the ground from the strength of it. The ones closest to him snap and fly off into the distance as the Knight sinks to his knees in the snow. No, he whispers harshly, begging whatever is out there to stop. To reconsider. No! His hands are trembling and his vision is awash in red. He sees blood splattered all over the snow, hears the hum and crash of lightsabers locked in a duel all around him. Someone is screaming, crying out- Kylo pushes himself to his feet and runs . He flees from the dark forest and the shifting Force presence. He doesnt stop running until he is within sight of one of the entrance to the base and then he finally slows. His heart is racing and he is soaked in a cold sweat that reeks of terror as he tries to regain control of himself. Then he hears it. A single, quiet thought. I cant do this. Hux, Ren feels his breath catch in his throat. How long had the Knight been out there? How long had he been wandering? Straightening himself and deactivating his lightsaber he reaches out through the Force and pinpoints the General. He is alone, in a cold meeting room. His business on Starkiller is complete, for today at least, and now the General stands, staring out a window, taking in the darkness, the immensity of the terrible weapon he is building. Kylo goes to him. --- Hux hears the door open and then shut behind him, but he doesnt turn from the window. The sound of heavy footsteps fill the room and then stop. Not behind him, but at his side and Kylo Ren stands shoulder to shoulder with him, gazing out into the darkness. Do you feel it too? the Knight asked. Hux swallows and a shiver runs through him. He feels a whole slew of things, which ones are resonating with the Force user however, he has no idea. The General opts to remain silent, rather than answer. The day has been long. The meetings have been even longer. And yet Hux cannot bring himself to leave this unheated room and go to the warmth of the living quarters. As if staying here will somehow freeze time and stop it all. As if he can avoid the burden of both his past and future. The weight of it all feels heavier than ever and he keeps hearing Snokes words play over in his head. He wants nothing more than to step back from it all. To not be himself. To be anyone else in this moment, not saddled with these terrible responsibilities. I wanted to change things, he finally says, his voice sounding too loud in the dark room. Hes breathing harshly, struggling to keep himself from shaking. And yet here I am overseeing the construction of this  he gestures at the window. You said yourself that Starkiller was a last resort, Kylo reminds him. The Knights voice is oddly soothing, even with the voice distorter of his mask. I hope it is. I hope I never have to give the order to fire it, Hux feels his throat tighten and he closes his eyes against the wave of emotions that well up in him. Revenge would be so easy to take with Starkiller. It would be over in moments. Merciful even. Just a few minutes of terror for their targets before death came. Far better than a long, drawn out and bloody war. Right? He was in the right here wasnt he? Wasnt his wanting of revenge far more merciful than what his home had been subjected to for centuries? Wasnt that far kinder than dying a slow death with a collar around ones neck? Hux realizes that now he is trembling. My mother  his voice cracks and he blinks rapidly, trying to keep back the tears that are threatening to spill down his face. He let out a harsh breathe. She always said that if you need violence to enforce your ideas, then your ideas are worthless. the General licked at his lips. He feels like his legs are going to give out. He remembers his mother in stunning clarity in that moment. She sits, painting watercolors by an open window as the morning sun spills in and fills the room with light. He runs to her, throwing his arms around her and sobbing. Feidhelm, what is it? she sets her brush down and turns to him, hugging him tightly and pulling him onto her lap. Did you have a nightmare? He nods, his head buried against her breast. It has only been a week since he and the other children were delivered back to their homes. The feeling of the collar around his neck still haunts him. Seeing the girl killed. Feeling so helpless. W-what if they come back? he sobs against his mothers dress. What if they take you this time? he looks up at her, tears staining his face. What if- Shhh, she chides him gently. It will be all right. No it wont! I dont want to be taken! I dont want them to take you! Or my friends! We cant let that happen! he protests. He knows they are dead. Saw the Stormtroopers shoot them. But there will be more. There always are. If there werent then his village wouldnt be the last one. His planet would be green all over instead of just the tiny speck that is his home. What would you do? his mother asks him. The question startles him, makes him blink as he sniffles and frowns. He is breathing harshly. I I will kill them if they ever try to take you. If they ever come here again, I.. Ill learn how to use a blaster. Ill shoot them, just like the troopers did! Theyll never steal anyone from here ever again! And Ill hes breathing too fast, the raiders words echoing in his mind. How a Senator had paid for his choice of young flesh. Ill smash the Republic! Ill make them pay for letting this happen! Ill hurt them! So they can know- hiccups overtake him and cut him off. He looks up at his mother, and sees her frowning. Listen to me Feidhelm, his mother says, her voice gentle but stern as she wipes the tears from his face. And listen well, promise me? He nods, hiccuping still. If you crave revenge, then the best revenge is to be unlike those who harmed you, do you know what I mean by that? she tilts her head, smiling kindly at him. He frowns at this. But but for so long theyve hurt us! he doesnt understand. How can kindness possibly be revenge? How can it possibly begin to compensate for all the pain that has been caused to them? What good would it do to enslave them? To rip apart their families? Hmm? Revenge is a cycle Feidhelm. They hurt you, so you hurt them and then they hurt you in return and it goes on and on. For generations. Wars have been fought on the premise of revenge for a slight that happened so long ago, all sides have forgotten what happened. But if you hold yourself to a higher standard, if you pardon them, forgive them, then you can break the cycle. Do you understand a leanbh? she presses a kiss to his forehead as he scrubs at his eyes. But but what if they come back? he whispers. His mother is silent for a moment and then stands, carrying him in her arms and resting his weight against her hip as she moves to one of her many drawers of paints and brushes. She pulls it open and digs through it, pushing jars of pigment powders aside and lifting up pieces of parchment paper that have charcoal drawings on them until she finds a black box. She shuts the drawer with a nudge of her hip and returns to the seat, holding tightly to him all the while. I had meant to give this to you when you were older, Feidhelm, but it seems as though time is not a luxury I will have, she sighes and shifts him in her lap so he is sitting on her knees and facing him. He gazes up at her in confusion and worry. She offers him a sad, but proud smile. The Galaxy is intent on making you grow up faster than I expected. She presents the black box to him. Go on, take it. He takes the box and opens it with trembling fingers, revealing a black sheathed dagger. He recognizes the traditional twisted knots engraved in silver on the metal tip of the sheath, the handle of the small weapon is one long knot that ends in a small silver pommel that has a thin ribbon of the knots going around it. With great care he slides the blade free and studies it. Where blade connects to hilt there is an inverted, curved triangle that has more of the twisted knots in it. But the blade itself is smooth, short, barely six inches and sharp. He bites his lip and looks back up at her. But you just said- Not to take revenge. Defending oneself is not revenge Feidhelm. This was my dagger, the one that freed me from bondage, and now I give it to you, so that you might never be enslaved. So that you might protect the ones you love and care for. Do you understand? She strokes his hair, letting him examine the blade and sheath further. I dont know how to use it, he looks up at her, brow knitting. I will teach you Feidhelm, I promise, she presses a kiss to his forehead. Now go hide it in your room. It is best that your father never see it. But time had run out. And he had not been able to stop his father from killing her. Had not been able to stop any of it. And now here he was, doing the very thing she had warned him again. He had failed. He had become his father in the end after all. Drunk and high on the idea of revenge, because blasting planets out of the sky was easier than winning them over. It was easier than mercy. Hux didnt even realize hed started to collapse until he felt Rens arms go around him, stopping him from hitting the ground. Easy! Rens voice is low in his ear and strangely undistorted. When had the Knight taken his helmet off? Breathe, Hux. Just breathe. Easy, Ive got you, Ren is slowly lowering them both to the ground and Hux finds himself clinging to the Knights robes like a drowning man. A harsh sob leaves him. Hux! Hux look at me! Listen to me! Ren is forcing his head up so their eyes meet. The Knight looks scared, concerned. Ren, Hux gasps. I-I- No! Let me help you! Please! Kylo presses their foreheads together, making a low noise of distress. Youre hurting, please let me help! I know I know that you need , please, let me help you! I dont want to- the General feels himself starting to hyperventilate. The collar, what if it- It wont! Ren gives him a small shake and looks at him pleadingly. Hux, I It wont hurt me. I can tell the difference! I wouldnt offer to do it if I couldnt! In truth he had been thinking about this for a while. Mentally preparing for it, checking and rechecking his own stability, because he wanted to help his lover. To give Hux some of the peace and comfort that the Generals gentleness had given him. Let me help you, Hux. Please? Let me give your your name back. Huxs entire world seems to stand still, balancing on the edge of a knife blade as he gasps for breath. Please, he whispers wretchedly. Please Kylo You need to say it, the Knight tells him, gently reminding him: nothing gets done without consent. Its okay Hux. Let go. Let me help. A sob breaks from Hux. Please  I  I need. I need so badly The Knight moves instantly and Hux feels the air thicken around them. With one hand Kylo is summoning the Force and the other is undoing Huxs uniform jacket and exposing his neck. Panic fills the General, the urge to fight against what he wants and craves so badly threatens to burst out of his chest like a creature from a nightmare. Then the cool, light weight collar closes around his neck and the world goes quiet. Hux slowly lets a breath out and his body goes limp in Rens arms. Part of him is still screaming that this is wrong, that he cannot have this thing around his neck, cannot bow his head, but in this moment that voice is drowned out by the silence, the calmness that fills him. He only has one purpose, one focus: to listen to Rens voice. To do as he commands. To be good and earn his name. Thats all that matter now. Ren lets him lie there for a few more seconds, lets him take in the sensation of quiet. Come on now, the Knight purrs. Strip for me, my pretty little bitch. Hux feels his breath hitch and he hesitates. Dont be naughty, Rens voice warns lowly and Hux moves. His motions are uncoordinated, and his fingers are trembling as he undoes his jacket and removes it, then his undershirt, setting them aside. He hesitates again, the part of him that always rallies against the collar is getting louder and he bows his head. Naughty bitches dont get to have a name. Hux feels the collar tighten slightly and jerk, prompting him to scramble to his feet and fumble with his boots and pants. When hes finally nude before the Knight, hes shaking again. If from the cold of the room or the internal war within himself Hux cant tell, but hes breathing too fast as he stands before the Knight shivering. Kneel, Ren commands him, and when Hux hesitates again gives the collar a slight tug. Not enough to send the General pitching forward, but just enough to remind him to obey. To not think. To let the Knight take care of him. But Hux grits his teeth, baring them, almost snarling, and shakes his head, letting out a harsh breath through his nose. Ren frowns and jerks the collar, sending Hux down onto his knees so they hit the floor with a painful cracking noise. Youre being naughty, he moves then, circling around the General, grabbing his hands and pulling them up behind his back in an inverted prayer position. The General whines at the strange angle that his body is unaccustomed to and Ren swats at his rear. No. Youre being naughty. You will stay. You will hold this position, like a good little bitch, for as long as I want you to, the Knight tells him and slowly steps away, watching as Huxs body starts to shake from the strain of holding himself up on his knees with his arms at the strange angle behind him. He doesnt last long, hes not meant to, the position is meant to wear him down, to quell whatever is raging against giving up control. And slowly Hux starts to sink to the ground, his rear almost touching the back of his feet and Ren lands a sharp blow on his rear again. I said stay, the Knight growls, giving Hux a third swat. Youre being naughty, now stay . Hux feels Rens gloved hand in his hair, yanking his head up. His muscles are burning, his knees ache and a panic is rapidly building in him. He cant let himself give in, despite how badly he wants to. How desperately he wants to be good, needs to be. He wont let himself, and he feels the protest in the back of his head growing louder and louder. Come, Ren gives the command. Crawl to me. Hux whines and falls forward onto his hands and knees, grateful to be allow to release the difficult position. His head falls forward and a full body shudder goes through him. He feels Ren tugging at his collar, pulling him forward. A snarl leaves the General. A slap lands on his ass and a hand goes to his neck. On pure instinct Hux turns his head and sinks his teeth into Rens arm, biting down as hard as he can. Ren make a noise of surprise and jerks his hand back, striking Hux on the back of the head and making him see stars. No! Naughty! Hux crumples to the floor and a sob leaves him, his hands go to claw at the collar on his neck. No, no, no, he frantically whispers. The instinct that hed been able to ignore every time previous cant be held back anymore. Not after what Snoke has uprooted. Panic consumes him and hes aware that Ren is trying to touch him and Huxs mind settles on a single word. Cant! he gasps out. Time stands still for a moment and the next thing he knows the collar is gone and Kylo is pulling him into his arms, trying to get Hux to look at him as Hux hides his face in his hands. I cant! Im sorry! I fuck! I cant! Hux, Feidhelm, look at me, Kylo begs. He is terrified, worried he has done something wrong. All he wanted to do was help! This has worked before, what is different, what is wrong this time? Please, please, whats happening? Hux! Hux isnt fighting him anymore and is at least letting the Knight hold him, but nothing Kylo does seems to reach him or soothe the distressed General as he completely collapses into hysterics. Hux, please, youre scaring me! Kylo pleads. There are flashes of memories leaking from Hux, things that are fragmented and disconcerting. Images of Huxs mother, of the inside of a cage, of screaming and struggling against someone so much bigger than he is and a level of self loathing that Ren didnt know was possible for another human being to contain within themselves. It is the crackle of the Generals comm, still attached to his uniform that snaps the redhead back to reality. He goes still and then scrambles for the comm, responding to it in a short clipped voice. There is a transmission waiting for him. Instantly Hux is moving, pulling his clothes back on, scrubbing at his face, trying to hide the tears and snot that are covering it. Hes mentally latched on to the call of duty like it is the last thing in the entire Galaxy. Ren stands as Hux finishes putting his jacket on and reaches for his greatcoat. The Knight rests his hands over Huxs and the General goes still. What the hell happened, Feidhelm? Ren asks quietly, he cups Huxs face with one hand, gently stroking it, watching as Huxs shoulders slump. The General studies the ground for a long minute and then looks at Ren, eyes full of regret. I Im sorry, he whispers, his brow knits. I You deserve better than this. Hux- but the General stops Ren, putting a gentle finger to his lips before he can say more. I, he sighs heavily. When we get back, I will tell you. I should have told you before, I just Im a coward. But even cowards, we have our pride. He hangs his head. Im sorry, he repeats and Kylo doesnt think hes ever heard the General so filled with remorse as he is in this moment. Im so sorry Kylo. Pride isnt worth destroying yourself, Feidhelm, Ren tells him, taking the finger against his lips at turning it so he can kiss the Generals wrist. Then he pulls Hux forward and tilts his head up, drawing him into a gentle, slow kiss. He loves the redhead, but damn him, Hux is making this difficult on both of them when it doesnt have to be! I love you, laser brain, Kylo murmurs to the General. You dont have to carry this all alone. So you let me help you, properly, when we get back. Im holding you to this promise. No more, okay? No more terrible secrets, for either of us, okay? Hux takes a slow breath in and nods, raising his eyes to meet the Knights. Alright. I promise. He leans up and kisses Ren and Kylo and feel a strange sort of relief coming off his lover. Hux is still terrified, but there is a finality in it. An acceptance. He feels the General start to tremble again as the kiss breaks. Maker, I dont want to lose you! Hux whispers, even as his comm crackles again, reminding him that the holocall is waiting. You wont, Kylo reassure him. I promise, Feidhelm. Hux looks at him, expression vulnerable for one more moment and then the Generals face becomes stern, the epitome of control and he turns on his heel and leaves the room. --- Kylo sits in his quarters on the old Star Destroyer. There was no point to him staying on Starkiller, he didnt really want to be there, not after what hed encountered in the forest. And there was no sense in shadowing Hux, the General would return and when he did, they would talk. He had to be patient, something that Ren struggled with immensely. But this was important, so he would try. He would do his best. For Hux. But until then he sat still, meditating. He reaches out with the Force, searching it for wisdom, for answers. Something. What was that mysterious Force presence hed encountered in the dark forest of Starkiller? It has spoken to him like it had known him. As if it knew everything. But hed been through the forest before! There had been no Force presence! Unlike DQar, the planet they were using for Starkiller was all but dead to the Force, so where had it come from? What the hell was it? His own connection to the Force gave him no answers in that regard, instead however he found his thoughts drifting to his friends. To Mitaka and Ashara. Were they safe? Were they well? He reached out with the Force, searching for their familiar presences. Mitakas was always slightly anxious, while Asharas was calm. He knew about where they would be and found their life forces glowing brightly. That was a relief. Kylo could reach out further, could touch their minds, but that took extra strength that he did not want to expend at the moment. Not when he needed to keep his mind clear and focused for the inevitable confrontation he would have with Hux. The General would be back soon, Starkiller could only demand so much of his attention. It make Kylo ache to see his lover like this. To see him hurting. Disclosure was never easy for either of them. It took tears, screaming and so much time and energy. Perhaps because control had never been a big part of Kylos life like it had been Huxs, admitting to things came as a sweet relief to the Knight. The lifting of a great burden. But it wasnt that way for Hux, who prided himself on being in control of himself and level headed. The General always shied away from talking about his past, even as theyd slowly started to open up more to each other. As if doing so would somehow weaken him. Ren sighed. He hated waiting. Hated seeing Hux like this, so completely ruined and unable or unwilling to accept help. There was a bit of a sting to this as well that Hux felt like he couldnt confide in the Knight. That he thought Kylo too damaged or already too overburdened to open up to him. That he thought Kylo needed to be sheltered and protected, when the reality of it was, that they both needed it, in equal measure. They needed balance . To have that give and take between them. There was a shift in the Force and Ren straightened slightly. Hux. --- The door slide such behind him and Hux let out a breath of relief. It was over. For now. He hung his great coat up and pulled his gloves off. Four days on the still incomplete and only partially heated base had made him feel like he was half frozen. As if his blood had congealed and all his motions felt slower, as if his brain itself was having difficulty getting the messages to his muscles. His mind was clouded, the continued confrontations with Kylo, the echoing of damnable predestination always at the forefront of his thoughts. Hux pulled off his boots and with still numb and clumsy fingers started to undo his uniform jacket. He gave up about half way through and pulled his belt off, setting it aside and goes to one of his cabinets, pulling out the partially drunk bottle of Vasarian brandy hed started on the other night. It wasnt as harsh as whiskey, and he didnt want to waste perfectly good wine on his feelings of personal anguish. No he would rather share the wine with Kylo and talk about anything in the entire Galaxy other than what was eating away at him. He set the bottle down on his desk, poured a some of the golden blue tinted liquid into a tumbler and collapsed into his chair. The brandy would warm him, would give him some feeling back. He took a sip, savoring the slightly sweet and fruity taste of it that quickly followed by a burn as he swallowed the drink. The General closed his eyes and rested his head back against the chair, taking another sip and letting the burning feeling blossom through his belly and chest. A harsh sigh left his lips as a full body shudder tore through him. Hux finished the glass and poured himself another. It was only a matter of time before Ren made his inevitable appearance. Before Hux had to be honest with the Knight and himself. Before it all comes crashing down around his ears. Feidhelm? a chilly weight presses gently at his mind. Hux feels his throat tighten, Ren never uses his name like that, its like the Knight is trying to tread so carefully. Can I come in? Kylos thought presses itself into Huxs mind. Ren has never asked to come in before, he has always just appeared, always just been there. The care that he is taking right now, give Hux a small hope that perhaps after all is said and done, they will walk away from this together still. With a grunt Hux stands, tossing back the second glass of brandy and makes his way to the door. He fumbles with the control panel at the door and after a moment it slides open to reveal the Knight, standing there, shifting his weight uncertainly. Hes still in his robes and mask and briefly Hux wonders if Ren has bothered to change in the past three days since he left Starkiller. He doesnt ask though, instead what comes out is a very small, Please? He takes a step back and lets the Knight inside. Instantly Kylo is removing his mask, his gloves, boots and the outermost layers of his robes, leaving him clad in only his undershirt and pants while everything else gets deposited into a pile on the floor. Hux can only stare at the Knight, slightly slack jawed and Kylo pulls him close and into a hug so tight it might just crush him. All the same he doesnt want to break free, if he could he would stay there in Rens arms forever. They stay like that for several minutes until Ren slowly pulls away. He puts a hand on Huxs cheek and gently presses their foreheads together. Talk to me Feidhelm. Please? he asks. I cant help you if you dont. I I cant undo whatever Snoke did if I dont know what is at the heart of it. Hux winces at those words. You cant undo something thats been there all along, Hux tells him, dropping his eyes. Im weak, all it took was a single reminder, a push and I find that Im not all that different from my father after all. I Im weak. Just another puppet for them to use. Feidhelm, Rens voice is pained and Hux pulls away from him, hugging one arm across his chest so his hand rests on the opposite shoulder. Im not who you think I am, Kylo, he tries to explain and Ren tilts his head in confusion. Hux moves to his desk and opens a drawer, bringing out a small item wrapped in black cloth. He stares at it for a long time and then shuts the drawer and turns back to Ren holding it out to him. Slowly Kylo reaches out and takes it, frowning. It is surprisingly heavy for being so small. With great care he unfolds the cloth and studies the object hidden inside it. His frown deepens as he stares at the broken silver collar that sits in the palm of his hand. It is small, impossibly so. As if it belonged to a child Realization dawns on him. This, this was not a trinket or piece of jewelry. There is a ring attached to the back of it, where a chain would go. The Knights eyes go wide and he looks up at Hux, who is pointedly looking at the floor and very much like he wishes it would open up and swallow him. This isnt possible, something doesnt add up. How could the great General of the First Order, the cunning and compassionate man that he loved, once been someone elses property? You were a slave? Kylo asks quietly. He watches Hux wince at the words as the emotions flicker across the other mans face. I almost was. When I was seven, I and several of the other children from my village were abducted by raiders. Some Republic Senator was apparently paying well for young flesh, he spits the words bitterly and suddenly jerks forward, moving back to his desk and pouring himself another glass of brandy. He drinks in hastily, trying to avoid looking at the other man. How did raiders get to you? Ren asks quietly. The anti-slavery law- Are a fucking joke! Hux screams, hurtling his empty tumbler at the wall. It shatters and the General turns away from Ren, embarrassed by his outburst, but unable to stop the angry tirade of words that flow from him. The Republic doesnt give a damn! They never did! Thats why, for fucking, six hundred years, they let my home be raided and destroyed! And we sent emissary after emissary to the Senate, fucking begging them to intervene! But they never did! They fucking laughed at us. Told us to appeal to a committee! His chest is heaving and he wants to throw something else. Wants to scream until he cant breathe anymore. But Arkanis- Ren starts, still confused. The pain coming from his lover is real, and he had heard of the slave trade, knew that in parts of the Outer Rim it still existed, but it was supposed to be gone! I wasnt born on Arkanis! Hux snaps. Then suddenly collapses into the chair by his desk, doubled over, arms resting on his legs and his face in his hands. Ren watches him, waiting a few beats to make sure nothing else is going to be thrown and then goes to him, kneeling next to the chair and gently pulls Huxs hands away from his face. The General turns his head away, harsh sobs now no longer muffled by his hands. Tell me about your home world? he asks, keeping his voice low and gentle. Hux is hurting so much, the pain from the other man feels like someone is ripping him apart. Another sob comes from Hux and he shrinks back as if he means to pull away from Ren. Kylo doesnt let him, instead he pulls the General forward, out of his chair and into the Knights lap. Hux struggles against him, briefly, but Ren holds him tightly, shifting until he is sitting on the floor and has Hux tucked between his legs, and is cradling him close. Tell me, Feidhelm, Ren presses gently. Hux shudders against him, struggling a bit more and then giving up and slumping against the broader man. The brandy in his system is making him even more uncoordinated and removing his resistance to talking, to confiding these things. And suddenly the words are spilling out from his lips. Its a tiny little planet out in the Dalonbian Sector, Hux whispers. A single sun system, and always overlooked for trade, no exports. We were self-sustaining, barely a few million souls. People left us alone... It was once all green, my mother said. Before the raiders and the wars, he presses his face against Kylos neck and feels the Knight undoing the remaining clasps on his jacket and sliding it off him. The Knight brings one hand up to rub his back. What wars? Ren asks, kissing his temple. Clone War, Hux murmured. War against the Empire. The Separatists and the Empire offered us protection from the raiders in return for allowing them to set up bases on our planet. But then the Jedi came, then the Rebellion came. My home  he sucks in a shallow breath as another sob comes from him. It isnt green anymore. Its all burned black and destroyed. My village is the last one left! His sobs overtake him and suddenly hes swaying. Rocking. He realizes. Kylo is gently rocking him, swaying both of their bodies back and forth in an effort to soothe the redhead. And without the protection of the armies, the raiders came back, didnt they? Kylo asks quietly. Hux nodded miserably. My village is the last spot of green left on the planet, he whispered. And I want- another sob shakes him. I wanted revenge on the Republic for so long Kylo! I wanted to hurt them! So they could feel even a fraction of what we went through! Of the terror I felt when-when- that collar was around my neck! And I tried ! I tried so Maker damned hard to not want it! And I failed! And Ill become a monster just like my father! There is it. The final piece. It all clicks into place. There are details left out, small gaps here and there, but it is enough to give Kylo a graphic picture of the weight that the General is carrying. The guilt, the history of fear and pain. The scope of the trauma that Snoke had uprooted. Hux is shaking against him, crying and crying and Kylo lets him. Gives him this time. Feidhelm, he nuzzles the redhead. Feidhelm, look at me. Slowly Hux raises his head to glance up at the Knight. Im not going to think less of you because of where you come from. Nor will I ever leave you because of your family history, I promise, Ren presses a kiss to Huxs forehead. Slave, mercenary, politician, I dont care. Youre you , no one else. Not your father, not a piece of property. Youre Feidhelm Hux, General of the First Order, and my lover. he strokes Huxs hair out of his face. Youre a good person and I love you, Feidhelm. That includes with all your damage. I just he sighs and sees Hux bracing for something terrible and it breaks his heart. I just wish you had told me earlier, things could have gone differently. I wish you werent so stubborn. That it didnt always have to come to this. Ren bit his lip, not sure if anything he was saying was getting through to his distressed lover. If he was helping or just making everything worse. But Hux is looking at him like the Knight is some sort of angel and then bows his head. I Im sorry Kylo. Huxs words are so soft that Ren almost misses them. He hugs the General back against him. Its okay, Im not mad. I just you worry me Feidhelm. Stop carrying all of this alone, Im strong enough to share your burdens with you. I promise. The General shudders against him and Kylo gently strokes the back of his head. I was afraid of it being too much. Of it being too complicated, Hux mumbles lowly in his ear. Complicated? Ren leans back so he can look at the General. What do you mean? The collar I-It- Hux makes a noise of frustration and heaves a sigh. I want your collar on me, but part of me is always conflicted. I its like Im turning my back on everything my people have been through. On all theyve suffered for. What my mother went through. I wondered why you were more resistant at times about it, Ren murmured thoughtfully. He had gone about it wrong. Hux didnt need to be brutalized and humiliated through the control of the collar. Hed seen enough of that, been through enough of it. No. Suddenly Ren knows exactly what to do. He stands with a grunt, Hux still in his arms cradled close and carries him to the bed. I want to try something, will you let me? he asks the General as he sets him down on the mattress. What? Hux looks nervous, like hes thinking about fleeing from the room. Ren sits down next to him. The first time I collared you, I didnt think. I was just trying to calm you down. I failed to consider that you might need a different approach. That instead of using that control you gave me to hurt you and break you down, I should be doing the opposite. I, he frowns, mind racing, trying to think of how to explain it. Then he takes Huxs hand in his and gives it a gentle squeeze. I think you realized what I truly needed, because you yourself need it Feidhelm, he says, brushing a stray strand of hair out of the gingers face. Huxs need is still different than his, for Hux the experience doesnt have any sexual overtones, its about baring himself, exposing himself and being vulnerable. Kylo can appreciate that. Do you trust me? Will you let me try to meet this need for you? Hux looks away, anxiety flooding him. Again? So soon after? Part of him aches, longs for that feeling of calm, but now louder than ever hes also railing against it. Im afraid, he admits quietly. Its okay to be afraid. You know Ill stop if you want me to. Hux bites his lip, closing his eyes tightly and gives a stiff nod. Okay. Okay do it, he feels his breath coming quickly, on the verge of panic. If he doesnt do this now, doesnt face it, he never will again. Give me what I need . The cool sensation of the collar settles around his neck almost instantly and he gasps a little, tensing. But Ren has one hand on his back, rubbing in small circles, the other is stroking his hair and the Knights voice is murmuring lowly in his ear. Easy. Easy now. Its okay. Relax for me. Slowly Hux does and Ren is gently pushing him to lie down on his back on the bed. The hand rubbing in circles moves from his back to his belly where it resuming its work, circling around the Generals navel through his undershirt. Breathe for me, come on now, Ren tells him. Hux obeys, his limbs feel heavy and his mind is exhausted as it tries to fight against the growing feeling of calm filling him. Good. Youre doing so well, the Knight praises and before he can stop it a small sob breaks free from Huxs throat. He wants to be good, to hear the words of praise, to be valued. A warm, almost happy feeling starts to bloom in his chest. As if he is finally properly warming up after being on Starkiller for so long. Then Rens hands are sliding up his torso and moving to stroke along his forehead. He is glad the Knight made him lie down because the effect is dizzyingly euphoric. A noise that is half laugh, half sob leaves him. Easy, let it go. I wont hurt you, Kylo tells him, strong fingers stroking across his forehead and dull nails scratching at his scalp and carding through his hair. Hux knows he should be fighting this. Should be resisting it. Should be doing any number of things, but all he can focus on is Kylos voice. On how good the touches on his body feel. This is so different from every other time theyve done this. Gradually the feeling of being at war with himself lessens. If itll ever go away, Hux doesnt know but right now all that matters is that Kylo is touching him so gently. Listen to me now. Im going to have you move. Be good for me, okay? Be good and Ill give you your name. Kylos hands withdraw and Hux shivers. This is still the same, then. The naming process, the giving of validation. He doesnt know if he can move though, at the moment his body is so pliant and relaxed. Hux just wants to lie there forever. He wants this quiet in his mind all the time. He wants Kylos hands back on him stroking away the fear and anxiety. Up now. Amazingly Hux finds himself able to obey, to move. Hes a bit slower, and a great deal more ungraceful with the brandy in his system but finally he managed to rise up on his knees. Hux wobbles a bit, but manages to stay upright. Keep breathing, good. Youre doing well, Rens hands stroke down his back, tracing the outline of his shoulder blades through the undershirt he still wears. Hux gasps softly, a shudder going through him and unbidden, a sob escapes him. Shhh, its alright. Let go. Just for a few moments, let go. No more Starkiller. No more Order. Just. Let. It. All. Go. Tears are streaming down his face now and Rens warm hands move to wipe them away. Warm? When had the Knights hands become warm? They were always so cold Then Hux feels the warmth and light surround him and everything fades away. Sit pretty for me. Hux sinks so his bottom rests on the back of his heels, his hands fold into his lap. Safe. He is safe. He is warm. Rens hands are stroking down his arms, over his folded legs and sending goosebumps rising all over his body. Youre doing so well Feidhelm. Youre so beautiful. I love you. In that very moment, Hux ceases to be himself. He ceases to be part of the First Order. He feels, much like he is floating, as if his body and all its scars, fears and bad memories have been left behind. In this very moment, only his consciousness exists. Everything is a golden, warm light and is embracing him. Then suddenly hes in a garden surrounded by a high wall. There is sunlight everywhere and a breeze sends clothing flapping about on a line a little ways off. Flowers are in full bloom and trees are hanging heavy with fruit, in the distance a small creek babbles among some rocks. And all around him there are children of all different species. The younglings laugh, jostling each other as they play. Their joy is infectious and a smile slowly spreads across the once Generals face. He feels a hand slide into his, gripping it tightly. He looks and sees Kylo at his side. This can be ours Feidhelm. If you want it to be, the Knight tells him. Do you? Yes, Hux whispers breathlessly. He feels so at peace here. As if he is home somehow. Everyone is safe. Everyone is happy. And no one, nothing can take that from them. Kylo pulls him into a kiss and the bright, warm light fills his senses again. It smells, he realizes, like honey and vanilla. Like rain and sunlight. Warm, clean earth and moss. Then slowly, it fades. Easy now, come back to me. He latches on to the sound of Kylos voice and lets it draw him in. He knows coming back means that he has to face all of it again. All the terrible responsibilities. All the pain. And it terrifies him. Feidhelm, Rens voice is in his ear and Hux feels himself being pulled back, down and over. He tumbles over stiffly, his legs buzzing, feeling like they have pins and needles in them. One of Rens hands is slowly massaging his thighs and calves. Easy, relax for me. Come back to me beloved. Slowly Huxs eyes open. He didnt remember having closed them, when had that happened? Ren is gazing down at him, a small smile on his face. Thats right. Ren is here. His Kylo, his Knight. So long as he has Ren by his side, he can manage. He can stand strong. Face the entire Galaxy. Hey there. Im going to take the collar off now, okay? Huxs brow furrows. Was it still on? He barely even felt it. Slowly he manages a nod, his thoughts still disjointed and fuzzy as Kylos fingers deftly remove the Force woven circlet from his neck. The Knight shows it to him, proof and a promise, both unspoken but understood. Even with it removed, the feeling of warm calm stays, settled firmly in his mind and chest. This is different than any session theyve had in the past. He is lighter, his breathing comes easier and quietly part of him has to admit that this collar is nothing like the one of slavery. That perhaps this was not so bad. Hux reaches out, touching it once, feeling the coolness of it and then his hand goes to touch Kylos face.  A rnsearc , he murmurs. It will be okay, he realizes. No matter what happens. He has his Knight by his side. The man who loves him enough to do this for him, despite everything he knows about Hux. I love you, he murmurs tiredly. All the strength feels like its been zapped from him. All he wants to do is sleep, to savor the remaining warmth between himself and Kylo. I know you do Feidhelm, Kylo leans down and presses a kiss against Huxs lips. Dont sleep. Not yet. You need to eat, you need to take care of yourself my General. The redhead has to marvel at Kylos ability to extend this level of care, this sort of mindfulness. He is so grateful in this moment to have the Force user by his side. So thankful that the Knight is not only able, but willing to give him this sort of care. Something Hux didnt even realize he needed. Ren is helping him sit up now, cuddling him close and pressing a piece of fruit to his lips. Eat for me. Hux stares at the fruit, trying to get his mind to form a protest. Ren needs to eat too, whatever Force magic the Knight had performed could not have been easy to do. All the feelings of despair, maddening desires for revenge, theyre  not gone, but quieter. More manageable. Did did Ren do that? He had to have. The Knight smiles faintly as Hux broadcasts this thoughts far too loudly. Hes still coming down from the euphoria of the session, from the magnitude of what hes experienced and been shown. It will take him a little longer before he has complete control and coordination of his thoughts and limbs again. Even so, his General would find a way to worry about him. That is part of why the Knight loves him. Dont worry about me, youve taken care of me for so long Feidhelm, he murmurs, nuzzling against the Generals neck. Just let me take care of you for now. Hux licks his lips nervously and then with agonizing slowness leans forward and eats the piece of fruit being offered to him. He moans quietly and shudders, feeling Ren hug him just a little tighter and press a kiss against the back of his neck. Good, youre doing well, the Knight whispers, trailing his lips across Huxs shoulder. Maker, Feidhelm, I love you so much! His voice is tight with emotion and Hux cranes his neck to look back at the other man with worry. Ren feels the worry swelling from Hux and raises his eyes to meet the Generals. Im okay beloved. Im okay, he smiles. Really he is. Kylo feels stronger than he has in a long time, being able to do this for Hux has given the Knight a validation that he didnt know he needed. It makes all manner of emotions swell within him, he is strong enough, good enough to give this to his lover. He can carry some of this pain that Hux has for so long. He can support the other man through this. Just as Hux has for him. Huxs fingers gently brush against his eyes and Ren blinks. Tears. Hed started crying. The swirling storm of emotions shifting between them is overwhelming and theyre both shaking a little bit he realizes. Its okay, Ren tells his lover. I promise, theyre good tears, he brushes at his eyes with the heel of his hand. He sniffs slightly and rests his forehead against Huxs. Then he feels the piece of fruit press against his lips and he has to laugh slightly. Im never going to not worry about you Kylo, Hux murmurs to him. Ren smiles and eats the piece of fruit being offered to him, chewing a few times before swallowing it and leaning forward to kiss the General. Hux meets his lips eagerly, twisting and readjusting himself so he is straddling Kylos lap, needing to be pressed as close as he can be to the Knight. Kylo wraps his arms around the smaller man and holds him tightly. I love you, Hux is whispering between kisses, his fingers are tangling in Rens hair. His mind is still fuzzy, it makes it harder to say the words in Basic and he slips, letting native words roll off his tongue as his kisses the Knight.  T m i ngr leat . Kylo sighes into the kisses, a smile spreading over his face, the taste of fruit between their lips. If he could just lie here and be kissed by Hux for the rest of eternity, he wouldnt consider it a loss. Say it again, he whispers as the strange words overtake the Basic ones. There is something so beautiful, so vulnerable about Hux when he loses himself enough to speak in his native tongue. The Knight feels the heat from the blush rising in his Generals cheeks. Say it again for me? Please? he asks dipping his head to place kisses on Huxs jaw and neck. The General whimpers and shivers at the kisses, taking Kylos face in his hands so brown eyes and green meet. He takes a slow, deep breath in and focuses on his Knight, not hiding from him, not ducking away. Letting the other man see him and all his vulnerabilities. T m i ngr leat. --- Thank you, Hux says quietly. I I was going mad. Its hours later and theyre lying down again. Still clothed in pants, socks and undershirts, legs tangled together as Ren lies on his back with one arm around Hux, tucking the General tightly against his side. Huxs head is resting on the Knights chest, an arm wrapped around his waist. Millicent is curled up at their feet. Youre not mad, not any madder than I am, Kylo reassures him. I would do it again for you, you know that right? Hux nods, his fingers sliding over the hard muscles of the Knights abdomen that are hidden by the thin cloth of Kylos undershirt. What did you do? How did you undo whatever  he trails off. He hates saying it aloud. Hates admitting that Snoke was able to so easily tear into him. You give me too much credit, Feidhelm, Ren strokes Huxs hair and feels the General relax against him. The other had started to grow tense as hed spoken, Ren didnt want that. Didnt want the anxiety to come creeping back just yet. Wanted peace for just a little while longer. But, its quiet now, Hux murmurs. The feeling, like something is gnawing away at me, its, he frowns. Not gone. But quieter. Not as painful. Kylo is silent for a moment, thinking about how to explain this to his lover. It is harder when one isnt connected to the Force, when one isnt aware of the ebb and flow of emotions and energies. It is something Shelish taught me, he explained. Something she did for me early on. When my fear of her being like my Master was so great that it actually inhibited my training. Hux turns his head and rests his chin on Kylos chest, green eyes gazing at him, listening with rapt attention. There is something almost childlike about his interest. Hux who is as blind to the Force as Han Solo is, but wants to learn all he can about it, because it matters to Kylo. One of the Generals hands finds Rens and takes hold of it, interlocking their fingers and giving it a squeeze of reassurance. She made me confront it. Made me vocalize what had happened. In the moment I hated her for it, for making me relive it. But once it was all out, she held me. She wrapped me in the Force and comforted me. Reassured me. And for the first time I finally felt safe . That was the first time Id been held kindly by another being since Id fled from my uncle, he looked at Hux, bringing their clasped hands up to kiss the back of the Generals. It hurts, I know. It hurts so much and feels like it will eat you alive. But once you face it, you admit that it is there, it stops having such complete power over you. It doesnt go away, it never does, but it helps, he told the other man. Im so glad you let me help you Feidhelm. And Im so sorry I never thought, never realized what was wrong previously. Why you struggled against it so much sometimes. You cant know what I dont tell you, Hux sighs, he turns his head so hes resting the side of his face on Kylos chest again. It haunted me. Its always been something shameful, something my father would dangle over my head when I was at the Academy. Remind me that he could have easily let the raiders keep me, I would have made a good bedslave. That if hed had any other sons hed have just as soon let me be sold. Or forced my mother to abort me. The arm Kylo has around him tightens and Hux lets out a shaky breath. Kylo shifts, his legs tugging Huxs closer to him. It makes him feel a little safer, to have the solid mass of the Knights broad body against him. I dont want to be like him, ever, Hux whispers. I dont want to be a puppet. I I want to be better than that. You are Feidhelm, Ren insists quietly, murmuring the words into his hair. You are. Starkiller, Hux feels his throat tighten. It makes it so easy to give in. To simply take revenge and let worlds burn. It it scares me Kylo, because part of me wants it so badly. Shame floods him. This is something his father would want, complete and utter annihilation of their enemies. Bloody revenge that left a trail of bodies in its wake. He doesnt want to be that monster! I think Kylo starts slowly, his tone thoughtful. That your fear of it, already makes you more mindful, makes you better than your father. The fact that you are aware, that you dont want to senselessly take lives speaks more to me than anything. He nuzzles against Huxs hair. You are a good man, Feidhelm. I know that if you have to make that terrible choice, you will not do it lightly. Hux feels something coil up tightly in his chest and then suddenly loosen. He presses his face against Kylos chest, his body shuddering, and softly cries. Kylo moves the hand that isnt tightly clasping his and slowly starts to rub his back. Thank you, Hux whispers, trying to get control of his emotions. You have done the same for me, Kylo reminds him, offering him a half smirk when Hux looks back at him. Youre the one who told me were in this together. We have to support each other and I am at your side Feidhelm Hux, until all the stars in the sky burn out and the Galaxy collapses in on itself. I am here, my General. My Knight, Hux sniffles once and pushes himself up on an elbow so he can better regard the other man. He frees his hand from Kylos and uses it to trace over the Knights face. Rens eyes close in bliss at the gentle touch. I could not ask for a better lover in the entire Galaxy. You have been so patient with my stubbornness, and kinder than I thought anyone could ever be. And one day   Hux feels his voice damnably, wobbling again. When this war is over. When our fight is done. I want to stand in that garden with you. Kylos eyes snap open and for an instant they are perfectly connected. If by the Force, or the sheer willpower contained within their souls, neither can tell. They are of one heart and one mind, one desire. When Hux leans down to kiss Kylo and their lips meet it is like a live wire. As if a star has gone supernovae. The strength of their connection blinds them both and it all goes white as consciousness flees from both of their grasps and Hux topples over, collapsing half on the Knight below him. Millicent looks up at her owners, both suddenly asleep somehow, she rubs her cheek against the socked foot closest to her, purring. The room grows colder then and her ears go back on her head. This again. She does not like it, but so far this being has not caused any harm. The being takes form and the orange cat notices that this one is different than the other. Millicent moves to stand, arching her back warningly at the noncorporeal being. The being stands next to the bed gazing at them, a smile breaking out onto its face. Im so glad you found him little supernovae. Hold each other tightly, dream of that garden. Do not ever let go of that hope. For so long as there is hope, the Void will not consume us, the being glances at Millicent. You understand dont you, little one? The Light and Dark, none if it will matter if we are consumed by the Void. There must be both balance and acceptance, only then can there be peace. Only then can we hope to stand against the Void. Notes: CONTEST I am hosting a contest for fan art/edits/photomanips for this fiction. It starts Friday August 26 2016 and runs for two weeks til Friday September 9 2016. My beta and I will be judging the entries. You may submit up to three entries. For those of you that I interact with outside of AO3, if you know spoilers you're not allowed to use them in your submission. To submit entries please just link them in the comments, or if you have instagram, share them there and tag me and use the hashtag "balanceofpowercontest". You are welcome to share this contest information and fic on your preferred social media (facebook, tumblr, ig, etc). Just link back to the fic if you do please :) PRIZES First Place: $50 of their choice of Nyx Cosmetics OR $50 of merchandise from TEEFURY , whichever the winner prefers. Second & Third Place: Shoutout on Instagram for your social media platform of choice + jewellery + adorable resin pieces by the amazing Odin's Bead Hall Writing this fiction, being able to reach so many people and share this passion that I have has been such a privilege and honor. I'm so amazed at all the people I've met from all walks of life who are drawn together by their love of Star Wars. I cannot thank you all enough for it. For our discussions, debates and explorations of some of these more volatile topics as well as your unending support. It means the world to me and I hope that as this fiction wraps up you all will be around for the sequel. <3 "A rn mo chro" translates as Secret of my heart. "T brn orm" translates as "I'm so sorry" "a leanbh" translates as "my child" "A chuisle, a chro" translates as " Pulse of my heart/My hearts beloved." "T gr again duit " and "T m i ngr leat." both translate as "I love you" in varying intensities. Chapter 14 : Light the Gas, Strike the Match Notes: Welcome gentle reader to the 14th chapter of this humble fiction. Please note that this is a re-posting of ch14 as AO3's email notification system seems to be stuck again. Also I accidentally backdated the update when I posted it on Saturday and when I updated the post date the email never notification never went out. So apologies if you've already read this chapter, here it is again, ch 15 will go live some time on Friday <3 I feel oddly numb as I go about posting this chapter. As if I am standing on the edge of a great and terrible abyss. It seems as though the more I write, the darker the places within my own self I tend to visit. This chapter became oddly personal for me as I wrote it. Many of the decisions faced by the characters where ones I had to make myself under various states of duress. It is my hope that I have honestly and successfully not only recreated the agony of the choices that are made here, but the mental state of the characters who have to make them. It is my hope that I have done my job as a writer and that even if you disagree with the choices made, you will have a measure of empathy for the characters who are in the awful positions of having to make them. This chapter will make you rage, will terrify you and leave a bad taste in your mouth. I feel like Dante Alighieri said it best: "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here." Before you embark on this journey be aware that this chapter contains the following disturbing themes: -rape -gaslighting -discussion of BDSM safe words -a consensual and discussed BDSM scene -vague Force visions that depict character deaths -gore -psychological torture -Force monsters -depictions of battle -miscarriage -generalized hopelessness -harm to children -assassination attempts As always dear reader, I humbly thank you for your dedication to this fiction. I thank all of you who have supported me as we have made our way down this winding and dangerous road. Without further preamble, I present to you, chapter 14: Light the Gas, Strike the Match The air was thick with smoke. Ash swirled about in the wind. The trees that had once been green were but smoldering stumps with glowing red cores. The flowers were burnt away, as was the grass. The entire place reeked of death. Kylo sucked a deep breath in and choked on the smell of burnt vegetation and charred flesh. It was then that he saw the bodies piled at his feet. No, he moaned. No! No! Please no! But his pleas fell on the deaf ears of the dead. His mother lay face down on the ground at his feet, a blaster in her hand. His father only feet from her, eyes open in surprise, as if he couldnt believe that he was actually dead. Han was reaching out with one hand to Leia, a terrible wound on his chest. Except that it wasnt Leia his eyes were on. They were on Kylo, boring into him, mouth open as if hed been killed mid-sentence. Come back home Ben! We can fix this! His fathers voice rang out in his ears. Kylo staggered back from the scene, a hand going to his mouth. No! He hadnt wanted them dead! Hed never wanted that! He tripped as he retreated from the terrible sight and fell backwards. Clouds of ash rose up all around Kylo, making him cough and gag. Then he realized just what he had tripped over. Who he had tripped over. Mitaka was cradling Ashara against him, both their bodies riddled with blaster wounds. Their faces gaunt and tear stained. But even in death they had not let go of each other. We look after our own, remember? We wont let you down ! Ren could hear Mitakas voice, kind and proud and so damnably hopeful. Im sorry! Kylo reached out with shaking hands to their bodies. Im so sorry I couldnt protect you! His fingers brush Asharas shoulder and her flesh crumbled away revealing maggots and the stinking black sludge that bodies decomposed into. Kylo jerked back, fighting down the vomit that rose in his throat. He scrambled to his feet, surely it wasnt all destroyed! Surely some part had survived! But the house had been burned to the ground, only its charred skeleton remaining. That was where he saw Phasma. Her body fallen in the door frame, blaster still in hand, as if shed been taken down trying to defend the place. Thick, congealed blood was gathered around her body, the source of the wound at her stomach, as if someone or something had torn her open and tried to disembowel her. Its okay little brother. Kylo felt a sob well up inside him and he turned away. He didnt dare look inside, fearing he might see the bodies all the nameless children that he had seen previously, back when the garden had been green. He couldnt handle that. Slowly he turned from the bodies of his loved ones, pushing his way deeper and deeper into the remains of the garden that had once been so green. So full of life. Even the sky was gray now. Clouds rolling and boiling menacingly overhead. But he found nothing that inspired hope. The creek and pond in that had once been green and blue surrounded by mossy rocks was now dark red. So dark that it was nearly black. Kylo stared at it hopelessly, his heart breaking. He had shown this to Hux barely two weeks ago and now it was all gone. Lost to ash and death. What had happened to it? What had he done wrong to lose it? A cold wind blew through the burnt garden, causing a shiver to go through the Knight. Kylo felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise and his body tense. Kylo! Hope filled his chest, wild and erratic and he spun around, hands reaching out- And he saw Hux fall to his knees, his face bloody, his clothing ruined. Behind him stood Snoke. NO! Kylo cried, rushing forward, knowing without knowing, exactly what was about to happen. But he was too slow. Hux opens his mouth to speak, a hand going to reach out to Kylo. There is fear in his eyes, not for himself, but for the Knight. R-Run! A rnsearc- His words are cut off as Snoke grabs a fist full of the Generals hair and yanks upwards so quickly and with such terrific force that there is a tearing sound. Flesh rips, muscles and tendons tear. Bones crush. Then Huxs body falls forward, blood running from his neck. In his hands, Snoke holds the Generals head. Huxs eyes are wide in terror still, his mouth partially open, muscles twitching in their last, reflexive spasms, making it look like Hux is still calling out to him. Telling him to run. As if the fact that Huxs head is now removed from his body hasnt caught up with his brain yet. Kylo freezes at the horrifying sight, falling to his knees, screaming unintelligibly as pain rips through him. Something heavy and wet collides with Kylos chest, he looks down to see Huxs head on the ground in front of him. Did you honestly think he could keep you safe? That anyone could? That this pathetic childs dream would come to fruition? Snoke is looming over him as Kylo picks up the head, cradling it to his chest. He rocks back and forth, sobbing as his fingers stroke Huxs hair back from his unseeing eyes. Did you really believe that you belonged to anyone other than me, Apprentice? Snoke grabs his jaw, forcing Kylos head up so their eyes lock. Did you really think you could escape me that easily? A roar of feral rage leaves the Knight and Kylo lunges forward at the withered monster to attack him. Snoke sends him flying backwards into the bloody pond with a wave of a hand. Kylo resurfaces, gasping for breath, sputtering, trying to get the thick congealed blood off his face and out of his eyes. You never learn do you? You keep clinging to hope, Snoke leers at him as he walks towards the edge of the pond where Kylo is struggling. He waves his hand again and suddenly something from the depths of that blood filled pond wraps around Kylos leg and pulls him under. Ren screams. He screams and screams as air rushes out of his lungs and thick sludge comes in and he gets pulled further and further down. His world starts to go black. Snoke has finally taken everything from him. His family and friends. His lover. His future. And now Snoke will end him. It's all over. He's failed. He wasn't strong enough. Kylo wails in despair as the last bit of air leaves his lungs. --- KYLO! Phasma screams, shaking him. They'd been in the middle of sparring when suddenly Kylo had dropped his guard, his eyes glazing over as his body had stopped moving. Then his entire body had seized up and then he'd collapsed thrashing and screaming. Thankfully it had been late at night and they'd been alone in the gym. There was no one to bear witness to whatever was happening to the Knight. Kylo wake up! Come on, snap out of it! Kylo! she shakes him again. She'd commed Hux the second the fit had started, but it would take him a few minutes to get there. Suddenly Kylo surged up against her. Phasma! he gasped, his arms going around her and she returns the embrace. Kylo, what happened? What is it? she asked, but he's sobbing into her chest, clinging to her and shaking. The Knight doesn't seem able to make words at the moment so she just holds him and rocks him. Shhh, Shhh it's okay little brother, she murmurs into his sweat soaked hair. I've got you. You're safe, you're with me, no one will hurt you. He kills you, Ren's voice moans weakly from where his face is pressed against her sternum. He kills you! He kills everyone! Who, Kylo? Phasma strokes his hair, trying to keep him talking. Trying to keep him in the present. It had been months since he had an episode, had something triggered it? Was this a Force vision? He burned the garden to ash! Kylos voice hitches and rises into a wail again. What garden? Kylo, what are you talking about? Phasma tries to get him to talk to her, to focus on her words and not whatever terrifying place he'd been pulled into. Kylo raises his head at looks at her with large, sad eyes. Dont tell Hux! he whispers frantically. You can't ever tell Hux! Tell me what? the Generals voice comes from behind them and Kylo gasps and stiffens. The General crouches next to Phasma and Ren, one hand going to the Captain's shoulder, the other to cup the Knights face. What happened? Kylo moans weakly and hides his face again Phasmas chest again, ashamed and embarrassed. The Captain speaks for him, stroking his hair gently as she does, and he is eternally grateful to her advocacy. We were sparring get and then suddenly he zoned out and collapsed. Started screaming. Something about a garden burning, about everyone being killed. Her brow wrinkles in worry. It didn't feel like a flashback, in fact this seemed more like when he'd felt his teacher die through the Force. Phasma might not be able to manipulate the Force, but as she was around Kylo more and more she was able to sense its ebb and flow. The Force acted like a untamable river, boiling over its banks and threatening to drown everything around it. The Force was pure chaos as she saw it, and her ability to to cancel it out, to shield herself from it with greater accuracy and redirect it around her, placed her right in the middle of it. Like a boulder in the middle of a frantic, raging whitewater. An island of calm in the storm of Dark and Light where things were neither. As Hux tried to comfort the Knight, Phasma took a slow breath in and projected calm out around all three of them. She had to exercise care in this. Her goal was not to silence the Force, not to cut it off entirely, that would more than likely send Kylo spiraling further down into a panic. No that was the last thing she wanted to do, she didn't want to remind him of Project Force Choke. She just needed him calm. Breathe for me, Kylo, Hux is telling the Knight, a hand rubbing his back. Easy, just breathe. He glances at Phasma, expression worried. Guilt floods the General, and for a moment hes afraid that he has been the cause of this. That his recent weakness and need has put too much pressure on the Knight, that it has pushed him too hard. The garden burning? The place that Ren had shown him, once all green and filled with warmth and light and joy . The thought made Hux's stomach twist and he shifted his weight slightly. They needed to get Ren out of here, away from the off chance of someone seeing his vulnerabilities. Help me move him, he said to Phasma. This fit was far from over and what the Captain had relayed to him was terrifying. I can walk on my own! Kylo bristled suddenly, pulling away from them both and pushing himself to his feet with a huff and a poorly concealed sniffle. The General and Captain exchanged a look, silently agreeing on something before approaching the Knight. Okay then, come on, Hux said in a low murmur as he offered Kylo his hand, as Phasma did the same. Slowly the Ren took both their hands and let them lead him away. He follows them in a daze, breathing heavily through his mouth. The garden was burnt to ash. It was all gone! His vision swims, fading in and out between the images of the barren wastescape and the Star Destroyer hall. He stumbles. Hux and Phasma slow in their pace and the Captain moves closer to him, letting their shoulders brush. Ren gives himself a small shake, eyes going between lover and friend. He feels disjointed, as if he is half drowned and someone is trying to pull him from a swamp. He can feel Huxs worry and Phasma trying to soothe his agitation by pressing a gentle silence in around them. Help, his voice comes out small and terrified as he looks at the man and woman by his side. We will, Hux promises him in a rush, he starts to make a movement, but then stops, hesitating, worried about how out in the open they are in this moment. How on display everything is. His hand grips Rens tighter and he gets them moving again, leading the way. He takes them down that familiar passage of impossible twists and turns until they are in the atrium. The three of them settle into a darkened corner, Phasma wedging herself against the wall and then pulling Kylo down into her lap. The Knight goes without complaint and allows her to shift him so his back is to her chest and her arms link loosely around his waist, their legs sprawled out in front of them. Kylo is trembling slightly as Hux sits facing them, cross legged between their feet and leans forward, taking Rens hands in his own. Tell me what happened, Hux encourages, his voice soft as his thumbs rub against the back of Kylos hands. Ren bites his lip and shakes his head stubbornly, whining softly. Kylo, Phasma murmurs, one of her hands going to stroke at his hair as he tries to turn away from Hux and hide against her again. Its okay. Youre safe. Nothing can harm you here. Hux reaches out, stroking Kylos face again, and a small whimper comes from Ren. What did you see? the Generals voice is barely a whisper. What happened? Kylo swallows heavily a few times, his breathing harsh and frantic, even as they work to soothe him. He knows it hasnt come to pass yet, perhaps he can stop it from coming true? Perhaps there is a way to save the garden? To save this precious future that he wants to share so badly with his loved ones. IIt came out of nowhere, he swallows heavily. I was in the garden, he doesnt look at Hux or Phasma as he speaks, his hands are tightly clenching the long sleeved shirt he is wearing. He focuses on the sensation of his fingers rubbing the cloth between them, it makes it a bit easier to talk. It was burned to the ground. All ash and blood and death, he raises his eyes to Hux. Everyone was dead. I saw I saw my Master kill you. I couldnt stop him! I couldnt stop any of it! He wishes his teacher was here. Wishes that he had the Nightsisters guidance. She would know better than anyone if this premonition held any weight. But the Dathomirian witch did not appear before him. Hux however did. Ren blinked, not sure when hed zoned out as the General moves closer in his field of vision and rests his forehead against the Knights. Phasmas hands have moved to wrap around his chest and hug him tightly. Kylo, Hux whispers to him. I am very much alive right now, as is Phasma. We wont die easily. None of us will, Phasma adds. Well keep you safe. Keep each other safe. Kylo shivers and then his arms go around Hux, hugging him tightly. Itll be all right, the General promises him quietly. Weve got you. We wont let go. You know that. We fight for each other. I dont want to lose you! Any of you! Youre all I have! the words leave Ren in a frantic whisper. As if saying them aloud will cause them to come true. You wont, it is Phasma who makes the promise, squeezing him tightly, even as Kylo hides his face against the crook of Huxs neck and shoulder. You wont lose us little brother. Kylo take a deep breath and slowly lets it out. Calmness is gradually returning to him after the terrifying vision. The Knight knows just how lucky he is to have the two people at his side, even if they are at odds sometimes. A sense of urgency fills him as he nuzzles against where his face hides against Hux's neck. Slowly he moves and presses his lips to Hux's ear and whispers into it so only the General can hear. It isn't your fault Feidhelm, I want you to know that. Hux shudders at the words, his eyes closing as he cradles the back of Kylo's head with one hand. Ren, I- I promise, your needs did not cause this, Kylo kisses the words against his ear and slowly pulls back. He take one of Hux's hands in his own and then Phasmas in the other, squeezing them. I get lost sometimes, in the Force. It can be terrifying, he explains slowly so they can both hear. I'm so grateful that I have you two, he looks back at Phasma. A big sister to advocate for me, he looks back to Hux. And I lover who would go through hell to see me safe. Thank you, I treasure you both so his voice shakes. So much! I want to keep you safe! I want to keep the others safe! We look out for each other, Phasma reminds him gently. Kylo, Hux presses a kiss to his forehead. Maker he loves it when the General gives him this gentle affection. Were a family. All five of us. So long as we remained united we are unstoppable. We will not fall, we will not fail. No one gets left behind. Ever. Thats our promise to you, little brother. Even when our stupid General makes me want to strangle him sometimes, she gave Hux a teasing grin over Kylo's shoulder to silently tell him there were no hard feelings at heart. We are family. United. Even those who are not with us presently. I know they would feel the same. --- I have a bad feeling about this, Ren murmured lowly as they approached the meeting room. Snoke had summoned both of them quite suddenly with no explanation or indication of what he wanted to discuss. This did not bode well. It made the Knights skin crawl to think that he might have to watch Snoke tear into his lover again. Or worse his Master might turn on him. Or send him and Hux against each other. A million terrible possibilities flooded Rens mind as the door to the meeting room drew nearer and nearer. The vision of the garden being destroyed had not left the Knights mind and no matter how many times hed meditated since that day, no matter how deep hed dove into the Force. The future remained as hazy as ever. A gloved hand brushed against his own and he saw Hux give him the briefest of glances. Ren thinks his heart may just stop at this small gesture. He knows there is no one in the hallways to see it and that this part of the ship is lacking in surveillance cameras but all the same. The touch of comfort means the world to him. Together we are strong, the General tells him quietly as he keys in his access code. Together we are mighty, Ren whispers, typing in his own access code. Together we will rise and none shall stand against us, Hux finishes. It is a strange mantra theyve developed. It reassures them both in turn, comforts them. He knows Hux has just as much reason to be afraid as he does, especially since Snoke has shown that he no longer holds Hux in any sort of favor. If it is an elaborate test or simply for his Masters own cruel, amusement at this point Ren cannot tell. The doors to the meeting chamber slide open and they stride down the aisle, footsteps in sync and stop at the foot of the throne to gaze up at the hologram of the Supreme Leader. General, Snoke glares down at him. I have heard your little ah, pet politician project is going well. She has finally gained us some support. Yes Supreme Leader, we have gained a second planet within the Industrial Manufacturing Region just last week, Hux doesnt skip a beat, doesnt blink, even though his heart is racing and his adrenaline is surging, anticipating at attack. These gains however, they are costly are they not? The cost compared to that of weapons, fuel, troopers, and turning those planets against us because we forced them into our service, is nominal. If we wish for support for the First Order we must gain it from all beings of all classes. We will not get support readily from the upper classes, from those who are well off. They are few in number, but those who are enmass will give us all they have. We need only give them a taste of what the Order can do for them. Show them how they will benefit from having Order instead of corruption and chaos, Hux raises his chin slightly. He does not like where this is going. Last time they had this conversation it had ended up with Kylo having to inject him with the last of his nanobots before he bled to death. Win the masses Supreme Leader, and we win this war. Snoke regards them both for a long time in silence. Two planets that need their entire infrastructure rebuilt is not a victory General. It is charity. That is not the purpose of the First Order. Perhaps you have forgotten that? Has your vision become clouded? Snokes eyes narrow dangerously. You seem to have forgotten the glory of the Empire General. Your father and the council will be most displeased. Perhaps it would be better if we were to replace you? The Emperor became corrupted by his own lust for power, I will not see the First Order fall the same way. I will not see it destroyed before it has even begun! Hux swallows, fighting down the urge to shout. To keep himself in control. Control is precious here. He must stay within balance of himself. But he cannot, will not back down. He will turn this Order into a machine unlike the Republic or Empire. He will make things right. If having a scintilla of mercy and humility is what keeps the First Order from meeting the same fate, what gives it strength and an ability to rise to power. To overthrow the Republic and the damned Resistance then I will chose that route. Every. Single. Time. Snoke stares down at him and then a smirk breaks across that twisted and weathered face. Be that as it may General, I have an assignment for you. I will have the details sent to you. I do not care what means you use to achieve these goals, but I will not tolerate failure. You are to claim ten planets in various key places for the First Order. You have three years to do so. We cannot afford to wait and see if your politician's words are effective or not, of the five planets she's been to in nearly six months she has only brought two to our cause. So consider this a contingency plan, if you will General. Because you get results and right now the First Order needs results, not charity work. Am I clear? Crystal, Hux says stiffly. Snoke smiles at him in a way that makes Huxs blood run cold. You will do so on your own. Without the aid of my Apprentice, he adds and Hux feels himself stiffen, his hands clench into fists at his side. It takes all his self control not to snarl at the being before them as Snoke continues. You have come to rely too heavily on my Apprentices abilities. You cannot have that crutch General, you know this. It doesnt make tactical sense. So I am recalling him from your service, Snokes eyes shift from General to Knight and his smirk becomes an outright leer . Hux keeps his vision straight ahead. He must show no emotion. No outrage. Nor sorrow. His hands are shaking slightly with rage and his heart is pounding loudly and wildly in his ears. Of course Snoke would do this! This was a punishment, another mission he was supposed to fail. Something else to give the heads of the Order a reason to be rid of him. Hux is so furious that he almost doesnt hear the order Snoke gives Ren. I will see you at my citadel. Your Knights are already on their way. There is much for us to discuss and much for you to still learn, he is leaning down, the imposing hologram so close to Ren that it looks like it might devour the other man. Ren is grateful for his mask in that moment, but he knows his Master can sense his fear, even across the Galaxy. Snoke is all but purring his next words, content that he has thrown both men before him into turmoil. What a pity the General could not have used you more wisely, you could have brought him great victories. The most valuable tool in the entire box. But a knife edge gets dull if you do not hone it, refine it. It is time to continue your training. You have one day to settle your accords aboard this ship Apprentice. Now go. --- They leave the meeting with stiff backs, not looking at each other. The door to the chamber slides shut and they stand there, silently next to each other. Hux sees Rens hand starting to twitch, itching to go to his lightsaber and destroy something. Hes doing this on purpose, he knows , Ren hisses lowly. Thats the only way - No. Wed both be dead, Hux counters as he starts to walk down the hall towards the lift that will take him to the bridge. If our rumor spreading has worked, then hell hopefully think youre married remember? Or did Phasma have to endure all those embarrassing wedding gifts for nothing?" Ren shakes his helmeted and hooded head. "This... I don't like it. I hate it. I hate him!" "That could be mistaken for treason, mind your words," Hux warns him as they step into the lift. "And please, for the love of the Maker, don't destroy my ship in a fit of rage. That will not help me do this impossible task he's set before me." "You have three years to conquer ten planets, it doesn't sound that impossible," Ren rolled his eyes behind his mask, slouching against the wall of the lift. He didn't want to go see his Master, he didn't want to confront the other Knights! It would be a battle for rank with the latter, it always was. The boy Kylo had come and upset their secret society. He had murdered his way to the top of the ranking as he had needed to. The Knights had taught him cruelty that had rivaled Snokes own and when he had finally claimed the rank of Master within their society, when he had made them swear themselves to Snoke, there had been growls of challenges. Whispers of murder. They hated him and for Kylo the feeling was mutual. His authority would be challenged at every turn, he would have to watch his back constantly. Despite that he had earned the rank of Master, they hated him for it, more so for his enslaving of them to Snoke. Snoke who had looked like he had been all but salivating at the thought of having Ren in his citadel again. Having Ren cut off from others. Rip away the support and the tower crumbles. Hux does not offer further argument. Doing so would be pointless, they each have their own struggles they will have to face alone. Hux must complete this daunting campaign, he suspects that the ten planets Snoke wants claimed are critical ones and more than likely no where near their current location. He will not be able to depend on additional support or resources, the General will have to make do with what little he has again. He will worry about the task after Ren leaves. If they had time he would want to know more about the Knights, about Kylos association with them but their time is too short and they had duties to attend to. The other man never spoke of them, Hux assumed with good reason. Tonight, he decides, tonight he will take care of Kylo. Do what he can to comfort and soothe the other before they go off to face their respective demons. The Knight is still fuming, outwardly as furious as Hux is inside. They have a few seconds though, Hux reaches out and takes the Knights hand, giving it it a squeeze. Kylo startles out of his thoughts, looking down at the hand holding his. That was right. Hux was here. His Hux. His General. It is not all lost yet. He watches as the redhead brings the gloved hand to his lips and presses a kiss against the back of it. Tonight, he tells Ren and Kylo feels twin coils of both dread and excitement twist inside him. Then Hux lets go of his hand, and steps out of the lift door as it opens, leaving the Ren to his own devices as he makes his way towards the bridge. --- The rest of the shifts drag on for far too long. It could have been a million years for as agonizingly slow as it had been. Ren has spoken with Phasma and with his platoon. Hell be assigning them to the Captain and Hux by random lottery. When he returns, if he returns, then the unit will reform. Several of the troopers are sad to hear that he is leaving and sympathy is offered all around, much to Rens amusement. It is oddly touching to have formed a connection with these soldiers. To hear them grumble that the Supreme Leader was being unfair and not even allowing him and Phasma to have a year together before calling him away again. Ren cautions them to be mindful of their words, he will be most disappointed if he returns to find out that they have been sent to reconditioning for speaking ill of the Supreme Leader. He spends a few hours in his quarters, looking at the tiny space. The bare mattress. He has some clothing left in his drawers still, most if it has been moved into Huxs dresser at this point. Might as well put the last of it in there. He wont be using the quarters anyway. There is one item that he packs away with extreme care. He takes the melted helmet from its hiding spot and wraps it ceremoniously in layers of cloth before carefully putting it inside the box hes chosen for it and securing it with a lock. The box he places on his ship, this isnt something he wants to leave behind. He packs some rations, some changes of robes and then all he can do is wait. Kylo doesnt want to say goodbye. The last thing he wants to do is leave and as he waits in Huxs quarters for the General to finish his double shift a thousand regrets fill his mind. Things he should have done. Things he wishes hed said, wishes hed asked about, wishes hed told Hux. It all threatens to drown him, to spill over in great waves. But somehow it doesnt and when the General is finally off duty, Ren cant bring himself to speak. It would seem the same silence has taken hold of the redhead as well. An acceptance of the finality of it. That there is no way out, theyre both in too deep to escape now. Slowly they undress each other until theyre just in undershirts and shorts. Fingers ghost over skin and Hux is kissing each and every scar that litters Rens body as they sink into bed. Their bodies hit the old mattress and Hux pulls him close, fingers carding through his hair and kissing his face as Ren presses against him. They wont have this closeness again, but it feels like no matter what they do, they cant touch enough. Gradually, their actions slow, until theyre just lying together breathing slow and heavy, each of them wracked with their own emotions that theyre too afraid to voice as their chests rise and fall, breaths perfectly synced. Kylo basks in this for a few minutes, closing his eyes and savoring it. Fighting back the tears of pain and frustration that constantly try to escape his eyes. Things were finally coming together! They were finally getting back on track! And his Master had to go and destroy it all again. It made anger rise up in him, a bitterness that they were being pulled apart just as they had finally made that connection. Just as the pieces were finally in place. If he never sees Hux again, if this is the end, then he doesnt want to leave with regrets. He doesnt want to leave things untouched. With a sigh he sits up, summoning all the boldness he had within himself. This he wants, this hes dreamed about and woken hot and hard for. For that headspace, that connection and drowning in desire. Hux is watching him, a thin hand stroking down his back gently, silently asking if he is all right. Ren moves again, and this time straddles his lovers hips, not putting his full weight on them but just enough so that Hux cant escape. The General gazes up at him, confused, but curious. The same hand that had touched his back reaches up and strokes his face as Hux pushes himself to sit up slightly on one elbow. What can I do? What can I give you right now a rnsearc ? he murmurs, his tone soft as he presses a kiss to the underside of Rens jaw. Kylo takes a slow deep breath and summons his courage, one of his hands going rest over the one on his face. Is is the office meeting for your violent desires only? he asks quietly. Hux cocks his head to the side, confused and Kylo frowns, biting his lip as he tries to explain. I- I want to meet you in your office. But I want it to be different. I want to fight against you, struggle, claw, bite and kiss you. He feels a blush rise in his face as he says the words aloud. He swallows heavily dropping his eyes. Hux I want to mark you, I want to bruise you so you never forget- his voice breaks and he hastily sniffles, brushing at his eyes before the tears can fall. And I w-want your marks on me too. I want to know in the weeks that come the power of your love for me. I want that ache in my body and yours to linger, even when were on opposite sides of the Galaxy. I want to mark you and then fuck you until you cant stand. He shivers, his hips rocking slightly against the Generals. Already hes half hard just from saying the words, its almost embarrassing how badly he wants this. Nervously Kylo glances down at Hux. Can we? Please? Meet me and when its all over let me need you one last time? Hux licks his lips, his heart racing at the request. He has to swallow a few times before he can manage to formulate the words. The words, Kylo, he swallows again, firmly forcing down the wild desire that Ren has loosed in him. Theyre for both of us. The need and the meeting and cant, he leans up and kisses the Knight, heart racing in his chest. With great restraint he pulls away, careful now. He is worried about doing this, about having a session like this, when they have never used these words before, especially just before Kylo leaves. Hes worried about the Knights headspace, about how much of the desires really are just for the sake of pleasure. Theyre something we share. If you want this  he struggles to find the right words. It isnt that he doesnt trust Ren, but he would never forgive himself if he took part in his lovers self-flagellation again. I want to be sure . I  I dont want to harm you. His brow furrows a bit as he looks at Ren. Slowly the Knight nods, his mouth twisting and Hux can practically hear the gears grinding in the Knights mind as he tries to figure it all out. What what if we use another word? Kylo asks almost shyly as he rocks against Hux. He doesnt know how else to tell his lover that this desire is one hundred percent based in love and passion and that thoughts of his own self-worth and self-deprivation is lightyears away in this moment. Could we do that? Add another safety check? Not as strong as cant is, but something that we can use to pause it if it gets to be too much or one of us worries that the other is somewhere unsafe, he gnaws on his lip anxiously. He wants this so very badly, this mix of pain and love and desire. He wants to see the bruises for weeks and be reminded of his lover every time he looks in a mirror. He needs that reminder, that promise that there is someone who is waiting for him, who will love him and all the broken parts that make up his being. Kylo needs it more than he does air right now. Hux is gazing up at him considerately, licking his lips and biting at them as he thinks the proposition over. Did you have a word in mind? he finally asks breathlessly. Balanced, Kylo says softly, his fingers reaching down to stroke over Huxs chest, lightly teasing over his nipples through the thin material of his undershirt. Huxs eyes close and he groans softly. You youve been thinking about this for a while, havent you? he asks, as he leans up to kiss the Knight. Kylo laughs lowly, smiling into the kiss. I might have. I  didnt want to leave with regrets. I love you too much to leave things untouched, the Knight murmured, pulling away to stare back down at Hux. He wasnt sure exactly how to start or if there was anything he could or could not do, but he was itching to do something . He doesnt want to wait anymore! Youre so starved for it, Maker I think you might devour me whole, Hux smirks at him. He feels that familiar headspace rising up in himself. The urge to dominate, to lose control and give in to feral violence. Perhaps he is just as starved as Ren is? Hux sits up a bit straighter, his expression becoming serious. One last thing, it is important, he tells the Knight, hands sliding to rest on the broader mans thighs. If it becomes too much, if you are going somewhere bad and you cannot speak, you cannot vocalize. For whatever reason. Pinch me, as hard as you can, and well stop, well get recentered, okay? Can you do that for me? Ren nods and almost laughs when Hux offers his arm out. Do it now, do a test run for me. Hux- Im serious Kylo, he strokes Rens face and runs a hand through his hair. If I never get to see you again, if this is our last night together, I dont want it to be one where I hurt you. The General looks so worried and concerned that Ren feels almost bad for asking for this. It makes sense though, there have been times where both of them have struggled with words. It is smart of Hux to think of this. Does it work the same for you? If you pinch me, we need to stop? he asks, fingers tracing over Huxs arm. The General nods and Ren feels a bit better, it isnt just because of him, it is for both of them. This is something else they can share. He brings his nails together and sharply pinches the inside of Huxs arm and the General winces, rubbing at the spot. Good, he leans up and kisses Kylo. Good. Im so proud of you a rnsearc . Youve come so far. Sweet words for after, Ren murmurs, feeling impatient. Pinch me now, before the morning comes and weve wasted away our time. He bites a bit at Huxs lips with a growl that turns into a yelp as Hux pinches his side. You fucker, Ren snarls softly, even though hes grinning. Meet me in your office? Yes, Hux whispers breathlessly. Youre such a pain in my ass, his fingers reach up to tangle in Rens hair and give it a tug. Kylo moans softly, finally! I will be. Youll be walking funny for weeks, you little bastard, Ren growls. He feels the fight rise in him. The adrenaline surges and his heart starts to race. He grabs both of Huxs hands and pins them above his head before leaning down to savage his neck. His teeth meet the soft flesh of the Generals neck and Hux cries out, twisting under him, straining against the weight that Ren has now firmly settled over his hips. But there is no escape, Ren has made sure of that. He has Hux right where he wants him until Ren decides otherwise. The General struggles, bucking his hips and thrashing about under the Knights onslaught and it feels heavenly to be in such power. To utterly overwhelm the other man, to have control over him. Maybe not complete control, not yet, but soon, theyll trade power multiple times tonight until Kylo finally takes what he wants. Ren bites and sucks a trail down his neck that starts bright red and gradually becomes darker with each kiss. F-Fuck! Ren! Hux manages to gasp as Kylo nips sharply at his collar bone, drawing a small bead of blood. The Knight sits back up, gazing down at his lover as he lazily grinds his hips down against Huxs as the redhead gasps for breath. Slowly Kylo releases his hands, trailing his fingers down Huxs face and over the blossoming bruises hes made on the Generals neck. His hands come to rest at the collar of Huxs undershirt. A quick, jerking motion and the thin material rips open in his hands and Hux tries to stop him from completely destroying the garment only to have Ren backhand him. The Generals head snaps to the side and blood flows from his lip. He lays there for a long moment stunned, blinking rapidly and Ren hesitates, worried. But then Hux surges forward, catching him off guard, a hand going to the Knights neck, cutting off his air as the General flips their positions. Ren gasps for breath under the lean hand pressed against his windpipe. Hux is tearing his clothes away, his other hand claws at Rens torso as he pulls the Knight forward by the neck and up into a kiss filled with teeth and tongue. It doesnt take long for Ren to taste his own blood mixing with Huxs as they bite and battle back and forth, rutting against each other like wild animals. Hux forces him back down, fingers keeping a bruising grip on Rens neck, biting on his chest and Kylo whines at how good it feels. The lightheadedness, the mix of adrenaline and sharp spikes of pain and pleasure. Huxs hand squeezes at his cock once and Ren bucks into it with a wail. Spoiled brat, Hux scolds hoarsely. You think you can just take whatever you want? Suddenly Huxs hand on his neck is gone and oxygen floods Kylos system. The hand takes a fistful of his hair and Hux is pulling him by it, flinging him upwards and forwards off the bed and onto the floor. Ren staggers and lands on his hands and knees. A much better place for a wild, untamable beast like you, Hux sneers above him. Then the slap lands on his ass, hot and humiliating and by the Maker it feels so good! To feel the roughness of it, the burn of Huxs love, the surges of passion and emotions that hang in the air around them, so thick it might choke a man. Another slap, and another and and Kylo is dropping to his elbows with a groan, presenting himself for the strikes. His head is spinning as he tries to get enough breath to keep himself steady. A fourth blow lands and he feels his cock fully come to attention. Maker you should see how you look. A so-called Knight of Ren, begging to have his ass slapped, Hux sounds almost disgusted in him as he circles the Knight, there is the sound of leather snapping together and a chill goes through Ren, despite how warm his ass is already from being slapped. A belt, Huxs belt. Ren knows what is coming next, he shudders with anticipation. Oh yes. He wants this. Wants everything Hux will give him. There is a pause and Huxs hand is stroking his hair, the General has knelt next to him, torn undershirt discarded along with his shorts. He is nude, flushed with passion and hard. The softness of the gesture between all the roughness makes an emotion surge upwards inside Rens chest and a sob escapes him. Im going to strike you with the belt. Cover you in lashes, Hux tells him gently and a tremor runs through Kylo. The Knight nods, his mouth dry, breath coming in frantic gulps. The General hesitates for a moment a hand running along the Knights spine, over the curve of his back all the way to the swell of his ass that is hot to the touch, burning red from the earlier slaps. Balanced? Hux asks quietly, bringing the hand back to brush at the tears spilling from Kylos face. Kylo nods and swallows, opening his eyes to gaze up at Hux. Yes. Balanced Yes, please , Hux, he whispers, he feels like hes drunk, hes so high on the emotions and adrenaline. A smile spreads over the Generals face, a smile that is for Ren and no one else, because Ren is good and Ren is loved . A warm feeling blossoms in Rens chest. Hux will give him what he wants, what he needs. Then Hux stands, letting the belt hang loosely in his hand. Youre so desperate. Count for me, he commands and then brings the belt down on Kylos ass. The Knight rocks forward with a cry from the strike and Hux licks at his bloody lips. Then Kylos voice follows, breathless and so grateful. O-one. Hux feels that single word go straight to his core. He would be lying if he said that there was anything more beautiful than the Knight like this. Wanton and hard and begging to be marked. To be reminded of the General while theyre apart. That Kylo wants this touch. Finally for all the right reasons and Hux can give it to him. He wants to. Wants to remind Kylo of how much he is loved with every strike of the belt, every slap, every bite mark and bruise. Hux moves the belt again and again Kylo cries out and shakily counts for him. In this moment, it feels perfect. It feels more right than anything in the universe. Kylo wails so beautifully. And Hux loses himself in it the motions, in Kylos cries and counts. Soon red stripes, some that will later turn into amazing purple bruises, cover the Knights ass, thighs, back and sides and Kylo is visibly trembling from the intensity of it. The Knights face is pressed against the metal flooring, hes drooling from both mouth and cock from how aroused he is, eyes tightly shut as he rocks backwards, hungry for more. In his mind hes in pure bliss, floating and detached from everything. All that matters is Hux touching him. Hux sets the belt aside and grabs a handful of that thick black hair and pulls Kylo off the floor. Up, Hux commands the shaking Knight. Sit pretty for me. He keeps a firm grip on the Knights hair as Kylo settles into a kneeling position, wincing as his whipped ass rests against the soles of his feet. There is some peevish delight Hux will admit to taking in giving the Knight this order. To reducing him like this, to making him a begging animal. He is so beautiful when he's like this. Hux loves him. Love that Kylo trusts him this much. That he is this honest with him. Kylos erection is standing proudly up in his lap and Hux takes a finger, sliding it over the glistening head, smearing precum everywhere and offers the digit to Kylo. Suck. Kylo does, but not without the company of teeth and Hux jerks at his hair warningly. Dont you dare . That is all that it takes to inspire the Knight and Kylo is lunging at him with a growl, knocking Hux to the floor, clawing and biting at every bit of flesh he can. Is that the best you can do General? Ren hisses with a grin. He backhands Hux again and the General renews his efforts, to struggle against the larger man. Kylo takes the belt from Hux and binds his hands, forcing them back over his head. Now he can focus more. Now he can completely savor the sensation of being in control. Kylo wipes the drool from his chin. His knees ache a bit and his back and ass are burning in the best way. He has slid from completely pliant to triumphantly defiant and it is quite possibly the best feeling in the world. He has the control. The power now and it is Hux beneath him who is struggling against bondage and rutting up against him. And yes, I can in fact, take whatever I want, he purrs in Huxs ear watching as the Generals body tenses and shudders at the words. In fact, youll give it to me. Like the wanton lover you are. A noise escapes Hux that sounds pained and Ren leans down, kissing him hard. For a moment he considers using the word slave. He has seen it done before, know that it is a coveted fetish among some. But he doesn't view Hux like that, he doesn't want to break him. Doesn't want to hurt him, not in their last moments together. He doesn't want to make a mess of this! And part of him is terrified, despite his confident smirk. Instead he closes different words as he kisses the General beneath him. Dont cry my pretty little lover. Ill take good care of you. Ill fuck you until you dont even know your name. At this a sob does leave Hux and Kylo presses a biting kiss against his jaw. This one will show, Hux wont be able to hide it. Ren stays there, kissing and biting at the flesh until he feels Hux slowly stop trembling under him. Has the General reached that place already? Where he is willing and submissive and utterly debauched? Or has Ren hurt him? Anxiety floods the Knight. Slowly Kylo pulls back, nails lightly running down Huxs side. He sees the tears running down the Generals face and gently he leans back down and kisses them. Feidhelm? he asks quietly. Are you.. Balanced? The General takes several rapid breaths and slowly nods. Open your eyes for me, Ren tells him gently. He feels the emotions, the storm of internal war within Hux. Submission has never been easy for the General and Ren knows it. Even now, knowing that this session will be one of constant power plays, submission is difficult. Slowly Ren is granted the sight of his lovers green eyes. They are nearly consumed by their pupil as Hux gazes up at him. Ren leans down and kisses him, slow and deep. Youre mine. Mine and no one elses, the Knight murmurs possessively and Hux moans softly. Yes, his words are almost a sigh and he feels something unhinge in the General. The complete surrender. With Hux like this Kylo almost wants to sit on his face, to feel that velvety tongue inside him before he fucks the General into oblivion. Why is he hesitating? What is he so afraid of? Devour me, he murmurs and bites once more at Huxs chest before shifting and climbing over Huxs body. He settles himself so hes facing Huxs feet, kneeling over his face and lowering himself. He feels Hux bite at the burning flesh of his rear and moans as the General grips and claws at his cheeks as best he can with his bound hands. Clumsily Ren feels himself being spread and then Huxs tongue is dipping inside him, lapping at him like a man dying of thirst. Kylo rocks back, pressing himself down on the redhead with a groan. He has complete control and the thought is dizzying. Good boy, Ren praises, his short nails dragging over Huxs pale stomach, leaving red welts and watching as the muscles spasm and jerk under his touch and how Huxs cock is dark red and weeping between his legs and the nest of bright orange curls at its base. Kylo licks his thumb and rubs it against the weeping head and hears Hux make a noise beneath him and claws desperately at his ass. It adds to the burns from his belting and Kylo feels his head spin as Huxs tongue buries itself further into him. He could cum just like this, but Ren doesnt want to. He wants to be deep inside Hux, he wants that perfect union of soul and body. With great reluctance he rises up to his feet and the General gasps for air. Kylo yanks Hux up and off his back by the belt around his wrists, flinging him forward onto his knees. Present yourself to me, show me, Kylo whispers. The power is intoxicating. He feels a bit awkward saying the words, but Hux responds beautifully and any nervousness about his word choice leaves him. Hux is arching his back just like Kylo had not long ago, ass in the air, bound hands thrown out before him. That pale, unmarred ass make Kylos mouth water. He wanted to bite, to slap and carve his name into it. To kiss each freckle until it bruised. Slowly he crouches behind Hux, finger nails creating welts as he dragged them over the back of Huxs thighs, letting his breath ghost over the curve of Huxs rump. A low whine comes from the General. Please, please, he begs quietly. Please what? Kylo asks, as he leans forward and kisses between Huxs cheeks. Ask nicely for me. He bites down on the fleshiest part of Huxs ass and a wail leaves the other man. Ren has to admit, he is curious to Huxs headspace. To know where the General is right now, without prying into his mind. Ask nicely and Ill take care of you, my precious, wanton- Please Kylo! the words sound absolutely wretched and a shudder runs through Hux. Ren goes still, his hand reaching between Huxs legs and stroking him. Oh? What does that make you? If you are begging me? he places a hard slap on Huxs ass that rocks the Generals body and Hux cries out. Yours, Huxs voice is a tight whisper. Im yours. Yours Shhh, Kylo soothes and runs his tongue over that tight bud that Hux is offering him. The General sobs beneath him, pressing back against him and with a wave of his hand Kylo calls the bottle of lube to him with the Force from its hiding place among the pillows. He wants to try it dry, with only spit, to see how it would feel, but not tonight. Not now, he has something else in mind. Instead he slicks himself and Huxs entrance and rises up on his knees. Slowly, carefully. The intrusion sends a sharp spike of pain through Hux and he cries out. But Kylos hands are running over his back, soothing him. Flooding his back with the cool, soothing energy of the Force. The pain eases bit by bit as Kylo breaches him, the head of his cock slipping inside the Generals unprepared body. It is almost too much, his body is too tight and he whimpers. You can take me like this. I know you can. Easy. I know youre aching for it. I feel it too, Rens voice is above him, deep and soft. Hux lets out a slow breath, shivering and trying to make himself relax. Ren is whispering encouragement, the sensation of coolness leaking from his hands into the too tight and tense muscles of Huxs back. Kylo slowly slides deeper within him, stretching him wide and making him feel like hell burst from the fullness of the Knights cock. Like hell be split in half. The thought is both wildly arousing and terrifying. Hux doesnt fight it, he lets the sensations rush over him, leaving all his trust in the larger man. That Kylo wont harm him, that hell be careful, even as he pushes Huxs body to its limits. It has been months, entirely too long since Hux has been on the receiving end of their couplings, he moans, his forehead dropping to rest against the coolness of the metal floor. The General is suddenly hyper aware of his body, of every straining muscle, every twitch and touch. He feels like electricity has been run through him and his own cock throbs with neglect, his shoulders ache and somehow it is all perfect bliss. The last shred of his resistance falls away, his pride takes it leave and he gives in to the powerlessness, moaning throatily as Kylos hands run along his back and side. Kylo is pulling him up on his knees so Huxs back is flush against the Knights chest and suddenly Ren is all the way inside him to the hilt. Hux sobs and Ren is biting and kissing his neck, reassuring him as strong arms wrap around him, holding him close. A large hand closes over his cock, stroking him, ensuring he stays hard. Breathe for me, Kylo tells him and Hux realizes hes been holding his breath and it leaves him in a rush. Good. You're so good, lover, Kylo praises him, slowly pushing them back to the ground. He pulls away from Hux and the General tries to tense, his body shuddering as he waits, aching with anticipation. When Kylo slides out of him it burns in the best way and the Knight grabs Hux by his short hair and jerks his neck back before slamming into him. Hux wails as he sees stars and his breath is knocked out of him. The pleasure is blinding, it feels like too much too fast and Hux cant get enough of it. The angle hurts his neck and his knees ache and his body is being split in half and Hux knows Ren wasnt bluffing when he promised Hux that hed walk funny for days. He doesnt know how long Ren pounds into him. His entire world has gone white, all Hux can sense is the rocking of his body and the spikes of pleasure shooting through him and the feeling that hes going to fly apart at the atomic level. His muscles are burning, hes bloody and dizzy. Hux doesnt even realize hes shouting until Rens voice is in his ear. Shhh, its okay beautiful. Shh, Hux, come here. Ren slowly pulls out of his lover. Hes still hard and achingly close. Doing this is taking all his self control, all his strength of will. But he wants to give this to the General. This most intimate connection. Huxs body crumples as Ren stops supporting him. The Knight lifts Hux into his arms, murmuring reassurances to him. Im going to take care of you. Ive got you, Kylo promises him as Huxs arms going around his neck. Kylo settles them on the bed, pulling Hux into his lap so the General is facing him. He cups the redheads face in his hands and kisses him gently, lightly biting at his lips. Despite his harsh breathing and the tears streaming down his face Hux is able to offer him a growl and snap back at him. A grin spreads across Kylos face. Theres his General. Theres his lover, who never backs down. Rise up for me, take me, Kylo murmurs to him, his hands moving to guide Huxs hips, gently pulling him down. Hux sinks down onto his cock with a moan and his head tilts back, offering his neck for Ren to kiss and bite at. Kylo, his voice is low and breathless as his hips become flush against Rens, his own cock pressed firmly between their bellies. Kylo, Kylo, Kylo, he chants Rens name like a prayer, fingernails digging into his back and clawing welts that will be bloody later. Kylo pulls his head back down to silence him with a kiss. Easy now, Ren murmurs to him. Easy, together. Breathe with me. Huxs eyes are squeezed tightly shut in concentration as he tries to do as Ren holds him and Kylo kisses his face, his hands going to hold Huxs hips. Breathe, he reminds the General, guiding him to rise up on his knees and then slowly pushing him back down. Hux falters, moans punctuating his gasps for breath. Ren moves him faster, giving him a little slap on the ass to encourage him to take the initiative. Hux does, hands moving to grip Rens shoulders as he starts to move on his own. Slowly Kylo lets his hands slide from Huxs hips and gazes up at his lover, watching as Hux rides him with wild abandon, hair in disarray, face and body shining with sweat and tears, skin flushed red, bloody and bruised so beautifully. He looks like some sort of ethereal being like this and Kylo can feel the outpouring of love coming from the ginger. He can feel the strength of trust, the depth of longing and the surges of passion that jolt through Hux. The urgency is contagious and Kylos hands go back to Huxs hips, gripping him tightly, ensuring that there will be bruises again, as he thrusts up to meet his lover. Close. They are both so close. Kylo wraps an arm around Hux, the other going between them, starting to work his cock, fisting it quickly as Hux cries out, trying to fuck up into Rens hand and down onto his cock at the same time. I love you, Feidhelm, Kylo leans up to whisper in the Generals ear. I love you. Hux is crying out, babbling in his native language, the words slurring together as he struggles to not fly apart. Then, words Ren has never heard before, ones that are different from all the others leave his General with a sob.  Is t mo rogha!  You are my chosen one. Ren doesnt know the language, but in that moment they are so close, so perfectly synced that he doesnt need to. At some point he and Hux had become one, both their minds falling into the each others, sharing thoughts and feelings. Passions and emotions. He pulls the Force around them, shielding them both as he dives as deeply as he can into that so very precious and intimate connection, straining for his own breath as Huxs body tightens around him. Ren gives his cock one particularly hard squeeze as his own vision blurs to black and Hux screams his name to the stars and Kylo howls like a beast unbridled. The light above them explodes, showering them in sparks as do all the other lamps in the room and somewhere a terrified Millicent flees for the safety of beneath the bed. They fall backwards onto the pillows, arms around each other, gasping for breath, shaking and sobbing. Slowly their bodies cool, sweat, lube and cum become sticky and tacky. Kylo shifts slightly and Hux moans in protest, turning his head to press kisses against the Knights neck. Hey, Kylo nuzzles against the redhead as he undoes the belt that binds Huxs hands together. Look at me beautiful. It takes a moment but slowly Hux raises his head to meet Kylos gaze. There is an uncertain smile on the Generals face, and Ren presses a kiss to his forehead. That was amazing. I love you, the Knight murmurs to him, feeling Hux shiver and relax in his arms. Thank you. I meant it you know, the General says after a moment, gingerly rubbing his wrists where there are angry red marks from how hed strained against the belt. Meant what? Kylo asks as he slowly starts to disentangle them, carefully sliding out of Hux, stroking the small of his back as he does to ease the sudden emptiness.  Is t mo rogha , Hux murmurs as he shudders as their bodies separate. You and only you. No one else. Ever. No matter what happens. He looks at Kylo, bloody fingers going to stroke the Knights face. Kylo captures those fingers in his own and kisses each one. It means more to Kylo than the Knight can even say, he isnt good with words like Hux is. Right now, as he comes down from the high of their session, from the last time he will see Hux, he feels almost like his chest will burst. I love you- his voice wobbles. So much. I know you do, Hux pushes himself up on an elbow with a bit of a struggle, hes shaking and feels weak, like hell pass out at any moment. He feels raw in his own way, but now Ren needs him. I never doubt it, a rnsearc . Kylo nods, sniffling and scrubbing at his face with a hand as Hux draws him close and cradles him. Ive got you. Its okay. My brave Knight. You did so well, Im so proud of how far youve come, Hux tells him, fingers carding through Rens sweat soaked hair. They need to bathe before this goes much further. He thinks Ren can make it to the bath, it will do them both some good to soak in the hot water. Bath, he murmurs to Ren. Let me wash you. Let me take care of you one last time, Kylo. --- In the end Kylo had ended up carrying Hux into the bathroom, the Generals legs entirely unwilling to support him, much to the redheads embarrassment. Now they sit in the hot water, soaking away soreness. Hux had added some bath oils to the water from the set that Kylos platoon had gotten him as his wedding gift and the vapors of the oil rose on the steam, making the small enclosed space smell pleasantly like herbs. Kylo was nestled between Huxs legs, his head resting on the Generals chest and Hux gently ran a wash cloth over his face and back, wiping away the worst of the blood and sweat. They dont speak just yet, not wanting to break the spell that has come over them. Im afraid, Ren finally whispers. He raises his eyes to glance up at Hux. What if what if he turns me into a monster? What if Im not who I am now when I return? he swallows heavily. What if I am never able to return? You are stronger than that, Kylo, Hux assures him, drawing him close. You do what you have to in order to survive, understand? Just survive it, come back to me. Remember that you have a home and people who care about you. People who will be waiting for you. People who love you, he leans down and places a gentle kiss on those bruised and broken lips. You will never be a monster to me. I will always love you. And if he dares to keep you from me, I will come for you. I will lead my army right to the threshold of his citadel and bring it crashing to the ground, Hux smiled faintly. It is a grand promise, full of romanticism. They both know that Hux doesnt have the manpower for such an assault. Especially with Snoke sending him on a conquest mission. But it doesnt make his valor any less. It doesnt change how he feels, how the General would act if only he could. I would burn out the stars for you Kylo, if that is what it takes to keep you safe, to end this nightmare. You know that, right? Hux cant keep the tremor out of his voice. Even though hes supposed to be strong right now, the thought of Snoke harming Ren, forcing him to do terrible things, makes Huxs vision go red. He hates that twisted old being. If only they had more time! If only there was a way he could gain more support from the heads of the Order! If only.... So many things. This is the disadvantage of playing the long con, it takes a terrible toll on everyone participating in it. Kylo leans up and kisses him. I know you would Feidhelm. I just  Fear chills him so potently that even in the hot, steaming bath he feels cold. Hux is hugging him tightly then, pressing kisses to his hair and Kylo starts to shake. No tears come, but he dryly sobs against the General. It has been so long since hes had to face his Master. It is easier to defy him, to maintain his own sense of self, when there are lightyears between them. But being on the same planet, locked in that same, terrifying citadel with him again, Kylo cant bear the thought. He feels Hux shaking too and hears the General whispering heartbroken apologies into his hair. The redheads guilt fills the air around them, even as he tries to hide it, to reign it in. Im not strong enough to protect you Kylo, Hux whispers. Im so sorry, hell never forgive himself for not being able to keep his lover from Snoke. For being so weak, for having no choice other than to let the Knight go back into the rancors den. The General hates himself for it. Feidhelm, Kylo whimpers, he feels sick to his stomach with terror and anxiety. He cant get himself to stop shaking, he needs Hux. Needs that anchor. That promise. I need you, please? Those words seem to break the feedback cycle of sorrow and guilt between them. Hux takes a few deep breaths, working to steady himself before pushing himself up a little straighter in the bath as he pulls Kylo against him. Listen to me, Kylo, he whispers, willing his voice not to shake. He has to be strong now. To be strong here if at no other time. You are my Knight, he slowly runs a hand down Rens back, careful of bruises and welts. You are good, no matter what happens. No matter what he makes you do or does to you. Your heart is good and I will always love you. I will always believe you are worthy of kindness. You will always have a home in my arms a rnsearc . He raises Kylos face up so their eyes meet. And youre so strong, Kylo, you dont even know it. Youll survive this. We both will and youll come back to me. Come back home to your family and we will win this war and then well find that garden, he blinks rapidly to keep the tears that are welling up in his eyes from spilling out. Because you deserve peace Kylo. You deserve good things, not all of the shit youve been through. Youve fought for so long, a rnsearc . Just hold out a little longer. Just a bit longer and well be victorious and you will never need to live in fear again. They gaze at each other for a long time before Hux places a kiss on Kylos head. I love you Kylo. That will never change. Kylo sighs and slowly slumps against him, settling himself so his back is against Huxs chest. The Knight shudders briefly and then takes their hands, intertwining their fingers and rests them on his chest. Feidhelm? Yes Kylo? I love you too. They sit in the bath until the water grows cold and their skin is wrinkled. They slowly limp back to the bed and curl up under the blankets, holding each other close, Millicent at their feet. They fight against sleep but in the end it comes for them and draws them away, in dreams where nothing can hurt them. --- Ren looked around the hanger one last time. He didnt know if hed ever see this old Star Destroyer again. It made something inside him ache with renewed sharpness. He had said his goodbyes, if he didnt leave now, his courage would desert him. Whatever destiny was waiting for him in that terrible citadel he had to face it. Had to conquer it. Even if it terrified him. He had left Hux and Millicent asleep in the Generals quarters when hed pulled on his robes and slipped out. It was easier that way. He wouldnt have to say goodbye to them, wouldnt have to see how sad they looked. Ren put a hand on Salvaged Hopes hull. Okay, old girl, one last trip to this terrible place. If the Maker is kind well be back here in no time, he tells the old ship, giving it an affectionate pat. You didnt think you were leaving without saying goodbye to us did you? a voice rang out behind him and Kylo turned, seeing Phasma and Hux standing there. The General was leaning on the Captain a bit, using her to balance and they were both in sweatpants and undershirts. I Had hoped to avoid more tears, Kylo admitted, looking at the ground. Goodbyes just make it harder. Phasma made a noise of disagreement and the next thing Ren knows hes captured in a tight hug from the older woman. He thinks she just might squeeze all the air out of his lungs, shes hugging him so tightly. His bruises ache from the night prior but he doesnt mind, because it makes all of this so much more real . It grounds him. He has family here. He has Hux and Phasma and when they return, Mitaka and Ashara. He has a family to come back to. Take care of yourself little brother, Phasma tells him as she lets him go and takes a step back aways, giving Hux the chance to have a moment with the Knight. The General is limping, and almost collapses as he approaches Ren, but Kylo reaches out and catches him. Told you Id make you walk funny, the Knight chides him quietly, pulling the General close. Im not complaining, Hux offers him a smile and then leans up to kiss him for what they both know could be the last time. The kiss is too short and too long all at the same time and Huxs hands clasp Rens face as they part. Come back to me. To us. Come home , well be here. Waiting for you, Kylo, he whispers before hugging the Knight tightly. Kylo holds onto him and doesnt want to let go as Hux murmurs encouragement and love in his ear. Tells him once more how strong he is, that he is good and how much the General loves him. Finally Hux takes a shaky step back, drawing himself up, looking like hes entirely in control of himself, but Kylo knows better. They both do. Theyre only seconds from breaking entirely. Kylo turns away, moving to board the shuttle. Kylo, Hux whispers and Ren glances back at him one more time, half way up the gangplank. May the Force be with you. --- Kylo doesnt know what the planet is named. Or if it ever had a name for that matter. If it ever held life The planet feels like a dead zone, entirely devoid of the Force. Life energy of any sort seems to vanish into it, like some sort of black hole. Even now, within the walls of Salvaged Hope , Kylo feels it pulling at him. Not Dark, and not Light. Death. Emptiness. The Void. He feels it crushing down on his very being, feels it zapping strength, hope and will from him. He feels it with stunning acuteness, hyper aware of it in a way he never has been before. It makes him feel empty and filled with despair. He hates it. He hates this forsaken planet. Hates his Master. Hates all of it. Kylo takes that hatred and clings to it. He uses it to reinforce the walls of his mind, his strength of will. This too is part of a test, part of his training. He must not crumble here. If this is all it takes to bring him to his knees then death is better suited for him. His hand rests at the panel that will open the air locked door, that will drop the gangplank and let him head out into this dead world. It is a trek to his Masters citadel. The stone structure is tucked away within jagged peaks that make it impossible to land any ship there. So he must walk. He must contend with whatever ghosts he will encounter along the way. There are faint echos, he feels them, pulling at his mind, trying to nip at his sanity. The planet may devour life, may consume both Light and Dark without discrimination, but it seems unable to quell the cries of those it has tormented. Then again, if it is the planets doing or his own Masters, Kylo cannot tell. Cannot differentiate between where his Masters terrifying power ends and that endless drain of the planet begins. Among the echoes Kylo can sense the other Knights. They are nearby, angry, as they always tend to be. They hate Kylo as much as they do Snoke. They should have killed the boy the moment he came before them asking to be admitted into their fold. But his power with the Force was undeniable, they had thought they could break him. Could turn him against his Master. They had been fools, not realizing that their own tenants, their own malice was very similar to Snokes. That their surface goals were much the same: gain power. Control those around you with that power. Breed fear. Kylo settled his helmet on his head, letting out a slow breath. The moment he steps out of this ship, he must be ready. Must be prepared to fight. So long as he is Master of the Knights they must obey him. If he says that they follow Snoke then they will, however unwilling. Until one of them kills him or he steps down from the position. The latter is not an option, not really. No Master of the Knights has ever willingly given up their power. It is almost a ritual to kill the former Master, it is a trial by combat that lasts for days sometimes. Kylo had upset all of their precious rituals, all of their traditions. Propelled forward by fear, by terror of failing his Master and brutalized by the Knights he climbed the ranks. He killed in sneaky ways, without honor, using tricks and poisons that the Nightsister had taught him. They would see him pay for the damage he has done to their order. And Kylo would love to see them wiped from the Galaxy if he is honest with himself. The door slides open and he steps out, moving down the gangplank with purpose. His lightsaber is secured at his hip, mask in place and robes billowing out around him just as the Force does. He focuses his hatred into a frigid wall. Into both a mental barrier of ice and a shield that surrounds him. He is afraid, yes. But fear will not serve him here. It is weaker, a last resort. So long as his hate for this place, for his Master and the other Knight, glitters brightly in his mind he is stronger than he has ever felt before. There are a few cautious prods at his Force shield. They are testing him, trying to determine if he is vulnerable enough right now to attack. To annihilate him. Kylo ignores them and continues to walk. It will take two days to reach the citadel from where his ship has landed. During those two days he must clear anything that still lurks near the surface of his mind. He must be prepared to face whatever awaits him in that terrible citadel. The first attack comes and he is ready for it, throwing a hand out in the direction of the other Knight and sending the cloaked being flying backwards into the mountain side. Kylo does not wait to see if the being rises. He must be cold. Merciless. He must press forward. Kindness, pity, is a weakness. It will result in his death. Although that might be a mercy in and of itself. Except he knows his Knights will not kill him quickly. No, they will dismantle him down to his very atoms and ensure that he feels every last second of it. Another attack comes, two of them this time. One from afar, the sniper, using the Force to guide her projectile at his heart. The other, a shifty rogue, leaping at him and vanishing at the last second. Kylos lightsaber crackles to life and he brings it to parry the rogues attack as he attempts to drive home the terrifying blades he wields. They struggle and Kylo has to split his focus, throwing a hand up to halt the bolt that his coming at him. The effort of halting the Force-laced projectile sends a wave of pain through him, as him his entire arm is being burned in a fire. He ignores it and grits his teeth, bringing his saber up again to clash against the rogues next attack. Then Kylo lunges forward, throwing the slighter Knight off him and throwing his full weight behind his attacks, pushing the other being back. A third attack comes and Rens focus on holding the bolt in place breaks and it goes veering off into the mountainside as he confronts the third opponent. He can sense the sniper readying another shot. The Force is a maelstrom of chaos around him. Hatred flows between him and his opponents as they clash. The Knights have gotten stronger since he last interacted with them, but then again, so has Kylo. Shots are fired, lightsaber and daggers clash, Force energies are thrown about and the air becomes thick with haze. Then it is all over. His opponents vanish. Kylo stands alone again, panting for breath, adrenaline surging through his blood, his body practically vibrating from how strongly the Force courses through him. For a moment he fears that the Force itself will split him apart, but it does not. He is able to reign it in, pull it back around him and contain it. Barely. He deactivates his lightsaber and continues to walk towards the distance citadel. It and the mountain ridges that is but a looming speck in the distance. Both impossibly far, but too close all at once. The planet plays tricks on the mind. Ghosts whisper to him and Kylo presses forward. If he stops walking, stops to listen to the voices of the tormented, he might go mad. The air next to him shimmers. He keeps his vision focused straight ahead. A being takes shape and falls into step alongside him. Kylo does not look at it. Does not acknowledge it. The ghost vanishes. Another tries to form on his other side. Smaller. A child this time. He keeps walking. The ghosts come and go, some silent. Most of them silent, thankfully. A few scream at him, howl damnation and curse him. Kylo pretends he doesnt hear them. Pretends they are only the wind. But their words, their accusations start to weigh him down. Gradually his footsteps slow. Their deaths are not his fault! He didnt bring them here! He did everything he could to never bring anyone before Snoke! He had killed so many so that he could spare them of this place! Hadnt what hed done been more merciful than bringing them here? To this hell? Surely Do not stop walking, a calm voice reaches him amongst the howls. Kylo lurches forward, his feet feel heavy, as if his boots have been filled with lead. His strength sudden zapped from him, drained away. His hatred replaced by regret. By guilt. Weakness. Weakness will get him killed. You must not stop walking! His breathing is labored. His mind clouded. What has he done ? For a long, terrifying moment he feels the weight of the lives hes taken. Of those he has killed, in spite, in both cold blood and in mercy. Suddenly he feels like hes being swallowed whole. The planet itself has opened its maws and will devour him like a giant space worm. Monster. Murderer. Brute. Beast. Abomination of Darkness. Infected. Unclean. Sith. Dangerous. The words echo in his mind and he cant stop them. Cant silence them. They only grow in volume until they are threatening to deafen him. Monster. Monster. Monster. He wants to rip his helmet off and tear his eardrums out. He wants to claw at his skull until the voices go quiet. Until the guilt stops. Until the pain stops . Get up! When had he fallen to his knees? Get up! You must get up! Kylo presses his hands to the ground beneath him and pushes himself up. His vision swims. The dirt beneath his hands and feet becomes black sludge. Keep walking! Do not look at it! The sludge coils around his feet, crawling up his legs. It ties him down. Kylo grits his teeth and slowly moves forward. One foot in front of the other. He does not examine what propels him forward, even if his motions are sluggish and drunken. He just must keep moving. He cannot die here! Thats it! Keep going! I will surpass Vader, he whispers to himself, his mouth dry and parched. I will finish what he started. He stumbles again. Dizzily, Kylo wonders why the other Knights have not attacked him again? Surely he is an easy target is he not? With a grunt Kylo sends the Force out around him, scanning the area. No. No he is alone. But then, who was speaking to him? What ghost has been pushing him forward? Keep moving, little supernovae, the voice urges him and pain rips through the Knight. Not from an attack or external force, but from within his own heart. That was right. She had died here. She had confronted Snoke, and he had ripped her heart out. Just like he had seen in that terrible vision all those months ago. And her body was still here. Kylo latches onto the pain that wells up within him, and he hones it. He uses it as a base to wrap his hatred for his Master around. To build up his strength. Kylo starts to move again, expression contorted into a snarl beneath his mask. He will survive this. Will become stronger. Will kill his Master. Will do what Vader had tried to do and failed. It is not time yet, but soon. Kylo will take all the knowledge of the Force that the withered and terrible being has and he will turn it against him. He will send this entire planet into oblivion if he can. But first, he must reach the citadel. Must prostrate himself and accept whatever pain and torment await him. Must hold his hatred close to his heart and use it as his weapon. Because his Master, who promised him great things, promised him wisdom, promised him guidance and to show him how to use his power, how to refine it and hone it Has done none of that. Snoke has taken and taken and taken . Snoke has hurt him. Hurt those he loves. Killed his teacher! I will kill him. I will be free from him. I will not let him hurt anyone else, Kylo whispers to himself, using it as a mantra to propel himself onward. He will take Snokes secrets from him and use them to wipe his Masters foul existence from the Galaxy. This is his responsibility. This is how he surpasses Vader. How he does what Vader was too weak to do, how he harnesses the power of the Dark Side and proves everyone wrong. Darkness falls around him. The planet shifts into night. Its temperature plummeting as he continues forward. There is no rest, no stopping. Kylo wraps the Force around him like a shield and blanket of ice. He sinks into the Dark Side of the Force, communing deeply with it. Reveling in its cold power and raw energy as he never has before. Not even on DQar did he feel a communion this strong. Then again he has never had hatred as strong as this to fuel him. He feels neither pain nor hunger. He simply is . So Kylo Ren continues walking. --- Apprentice, Snokes voice makes his skin crawl and slowly Kylo sinks to his knees before the ancient being. He is agonizingly thirsty, his legs and arms tremble from exertion, from the mountain climb, from clashing over and over again with the other Knights. His head is spinning, he is exhausted, but he must not let it show. He must not! Fear and hatred war within the Knight for a long moment.. Hatred demands he attack, demands he strike down his Master. That he do something ! Anything! Fear however is wiser. Fear knows he is not strong enough yet. That he needs to glean whatever knowledge Snoke may be hoarding. Even though in all the years of torment Snoke has put him through, never once has he actually taught Kylo anything of use, there still might be something the Knight could learn. Some nugget of knowledge that he can use to undo the monster before him. Master, Kylo murmurs, bowing his head, choosing to follow fear. To be humble. Let Snoke think he has won, let Snoke think he is still the same frightened boy he was years ago. See if he can entrap his Master. Deep down inside himself, Kylo wonders if Hux would approve of such a tactic, Hux is so much better at strategy, Hux is clever where Ren is all raw emotion. He wishes he could have his lovers guidance. But no, he never wants Hux to come to this forsaken place. He cannot think of the General now, instead Ren focuses on the stone floor beneath him, pushing all thoughts of those he cares about down into the deepest, iciest parts of his soul where they will never be found. He must forget them. Must forget them if he is to survive. If they are to survive. The citadel is different then Kylo last remembers it. Somehow, despite its white and gray stone, the space seems darker. Feels more filled with despair then the last time he was here. Footsteps approach him and Kylo tenses. Snokes hand touches the back of his neck, cold fingers curling into his hair where it escapes his helmet. Nails scrape against his scalp. In this moment Kylo is grateful for the high collar of his robes, it hides many things from the sight of others, but also limits his Masters contact with his skin. Everywhere Snoke touches him, Ren wants to rip his flesh off, wants to burn away the feeling of his Masters hands. Scrub until he bleeds because Snokes touch makes him feel filthy . You have gotten stronger still since you were last before me, Snoke purrs above him, fingers stroking, almost gentle. Kylo grits his teeth, forcing himself to be calm. He can endure this. He will become stronger for this trial. He must! Ah, your hatred has grown impressively. You feel it now, dont you? The true power that the Dark Side can give you? Yes, Master, Kylo forces out. He wants to take Snokes hand and snap it off. Wants the other being to never touch him again! Such anger , such hatred and you would direct it all at me? Snokes words throw Kylo off for a moment. His Master almost sounds surprised. You would rage against me who took you in. Who gave you shelter. Who taught you- You taught me nothing! the words leave Kylo in a rush of fury and he gasps, horrified at his own boldness. Above him Snoke is silent. And then, his Master starts to laugh. Oh havent I? Then Kylo feels himself thrown backwards. He slams into the wall on the far side of the chamber they are. In that moment his vision goes into flashes of black and white as stars dance before his eyes. He doesnt fall. Snoke has him pinned with the Force. Fear rises in Kylos throat. Fear so heavy it nearly chokes him. Nearly incapacitates him. But then anger rises from it. Anger that Snoke thinks he can do this to him. Anger at himself for letting his fear control him, for letting himself be threatened and hurt like this. Over and over again. Fear was useful only to a point, he had to rise above it. No. No more. The rage fills Kylo with strength and he twists free from the Force bonds with a snarl. Dropping to the ground he bares his teeth behind his mask as his eyes lock onto his Master. Snoke appears unconcerned, bored even. Is that the best you can do, Apprentice? Are you so weak? Ren leaps at him, using his rage and letting his vision bleed a terrifying red as it gives way to a potent hatred, corrosive and acidic. He throws Force energy at his Master, shaping it into blades and knives and crushing blasts. He lunges, attacking like a wild animal. More beast than man. Snoke dodges, a grin slowly starting to take over his twisted features. You hate me do you? I who took you in when your own family forsook you? I who sheltered you, validated you and gave you resources to train with? After all I have done for you, you think you would strike me down? Snoke bares his own teeth, calmly deflecting each strike with simple waves of his hand. The only one who ever accepted you? Kylo feels a roar of frustration leave him and he moves closer, bringing more energy to his attacks. Snoke hurt him! Hurt those he loves! No more! Any ploys and plots Kylo might have entertained leave his mind as fury consumes him. The lightsaber comes to life in his hand and he swings it wildly, hefting it like it is much heavier than it actually is and putting all his strength into the blows. Footwork was never his strong suit but now, wrapped in the Force, his motions becomes a dance of death. A being less able than Snoke would fall before the onslaught. His Master does not fall under the strikes, but he is pushed into a retreat. The blackness of the Force hums around the ancient being and he counters blow after blow as they move, circling each other. Then Kylo pushes forward as hard as he can, making Snoke stagger . Ren leaps forward, slashing down with his saber and his Master raises an arm to block it. Snokes hand closes around the fritzing, sizzling blade, and holds it. In an instant he has brought Rens assault to a knee jerking halt. Kylo howls in rage and tries to bear down, to summon the Force around him and crush them. Hell bring the entire damned citadel down on them both if he must. He will end this! Thats what she tried to do. That foolish witch, his Master sneers. And Kylo feels his concentration snap, his eyes go wide behind his mask and panic floods him. He deactivates his saber, and leaps away from his Master, dropping into a guarded crouch, gasping for breath. Snoke laughs as he draws himself back up. She brought this great citadel down on us both, she thought that would kill me. That something as simple as that would stop me. What a stupid, simple minded creature. I should have made you kill that Dathomirian bitch all those years ago. Then she would have never gotten in the way of our plans, he sneers at Kylo. She would have destroyed my great gift to you, had I not killed her. Confusion fills Rens mind and he hesitates. 'Our plans? Gift?' I had wanted to wait until you were ready. Until you were strong enough in the Dark Side, until you understood just how much untapped power there was, Snoke explains, he sounds almost parental. Patient. As if hes somehow been wounded by Kylos rage, as if he somehow cared . This whole time, all your trials, did you really think they were for my own amusement? Did you really think I would make you face any test that you could not conquer? The ancient creatures face is no longer sneering, he looks almost hurt. Kylo feels his emotions conflict, suddenly doubts himself. Doubts everything. You he whispers, shaking his head in confusion. Anxiety fills him. You raped me! he accuses. I did nothing to you that you could not withstand. A pound of flesh in the past for the chance at unlimited power? A necessary sacrifice, one that I went out of my way to make sure was easier for you than it was for me, Snoke explains, his tone level, and slight pedantic, waving away Kylos accusations with a hand as if his words were an annoying gnat. I had to awaken the Darkness within you. I had to make you reach your deepest, darkest point. Only then could you rise, stronger and more powerful, Snokes tone changes, it becomes soft. Sad almost. Sympathetic. Everything I have put you through is to make you stronger Kylo Ren. My Apprentice. And look at yourself. See, feel how strong you have become. How mighty. Pride. Is is that pride in Snokes voice? Kylo blinks, stunned. He doesnt understand. But.. but you - He cant form the words. His emotions conflict. Snoke is is proud of him? This, was this all really just a test? A way to make him more in tune with the Force? You cannot know the power of the Dark Side until you face that pit, that oblivion and it stares back at you. When you feel the power that oblivion offers you, when you realize how limitless it is, only then can you truly become a vessel for it, Snoke explains patiently, his hands are folded in behind him as he approaches Kylo. The Knight tenses, trying to move, but finds that hes frozen in place. And not by his Master, but something far more terrifying. Kylo, Kylo, Kylo, Snoke tuts. Everything I have done, I have done for you! So you can rise, so you can slay the Jedi and have your revenge! So you will never need to hide in the shadows again! Your family hurt you, betrayed you! They would see you locked away like a beast, I freed you from those shackles, I opened your mind. When you came to me you had no idea the power you could wield. But now, now you can understand how great our power is! Snoke gestures, wrapped up in the passion of his speech. Do you honestly think I wanted to put you through all that hurt? Do you think I wanted to make you suffer so? He looks almost heartbroken as he stares down at where Kylo is crouched. Then why did you? Kylo snarls and Snoke leans down, peering at him. You tortured me! You raped me! If there was any other way to have spared you I would have, Snoke tells him, his scarred face twisting into something like sadness. Like hurt. But those of us who are born in the Darkness, who carry it in our very DNA, it must be awakened, through great and terrible trials. It was the only way, Kylo! Everything I have done, I have done for your sake! To make you stronger! Mightier than your oppressors! Do you not feel it? Do you not feel that power Kylo? Snoke sounds almost like hes pleading with him, trying desperately to get him to understand. As if Kylo is simply misguided, as if hes a bratty child who doesnt understand that Snoke knows what is best for him. That this has all been for the best. You left me for dead! Kylo hisses, shaking his head violently. You dont care! Youre using me! Snoke puts a withered hand on his chest, bowing his head. Kylo, my dear Apprentice, you still dont see it do you? he sighs and shakes his head. I should have brought you back sooner. I should have done so many things., he reaches forward then and presses on the releases of Kylos helmet. The faceplate hisses and releases allowing Snoke to remove the mask from the humans face. Ren stares back at him, tears of conflict and confusion streaming from his face. I trusted you! Ren spits. And all you did was h- Teach you, Snoke interrupts him. I taught you so many things, you dont even realize it. He watches Kylos brow wrinkle. I taught you how to embrace the Darkness. How to grow stronger in it. How to unbridle yourself from the so-called morality of the Light. Through our pain, our suffering, we grow stronger in the Force. It is our burden, and it is great, but Kylo, he reaches down and strokes a hand over that tear stained face. Gentle, he must be gentle here. Apply the right pressure to the right place. Too much and he will lose his Apprentice forever and gain a great enemy instead. Too little and he will still lose him. You are ready , my Apprentice. You know the truth and you cannot deny it. Your own father threw you away for a second time, they dont want you. Dont understand you? They will never want you. It is the Darkness that saved you. It is I who saved you. Just as my Master saved me, brought me into the fold. I have done the same for you and so shall you do for your own Apprentice one day, Snokes voice is tender, gentle and holds all the promises of victory, safety and power that Kylo had been searching for all those years ago when Snoke had found him on the street. The Knight feels his heart racing in his chest, Snoke knows! He knows about Rens meeting with his father, about that bitter rejection. And yet Snoke has not pressed his tendrils into Kylos mind. Has not tortured the Knight blind Why? I understand your pain Apprentice. I was once young too. I too suffered greatly for the power I posses. It is not an easy path, nor a glorious one, but you have already started down it. You cannot turn back now. You cannot deny the truth that is your destiny. Kylo drops his eyes, his mouth working but no sound coming from it. Snoke... Had saved him? Had once been an Apprentice himself? Had once suffered as Kylo had? Snoke understood everything he was going through? But why? Why did they have to suffer? It makes no sense. Destroying and diminishing assets does not make them stronger! A voice inside his head, that sounds strangely like Huxs, protests. Kylo moans and pulls away, dropping his lightsaber and clutching at his head. Sharp pain jolts through his skull, he understands none of this! It conflicts and hurts in the most agonizing of ways. It eats at him, tears at his very soul. I know it is not easy, Apprentice, Snoke rests a hand on his shoulder. Kylo tenses again, waiting for the attack, for pain or worse. But it never comes. Instead he only feels flood of gentle sympathy from his Master. It makes the pain in his head, in his heart all the worse. A sob breaks from Rens lips and he feels his own nails dig into his scalp. Let the Dark Side comfort you, Apprentice. It is here, waiting for you to embrace it, Snokes voice is calm and steady above him, a hand still on his shoulder, oddly comforting. I I dont know how! Kylo whispers, horrified. He doesnt know! He doesnt understand! Snoke, Snoke has hurt him. Tortured him, left him for dead, raped him. Hasnt he? Everything Snoke did to him was wrong , wasnt it? But Kylo cannot deny that he has gotten stronger. That his power has increased as he has learned to harness anger and hatred instead of fear and sorrow. He has been able to fight against those who would hurt him, he has been able to be mighty in battle and crush their enemies. But at what cost? A hand comes into view in front of him, his Masters. It is offering him a small, shallow bowl of black liquid. Drink. It will open your mind. It will allow the Darkness to entwine with your very soul. Drink, my Apprentice, and all this pain will be a thing of the past, Snoke tells him, his voice oddly soothing. Fear seizes Kylo and suddenly he scrambles backwards. A shot of crystalline clarity reaches his mind. He has to get away! He has to run! He cannot, must not! Whatever Snoke is promising him is a lie! It has always been a lie! It has to be! He is too slow however and Snokes hand closes around the back of his neck, forcing his head up and pushing the bowl to his lips. Drink Apprentice, commune with the Darkness as I have and all those before us, Snoke purrs in his ear. Drink willingly and you shall know power like you never have. NO! Kylo thrashes. He struggles and fights, pushing away from his Master with all his strength both physical and through the Force, causing Snoke to spill the cup as he staggers backwards. You fool! Snoke rages as the black liquid spills onto the ground. He moves faster than Kylo can process and strikes him across the face before Force throwing him into the nearest support column and letting him drop to the ground. You would throw away a chance at pure power? You would waste the only opportunity you will have for years? Are you so blind? So stupidly consumed by doubt that you would deny this gift I would give you? Do you have any idea how long it takes to collect that? Im sorry! Kylo whimpers, shrinking from his Master, from his wrath. Confusion floods him again. Gift? For him? Power? A gift from his Master? Something given for once and not taken? Kylo wails curling in on himself as it all conflicts within his head. The confusion threatening to tear him apart. Im sorry Master! he cowers on his knees. The pain in his head makes his vision blurry, makes focusing on anything difficult. He just wants the pain to stop! Snokes hand touches his hair and Ren waits for the blow to fall. For the pain. It doesnt come. Perhaps you are not ready yet. You have much to learn still. Not everyone understands at first, but you will. In time my Apprentice. And we have all the time in the Galaxy, Snokes voice is oddly gentle and reassuring and Kylo shudders under his touch. You will understand soon enough. Now go, rest. Meditate on what you have learned this day. Kylo raises his eyes as Snokes hand leaves his head and his Master turns away. He doesnt move until Snoke has left the room. Then and only then does he dare collect his helmet at lightsaber, fleeing to the halls of the citadel. --- The citadel was one massive maze. That much hadnt changed since Kylo had been there in his youth. He ran down the shadowed halls at breakneck speed, scrambling to find something, anything that looked familiar. Anywhere he could hide. It was a futile attempt, Snoke had crafted the citadel himself. There were no truly safe places. Not here. That didnt stop the terrified Knight from finding the darkest corner in the most removed room of the highest floor of the citadel and burrowing into the shadows. If it got too bad then at least he had a way out. It was a long way down, but it was a way out none the less. He had made the mistake in his youth of hiding in the lower levels below ground. What he had seen down there, chilled him still to this day. He had been trapped down there for the better part of a week with the monsters and ghouls that haunted the Dark Side and preyed on the weak. Secretly he wasnt entirely convinced that they werent creatures of Snokes own creation. Never had he been so grateful to see his Master as when Snoke had found him, retrieving him from the darkness, banishing the beasts that twisted and warped before his eyes. Being spared terror of being hunted by those horrors was almost worth what his Master had put him through that night, leaving him bleeding and raw on the ground. Perhaps his Master was right, perhaps Kylo was in the wrong. There was a reason for all of this, wasnt there? It was part of his training, no worse than the celibacy of the Jedi of the past who had taken children from their families. This was all part of his trials. His proving. Wasnt it? Was he wrong? Had had his teacher been wrong? Had Hux been wrong? Kylo groaned, pressing his hands to his ears, trying to drown out the conflicting thoughts. He needed to meditate, to regain his focus. Being adrift, exposed like this was dangerous. He had to find his center within that ice storm again. If he didnt, he would surely die. A pang of hunger went through him. He was thirsty. Exhausted. He had become weak, and undisciplined by his indulgences with Hux. His dependence on the other man, on their friends. There was food on his ship, nutrition supplements and water, but he didnt dare leave. Snoke had not given him permission. He was to meditate, to reflect. Slowly Ren set down his helmet and lightsaber at his side. He didnt want to uncurl from the dark corner he was hiding in, but if he never did he would never grow. If he grew, became stronger, he could defeat his Master. This this would all be over. He could go home . Back to Hux, Phasma and the others. He has to get stronger! That is his job, Hux has to conquer planets, Phasma directs the Stormtroopers. Mitaka and Ashara work the political angle. Kylo straightens himself out and moves to sit in the center of the room, his hands in his lap and his legs crossed. There is no furniture here, not even a blanket and that is fine, less indulgences to distract him. He takes a deep breath and slowly lets it out. The planet tugs at him, trying to drain his will, his energy, his life. Kylo grits his teeth against and focuses on rebuilding his walls, strengthening his conviction. Learn what he can. Use it against the monster that is his Master. End this cycle. He will take no Apprentice and certainly never like Snoke did him. Kylo swears this to himself. What his Master did was wrong . Wasnt it? Snoke had no right to do that to him, to do any of it! But Snoke had suffered the same, Snoke understood , had even been mindful of the challenges he put before Kylo. His Master had left him for dead! Never given him anything he could not handle. His Master had taken so much from him! Necessary sacrifices. Great power comes at great cost. Tortured him! Strengthened his will. Had hurt Hux, nearly killed him! Threatened Ashara and Mitaka! Snoke was wise. He had experience, he knew what he was doing. He had to push Kylo to that edge of the abyss or Kylo would never have understood. There was no gentle way to drown someone in darkness. Had it not been Kylo who had begged Snoke to teach him all those years ago? When Snoke had found the boy named Ben Solo digging from scraps in a refuse bin, fleeing as a stow away from planet to planet from his family and the new Jedi, blood on his hands. Kylo had asked for it. Had sworn hed do anything . But hed been a child! Hed been scared and starving and unable to control his Force power. Snoke had taken him in. Fed him, clothed him. Awakened more power within him than Kylo ever thought it possible for a being to possess. Snoke had told him the harsh truths, that no one would want him. That they would never understand. They viewed the Dark Side as a taint, as corruption. That no one would ever desire someone like him so long as he was as filthy as he was. Ben Solo hadnt wanted to believe it, had held out hope. But the last bit of hope had died in that cell under Caluan Ematts cruel devices. When his mother had forsaken him. When she had stared at him with dead eyes, without recognition. His Master had been right all along. The people he did interact with would just use him for his power, would manipulate him. Was was that what Hux was doing? Hux who was as Force-blind as Han Solo and yet No! No Hux would never lie to him! Hux had come for him! Saved him! He can trust Hux if no one else! Cant he? Doubt rocks Kylo to his very core, shattering his concentration and he moans, hiding his face in his hands. He doesnt know! Things had been so clear, so simple before he came here. It had been so obvious! Now now it was all jumbled together. Now he didnt know up from down. He scrubs at his skull, desperately trying to find a way to ground himself. Frantic to find his conviction, to find his center. Again he takes a deep breath and straightens him, closing his eyes, trying desperately to focus. --- Kylo Ren meditates for a full day. He only leaves the room because he desperately needs water, leaving his helmet behind and clipping his lightsaber to his belt. He remembers there being a spigot on the ground floor somewhere and keeps to the shadows as he moves through the massive building. He feels shaky, like his brain isnt focusing properly. The water will help. It will clear his head. If only he can get some water, then he will be able to make sense of things. But the layout of the building has changed. Altered as his Master has added on to it. Fortunately, Kylo is in tune enough with the Force that it guides him. Kylo steps out of the back of the citadel and hesitates. He hasnt been given permission to leave. Doesnt know what lies beyond the threshold of the door. Slowly the Knight moves forward. The sight on the other side of the door makes his throat close up. It is a nightmare come to life. Kylo wants to scream. Wail. Do something. Anything! But he cant. He just stands there in shock, eyes wide as he takes in the garden of ash and blood. I had meant for you to see this after you had partaken of the communion, Snokes voice comes from behind him. Ren stiffens and glances at his Master. The old being stands next to him, gazing out at the garden. What is this? Ren whispers, horrified, disgusted and oddly touched all at once. Your gift, Snoke tells him patiently. A garden in which to train your children. My children? Ren feels his throat close up. Does Snoke know? Has Snoke seen the visions as Kylo has? Of that one possibility he longs for above all else? Walk with me, Apprentice, Snoke motions for Kylo to follow him and starts down the steps that lead into the grotesque bastardization of his visions. Kylo hesitates. He could strike Snoke down, he thinks wildly. A single blow. He could do it, end all this. Who cared what secrets his Master still might guard! He could end all of this! But Ren cannot seem to lift his hand from where it dangles at his side. His Master looks back at him, waiting for Ren to join him. Slowly Kylo moves forward. They walk in silence, side by side. It feels strange, to be treated almost as an equal by his Master. Word has reached my ears that you have taken a wife, Snoke says conversationally as they stop by the pond of black sludge and blood. I have, Kylo tells him stiffly. She is good to me. See to it that she does not become a weakness, Snoke warns him. Is the embrace of our emotions, love and passion included, not what sets the Dark aside from the Light? Kylo asks quietly, glancing at his Master with a confused frown. Indeed, Apprentice. However, Snoke turns to him, a withered hand reaching out and grabbing him by the front of his face, fingers sinking into the soft flesh of his cheeks and curling under his jaw. If they allow for the Light to find a way in, then they are a danger. A threat. He tilts Kylos face left and then right, finally forcing his chin up, studying him intently. It has already contaminated you, Apprentice. Kylo struggles to pull away. Master, I assure you- This woman , this Force-blind, barren, grunt could undo you. Could bring about the fall of everything you have worked for, of all you have sacrificed, Snoke frowns. We cannot have that. She will never give you the bond that we share as Master and Apprentice. Snoke leans forward as Kylo thrashes against him, his grip so tight on the humans jaw that it threatens to crush the bones beneath his fingers. Kylo makes a noise of pain and tries to push Snoke away, to get him off . Master! Please! We must purge the Light from you, it will destroy you if we do not, Snoke drags him forward and in horror Kylo realizes he being dragged into the pond. Master, no! No please! Kylo fights, panic consumes him and he moves to draw his lightsaber, to cut his Masters hand off if he must. He has to get away! He has to! But Snoke is faster, snatching his hand and throwing Kylo forward into the sludge and blood. The Knight staggers and goes down, flailing. His feet cant touch the ground! The sludge around him acts as sinking sand, sucking him down and into it. Kylo thrashes, fighting to keep his head above the surface, gasping for breath. Something beneath the surface wraps around his leg and starts to pull him under. No! No please Master! he cries out in desperation. You will thank me for this Apprentice. I will cleanse you of the Light, Snoke makes no move to help him, watching with cold eyes as Kylo struggles against whatever is pulling him under. The Knight screams in terror and then everything goes black as the putrid sludge closes over his face. Down, down and down he is dragged. Pulled deeper and deeper into the darkness. His lungs burn but he dare not open his mouth, dare not breath in this blackness. Kylo struggles beneath the surface, kicking and fighting against whatever is intent on killing him. On ripping him apart. His hand goes to his hip, activating his lightsaber as he draws it and illuminating the darkness. He stares into the faces of demons and they gleefully stare back, maniacal grins on their twisted faces. Give us your Light. Their chorus of voices echoes in Rens mind. Give it to us. Feed us. Kylo swings his lightsaber wildly, his motions slowed by the thick viscosity of the sludge. Feed us! Give it to us! They circle around him, snapping at him, tearing at his robes and his flesh. FEED US! FEED US! FEED US! Kylo deactivates his lightsaber and curls in on himself, drawing his knees to his chest, wrapping his arms around his legs. His lungs will burst for certain if he stays under much longer. He will die. A stillness comes over the Knight. He is alone here. Only himself and the demons. Those that would devour this part of him. He needs to purify himself. It slowly becomes clear. This is a test. He must not let this tiny shard of Light be taken from him, he must hide it, deep within himself. The Dark and Light, they are not exclusive, nor absolute. They are a spectrum, filled with brilliant grays. This is the truth. Kylo knows it! If he knows nothing else, it is this! This is his conviction! His truth. He is not a creature of Darkness. Nor was his teacher. They were beings of Gray. Kylo could laugh in relief. He had finally found it! Finally gained that hard sought after knowledge! He takes that shard of Light, that little speck and buries it deep, deep down within himself. He locks it away, along with his vision of the garden, his hope, his love for Hux and his family. Kylo locks it all away and then throws the key as far into the abyss as he can. It is getting difficult to focus, harder to think . Air. Air. He needs air! Kylo summons the Dark Side of the Force to him and it comes readily, easily. He focuses on his hatred, on his pain and rage. The energy builds up around him, cold and violent. Then Kylo lets it all go, sending it out from himself in a burst, like he has so many times before. The strength of his Force blast send him out of the pond and he lands in a heap on the ashy shore, gasping for breath and shaking. His fingers claw at the ground as he drags himself away from the sludge pit. Away from the demons. Snoke is on him then, pulling him up by the back of his robes and slamming him back against a dead tree. A withered hand goes to Kylos throat pinning him as he gasps for breath. Good, Snoke tells him as Kylos world spins and he desperately tries to keep his grip on reality. Good. Give in to your hatred. Your anger. Whatever love you thought you felt, know it was a lie. Nothing breaks the bond between Master and Apprentice. Y-yes Master, Ren manages. He has done it! He has hidden his Light away! Victory fills his chest, hot and potent. It gives him strength, and he feels the Force swell around him. Snoke chuckles. You have done well my Apprentice, he leans closer. You are one step closer to being a Master of the Dark Side. Snokes lips close over Rens and the smell of rot and death floods the Knights senses. Kylos reflex is to fight against it. To struggle as he has in the past, struggle and be defeated and face so much pain. He has a decision to make and nanoseconds to make it in. The Generals words echo in his head. It is a long con. If we are to succeed he can never suspect anything! Can never know! If he does we are both dead! Everyone we care about is dead! You must not let him suspect anything Kylo! Do what you must to survive. Just come home to me. Ill love you no matter what, a rnsearc. Hux, Ren silently pleads in the back of his mind. Please forgive me. He will hate himself for this. Hate himself for months and years. Will claw at his flesh and wail in the night. But if it allows him to survive this. To be able to return home  Fighting down the urge to vomit, the horror and disgust of what he is about to do, Kylo Ren kisses his Master back. --- Kylo collapsed in the room he had claimed. His entire body ached. His mouth tasted like dirt and rot. His muscles were on fire, robes torn. The bruises from Huxs mouth and belt had long since faded before Kylo had even stepped foot on the planet. The scars he bore had not. The blaster wound on his shoulder from the sentry droid on DQar, the long vertical one on his left arm from his suicide attempt, the tens of other scars from his self-flagellation over the years and the burn scar around his neck from the collar Ematt had put on him. That Snoke had paid special attention to. The Knights high collar in on his robes hide his entire neck, scar included from sight. Snoke had ripped the cloth away, traced his fingers over the scar while his other hand was roots in Kylos hair, yanking his head back to expose his throat. See what they would put you through? See how they will hurt you my Apprentice? They will destroy everything you hold dear. You must not let them. H-How? Kylos voice had been a strained whisper as he did his best not to struggle. To keep still. Keep still, behave and it will be over soon. Snoke will let him go. You must destroy them first. Kill them. Strike them down before they make feeble attempts to poison you with the Light again. It all stops once they cease to exist. Kill Skywalker. Wipe out those who would stand in our way. Then, you shall surpass Vader. You will know strength like you never have. He pushed Kylo to his knees. You want this strength, do you not? A withered hand moves to trace over Kylos lips, panic floods the Knight. He knows this part, knows what comes next and hes shaking already I do, he whispers, the tears well up in his eyes and he cant stop them. I want to be stronger. Then show me that you are worthy, that you deserve my teachings. You need to earn the right to the knowledge, Snoke purrs, a hand still tightly tangled in Kylos hair starts to press his face forward. It takes all his resolve not to struggle. Not to fight. Not to gag and cry. Kylo opens his mouth, a whimper escaping his lips before the taste and stretch of death flood his senses. He hates himself as he swallows the bitter, acrid taste of his Master. This is his way out, how he survives. It is low and it is foul. But if he can gain that knowledge, if Snoke believes him complainant and under his control then his Master will never see the attack coming. Snoke pulls Kylo off his cock and with a heavy hand on the Knights neck, forces him to turn around. Robes are pushed aside and there is the tearing of fabric as Kylos face is pressed into the dirt. Nothing can break the bond between Master and Apprentice, Snokes voice is in his head and in his ears and then Kylos vision blacks out for a moment and he screams as pain floods his body. But Kylo is alive. His walls are intact. Although his mind reels, conflict rising up louder and louder the longer he is there. So long as his walls are intact, so memories, love and light buried as deep down as he can get them, he can survive. A whimper breaks from his throat and Kylo curls up in the dark corner, his back against the wall. Quietly he cries. He hates himself, hates his Master. Something shifts in the room and despite his pain, Kylo snaps up from where he is curled, lightsaber in hand, ready to fight- Little supernovae, Shelish appears before him. Her expression was pained, exhausted. Slowly Ren deactivates his saber and turns his back to her. You would come to haunt me now? Now, after all - he gestures angrily. Go away. You never cared. You never- Thats not true! You must not give up, you must fight this! the ghost of the Nightsister insists. What is the point? I see my path now. I see it clearly. I know what I must do. Kylo- If I just give in, if I stop fighting- You must not! she sounds so pained that Ren cannot honestly be angry at her. Cannot continue his charade of hatred. Slowly the Knight sinks to the floor, wedging himself in the corner again. He leans his head back against the stone walls. Im tired, he whispers. I want this pain to end I  I dont want to have to do this! I hate it! Kylo feels her arms around him and swears hes lost consciousness. That he is adrift in the Force or dead perhaps. She has never been able to touch him in the physical world, only in dreams. In Visions. If I could take this burden for you little supernovae, I would. No child should have to go through this, his teacher murmurs to him. Ren sobs. Please, he whispers. Tell Hux Im sorry. That Im so sorry, Kylo hides his face in his hands. He cant bare to look at her, cant bare to think of his lover. Of what he has done and what he must do still. The Force Ghost hesitates. She cannot reach those who are not Force-Sensitive. There is no way for her to communicate this to the red haired General. Unless. She searches the vastness of the Force, selectively running her fingers over the strands of energy that connect her student to others. To those he has bonded to. Surprisingly the witch finds what she needs. It will take a vast amount of energy, of concentration. He will know, Kylo. I assure you he does in his heart already. That is why you two bonded as fiercely as you did. Snoke has no hold on you, he never will, little supernovae. That monster has no claim on you, no bond to you, remember that, Shelish tells him and then she is gone, leaving Kylo alone in the room. The Knight sobs then, pulling his knees back to his chest and hiding his face in them as darkness fills the small room. --- Ashara jerks awake. She is sweating, her breath coming in rapid gasps. Her head is pounding, aching fiercely, as if shes been struck by lightning. A migraine. She would just take a pain tablet and wait for it to pass. She slips from the bed, careful not to wake Dopheld as he snores softly. The metal flooring of their ship is cool beneath her feet and the Togruta shivers. Space is cold and it drains heat and warmth away from everything. She misses her home dearly at moments like this, the heat of the tropical planet In the bathroom she opens the pill box with some fumbling, and fills a glass with a bit of water. She glances up at her reflection in the small bathroom mirror. Her camisole is sticking to her skin, the thin silk nearly transparent from the sweat of her nightmare. Shes paler than usual, her red orange skin taking on an ashy tone. Just a dream. It cant hurt me, she murmurs to herself. She has had many a nightmare since her imprisonment. It is part of the recovery process. They will go away with time. Closing her eyes she places the tablet in her mouth and swallows it down with the water. The medicine will work soon, then she can go back to sleep. Ashara opens her eyes, moving to set the glass back on the sink and she glances up at the mirror once more and recoils from what she sees with a short scream. The glass falls from the sink and shatters on the floor. A monster! A gray skinned demon stares back at her from within the mirror. A scarred creature with yellow eyes. The Togruta staggers backwards, her back meeting the wall of the small bathroom, her hands going over her mouth to try and silence herself. She cannot tear her eyes away from the being in the mirror. Its image fritzes, like bad static on a holo, fading in and out. Ashara feels her heart racing with panic as the lights overhead flicker and then one of them bursts sending a spray of sparks about the small bathroom. She cries out, closing her eyes and jerking back, dropping to the floor, her hands going over her head to protect herself. Then it goes quiet . It had been silent before, save for the hum of lights and the engines of their small ship. But now everything seems to have frozen to come to a complete stop. Breath coming in ragged gasps, Ashara slowly opens her eyes, lower her arms from her head. It is darker now, the lights still silently flickering overhead. It was just a let over from the nightmare, nothing more. There was nothing in the mirror now, just some terror her mind had conjured up. Ashara let out a sigh of relief, eyes closing again as she rested her head back against the wall. How she had not woken Dopheld with her commotion, she had no idea. There were some nights he slept like the dead, other nights that he woke at the slightest sounds. For now though, she was glad that he slept still. She would just clean up this glass and go back to bed, sleep would come to her. The Togruta opened her eyes again, with every intention of doing just that. Yellow eyes are mere inches from her face and Ashara finds herself face to face with the long limbed and gray skinned demon from the mirror. Her mouth opens to scream but no sound comes out. The Togruta finds herself frozen in terror as the creature before her stares her down. The creature drops back, pulling away from her just slightly and settles into a crouch, gaze intense and fixated on Ashara. Do not be afraid, the creature speaks in a surprisingly feminine voice and Ashara feels her migraine increase tenfold. Her robotic hand goes to her montrals, the pain is radiating down from the right one, almost blinding in its intensity. Wh-what manner of being are you? Ashara whispers. The creature, no, the woman, before her is not a corporeal being. The Togruta is certain that if she were to reach out and try to touch the being then her hand would go right through her. A witch of Dathomir. Or at least I was. I am no longer of this world and I cannot hold this form for long, so you must listen closely to me little one, the answer is quick and without bravado. Ashara had heard of the Dathomirian witches, of their magic cult, their connection to the Force why would one that was dead reach out to her? How could one reach out to her? There are too many questions to ask and not enough time. Ashara can feel the other womans urgency, it flows off her like a river. Ever the politician, the level head in the face of crisis, Ashara straightens herself. She makes the decision to trust this ghost, this specter. She will consider the consequences, the implications of this later. What do you require of me? --- An explosion went off overhead, raining down toxic gases and flaming shrapnel on the heads of the soldiers on the ground below. Fall back! Hux bellows at the Stormtroopers and officers around him. Reverse echelon formation! Half a klick! Move! Now! He has to get them out of the range of these bombers! Then they need to circle around, quickly! If they can catch an exposed flank then they can- General Hux! An urgent message for you! A lieutenant tossed Hux a small holo receiver as they ran for cover. The General skidded, scrambling over the loose dirt and debris that covered the battlefield. He managed to find shelter behind a small knoll and pressed the button that would open his end of the communications. The small hologram sprang to life in his palm, a female Togruta with a prosthetic hand. Lady Ashara! Hux had to duck as another round of explosions went off nearby, rocking the earth around him. Forgive me, but now is not the best of times! I have a message from Kylo! she speaks without preamble and none of her usual airs. Hux looks back at the hologram. She is dressed in a thin nightgown, she is shaking and her eyes are too wide. Something is very, very wrong. What? How? What has happened? Hux feels panic edging up on him. Another explosion, hits and he goes sprawling forward from the force of it, the receiver flying from his hand. With a grunt Hux pushes himself to his feet, he needs to get distance between himself and the defending force. He leans down, grabbing the holo receiver and runs. Ashara is still trying to speak to him, practically screaming at him and he drowns it out. Focuses on just getting out of this alive. Getting to a spot where he and his troops can regroup. His soldiers are in sight, moving in a defensive retreat and Hux comms the squad leaders. Change course, go due east. Maintain formation. Reach the cover of the trees and await my command. Hux moves then, scrambling down a dried river bank and running along it, searching for a place he can take refuge. The trees are not far off, he just needs to catch his breath. Just needs to process this message from Ashara. Finally a dramatically undercut rock presents itself to him and he drops into a crouch and slips under it, drawing his blaster as he does. Finally he turns his attention back to the receiver. Ashara- he pants, sweat is pouring down his face. He hates jungle planets! What happened? How did Kylo contact you? I cannot explain it, she says quickly, her hands are gripping the console before her. She looks like she is on the verge of being ill. But it is important that you know. Know what? What happened? Hux is almost shouting at her and has to reign himself in, the adrenaline and heat of battle is wearing at his nerves. He will give away his position or worse. The Togruta looks away and then finally back at him. He wants you to know that he loves you. So much. And she swallows heavily. That hes sorry. So Sorry. He hopes you can forgive him. That you will understand , it is the only way. Huxs brow wrinkles. What was she talking about? What did that mean? It felt like a riddle of the worst kind. One he didnt want to know the answer to, yet at the same time he knows . Guilt settles itself onto his shoulders and weighs him down. Hux swallows heavily, trying to push down the feeling, trying to keep it from eating him alive. From taking away his focus. His fault. This was his fault that Kylo was having to do this. He had let Ren go back to Snoke, even after promising that he would keep the Knight safe! No, no he had to focus! There was not time for guilt or self-pity on the battlefield. He has to survive, has to follow through with the plan. Uphold his end of things. Pain flickers across Huxs face and with great effort he forces down the pain that threatens to eat him alive. He can self-deprecate later. Thank you, Lady Ashara, his voice sounds weak in his ears. Pathetic. General, if there is anything I can d- the transmission is cut off as the receiver is blasted out of his hand. Hux snarls, jerking his limb back against his chest, his hand burning in agony. He twists and returns fire on the soldiers that are closing in on him. --- Ashara slumps against the console. She is trembling uncontrollably, her body is freezing and her skull feels like it may split in two. Ashara? She raises her head to meet her husbands gaze from where he stands in the doorway opposite to her. Dopheld looks confused, like hes still half asleep. His hair is tousled, and hes in nothing but his boxers, but the worry in his expression is plain. When she doesnt respond right away he moves to her and draws her away from the console and into his arms. What happened? he asks in a whisper as she leans into his embrace. Ashara whats wrong? The Togruta is silent, shivering against his warm skin, savoring the comfort of her partner. One of his hands strokes along the head tail that flows down her back from the base of her skull. It feels nice, comforting and she hums softly. He doesnt press her any further and just holds her until the Togruta speaks of her own accord. Our friends are in danger. Suffering. What makes you say that? he takes a step back from her so their eyes meet. His hands rest on her shoulders, rubbing them lightly in an effort to warm her. Ashara wraps her arms around herself and pulls away to gaze out the window into the space that surrounds them. Something has changed. Something has awoken , Dopheld, she says softly, she looks back at him. Anxiety floods her, there is too much she doesnt understand. Too much that has been done that cannot be undone. Do you remember what I told, when we were finally reunited? When we were finally safe? Do you remember the confidence I placed in you? He nods and takes a step towards her. The tests Ematt made you endure it was as you feared, isnt it? he whispers. Ashara puts a hand over her mouth and nods, her emotions warring within her. She does not know what will happen now and it frightens her. But then Dophelds arms are around her, hugging her close as he presses a kiss to one of her montrals. Whatever happens, we'll face it together, he promises her, one of his hands going to hold her crippled one, gently rubbing it and fingers brushing over the ring hed given her. I gave you my vow, didnt I? She turns in his arms, warmth filling her at his words. The Maker has truly blessed me to give me such a great gift as your pure heart, dearest Dopheld. Ashara raises up on her tiptoes and kisses him. He pulls her closer and she relaxes into his arms. Take me back to bed, my brave Lieutenant, she murmurs in his ear as the kiss ends. Dopheld gives her a shy, half smile that makes her heart jump and the bottom of her stomach drop out. He will always be that mousy little boy that she kissed under the grosa tree when they were children. That stole her heart and always tries so hard to be brave for her. She loves him for it, loves that he now takes her hand and boldly leads her back to their quarters. Dopheld will warm her body and soul and he will love her until the stars burn out. And she will be strong for him. Stand by his side unwaveringly. And, if the Maker is willing , she thinks as he pulls her to the bed, pressing kisses against her neck, his hands gently ghosting over her body. I will give you a child, dearest Dopheld. --- Phasma was pissed. She had suspected something like this would happen. Kylo had confided as much in her and she had hoped his worry would have been for naught. Of course she hadnt been that lucky. The Knight had been gone barely a year and somewhere along the way the General had lost himself. He overworked himself, took on riskier tactics as they continued their campaign and had been in and out of the med bay more times than she could count. He managed to press forward, to keep their casualties to a minimum. It wasnt that he was careless with the soldiers, but rather himself. As if he wanted to die. She worried each time they went out onto the battlefield. Hux managed to get himself wounded or in extremely compromising situations far too much. There were a number of times that Phasma had personally gone out to look for him, fearing she was going to find him dead or worse. Each time she would find him, sitting amidst a pile of fallen enemies, blaster held loosely in one hand, staring off into space. More often than not, he was covered in blood, as if hed undergone some surreal baptism. Sometimes it was his, sometimes it wasnt. For all Huxs riveting speeches, his impassioned proclamations and his endless bickering with the other heads of the First Order for more funding, more supplies for the troops, he seemed lost. A man without a cause. There were a number of times Phasma had seriously considered going to one of the psych techs and demanding that they run an analysis on the redhead. She had found Hux asleep at his desk more often than not and the tell-tale signs of exhaustion were starting to show on the pale mans face. He had started to develop small caffeine shakes, dark circles under his eyes, and his skin became paler than she had ever seen it. Only his patience, his temper seemed to stay intact, as if the mans pride was the only thing left holding him together. But like it or not the General was starting to fall apart, to unhinge, bit by bit. The last time theyd been on the battlefield hed gotten himself caught within range of a compression grenade. The blast had fractured his ribs, but the General had not allowed himself to be tended to, instead pushing their forces forward and to victory. Hours later, back on the old Star Destroyer, Phasma had checked with the medical staff. Hux had not come in with the wounded, or at all. The Captain sighed. She hadnt really expected Hux to be there, hed taken to not going to the med bay, unless he was bleeding to death. That meant however that he was more than likely in his quarters, as it was far too early for him to be delivering reports to the council heads. He had taken to retreating to his room after battles, not talking to anyone for the better part of the next day. It was an annoying habit, one that Phasma would not have given a second thought to, lots of people needed time to decompress after the stress of battle, except that this was Hux, whos special skills included overworking himself and more often than not being too proud to ask for help. Phasma swore she would drag him by his ear to the med bay if she had to, their ranking be damned. Hux was going to get himself killed if he kept this up. And while he didnt strike her as the type to be suicidal, at least not consciously, it would do no one any good if he was dead. So she found herself outside of the door to his quarters a little while later, knocking on it and feeling extremely irritated. There was a long pause and then it slid open. Do you need something Captain? Hux asked briskly. His uniform was wrinkled and still dirt covered and bloodstained from the battle. He was barefoot however, shed evidently caught him in the middle of undressing. You never went to the med bay, I wanted to make sure my commanding officer hadnt died on us due to a punctured lung, she returned back, just as cooly. Fine if that was how he wanted to act. Im fine , he scowled. If that is all Captain, I have things to attend to- You need treatment, Phasma frowned behind her mask. It would be remiss of me to allow my General to not seek care for his wounds. Hux sighed heavily. Or at least he tried to and was unable to hide the flash of pain that crossed his face and the hand that reflexively went to brace against his ribs. Phasma tilted her head, gesturing with one hand as if to silently say I told you so. The General glared at her, considering something for a long moment. I dont have to to waste being on bedrest in the med bay. So youd rather just possibly die in your quarters? I dont know if youre suicidal or just stupid. I am not going to have this conversation in my doorway Captain, Huxs voice was a growl. In fact, it is over. You either have something related to our battle to report to me or you can leave. She was a silent and Hux turned away, with every intention of shutting the door and locking her out, but Phasma put her foot between it and the wall, effectively preventing it from closing. Phasma- At least let me help you if youre going to insist on being stupid about this, she said, using the tone shed once used with her younger brother growing up when he was being particularly pigheaded. Hux looks away, weighing his options in his head and then finally opens the door again, stepping back so she can come in. Once inside, she pulls off her helmet and her armored gloves, setting them and her gun aside on his dresser. Hux is pointedly ignoring her, having turned back to his desk, studying the starchart of their current system. There are other files strewn about on his desk and an open bottle of brandy and a tumbler. Hux pour himself a drink and picks up a small device that Phasma recognizes as a vapor stick. I was unaware that you partook, she gestured at the stick as the General took a long pull from it, slowly exhaling a cloud of white vapor into the air. Millicent came up to the Captain, mewing in greeting and rubbing up against her armored legs. Hello Millie, Phasma crouched to pet the cat. She wasnt as tiny as she had been, a respectable eight pounds now with a sleek coat that seemed to get longer by the day. I dont, Hux said, picking up a datapad and starting to flick through it, taking another pull on the stick and exhaling another cloud. Phasma snorted, scooping the cat up in her arms and walking over to the desk to look at the star chart. Our next target? The troopers need time to recover, we need foodstuffs, munitions. This one will be tricker than the last, Hux doesnt look up at her, but he sighs again, wincing and then with the vapor stick held between his fingers, picks up the glass of brandy and takes a sip from it. Phasma sets Millicent down. Take your jacket off.  Excuse me?  Hux gives her a look and Phasma rolls her eyes. If youre going to insist on being a stupid boy and not going to the med bay then at least let me wrap your ribs. If you dont something will heal wrong, so come on now, jacket and shirt off, let me check you, she snaps her fingers a few times. Your med kit is in the bathroom still right? It is, Hux takes another swallow of brandy before setting the glass, vapor stick and data pad down as Phasma goes to get the med kit. She returns with it as sees that he still has his uniform jacket on and has to bite back a groan of aggravation. The General is stubborn beyond comprehension sometimes. He and Kylo were well suited for each other in their pigheadedness. She knows arguing directly with him wont get anywhere so instead Phasma tries a different tactic. Hux, she says quietly. Come on now, let me bandage you up. You need to take care of yourself, for the sake of the First Order. For Kylo. What would he say if he knew you were being so careless? It would break his heart. Hux closes his eyes, pressing his lips tightly together. Then, slowly he undoes his jacket, sliding it off his shoulders. Phasma notes a chaotic lattice work of silver scars that are visible on his arms and neck, descending down beneath the fabric of his undershirt. These scars are broken up by what are clearly bite marks that have broken skin and healed over. It is for Kylo that Im doing all this, Huxs voice breaks the silence. What? Almost getting yourself killed in battle? Working yourself to death? Phasma snorts and she takes a seat in his desk chair, it will make wrapping his torso up easier. Come on, General, undershirt off. I can handle it! Hux snaps as he moves to pull his undershirt off and hisses in pain as he does. He tosses the shirt aside, glaring at her. I am handling things just fine . It sure doesnt seem that way, Phasma remarked, opening the kit to pull out a roll of bandages. Her eyes go over the Generals torso. Hes not muscled like Ren, not by a long shot. Theres a nasty blaster scar on his side from Nilash and more of those small, silver scars all over his skin. He stays out of reach of her touch, shifting his weight uncomfortably. You dont understand. I-I was too distracted previously. If I had worked harder, earlier. If Id gotten more done, made progress. Moved more aggressively, then I could have spared Kylo of- he gestures vaguely, his mouth twisting in anger and his tone becomes sharper with his conviction. So now I need to make up for it. I need to gain ground, fast. I have to be sure that I have support within the Order, within the council. If I just push a little harder, a little further, I can change things. This will never happen again, Kylo will be safe . He stops suddenly, taking a shallow breath, his throat working. Hux glances at her, and she sees wild fear reflected in his eyes. Phasma is reminded in that moment that she is the oldest amongst their little makeshift family. Hux might be older then Kylo and Mitaka, but Phasma is older than Hux by nearly five years. How strange it was to go from middle child to caretaker. To having to be the responsible one. Hux, she says quietly. He infuriates her to no end, with his stubbornness, his constant plotting and planning. And yet, in this moment he looks so young. So afraid. Hux isnt a General in this moment, but simply a boy who grew up too fast and is frightened for himself, for his lover. He is more vulnerable than she can ever remember seeing him. Let me bandage you up, she motions for him to come closer to her and he does, with painstaking slowness until he stands inches before her. I know you always scheme. I know you have a grand plan in mind to keep Kylo safe. To make all of this work and bring the Order to victory. And Im sure you have five contingency plans in place as well. Phasma moves her fingers lightly over Huxs sides, pressing gently against his ribs to find where the damage was. He flinched in a few spots, and shudders as she continues to check him for other damage. Fortunately there dont seem to be any punctured organs. Hes shivering as she starts to unroll the bandages and begins to wrap his ribs. Ill not question your designs, I know better than that, she glanced up at him and gave him a wane smile. But you need to trust me. Im your Captain after all, what good is that if you dont let me help? Hux is remarkably silent as she talks, not giving her an answer, his expression cloudy as she wraps his torso. He only winces and makes a few tiny noises of pain as she secures the wrap. Where did you learn to do this? I know it isnt covered in basic first aid training, he asks, finally breaking the silence, stepping back and finishing the glass of brandy on the desk before pouring another one for himself and drinking that down as well. Before joining the First Order, I had wanted to be a doctor, Phasma laughs softly. And I had two brothers who were always in trouble so there were plenty of chances to practice. He nods, fingers hovering, trembling, at the brandy but instead of pouring himself another glass he puts the stopper back in the bottle and picks up the vapor stick, taking a pull from it. You need to rest Hux, Phasma tells him. Reminds him. Hux is human after all. He needs rest like they all do and right, the General looks like hes on the verge of collapsing. Or having a complete melt down. Shes never seen the General cry, that privilege has been reserved for Kylo and Kylo alone. And with the Knight not there to balance the General out, Hux has started down a dangerous and desperate path. Someone has to rein him back in before he gets himself killed on his crusade. On this wild and desperate attempt to do better, to be better that everything that had come before. Phasma wasnt entire convinced that there wasnt a smattering of guilt for having been unable to keep Kylo safe. The General had been told about the mysterious transmission that he had received some months ago. When theyd managed to contact Ashara and Mitaka, the Togruta had been hesitant to discuss the matter. With some unease, she had explain the specter shed seen and the message shed been told to relay. Beyond that she knew as little as they did. Now however, is not the time to discuss the matter. Phasma just needs to make sure that Hux doesnt kill himself in his attempts to fulfill the Supreme Leaders insane order, or as he tries to execute whatever scheme he has cooking in the back of his mind. She had promised Kylo that much, and as infuriating as Hux could be, she didnt wish ill to him. If you want your grand schemes to work, your mind needs to be sharp. Just as you would have the troopers rest, you need to do the same, she tells him patiently. Three planets taken within a year is a good start, you have earned a small break. So take a few personal days you owe that much to yourself. To Kylo. He nods, slowly agreeing with her as he takes another pull from the vapor stick. Phasma is almost worried with how quiet he is being. MIllicent jumps to the top of the desk and starts to attack the start chart hologram being displayed. General and Captain stare at her and then Hux chuckles softly. Always a little heathen, he says fondly as he picks the cat up, holding her to his chest and rubbing her ears. Millicent purrs loudly in satisfaction. Hux, Im serious, Phasma tells him, frowning. The General looks at her, expression grim. I know, I know, he sighs again, still wincing but not as much this time. He frowns, brow furrowing as he considers something. Phasma? Yes? I trust you, his brow is still wrinkled in worry as he speaks, looking her dead in the eye. On the battlefield and in more personal matters. Youre a good friend to Kylo and I know that we dont always see eye to eye. But I trust you, youve always been there for us. I just, I want you to know that I appreciate it.  General, Phasma stands, putting a hand on Huxs shoulder reassuringly. Families dont always get along, but we work through it. We stand up for each other and we help each other. If you ever need my help, even if it is on one of your crazy plots, Im here. Im all in. He lets out a small breath of relief, a faint smile pulling at his lips. Im grateful thank you. She nods and then puts her other hand on his shoulder and moves behind him, pushing him towards his bed. Enough sentiment. Now rest . Youre as stubborn and stupid as Kylo I swear! --- Hux laid in bed, staring up at the ceiling. Millicent was curled up at his side. It was not the first time hed considered such a dramatic contingency. Such a vastly different ploy from the long con he was engaging in. He didnt like to think about it. It was terrifying. What if it got so bad, if they both failed so catastrophically that there were no other options? If the First Order was no longer safe and Snoke was calling for one or both of their heads. What if they lost everything? What could they do? Already Hux knows the answer. He hates it, but if they are desperate, then they will have no choice. If he fails to politically maneuver as he needs to with the heads of the Order. If he fails to win this war and they fail to kill Snoke. Then they need to be able to escape. To run. To flee the Order and its enemies, be it the Resistance or the Republic. But it isnt that simple. He has to make sure that their family is safe before they do. Has to make sure that if it all goes to hell, that Phasma, Ashara and Mitaka are all kept safe. Are protected. Failure has to be accounted for, no matter how unpleasant the thought. His mind feels hazy from the brandy and the lack of sleep is making his eyelids heavy. Silently he hopes that Kylo is all right. Hates himself for not having been able to prevent this, for not being able to better protect Ren. Although he doubted he could do much better if they were on the run. They would be hunted, but they would also be free. Hux doesnt want that life of fear, he must do all he can to ensure that the First Order becomes his . That he does not fail in his next move, in swaying the heads of the council. Either by nicety or other means. Having a council of heads in his favor, or even better, without his father on it, would make his work vastly easier. The Generals eyes slide closed, his last thoughts are about the Knight. Worrying about him, hoping that he can hold on. That he can survive. That they both do. A small noise of pain, unrelated to his injured ribs, leaves Huxs lips. He misses Kylo, so terribly he thinks it will rip him in half. It feels like part of his soul has been ripped out. It aches to be away from him. It hurts to know that he wasnt able to protect his lover. The guilt makes his stomach turn and another sob leaves the General in the darkness of his quarters. Millicent stirs and moves, resting her front paws and her chin on Huxs chest and slowly, starts to purr. The General shudders and gradually he fall back into the waiting arms of sleep, tears escaping his eyes as they flutter and dart one last time before darkness takes him. --- They desperately needed to do a supply run. Discreetly at that. The quadrant of space that they were currently moving through, while not truly loyal to the Republic, had never been fond of the old Empire and it was safe to assume that they were not open to the ideals of the First Order either. That was how Hux, Phasma and a small platoon of their personal troopers had ended up on the little planet with minimal weaponry, no armor and no distinguishing symbols on their black, nondescript fatigues that might betray their affiliation. It was simple. Order the supplies, get them on the two shuttles and get the shuttles back to the old Star Destroyer before someone stopped to ask them exactly why they needed that many tons of rations and munitions. Hux felt uneasy when the seller told them it would be a few hours to acquire all the supplies. He had offered the merchant a twenty percent increase if the merchant was able to hasten the order. The alien had shrugged, taken the credits and said hed see what he could do, it was a large order after all. With nothing further that could be done to increase the speed of their order being filled, Hux had given the soldiers that had accompanied himself and Phasma a few hours free time to explore the area, take in the sights and what not. Above all he didnt want to seem like he was in a hurry. That would raise suspicions. Phasma, walk with me? Hux jerked his head in the direction of the market. His blaster was strapped to his hip and he had a carbine slung over his shoulder as did the Captain. She fell into step beside him and they walked in silence through the marketplace. Im going to need your help, Hux said as he paused as a stall, examining a few trinkets. He found nothing to his liking and continued moving. Oh? Youre going to owe me an endless amount of favors by the time this is all done, Fae, Phasma smirked at him. Hux, glanced at her, his brow wrinkling and then he laughed dryly. Did you just call me Fae? he gave her a look. I heard little brother use your given name once. I dont think I was supposed to, and besides I could never hope to pronounce it right, Phasma tilted her head, giving him a smile. I assumed there is a reason you dont use it, even amongst Dopheld and the others. However I cant go around in situations like this calling you sir or Hux, so, she shrugged. Huxs mouth twisted and he snorted softly. No, no I suppose you cant. Phasma waited a beat to see if he was going to say anything further. When he didnt, she pressed lightly. So what do you need my help with? Hux glanced up at the Captain, hed been examining a few items, small knives and vials of poison at one sellers stall. Treason, he answered simply before directing his attention to the merchant. How much? he asked, holding up a violet crystal vial. Oh that is essence of Bundar root, very strong. Very good, but if you wish to kill someone, the shifty blue alien scuttled about. Maybe try the charon venom, very good for a slow death, for making someone suffer. The alien offered up a different vial. Ill give you a good deal too, Ill even throw in some death sticks! Fae, youre shitting me right? Phasma picked up one of the other vials, only to have the alien swat at her hand. Manax-root! Be careful! Dont just grab things off the table! it scolded her. You said you were all in, Hux turned to look at her sharply. Are you or arent you? They stared at each other for a tense minute. Heyyy are you buying something or not? No domestic spats at my business, you take that outside! The alien started to move to shoo them away and Hux turned to him, plunking down a fist full of credits on the table. Im buying, package it discreetly. The alien hurried about to do so and then was chasing them out of his stall and back into the street. What the hell are you thinking? Phasma hissed at him. Please tell me youre not stupid enough to go and try to poison Snoke in his own house? Thats actually a tactic I hadnt thought of. Kylo does have a new tracker in his belt, it wouldnt be hard to find the location-ow! Hux rubbed the back of his head. Phasma had clipped him on the back of his head, almost sending him sprawling. Are you insane? Hell kill you both! she hissed at him. Hux straightened and gave her a dirty look. Im not an idiot, of course its not for him . Then what the hell are you plotting? If this goes wrong- That is why I need your help! he whirled on her, grabbing her arm. I need to gain political power, I need to sway the heads of the council- Somehow I dont think that poisoning them will encourage their confidence in you. Hux made an exasperated noise and dragged her out of the street and into a side alley. This, he shook the bag of poisons hed just bought. Is a last resort, and if Im lucky Ill have the privilege of using them on my father. No I promise you, I have more tact and grace than to outright threaten the heads. The hell Phasma shook her head in exasperation. Are you going to bribe them? Hux shook his head with a frown. Bribes can be too easily turned against the person offering them. No I need to convince them, or kill them and have them replaced. If I can do that then perhaps I stand a chance. You cant hope to sway all of them. They just added new members to accommodate other divisions. Youve got to convince nearly twenty people now to not side with the commandant! Not all of them. Just enough to weaken my father, to bring new blood into the Order, Hux has a grim expression on his face. If he doesnt make these crucial moves now, when the time comes to overthrow Snoke they wont have the support they need. The support from within the Order will make all the difference for when they take on the ancient Force user. Snokes grand designs, from what Hux has gleaned are simply to acquire power, beyond that he trembles to think what an monster like Snoke could and would do. The Order must not rely on Snoke, we cannot! He will lead us into darkness, into something far worse than the Empire ever was! We have to move forward! Changing the political air within the Order is the first step. Once I do that then I can start to change other things, I can rebuild things, the right way! he looks at his Captain. Desperately Hux hopes hes made the right decision in trusting her. Phasma sighs and pulls her arm away from him, rubbing the back of her neck with a hand. Fuck Hux, she whispers. Briefly she paces the small alleyway and then looks back at him. If you have this all figured out, why do you need me? Because- the words catch in his throat and he has to swallow a few times to get them to come out. Because I cant do this alone. If it gets messy, if it gets gritty, I need someone to have my back. This is the first step, the first part of this. Get control of the Order. Then we crush the Republic, then we take out Snoke. There it is. All out in the open. All on display. Every last bit of it. Hux gives her an imploring look, silently begging her to understand. I cant fight a multi-sided war and the faster I can make these things happen, the less collateral damage. The less suffering, and the greater the chance that we all make it out of this alive. The greater chance I have of making sure that he never hurts Kylo again, hes over explaining now. Over rationalizing it. This is so unlike him, to be this nervous. Then again he has never done something like this. Never planned a coup d'etat. The Academy didnt exactly prepare you for this sort of thing. You were expected to fall in line, to follow orders. To live for the glory of the Empire of the past. Staying in the past though will get them all killed. It will be the end of the Order and all hope Hux has of ever making it things right . Of ever making a difference. He waits for what feels like hours, but can only really be minutes. Finally Phasma nods. Im all in. For Kylo, for changing things. But you have to promise me something Fae, she tells him sternly. The Captain looks apprehensive, and she has every right to be. If they are found out then they will be killed. Rank will not save you from treason. Name it, Hux breathes, he fights back the relief. He has to know what her condition is. It may hinge on all this. When this is all done, when it is over. You take care of Kylo, her face is stern. Why do you think Im doing this? So I can , Hux frowns at her statement, Phasma shakes her head and then elaborates. Take him off the battlefield. Take him away from the killing. Away from all of it, take him to that garden that he was talking about and make sure it doesnt burn down. Because Kylo... He hes not like us, she says softly. Hes better than us, you know that right? He deserves better than the life of a soldier or mercenary. He deserves peace. I know, Hux says softly as he grasps her meaning. I have every intention of doing so. It wont be easy. Itll be hard won and it will take time, but I promise you. I will see to it that he finds peace. Phasma nods and it is quiet in the alley way. Okay, if were done plotting treason, how about we find some lunch? Weve got a few more hours before the shipment is ready, the Captain says, trying to lighten the mood. Good idea, Hux says, but he remains rooted to the spot, almost shaking from relief. Phasma is on his side! She will help! He had his misgivings, his concerns that she might balk at the idea of betraying Snoke, or the heads. But she was all in, if for no other reason then for Kylos sake. That was enough for Hux. United with the blonde woman once more under the banner of chaos that was Kylo Ren. They could do this. They would succeed! Phasma looks back at him, shes nearly to the front of the alley now. She waits for him and he jogs up to her and they head back out onto the street. When the dust settles, I want you to take over training of the troopers, Hux tells her. Youd be much better than who is currently in charge. The base is halfway completed, I want you to focus your efforts there. This sounds a great deal like a promotion, Fae, Phasma glances at him out of the corner of her eye. Youre the best and you understand my tactics. Youre clever and the troopers will do well under you. If youll take the position it will give us greater power to maneuver later, Hux points to a small restaurant and they step inside. Plotting again, Phasma laughed as she slid into the booth across from Hux. Do you ever tire of it Fae? Its all Im good at, he gave her a rueful grin. They order some food and then sit in silence, lost in their own thoughts and worries. Fae? Hmm? Im honored by you offering me the position. It would be good to make a change in something, instead of just being blaster fodder on the battlefield. Do you really think I see you and the troopers as that? No, she shrugged. But I know many of the heads do. It is time that old adage changed. Ill make my troopers the best in the Galaxy! she grins at him and Hux chuckles softly. Im glad my confidence is well placed, he leaned back against the cushion in the booth and stared out over the small eatery. --- They still had two hours before the shipment was finalized, so Hux and Phasma took to wandering the market some more. The pair wove in and out of stalls, looking for nothing in particular as they browsed. Phasma hadnt even realized that shed left Hux behind until she turned to speak to him and found that he wasnt at her side. In a panic shed looked up and laid eyes on him, finding him a few vendors back, studying the wares of one seller with great intensity. She made her way back to him and then stopped short when she saw exactly was the seller offered. All over the tabletop were rings. Some silver, some gold. Others made of black metals and others still made of bronzes and coppers. Some have gemstones embedded in them. Many of them sparkled brilliantly in the afternoon sunlight sending an array of rainbows all over the tent that surrounds the stall. The Generals fingers trace reverently over the rings. He picks one up, studying it closely and then sets it back down. Hux hadnt been intending on buying anything else and yet something had drawn him to the stall. He swallowed against the lump that was building in his throat and he thought of Mitaka and Ashara, they would have just celebrated their one year wedding anniversary. Vividly, Hux remembers Kylo holding his hand so tightly behind Phasmas back, watching as the two younger beings exchange promises and vows. He remembers that feel of hope , that swell of emotion and love that had even made Phasma sniffle a bit behind her chromed helmet. It had been in that moment, that Hux had realized how very badly he wanted to give that same promise to Kylo. They would never be able to be openly wed, there were too many conflicts of interest, too much at stake. So he had said nothing, had been careful not to think it or suggest it in anyway. He had put the thought aside for a year and now it rushed up into the forefront of his mind. Had he lost his chance? Had his investment in this crazy, dangerous long con destroyed any hope of seeing his lover again? Had it cost him the one person who matter most to him in the entire Galaxy? Hux silently curses himself, wishing again that hed done more , acted faster. If he had then Kylo might have never had to go before Snoke again. Kylo might be the Master of the Knights of Ren, but Snoke is his own Master still. A terrifying, and cruel master at that. Snoke all but holds Kylo hostage now and has sent Hux on a nearly suicidal mission. Hux closes his eyes. The withered old creature had separated them again, just as they were growing stronger. Did he know? Did Snoke suspect? Was that why hed suddenly ripped them apart? To weaken their bond? No. He couldnt! If he did, surely both Hux and Ren would be dead by now wouldnt they? Hux looked back down at the rings, picking one of them up to inspect it. He ached to hold his lover. Wished over and over again that he had done more, done better for the Knight. Is this, is this all too little too late? Hux knows he will spend the rest of his life making sure Snoke never hurts Kylo ever again. That he'll do terrible things to ensure that he can get his lover back, and even more horrific things to keep his lover safe. Deep down, Hux knows he will never forgive himself for these years of pain and sadness that Kylo now endured. And yet, for all the pain. All that they have been through, their mistakes and shortcomings, the General holds out hope that Kylo will still love him when it is all over. That Kylo will be able to return to him. He turned over the ring he was holding, examining it. It was a black band with a strip of red through the center. Not as bright blood red as the emblem of the First Order, but a darker maroon color, almost purplish. Its good construction, lightweight, whats the metal? he asked the vendor. Tungsten, the merchant chirped, beaming. The center of the band is made from melted rol stones to produce the maroon coloring. Very strong. Will not chip or tarnish. The General stared at it for a long time, carefully considering it. Examining it more closely, quietly reflecting. The band was a gunmetal black color. Tapered at the edges, smooth and shiny and as it moved towards the center channel that held the deep maroon band of color, it took on a bur brushed appearance while remaining smooth to the touch. It is perfect, in every way. He didnt want to give Ren something that held ties or implications of the Order. No, that would never do. And his mother had possessed no jewelry, so there was nothing familial he could give his lover. But this, this slightly darker piece, this is not just Kylo, but them. What they are together. Balanced. Perfect. Hux knew he would not see Ren for some time still, if ever again. And when they were finally reunited, would Kylo even still feel the same way? Or would they be strangers again? Would Kylo be able to forgive him? Or will Snoke grind the love, and life and hope out of the dark haired man? Was it already too late? Will this offering of a union be discarded and cast aside? If he even ever gets to make it? Hux stares at the ring in his hand. He feels the weight of it. The enormity of the promise it holds. The potential. Yet, even with all the unknowns, it feels right. Yes. This is the right thing. When Kylo comes back, because he will come back, Hux wants to give this ring to him. No matter what. Hux wants to do this. To solidify them. To promise Kylo that he is loved more than anything in the Galaxy. To offer him this bond. This union. Because Hux cant imagine his life with anyone else. He doesnt want anyone else. Would never trade the Knight away. Not even for the promise of victory for the First Order. What good is victory, without a person to share it with? Kylo is his life. It is Kylo who will be there long after Snoke and the Republic and the Order have fallen to history. Even if Kylo says no. Even if he hates Hux for failing him like he has so many times For being so weak and pathetic, unable to keep his lover safe like he promised. Even if Ren throws the ring out an airlock and spits in the Generals face. Hux still wants the Knight to know: he loves Kylo Ren. It took years to say the words aloud. And Hux will not take them back, not even under pain of death. Even if Kylo returns only to run Hux through with his lightsaber, Hux will still love him. He feels his eyes burn and Hux hastily brushes at the tears threatening to spill down his face. He nods, taking a moment to collect himself before looking at the vendor. I need two of them please, Hux tells her. The merchant smiles at him and goes about measuring his finger to make sure the ring gets sized correctly. The ring for Kylo takes some guesswork to size, but in the end Hux is satisfied. Your lover is a lucky one, the merchant girl beams at Hux. I hope the Maker blesses your union. Hux pays her, nodding his thanks. His heart is in his throat and his hands are shaking. The two boxes are tucked into another bag, kept carefully separate from the poison hes purchased. Phasma is strangely quiet as he walks back to join her. Shed watched the whole thing he knew, but she had given him space. For that he is grateful, and he basks in the silence between them. He has years still to get this right. To plan the moment. To figure out how he might ask Ren. How he might get the Knight back if need be. All the more reason to move quickly, viciously. If he has to, he must be able to ensure that he can pull Ren from Snokes clutches. For now though, he contents himself with just having the items. Daydreaming too much about hopes and dreams will get them killed. It feels almost too carefree of an idea to have. Especially knowing what Kylo is going through right now. The horrors he must be facing. Hux wishes there was a way he could reach out to Ren. To reassure him to touch him, strengthen him. Is it wrong of him to hold onto this idea? To cling to this dream? Hux doesn't know, he hopes hopes so desperately that the hastily put together plan he'd made before Ren left does some good. Hope is all he has now. Hope that the Ren that returns to him is his Ren. He loves him unconditionally, no matter what Snoke does to him or makes him do. Hux holds on to that hope that Kylo will understand. That there will be something left of his lover when they finally get to meet again. He glances at Phasma as they walk. So youre really going to ask him then? I didnt buy them just for them to collect dust. And it I want him to know how much he means to me. No matter how far away we are or what trials we face. I dont want him to ever feel unwanted or unloved again, Hux looks out over the market, taking in the noise of the place. For a brief moment his self loathing takes a backseat. His guilt joins it and he allows himself to enjoy the hustle and bustle of life. Enjoying not being stuck in the middle of battle or buried under war plans for the first time in a year. Fae- Feidhelm. What? Phasma gives him a confused look. Huxs mouth twitches slightly. My first name. Its Feidhelm, he tells her. She might as well know, even if she has given him a hopeless nickname now. But the Captain is frowning, giving him a strange look. That her frown deepens as she regards him. Thats not an Imperial name. Hux meets her gaze, lifting his chin slightly. No. It isnt. There are some who might recognize the name style, some who might be able to tell that he isnt of pure Imperial blood. It would seem Phasma is one of them. That, her voice drops to a whisper that is barely heard over the sounds of the marketplace. Thats a slave name, she stares at him with wide eyes. She had heard of slaves from the Dalonbian sector. Had even met a few when she and her bothers had been living on the streets. They were highly valued in the slave trade, even if they only were human. Pale skin, green and blue eyes and red hair, an already uncommon phenotype among humans, and this entire planet was populated with them. A lean, wiry people who were vicious fighters and cunning strategists, even if their methods were more primitive. They heralded from a culture seeped in mysticism from years of seclusion from the rest of the Galaxy. While they could look like any other human, it was their names were what gave them away. The strange little planet they came from that had been largely ignored by most ruling powers in the Galaxy and flourished into something entirely unique. At least until the raiders had gotten wind of them. Then, all their spirit and cunning had not saved them. Had not been able to keep their home protected. She had heard stories from her companions. So many stories about the horrors endured by those people and their fierce hatred from the Republic, how they had bitterly sided with the Empire. She stared at her General. No wonder he had never revealed his name to anyone. If they knew they were being led by a slave or even a descendant of a slave, it would be mutiny. Chaos. Briefly she wondered if his father had been No. Brendol Hux had far too much Imperial history in his name, so had that meant that his son had been- I was born free, Hux tells her, not breaking her gaze. My mother killed for her freedom and died to ensure mine. I am no ones slave, not now. Not ever. Certainly not to my father and not to Snoke, his chest is heaving. His heart racing, blood is pounding too loudly in his ears. He almost feels dizzy from the intensity of it. Phasma stares at him, silently processing the information. So the Commandant hadnt been part of that society, how strange. It made something coil uneasily in Phasmas stomach and she got the vast impression that the circumstances surrounding her superiors conception and birth were less than pleasant. Not material you causally discussed. That he was even telling her this- So, Captain, he says, his voice sounds quiet and he cant tell if it actually is or not. Another tipping point. Are you with me still? Are you all in, even knowing this? Oh. Oh. It becomes clear to the Captain now: he is trusting her. Like he never has before in all the years theyve worked together.. Phasma opens her mouth to answer, but then her blue eyes shift and suddenly shes not looking at Hux, by behind him. Move! she screams and grabs his hand pulling him to the side and into a crowd of people. The blaster bolt barely misses them and hits a cart, making the sweet, multicolored fruit splatter everywhere. Hux swears and he looks back, scanning the crowd as people start screaming and fleeing in chaos. He cant pick anyone out, there are too many people and their attack could easily blend in. We need cover, he tells her, his hand loosening the blaster on his hip as Phasma frees her carbine from her back. Quickly, lets move, try to blend with the crowd. They fall in with the chaos, moving through the group of people and aliens alike that are fleeing the scene. Together General and Captain weave through the crowd, trying to keep their position changing as they do so their attackers cant get a lock on them. Another shot rings out and narrowly misses Phasma. Instead it hits the support column of the tent in front of them, bringing it down and blocking their way. They dart to the left and find their way blocked by a handful of soldiers. Hux sees the firebird emblem on their jackets, damned Resistance. He doesnt hesitate. His hand goes for his blaster and has it drawn before he realizes what is happening. Hes fired three shots into the soldiers blocking their path and Phasma has charged forward, briefly grappling with one that is armed with a vibroblade before kicking him to the ground and shooting him. The fifth they shoot together the combined force of their shots hitting him in the chest sends him sprawling backwards. Footsteps thunder in behind them and Hux whirls, firing into their next round of attackers. But only briefly. They are outnumbered and out-gunned, this is not a battle they can win. Not one they can risk, not with supplies on the line. Fall back! he tells Phasma and they, duck under a stall and sprint for dear life. They run. Pushing through crowds, knocking stands over and dodging blaster fire. Phasma pulls to the side and through the back door of a restaurant. They blow past startled cooks and patrons and burst out the front of the establishment. We have to lose them, we cant take them back to the hanger! We cant risk the supplies! Split up! They cant follow both of us. What? No! Hux frowns at her. The longer they stand there and bicker, the more likely they are to be caught again. He grabs Phasmas arm. Come on, he drags her after him and they run through more shoppes. Through restaurants filled with steam and fire. Their pursuers are behind them, shouting, but at least not firing anymore, not wanting to hurt civilians. That is a small blessing. They blow through a tea shop and as they scramble out a window there is the sound of porcelain and ceramic shattering on the floor. Someone flings hot water at them and Hux and Phasma narrowly avoid getting scalded. Through a spice shop and one of their pursuers takes a shot at them. The bolt barely missing Huxs head and instead lands in a massive pile of yellow spice, making it explode into a cloud that fills the shop, making everyone cough and choke on it as it fills the air. Elbow over her nose and eyes stinging and watering, Phasma grabs Hux by the front of his shirt and pulls him out of the shop and back into the street. This chase is lasting too long. There are more Resistance fighters, they can wear Hux and Phasma down. Theyre both panting and straining for breath as they rush across the street, dodging vehicles and pack animals. People shout curses at them and send obscene gestures their way. Hux spots a set of steps that leads up to a roof top. The height might do them some good. Half way up however blasters rain down on them. The Resistance has shooters on the roof! Shouts at their back tell him that they cant retreat the way they came. Jump! Hux shoves Phasma off the narrow catwalk and follows after her. They land on the fabric top of a tent vendor and promptly rip through the material, much to the owners dismay. But Hux doesnt have time to apologize, his main priority is not being shot or taken hostage. He and Phasma scramble to their feet and start running again. Behind them the sounds of the Resistance soldiers are shouting are fading. Huxs comm crackles. Sir! Your shipment is ready! Excellent, well be there shortly! Hux all but shouts into the comm as they duck into a shoppe that sells bolts of dyed silks and fabrics. Shit! Dead end! Phasma swears as she slams her fists against the back wall. What do you mean? Theres not fucking backdoor! Theres no way out! What? Panic seizes Hux and he looks around the shoppe. Hide! he shoves the Captain into the center of a rack of silks before diving into another one himself. Hux pulls his feet up so they cant be seen, precariously balancing on the rack. The scent of the dyes is dizzying and his eyes water from it. All around him he hears the Resistance members, theyre tearing through the store, interrogating the poor shoppe owner. The General holds his breath, praying they dont start going through the racks of cloth. Huxs arms are shaking from the exertion of holding himself up within the rack and he feels like he might pass out when suddenly someone calls from the front of the shoppe and the heavy footsteps of the Resistance soldiers leave. He collapses down to the floor and lies there for a moment, gasping for breath. Suddenly the alien face of the shoppe owner is peering down at him. Thinking quickly, Hux reaches up and tugs at the edge of the closest bolt of silk. Ill buy this one, he pants, glancing to the side and seeing Phasma emerge from her own hiding place. Ah good choice! The green will go well with your eyes, the shoppe owner grins and Hux hands him a stack of credits. Silently hes grateful that hes saved the money back, there is more, hidden and off the books in his quarters back on the ship. But right now hes running low. They need to get off this planet. Before it bankrupts or kills him or both. Slowly, cautiously, he and Phasma make their way back to the hanger. They dont encounter any more Resistance troops and to his relief, the platoon has been unmolested by the Resistance forces. Their take off is uneventful and Hux has never been so glad to be back in space as he is in this moment. He slumps in his seat slightly. His mind goes to the contingency plan. Would that be their life if he and Kylo ran? If they leave everything behind? Would that be everyday? Their existence spent in terror, in fleeing for their lives, lest they be gunned down? Hux doesnt want that for the Knight. And yet, there had been a few moments of peace, where he hadnt been the General of the First Order. He had just been another man, buying a union ring for his lover. If it all went to hell. If they ran, were those moments of bliss and peace worth the constant running? Were they worth living in fear? Hux didnt know. He sighed and rested his head back against the wall of the ship. Phasma came and sat down next to him. She said nothing for a time and then put a hand on Huxs shoulder. Im all in. That hasnt changed. You will always have my loyalty, General. Hux looks at her and an exhausted smile spreads across his face. Im glad to have you by my side, Captain. Give the Starkiller position some consideration, will you? I already have, and I accept your gracious offer, General, Phasma gives him a small wink. I look forward to serving under your continued leadership. --- It has been a year. At some point along the way Kylo stopped keeping track. The days and nights blend together inside the citadel. He doesnt remember eating, he doesnt speak, who is there to speak to?. His life is a haze of dreamless black sleep punctuated by exercises to strengthen his connection to the Dark Side. Some days he goes before his Master and Snoke sends him to the garden to meditate. These are good days. His Master is kind on those days. Other days the ancient being sends him into the crypts below the citadel. Kylo spends days wandering them in the darkness. He clashes with the monstrous beasts and wraiths beneath the surface and cuts them down only to have them reform under the red glow of his lightsaber. They attack him, rend his flesh, and claw at his mind. Sometimes he is able to flee. To hide himself amongst the bone and tombs of those long dead. Sometimes he cannot and they overwhelm him and Kylo screams until he is hoarse as they trample him. They never kill him though. It is an illusion, at least part of the time, this is a test. To be able to separate the real from the surreal. To guard ones mind against mental attacks that can easily overwhelm and know when to strike perfectly and cut down his enemies. He emerges from the crypts with a parched throat, staggering from exhaustion. Each time he goes down there though, he makes it a little farther. His mind becomes a little keener. There is an item waiting for you in the center of the crypts, Snoke has told him. It will give you great power. You will only be able to reach it once your abilities are honed. When you are truly of the Dark. Then, you will be worthy of such a weapon. Then there are days when his Master is in a rage and Kylo knows it, even before he goes into that chamber to kneel before him. Those are the worst days. The days that leave him bleeding and aching by Snokes hand. The days that the taste and scent of rot sticks to the top of his mouth and back of his throat and lingers, slimy and cold on his body. If his Master is extremely displeased with something then he will drag Kylo into the garden and drown him in the black pond. Will hold him under the thick sludge by the power of the Force alone until Kylos struggles cease, only to pull him back out and breathe air into his lungs, keep his soul latched inside his body. All with the power of the Force. When you truly master the Dark Side, you will be able to manipulate life itself, Snoke tells him after one such experience. You will be able to create it, even for that barren wife of yours. You will not even need to lie with her. And if you are so inclined you can save it as well. Retrieve souls before they return to the cosmic Force, wake those who lie comatose, live long beyond your normal life span and even heal. But healing I thought it was a trait of the Light Side? Kylo asks quietly from where he is kneeling in the dirt, his robes soaked and covered in foulness. Physical healing and it is pitifully limited. It is a tallow candle compared to the fire that the Dark Side offers. Snoke turns to him and regards him for a long moment. You my Apprentice, in all my years of existing, pose a conundrum to me. Master? Kylo tries to make himself as small as possible, ducking his head low to the ground. The Dark Side does not burn through your veins, it does not loose the fires of passion in you, Snoke starts to circle him. It runs cold through you, chills you. It is like Hoth instead of Mustafar. And yet your power grows. How very curious, and how good that I plucked you from Skywalkers reach. He would have killed you. Kylo doesnt respond, but huddles closer to the ground. Once he would have discovered your true power he would have not allowed you to live. You know that. You know that he would have destroyed you, called you a Sith . But you are so much more than a simple Sith. You are a true acolyte of the Dark Side, baptized in Darkness and soon it will be time for your communion. Soon you will be your own Master and take on apprentices, Snoke pauses in his circling. Does that please you my Apprentice? You are wise Master. You are kind, Kylo murmurs, slowly raising his eyes up to meet Snokes gaze. His Master grins ferally and drags Kylo up from the ground to his knees. Show me how gracious you are. --- Then one day Snoke gives him a different order. There is a corpse that I want removed from the citadel. I have not had the time to do it, take the body out into the wasteland and burn it. Yes, Master. Kylo thinks nothing of the task, and he is glad that he is not being sent down into the crypts again, or worse, having to endure his Masters temper. Snoke turns his back to him and returns to the section of the citadel he is building. There are crystals and other mechanical items mixed in with the stone that he has suspended in the air. Kylo stares at the items as his Master moves them about, focusing on them, mediating with the same focus that Kylo would use if he was constructing a lightsaber. Slowly the parts come together in a seamless design and as much as he hates his Master, Kylo has to marvel at the other beings ability. The Knight takes his leave of the chamber before his Master notices him loitering. It doesnt take him long to find the body. How he has missed it for the past year, Kylo doesnt know. It horrifies him a little bit even, had his Master hidden the corpse away until now? Was this another test? Slowly he kneels, and gathers the corpse up in his arms. Im so sorry, he whispers to her. The body does not give him any response as he stands. In the past year her corpse has become shrunken and leather-like, her bodily fluids having drained from the massive wound in her chest. A lump wells up in his throat as he carries her out of the citadel. Beyond its gates and into the wasteland that surrounds it. He walks for hours. He wants her to be as far away from his Master as possible. It isnt your fault, little supernovae, his teachers voice echoes around him and Kylo falls to his knees sobbing, hugging the body against his chest. His teacher, the woman who had been so kind to him, who had taught him so much, she had died in such an awful, brutal way. Im sorry! Im sorry! he sobs. If he had been stronger, than she would have never felt the need to protect him! If he had been stronger she would have never died! His mother would have never lost the baby! He could have saved people! Its all my fault! Im so sorry! he wails into the dusty wasteland. Into the empty space, into the void. His very soul aches at the painful reminder of what hes lost. Of having everything torn from his grasp. Kylo, Shelish materializes before him, her ghostly fingers stroking his tears away. You cannot save everyone- I couldnt save ANYONE! Im too weak! he sobs. Im always too weak! Kylo, Shelish sighs and looks down at the remains of her body. Little supernovae, listen to me. He finally raises his eyes to meet hers. I am glad to have known you. To have had the privilege of training you. Do not despair. Do not weep, not for me, she smiles faintly. It is time. This is the end. She cannot stay indefinitely, no one ever can. Sith and Jedi, Dark and Light, eventually all return to the Force. Perhaps they will see glimpses of each other in the future, in dreamscapes and meditations. But for now, he must let her go. No. No dont say that! he knows, just as well as she does that this is the end. That hell never see her again. Remember that dream Kylo. Remember that garden and all its thousands upon thousands of possibilities. Remember to be kind and have compassion. But most importantly, my precious supernovae, she leans forward and places a ghostly kiss his forehead. He feels both chilled and warmed at the same time. Remember that you are loved. No one, not Skywalker, not Snoke, can take that from you. Please dont go. Dont make me do this! he begs her. Hell trade anything. Kylo just doesnt want to be alone anymore. Locked away in this awful nightmare. Facing this torment. He wails, pleads and screams until his throat aches and his body has no energy left. But in the end he burns her body. He stands, watching the flames lick the night sky as they reach their highest point. The heat from the fire makes him sweat and for a long moment he considers throwing himself onto the small pyre and letting the flames consume him as well. But he doesnt. The Force Ghost of his teacher stands by his side until the last ember has gone out and the sun peeks over the horizon. He looks at her one last time, blinking through his tears. She smiles at him and then she is gone and he is alone in the windy wasteland. A small part of himself dies then and he sinks back to the ground, his fingers digging into the ash and barely cooled embers. His fists clench and the fragile fragments that remain turn to dust. Not even her bones are left. Kylo doesnt have the strength to cry anymore and is seized by a sudden fervor. He grabs handfuls of ash and smears it all over his face, rubbing it into his hair, over the torn neck of his robes. How long had he worn these clothes? When had he last bathed? Last eaten? Last had water? The dust makes him cough violently and in the distance a thunderhead rumbles. The Knight collapses entirely, lying in his teachers ashes. His eyes glazed, his mind in a place that is far, far away, consumed by blankness. By nothing. He doesnt react as the clouds roll in, as lightning strikes nearby. When the hail starts to fall he merely rolls onto his side and lets it cover him. He revels in its cold embrace. The rain comes next, washing away ice and ash and turning the landscape muddy. Slowly Kylo pushes himself up to his hands and knees, tilting his head back and letting the rain fall into his mouth. It is cold and bitter tasting but right now it is the best thing in the entire galaxy and Kylo drinks his fill. Eventually he stands on shaky legs and starts the long walk back to the citadel. It rains the entire way back. It is still raining when he curls up in the dark corner of his room and sleep drags him down into the abyss. --- The Nightsister paced. Her image fritzed and fractured as the transmission encountered static, then slowly stabilized. Shelish raised her eyes to look at who she was addressing. If you are getting this transmission then I have left this realm. I have fallen at Snokes hand and she swallows heavily. Kylo is in great danger. The Galaxy itself is in danger. She pauses, her brow wrinkling before she starts to pace again. She is anxious, agitated, the Force moves about, surrounding her body in a black mist that rolls off her being. What I am about to tell you must be kept in the utmost confidence, she looks back at the person she is addressing. I trust you, I tell you because I know that you will not go heroically running off to your death. Because I know that you will not let your heart drive you into a suicidal mission against a monster that none of us can defeat. Shelish looks away again and then sighs heavily. She is tired, so very tired, and her weariness shows through here. War has aged her very soul in a terrible way. Slowly the Nightsister sinks to the floor, dropping into a low crouch. I have found Snokes citadel. It is hidden from those of you who are Force Blind, all the trackers in the Galaxy would not be able to find it. It is a terrible place, just on the edge of nothing... These are its coordinates, she waves a hand and a map of the star system appears behind her, zeroing in on a tiny part of the Unknown Regions. A part with no name. No trade routes. Isolated and cut off from everything. No matter what happens, you must keep these coordinates secret. You must let no one see them or ever know that you have received this transmission until the time is right, the Nightsister looks up from where she is crouched, her fingers going to massage at her temples. And by the Maker I wish I could tell you when that would be. I wish I could tell you that this will be easy, that the path laid out before all of you would be simple and uncomplicated. I wish I could tell you that there is a happy ending to this story. She rises and takes a step forward. But I will not lie to you. The journey ahead will be rife with struggle and you will question everything you know, tears will the witchs eyes. How long had it been since she had cried? Since she herself had mourned. There are no easy choices, young one. No good choices. Beings like us, we dont get it that easy. And I fear for what the future holds for my student. I tremble at the thought of the trials he must still endure, of what Snoke will do to him. Of what the Resistance will do to him. Shelish weaves back and forth for a moment, as if she may pass out where she stands. I will buy you all the time I can. But I cannot stop the inevitable. Kylos return to his Master is unavoidable. No matter what is said or done, nothing can stop it. And you you must not let his Light go out! You must make sure that he and his General stay alive! That they do not lose themselves as so many have in the wars of the past. They must remember to have hope! Her tone becomes desperate. She sounds almost like a mother begging for her child, so unlike the mystical being that had left the ship. I know this is a great and terrible burden to place upon you Eferhild Phasma. But you and you alone are the one I place this awful confidence in. That you will keep my student safe. That you will make sure that his General does not lose his mind as he descends down his own dark path in an effort to make things right. You must be strong, the voice of reason and compassion when they lose their ways. For they will become so lost. And if we lose Kylo, we have lost everything. The Void will consume the entire Galaxy. Dark Side, Light Side, it matters not to the Great Devourer. She falls silent for agonizingly long minutes before finally speaking again. Please, dont let that monster win. The hologram goes dark and Phasma picks up the projector, holding it tightly in her hand. Shed held onto it for over a year. Since the night that Kylo had realized that Shelish had died. The Captain had found it in her quarters, hidden carefully away. Her first reflex had been to take it directly to Hux. This sort of information was far above her pay grade. It was too valuable, too important to be sat upon some shelf to wait on the cosmos aligning. Yet she hadnt. Instead shed watched it a second time. And a third, desperately trying to understand the language, the meaning behind the witchs words. Trying to pick up on any clue, any nuances. And then shed watched it a fourth time. A fifth time. She started to obsess over it. Started to use her free time to dig through ancient Imperial archives. Bit by bit she had come to the realization that Shelish had known to some extent that Ren would be captured by the Resistance. If the Nightsister had known the details or the exact events was unlikely. Kylo had tried to explain his Force Visions to her, that they were more puzzle and gut feeling than clear cut projections. The more she listen to the recording play over and over the more it was starting to sound like this Void, this Devourer and Snoke were all one in the same. It elevated the already terrifying being to some sort of boogeyman status. A creep in the night that stories and legends were told about. It was too unreal. Such beings didnt exist. Did they? Then again she had seen Kylo perform feats that defied logic with the use of the invisible and all powerful Force and she herself had been able to counter his every move by simply canceling his power out. Who was to say that there wasnt some sort of terrible creature lurking in the shadows, just waiting for the Galaxy to fall into discord. Perhaps even helping it along. She never had been very clear on exactly how Snoke had come to essentially lead the First Order nor what he did in his position to contribute to the organization. He had just always been there, and no one could quite seem to remember when he had appeared. The thought chilled her in a way that shed never felt before. Made her sick to her stomach. Snoke really was... The Captain slipped the holo projector into the drawer in her nightstand, carefully hiding it under a layer of socks and underwear. She was trembling slightly. Worry consumed her. They hadnt heard from Ren, save for that distressing holocall from Ashara. They were in the dark about Kylo, out of reach, out of range. She understood the agony that Hux was going through, the worry about what was happening to the Knight. How she longed to let Hux see the transmission. He blamed himself for all of this but it wasnt his fault! That it had been unavoidable! That nothing he could have done would have prevented this! But no. She had to hold her tongue. To sit in maddening silence. She trusted the Nightsister, Shelish could see further than any of them could. Knew more, she would not have purposely misguided the student she had treasured so dearly. But still, confidence took its toll. It was all she could do to make sure that Hux held on. That he didnt drive himself to madness with his plans and schemes and dreams. That he held onto hope. They take coffee together sometimes or a glass of wine in the evenings, sitting in the atrium and gazing out into space. Sometimes they talk, usually they dont. More often than not it is Phasma who reaches out to the little island that the General has become. She puts a hand on his shoulder and gives it a light squeeze. Itll be all right, Fae, she tells him. Sometimes he shrugs her hand off. Sometimes he puts a hand over hers and holds onto it for dear life. If hes had an exceptionally unforgiving day his breathing will stutter and his entire body trembles with unvoiced emotions. But her General doesnt cry, not once. One night however there is no wine and no coffee. Just Hux staring out into the stars, his vapor stick in hand. A small haze fills the space around him and Phasma moves to stand next to him, an arms length apart, a respectable distance, giving him space. She wishes she had one of her clove smokes with her right now. The Captain turns to Hux to ask him if she can take a pull from his and finds that hes closed the space between them, still staring intently out into the stars, eyes forward, expression intense and grim. She can see now that his hands are trembling, even as he grips the railing tightly and takes a pull from the stick. Fae? she asks quietly. He doesnt reply except to let out a long, heavy sigh, his shoulders hunching and head bowing. Slowly he leans over until he is pressing his shoulder against hers. Phasma stares at him, not sure what to make of this. General Hux of the First Order is trembling and leaning against her like a distressed puppy. Cautiously, slowly, she reached her arm closest to him out and wrapped it around him. He didnt protest, but a small noise left his throat. A cut off cry, a noise of pain that had been aborted. Phasma sighed quietly and turned, taking her other arm now and wrapping it around the General. She hugged him against her and he shook , his breath coming in massive gulps as he tried to keep himself in some semblance of composure. If you need a hug you can just ask for one you know, Phasma chides him gently, giving him an extra squeeze. He isnt returning the gesture, his own arms are crossed over his chest, clutching at his shirt as his breathing gradually slows. When he finally pulls away from her, he cant meet her eyes. Asking for help doesnt come easy for the General, and she wont press him further. But he does offer her his vapor stick, which she accepts. As she takes a pull from it and exhales the cloud of fruit tasting vapor Phasma hears him quietly murmur: Thank you, Phas. They spar sometimes still or train their troopers together. Phasma starts to help him to further develop the Stormtrooper training program on Starkiller. He seems to do better when she interacts with him more, sometimes she even sees him smile. Having seen him buy the rings though, that gives her more hope than shes felt in a long time. She cant reach Kylo. No one can anymore. But Phasma will be damned if she allows Hux work himself to death. So long as he doesnt give up, so long as he has hope and Kylo can come home to that, then that is all that matters. If they are strong for him, if they can count on each other, then they will succeed. They will be unstoppable, no matter what monster they face. Phasma sighs and steps into the bathroom to splash water on her face. Dont lose hope, she tells herself in the mirror. Dont give up. Someone has to keep these stupid boys in line. Someone has to look after them. Keep them alive, take care of them. She is almost certain she feels a hand on her shoulder and someone nodding in approval, but she is alone. Even if it was a Force Ghost, she wouldnt be able to see it, Kylo had told her as much. Those who were Force Blind couldnt see them, couldnt interact with them. But that didnt make the sensation of being watched over any less vivid. The Captain takes comfort in it as she walks back to her bed and falls asleep. --- She awoke feeling ill. It had been a little over a year and a half since theyd left. Progress has been slow but steady, it helped to loiter among the people, to take a more subtle approach, one of tact. It was different then the open political debates that her family had engaged in. A different sort of politics. But Ashara was a fast learner and her compassion was genuine. She wanted to know all about the people on the planets they visited, all about their customs, their tribulations and passions. The more she knew, the more ways she could find ways to help, could make suggestions to Hux in her reports, could find new angles to approach the people with. More ways to draw in support for the First Order. But that was the furthest thing from her mind right now as she retched into the toilet. Dopheld was still sleeping, thank the Maker. She spat in the sink and rinsed her mouth out. Her hands were trembling and her normally dark orange-red skin had paled. Was she sick? Had she eaten something the other day when she had been at the planets marketplace that had not agreed with her? No, if it was food poisoning it would have shown up before now, surely. Her stomach lurched again and she put a hand to her mouth, willing herself not to dive for the commode again. Was she pregnant? Her eyes went wide at the realization. Could she be? She knew the chances of actually conceiving a mixed species child were low, she had been hoping beyond hope that she might be able to. No matter what it took, no matter when it happened. The Togrutas hands were trembling as she gripped the sink. A test. She needed a pregnancy test. The small shuttles they had come on had a tiny medical clinic and some supplies but it was geared towards their troopers, not towards pregnancies. But she had seen a pharmacy in the marketplace, she could run down and get one Ashara glanced at the clock. It was an absurd 0537 hours. Dopheld would not wake for a little longer. She didnt need to present her speech until 1000. She had time. Slipping as quietly as she could back into their bedroom, the Torgruta pulled off her sheer camisole and traded it for one of her long white gowns. With shaking fingers she secured the gold colored fabric belt around her waist and pulled on a pair of soft soled slippers. Her hands paused over her stomach. Was there life there? Had they really been able to? Ashara gave herself a shake. She would know soon. Leaning down she pressed a kiss to Dophelds temple and hurried out of the room. It took her only a moment to find a few of their troopers who were on sentry duty. TY-9940, she addressed one of the troopers, humming quietly as she did. I need you to accompany me on an errand, if you have the time. Their troopers were kind and they liked her husband quite well, they listened and seemed to have a soft spot for her. Which she didnt mind, but it never hurt to be respectful. These men and women, although in service to the Order, had their lives on the line to protect them. Had come on this insane campaign with them. Ashara admired them, even if their loyalty was conditioned. Perhaps one day conditioning would not be necessary. One day people would see that the Order was the best chance the Galaxy had at peace. But that day was far away she knew. If she was lucky, their child would be able to grow up in such a place. --- She paced the small bathroom. The Togruta had bought three different tests, one more primitive than the others, much to her dislike, but the pharmacist had said that it tended to be more accurate. Now the only thing left to do was wait. Ashara glanced at the clock. 0730. She had to wait two more minutes. There was a knock on the bathroom door. Ashara? her husbands concerned voice came from the other side of the metal door. Are you alright? Why is the door locked? I-Im fine! she tried to make her voice as calm as she could. To act as inconspicuous as she could. No sense in making a grand fuss if it was just an upset stomach. No sense in worrying The Togruta glanced at the three tests she had lined up on the bathroom counter. She looked at the boxes again. Had she done it correctly? Had she missed an instruction. Are you certain? Can I get you anything? Dopheld asked, his voice betraying his worry. Ashara sighed heavily and hummed in frustration, trying her best to keep her anxiety from becoming rudeness. I promise beloved, Im fine! Ill just be another minute! There was a pause. Then her husband spoke again. Oh. Okay. He sounded upset, like hed had seen someone kick a puppy. There was the sound of his footsteps walking away from the door and Ashara let out a breath of relief. She glanced down at the tests again, their colors had started to show. With a trembling hand she grabbed the boxes and looked at them again. Plus is pregnant, blue is pregnant, a smiley face is pregnant, she whispered to herself as she looked down at the tests. Plus, blue, smiley face. Plus, blue, smiley face. Ashara stared down at the tests, holding her breath. Then she let it go in a rush, a smile breaking out onto her face: all three tests were positive. She was pregnant! She was pregnant! Nervousness seized her. How would she tell Dopheld? What would he say? They had talked, years ago, about having children. But so much had happened since then. And now, with their campaign barely started, was this the best choice? The wisest? In a fit of nerves she grabbed the tests and buried them and their boxes at the bottom of the waste bin. She couldnt tell him. Not yet. Not now. Even so, her hands rested on her flat stomach. Pregnant. She had been able to conceive, against all odds. The baby had to be tiny right now. Probably not even the size of the tip of her finger. Just a few cells, not even recognizable as a human or a Togruta. But that would change soon. It would take a bit longer, shed looked into interspecies pregnancies when their engagement had been announced by their parents. Nearly eleven months before she could deliver the child and the stakes would be high. She would have to be so careful, to monitor everything she ate to make sure the child got the right nutrition, would have to be mindful of her own iron levels and make sure she stayed in good health. Coffee. Oh Maker she couldnt have coffee anymore! There were so many things! It was overwhelming and she slowly sank to the floor of the small bathroom, her head in her hands. What was she going to do? --- It was another forty minutes before Ashara emerged from the bathroom. Mitaka looked up at her, worry on his face. She had left their bed early in the morning, hed felt her kiss on his temple and reached to cuddle her only to find her spot in the bed empty. Then when she had returned from wherever she had done, the Togruta had promptly locked herself in the bathroom. She had insisted that nothing was wrong. But Mitaka didnt believe her for a second. Ashara never acted like this! He wasnt sure if he had done something, or some outside incident had occurred, but that she was so distressed worried him. Ashara took her place at the small table to have breakfast with him. She looked ill, like something had turned her stomach and only picked at her food. Beloved? he reached out and lightly rested his hand over her flesh one giving it the gentlest of squeezes. Should they postpone her speech? She looked so unwell! She was trembling! Im fine, she whispered tightly, glancing at him and giving him a smile that didnt reach her eyes. It was her brave smile, the one she gave him every time he had to go back to the Academy after holiday leave. The one that said she was hurting incredibly but didnt want to worry him. That she was being strong, not just for him, but for both of them. Ashara, Mitaka bit lip and sighed. At least have some coffee before you go before the people? If nothing else he could load it up with cream and sugar and make sure she didnt faint from lack of eating. The Togrutas mouth worked for a moment and then she swallowed heavily, pushing her plate away. She looked very much like she was on the verge of being ill. Mitaka watched helplessly as she shook her head, putting her hands to her face to hide her expression. The Lieutenant moved them, getting up from his seat and crouching at her side next to her chair. Gently, he pulls her hands away from her face. This is so unlike her, it worries him, scares him. Ashara, please, he begs her to tell him. To trust him. No matter what it is, no matter what happened, after all theyve struggled through, there is nothing they cannot face! She takes a deep breath, her hands clenching his tightly and slowly slides his hands so they rest on her stomach. Mitaka blinks, confused. He doesnt understand. What is she doing? His wife is staring at him with more fear and anxiety than hes seen in a long time. Desperately he racks his brain, trying to understand what she cant or is too afraid to vocalize to him. He looks at her stomach, at how her hands cradle his. There is a tenderness in the gesture, a sweetness there, as if she is guarding something so very fragile and precious It clicks and Mitakas jaw drops. For a second the entire Galaxy stops. Youre pregnant? he asks in a whisper. She nods, still looking terrified. Are are you certain? I took three different tests, she whispered. I am. Absurd relief floods the Lieutenant, followed immediately by joy. He laughs softly and stands, pulling her up into his arms and swinging her around. Youre pregnant! Thats amazing! Thats wonderful! hes laughing and crying at the same time and then kissing her. Im the luckiest man in the Galaxy! Hes smiling ear to ear when he sets her down and finally, finally Ashara is smiling as well. You youre alright with this? Even if weve only started our tour? Of course I am! Ashara Im the happiest man alive right now! This, oh Maker this is amazing! Mitaka cant stop smiling, his cheeks are hurting from it but he doesnt care. Hes going to be a father! Theyll be parents! They will be able to raise their child in a better time than they grew up in! I love you! he tells her, kissing her again and this time her arms go around him. I love you so much! Mitaka rests a hand on her stomach again. How long? Nearly a year, we have time to make changes, adjustments. We have time, she smiles at him and kisses him back. Im so lucky to have you my brave Lieutenant. When will we know if its a boy or girl? Or what theyll look like? What features theyll get from either of us? he asked eagerly. They would have to find doctors on the worlds visited who could check the health of the baby. They would have to be even more careful now. More wary of the Resistance. Does it matter? I know dont care. I just want the baby healthy. I just want them to grow up in a good place. In a time of peace, her hands rested over his. Isnt that what you want? Of course! He doesnt really care one way or the other about who the child takes after more, nor what their sex is, hes just so overwhelmed. So excited and scared all at the same time. No wonder she had locked herself in the bathroom for so long! Part of him cant believe that this is real. That this is happening. Its really happening! Theyll have their own family! Theyll return to Hux and Ren with a child! Would would Ashara be allowed to stay on board with him or would she have to go elsewhere? A Star Destroyer really wasnt a good place to raise a child, but where could she go? His parents estate was halfway across the Galaxy. His parents! He had to tell his parents! Would the child be He looked at Ashara. What Ematt had subjected her to, what hed put her through, would that affect their child? He bit his lip. Kylo would know, he could trust Kylo. The Knight would be able to sense it probably. When they got back they could ask. But that was years away. They had time. All the time in the Galaxy. He leaned down and kissed Ashara again, hugging her tightly. You are my greatest gift, I love you Ashara and I will love whatever child we bring into this world. --- The speech had gone well. Dizzyingly well, the crowd had hinged on her every word. Their emotions had been warm, hopeful and excited. It was breathtaking. Exhilarating. Ashara had harbored her suspicions, had shared her fears with Mitaka aboard the old Star Destroyer. About the tests that Ematt had done on her. How they had affected her, changed her. Shed not exactly lied to Lord Ren when hed asked. Shed told him the truth, just omitted her fears. That night that the ghost of the Dathomirian witch had appeared before the Togruta had confirmed it. She found that this subtle power gave her an advantage at the podium. She could fine tune her approach, could change her pitch, just enough to win people over. This power amplified her hummings effect, a trick shed discovered long before being taken hostage. But never had she imagined that it would open the Galaxy to her like this. That she would be able to sense so many different things. It was distracting sometimes and took great focus to drown out the background noise, but it was doable. She spoke with the planets leaders after the speech, Mitaka at her elbow and some of their troopers nearby. The leaders were interested in treating with the First Order. In working together. Changing things. The excitement was so thick, so intense and she was so focused on their conversation that she almost missed the warning that rang out through her mind like a flare fired at close range. DANGER! Look out! She barely had time to jerk back. Dopheld was grabbing her arm and pulling her back and away. The planet leaders were ducking down, people were screaming all around them. Asharas hand went to her hip to draw her blaster and Dopheld was drawing his own, shouting orders at their troopers to protect the politicians as he pulls her back from the chaos. He steps forward, putting himself in front of her, an expression of fierce determination on his face. Thats when the second round of firing rang out through the crowd. Her husband froze, eyes wide. He staggered and then fell. DOPHELD! she screamed, crouching next to him. He was coughing and gasping for breath, two poorly aimed shots had landed on him instead of her. He had put himself in the way, between her and the danger. One shot had grazed his side and the other had hit him in the chest, both were bleeding profusely. Quickly she tore at the length of her gown, wadding the fabric up and pressing it over the wounds to try to staunch the bleeding. The troopers were moving around them and she looked up, black eyes scanning the crowd of people running frantically around them. Then she saw them. The Resistance soldiers who were so boldly moving towards them. They are few in number, nearly matching their own Stormtroopers man for man. Alpha box formation! she screams at the Stormtroopers. Medic! The medic trooper rushes over and crouches next to the bleeding Lieutenant. Ashara stands, even as her husband tries to protest. Her blaster is clenched tightly in her robotic hand, her mind racing over the tactics that she had picked up, that she had learned from watching their practice skirmishes. Orders maam? the platoon leader looks back at her. If we engage them in an open fire fight we could harm civilians, damage property. Ashara grits her teeth. She doesnt know what to do! But there isnt time to make waste! They must engage them! Vee formation! Blasters to stun! She orders, moving to the front of the line with the troopers. Dopheld had protected her, taken blaster bolts for her. For their future. Their child. We shall not be intimidated by the loathsome Resistance! Move! Ensure the leaders are defended! The troopers follow orders, flowing around her. The Resistance breaks formation first, they have no discipline, no training. Ashara makes sure her own blaster is on its nonlethal setting. She will not have the Resistance murdered, not here when they could make an example of them. When they could show the people that the Republic supported terrorists. A few soldiers breaking through their lines. It is chaos, civilians get in the way, there is smoke and dust and people screaming. Ashara finds herself face to face with a burly alien that swings at her and sends her flying backwards nearly ten feet before she hits the ground hard. The wind is knocked out of her and she gasps for breath, hastily rolling out of the way as the creature makes to stomp her. She scrambles to get to her feet when a blow connects with her stomach and her eyes go wide. No! Ashara crumples to the ground. The alien above her roars in victory and suddenly more Resistance fighters come out of the woodwork. Desperately she opens fire on the being above her. She shoots and shoots but the alien doesnt fall. It is a heavier blast that takes it down, sending the alien staggering backwards and to the ground. Suddenly Dopheld is pulling her up. Doph- Battle stimulant, he explains hastily. His wound has a makeshift bandage on it and his pupils and massively dilated. Im not leaving your side. He moves then, putting himself once more between her and the worst of the blaster fire. Hes yelling orders to the troopers and they close ranks. Dopheld takes Asharas hand and they stand together, husband and wife, Lieutenant and politician and they fight. It feels like it lasts for hours, but it can hardly be more than twenty minutes. When the last of the Resistance soldiers has been neutralized. When the local law enforcement finally emerges to put the soldiers in cuffs and take statements from everyone. Her body feels heavy and her heart is racing when she holsters her blaster. Doph, we need to get you to a hospital. These wounds are bad, Ashara worries at the bacta patches that are holding her husband together. What about you? Are you okay? Did they hurt you? he puts his hands on her shoulders. Im fine, youre the one bleed her voice trails off as the world becomes fuzzy to her. Pain shoots up through her spine. Her stomach cramps. If feels like a rancor is chewing on it. Ashara? Ashara! Dopheld puts a hand on her shoulder and that is the last thing she remembers. --- The doctors tell him there was nothing they could do. There is no preventing miscarriages, no stopping them once they start. Even if they could the risk of damage to the embryo would have been horrific. Even if she could have managed to keep the pregnancy, the child would have likely died within a few days of birth. Interspecies pregnancies are fraught with risk, they tell him. Most of them, forty-six percent, even with the best chromosome matches, the best precautions taken, end in a miscarriage. How is it, Mitaka asks quietly. That we have some of the most amazing tech in the Galaxy, we can leap across star systems, we can create an entire plethora of robotic limbs, but we cannot save a babys life? Sir, it was hardly a baby, it was only cells. Its nerves hadnt even developed yet. It probably didnt feel any pain- Dont patronize me! Mitaka snaps, fury coils inside him like hes never felt before. Life is not easy to manipulate, the doctor tells him. Even the Kamino cloning labs struggled to create life, to mimic how it exists in nature. It is not as easy to do this. It is a delicate process, one fraught with peril. If is a small miracle that any of us as a species was even ever able to evolve as we have- Let me see my wife, Mitaka doesnt want a lecture. He doesnt want to hear anymore. His child his dead, his wife unconscious. It doesnt matter how tiny it was, even if it was just a collection of cells, barely a spec on a petri dish. It had been their child, their baby. Their future. The doctors take him to the room and leave him alone with the unconscious Togruta. Wearily Mitaka comms a few orders to his troopers and collapses into the seat by Asharas bedside. He watches her breathe, consumed with worry. Finally she opens her eyes. Doph, she reaches for him and he scoots the chair closer and takes her hand. Im here. What happened? she asks quietly. Did did I lose the baby? He is quiet, but then nods. The doctors said there was nothing they could do. His heart breaks for her. Im sorry, Im so sorry Ashara! If I had just been faster . He groans. Doph, she squeezes his hand. I dont blame you. He swallows heavily and cant help the sniffle that escapes him. Mitaka looks at his wife, she seems impossibly small in the bed and looks so drained. Mitaka gets up and crawls onto the bed, pulling her close. His bandaged wounds protest, but he ignores the pain and hugs his wife against him. I love you. Ill never stop loving you. And Ill never forgive the Resistance for what they did to you. Well stop them, I swear it! Ashara holds tightly to him and he hears he quietly sigh, her body relaxing against his, snuggling closer to him. Dearest Dopheld. My brave lieutenant, she murmurs and then shes asleep again, utterly exhausted. --- General Organa, our assassins failed. Damn it! Leia rested her head in her hands. How many survived? Actually, all of them. What? That couldnt be right, the First Order was not merciful. They didnt take prisoners, certainly not ones that had just tried to assassinate one of their key players. This Togruta woman, she was a problem. She was spreading discourse through the systems. Making false promises about the First Order, attempting to start a coupe that could undo the Republic at its already very shaky seams. Spreading lies about the Resistance. About all the work that Leia had done. All she had struggled for, fought for. There was no reasoning with these sorts of people. These political type who had no qualms spreading discord amongst the people. They were the same types that had given the Emperor his rise to power. She would be damned if she let another smooth talking villain take what so many had fought and died for. The target was hospitalized,- Finally some good news, can we get someone inside the hospital to finish the job? However, she was released a few days ago. We cant get a hold of her records, and weve been banned from the planet, the leaders settled on an agreement with the First Order. Theyre sending our soldiers back via armed escort. Leia swore again, pacing her office. Do you have anything else to report Major Ematt? The amount of potentially Force-Sensitive children being abducted has escalated at an astonishing rate in these past few months. I am worried that Kylo Ren is behind this. What could he want with children? There are no bodies being found? No ransom? Anything? None that we can find maam. They simply vanish. Taken by beings in masks and dark cloaks. Leia sits down heavily in her chair, head in her hands. What was Ben doing? How had this all gone so wrong? Was was this Snokes design? What terrible things was her son doing? Why? Why would he go and hurt children like this? Why would he kill so many? What did it gain him? Or Did it gain Snoke something? Was this some sort of strange child sacrifice? Something from the Dark Sides occult practices? General Organa, if there is anything I can do- That will be all Major. Leia needs him gone. Needs time to think. Needs quiet. I swear to you, I will not let him get away with this! None of them will! Ematts voice is filled with conviction. For what they did to your family, killing your son and now these other families, no. Kylo Ren will pay, the First Order will pay! They will never come to power! Enough! Leia snaps and the older man falls silent, but simmers with rage. Thank you Ematt, she looks up at him. Youve been tremendously supportive. I trust you, I know that youll do everything in your power to make sure the First Order doesnt succeed. He leaves her then and Leia leans back in her office chair, staring up at the ceiling. She tries, for just a moment to reach out, to touch her son. But she only encounters a frigid wall. He is blocking her. At least she thinks he is. Her reach was never like that of Lukes. But still she has to try. Leia focuses, envisioning her son from the last time she saw him. How much hed changed, grown from when he was not even ten. From when shed sent him away. Ben, she whispered. Her Ben would never harm children. Would never kill. What has Snoke turned you into? Why wouldnt you just come home? What did Snoke promise you that was worth losing everything? Cold silence is the only answer she gets. --- Kylo lies on the floor of that cold room in the citadel tower. He doesnt know what woke him and desperately wishes he could fall back asleep. Could dip back down into that mindless nothing, where there were no dreams, no one to disappoint, no one to fail. His bones ache, his muscles scream in protest as he tries to move. His face has become covered with an unruly black beard, his hair has gotten long and matted. Kylo doesnt know what he looks like anymore, hes forgotten the sight of his own face. All he knows is that there are two things: pain and not pain. He is confused right now, because he is in a great deal of pain, despite that hes not done anything wrong. Hes not disobeyed his master, hes not supposed to hurt if he does what his master tells him right? With a small groan he sits up. The Force moves around him, cold and dark, embracing him and he starts to rock where he sits as he feels it crone wordless promises of power in his ears. Power. Yes. If he gets strong enough. He can surpass Vader, he can destroy Snoke. Just like that vision promised him all those years ago. The night before Snoke had found him, Ben had a terrible nightmare. Hed seen a slave boy on Tatooine, strong in the Force, groomed by the Jedi to become a great general. Then it had all gone wrong. He couldnt save his mother, he needed to become stronger. A new master had appeared before him, promised him power, strength to save his beloved wife and the children she carried within her. So the Jedi had fallen to the Dark Side. Yet he hadnt been strong enough, even with the Darkness. He couldnt protect his secret wife, or their children. Bens young heart had ached for this Jedi. He knew what that was like to fail to protect those you loved. In the end the Sith Lord had fallen, turning on his Dark Master, too little too late. He had lost everything. The legacy of Darth Vader, once Anakin Skywalker, would repeat itself again, in him, because that Dark Power flowed through Ben Organa-Solos viens. You can sometimes outrun destiny, genetics however, were an entirely different matter. But Ben Ben had potential He could do better than Vader. He could surpass his progenitor. Luke Skywalker had no sons, and Leia Organa had not developed her Force skills, it fell upon Ben to carry this heavy mantle. It was his responsibility to do so. To prove the Galaxy wrong. To show them what real power could do. In order to do that however, he needed a teacher. Someone who knew the dark ways of the Force. Someone who guide him. The next night, Snoke had found him, digging through a refuse bin for scraps and took him in, promised him great things. He can be strong. Become strong. The Sith had the ridiculous practice of killing their masters, Snoke did away with that. He was no Sith, simply a Force user. A powerful one, ancient and well versed in the Dark Side of the Force. Ben had thought it odd however as the years went on, that his Master held on to many of the tenants of the Sith, especially the path that led to power within the Dark Side. He made the decision long ago. The night hed killed all of his uncles apprentices. Set fire to that building and watched it burn with anxiety pooling in his stomach. Snoke was manipulating him, was going to push him, but hold back bits of knowledge from him. Key pieces that would make Kylo stronger and able to destroy his Master. In that moment as the fire danced around him, it was all stunningly clear: Kylo had to kill his master. That happened sometimes. When he had been away, out of his Masters reach for long periods of time, distance and time made Snokes strangle hold on him loosen, weaken. It would feel as though air was suddenly breathed into his lungs again. The fog cleared from his mind. And he knew . He knew , he realized, what was happening. What was being done to him. As soon as it would happen though, Snoke would pull him back in. And Kylo would quiver and kneel before his cruel Master. Over the years, he had learned to lock his thoughts away. It had taken a few disastrously unsuccessful attempts, ones that had left him broken and bleeding at his Masters hand as punishment, his mind in tatters as he sobbed on the floor. But finally, he had managed to hide his true thoughts from Snoke. It had saved his mothers life when hes been sent to DQar a second time. Had saved Huxs life as well as Phasmas. It had saved his own, miserable, unworthy life. Locking away his love, the strange light that was within him and everything he held sacred, and forgetting about it. Burying it deep down inside himself. Retrieving it was harder though. How many years had it taken Hux and their friends to slowly undo even a fraction of the damage Snoke had done? To make even a tiny crack the terrible conditioning that had a strangle hold on him? And oh how it had hurt! The nightmares, the pain! But the rewards had been so great. Huxs love, his touch, his words and those mind blowing moments of pleasure that had left Kylos legs shaking and heart racing. The fierce friendship of Phasma and Mitaka and later, Ashara. Their affection, their kindness and trust. But fear is a powerful motivator. Fear is what brought Kylo back here. No one is exempt from it, not even Hux. Fear can cripple, can outweigh anger and hatred. Fear consumes his being, even on the good days when hed been lying in Huxs arms on the Star Destroyer, light years and months away from his Master, fear has its hooks in the back of his mind. The knowledge, the re-realization of all of this, terrifies him. Even now though, with it all locked away, hidden safely. Part of Kylo remembers, part of him knows that Snoke hurts him. That he is just a cog in his Masters grand designs. He doesnt remember when he realized it, perhaps it had been when Snoke had first ordered him to bring Force-Sensitive children to him. Snoke was looking for others, he didnt believe that Kylo would amount to anything. He thought Kylo was weak, and yet without any other options presenting themselves, he was stuck with him. Slowly Kylo rocks, arms wrapping around himself in a gesture of self-comfort. He feels weak, shaky. As if hes just climbed up a sheer cliff face. His clothes feel too big, loose and beneath them he can feel his body. What had once been solid, what he had worked so hard to recover after what the Resistance did to him, has all slowly wasted away. When had he last eaten? He cant remember. The last water he can remember having was months ago when the storm had rained down upon him after hed burned the Nightsisters body. What was happening to him? When had he last bathed? Was was he in the same robes still that hed been in when hed landed on the planet a year and a half ago? He looked down at his hands, still gloved and slowly pulled the worn and hole filled leave off. Pale flesh showed beneath them. His hands. Still human. Still his. But they shook. How long had it been since hed last see his own skin? Kylo pushed himself to his feet, breath coming in fast panicked gulps as he pulled at his lays of robes. The fabric fell away, tearing easily, almost deteriorating under his rough treatment. It was all thread bare, and reeked of sweat, blood and foulness. The same clothes.. Hed been wearing them, even as they started to rot off his body. That was right. Hed not been permitted to bring any of his supplies from his ship. Just told to come before his Master with the clothes on his back and his lightsaber. And so hed obeyed. So gripped by fear, so terrified, yet determined. What he had not been expecting as the last of his rags fell away was his body beneath. Too thin. Too pale. Twisted almost. Contorted into something monstrous. Just like his Master. Kylo stares down at himself. At his scars and his bones pressing against his flesh. His eyes wide. A scream leaves him. Snoke is twisting him. Turning him into a monster. Just as he is. The realization seizes Kylo with terror and he cant stop screaming. His eyes squeeze shut and he staggers back against the cold wall of his room, wailing in anguish. No, he whimpers. No! No! Kylo doesnt know who hes begging with, pleading with. He cant hide from the sight of himself. Not from his own body, exposed and bare. Scars and pale flesh, distorted and twisted. Hunger shoots through him then and Kylo gasps. How has he gone this long? How? He slides down the wall, shuddering and shivering. How? How? How? The Force. He remembers on DQar how he had not felt hunger or thirst for so long because he was so deeply communing with the planets life Force. It had given him such great strength. Had had that happened here? How, how had it lasted for so long? In a place like this? How on this dead place that takes all life, sucking it into dry husks? He lies there, whimpering. Trying to process all of this. Does this mean does his Master finally find him worthy? Is that why Snoke is doing this? Is he molding Kylo into what he wants? Yes that has to be it. That must be it. Does that mean Snoke will finally finally teach him? The thought sends a spike of strength through him and slowly he manages to stand on shaky limbs. Yes. Yes his Master is wise. His master is all knowing. He knew, knew all along, he will make Kylo strong. And then The Knight giggles suddenly. It is an absurd noise as a manic smile breaks out on his face. When Snoke teaches him, Kylo can kill him! Can strike him down! And then he doesnt remember. It is there! He knows it! Sitting on the tip of his tongue and back of his throat. There is something something he can do what was it? Why cant he remember? What was he supposed to do once he slew his Master? There was more wasnt there? There was something else something He scrubs at his face in frustration. He cant remember! Not that it matters now. He has to get that far first. Perhaps yes perhaps if he does, then it will come back to him? Surely it will. He laughs quietly to himself as he slowly staggers through the halls of the citadel, his head lolling from side to side as he moves. Will his Master be pleased? Kylo hopes so. Hopes that he has earned his Masters tutelage. --- He finds Snoke in the east most wing of the citadel. His Master is deep in concentration and Kylo cautiously moves towards him before slowly sinking to the floor to kneel. He is shaking and so cold. He cant remember the last time he felt this cold. Desperately he wishes hed not torn his robes to shreds. But they were little better than rags anyway, they would have made little difference. Snoke finally turns to him, giving him an appraising glance from where he shivers on the marble floor. Do you see how powerful the Force can be now? How it can push you through anything, months without food nor drink, a normal being would be killed in days, weeks. Yet you have last so long. Your connection to the Dark Side grows stronger yet my Apprentice, he leans down, stroking at Kylos matted hair. Soon you will be ready. Soon. Thank you Master, Kylo whispers. You are wise. Snoke says nothing for a long moment. Kylo can sense him weighing his options. Considering his next course of action. The cold, bony hand moves from his hair and traces down his back, down each protruding knob of his spine that strains against his flesh. Kylo holds his breath, trying to stay as still as possibly. Rise my Apprentice, Snoke commands him. With some effort, Kylo does. He fights down the ridiculous urge to want to cover himself. Snoke has seen everything he is already, there is nothing new here to hide from him. His Master knows all, sees all. His Master is wise. His Master is cruel. He sways slightly, and has to widen his stance a bit to keep his balance. Snokes eyes rake over him, curious, but without intent. It has been weeks since his Master has used him. Has demanded he show his gratitude. Kylo never received pleasure from his Master, never has. It will always be the student who must show their gratitude, who must present themselves mind, body and soul to be their Masters. Snoke owns him, will mold him, make him into something great and terrible. For Kylo it means that hopefully his training is nearing an end. Perhaps he has shown enough gratitude? Perhaps he has finally become worthy of knowledge? Come, stand here, Snoke directs him. Kylo obeys. His Master moves to stand behind him, pressed sickeningly close as he takes Kylos hands in his own and guides them. Focus, Snoke hisses. Build. Create. Find the pieces and make them fit. All around them the Force flows, great and cold and terrible. Kylo feels it surge through him, so powerful that it threatens to make the very atoms of his being fly apart and scatter across the universe. Master, he whimpers, gritting his teeth. Sweat covers him already. The strain to contain the power is immense. It hurts . Focus, Snoke tells him. Focus. Kylo squeezes his eyes shut. His arms tremble, his fingers spread as wide as they can then his hands and wrists twist. His arms contort, tense and rigid as he moves them, twisting and turning the pieces and parts before him. Rock, Kyber crystals, ancient gears and electric circuits fly about. It is exactly like building a lightsaber, only not. Not this is something far more terrible. If he fails this it will kill him. There is the off chance it might kill his Master as well, but only a chance. Not enough for Kylo to try and intentionally fail. The parts shift and start to meld together. Power surges through the air as it grows unbearably hot. Kylo is drenched in sweat, his heart is racing impossibly fast and it becomes hard to breathe. With agonizing slowness it all comes together. Kylo feels like his lungs might burst, like his heart will explode in his chest. The pieces become larger, more numerous as they all start to click into place. It becomes impossibly large. Heavy. So very heavy. When will it be complete? When will it finally be over? He cant rush it. Cant force the process, if he does it could lead to disaster. His Master would know he has taken the easy way out. No, Kylo pushes forward. Blood starts to trickle from his nose, from under his eyelids. As it drips off his face, those bits of blood are caught, carried by the Force and melded with what he creates. A wretched sob leaves him and Kylo can feel his legs on the verge of collapse, his mind is on fire, agony like he has never known consumes him. But it is not finished. He gives one last push. A final, black gem floats into place on the contraption hes created. If it is part of a wall or a mechanism or monster he cannot tell. The little gem seats itself and he jerks back, almost repelled by the thing. It is complete. It is done. Then it strains against his hold, as if it has a mind of its own and Kylo pours all his focus into holding it steady, into keeping it confined. Snoke moves them, Kylo dare not open his eyes, dares not look at his Master, for fear of displeasing him. Or worse, losing his concentration. It is then that he feels Snoke take it from him. The ancient being wraps the creation in his own Force energy and Kylo feels the terrible burden lift from his hands. With a low cry he collapses to the floor. His eyes flutter open, his vision hazy as he watches his Master turn the part over and over and then guide it into place on the wall. The part of the whole. But the wall is not really a wall. It is a fragment of what he is building. Something great, terrible and powerful. Finally Snoke turns back to him, satisfied that the piece fits, that it is perfect. You have done well Apprentice, he tells Kylo. How fortunate that I saved you from Skywalker. How lucky you are that I took you in, gave you shelter. Look at what you are helping to create, he gestures. Soon my Apprentice, soon no one will stand against what is to come. Kylo tries to form the words, to kneel instead of just lying uselessly on the floor. To show his Master how grateful he is that hes done well, that hes pleased him. But his limbs are weak and wont obey his brain, his mouth wont work and all he can do is whimper. You have earned a reward, Apprentice, Snoke tells him, his tone almost fond. It scares Kylo a bit. Gather your strength and take your lightsaber. Go to your ship. Wash. Get fresh robes, nourish yourself and return to me. Your training will intensify when you return. With a groan Kylo pushes himself to his knees, bowing his head. You are kind Master. I am grateful. You saved me. You teach me, despite all my failures. Go now, Snoke waves Kylos words aside and turns his back to him, continuing work on the strange machine that he is building into the citadel. --- Somehow Kylo finds the strength to make the two day trek back to Salvaged Hope . He encounters neither beast nor Knight as he walks, naked save for the lightsaber clasped to his hip by the remnants of his belt. Time seems to stand still, if it is actually frozen or simply a hallucination brought on by the Force, Kylo cannot tell. He just walks and walks. Through sand and swamp and rock. His feet crack and bleed, his lips bleed, his eyes water. And he walks. When he trips and falls, Kylo isnt sure if he can get back up. His knees are skinned and caked in grime and blood. His hands are blister covered and his skeletal body is covered in bruises. His flesh is stretched too thin. He is stretched too thin. Too far. Too much. It is too much! He wont make it. Is there even a ship out here? He doesnt remember there being a ship. He doesnt remember how he got here. Is this another test? Is his Master testing him? Is this His head swims and he staggers. Almost falling again. Almost. The ground shifts and moves under his feet and Kylo loses his balance, for a second time he falls. A cry leaves him and Kylo curls in on himself, shivering and shuddering. There is nothing out here! He has failed! His Master has sent him here to die! Hes going to die out here! Cold. Alone. Kylo. Something reaches out to him, warm, impossibly warm. Slowly he raises his head. A ship! It sits there, on a slightly raised ridge above him. Just out of reach. But ships dont speak. Ships arent sentient. This makes no sense. Hes hallucinating. He has to be! He has to be! This cant be real! But what if it is? What if it isnt? What if there is not ship and his next steps send him plummeting to his death? Hell never destroy his Master. Hell fail. Hell never see See who? What happens after he destroys his Master? Is is there someone waiting for him? No. No there cant be. He is foul, disgusting. Unnatural. Who would possibly want him? Who would wait for a monster like him? Yet hes pushing himself to his feet, clinging to that vague hope. That dream of something , someone, anyone who might find him worth while. Who wont use him. Skywalker had despised him. His own mother and father feared him, wanted him locked away. Hated him. Everyone hated him. Who was left? Who? He scrambles up the ledge and pulls himself over the top of it, panting. The ship is still there. He stares at it, marveling. The ship his ship. Salvaged Hope. Kylo doesnt know how he remembers the name, he doesnt even remember how he got it. Where he had been before this. But he had been somewhere right? He had been somewhere. He had to have been! He stands and approaches the entryway of the shuttle. It is by grace of muscle memory that he keys in the code and the door slides open, the gangplank descends. Inside the lights flicker on. The naked man stares up into the ship, it feels familiar. But how? On shaking legs he walks inside, shutting the door behind him. He looks around, emotion surging in his chest. Snatches of memories tease at his mind and he leans against the wall of the ship to steady himself. Slowly he catches his breath and starts to explore the ship. He feels like he shouldnt touch anything, hes so filthy. But he finds a small bathroom. There isnt a shower, but there is a toilet and a sink and a mirror. Kylo stares at his reflection in shock. Was that what he looked like? Was that him? It is hard to tell, hes so covered in foulness and matted hair. He paws through a drawer and a cabinet until he finds a razor and a small pair of scissors. His goal of grooming himself is side tracked as he turns the knob on the sink and water flows, he puts his lips to the faucet and gulps the cool liquid down until his stomach is filled and he fears hell burst. Then and only then does he take a deep breath and starts to cut away the matted clumps of hair and shave the dirty beard off his face. It takes nearly an hour, but soon he looks almost like a human again. His face is cut and bleeding in a few places, but he can see his own skin again. His hair is uneven and short now, but it still hides his ridiculous ears. He throws the hair into the waste bin next to the sink and then sinks his head under the faucet scrubbing at his scalp as best he can. His hands find a bar of soap sitting in a dish next to the sink and he lathers his hands with his, scrubbing frantically at his face, head and neck until finally the water coming off him is clean . He looks back at his reflection. He touches his face with his hands, marveling at his own existence. The urge to clean the rest of himself overtakes him and he finds a small washcloth in a drawer and wet it, repeating the frantic scouring processing all over his body. He doesnt stop until his skin, pale and pink from scrubbing finally shows through, until every last bit of blood, sweat, ash and sludge is off him. Human. He feels almost human again. Is he human? Or a monster? He cant tell still. Cant tell. Doesnt know. Isnt his Master molding him though? Shaping him, wont losing his humanity give him that great strength? Slowly he moves, setting the washcloth on the edge of the sink to dry, and goes back into the main room of the ship. The other doors lead to a small storage space and to three small bedrooms. Not much room. It was cramped if you actually had three persons on board. But for just one or two, it could probably be managed. Kylo explores a bit more, finding a medkit that he uses to bandage his feet and hands but little else. He goes then into one of the bedrooms, searching for clothing for something to warm him. He finds more robes, black and made out of a coarse, heavy material, along with boots and gloves. But he doesnt put them on, not yet. He doesnt want to return yet. Instead he pulls a blanket off the bed and wraps it around his shoulders. It is warm, soft. It smelled familiar somehow. Safe. Kylo hugged it closer around him and slowly sank down onto the bed, curling into the blankets. Soft. Everything was so soft how was that possible? After so long of sleeping in dirt and on rock. The mattress was thin and old but compared to the citadel it was heaven. Even the pillow was amazing, and it too had a achingly familiar scent to it. It matched the blanket. How did he know that smell? Kylo pressed his face against it and inhaled deeply. It makes him think of fruit and coffee. Of aftershave and leather polish. Of warm kisses and gentle touches against his skin Kylo moaned. Where were these memories coming from? What had happened before all of this? He turned his head resting his cheek on the pillow and felt something poke him. Frowning he reached under the pillow and felt around for the offending object. His hand hit something metal and then a plastic bag that crinkled. Kylo sat up, pulling the items out from under the pillow. A holorecorder. And a bag of what was this? He fumbled with the tie on the top of the bag and opened it, sniffing at the contents of the bag. The smell of pure sugar assaulted his senses and he blinked, shivering from the shock of it. With a trembling hand he reached inside and pulled one of the brightly wrapped confections out. Carefully he opened it, the wrapper painfully loud in the quiet of the ship, he winced at the noise it made. Inside was a small, hard, pale brown, pebble shaped item. Cautiously he licked at it. 'Sweet. Sweet! Caramel! Candy!' The words exploded in his mind and he shoved it in his mouth with a moan. He cant chew it, its too hard but he sucks on the confection, rocking back and forth on the bed and almost crying from how good it tastes. More. He wants more! In a matter of seconds hes shoved five more of the hard caramels into his mouth and is lying on his back on the bed, blissed out from the sugar. From the sweetness that has all but blown his mind into oblivion. So sweet. So good! All he can do is lie there and try not to sob at how amazing it tastes. How did the candy get here? These blankets, this pillow why was it all so familiar? Why did it make him feel so safe? As if someone someone loved him. What a ridiculous thought! As if anyone could love a monster like him. His body trembles. He feels his stomach clenching around the sweetness as he swallows the melting sugars of the candies. It isn't real food. Isn't even close. And he aches for more for something that will properly nourish him. For now though, he is so grateful to whatever being left this The holo recorder! Maybe that held the answers! He fumbles for it. Fingers clumsily mashing the buttons to activate it. The light isn't blue, like most cheap holo recorders are. No this one is in full color. Kylo stares at it. Stares at the man in the recording. He looks so familiar. Red hair, lean in stature and with eyes so green. Kylo reaches out to him and the man mimics his gesture. Kylo yanks his hand back, was this live? Was he staring at another human being? Who was he? The redhead wore a military style jacket that was charcoal black. He wasnt from the Republic or the Resistance for that matter Why did he look so familiar? Why did he look so sad? Why did Kylo feel his own heart skip a beat when he saw this man? Slowly the redhead pulled his hand back. He looked away from the holo and then back at it. Kylo could see conflict all over the mans face. Pain and anguish. Like one having lost something precious. Like having lost someone they love I can only hope you find this, he finally speaks, voice heavy with emotion. I hope it isnt too late when you do. I Im so sorry, the man holds his head in his hands, pulling them through his hair and sending it into disarray. Kylo stares at him, confused. This message this cant be for him. Surely  surely not for him. I couldnt protect you! Im so sorry Kylo! the exclamation comes and Kylo jerks back from it. His name. This man knows his name! How? Who are you? Kylo whispers. This man he wanted to protect him? This man cared about him? Kylo, the redhead looks back up at the holo, and Kylo sees that he is crying. If I had the choice, if I could have done anything to stop this, please believe that I would have. If I had thought that we could run or that I had the military might to win that battle that would have resulted, I would have done it, within an instant! I his mouth works and he chokes on his words. Stopped what? How old was this recording? How long ago had this happened? How did this man know him? Kylo, I love you, the man whispers. Kylo thinks his heart might just stop and he fumbles with the holorecorder to pause it. He stares at the man frozen in the frame, his heart racing in terror. No. No its not possible. It cant be No This is a trick, a cruel joke. No one, no could possibly love a monster like him. And yet, some part of him desperately wants to believe him. To believe this man in the recording. With trembling hands Kylo presses the button to continue playing the recording. Kylo, a rnsearc , the man whispers.  A chuisle mo chro. T gr again duit,  his voice wavers as he speaks in the language that Kylo doesnt understand. Yet it is familiar. The man repeats it over and over again, sobbing as he does. Kylo wipes at his own eyes. He cant stop the tears, they come and come. This man, this person loves him . This man who is so sad. Please come back to me. Come home . Well all be here waiting for you. Every last one of us, the redhead tells him. Kylo, no matter what happens, Ill love you. Please stay strong, please survive. Youre so much stronger than he would have you believe! So much braver- the redhead chokes on a sob again and scrubs at his own eyes. Youre so good Kylo! Please remember that! No matter what he does to you. No matter what he puts you through, I want you back. I want you to come home at the end of it. And whatever happens well work through it. All of us, together. I just just please please come home. Please survive, for me Kylo. Something strains in Kylos chest. He feels that fierce ache. That powerful pounding in his head that wakes him from sleep sometimes. Something straining at the edge of his consciousness. Something he cant quite remember. And it hurts! Oh Maker how it hurts! Hearing these words. These words that cant possibly be true It makes him ache and hurt, like hes missing someone. Something. But he cant quite remember what. What has he forgotten? What has he buried away? Is it worth the risk of finding out? Of his Master discovering? The idea makes Kylo tremble. If his Master knew  terrible things. Bad things. So many bad things. For his Master is wise, as well as cruel. But even so Kylo wants to know who this man is. Why he cries for him, it makes no sense. It almost sounds as if as if  No! No he doesnt dare say it! Doesnt dare to even think it! The man is still talking. Telling Kylo that he is good. That he is brave. He is enough. He doesnt need to earn love or approval. That his family is waiting for him. Family? What family? His parents hate him Did did he have family with this man? Snoke had made mention of a wife. But Kylo can barely remember her. Was that what he meant? It all makes Kylos head heart. But the words, the words are sad, and sweet and kind. Just be strong, okay? Be strong for me, please? Ill gather the support, the power I need and when you return youll never need to go back again! I swear it! the redhead speaks frantically now. Hes sniffling and wiping at his face, trying to hide the tears. Listen, carefully now a rnsearc , listen. Kylo straightens, his attention rapt. There is a warm feeling in the bottom of his belly when the redhead calls him that. He likes that phrase. It is beautiful, he decides. He hasnt be given a time frame to return to his Master in, so perhaps. If just for a little while he can pretend? Pretend that he is safe and that this man is here with him. Pretend that this man really does love him.  A rnsearc , Ive left you pillows and blankets from the bed. There is candy, if youve found this then youve found some of it. I ... I know fresh fruit would go bad. I would have given it to you otherwise, I know how much you love it. Ive hidden rations in this room as well, better tasting one than those awful supplements he makes you eat. Its not much, I only had a small time frame to set this up, he gives the holo a sad, smile. Please, please take care of yourself a rnsearc . I love you, so so much. Please, please be strong. Please come home safely. The holo goes dark and then starts from the beginning again and Kylo stares at it, sniffling. It is too much to process. Too much to believe. To take in all at once. He reaches for the pillow and hugs it against his chest. It is from this man, the blanket too. So this is him that Kylo is smelling. He likes the smell, he likes this. This small comfort. This feeling safe. And there is food in this room! Hidden away, but not extremely so. But for the moment his mind is too exhausted to try to look for it. The candies have melted away in his mouth as hes watched the holo and now he feels tired and weak. He can barely hold his eyes open. But he is warm, so strangely warm. His cheeks feel flushed and slowly Kylo tips over onto the mattress. He watches the holo of the man, letting his voice wash over him.  A rnsearc, - That word Kylo loves that word. It makes his toes curl slightly and he shivers pleasantly. It makes him feel warm. Feel good . His breathing slows and his eyes drift shut as the holo starts to loop for the third time. Hell find the rations when he wakes up. Right now hes so tired. But hes clean. Hes warm and he feels so safe . The latter is an illusion. No one is truly safe from his Master. But for now, he doesnt have the energy to believe otherwise. Fear has burned him out. Pain has burned him out. Numbed him. So instead he basks in the words of this man. This man who promises that he loves him. That there are others waiting for him, to welcome him home. His eyes close and he lets sleep take him, curled in the blankets and hugging the pillow as the holo continues to play. Kylo, A rnsearc , the man whispers in the recording.  A chuisle mo chro. T gr again duit. Come back to me. Come home to me. --- Look how strong you have become, Snokes voice echos through the citadel. Look how mighty you are. How you wield the Force as easy as breathing, all by my hand. He watches as Kylo works the materials that hover in the air, they twist and contort. His Apprentice melds stone and metal and crystal together, breathing life into them, instilling the power that his blood holds, creating . Snokes mouth waters. A creator, this is what he has needed. What he has searched for for aeons. A constant source of life, something to feed his voracious appetite. The Void grows hungry. But soon Starkiller will be complete, upon its first firing there will be so much for him to consume. The sheer energy alone from the act of destruction would make most beings weak in the knees, but for Snoke it will be but an appetizer. How the Void hungers . It has been a year since his apprentice built the first piece. Since then his skills have grown. He is strong in the Dark Side. Snoke intends to keep him there, locked in the Darkness so that no one can tempt him away. No this power belongs to the Void and the Void alone. He cannot have those of the Light interfering. While the Void cares not about the Force, Light or Dark, its all just a tool to manipulate and control, two sides to the same coin, he can acknowledge that those of the Dark Side come easier to him. That he can sink his hooks into those filled with hurt and rage far easier than he can those who are not. Soon though, none of it will matter. When all is complete, he will feast on everyone. Everything. Light and Dark, planets, stars, humans and aliens alike. He will devour the energies, the pains of the war he is orchestrating, the suffering, all of it. It will all be devoured. Save for one. His little Apprentice, he who works so tirelessly now. Building his own prison and he does not even realize it. And the Void will hold him there, milk him for his pain, his creations and when the time is right, after centuries have passed, shatter him apart down to his molecules and let his machine create him anew. Rebuild it all so he can start all over again. For there is nothing quite as sweet as despair. As knowing that no one can save you. The Void has learned this. The Force hums as his Apprentice sets the fifth piece today into place. He has so much raw power. It is tempting to prey upon him now, to send him spiraling downwards into pain and despair. To try and make him fight. To push him to claw and attack and feed on that energy. No. No he must restrain himself. It is not time yet. Besides there are others to sate his appetite in the meantime. He must not touch his Apprentice again, not now. Not when the boy stupidly thinks he is being taught, when he thinks he has even a fraction of a chance of destroying his Master. Of surpassing his grandfather. The Void chuckles softly. Enough for today my Apprentice. Go. Meditate and reflect. He dismisses Ren. The Knight is stronger, but not ready yet. It will take more time. He can sense the boys exhaustion, his trembling. What he is being made to do is no easy task. Caution is advised, if he pushes too hard the boy will break, if not enough the boy will get ideas. As Kylo bows and retreats from his presence, Snoke reaches through the Force to find one of his pets. Go to him, he is ready for you. --- Kylo sits in the garden of ash. He isnt meditating. Not really. His mind feels too wrung out, too jumpy today. He cant find his center. He has gained some of his weight back, some of his muscles. Since that day he built his first piece, almost a year ago, his Master has been considerably kinder. He allows Kylo to leave the citadel and return to his ship more often. Allows for Kylo to wash himself, to groom himself and clean his clothes, to eat . Sometimes as often as twice a month! His ability to self-sustain through the Force has grown stronger still, he can last longer, go further on much less. But his Master no longer pushes him that hard, there is no need to now that his eyes are opened to the strength that awaits him. All the same, those few days Kylo spends away from his Master are special. Sacred almost. Hell stagger back to Salvaged Hope and strip, scourge his body and then scrub at his robes, which are far too big to fit in the tiny sink. Then, naked and clean as he lets his robes drip dry, he crawls into the bed covered in soft blankets, hugs the pillow against him and watches the holo of that sad man with green eyes and red hair. Sometimes Kylo cries and he doesnt know why. He doesnt know why hes so sad. Why this other man affects him like this The rations have been a Maker-sent gift. Dried fruits and meats, crackers and more little bags of hard candies. Even little tins of pudding! It takes all of Kylos self restraint not to instantly devour all of the latter once he finds them. He has to make them last. He has no idea how long his training will go for. He eats them sparingly, savoring them, they are a welcome reprieve to the nutrition supplements he is used to, though he eats those as well. He wishes those few days in his ship would last forever. That he could find this sad man in the holo, ask him how he knows who Kylo is. What his strange words mean. Why hes so sad and if he really means it. If he really does love the Knight. Kylo pushes the thoughts from his mind and locks them away. It was dangerous to linger on them. If his Master knew , no. No the bond between Master and Apprentice was sacred, there was nothing that could threaten it. And he didnt wish to displease his Master. Then then things would hurt again and he would be left bleeding and crying on the floor, his body ruined. No, he dare not think about the redhead head. Not now. Not in Snokes citadel. With a frustrated sigh Kylo adjusts how he is sitting. His thoughts are not cooperating. His mind drifts back to the redhead. Idly Kylo wonders about him. What is it like to be kissed by him? Does he taste like he smells on the blankets? Like fruit and coffee? Aftershave and leather polish? Are his hands soft? Is he gentle or rough? He says he loves Kylo Have they? Before he came here? Did they, were they lovers? Kylo shook his head. No. No that was impossible. Still he files the thought, the hope away to examine later. On his next reprieve, when he can watch the holo over and over and perhaps pretend that the beautiful man did love him. That he wasnt here. That he was anywhere else. Focus. He has to focus. Kylo finally falls into his meditative trance, his mind one with the Force. He slips beneath that dark tide and loses himself. Ceases to be. The Force is all he needs. He will become stronger. He will destroy his Master. He sits there for a full day and into the next. He only moves because he senses the eyes on him. Kylo stands in a fluid motion, hand at his hip, ready to draw his lightsaber, to engage whatever beast or being has been sent against him. But there is no one there. He reaches out with the Force, sensing something, someone just beyond his grasp. Come out, he calls to them, letting his hand drop to his side, away from his weapon. The being creeps forward and hesitates. Its okay, I wont harm you, Kylo promises, tilting his head, curious. Whatever it is, it is alive. He has not sensed another living being here other than Snoke and himself since he first landed. Since he battled his Knights. Slowly a child creeps out from the shadows of the burnt trees. It is a little girl. At first Kylo almost misses her, her dark skin blending in with the surrounding shadows, making her move like a phantom. Her black hair shorn short down to her scalp on half her head, while the rest is long and braided tightly against her scalp. She has a bright silver circlet around her neck. Her clothes are ragged and she is shivering. Her eyes wide with fear. Kylo feels his heart surge in sympathy for the little one. He drops into a crouch, trying to look less threatening. Its okay, he offers a gloved hand out to her. I wont harm you little one, he promises. He can feel her fear, her pain. She is cold and hungry. A protective urge rises up in Kylos chest as he keeps his hand extended to her. He doesnt know where shes come from, if she is she like him? A child of Darkness? Slowly she creeps towards him, not making a single sound. He feels the Force surging around her. It is chaotic, not as strong as his own connection, but with time, with careful honing, it could be. Dont be afraid, little one, he tells her as she crouches, just out of his reach. I feel it to. You are not alone it the Darkness. There are monsters in the Darkness, she whispers, looking around them with eyes that are far too wide. Yes, he acknowledges. He wont lie to her, he is one of those monsters after all. But some are our allies. Some can teach us. And the others? I think you already know the answer to that little one. Silence falls between them, the little girl starts to draw in the ashy ground. Ren is just about to give up on her when she looks back up at him. Which one are you? Ah, so she can tell. She is clever for being so young. I am one that will help you, if you trust me. Will you be my Master? she asks. Will you make me stronger? Kylo blinks, taken back by the question. He.. he was still an Apprentice himself, he had no right to play the Master to a pupil. He he couldnt! No, not when being a Master required him to be so cruel. His own weakness, his own cowardice shames him. He does not have the drive, the push that Snoke does. The willingness to guide a pupil down into the depths of the Dark Side. He  he cannot bring himself to hurt this child. Not now. Not ever! The very thought of hurting this girl turns his stomach. The thought of doing that which was done to him almost makes him vomit. He cant! He could never! He is no Master. He never will be. He lacks the strength, the resolve. He is weak. So damnably weak. But he must be honest here. I cannot be your Master little one, he bows his head to her. But I can teach you. I can guide you, if you will let me? A teacher yes. A teacher was different. Not a Master. It felt familiar. Safer. As if he himself had once had both teacher and Master, one kind and one cruel. But he cant quite remember, its all fuzzy in his mind and makes his heart ache in a dangerous way. Kylos introspection is interrupted as the little girl runs to him then and hugs him tightly, hiding her face against his chest. He startles at the sudden contact, at the childs desperate bid for comfort, for safety. How long has it been since someone, anyone has touched him? Let alone touched him kindly? Kylo shivers and slowly wraps his arms around the little girl. He takes his cowl and drapes it over her shoulders, trying to warm her. Its okay, he promises her as she starts to cry against him. Ill keep you safe. I wont let harm come to you. Shhh, itll be okay. Itll be okay. He stands, lifting her into his arms. Nervously he glances around, not seeing his Master, not sensing him either. Kylo carries the shivering girl from the garden, through the halls of the citadel. He doesnt know where he can hide her, his mind races and panic seizes him. He has to keep her safe! What have you found there, Apprentice? Snokes voice rings out behind him and Kylo freezes. His heart beating so quickly it might burst in his chest. He clutches the girl tightly against him, desperately wishing he could hide her, cloak her from his Master somehow. Show me, Snoke commands, his voice holds a warning. Kylo had best not fight him on this. He will lose if he does. Slowly, Kylo turns to face him, hugging the little girl against his chest. Ah, one of our new pupils, Snoke smiles in a way that makes Rens stomach twist. Nothing good ever comes from that smile. Anxiety spikes in his gut, a new pupil? Snoke had brought her here? Why? Her raw Force talent was barely there, it would take years to develop! Do you like her Apprentice? His Master asks. I-I barely know the child, Master! I merely sensed her. I cannot judge her character! he protests lamely. He doesnt like where this is headed. No, no please he silently begs the Maker that Snoke does not demand that he take her as an Apprentice. His Master nods. Then care for her. Teach her. See if she is the one you will create that special bond with. I will check back on your progress in due time. And if she isnt? Kylo clutches her closer to his chest. No. No, no special bonds! No he cant do that! He cant! He would sooner die! But if he dies then who will destroy Snoke? Well we shall try again. You will be a Master soon, it is only fitting you start your search for an Apprentice now, Snoke speaks so easily. As if the horrible rites and rituals and pain that they have both gone through are mere school pranks. Kylo slowly backs away from his Master, he is shaking, trembling. Horrified. What can he do? How can he keep this child safe? He cant let this happen! He cant! Your compassion betrays you, Apprentice, Snoke purrs, advancing on them. Compassion, that is a trait of the Light. Do not tell me that after all these months of hard work you have started to feel compassion ? I-No! No Master! Kylo protests, the child in his arms starts to wail piteously. No! Compassion is a weakness! I would never- Then why do you fear taking an Apprentice? Is that not what you have always wanted? To guide those who have been shunned as you have? To offer them a place? Is that not what you want? Not what you desire? Snoke growls lowly. Kylo feels the wall at his back and he searches for an exit, a way out. Something, anything! He would beg his Master if he thought it would do any good. Master please- After all I have taught you, all I have given you. You would throw it back in my face like this? You would spit on my gifts to you? Snokes voice is soft, and the air becomes chokingly thick. The Force swirls around them, deadly and hot. Master, Master please, please listen! Kylo begs. He cant bare for this to happen to more children! Hell do anything to stop it! To make sure that he is the last one who has to go through this horror! His Master might be wise, but he is so cruel. Snoke considers something, stroking his wrinkled face with a talon nailed hand. Perhaps ah yes. I see it now. Perhaps she is not right for you. Perhaps you would do better with another, with one like yourself, he gestures into the shadows and another child appears. A little boy with mahogany colored skin, black hair with a jet of white running through it. The boys eyes are mismatched, one bright blue, the other so dark it is almost black. A bright silver collar around his neck. The child goes to Snoke, dropping to his knees at the ancient creatures feet. Snoke reaches down, running a single finger along the streak of white hair on the boys head. His family cast him out, just like yours did. The called him a sorcerer, a witch, a bad omen. Had I not rescued him they would have stoned him in their superstition. Does he please you Apprentice? Would you accept him? Create that bond? A choked noise of pain leaves Kylos throat. His heart feels like its been ripped in half and someone has eviscerated him. A child like him, lost and alone! He longs to reach out to the child, to hug him and hide him away from all the hatred in the Galaxy. To comfort him, tell him it will be all right! But at the cost of the terrible bond between Master and Apprentice? The cost of that pain? These children were even younger than he had been! He cant! He could never! Slowly he sets the little girl down and puts himself between her and his Master. His heart is racing. He is afraid. So afraid. He knows he should just do as he is told. That fighting will only make him suffer. That he cannot be this weak. This pathetic. He has been told over and over again that if they are to succeed they cannot have compassion. Yet still here he stands, and with a fast movement of his hand Kylo Force-pulls the small boy to him, catching him in his arms and then pushing the startled child behind him. Snoke stares at him, tilting his head in curiosity at this development. You would take both of them? his Master laughs. This has never been done, by Sith or Jedi. Two Apprentices, it is unheard of! You said yourself we are not Sith! Kylo shouts at him. We are not Jedi either! Watch your tone Apprentice, Snoke warns and the air crackles. I will take no Apprentices! Kylo growls, he feels his own power rising. It clashes with his Masters and the citadel trembles. I will not do this! Oh wont you? Snoke leers, advancing on them. Yet here you stand, hoarding both of them like a Aarkanian dragon? Do not lie to me Apprentice! No! No more of this! Kylo shouts and a wave of Force energy bursts from him, pushing his Master back a few steps. Snoke stares at him, expression on of disbelieve that quickly turns to rage. What did you say? No more, Kylo raises his chin. Oh he shouldnt do this! He doesnt know these younglings. He has no stake in their fate. Yet he cannot bear even the thought that they come to harm. That the cycle of hurt, the terrible bond of Master and Apprentice continue. No. Not it must stop with him! He will not let it carry on! You must chose Apprentice. I will not. No more. No more bonds! No more  he struggles with the words. His chest aches, something is burning just beneath the surface. Some great terrible secret. No more hurting . He chokes out. No more! No more! NO MORE! I WONT LET YOU! he screams, throwing his arms forward and the Force flows from him in a massive tidal wave. An avalanche of power surging through him and throwing his Master flying backwards down the hall and slamming him into the wall so hard that a massive crack runs all the way from floor to ceiling. Kylo stands there, panting for breath, eyes blazing, almost golden in the hazy light of the citadel. No more, he whispered, not taking his gaze off his Master. Snoke starts to laugh. It sounds like metal shards being dragged across a slate board, Kylo covered his ears making a noise of pain, staggering back. Oh no. No. No. No. He shouldnt have done that! He shouldnt have done that! No! No! No! Oh how strong you have become Apprentice, Snoke seems to bend reality itself and in an instant he is in front of Kylo and backhands him, sending him crumpling to the ground. But you have much to learn, he leans down and grabs a fistful of Kylos hair, yanking his head back. You let compassion cloud your mind. This worries me, perhaps you are no good after all. A waste of my time. A waste of my effort I should have left you in that gutter I found you in. Master, please! Kylo whimpers. Im sorry! Master- Snoke strikes him again, and again. Useless. Pathetic. Weak. I should have drowned you. To think I thought you might be worthy of the most sacred communion that the Dark Side has to offer. I was wrong. Never in all my centuries have I been so wrong. You pathetic. He strikes Kylo again. Ungrateful. He throws Kylo to the ground. Unworthy. A kick lands in Kylos gut. Somehow this hurts more than any Force torture he has endured. He has failed! His Master will discard him! He should have just stayed quiet, just done as he had been told! Why did he fight? Why had he been so stupid! Foul little monster! To think that you would turn on me! That you would dare to raise you hand against me! We are not Sith! We are so far beyond the pathetic Sith and Jedi and yet you would be so delusional as to attack me? Master- Kylos pleas are cut off as he screams in pain. Electricity races through his body. It sets his nerves on fire, his flesh and hair burns, his muscles spasm. Hes drooling and pissing himself, his heart is stopping and starting again, over and over. His vision blurs and he is slammed backwards from the force of his own muscles contracting and releasing. Air is forced from his lungs and he cant breathe! He cant breathe! His world is a flash of white light and pain. Finally. Finally it ends and Kylo lies there, his body smoking slightly, muscles quivering outside of his control. Leave us, Snoke orders the children. Return to the others. It would seem as though my Apprentice still has much to learn before he can lead you. Then he leans down, dragging Kylo by the neck of his robes across the floor. Kylo moans weakly. M-Ma-Master, please . Snoke does not acknowledge him, even as Kylo paws weakly at the hem of his robes. Ple-Please Master. Snoke is silent as he drags Kylo along the floor, down the steps. To the entrance of the crypts. You shall stay here. Until I decide that you are worthy of my time. My attentions. Until I decide that you are worthy of leading my army. Fear spikes through the Knight and he struggles against his Master trying to pull away from him. No not the crypts! Anything but the crypts! He doesnt want to be locked away in there! It is one thing to enter of his own volition. To go and train. But to be banished there? Locked away and forgotten about? Left alone with the monsters and demons and force ghosts that will devour him whole? No! No Master please! he begs. Please Master! Please anything but that! No Apprentice. You brought this on yourself. You deserve to be alone. To be punished for your transgression. You know better. You know what happens- PLEASE DONT Kylo screams and prostrates himself, clinging to his Masters feet. Hell do anything! Suffer any punishment! Please Master, he sobs. Hes done wrong. He knows it, but this, this will kill him! Snoke kicks him off and then Force throws him into the crypts. The last thing Kylo sees is his Masters look of disgust as the entrance to the crypt closes and he hears the locks click into place. Kylo knows he wont be able to open them. Only Snoke can. He is trapped here. He will die here. In the darkness the monsters come out, circling him as Kylo screams and wails. --- It is a month later when the door to the crypts reopens. Slowly Kylo steps out into the dim light. His eyes blink owlishly. He has been so long in the dark His hands are bloody, his robes torn all to shreds and he reeks of rot, sweat and piss. There are gashes along his sides from monsters that hes fought off that are half healed and caked in blood and dirt. Are you grateful to me Apprentice? Yes yes my Master, he whispers hoarsely. Show me how grateful you are. Kylo falls to his knees, eyes glazed and distant as his Master moves before him. Show me that you are worthy. Earn it. --- Kylo gazes at the children huddled in the corridor of the citadels west wing. Hundreds and hundreds of children. Where had they all come from? Were they all Force Sensitive? How? Even the Jedi had not gathered this many together all at once! Silver collars. Each child had a silver collar around their neck. Human, alien, gendered and not, they all bore a collar. Why was it so familiar? Why did it feel like hed seen this somewhere before? They need a teacher, my Apprentice, Snoke tells him. They are like you. Abandoned. Cast out. Unwanted. They need someone to guide them. And  his hand goes to tangle bony fingers in Kylos hair. Perhaps I was wrong. Perhaps you are never meant to be a Master. Perhaps you work better as a leader, a teacher. Not one who holds such power as a Master. You simply arent strong enough. Kylo glances at him. The foul taste of his Master still in his mouth and sticking to his throat. Barely an hour ago hed been on his knees and now  now Snoke was saying he could teach these children? All of them? But it was because Snoke thought he was weak. Weak he was so weak. Pathetic. Unworthy. Disgusting and foul. He didnt even deserve this. He deserved to be locked back up in the crypts to be forgotten about like the monster he was. He 'A rnsearc, youre strong. Youre good. So much more than he realizes.' The words echo in Rens mind. Familiar, but hazy. Who had said that to him? I have failed you Master, Ren whispered, bowing his head. I will not do so again. We shall see, Snoke says, a hand sliding to the back of Kylos neck and his nails digging into flesh, pinching at tense muscles and nerves. We shall see. Chapter 15 : Hope is for Children Notes: Welcome, gentle reader, to the 15th chapter of this fiction. This fiction will bring us forward to the present day and the events of the movie and through the shocking events of chapter 1. We have finally come full circle. It is my hope that you find the answers to some of the questions you seek and that you will have a chance to reflect on the mindsets of the characters as we start to move beyond the canonical events. Please note, I have take some liberties in the events I have chosen to portray and whose point of view I use. I have also utilized a combination of the movie and the adult novelization of The Force Awakens. Please bear that in mind as you read through that portion of the story. This chapter contains the following disturbing themes: -implied rape -attempted rape -political bullshit -gaslighting -danger to children -dehumanization -steps taken by a partner to try and assist in recovery from rape/abuse -unreliable narrator/warped views of reality/dissociation It is with great humility that I thank you for your continued readership. I thank you for your endurance and patience as we have embarked on this long journey. The only way out of hell is through it sometimes and we are nearly there. So please dear reader, do not despair. For the burden is terrible and great, yet perhaps our beloved characters will be able to avoid their fate? Apologies as I have taken to rhyming, that means that it is perhaps best that I move on now. It is with eternal gratitude that I present to you, chapter 15. It would seem that you are a capable general after all, Snokes voice echoed throughout the meeting chamber. He had his doubts, but sure enough Brendol Huxs son had pulled through. Clawed, bitten and fought his way through task after impossible task that Snoke put before him. All while retaining his ideals, his goals and sense of self. Although, if Snoke was to hazard any guess at the psyche of the man before him, he would say that the young General had another five years, perhaps seven, before he burned himself out entirely. Before the stress of war made his mind crack and he started to make mistakes. Before he was captured by the Resistance and tortured and executed. It would happen, it always did. Humans were weak like that, their usefulness extremely short lived, the Force Blind ones even more so and they took so long to prepare! Took years to plant the seeds of intention, and doubt and mold them, because the human mind was tricky. Of all the beings in this Galaxy, Snoke had to marvel at the finesse that that the human mind and spirit presented. At its damnable determination and resilience. But even the most resilient of his projects had died out rather quickly, no matter how carefully he had tended to them. Ben Solo had nearly been one such project. The boy had the sense of mind to try and kill himself when he was sixteen, and had nearly succeeded. It had been in that moment that Snoke had considered the very strong possibility that he had overestimated the endurance of the Skywalker bloodline. But in the end however, the boy had become Kylo Ren. Had done all Snoke had asked of him. Well nearly everything. He still had compassion . Such a pointless, useless thing. He hid it well, burying it away in a part of him so dark and deep that not even Snoke could reach it. Each time the old being would think that hed finally driven it out of him, but then it would shine through and take hold of his apprentice. Compassion led to righteous anger, to rebellion and the boy would suddenly be seized by the notion that he could actually defeat his master. Frustratingly, Snoke could not seem to break him of it. If he could not do that then all of his planning would be for naught. As much as he was loath to do, to spend more time invested in handling humans and their pathetic lives, it would be good for him to begin searching again. There was no such thing as too many contingencies. But this one, the General was different. This one came from good stock. This one had lasted far longer than any of the others had. It would be most interesting to see who he could get the most use out of: his Apprentice or the General. If Snoke were a paternal sort of being, he might feel a sense of pride. But rather he felt only a satisfaction. Things were all moving according to plan. Starkiller was three years out from being completed, but Huxs reformation of the Stormtrooper program was in full effect and it showed in their latest victories in the last three years since Snoke had set him on the task of conquering those ten planets, which the General had, with startling efficiency. Even that little ploy with the politician had been yielding amazingly effective results and she was only halfway through her tour of the Galaxy. The Resistance hated her, the Republic was starting to fear her words. Starting to try and censor her. Which naturally only made people more curious. Yes, even Snoke had to admit this might have been a good idea. Hux was proving to be extremely useful, for a human. Everything I do is for the betterment of the First Order, Supreme Leader. I will see it rise and crush the Republic! the redhead before the massive hologram spoke with a steady voice. Good, Snoke nodded. Prepare your crew for transfer, there is a Resurgent-class Star Destroyer waiting for you in our shipyard. I believe you had a name chosen for her some time ago? The Finalizer, Hux answers without batting an eye, his expression does not change in the slightest. Snoke does have to admire the mans control of himself. He has poise where Kylo is wild. His apprentice lacks control. But it matters not in the long run. Although the name is interesting, Snoke pays it little mind and dismisses the general. --- There is a knock on the door to Huxs quarters. He trips over crates and boxes that contain his and Kylos belongings as he makes his way to the door. He hasnt even had the chance to start unpacking yet, hes only just gotten Millicent settled in and fed her. Millicent is running all over the new room in a fit of excitement, leaping from floor to desk to empty shelves, leaving cat hair in her wake as she rubs her cheeks against everything and rolled all over the furniture. There are so many new places to climb and explore! She is especially fond of the new bed. It is bigger and fluffier than the last one, and the blankets are much warmer and there is more space to hide beneath the bed too! She darts into the bathroom to explore that room as Hux makes it to the door. He cracks it open. One of the many nice things about this new ship is the fine control of the doors. They dont just get flung open anymore, exposing everything in the room. Instead you can control just how much you want them to slide open. Much to his surprise Phasma is standing on the other side, dressed in sweatpants and a tank top, a bottle of brandy in one hand. I thought you could use some help unpacking, perhaps a bit of celebratory company after your great victory she offered, with an easy smile. I know half of these boxes belong to Kylo, she added lowly, her eyes flicking behind him to the piles of boxes, trunks and crates. She knew Hux missed the Knight terribly, and if she could at least keep him company while he went through the painful process of going through the Knights belongings, then that would help. It would be good, for both of them. Hux had been acting like Kylo had died, and who knew, perhaps he had? But still, it wasnt something the General should have to do alone as he settled into his new quarters. Hux stared at her for a moment as if shed grown an additional head, blinking rapidly in surprise. Well? Phasma put a hand on her hip. Are you going to invite me in or not? You realize how scandalous this is? Hux murmurs, shaking his head. The wife of Lord Ren paying a visit to the General with a bottle of alcohol. Most of your crew is busy enjoying their new quarters or taking advantage of the week of leave you gave them, Phasma told him with a roll of her eyes. They had gotten the new ship, the Finalizer , Hux had dubbed her, and it was going to take at least a week to get her stocked, fueled and ready for the start of her tour. So Hux, in a fit of extreme benevolence, had given everyone shore leave if they desired it. A reward for their hard work in this latest campaign. The Finalizer would hold nearly five times the personnel that the old Star Destroyer had. And they finally had more than a handful TIE-Fighters in their hangers! And proper simulation rooms and firing ranges! Phasma was more excited about the training facilities than Hux was, it would give her a space to really work with the troopers before she went to Starkiller. The ship also had the facilities for storing and preserving more fresh food, something that had been a bit of a delicacy on the old ship, given their limited refrigeration capacity. But Hux had always found a way to get fruit for Kylo though, and Phasma strongly suspected that it had been through some rather underhanded means. Hux was still shaking his head. I dont have any glasses to drink it out of, theyre all packed up still. Then well drink from the bottle, its not a formal affair, Fae. Come on, relax. Lets celebrate a little, youve won a great victory! Hux stuttered at the use of his nickname and gave her a dirty look before sighing and opening the door the rest of the way to let her in. The room was indeed a mess, the General had barely started unpacking and Phasma carefully stepped around and over crates of belongings so she could sit on the edge of his bed for lack of anywhere else to sit. She was sure she saw a small sitting area in an alcove off to the side, but it was filled with boxes still. Chairs and couches were in short supply it would seem, or they would have supply their own furnishings again beyond that of bed and desk. Hux shut and locked the door and then began to give through one of the boxes for glasses of some sort, muttering that he absolutely refused to drink brandy from the bottle like some sort of uncouth beast. Millicent came out of the bathroom, chirping happily at the Captain and hopped into her lap as Phasma pulled the seal off the brandy. A few minutes later Hux unearthed two glass tumblers and joined Phasma on his bed. As she filled the glasses, he pulled his boots off and loosened the collar of his military jacket. Phasma handed him a glass and he slumped slightly, his rigid military posture giving way to one that was more open and infinitely more exhausted. This doesnt feel right, he says softly as he tucks one leg under the other and stares down at the golden brandy in his glass. Kylo should be here. Phasma sighes. I miss him too Fae, she says as Millicent crawls over into Huxs lap and he hugs her close with his free hand, not caring that his jacket will be covered in orange hairs afterwards. Do What do you think Snoke is doing to him? Hux asks quietly. Making him do? I try not to think about it, she tells him honestly. Because if I do then Ill worry, Ill be distracted and one of us has to keep a level head, she shakes a finger at him and takes a sip of her brandy. Hux smiles wanly. He is tired, dead on his feet. And his work is far from done. Now comes the hard part, the part that cannot be won by blasters and bombing runs. I just hope  Hux cant bring himself to finish the sentence and instead takes a long drink of his brandy. He hopes Kylo is okay. Somehow, some way. He knows that in all reality Kylo is probably the farthest thing from okay right now. Snoke had made no mention of the Knight during their last meeting. Kylo could be dead for all Hux knew. It ate away at him. But still. Still he has to push forward. He has to uphold his end of things. He has to fight. To try! He has to do better, be better, than the disaster that was the Empire. Hey, Phasma touches his shoulder and he jumps, startling Millicent out of his lap and spilling some of his brandy on his pants. Shit, he swears, wiping at it uselessly for a few seconds before giving up as Phasma refilled his glass. You were getting that look of despair in your eyes again, Phasma told him as she sipped on her own drink. I was doing no such thing! Hux glared at her. I just  You dont have to justify yourself to me, Phasma says as she settles herself more comfortably on his bed. Huxs mouth twists and he opens it and then shuts it again, chewing on his tongue. I miss him Phas, he says quietly. I worry about, everyday. It doesnt leave my mind, ever. I Its all my fault, he clutches the glass with both hands. I couldnt protect him. I- Would you fucking stop with that shit already? Phasma snaps at him and he glances up at her. Her expression is cloudy, one of frustration, anger almost. Youve been saying the same thing for three years Hux, fucking give yourself a break already. He stares at her and says nothing further. Instead he drinks his entire glass of brandy and holds it out for a refill. Phasma obliges him and he knocks the drink back as quickly as possible. She refills him again. So what do we do next? Whats our next step? she breaks the silence as he starts to stare into the tumbler of brandy again. We take on the council, he says tightly, his shoulders slumping even more, hes hunched over his glass now, almost folded double, his elbows resting on his knees. Youll finally get to use that poison you bought. I suppose I will, Huxs voice is oddly devoid of emotion as he straightens and drinks down the brandy. Phasma moves to refill him and he shakes his head, setting his glass down on the floor. I need to finish unpacking, thank you for the company and the drink Captain. He moves to stand, but his legs wont cooperate and he finds himself rooted to the bed. HIs entire body feels heavy and tired now. Hux grips at the sheets covering the mattress and lets out a massive sigh of frustration. Hux? Phasma asks, worry coloring her voice. Im fine, he whispers, bowing his head. He wants to disappear. His chest aches and he feels both too hot and too cold at the same time. No. Youre not. When was the last time you ate something? He shrugs. Hes been running on coffee for the longest time, he doesnt really remember, between the battle plans and the echos of explosions that still ring in his ears and wake him up in a cold sweat in the middle of the night sometimes. The screaming of people as they died. He hated that the most. The sound of his troopers dying all around him. The screams of those they fought. Could he have done it better? In a way that fewer people would have suffered? Could he have saved lives instead of ending them? Could he have done it differently? Phasma is talking to him now but its hard for his brain to focus on her words Its the brandy , he tells himself. Ive just had too much. Ill be fine, I just need a minute. I just what is she even saying? He feels her hand rest on his shoulder and Phasma is moving so they are sitting sit by side. Shes warm, Hux thinks drunkenly, not able to stop the goosebumps that rise on his skin. Shes always warm. Their awkward hugs and quiet moments over the past three years have brought them closer together. And slowly he scoots towards her until her hand falls off his shoulder and their fingers brush together. His eyes are burning and his vision is blurry. Definately must be the brandy. It has to be. He told himself hed never let anyone know just how badly this had affected him. Just how much this hurt . How alone he was. How afraid he was. No. He mustnt let that show. He cant! Fae, Fae its all right, Phasma tells the inebriated General as he tries to keep his breathing steady. Tries to keep calm. He hasnt cried once, not in front of her at least, in three years, she certainly isnt about to judge him for doing so now. On the night of their hardwon victory when the man he loves is lightyears away and in all likelihood being tortured. Slowly Hux leans against her, his head resting on her shoulder and his hand grips hers tightly. Hes trembling and resolutely not looking at her. Listen to me- Phasma sighs, struggling with herself. With the knowledge that she cant share with him. Finally she finds what she hopes are the right words. It wasnt your fault. I know you blame yourself. But Hux, you cant. You shouldnt! You have a good heart, and Ive watched you almost kill yourself over and over again in an effort to do right by your troops, by Kylo and to try and make the Order into something more than just an echo of the Empire, she places a kiss on the top of his red hair. Youre too hard on yourself. You have to give yourself a break. Kylo would say the same thing if he was here. she pulls her hand free from between them and wraps it around him in an awkward side hug. Stop blaming yourself, you idiot. Hux looks up and stares at her in amazement. He cant quite seem to process her words. His eyes drop closed as he lets out a slow breath, exhaling all the weight that his dragging him down. He feels the tears fall from his eyes, silent, no loud sobs or harsh wails and Phasma gently brushes them away. Suddenly hes so tired . It feels like a weight has been taken off his chest, someone, has finally said it. Suddenly, its okay for him to breathe again. For him to have needs. Huxs limbs feel like theyre not really attached to his body as he moves and Phasma pulls him close. His head is resting on her chest as they fall back onto the mattress and both her arms go around him, hugging him tightly. I remember, she tells him quietly. When Ren first joined the crew. You two fought like cats and dogs. I thought you were going to kill each other. Hux laughs weakly. The memory felt ancient, as if it had happened a lifetime ago. The first time he wrecked a control panel, Phasma chuckles. You were so mad . I had never seen you turn so red! It was the first time someone had actually gotten under your skin! That was all the troopers talked about for a week! One of my less noble moments, Hux mumbled, rubbing at his face with his hands. I remember seeing him after you two had finally put your differences aside, Phasma sighes. The memories were bittersweet, but Hux never talked about Ren, this would be good for him she hoped. When he told me that you were together. He was so happy. His entire face lit up when he talked about it. He was so head over heels for you. So in love with you. Even if he wouldn't say it out loud. Hux sucks in a sharp breath, and slowly lets it out. I was too, I loved him so much....and I was so afraid to say it, he admits quietly, even as he tells himself its the brandy doing the talking, taking control of his tongue. Now I wish Id said it sooner. That Id told him more often. Im sure he knows it. How could anyone forget? Especially when you promise a coup d'tat for him, slowly Phasma starts to rub his back and a soft groan leaves her General. Hes kept everyone at a distance these past three years, and even she has had trouble reaching him. There have been those tiny moments of weakness, when hes awkwardly leaned against her in the atrium, shuddering and shivering, desperate for human contact but unable to ask for it aloud. But it hasnt been nearly enough. Slowly, impossibly slowly, his arms wrap around her waist. --- Its so warm. Hux doesnt remember being this warm in a long time. Not since he and Kylo had laid curled together after their last joint visit to check Starkillers progress. Theres a body pressed against his and for the first time in weeks, he feels like hes had enough sleep. He doesnt open his eyes yet, trying to take mental inventory of everything, but his brain is slow, hung over slightly and sluggish. Most of his blood has apparently decided not to power his brain but has gone to his cock and he has an aching hard-on and it is pressed firmly against his bed partner's hip. The result of sleeping with someone after so long of being alone. But he doesnt remember Kylo returning. The air smells faintly of cloves and his brow furrows. A hand gently strokes his hair. Starting to wake up a bit, Fae? Hux swears his heart stops. In the next instant he is jerking back, scrambling away, twisting and tangling in the loose bedding as he flails and somewhere Millicent makes a noise of upset as she is disturbed from where she is curled atop both of them. His head swims and for a terrifying moment hes certain hes going to be sick. Phasma is giving him an amused look from where she is lying. Shes fully clothed, the same clothes as when she had showed up last night with that bottle of brandy. Does that mean then-Hastily Hux looks at himself, hes still in his uniform, nothing is unzipped or undone, save for his jacket collar, which he knows he did himself the night prior. Youre fine, stop panicking, Phasma tells him as she takes a drag on her smoke, laughing at him as he grabs and pillow and pulls it over his lap, blushing furiously. Everyones honor is intact. I would have smacked you if youd gotten handsy, she reassures him. I-I apologize, he stutters, mortified beyond belief. For what? That? she gestures at his pillow covered groin with her smoke and laughs. It happens. How many times do you think I woke up with Kylo pressing up against me the same way? she grins easily at him, clearly amused by his distress. His shoulders slump in defeat and he rubs at his head, it aches, but only slightly. His heart slowly stops racing. How long did I sleep for? About eighteen hours, Phasma tells him, snubbing out her smoke in the cap of the brandy. Every time I tried to leave you whimpered. Even with Millicent on your chest, so I stayed, she shrugged. Its not like I had anywhere to be, so dont apologize, she cuts him off as he opens his mouth to do just that. Besides, you needed it. Hux is sure that hes going to die right there on the spot from embarrassment. But before he gets the chance to, the Captain is moving and circling the bed so she stands behind him. Hed scrambled clear across the bed in his panic. She hugs him gently and places a kiss on the top of his hair. Just breathe Fae. Its fine. Take a shower, change your clothes and eat something. Im going to go planetside for a bit, she reaches down and pets Millicents head, lightly rubbing her ears as the orange cat returns to nuzzle her way between them. Hux nods, and slowly looks up at her. He understands why Kylo loves her so much: the woman is damn near an angel. You dont have to do this alone Fae, she smiles down at him. Dont forget that. She gives his hair a tussle, making it stand on end thanks to the remnants of the previous days gel in it and then moves to take her leave. Phas, he says quietly as she reaches the door. She pauses and looks back at him. Thank you. Of course, we look out for our own, she smiles again and then is gone, leaving him alone with the boxes of his belongings and the pillow over his lap. Millicent bumps her head against his knee and he pets her absently and flops back down on the bed. His cock is still rock hard and he bites his lip, closing his eyes. Hes tried not to think about it. Tried to ignore it. Doing it, masterbating, taking pleasure in his body somehow just felt wrong on so many levels when Kylo was away. When the Knight was under Snokes thumb, when he was possibly being hurt . But it didnt stop his body from doing what it had done since he was twelve. And now here he was with a cock so hard that it was painful. If  Perhaps if he just didnt think about it. Just got it over with quickly, quietly, like he had at the dorms of the Academy growing up. Hux doesnt even bother to undo his pants, he just palms himself through the layers of clothing and cant hold back the moan of relief at the sensations that flood him. His mouth drops open and his back arches against the bed. He works himself quickly, fisting his cock through the fabric and it only takes a few seconds of rough contact before hes spilling inside his clothes with a sob that is almost a shout. Hux collapses, his cum cooling on his clothes and his body temporarily blissed out and weightless. The relief is heady, even if he feels guilty about it. He wants nothing more than to have Kylo in his arms right now. He wants to kiss and hold the Knight and keep him safe. Slowly the tingling feels leaves his body and his vision clears. Hux sits up, slightly disgusted with himself and strips out of his slept in uniform, trying to avoid looking at the mess hes made inside his pants that is now covering his crotch and thighs, sticky, cold and white. He tries not to think about sex, or touching himself again, or how badly he wishes he could snatch Kylo out of Snokes forsaken citadel. If only he knew where it was, if only he had the strength! He leaves his clothes in a pile on the floor and makes his way to the shower. The bathroom is bigger, the shower has more space, as does the bathtub, something that will make things more comfortable when Kylo returns. Because hes coming back, he has to! Hux focuses on that line of thought. That Kylo will survive. That Kylo will come back. That hell come home and Hux can hold him again. And it doesnt matter how long it takes or what Snoke has put him through, Hux will protect him. Snoke will never touch Kylo Ren again. Hux focuses on those thoughts as he showers under hot water and sighs. He has work to do, so much work to do. The council is a significant roadblock to his plans. There are the twenty heads and then a complicated network of associates beneath them. He must move quickly if he wants to get those in place who will support him and his cause before Starkiller is completed. Millicent leaps to the top of the shower and perches delicately on the thick glass wall that surrounds it, gazing down at Hux. The General gives her a glance. Dont worry, Ill make sure to unpack your toys before I start plotting murder, my little heathen, Hux promises her as he starts to scrub his hair. --- Millicents toys however, were not in the first box Hux opened. That had contained Huxs pants and shirts. Nor were they in the second. That had contained his bedding. Nor the third. But the third had contained, not his belongings, but Kylos. Black robes, underwear and undershirts, socks and cloaks, and then a few of the silk garments Hux had made for him, and an array of earthen colored garments: tunics, pants and the like. Hux sat on the edge of the bed and stared at the box and its contents for a long minute. He fought back the tears welling up in his eyes. The wave of emotion had been unexpected, the sharp ache in his chest, the potent memory of the last time hed seen the Knight, all reminders of how much he missed his lover. How it had been three years Slowly he reached down and pulled one of Rens cowls out of the box and hugged it to his chest, breathing in the scent. It smelled of life, of earth and ice and sweat. Wild and entirely Kylo, with only the barest hints of spice that came from whatever alien soap the Knight preferred to use. Hux pressed the garment to his face, inhaling deeply and trembling. The sob left him before he could stop it. Kylo, he whispered. Im so sorry. Maker, forgive me, Im so so sorry. He breathed, holding the garment against his chest, his entire body shaking. Millicent peered into the open box and then in a graceful leap, hopped inside it, snuggling against Kylos clothing and purring happily. Hux looked down at her and a broken laugh left his lips. Millie, what would Kylo say if he came back and you had covered all his clothes in your fur, hmm? Because Kylo was coming back. He would be back. Kylo was strong, and brave and had faced so much already. He would come back. He had to! Hux told himself this because if he didnt, then he knew he would lose himself. His mind would crumble, and he would go insane. All sense of purpose would abandon him, because he was dangerously codependent on the Knight. He had built his entire purpose around Kylo now. Had changed his entire worldview, his plans, everything. It wasnt just a matter of revenge on the Republic or doing better than the Old Empire, it was about giving his lover a place to feel safe. A place to belong. Hux would craft it for him with his own two hands if he had to. And to lose Kylo would utterly devastate him. Perhaps Phasma had been right after all... The cat stared up at him and purred louder and he looked back down at her. All right Millie, come on now, out of the clothes, he set the cowl aside on the bed, ignoring the part of his mind that knew he would be sleeping with it hugged against his chest once night came to combat the aching loneliness. He shooed Millicent out of the box and began the slow, painful, process of unpacking Kylos things. Tank tops, underwear, and socks went in drawers. Black cloaks, cowls and robes were hung in the closet. Tunics, cloaks and loose pants that werent black were carefully folded and hidden away in drawers as well. It was on the last cloak, a black one, that Hux shook out and prepared to hang up, that the device fell out of one of its hidden pockets. With a frown the General knelt down and picked it up. It was an old holo projector. Banged and scratched up No. No not scratched, marked . He peered more closely at it, tossing the cloak aside and rubbing at the faded markings on the metal. Slowly he sat down at the edge of the bed, holding the small projector close to his face, squinting at it. The marks, he recognized them Hed not seen these symbols in nearly fifteen years. The elegant curves of the characters, the accents and diphthongs that made his heart ache in an entirely different way: this was the language of his home world! His lips moved, forming the words silently, almost afraid to speak them aloud as his fingers traced over the characters that had been painstakingly etched into the metal. His heart races, thudding too loudly in his ears. Questions flood his mind. How how had Kylo come by this? Why was it in his robes? Why did he have it? Hux fumbled with the projector, turning it over and over, trying to find the catch that would unlock its contents. Fingers pressing over its rough edges and blunt nails prying at the edges. Where was that stupid button that would release it? Finally he found it, pressing the tiny button inward with the corner of his nail. He heard it click and held it in his lap, waiting to see what secrets it revealed. And he is wholly unprepared for what is shown to him as the display springs to life. A recording, an empty chair and a table in an old Imperial interrogation room. There is the sound of someone struggling off camera and then a woman is dragged into view. Hux feels all the muscles in his back stiffen, his eyes go wide and he holds his breath. The recording may be all in a blue tint, but he knows her. He knows that hair and that face, those hands covered in clay and paint. That apron. That dress. Mthair, the word leaves his mouth and he claps a hand over it. His heart races as he watches the scene unfold before him. She curses at the officers who throw her into the chair, her wrists are bound in shackles and her lip is split open, blood spilling down her chin. The camera view changes and a man takes a seat across from her. Brendol Hux. He's twenty-five years younger, but his face is still hard and his eyes are still cruel. It chills the General to watch this interaction, even though it is in the past. He knows what is about happen before it does. He has seen it so many times in the past. Even so he flinches. Brendol backhands the shackled woman and her head snaps to the side. If you cooperate, things will go much easier for you, he snarls, he taps a stylus on the tablet on the table in front of him. Now, state your name for the record. The woman raises her chin in defiance, spitting blood from her mouth onto the floor. She is not the trembling a frightened woman that Hux had seen crushed under his father's boot. The woman who had been worn down by years of cruelty. She was stronger here, braver. Ernmas Cunha, her voice is strong, clear and heavily accented ask she speaks in Basic. Last of my clan line and first free woman in six generations. Wielder of both brush and sword. Brendol snorts to himself. How did you come to be free? I slew my master. I slit his throat with my dagger, there was no remorse in her voice, in fact she even sounded a bit proud of it. You mean this primitive toy? Brendol holds the sheathed dagger in one hand and he snorts in disbelief. Does it matter? What would you do? Prosecute me? I am human, I have a right to my life, she slapped the top of the table for emphasis. Her eyes follow the hand that holds her dagger, her entire body tenses. Then she lunges over and across the table, faster than Brendol can react. Even in shackles, she propels herself forward and one of her knees connects with the Commandants chest, knocking him backwards. His chair tips back and theyre both sent to the floor as she struggles to pull the dagger from his grasp. Brendol gasps for breath and she wrenches the dagger from him, unsheathing it and pressing its delicate blade against his throat. There is the sound of blasters powering up all around the room. Hold your fire! Brendol snaps at them, even as Ernmas bears down on him, gritting her teeth, her eyes filled with a wild fury. I gave you what you wanted! You have no right to hold me, a free woman, as your captive! she hisses. You tell your men to lower their guns! You let me go! You have no right ! the dagger starts to cut into Brendols skin minutely and he glares up at her. I will cut my way through this ship and every crew member on it if I must! I will die before I let you hold me as your slave ! You think I care about you! Brendol snarls at her. One large hand catches around her throat and squeezes down. Youre carrying my child and I do have a claim to that! The child is none of your concern! Ernmas snaps, she dares not pull her dagger back, even as his grip threatens to tighten down and cut off her air supply. If she yields then he wins. No, she will not yield to the likes of Brendol Hux. You have no claim on him! No proof that he is yours! I have slept with a whole slew of beings, you are just another on the long list! She bares her teeth at him, almost feral in her rage, but even as she does, her shoulders droop. She is weary suddenly, tired. She has been running for years, desperately trying to get home. Selling her body or her blade or her brush to survive. The Galaxy is large, and she is frightened, tired. She just wants to go back to that last, tiny patch of green. He is mine. I assure you and Brendol meets her gaze, and for the first time ever, he speaks, almost kindly to the woman holding a blade against his throat. I am willing to make you a deal. A bargain if you will. Ernmas gives him a suspicious look. She silently weighs her options and then, withdraws her dagger, standing and backing away, putting the table between herself and the commandant once more. Already her throat is bruising from the crushing force of his grip. You will marry me, and I will allow you to keep the child, Brendol says and he starts to stand. He regards her. He could easily make her abort him. Force the procedure on her. But that would be counter productive. The Old Empire was all but dead, and the First Order needed children. Needed leaders. He choses his next words, his next lies, very carefully. I would allow you to raise him, on your home world. In return I will have the First Order keep your planet safe. Just as the Empire once did. You expect me to bargain with the life of my unborn child? I would sooner cut him from my womb myself then allow him to be used as a bargaining chip in your plots and ploys! she hisses at him, gesturing with her dagger at the small bump that just barely shows on her belly, enraged. The Empire failed us! Just as the Separatists did! You offer empty promises Hux! Why would the First Order care about a planet raided for slaves? Why do you care so much about the child? Your planet is overlooked by the New Republic, no one ever seems to remember that you exist, Brendol reminds her with a sneer. It is a perfect place from us to use as a jump point, as a place for our spies to hide. Our agreement would last so long as you draw breath. As far as my investment, he puts his hands behind his back and paces slightly, he must make this seem sincere. He must lure her so carefully now. Entrap her with that delicious fruit that is hope. I intend to have my bloodline rule and if the child is bred by a former slave, it matters not to me. By the time you are old, my son will be the new Emperor and there will be peace in the Galaxy once more. Ernmas shifts, uncomfortable. There is a certain appeal to his offer. It is too good to be true. Her mind races, searching for deceit. Her legs tremble, she is exhausted. She just wants to go home! To give birth to her child at home, among the green that she barely remembers. I would get to raise the boy? He would be kept away from your war, your plots and ploys? You would see him ascend to the Emperors seat, simply by your namesake alone? I assure you. Just raise him to be stronger than our last Emperor, Brendol offers her a look that is most sincere. That sounds like treason, Commandant, she murmurs, considering his words carefully, one of her hands slides over her belly, as if to soothe the tiny life that is growing there. The other keeps a firm grip on her dagger. If I agree, all I have to do is marry you? And you'll get me home? And the child will never see any of these horrors? And my world will be safe? You have my word. Ernmas takes a slow breath in and then lets it out, closing her eyes, her throat working. Finally she nods, opening her eyes. I agree to your terms, Brendol Hux. Fucking liar, Hux whispered softly as the holo went dark. You fucking liar! His father had never intended to uphold his end of the bargain. Had killed his mother before his very eyes, and put him through hell at the Academy and here on the front lines all for what? To put Hux on the throne that Palpatine had once sat upon? For him just to be a puppet monarch for the heads of the Order? Rage filled the General, hot and potent. So strong he could barely breathe as he clenched his teeth so hard he feared they would crack. His vision blurred dangerously red and he almost hurled the holo projector across the room. He was glad that he didn't a moment later. Another holo recording appeared, this one gold tinted. My beloved Feidhelm, his mother is looking into the camera. It turns then and a little babe, barely a few hours old, comes into view. The tiny thing is wrapped in a blanket and suckling greedily at her breasts. Ernmas is lying in a field, surrounded by wheat grass, the sky behind and above her is dark and filled with stars. Welcome home, my child. My Feidhelm. The image cuts out and then come back into focus. There was the sound of a childs squealing laughter. Then a tiny child, only a toddler, came bursting into view. He's fully nude and covered in mud and leaves. In his hands he holds a giant reptile native to the waters of their world. Then Ernmas comes chasing after him. Feidhelm! Put that back where you found it before you get warts! she laughs as she snatches him up in her arms, kissing him and spinning him about. You silly boy! You leave the poor thing alone! She frees the reptile from his grasp and sets it free outside. With her son under one arm she carries him to the kitchen sink and plops him inside the deep basin and turns the water on. The sink fills with bubbles, much to her sons delight. Ernmas proceeds to scrub the mud off him, singing softly to him as she does. The image shifts again. The child is waving a piece of paper in front of the camera. It is poorly done, scribbled and uncontrolled bursts of color. Hed tried to draw the sunset with waxy crayons. Ernmas praises him though. it's beautiful Feidhelm! I want to be like you when I grow up Mthair! He tells her, beaming. I want to paint! Just like you! Oh Feidhelm, Ernmas voice trembles and then the camera shakes and is set down somewhere. On the edge of the frame, she can be seen hugging the child tightly. Why are you crying Mthair? Are you hurt? No No my child. Im sure you will be able to paint as much as you want when you get older, she tells him, holding him close as her voice trembles. You are so good Feidhelm, I hope you never learn cruelty. I hope that you are able to create beautiful things when you get older. Once more the image shifts. It is night and mother and son are dancing and laughing in the company of others from their village by firelight at a festival, flower crowns in their hair. Music plays in the background and Ernmas lifts her son up and spins him around, hes almost too big for her to do so. Hes nearly ten now. Soon hell be a man. Soon she will teach him how to use the dagger, and she will take him to the elders of the village and they will start to teach him and school him in the their traditions, in ethics and history. They will teach him tactics and sharpen his cunning. For if her son is to be emperor, he must be kind, must be wise, but also he must not allow himself to be manipulated. He must be more clever than those around him. Must be able to keep his own counsel. Hell make a good ruler, a compassionate leader. Already he has shown so much promise amongst his peers. He is well liked in the village and respected. Feidhelm has shown an intuition for speaking, negotiating and strategizing. Yes, her sons future is bright. He will never know the horrors of war, the terror of the battle field. She has spared him of this pain. The image shifts for the last time and Ernmas' face fills the camera. One of her eyes is swollen shut, that side of her face is heavily bruised and she is bleeding from her temple. Things are getting worse Feidhelm, she whispers, the camera trembling as she holds it. Blood drops from her nose. I I don't know how much longer I can live like this. My beloved baby. My child. Please listen to me, no matter what he says, no matter what he does to you, you fight him! You don't let him or that foul raisin monster who manipulates the Order control you! You're strong! You're no one's puppet! No ones slave! You're my boy, now the last of our clan line! You have to fight him Feidhelm! Dont let him or the Order control you! Tears start to fall from her open eye. Im so sorry, Feidhelm! I wish I wish that so many things could have gone differently. I'm so proud of you my sweet child. You're so much better and stronger than I ever could be. I love you, my precious boy. The holo goes dark then. No other images appear. Hux sits in stunned silence, his breath coming from his lips in harsh gasps. Tears stream down his face uninhibited. Slowly he lets out a harsh breath and then sucks one in. His hands clutch the holo projector tightly. Out. In. Tears fall. Out. In. Don't scream. Out. In. Keep breathing. Out. In. Dont scream. The General closes his eyes, desperately trying to calm himself. To stay in control of himself before he did something rash. Something foolish. Slowly he stands on legs that tremble and goes to his drawer. Buried amongst his shirts is the dagger. The one his mother had given him. The one that had freed her. Briefly, he speculated on what might have happened if she had driven that blade home all those years ago. If she had killed Brendol Hux. Would she have gotten off the ship alive? Would he even be here? He cant bring himself to be mad at her for making that bargain. Perhaps he should be. Perhaps others might have been. Perhaps he is too soft, too compassionate. Being mad at her will not change anything now. She sought to spare him from all this. Sought to guide him. It was not her fault that Brendol Hux had been a liar. This means only one thing: his path is clear. More so now that ever before. He knows what he must do. There is not a shred of uncertainty left in him. He will fight. He will take control of the First Order, put those who are on his side into power. He will destroy the heads of the Order who are loyal to him father, who cling to the ideals of the Old Empire. He will do so by cunning and blood if he must. He will fight, bite and claw his way to power. And he will bring it all crashing down and rebuild it. Change it and make it better. Newer. He will see the Galaxy at peace. For Kylo. For his mother. I'll change things, Mthair , he whispers, pressing a kiss to the dagger in his hand. I swear it. Your death, your love will not be in vain. --- Ashara draws herself up, as straight backed as she can manage. She lacks the height and imposing figure of most politicians. She must rely on all she has learned in these past three years. They have gained support for the First Order in droves. Planet after planet they have brought into an alliance with the Order. Their reports to Hux have been increasingly positive, despite the setbacks. Despite the ever increasing attacks and attempts on Asharas life that have cost them much of Dophelds platoon over the years. Then the smear campaign had been launched to try and discredit her, that was so vicious and cruel. It had shaken her so much that shed been sick to her stomach for three days. Despite miscarrying not once, but five separate occasions, each time a bit more devastating than the last. Through all of it the Togruta has handled herself with grace and pride. Or at least she hopes she has. That she has done her job with as much honor and honesty as she can. She can only hope that the people will see that. That they will know that she speaks the truth, why else would the Republic work so earnestly to discredit her? It had taken them nearly three months to be able to speak before the Senate, constantly being rerouted through subcommittees, a favorite trick of politicians. They were afraid of her words. Of her truths. They could not discredit her so try tried to kill her. They had failed to kill her so not they simply tried to silence her voice. But Ashara was not one easily silenced. Are you ready, my love? Dopheld stands next to her. His remaining handful of troopers are waiting for them at their ship. The Republic Senate had demanded there be no soldiers with them. That if they were truly peaceful and only here to talk then soldiers and weapons were not needed. It all screamed of a trap. Of danger. Her faint connection to the Force was humming maddeningly, threatening to give her a migraine. But this was it. This was their moment of victory. Three years had led them to this. To stand before the Senate of the New Republic. She would not shy away from it. She shall face their enemies head on. The truth of their own corruption will be their downfall. Ashara takes Dophelds hand in her robotic one and gives it a small squeeze. Together they walk from the private room and out onto the floating platform that they will occupy for the duration of the Senates meeting. She holds her breath as the meeting is called to order. Her black eyes sweep over the thousands upon thousands of beings before them. She holds Dophelds hand a little tighter. He gives her a comforting squeeze back and then takes a step back, assuming his place behind her, her guard, her protector, her brave Lieutenant. Silence settles over the assembly and Ashara can see another platform with a familiar looking face on it. Her stomach clenches. That man who haunted her nightmares still. So the Resistance had found found it fitting to send Caluan Ematt to intimidate her. She clenches her teeth and raises her head a little higher. No. She would not crumble before this monster. Nor before this assembly. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. The Force flows around her. It is calmer now than it has been in days. Over the years her connection to, although rudimentary at best, has gotten stronger. A shiver runs through her and she tries to imagine what Kylo Ren might do, how he might use this great and terrible power to his advantage. What secrets it might unlock. Such thoughts are best left for when she is not about to confront tens of thousands of beings. Slowly she lets her held breath out and hums softly, a self soothing gesture in this moment. The Senate speakers words ring out then: The Senate recognizes the Lady Ashara Mitaka, political representative for the First Order. The platform that she and Dopheld stand upon moves forward into the center of the massive room and Ashara opens her eyes. Members of the Senate, I come before you with a proposal- I object! a voice interrupts her and she glances at its source: Ematt. Of course. Why are we even entertaining this hearing? Everyone knows that the First Order is simply a band of terrorists who would see the Empire rise again! This lying, manipulative- Ashara glanced at the Senate head, he wasn't even listening! He was engrossed in conversation with one of his aids. She could not depend on this being moderated. She would have to take control back. Dangerous accusations, coming from an organization that is led by the war monger, Leia Organa! she counters Ematt. He glares at her and opens his mouth to speak again. Ashara doesn't give him the chance, she speaks over him. I come before all today, not to bring a message of war, not to present an ultimatum. Not even to threaten you, She hums, envisioning the Force flowing outward from her and touching every senator there. I come to tell you the awful truth. To present you with the reality you would rather ignore as you sit in your meeting chambers and make a mockery of democracy. Ematt tries to speak again. You would accuse us of bastardizing democracy? Rich words coming from an Imperial sympathizer! From someone who has aligned herself with an organization that steals children from their parents to indoctrinate them! She pushes forward. Her pauses would normally give the audience time to reflect but with the Resistance nipping at her heels she did not have that luxury. She must be swift. It is not untrue that our founders were entrenched in less than honorable practices. I do not deny that. I do not deny that many of the leaders of the First Order are old Imperials who cling to the past, who cannot or will not change, she bows her head, a motion of humility. There is little she can do to justify or excuse the radical actions of the Orders founders, but she can make them assurances that those founder will not be in power much longer. The General had promised her that. Had told her that when confronted with the terrible things the Old Imperials had done she must not deny it, but instead make the promise of change. That he would handle things within the Order. That their complicated games of politics would fall into sync. They would change things, the First Order would become a power unlike the Republic or Empire of the past. It would be something new. However, she raises her voice, projects herself outwards. Unlike yourselves the First Order is capable of change. Is willing and able to change. I cannot speak for nor defend what our previous leaders have done, but I can promise you this: change is needed for the survival of the Galaxy. Empire or Republic, both have failed. Both have rotten from the inside out. It is time for new blood, fresh perspectives and that is what the First Order and General Hux promise the Galaxy. That is what your people crave . A new name for a dictator! Ematt shouts over her. We must eliminate the threat that is the First Order! Your words are lies that breed dissent and chaos! he gestures accusingly at her. You would destroy what so many have died for! The Republic with its representatives is the only way to ensure balance in the Galaxy! Your promises are empty! This is the oldest game in the book: a carrot and stick! Do you think the people of the Republic are so stupid? So easily swayed? A handful of Ghoba rice for subjugation? No one in their right minds would go back to the militaristic dictatorship of the Empire! So you would let the people of the Galaxy starve for the illusion of representation! Ashara snaps, she feels the Force shoot through her, white hot like a plasma beam. It gives her strength and she hums, almost overwhelmed by the intoxicating power. In the back of her mind she wonders if this is what Kylo Ren feels, if he as overwhelmed at times as she is in this moment. If he ever fears that he will be ripped apart by his very atoms. When they return she must seek his counsel If he is still alive that is. All the more reason for her to have this victory today. Especially if it is one over Caluan Ematt. She focuses her rage into her words as she speaks and she swears the very platform she stands on shakes. You cant even feed your own people because you are too busy squandering wealth for yourselves! How many of you have left your political offices since you appointment? Ashara regards some of the more luxuriously dressed senators. Your people are suffering! They are dying! I have been to thirty planets in the last three years and I have seen more negligence than I imagined possible. I have seen slavery running rampant that was never this high in the days of the Empire! I have seen entire worlds starved of resources and strip mined to the point that the planets threaten to collapse in on themselves- An exaggeration! The truth! Ashara raises her voice. The truth that you all conveniently ignore! she gestures in disgust. Look at yourselves! How many of your have reached out to the planet you represent? You have failed those you are supposed to represent! Those you promised to help! Your government has existed for a handful of decades and look at you! You are already rotten! Already corrupt! She takes a deep breath, steadying herself. The Force wraps around her, and gives her strength. The people you have lied to, the people you have manipulated and neglected will not stand for this! Your people are starved! They need medicine, food, aid! And you would sit here and debate in committees! her voice rises as her rage builds. You destroyed the Empire and offered nothing it its place! Your first motions were to secure power for yourselves! You did nothing for those who had suffered from the war! The people trusted you! she glares at the Senators. Even Ematt is silent in the face of her fury. You promised them that destroying the Empire would solve all their problems. That you would free them from subjugation! It only made things for them worse! You never rebuilt the war ravaged worlds! You left your people to die! You let the raiders, the pirates and the Hutts regain power! All for what? So you can sit in the lap of luxury while worlds die? So you are comfortable ? You carry on about how twisted the Empire was, and yet you would sit behind your rabid attack dog, the Resistance! she throws back the sleeves to her gown and bares both her hands for the Senate to see, raising and presenting her damage, her wounds. For them to bare witness to. Let them see the abuses she has suffered for their so-called democracy. You would murder those who speak out against you! You would kidnap and torture them in an effort to muzzle their criticisms of you! You cannot plead ignorance to these wrong doings! You are no better than the Empire! And the Order doesn't have imperialistic intentions? What of Nilash? Chelloa? Ematt snarls at her. Do you deny that those worlds were taken? We attempted peace negotiations with Nilash, Ashara sneers at him, lowering her hands from view. She had been briefed on those battles, she knew what had happened. Hux had given her his confidence about all of it, what had happened both on and off the battlefield. And after a false show of friendship the Nilashans called upon the Resistance and attempted to murder General Hux! The Order reacted to a threat and did what was necessary to defend it's own. Chelloa we attempted further subtly, trying to reach the capitol under stealth, least another battle break out. In our efforts to spare lives, our scouts were murdered, our General and his escort attacked again. Every action we have taken has been one of defense as our attempts at peaceful negotiations have been met with violence! Ematt is glaring at her but Ashara doesn't back down. She doesn't allow him to frighten her and meets his gaze until he finally turns away. The Order is the only hope left for this rotting Galaxy. It is the Order that has given your people food, medicine, that is rebuilding the destroyed infrastructures of the Mid Rim systems. The people you abandoned. You cannot hide from the truth forever Senators, she tells them, humming, reaching out with the Force. She feels their fear. Good. Let them be afraid of the truth. Sooner or later, the people will demand order, she says, her voice quiet and calm but everyone in the room hears her. A visible shudder runs through the Senate. She takes a step back and the platform she and Dopheld stand on returns to its place of on the wall. The Senate breaks into chaos. Ashara pays it no mind and turns away from the shouting and yelling of the thousands of voices in the room. She walks to Dophelds side, her heart racing in her chest, her hands shaking only slightly and her legs feel a little weak as they step off the platform and out into the hallway behind the great meeting room. Immediately it is quieter. It was done. It was over. They could finally return home! They could rest easy knowing that they had done their part, that the Order was stronger for their work. You did wonderfully, Dopheld murmurs to her, as his hand finds her and they walk through the empty halls. The roar of the Senate muffled by the thick walls as they continued to scream at each other. There is not a single soul in the hallways save for themselves. Only because I had your support, my dearest Dopheld, Ashara smiles at him, leaning on him slightly as she walks. Not that she needs physical support, but he is warm and she feels oddly cold now that her adrenaline is starting to level out. Youre too modest, Dopheld tells her, he leans down and presses a kiss to her montrals. Lets head home. Ive seen enough of the Galaxy. Ah we need to revisit our new allies on our way back. We must not forget them, we must maintain good relations, Ashara hums gently. She understands his desire to be back home. To be among their friends and allies again, but their return trip will take as long as it took to get here. They must be sure they revisit their new allies. I heard that Hux has finally acquired this long awaited Resurgent-class Star Destroyer. He has, it is massive. Much bigger than the old one, newer too. The latest tech, Phasma was going on and on about it. She also took the liberty of moving what was left of our belongings for us, Mitaka couldnt hide the smile on his face. It will be good to see the Captain again, Ashara sighs. She feels drained. Worn down. But they are on the downside now, the worst of the battle is over. They can breathe a little easier- DANGER! She senses the blast before it comes and grabs Dophelds hand, pulling them both to the side and out of the way. The bolt shoots by them harmlessly and hits a wall. They spin, hands reaching for their blasters, but then remembering that the Senate had demanded they be unarmed as part of the conditions to allow Ashara to speak before their assembly. Did you really think Id let you walk out of here after a little stunt like that? Ematt is approaching them, a squad of Resistance troops flanking him, blasters trained on the couple. Mitaka moves, putting himself between Ashara and the Resistance forces. Weve broken no laws, you have no right - the Lieutenant starts. Everything I do is to protect the Republic from the scum who would see it destroyed! Youre no better than the Imperials! Ematt is almost rabid in his rage. He is out of control here, out of his element. He doesnt have the political upper hand and he knows it. This comes from the man who tortures children! Mitaka snarls back at him. He desperately wishes for his blaster! But there had been no way to sneak one in, and it would have only hurt their cause to try and bring one. You are no better, stealing younglings for your Stormtrooper program! Hux put an end to that! Ah yes, the elusive General Hux. Ive heard he is quite the brilliant strategist. It would be a pity if someone were to, ah, outsmart him, Ematt grins at them and then gestures with his blaster. This is not a hostage situation, youre both too dangerous to let leave here alive. The cameras will see this! You cant be stupid enough to think youll get away with it! You think I havent thought of that? You two have been a thorn in my side for years and now, it is time for you to die, he raises the blaster his soldiers doing the same. Frantically Mitaka looks for a way out, an escape, something! Anything! Theyre trapped. The Resistance opens fire. NO! Asharas voice rings out. There is the sound of blaster bolts hitting the walls and the heat of them veers wildly around the couple. Mitaka flinches back, covering his eyes to protect them from the sparks that fly everywhere. He grabs Asharas hand, hoping to at least keep her safe and they flee in the confusion. They run down the halls towards the ship dock. Was-was that you? Mitaka pants as they run and skid around corners. Ashara is untrained and her Force connection is nothing like Kylos, but it could have been no one else. The Force must have been reacting to her emotions, Hux had mentioned something about that... They turn another corner and the last door to the docks is in sight. Blaster fire rains down on them and Ashara yelps, staggering and then recovering. A bolt hits the door and the lock fritzes out, trapping them inside the building. No! Mitaka reaches the control panel, pulling it open and frantically trying to override the door. Ashara is at his side, panting, her eyes trained on the end of the hall. Another blast comes at them and they duck to avoid it. The Resistance has them trapped again. They can only dodge their fire for so long. Eventually one bolt will hit them. Kill them. Ematt steps forward and Ashara bares her pointed teeth at him, swearing at him in Togruti, complete with a trilling growl, more disheveled and oddly enough angrier than Mitaka ever remembers seeing her. Ematt is sneering at them, mocking the Lieutenants attempts to wire the door open. The blasters raise again. And the shots never come. The hall drops in temperature and Ashara is screaming. The Resistance soldiers are screaming. The sound of bodies hitting the walls and floor follows and then silence. The door opens and Mitaka looks back at his wife. Ashara is standing, one foot slid out behind her, the other slid forward, as if she meant to push something heavy. Her torso is leaning forward and her arms are thrown straight out in front of her, as if she means to shove someone away. She is breathing heavily, her entire body trembling. Mitaka looks down the hall and sees the Resistance soldiers lying on the ground in a heap, a few of them have broken limbs that are at odd angles. Ematt is bleeding from a swollen gash on his forehead and looks dazed. Ashara, Mitaka reaches out to her and she flinches back, gasping as if shes just surfaced for air after being underwater for too long. Her eyes are filled with tears and her expression is one of fear. What-what did I do? she whispers in small horror, her lips trembling as tears run down her face. Saved our lives, thats what, Mitaka glances back at the wounded Resistance soldiers. This is not the place for this, he has to make her move! If they linger they will die. He grabs her hand and drags her out of the building. She follows, and they run, reaching their ship and boarding it. Ashara collapses as the doors slide shut behind them and Mitaka quickly gives orders to his troopers. They take flight into the atmosphere, no one follows them. As they jump to lightspeed, Mitaka goes to Ashara. She hasnt moved from where she collapsed and he draws her into his arms. Its okay Ashara, he tells her. Its going to be okay. Were heading home. Kylo will be back soon, Im sure of it. And hell know what to do. He can help. She quietly sobs, undone by the terrible realization of just how strong the Force was. Her entire body felt like it was on fire, like someone had dipped her into molten lead. Her mind flooded with awareness that she could not shut out. Slowly, Dophelds voice reached her. The other consciousnesses faded away. The sensation of burning eased and suddenly she was weightless. Ashara realized that he was carrying her to their quarters. Doph, she whispered quietly, hiding her face against his chest, her arms going around his shoulders. Ive got you, he promises her as he steps into their rooms. Im right here, its okay. Its my turn to take care of you. To keep you safe. I wont let you go, Ashara. They really need to bathe, theyre covered in cold, clammy sweat. Instead he just sits on the edge of their bed with her in his arms, holding her close, working to ease her fears. I love you, he whispers. I thought we were done for, but youre so amazing, Ashara, he whispers to her as he kisses her montrals. You saved us. You just rest now my love. Rest, take it easy, youve been working so hard. Hes babbling, as he tends to do when he is nervous, but it seems to help. Slowly Ashara has relaxed into his arms. Mitaka scoots back on the bed, and lays down, still holding her. They lie like that in the silence and then, just before sleep takes them, Ashara whispers to him: My brave, loyal Lieutenant. I could not ask for a better partner. Thank you For what? This was all you my love. You stayed by my side. You are loyal and unafraid, even through these terrible trials, she looks up at him and smiles tiredly. I love you Dopheld. He leans down and kisses her. Id have to be a damn fool not to be. --- It had been six years since Kylo had left. Six years since Hux had won those ten planets for the glory of the First Order. Three years since hed received the Finalizer . Three years since hed aggressively began trying to influence the other heads of the council to side with him instead of his father. To show them that the First Order could be far more than what the Republic or Empire had ever been. It had taken dozens of private meetings. Careful planning, and maneuvering. Nearly half of the council had been made up of old Imperial officers, many entrenched in archaic customs and rituals that tended to sprout up amongst those who were within exclusive groups of power. Hux had to tread very carefully here. Even though he was Brendols son, he was an outsider. A youth with foolish ideals, he had to prove himself to each council member that he politically courted. He had realized early on just how corrupt the Empire had become. Hux had been attempting to sway one of the First Orders heads of their naval forces. She was an older woman, her hair graying with age, but age had put no damper on her wit. She had regarded Hux with curious brown eyes and tilted her head as she had listened to his proposal in her office. So, my General, that is what you wish? For me to withdraw my support from your father in favor of your dreams and ideals? She chuckled, not unkindly, almost in pity, for the man thirty years her junior standing before her. The woman stood and move from behind her desk. She approached Hux and didnt stop until they were chest to chest. Do you have any idea what sort of precarious position that would put me? Your position will be far more precarious if the Resistance is able to penetrate our navy, Hux had told her without flinching. The Supreme Leader will not tolerate failure, my father even less so. Aligning yourself with me is the surest way to guarantee not only your own survival, but that of your troops and all the men and women who serve under you. I have seen your work General. I know you are not unskilled, but I simply cannot agree to support you, she shook her head, turning away from him. What would it take then? Hux regrets the question the second it leaves his lips. It sounded desperate, weak. He has had success so far. He hadnt had to murder anyone yet and see their position filled by someone who would vote in his favor. It had been going so well! He desperately did want to slay those who will be of use to him. Those who he bears no personal grudge against. This woman is cunning and valuable, killing her would be a crime. She turns back to him and regards him. In my day, we had certain, she pulls her glove off her hand and reaches out out, soft skin of her hand cupping Huxs face. He bites down hard on his tongue to keep himself in check. Her hand is warm and he fights against every reflex that just wants to lean into the touch, to moan at the feeling of contact with another human being. The ache threatens to tear him apart.  Exchanges that were made in order to secure such promises. A little trade if you will, she smiles tenderly at him as her fingers travel upwards to stroke through his hair and Hux bites his tongue so hard that he tastes blood in his mouth. Hot and coppery. With all due respect maam, Hux replies to her, his voice still steady by some miracle. I believe that is fraternization, and strictly against the policies of our Order. She laughs again, truly amused by his words. Some policies are just for show my General. Do you honestly believe that any ranked officer isnt having some sort of sordid affair? She withdraws her hand and Hux feels his knees weaken. You want my support, you make a trade with me. It is that simple. How long would I have your support for? Hux keeps his face blank as he asks this question, trying to get his heart to stop racing. It depends on how good you are. Support for certain policies may require a, ah, renewal on our agreement. Hux frowns, allow himself to appear visibly displeased. He is silent for a moment, giving every impression of being in serious contemplation, but he knows his answer already: no. No he will not sleep around for favors. Even if he didnt have Kylo, the concept makes him sick to his stomach with unease. I could do that, he gestures with a shrug, exuding an air of impatience and disgust. I could fall to my knees and service you right here. I could bend you over your own desk and fuck you until you scream, and yet I would have no guarantee of your support. I would have to hinge my life, the lives of my troops, the very future of the First Order on if you enjoyed a fuck session, he snarls, letting his bitterness at the thought show. I would have to return to you to ensure your support, he shakes his head. I cannot agree to that. Moreover I cannot believe that you would so callously trade sexual favors for support instead of just listening to what I have to say and thinking about it. She raises an eyebrow, looking almost amused. It is tradition. Its a damn fallacy is what it is, Hux glares at her. It is a small wonder that the Empire was so easily destroyed. And here I thought for certain that we were trying to do better than they had. That we wouldnt make the same mistakes. Apparently I was incredibly wrong, since were still in the practice of fucking for favors. That is what gets under her skin. He watches her tense. Had he been anyone else she would have slapped him in that moment. Then she starts to laugh. She laughs until there are tears flowing from her eyes. Well said, my General, she says as she brushes the mirthful tears away from her face. I suppose you have a valid point. Consider my department at your disposal. We shall work to align ourselves with your interests. Even when my father opposes me? Hux almost cant believe his luck, he is wary of her sudden change of heart. Especially then, Brendol did a great service for the Empire and the Order, she sighs, walking back to her desk and picking back up the reports shed been working on. But you are not wrong. His methods will not allow us to prosper and if we are to achieve our goals, then perhaps it is time to leave some traditions behind. I thank you for your cooperation, Vice Admiral. --- But not all the meetings had been successful. One such meeting had been over dinner in a uncomfortably public place and Hux had realized that the other man was never going to support him. What was worse, this man held onto some of the less glamorous ideas that had risen up in certain parts of the Imperial ranks. The thought that humans were a dominate race, that all aliens were below them. That they should be chained and shipped out as slaves. The xenophobia and elitism made his skin crawl and his stomach turn. It had taken all of Huxs restraint not to throw his glass of wine in the other mans face. And thats another thing, bring back the slave trade! Excuse me? Hux was certain he had not heard right. It is a solid money maker and it keeps the gangsters and pirates in line. You see if we manage it then we profit off it! The Empire had the right idea when he enslaved the Wookies, the bunch of walking carpet monsters that they are. Now if only he had really gotten involved with some of the more exotic species. The Twileks for example, hell they willingly shipped off their own people! Could have funded the Death Star thrice over, the Galaxy wouldnt have gone into the recession that it did when the first one was destroyed, if only the Empire had properly utilized the slave trade! None of this ridiculous favoritism for the savage races, he waved a hand about as he talked. I know that Togruta girl that one of your Lieutenants married came from a strong political family, but you simply cant trust any of them. The fact that the Mitaka family actually, willingly arranged the marriage simply blows my mind. Theyll never manage to have children, not without killing her! The bloodline will end and you cant ever expect them to actually get along! I dont care how crafty the little red skinned savage is, or how well she fucks, the union is doomed to fail. The gruts along with their multicolored whore cousins should have been fully enslaved decades ago if you ask me. Hux grit his teeth and force himself to stay neutral. To not give in to the rage that was boiling through him. Small wonder the Empire had become so hated! It seemed the higher up you looked in the chain of command, the more foul the people became. This would not do. He could not have these attitudes, these disgusting ideas in the Order that he crafted and molded. He would not! Well you are the head of our financials for that reason, you come up with ideas that others might flinch away from. Although I might suggest a bit of caution, he murmured, gesturing to the restaurant and its patrons around them. Their booth might be towards the back of the restaurant but it was by no means private. If this idiot managed to work himself up in a rant then they would have Republic sympathizers on them in an instant! Too true, too true. You always had a good head, General. Always aware and clever, the other man turned to reach for the bottle of wine that was sitting on ice at the table next to them. Scarcely able to believe what he was doing, Hux reached forward and added several drops of the colorless poison from the tiny vial hidden in the palm of his gloved hand into the mans nearly empty wine glass. And then, he poured the rest into the vegetables on his own plate. It would not do for only one of them to have poisoned food or drink. That would raise too many suspicions. He barely got the vial concealed before the other man turned back around. The financial head had been struggling with the cork on the bottle of wine and getting it open. But now with that out of the way their glasses were refilled and they raised a toast, to old values of the Empire, of course. Hux realized he must have poured far more of the vials contents into the glass than he thought. The poison was supposed to be more of a slow kill, he didnt expect the man before him to start began sputtering and coughing right before his eyes! The financial head started turning a terrible shade of red and then purple as his body seized up. His eyes bulged, blood vessels popping in them as he strained for breath. Even knowing exactly what the poison did, Hux could only stare in horror as its effects played out before him. The other man tried to stand and only succeeded in collapsing and dragging the contents of their table off and to the floor where it landed with a clatter. The man was screaming now as he clawed at his throat and foamed at the mouth. Someone calling for help and was what shook Hux out of his terrified stupor. Hastily, he commed the Finalizer and then the other mans associates. They arrived too late of course. --- The toxicology report revealed the poison in the wine as it was expected, and Hux had held his breath as the report was read in the next council meeting. He didnt breathe until the investigator stated that the same poison had been on Huxs plate too, laced in his food. The conclusion had been an assassination attempt. Someone had found out that the two men were meeting and sought to cripple the First Order. As soon as the murmuring quieted down Hux raised his voice. We cannot let this distract us from our goals, he met the eyes of all the other leaders present. He had to make his move now. In fact, in light of this attack, we must exercise even greater prudence. We must be mindful, and better prepare ourselves. We cannot be crippled by this, if we flail like a drowning man, if we hesitate, our enemies will see this as weakness and go for our throat. All around him were murmurs of agreement. He noted those who remained stone faced, those whose holos stood closest to his father. I move to elect a new head of finance, Hux raised his voice and the council went into a flurry of deliberation. Who? Brendol sneered suddenly and the room fell silent. No one knew our accounts as he did, to train someone would take- We cannot simply let our finances fall by the wayside, Commandant, Hux met his fathers gaze. Not after all the effort we have expended to ensure that we actually have finances to manage. I will now allow the Order to cripple itself with financial ignorance, that is what did in the old Republic! Will we find ourselves at the mercy of bankers? No. We must elect a new head of finance! In the end he puts forth his candidate: a smart, young woman he knew from his time at the Academy. She can run numbers in her head almost as fast as a computer can. Sometimes Hux is certain that shes part droid. The council has no choice, and with no other candidates, she wins the position by default. Hux glances at her once the holos all vanish, she has remained in the back of the room during the meeting, listening. Congratulations on your promotion, he tells her. You know what to do. I will not fail you General! she swears to him. --- There have been several instances over the last three years where Hux has had to resort to violence to ensure his ends are met. If they are not swayed by his words, by the simple and obvious logic, too committed to their old and outdated ways then he needs them removed. He needs to ensure that those in his favor come to power. None of the deaths however haunt him quite as much as seeing that man die before his eyes in the restaurant. He still has nightmares about it, even years later. Hux has been sure to leave a false trail behind any time there is a body. Little hints and clues that suggest perhaps some pirate or bounty hunter or worse that the Resistance had caught the unfortunate council member. They didnt to know that it was Hux and Phasma, under layers of disguise, that had collect the bounty when there was one. That Hux had a sizeable sum of Republic credits that were hidden in a neutral account, unassociated with the Order and the Republic. It was hard to access, and he had put nearly half of it into precious metals and gems. Credits were unreliable, and many a trader on the Outer Rim prefered things more tangible. Phasma had benefited as well. Her soldiers saw new equipment, new facilities and training tech, while she herself acquired, what she described as the most beautiful blaster I ever laid eyes on. All this was attributed to the great work of the new head of finance, of course. The more bodies that were turned in for Republic bounties, the more fear ran through the ranked officers of the First Order. Each time a new body turns up the rest of the council goes into a panic and once again Huxs voice rises to calm the bedlam. He is strength, stability, stone faced and calm in the face of adversary. He will lead them to a newer, brighter, better future. One of order, without the blind chaos of democracy nor the corruption of a sole tyrannical ruler. Soon, they start to look to him for answers. For their next move. More and more they start to trust in him, those who may have been on the fence about aligning themselves with him start to see the appeal of young blood. The wisdom in his words and tactics. The necessity of change, of embracing and drawing in the rest of the Galaxy. When Hux goes to speak and meet with them privately, it is almost too easy. They want him to lead them. They trust him, they want a new direction for the Order. They dont want to be what the tarnished Empire once was. More importantly, they want Brendol out of power. So long as he controls the Academy, he controls the minds of the Orders youths. Discipline is needed, cruelty is not. Hux conducts many private meetings with select members of the Order for ways they can change things, to search for candidates who might be suitable replacements. He interviews new graduates from the Academy, it has been years since he was last there and he is unsurprised to learn that little has changed. More than half of them, when analyzed by the psych techs, are found to have some sort of anxiety. A few are so high strung that they burst into tears before their interview can even start. They expect Hux to mimic his father. It makes rage boil within the General. He cannot act freely, openly and show it, he cannot be overly compassionate either, lest he lose face. The redhead struggles to find a middle ground in how he handles these graduates. In the end, he tells them, sternly, but gently, that he is not his father and this is not the Academy. There are challenges ahead, hard work, but it is rewarded, it is acknowledged. Some of them however, have swung the other direction, developing dangerous tendencies, lacking empathy and taking joy in harming others. Those graduates chill him, they look at him with dead eyes, presenting smiles that dont reach their eyes. This tells Hux that if anything, his fathers cruelty has increased. It cannot be allowed to continue! He must remove his father from not only the council, but the Academy! Such a maneuver will be a difficult one. One that Hux cannot afford to fail on. First, he must remove his fathers supports. There are two of them, a woman and another man, together they, along with his father, control much of what happens at the Academy. So Hux sets up a meeting with the man, he looks like the slightly less terrifying one of the two. But not by much, theyre both incredibly cruel, Hux had been on the receiving end of brutality from both of them. He has Phasma dress in civilian clothes and accompany him, she will keep her comm channel open one way so she can listen to his conversation. Just in case something goes wrong. The silence is heavy between General and Captain as she pilots the speeder to the meeting. The meeting takes place at the mans private residence and before they even arrive, Huxs guts are trying to tie themselves in knots. I have a bad feeling about this, he murmurs as he watches the planet zip passed them. Phasma drops him off and then moves the speeder to a side alley nearby and flips her comm to the open channel. Hux knocks at the door to the mans residence and it opens for him. He feels the hairs on the back of his neck rise: he doesnt like this. The residence is dimly lit and eerily quiet. For a moment, Hux thinks that for once the Resistance actually did something useful and took out an enemy of his. That he is spared having to have this encounter. Please come in, he hears the other mans voice and he feels sick to his stomach. Hux never liked the man when he was at the Academy. Something about him set his teeth on edge. The last thing he wants to do is be alone in a room with him. Every cell in his body is screaming for him to run. He steels himself, and takes a step inside. The door shuts behind him, and beeps to indicate that it has locked. Hux feels his anxiety shoot up another notch. Commandant Jarles, he finally sets eyes upon the other man. Im glad that you agreed to me with me. I have some propositions that Id like to discuss. Do go on, Jarles is moving about, hes in his full uniform and is pouring himself a glass of brandy. He pours one for Hux as well. Hux accepts it but does not drink. Tell me all about these plans of yours. Ive heard so much about you, Brendol speaks so very highly of you. That takes Hux by surprise and he blinks, speechless for a moment as Jarles downs his drink. Does he now? he tries to recover, wishing that he didnt feel like throwing up. The hand not holding the glass of brandy is trembling. He balls it into a fist and tucks it against the small of his back as if he were at parade rest. Yes, Jarles refills his own glass. Always goes on about how you were a little runt of a thing and now look at you, General of the Order. I always thought he should have drowned you the second you were born, the Order has no space for weakness after all, he laughed sharply. My my didnt you surprise us all? he raises his glass in mock toast to Hux. Drink your brandy General, this is a fine vintage, from a most excellent year. Dont insult me by not accepting my hospitality. Hux raises the glass to his lips and takes the tiniest of sips. It is a good vintage, what planet is it from? Im not certain Im familiar with it, he almost cant hear his own voice his heart is thudding so loudly in his chest. He wants to run, screaming, from this place. There is something twisted in Jarles eyes and Hux feels like hes being undressed by the other man. It makes his skin crawl. Oh some little hell hole out in the Dalonbian Sector, Jarles grins wickedly at him and Huxs eyes widened minutely. It was a coincidence, he tells himself. It had to be! Surely Not much out there, really we should just wipe the place out, shouldnt we Shanna? Jarles calls to an unseen companion. Hux looks and sees the woman come out of the shadows. The second pillar of his fathers support at the Academy. She stands next to Jarles, her arms crossed, a sneer on her face. Quite right. We should target that system first, I think it would make a most excellent test for Starkiller, dont you General? her cold eyes meet Huxs and the General feels like she is pressing on his throat. As if she would have no qualms simply gutting him where he stood like a dumb beast. This was a trap, he needs to get out! I know nothing of the place, but we cannot fire Starkiller haphazardly, we must plan our strikes. Use the weapon effectively, Hux wishes his heart would stop thudding in his ears. That he could flee from the room, but trap or no, he must execute his move carefully. Even though wants to be as far away from these two as possible. He feels like he may be sick to his stomach. Wiping out an insignificant system has no consequence, the Republic will not care. Hes screaming in his head, even as his voice is calm. Even as his face shows no emotion. But in his mind he screams, he screams and begs and pleads. No! No not my home! Anywhere but that please! Please! No! No! No! I suppose youre right, Shanna sighs and Jarles pours her a glass of brandy. Well then, what was it you wanted to discuss with us, General? I had intended to speak with you about where your support lies within the First Order, Hux takes the smallest of sips from his brandy. He knows he is far from safe. He also suspects that this drink is drugged. But appearances must be kept up, they already suspect something. Otherwise they would not have laid this trap. The question was, how elaborately had they planned it? He shifts his weight slightly. In his boot, he feels the dagger hidden there press against his leg. His dagger. His mothers dagger. He had used poison up until this point, or off record blasters that could be thrown away. For this however, he had brought the blade. He had no real skill with it, but it was less expected than a blaster. No one thought of old weapons from savage ages and planets. As inelegant as it was, carrying it in this moment felt right , it was a small comfort to the General as he faced his enemies. Oh yes, thats right, Jarles chuckles. He said you might say something like that. I beg your pardon? Huxs grip on his glass of brandy tightened. Oh, Brendol has been convinced that all these deaths are linked to you somehow. That youre somehow killing off our own so you can steal power from him, utterly ridiculous, Shanna laughs far too loudly as she drinks her brandy. So do go on, please prove Brendol wrong, Id love to throw it back in his face. I was only present when one person died, this is ridiculous, my fathers paranoia gets the better of him, Hux scoffed, sneering slightly. He has to remember to emote appropriately. Too little reaction will give him away, just as readily as too much. Paranoia? Or perhaps you intend to betray us? Perhaps you intend to kill us all off and raise yourself up as Emperor? Jarles says, his voice deadly serious as he meets Hux eyes with a level gaze. He is weighing the young General, testing him. Emperor? Hux snorts and waves a hand, dismissing the idea.. I have no such designs. My goal is and always has been to see the Order flourish. My father stands in the way of that. Hence why I come to speak to you. So you are intending to overthrow him? Shanna questions, moving now, starting to circle Hux. If he stands in the way of making the Order stronger, if he holds us back, yes, Hux raises his chin, defiant and honest. Shanna is out of his line of sight and he doesnt like it, not one bit, but he dare not look to find her. He keeps his eyes trained on Jarles. This is it, this is the trap. He is so far into it that he cant back out. The only hope his has it to walk through it. The Order cannot survive if we cling to the past, we must move forward. We must adapt and change, or the Resistance will win and that foul Republic will remain in power. Everything I do is for the good of the Order, family ties have no role here. There is no space for sympathies, he tells the older man. And yet you balked at the suggestion of testing Starkiller on the Dalonbian Sector, though, Jarles points out calmly, taking a sip from his glass of brandy. Hux thinks he might choke on his own breath in that moment. Somehow he doesnt stagger at the implication, somehow he keeps talking, he allows anger to color his voice, to press him forward. I hardly see what that pathetic, backwater- He is cut off by a blow to his head. Shanna. Thats right, she had never come back into sight. Jarles had distracted him. Hux drops his glass of brandy and staggers, the room spinning. A blow comes to the back of his knees and everything goes fuzzy. Hux collapses, hearing the crackle of electricity. A stun baton, he realizes through his pain. Jarles is on him then, slamming a foot into his gut, kicking him over and over again as the General curls in on himself, trying to ward off the attack. Big words coming from a slave, Shanna spits as she brings the baton down on his ribs and Hux cries out. The air rushes out of his lungs and his world glazes over as the electrified blows rain down on him, his body spasming. Can you believe Brendol was stupid enough to think that we wouldnt find out about that little tarte? Shanna laughs as she starts to land vicious kicks to Huxs face that makes his lip split open and his teeth connect with his tongue and inside of his cheek. Blood pours from his mouth and then his eyes are watering as the heel of her boot catches his nose and blood flows from that. Small wonder he always hated the boy so much, Jarles agrees, leaning down and grabbing Hux by his hair, yanking him up to his knees. The blows have stopped for a moment and desperately Hux gasps for air, trying to figure out which way is really up, trying to get his limbs to cooperate with him. Did he really think that this pathetic little thing would be what moved him to power? He must have, too bad it went the other way around. Too bad the little shit ended up defying him at every turn instead of being a good little slave and puppet like he was supposed to, a hand closes around Huxs throat and he brings a hand up, trying to claw at it, to get it off him. His world is spinning and he tries to push them off of him, tries to break free. A strangled noise leaves him. Hes slammed face forward down into the floor then and a boot comes down heavily on his spine and he cries out. Another booted foot kicked his head and the world becomes spotty, even as he tries to stand, tries to fight. They stomp and kick at him, and for several long, terrifying moment Hux is certain that hes going to die the same way his mother did: crushed under an Imperial boot heel. By the Maker he is a slight little thing! I think he would break if we were to try and fuck him! Shanna exclaims. Thats what slaves are for after all. For breaking and fucking, she purrs in a sing-song voice that would make any reasonable person run for the hills. All so he could have a bid at being Emperor! I still cant believe that Brendol let the whore live as long as he did, what an idiot! Jarles is laughing as Hux tries to push himself up off the ground when they pause in their abuse of him. You shut up about my mother, Hux growls lowly as he struggles to his knees. Jarles looks down at him with a smirk. Still defiant, no wonder Brendol did all he could to kill you. I suppose that what he gets for letting you run wild for ten years. No discipline, but well fix that, wont we Shanna? Well show you how a slave is supposed to behave, he grabs Huxs face by his jaw and the General struggles back against him. But Shanna grabs his arms, twisting them up behind his back until the bones and muscles scream in protest and threaten to dislocate. On his knees, Hux finds his face forced against the crotch of the older mans pants. There is the smell of starch, of musk and sweat and Hux tires to jerk back from it, even as Jarles is forcing his jaw open. Youre going to suck me off like a good little bed slave, open up, Jarles hisses as he starts to undo his pants, pulling his cock free and stroking at himself. Hux renews his struggles, but Shanna twists his arms back higher and pain blinds him, making his eyes water and causing him to cry out. Be good for us and no one will ever know about your history. No one need ever know that youre the son of not only a whore but a slave at that. If you think anyone will follow you once they know that then youre dead wrong. Jarles takes the opportunity and forces Huxs mouth as wide as it will go and shoves himself inside. The General chokes, his mind a blur and adrenaline flooding him as he struggles to breathe, as his throat is closed off by the other mans cock. His thoughts abandon him, and he reacts on pure reflex: biting down as hard as he can. Jarles yowls, jerking his hips back, but Hux doesnt let go. He holds on, biting down until he tastes blood mingling with the precome in his mouth. Only then does he let go. The older man staggers back from him, hands clutching at his bloodied cock. Behind him Shanna actually gasps and then suddenly the pressure on his arms is released and she kicks him forward. The stun baton is raining blows down upon his back over and over again. Ill break you bone by bone little General! she screams at him. You fucking piece of trash! You dare to defy us? Youre nothing! she screeches. Nothing! Youre lower than dirt, fucking slave! Hux tries to crawl back from the blows, trying to roll away from her attack as his vision swims. Blood pools in his mouth. Her face comes into view suddenly as she reaches down and grabs him by his hair. He spits at her with all his might. Her face becomes covered in his blood and saliva and she recoils in disgust, wiping at her eyes. Releasing him when she does. Huxs hands go to his boot and pull the dagger from its sheath. Why you little bastard- Shanna starts and lunges at him, fully intent on bringing the stun baton down on his skull and splattering the floor with his brains. Hux dodges and then lunges forward, slamming the dagger up into her belly and tearing upwards with it as he pushes himself up to stand. Hot, wet blood pours out from the growing wound and Shanna is screaming and staggering backwards. Her hands scrambling to hold the entrails that are spilling out from her body. Jarles grabs him then, capturing him in a choke hold and Hux stabs backwards at him, blindly. His mothers dagger finds purchase again and again in the other man and blood splatters over the floors and wall. And still Jarles doesnt let go. Hux finds his strength leaving him, his world growing darker and his motions becoming weaker. Pain shoots through his spine. There is an explosion behind them. A breach, Hux realizes in the haze of his oxygen deprived mind. A moment later a shot rings out and time stands still. Fae! a female voice reaches his ears as Jarles suddenly falls away from him and fresh air surges into Huxs lungs. He falls to his hands and knees, dagger clattering on the floor beside him. Phasma is running into the room, she places another bolt in Jarles skull and turns to fire a round into Shannas face. It is quiet in the apartment, save for Huxs ragged breathing. Phas he manages weakly. He-Help me. Shes kneeling in front of him in an instant, helping him up, checking him for serious injuries. Hes covered in blood and badly bruised, but nothing feels broken. Nothing she can detect at least. She grabs his dagger as he leans against a wall for support, he cant stop shaking and the world wont stop spinning. Hes aware that she is cleaning his dagger off and kneeling next to him sliding the weapon back into its sheath inside his boot. What do we do about them? she asks. Torch the place. Burn everything, Hux whispers hoarsely. It takes everything he has to not shut down. To keep his eyes open and his thoughts coherent. He wants to scrub every inch of his body. He wants to tear his flesh off. He feels foul, disgusting. His thoughts then go to Kylo and the realization, the overwhelming empathy for the Knight makes the General sick to his stomach before they even have a chance to exit the residence.. He barely remembers Phasma helping him back to the speeder, them driving away and the residence erupting into a massive fireball behind them. Hux doesnt remember the shuttle ride back to the Finalizer . He doesnt remember getting back to his quarters. Everything surrounds him in a kind of haze, and it is remarkably hard to breathe. His back aches . It is the door locking that makes him jump, brings him back to the present. Pulls him out of the desperate attempt of his mind to cloud and glaze over what has just happened. He stares at Phasma, his brain not quite processing anything. His hands dangle loosely at his sides and he blinks at her. Youre covered in blood, Fae, Phasma tells him. We need to get you cleaned off. The General nods slowly, and without ceremony, strips his uniform off. He leaves it in a bloody heap on the floor, the Captain pulls his dagger from the mess of clothes and tucks it into the top drawer of one of his bedside dressers. The blood soaked uniform she dumps it into the garbage disposal chute as he limps into the bathroom. He moves like a man in a dream, someone in a trance, not really there. Had it all really happened? Hux looks down at his hands, theyre shaking, covered in blood. His mouth has a foul coppery and salty taste lingering in it. He fumbles with the shower handles and turns the water as cold as it will go as steps into the shower. The spray hits him and he groans softly. His entire body aches. He hears Shanna screaming at him, the baton striking his body. How had they found out? How had they known? How many others knew? Slaves are for breaking and fucking, her words echo in his head and Hux whimpers softly, sinking to the floor of the shower. He puts his hands over his ears as if it will drown out her words. As if it might erase the past few terrible hours. As if he can somehow forget that He cant stop the scream that leaves him. The cumulation of the stress of the past six years, the terror of tonight and the awful words that wont stop echoing in his head. A wordless wail rises from, he feels utterly consumed by it all. Hes drowning and burning and suffocating all at once. In this moment hes not the General anymore. Suddenly hes back on the raiders ship, hes seven years old again. And all he can do is scream. --- The sound of water running reaches her ears as Phasma pauses to stroke Millicent once. Then the agonized screaming starts. There she finds Hux on hands and knees under the spray of the shower screaming as he clutches his head. It looks like he might have been sick as well, its hard to tell as the spray washes away blood and bits of gore and it all mixes together into a foul rust brown color. Hux grows quiet then and simply moans and rocks under the spray, his hands moving over his mouth to muffle his cries. Then he falls silent entirely, leaning against the side of the shower, silently sobbing. Too much. It is all too much! And all he can do is shake under the cold water. His entire body hurts, hes covered in black and blue marks, some have purpled and a few of the baton blows have left electrical burn marks on his skin. He hurts all over. He aches deep down inside himself and he doesnt know how to make it stop, how to make it go away. All he can do is shake and sob under the cold water. The cold water drives away the feeling of their hands on him. It clicks then, why Kylo tends towards self destruction so frequently. The ghost sensations of being touched feel like theyve been imprinted on him. The words echo and scream in his mind. Burned into his subconscious like a brand. His next thoughts are to Kylo, knowing that his lover has suffered magnitudes worse than this and for so much longer. Hux hates himself for even thinking before that he could ever understand it and then in the same turn, longs desperately to have the Knight back. To hold him close and comfort him. To let him know that he understands . In the next breath, Hux realizes he can never tell Kylo. He could never hope to compare their experiences. To say that would be a mockery of his lovers suffering. This is nothing compared to the years to torment that Kylo had gone through. What would telling the Knight achieve? It would only cause him pain. Hux moans and covers his face partially with his hand, sobbing. He wants Kylo back! He wants Snoke dead! He wants his father dead! The Republic! All the rest of the corrupted and rotten Imperials! All of it! He wants it to stop! He just wants it to stop! When his lips start to turn blue with cold as he whispers stop, stop, stop under his breath over and over and the water runs clean off his body, Phasma intervenes. She reaches in and turns off the water. Hux glances at her, as if once again, just realizing that she is there with him. He feels shame flood him, but he doesnt have any fight left in him. He doesnt have any will or care, hes drained of it. You cant stay in there all night, Fae, she tells him quietly, offering him a towel. Hux looks like hes strongly debating doing just that. In the end though, he stands, shivering, and takes the towel from her. He hastily dries himself off and secures the towel around his waist as she goes into the bedroom. Phasma comes back into the bathroom then and tosses him a pair of boxers and a tank top. He pulls them on, determinedly not looking at her. As if she might just evaporate if he ignored her long enough. Fae, do you want to talk about it? She finally offers. She doesnt reach out to him physically yet. She gives him space. He shakes his head, swallowing heavily. No, his voice sounds weak and he coughs once, and tries to speak again. His voice is hoarse when he does. There is nothing to discuss. You heard, what they said You heard all of it. So what are you going to do about it? she asks him. Challenges him. Because Hux thrives on challenges. On winning and proving people wrong. He snorts and looks at her and she sees a flash of defiance in his eyes. Why, Im going to become Emperor of course. If nothing else, so I can once more ruin my fathers plans. Phasma smiles faintly, but as soon as Hux tries to take a step forward he staggers, almost collapsing. She moves to help support him. His face turns red with embarrassment. Thank you, Hux looks away from her, his voice quiet. Like those times in the atrium on the old Star Destroyer. Theyve lost that sanctuary now on the Finalizer and with Phasma overseeing training of the Stormtroopers on Starkiller, it has meant being alone for Hux, more and more frequently. For, you know, back there. Of course. I told you Im all in, you idiot, she helps him limp into the bedroom and eases him down onto the bed, sitting next to him as he breathes heavily. His hands are clutching the bedding beneath him tightly. He will have to answer for this. His father will notice, will seek to pin the blame on him. Hell have to answer to Snoke ! Phas? he looks back at her suddenly and in that moment he doesnt look like the terrifying General of the First Order. He looks small and scared. If his plot is uncovered, it will mean his death. The death of Mitaka and Ashara, of Phasma even if they are found out to be in connection with him. It strikes him with crippling fear. Will you stay tonight? his voice wobbles. He doesnt want to be alone after that. Hes doesnt want to wake up alone from the nightmares. Not even Millicent helps with that. In the three years since hes started working his way through the council, nothing soothes his nightmares anymore. He just wants to have another human being nearby. Just doesnt want to be alone. Cant be alone right. Please? He hates how weak he sounds. How desperately and badly he needs another human being near him. In the end Phasma ends up hugging him close against her in the bed as his body shakes with silent sobs. The stress and strain of it all eating away at him and finally pouring free. It is not easy to manipulate and kill. To fight the battles that he is, they take a toll on the redhead, a different one than those that Kylo fights. Their struggles are incomparable, but equally traumatic in their own way. Neither path is an easy one to walk alone. To be an island. The General will break before long, if something does not change soon. He cant keep doing this, sooner or later he will shatter entirely and when he does it will kill him. And they both know it. So Phasma holds him close until his trembling ceases. He and Kylo are more alike than they realize. She makes a point to stand at his side when he goes to the council meeting the following evening. Silently supporting him as he is cross examined, as the Commandant grasps at straws to pin this on him. But there is nothing to link the General to the deaths of Brendols two Co-Commandants, the council overrules the elder Hux and discards the case, calling it an assassination. It is the Vice Admiral who recommends the Generals chosen replacements, and they are voted in and the meeting finished. Hux and Phasma part ways afterwards, but when he returns to his quarters she is waiting for him. He barely is able to manage a grateful smile before he collapses into her arms, his body consumed by tremors. Phasma holds him close, stroking his hair until his trembling ceases. They dont talk about any of it. And the next day Captain Phasma returns to Starkiller. The base is nearly completed now and for the most part, livable. She has thousands of troopers training under her watchful eyes. Hux is glad she accepted the position. Starkiller is a safe place for her to be, a place where she can make an impact on those in the Order. General Hux stands on the bridge, gazing out into the vastness of space, his back straight despite the pain shooting through his spine. There is to be a meeting with the Supreme Leader in a months time, a new assignment. Until then Huxs orders are simply to maintain. He has sent a message to the Captain, asking her to be on the Finalizer for the week of the meeting. Behind him the quiet hum of consoles and the murmur of petty officers is a bit like white noise. Hux loses himself in it, letting his thoughts drift. Dopheld and Ashara will be back before long. He has been reviewing their reports and will have to present a summary of them to the council later. The council that is now in the palm of his hand. The council that now will vote in his favor. On every matter. He need only bide his time now. Find the perfect moment to strike. If he can avoid an all out war he will. He just needs to get Kylo back. To have the Knight safe with him before he acts, he cannot make his move with Kylo still trapped under Snokes thumb. Worry makes his brow knit. Assuming his Kylo was still alive. Assuming Snoke hadnt ripped the Knight apart from the inside out. Assuming that Kylo forgave him. That he still loved him. The General let out a quiet sigh and shifted slightly, straightening a little bit more, ignoring the pain racing through his back as he turned his attention back out to the stars once more. --- The clash of lightsabers fills the air. Hundred of blades cut, slice, stab and parry. There is the sound of heavy breathing, grunting and battle cries. Dodge. Strike. Strike. Evade. Run now. Draw them in. Attack! Attack hard! Push them back! Strike! Turn your pain, your anger into an efficient tool! The mantra of words echos in the minds of the combatants. Do not be afraid of the Force. Do not be afraid of its power. Let it guide you. Do not fight it. Flow with it. Be the storm. The river. The erupting volcano on Mustafar. Dance with it. It is your partner, not a competitor. It is the only partner you will ever need. Embrace it. Kylo Ren moves among the combatants, his own lightsaber clipped to his hip. He watches over his students as they practice. Every so often he steps between two battling pupils to adjust ones form or to demonstrate a better technique before allowing them to continue their sparing. He doesnt remember how long the children have been under his guidance. How long ago his Master took him to the west wing of the citadel and told him that he was too weak to be a Master himself. If he could not even go through the baptism of the Dark Side, if he could not even go through the rituals of bonding with an Apprentice, then he was nearly useless to the Supreme Leader. What good was he if he could not be a proper vessel for the Dark Side to take root in? But his Master was good. His Master was wise. He had benevolently entrusted Kylo with the teaching of the hundreds of abandoned No they were stolen. Stolen. Why else would they weep for mothers and fathers?  children. He had trusted Kylo and Kylo must not fail him! The children feared Snoke, he could not reach them, but Kylo. Kylo with his sad eyes and human face could reach them, teach them how to master themselves and the Dark Side. Show them how to unlock their truest potential. And then? Once the children knew all that the Knight of Ren could teach them? Snoke would take them, lead them against the Jedi, crush what was left of the Light Side. Grid it into a fine bone dust. The thought made Kylo uneasy, but he quashed it down. Buried it deep inside himself where it might never see the light of day. He did not want a war between Light and Dark. If he could have his way, the Light Side could just stay on the other side of the Galaxy and leave them alone. He would be perfectly happy with that. He doesnt want the conflict, the bloodshed. He doesnt want to see the children, his children, die at the hands of the Republic and the Jedi. They are a part of him now. To lose them would cause him such agony. He has learned the names of every single one of them. He has taught them, cared for them, held them at night when they have wept with fear from the nightmares. He understands how hard this path is, how fraught with peril it is. He fears for them, every day, that they may become tools in the war that is brewing on the horizon. But all his doubts he keeps locked away. Hidden in the darkest corners of his soul. He must not let his Master hear his doubts! It was too late for doubts, too late too late. His Master is wise. His Master knows what must be done. Snoke knows and Kylo must not fail him! He knows Snoke does not approve of his teaching methods. Where Kylo is patient, Snoke flies into rages. Where Kylo demonstrates over and over again, Snoke shows once and expects perfection. Kylo uses praise, and Snoke simply does not punish the children within an inch of their lives. How many times has the Knight physically put himself between his Master and a child? How often does Kylo shelter the children in his care from the worst of his Masters rage? There have been nights when Kylo has felt his very bones bruise and threaten to break under Snokes cruel hands. But it has kept the children safe. The hollow eyed children who seem to grow more and more listless as if the life and will is being sucked out of them. As this terrible place drains their very souls. They are becoming mere puppets. They never laugh. Never smile. Never even get angry anymore. They simply stand or slump in corners of the great halls, still as statues, unless he is instructing them, almost as if they are droids. This place is killing them. They are too young, too vulnerable, to be here. They cannot guard against the draining effects of this dead planet. There isnt one that has hit puberty yet and Kylo does all he can to keep his Masters gaze from them. He cannot defy Snoke outright, but he can at least distract him. These children will not suffer as he has. They will grow strong in the Force, they will find their own paths! Then they started to die. The youngest ones first. It had devastated Kylo. He had found them on one particularly bitter cold morning, huddled together like pups and thought them sleeping. It was when hed tried to rouse them that he discovered they had died. The Knight had wailed and screamed, his pain echoing through the Force like a riptide. His Master had punished him for that. His Master was wise. Too much emotion would blind them all. His Master was right to punish him. There are half as many children now as Kylo walks among them. Some have died from handling their saber carelessly. Others, like the smallest, youngest ones, had simply not woken up on some days. Those Kylo takes out into the wasteland and burns their bodies. He does not know what his Master did with the corpses of the youngest ones when they died. He doesnt dare ask. His Master is wise. Sometimes Snoke watches him train the children. Sometimes he does not. More recently it has been the latter. Kylo actually cannot remember when his Master last visited the west wing of the citadel. Has his Master forgotten them? Has he left them all there to die? Alone on this barren void? The thought tempts Kylo into wild dreams. He could take the children, run away from here with them! But where? How? That small ship he finds in the wastelands every month cannot possibly hold them all. He cannot leave them here! This is a test. It must be. He must not fail. His Master would be most disappointed if he did. He will not disappoint his Master. Snoke is wise. Snoke is not blinded by petty emotions. He is a true vessel for the Dark Side, and one day, (perhaps if Kylo does well here?) he can receive that dark baptism. He will not shy away from the glass that contains part of the Void itself. He will accept it wholeheartedly. What else is there to do? What else might he live for other than to do as his Master wishes? There is nothing else He dare not think of the man with red hair and sad green eyes. Every time he does, Kylo feels something warm bubble up in his chest. It is painful and frightening and before long he comes to despise the man in the holo for what he makes Kylo feel. It is dangerous to feel this way. The temptation to fall to the Light is a danger he must always be wary of. His Master has scolded him time and time again for his compassion. He stops watching it when he takes leave to the ship. But that resolve doesnt last long. He barely makes it a night. The next morning, Kylo is watching the holo again, hugging the pillow and sobbing. He whispers an apology to the man who cannot hear him, its just a recording after all. But, oh he is afraid! He is so afraid! So very afraid of the feelings coursing through him! Kylo brings himself back to the present, watching the children spar. He feels a small swell of pride. Those that have survived have worked hard and come far. Surely a better future awaits them Apprentice, Snokes voice reaches his ears and the training hall goes silent. Instantly Kylo and the children are on their knees before the ancient being. Master, Kylo intones, bowing his head. Walk with me, Apprentice, Snoke motions for him to follow and Kylo scrambles to his feet to catch up to him. Snoke gives the children no orders and Kylo barely has a moment to glance back at them before the stone doors of the west wing close behind him and his master. I have a task for you to attend to, Snoke drawls as he turns to face the human. There is a rumor of a map. A map that leads to the location of the Last Jedi: Skywalker. Kylo nods, listening raptly. You are to work with the First Order, a military organization that I have been in contact with, to see to it that the map is either found and returned to me or destroyed, Snoke catches Kylos chin under a finger and tilts it upwards. His Apprentice lowers his eyes. For your sake, for the sake of those children in that hall, you had best find it. If the Resistance gets a hold of it then their Force users will unit with Skywalker against us. And they will slaughter everyone. You must not let that happen. Am I understood? Kylos throat works, parched and dry. Hes trembling and cant seem to stop. Something is wrong! Something is off! But what? Where is the lie? His brain scrambles to right itself to try and find its way out of the trap. He manages a weak nod of his head. This seems to satisfy Snoke, because he lets go of Kylo and continues to walk, speaking as he does. You are to work in tandem with one General Hux. You will both make reports to me. The General has many resources at his disposal, take advantage of them. Use them, and bring the map back to me. I will not fail you, my Master, Kylo whispers, bowing his head. Then go. Show the Galaxy the power of the Dark Side, Snoke gestures for him to leave and handing him a chip with the Star Destroyers coordinates on it. Kylo does as he is bidden, pausing only to collect his helmet from that cold room in the highest tower. There is a growing feeling of unease in his gut as he walks back to the ship in the wasteland. His ship. That was right. The ship was call Salvaged Hope . It was his  somehow. Kylo wishes he could remember. There are strange gaps in his mind. Whole years of his life that are somehow missing. Things that felt important. But if they mattered so much, would he not remember them? What was he forgetting? Why did going to work with this First Order make his stomach flip-flop? What was worse, was that he felt that strange stirring in his chest again. It was a painful and tight feeling. It made him pine and long for  something he couldnt remember. It was on the tip of his tongue and yet he couldnt recall it. The old ship jumped into hyperspace. He had a few days. A few days to eat, to sleep and clean himself. To prepare for whatever sort of military this First Order was. He would find this map, and if anyone in the First Order stood in his way, he would kill them. Even the General himself. Skywalker could not be allow to harm No thats wrong. Kylo shivered as he stripped his robes off. These were basically rags now, no good to him. They were better off being disposed of then attempting to salvage them. His Master was wise. He knew what the Jedi were capable of. Skywalker and the Resistance would seek out and destroy No No that isnt quite right. But his own family had rejected him. They had sent him away! Kylo remembers this ! They had sent him away to be cured and fixed, because he was dark and wrong and broken! They didnt understand, they never understood! They never even tried! A sob broke from Kylos lips and he hunched over the small sink, hiding his face in his hands. His head hurt. His chest felt like it might burst. It felt like something was pulling him apart at the very seams. He collapsed to the floor, nude and unclean still, huddling there under the sink that stuck out from the wall, shivering and crying. The ache refused to leave. It burned until he was screaming and howling on the floor of the tiny bathroom. Something great and terrible warred within him and it terrified him, because he couldnt remember . What had he forgotten? Why had he forgotten it? The emptiness of space held no answers for him. --- General, Snoke stared down at the man before him. Hux stood, back straight, but the ancient being could sense unease through the Force. Ah yes, the General had been quite busy over the past few years. Snoke could almost laugh, the man was determined, he had to acknowledge that. Credit where it was due. But the Generals latest moves within the shadows of politics within the First Order had nearly cost him his life to get that power, and how had he used it? For the good of the Order. How human of him. It was almost charming that the little man before him thought that he stood even a fraction of a chance against Snoke. Oddly endearing that he was so stupidly optimistic. That he thought he could just take out the Republic and then Snoke like pieces on a Dejarik board. That he thought that Snoke didnt know, was laughable. That Hux was prideful enough to believe that the Supreme Leader and his deep connection to the Dark Side had not sensed true intentions, had not uncovered the feelings that were blooming like night lilies between Apprentice and General. That Snoke hadnt seen what truly lay in his heart six years ago when he had ripped up that memory and reminded the younger Hux of his true and only purpose. It was a mistake, an error that would soon prove to be fatal to the General. For both men had operated under the assumption that the discovery of their relationship by Rens Master would result in their instantaneous punishment and death. But Snoke had not survived for the centuries that he had without being aware of what his pawns thought. He had learned that it was far better for to not directly confront. To let them hang themselves. There was a reason that Snoke was the Supreme Leader. Hux might think he knew about long cons, that he was crafty and clever. And he was, for a human. Then again he had come from a proud bloodline. A coincidence meeting, that Snoke had been more than happy to help nudge along. But that wasnt why Snoke had summoned him. The Resistance has begun hunting for a map. A map that leads to the Last Jedi: Luke Skywalker, Snoke looks down at the man, Hux shows no expression as he stares right back at the Supreme Leader. The man before him has gotten better at clouding his thoughts since that day six years ago. Better at hiding his emotions. Not as good as his Apprentice was, but strong enough, that it presented an unforeseen complication. To rip his mind open again now, would kill the General. And without its leader the First Order is useless to him. But things are getting dangerous, Hux has gained much support over the years. In the event that Snoke has to dispose of him, controlling the Order will be difficult. Then again, Hux is not the only one with contingency plans. But this map, its potential to bring Luke Skywalker back into play, no that cannot be had. Skywalker, the Light Side, can ruin everything. And Snoke is so very close to having things completed. We must acquire it before they do. But if we cannot it must be destroyed. It shall not fall into Resistance hands. I will see to it! Huxs voice is steady, a small hint of defiance. He had not broken under the pressure, yet. This would prove to be interesting. See to it that you do not. I shall grant you a resource to assist you in this mission, Snoke steeples his fingers. My Apprentice: Kylo Ren. The faintest flickers of emotions cross over Huxs face and then the doors to the meeting chamber open and the heavy fall of boot steps echos behind the General. Hux stiffens, fighting down the urge to turn around. Pain shoots through his back at the sudden motion. He never had tended to the damage there, doing so might raise suspicions about how he got such an injury. So it had gone untreated for the better part of a month. Now however, he ignores it, because it is taking all his willpower to focus. His heart races and he clenches his hands into fists in order to keep from shaking. His blood is pounding in his ears and he barely hears the Supreme Leaders next words. All his brain can manage is a single thought, the hope that hes clung to for six long years: Kylo has been returned to him! And of course it would be in dramatic fashion. Hux schools his expression to one of indifference. He knew he should expect nothing less from the powerful Force-Users. They were as superfluous and mysterious as they were powerful and unstable. Having Ren on board again meant hed best start budgeting for console repairs, again. Kylo moves to stand next to the General and the other man casts a sidelong glance at him. Expression unimpressed, uninterested. A mask of disdain on his face. The Knight is silently glad for his own, physical mask in place, as he peers slightly at the General. He is terrible at hiding his emotions. And this is a test of all of his restraint. For he knows this man, has seen that face before! The expression had been softer, the eyes too, and so filled with sadness, not the harsh and chilling look that was in place now. The Knight feels his stomach flip over on itself. Feels something stir deep within him. His mouth is dry and he suddenly aches . That painful desire rises up inside him again but he doesnt understand what it is for. It sets his nerves on edge. It frustrates him, but also excites him. Answers. He can finally have answers! For this man, this mighty General Hux of the First Order, is the same one that appeared in the holo recording Kylo found hidden in the shuttle! Kylo wants to reach out and touch him. To see if he is actually really real. To shake him. To scream at him. Who are you? How do you know me? That holo, those words, are-are they true? Please! Please tell me! I have to know! I I need to know! Please why? Why leave that holo message? That food? Do you do you really love me? But he doesnt. He crushes down all his feelings into a tiny black marble and throws them down into the abyss. He must not let his Master know! He must not! This secret is his , this small desire, it is Kylos to hold close and keep. He must present a blank slate to his Master. Snoke must not know! The Supreme Leader stares down at them. He drones on for a moment longer about the importance of this mission, about the dangers that Skywalker and the Resistance present. Then dismisses them, his massive holo vanishing. It is then that Hux finally turns to face him. Kylo mimics his actions and the two men regard each other. Hux blinks. It is a slow motion, it reminds Kylo of a cat. There is something there, trembling, unspoken, just beneath the surface, Kylo can feel it. He tilts his head, silently questioning the other man. Hux gives him nothing. The other mans mind is clouded, like white noise and it would take some effort to push inside and drag out the answers he craves. It would hurt to do so. Hurt both of them. So Kylo remains motionless, so still that he might as well be petrified stone, afraid to make the first move, afraid to reach out and beg for the answers that he desperately craved. Instead he stared back at Hux from behind his mask, heart racing, even as he consciously worked to control his breathing. I understand that youve just arrived, Hux finally speaks, his voice is clipped and sharp. Nothing like the way hed spoken in the holo. No, it wouldnt be. That holo was old. Perhaps Those words that had made such warmth blossom in the Knights chest  perhaps they had been for a limited time. Perhaps the other mans love had finally run out? Doubt floods the Knight. Perhaps the redhead had grown tired of waiting and was angry? He cannot tell, and it hurts . I will give you some time to get settled. We have much work to do. At your leisure, I would like to discuss what tactics we might employ to approach this mission most effectively. You know the Force, Hux gestures at Kylo with his hand. I do not, so your insight is appreciated so this does not deteriorate into a wild wampa chase. There is no trace of warmth, no familiarity. It stings a bit and Kylo feels let down. He feels the ache in his chest go from wanting to burst forth to wanting to drag him down to the bottom of the darkest lake and die there. There is nothing here. Nothing, it was a foolish hope. A dream. Kylo is so wrapped up in his frustration, in his disappointment, that he fails to realize that Hux is standing there still, waiting expectantly for a response from him. Hux coughs slightly and Kylo is jerked back to the present. Understood, General. For a moment he thinks he sees a flicker of disappointment cross Huxs face, but it is gone so fast that Kylo is certain that he imagined it. The General looks away then and starts to walk, Ren falls into step beside him. It feels familiar somehow. As if theyve done this before But when? Hes never seen this man in the flesh before today. Captain Phasma will be glad to hear that youve returned. You should report to her division when you find the chance, Im sure- Returned? Ren is grateful for the modulator on his mask, it hides the break in his voice. The pained confusion. Hux comes to a halt so sharply that his greatcoat nearly goes sliding off his shoulders. The General whirls on Kylo and a hand reaches out as if to grab him. Then stops short and the fingers curl tightly into a fist and the limb falls to the Generals side. Kylo is half way through the motion of drawing his lightsaber, his heart racing, not understanding what has provoked the other man. Huxs face is no longer blank, but intensely studious, almost angry. Eyes narrowed as they dart, scanning Ren up and down, making him feel like a specimen under examination. It makes Ren itch and want to shy away. But he does not, he tenses, not willing to back down from this strange dance. This dance that only raises more questions in his mind. His mind that feels like it is as ragged as some of his old robes. He cant patch his thoughts together. He doesnt know how to answer Huxs scrutiny. Come see me when you have the time, Hux finally says, taking a step back and his expression sliding back into one of indifference. There are pressing matters unrelated to our mission that we need to discuss. He pulls out a datapad then and steps through the doors and out into the halls, leaving Kylo alone in the threshold of the chamber. The Knight stands there, watching him leave until he vanishes by turning a corner. --- Something is wrong. The message beeped on Phasmas datapad. She picked it up with a frown. What do you mean? She typed back. Kylo. The Captain sat bolt upright at that, almost breaking her datapad as she typed her response back. Hes back?!? Physically, yes She can almost see the General hesitating as he types. There are things that he wont put in print, things that if ever found might raise questions. Do you want me to talk to him? Hes my husband after all. She cautiously ventures ... The silence makes her skin crawl. Then finally Hux gives her a proper answer. No. No not yet. When is Mitaka expected to return? Like that he was changing the subject. Pushing the matter aside. Phasma suspected because it was too dangerous to linger on for an extended period of time. I believe he and his wife shall be returning within the a few months. Good. --- Kylo sat in the pilots seat of Salvaged Hope . The little ship had docked in a restricted hanger, one that had a passcode that only he knew. Somehow. It unnerved him. There were things that felt so familiar , yet he could recall none of them. Could not understand the unease that filled him. It make him feel like someone had pulled the floor out from under him and he was perpetually in the act of falling. No matter how he scrambled he couldnt seem to right himself, yet he never seemed to hit the bottom either. He had been assigned quarters on the massive Star Destroyer, but something about the rooms felt wrong. It felt off. Like something was missing, but he didnt know what. People looked at him in the hall and he felt flickers of recognition from them. They knew him, but he didnt know them. Kylo didnt like that. He felt strange. Off balance. Something had been stirred in him that would not be quieted. A curiosity. A hunger. And he had no idea what to do about either. How to react to them. So here he was, hiding in the only place that had offered him sanctuary while he was under his Masters thumb. He took a slow breath in and let it out, trying to get his hands to stop shaking. His Master was not here. Snoke was light years away. The children were safe, they were too valuable to his Master now, Snoke would not dare harm them. Kylo would complete this mission and they would remain safe from the horrors of the purge that threatened. His Master would see to it that they survived. The knowledge that he was away from his Master made Kylo bold. He chewed on his lip, staring at his helmet as it rested on the pilots controls. He knew why he was off kilter. It was all because of Hux. Because of that strange holo. The question was did he dare? What consequence was there if he was wrong? Or worse, what if he was right ? What would you do if you were not afraid, little supernovae? A chill runs through him, and he puts a hand over his heart, feeling it suddenly pain. Who had called him that? Why did it feel familiar? Why did it feel safe ? He rocked slightly in the pilots chair, clutching his chest, head bowed. How long had it been since he felt safe? He wasnt safe with his Master, Kylo knew this. His Master was wise. His Master was cruel. But he was light years away Did Kylo dare? Swallowing heavily, he reached out with the Force, slowly scanning over the tens of thousands of souls aboard the Finalizer . There were some who felt familiar, that tickled something in the back of his mind. But then he found the General. Hux sat alone in his office, reading over reports. Bored and  preoccupied. Worried. That was intriguing. Kylo pressed further with the Force. --- Hux felt the office dip in temperature and looked up from the report, half expecting the Knight to be standing at his desk before him. But he was disappointed to find that he was wrong. Then came the brush of a hand against his mind. Something noncorporeal. Hux smiled faintly, shivering. Hello, Kylo, he whispered softly, setting the report down and leaning back in his chair, closing his eyes as he felt the Knight tentatively nudging at his mind. --- Kylo gasped, pulling back slightly, retreating as Hux spoke. The Knight was shaking. Hux had known it was him! How? It was as if he was No! Kylo shook his head. There was no way that the General  Was there? Slowly, he reached out again. --- Hux felt the pressure on his head retreat, almost vanish entirely. It took every iota of self control not to cry out. Not to beg the Knight to not leave. Control, he had to stay in control of himself. An extreme reaction would scare the Knight away. He had already acted like a fool earlier. Had almost allowed himself to break the facade hed been working so hard to maintain. Careful, he had to be careful here, no matter how much his heart ached. Whatever had happened in these last six years, whatever Snoke had done to Ren, it had damaged him. And the wound ran deep. He sat very very still now. Holding his breath, waiting to see if the Knight returned. Huxs patience was rewarded and he felt the gentle prodding and tugging of the Force that he had felt so many times in the past. Like a pup sniffing at a door and scratching at it to be let in. It was clumsy, Kylo wasnt very elegant with his mind reading, not when he was actively seeking something out. Slowly, Hux forced himself to relax, bit by bit. To lower the mental barriers that hed worked so hard over the years to construct. He had to be careful here. Too much at once would overwhelm the Knight, would scare him away. Then he felt the Knight dip inside his mind, and he clenched his teeth in pain, a hand gripping the arm of his desk chair. Kylo moved about like a hurricane. He always did. Grace was something he lacked in and Hux was breathing harshly, body tensed in pain as the Knight unturned everything. --- Kylo starred. Hux was letting him in. Why? Taking a deep breath the Knight submerged himself in the waters of the Generals mind. He expected it to be dark beneath the surface. Filled with horrible things. But it isnt. He finds himself in a field of flowers. There is sunlight so warm and bright that it feels real. Hux stands before him, looking ridiculously out of place in his black uniform amongst the bright flowers and sunlight. Kylo can only stare at the other man. Dont be afraid, Hux whispers to him, holding out a hand to him, palm up, a peace offering. I feel it too. Kylo flees in a pure panic. He resurfaces from the connection with the General with a gasp, soaked in sweat, his head spinning and heart racing wildly. Hux knew something! Hux had the answers! How? How did he know? Rage and fear surge through the Knight in equal parts and he wants to do nothing more than go to Huxs office and demand answers. Kylo fights with himself for a moment, fear restraining him. But his curiosity, his need is stronger than his fear. His thirst for answers, his anger at the confusing feelings that storm about in his chest. In seconds he grabs his helmet and slips it on over his head. The motion emboldens him and he is walking through the halls with purpose, marching past Stormtroopers and officers alike and they scatter at the sight of him. Good. Let them be afraid. --- Kylo recoils from Huxs mind so fast that the Generals vision goes splotchy and then the next moment he is shaky and weak. His stomach clenches and then hes vomiting into the waste bin. That was stupid of him. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! To say something like that, to have thought for even a moment that it wouldnt spook the Knight. To have thought Kylo would have remembered the exchange between them when they discussed his connection to the Light years ago. When the Knight had opened himself to Hux and the General had felt that glow that almost took on a physical warmth in the Knights chest. If Kylo was so damaged that he couldnt remember Phasma, that he couldnt remember having been here before, what chance was there that he would remember that? Hux picked himself up off the ground from where he was kneeling by the waste bin, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. Slowly he stood, leaning over his desk, trying to catch his breath. To gather his wits. He had to stop reacting like a desperate idiot! He had to- The door to his office slid open and he barely had time to look up, to register the massive black cloaked figure entering his office, despite the door being locked, before he was flung backwards against the wall. Hux felt his skull crack against the wall and his vision went black for a moment. He blinked rapidly, trying to clear his vision, struggling against the invisible bonds that restrained him. Ren what the hell? he exclaimed. WHAT DO YOU KNOW? the Knight roared, his masked face almost touching Huxs. How do you know me? How did you get on my ship? TELL ME! Get on your ship? What are you talking about Ive not seen you in six years! Hux struggled against the Force bonds that held him trapped. Dont play games with me! Ren snarls and Hux feels a hand close on his throat, choking him. It is cold and heavy, Kylo is actually choking him. Why did you leave me that message? How do you know me? What happened six years ago? Even with the modulator in Kylos mask, Hux recognizes the undertone of panic. How many times has he heard it before? The Knight is afraid. But more worrisome, Kylo Kylo doesnt remember. Hux tries to speak, but only a choking noise comes out. Rens hands go to grab at the front of his uniform and the Knight bodily throws him across the office. Hux collides with the edge of his desk with a painful yelp and collapses. His back flares up into agony that makes his head swim. Kylo- Kylo listen- he manages before the Knight is on him again, grabbing him and shaking him violently. Dont fuck with me Hux! Dont lie to me! I will kill you! Ren snarls. He is tired of being toyed with! Of being manipulated! He needs the answers! Needs them like air or hell go mad! No more games! Tell me! Tell me why! Why did you leave me that message? What do you want from me? Kylo- Hux reaches up then, trying to grab hold of the Knight, to get him to stop! His hands catch on the rim of Kylos helmet. His fingers find the releases, just where they always had been, and he presses them. The helmet hisses and Ren freezes above him. Hux doesnt hesitate, he lifts the impossibly heavy helmet off of the Knights head and drops it to the ground. Wide, terrified eyes stare at him, Kylos mouth is hanging open in shock. His face is pale, hes too thin again. His eyes are filled with fear where there was once life and hope. How- Ren chokes on his words. How did you- Shh, Hux whispers, just glad that Ren has stopped shaking him. Stopped slamming his head into the metal desk behind him. Slowly, carefully, he moves his hands, pushing the long, unkempt hair back from Kylos face. He wants to do nothing more then pull Kylo against him and hug him! No! No he has to stay calm, to be mindful. The Knight is scared and Hux needs to talk him down off this ledge. He needs try to wake the Knight up from whatever nightmare he is trapped in. Carefully now. Carefully. Listen to me a rnsearc - Rens hand finds Hux neck again and closes around it, pressing in on his Adams apple. What does that mean? he hisses. Why do you call me that? That holo message! Tell me you bastard! You- Hux chokes, gasping for air. Panic floods him. You dont remember? The General feels rage build in him, even as Kylo threatens to choke the life out of him. Snoke had done this, how? How? Kylos mental defenses were so strong! What had Snoke done to him? And then, the guilt came, the flooding ache that because Hux had not been able to protect the Knight, had not been able to stop Snoke, that was why Kylo was like this now. Why he was suffering so much. REMEMBER WHAT? Kylo screams. TELL ME! His grip suddenly loosens and then falls away entirely as he slumps to his knees before Hux, holding his head in his hands. It hurts! Every time I try to put the pieces together it hurts! What did you do to me? Hux stares at the man who was once his lover, trying to catch his breath and then slowly sits up, wincing in pain as he does. He listens to the Knight rock and moan before him. Kylo, slowly Hux reaches out and touches the Knights hands that are hiding his face and slowly pulls them away. The Knight shudders. Warmth. Oh Maker, Hux is so warm! How is that even possible? How? Even through the leather gloves! He looks up at the General and sees the man from the holos, with the kind expression and such sad eyes.  T gr again duit,  Hux whispers, his voice barely audible, hoarse and strained from Kylo choking him. And Ive waited and hoped for six years that you might come back to me. That I hadnt lost you forever. Slowly, he pulls off a glove and presses his hand, warm and slightly callused against Kylos cheek, cupping it. Kylo gives a broken moan, eyes sweeping closed as he leans into the touch. It is familiar. Safe. It makes the ache in his chest bloom into something else entirely. It runs through him, hot and swift and he feels color rise in his cheeks as Hux just holds him like that. That single touch, and things start to bubble, to boil beneath the surface. Things hes ignored. Things hes crushed down. Buried deep, deep down in a place where no one can find them. All the things hes forgotten. I hope that this time I can protect you a rnsearc , Hux whispers, there is an intense look in his eyes. Rage, sorrow and sadness and hope and a thousand other thing swirl about. The emotions pour from the General. That I can do better by you than I did before. That Snoke never touches you again- Kylo whimpers at the words and lurches forward, pressing his face against Huxs chest. He cant stop shaking, he suddenly cant get enough air! Lean arms wrap around him, holding him tightly as he gasps and breathes in the scent that is undeniably Feidhelm . The name comes to him then, jumbled amongst pained feelings and flashes of whiskey. Of dark confessions and confrontations about each others parentage. Tears and fights and misunderstandings. It all blends together then with stories of festivals and flower crowns. Nights spent in the atrium of an ancient relic of a Star Destroyer drinking wine and talking, stealing kisses and gentle touches. Of feeling so, so safe. Feidhelm, Kylo whispers suddenly looking up at the redhead. Your name. The one your mother gave you, that you keep secret. Its Feidhelm. Thats right, Hux swallows and stares back at him, leaning down to place a gentle kiss on his forehead. It makes the bottom of Kylos stomach drop out and flip-flop. This this feeling...it is love , the Knight realizes. Kylo feels it then, surging forth, it flows from the other man without inhibition, like a river released from a dam after decades of build up. Its current is so swift and powerful it threatens to drown the Knight right then and there. And he lets it do so. He lets it knock him off his feet and carry him away. And then he is pressing his face against the Generals lean chest and sobbing for all he is worth. He lets himself be covered in the warmth and light that Hux seems to have an endless supply of. It makes the thing in his chest, the things hes buried and forgotten, rise up from the depths, buoyed up by the warmth and light. Kylo craves it, he hungers for it like he never has before. Not even when he was the most starved at Snokes citadel. This is the feeling that had risen up in himself every time he watched that holo. That feeling of being treasured and loved and cared for. HUX! he sobs and Kylo presses his face against Huxs neck, nuzzling at him, shaking and desperate to feel warm skin against his own. Hux cups the Knights face in his hand again, a thumb stroking over his cheek. Youre good, Kylo, Hux is whispering. Youre so good. Youre safe here. I promise. I promise, Ill never let him touch you again. A rn mo chro , his voice wavers and hes babbling in a foreign language as Kylo presses against the warm hand stroking his cheek, panting for air. Its too much! Too much all at once! The warmth, the touch, the memories and sensations. He feels like he might explode! Might shatter apart into a million pieces. And yet he cant get enough. A choked sound leaves his throat and hes breathing too fast. Hux is talking to him again, curling him close, low voice steady in his ear. Gradually the Knights breathing slows. The world stops spinning and Kylo finds himself on his back, half in Huxs lap, gazing up at him as the General strokes his hair. Do you remember? Hux asks quietly. Kylo frowns and bites his lip. It feels incomplete. Parts are missing. Gaps. He shakes his head. Fragments here and there. Like like a puzzle missing its pieces, his brow knits and he glances up at Hux, suddenly afraid. He doesnt remember if Hux gets mad at him like his Master does. Does Hux hurt him? Punish him? The redhead doesnt yell. Doesnt strike him. Hux simply looks at him with those same sad, heartbroken eyes from the holo. Did did Snoke do this to you? Make you forget? Kylo shakes his head, tries to explain. It I buried it so he wouldnt find it, his fingers are fussing with the hem of Huxs uniform jacket as he speaks. Deep deep down. But, he chews on his lip again, anxiety flooding him. I want to remember...I dont know how to recall it. How to bring it all back. Hux nods. Well work on it. Itll come back, a rnsearc , he places a kiss on Kylos forehead again and Kylo feels warmth flood him once more, from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. And instantly he feels unworthy of it. If he and Hux were lovers, then that means that for the past six years, every time he had knelt before his Master, every time hed submitted to him Tell Hux Im so so sorry! The message. The message hed begged Shelishs ghost to send to Hux. Because there had been no other way. He was disloyal. Dirty. Kylo pulls away from Hux, sitting and hunching his shoulders, hands going to clutch his head. Oh no! he moans. No, no, no, no! Kylo- Hux reaches out to him. DONT TOUCH ME! Kylo snarls and Huxs hand jerks to a stop, hovering and trembling. Dont touch me! Im filthy! Im awful! I-I- His nails dig into his scalp and he feels the skin break and blood well up. The next thing he knows, he is pinned on his back, Hux is straddling his hip and Kylo finds his hands held to the floor by the Generals and Hux is staring down at him with such rage . Kylo whimpers, flinching, expecting a blow. It never comes. Slowly his hands are released and Huxs are stroking over his face, skin against skin. At some point the General took off his other glove and now it is all just warm skin. Shh. Listen to me now, Hux whispers. You are none of those things, Kylo. He sighs heavily. His worst fear, that Snoke had tortured the Knight in the worst way. Broken him down and undone all the years of work and love Hux and the others had given the Knight. Huxs comm beeped urgently in the tense silence and he cursed the thing. He had a meeting that hed forgotten about. He leaned down so he was bent over the Knight, despite how his back protested, and pressed their foreheads together. Kylos arms go around him and cling to him. Come to my quarters, tonight? Hux asks him quietly. Let me take care of you? Like I used to? Please? His comm beeps again and Kylo nods as a small tremor starts in his belly. His mind is filled with the taste of fruit and taste, soft touches and gentle kisses and skin against skin and warmth... In the barest of whispers manages to say: Okay. --- Waiting is agony. Waiting patiently, waiting at all, has never been something Kylo excelled in. His stomach knots itself over and over as anxiety turns into paranoia. Hed revealed himself. Collapsed, entirely vulnerable, before the General. It liberating and yet terrifying. What if this was all an elaborate trick? A test his Master was putting him through? A final trap to ensure that he was loyal, that he was no longer tempted by the Light? What if Hux wasnt really real? What if he had dreamed it all up in a desperate attempt to escape the horrors of his training? Was any of this real? Was it all an illusion? But he remembered ! At least he thought he did. That first time, how hed been so scared to stay by Huxs side afterwards. Then how hed started to lurk in the Generals quarters. How that first year had been so nervous. So tense and quiet, both himself and Hux unable and unwilling to open up. Then that bottle of whiskey and Hux howling his hatred for his father to the very stars. And after the slow tangle of their bodies together, Kylos first time taking the General. How hed started to stay the night more and more. Working through the nightmares. The chaos of not understanding himself, of not knowing what he needed and wanted. The wrong turns and mistakes on both their parts. The fights. All of that that couldnt be imagined, could it? That couldnt be fake. The warmth that was nestled comfortably in his chest was something familiar. Something safe. Hux Hux was real! He had to be! There was no way he could be some trap or trick of Snokes. But how many nightmares had Kylo had at the citadel that he could have sworn were true? How many days had he doubted his own mind? How long had it taken to filter and sort things out, to find a way to separate reality from madness? He could wait no longer. It was hours too early, but he finds himself easily moving passed the locks and security of Huxs quarters and standing in the room, his heart racing wildly as he looks around. It is different than what he remembers. Then again, that had been on a different ship. On the old, nameless Star Destroyer. The room had been so much smaller back then. The space had nearly doubled in size. There was a small sitting area off to one side, a bit more of an alcove in the entryway and another door that led to the bathroom. Hux had the same old metal desk of course, Kylo smiled faintly behind his mask as he ran his fingers over the cool metal. The General worked too much, he always had. Sometimes even falling asleep at his desk either here or in his office. There had been nights Kylo had carried him to bed... Those little quirks, those made Hux real didnt they? Surely he hadnt dreamed all those up too? He needs to find more, more proof that Hux is real. His fingers itch and suddenly he finds himself digging through drawers and closets. Hes shaking and something feels like its worming its way through his brain. Like hes on the verge of- Kylo upends drawer after drawer onto the floor, frantically digging through their spilled contents. Its filled with tunics and leggings and soft pants that earthen colors and remind him of deserts and forests and water. Silk shirts in blood red and soft clothing that he cant quite remember how he has it. And there is a single gray shawl. Its blood stained and old, but makes Kylos heart stop as he picks it up and stares at it. Nilash. His mother. Hux getting shot. The memories flood back to him and a wretched moan leaves the Knight as he hugs the shawl to his chest, bowing his helmeted head. Kylo returning to Nilash, and slaughtering everyone. Everyone save his mother, who he begs to flee. His mother The very thought of her sends agony through him. His mother. Leia Organa. Kylo is suddenly Ben Solo again. Screaming alone in the dark. All alone. And then Snoke is there, pressing the boy to his knees. The memory shifts and Hux is screaming at him. Thinking Kylo had betrayed him. The blaster is pressed against his forehead and Hux is crying . It hurts. Oh by the Maker it hurts! Kylo feels his mask fogging up as tears and snot leak from his eyes and nose. He rubs his masked face against the shawl, whimpering softly. Then there is a woman who is as tall as he is, with short blonde hair. She is holding him as he sobs. Even though hes nearly killed her in his blind rage. She holds him like a lover, mother and sister all wrapped into one. And he does love her. In an entirely different way than he did Hux. She was his confidant. Phasma. His friend. Kylo slowly drops the shawl to the floor and crouches next to the mess hes made of the drawers and clothing. There is a small velvet cloth, and Kylo unwraps it with trembling hands. A childs slave collar. Feidhelm, Kylo whispers. The memory of that confrontation comes back to him more readily than some of the others. It is more recent, Kylo decides. How broken the redhead had been. How he had screamed cant in that room on Starkiller. How Kylo had suddenly realized, connect the dots. Seen what Hux had really needed. The garden. Not the one that Snoke had at the citadel, the one that was all ash and death. But the green one, with flowers and clear water and the old house and laughter . He remembers. Kylo remembers ! This is real! This has to be real! But Snoke had made the garden of ash. The terrifying mirror to what hed dreamed of in his Force visions. Fear grips the Knight. Its real isnt it? The garden Snoke knew about the garden that was why he created one of ash. One to baptise Kylo in. To make him a vessel truly worthy of the Dark Side. With a start that terrifies him so badly it silences his choked sobs, Kylo realizes that is the last thing he wants. He can never be pure Darkness, no matter how hard he tries. There is an undeniable connection to it, but it is not all that he is. Because Hux breathes warmth and love and Light into him. Every time hed watched that holo as he huddled in Salvaged Hope , the Light had surge and strained inside him. Struggling against where hed buried it. Even just hours ago in the Generals office, Kylo had felt it. It terrifies him. But he wants it now. He wants that Light, that warmth after so many years in the darkness. Needs it . As if summoned, a small, green Kyber crystal falls out of a little satchel that is tucked in with the collar. Kylo stares at it and then slowly he picks it up. Shelish. The Nightsister. His teacher. She had given that crystal to Hux, told him it was for an ally. Had given the General the push he needed to start down the path of desperate and wild hope. She had died. Snoke had murdered her. She had died to buy them time From what? Something brushes against his side and Kylo jumps, dropping the tiny green crystal. Next to him is an orange striped cat. It mewls at him, tail held high and then bumps its head against his leg, purring loudly. Kylo stares at the animal. Millicent. Her name was Millicent. Millie for short. She had been a gift From Dopheld and Ashara Who were they? Kylo strains his mind, reaching down into himself and grabbing that chest of precious memories and feelings that hed buried years ago and ripping the chains and locks off it. He digs through the memories, the tastes, smells, sensations. Who were they? Lieutenant, are you in some sort of... trouble? Friends. They were friends. He and Mitaka had rescued the Togruta from the Resistance and in the process, Kylo had been  His vision floods red and black and he just remembers fear and pain and hours of endless torture. The injections. The hallucinations That that had been real. He had the scar on his neck to prove it. Millicent was a gift from the couple. While Kylo was recovering, after he had been rescued from- He whimpers, clutching at his helmet, clawing at the metal that keeps his face hidden. His mother. The Resistance. Project Force Choke. Silver collars. Oh no, he moans softly. No, no, no! No! It hits him with the force of a crashing TIE-Fighter. And He doubles over, curling into a ball on the floor, clawing at himself through gloves and robes. He cant harm himself, but it doesnt matter, he has to claw. To tear and rend. He cant handle it! He cant stop, its too much! Too much! His father screaming at him. Rejecting him. Shunning him for being affiliated with the Dark Side. Time and time again they abandon him. They want to be rid of the Darkness. Project Force Choke had sought to suppress his Force abilities. His mother  Snoke. Silver collars. The strange dead look in the eyes of the children hed trained. No. Not suppress. Control . What have I done? he groaned as it all came together. What have I done? His mother was helping Snoke! The Resistance and their stand against the First Order it was all a front! Snoke was playing the two sides against each other this entire time! He didnt care about the Republic or the FIrst Order! The Snoke had been working with the Resistance! With his mother! All this talk about purging Darkness, it had all been a lie to control him! And now now they had an army of Force-Sensitive children and he had Oh Maker he had helped ! He had trained hundreds and hundreds of those dead-eyed, broken children with silver collars around their necks. Kylo pounded his fist against the floor. How could he have been so stupid?! How could he have not seen it sooner? Millicent brushes against him, chirping and pawing lightly at his shoulder as he beat his fist against the unforgiving metal flooring. Rage and guilt war in him and he cant find any other way to deal with them. He doesnt know what to do! Agonized growls and noises leave the Knight, making him sound feral and rabid. Pain shoots through his hand, the bones threaten to break as he slams his fist into the floor over and over again. He reveled in it. Sharp teeth nip at him and the cat mewls insistently, and is tugging at his robes. Kylo shoves the animal away and Millicent growls at him and then jumps on him. Her tiny body lands on him and she begins to insistently knead at his robes, her claws catching in the material and pulling at threads and skin beneath. Her mouth closes on a part of his robes and she tugs at it as she kneads. A moan breaks from his lips and the strength suddenly flees from him. He lies there, his hand aching, body shaking and trembling, his mask filled with snot and tears. Kylo hiccups softly and slowly moves, rolling from his side onto his back. Millicent moves with him, staying upright on his body and settling herself on his chest, a warm weight that soothes the pain in him, eases some of the guilt. She continues to knead at him and purr. She headbutts his mask and rubs her cheek against it. Slowly Kylo wraps his arms around the feline and hugs her. She permits it and snuggles closer against him as he hiccups and whimpers. His mind reeling, exhausted. He has to tell Hux! He has to warn him! But Millicent is warm and seems to be getting heavier the longer she lies on his chest. Kylo tries to summon the energy to panic, to react, to do something . But the cat on his chest purrs and he feels the vibrations move through his bones. His gloved fingers tangle in her fur. He doesnt remember her fur being this long. She had always had a short coat His heart doesnt race anymore. His mind feels exhausted. Memories are flooding out of the dark crawlspace hed hidden them in. Good ones, bad ones. Smells, tastes, touches. Laughter, warmth, and so much love . Acceptance. Forgiveness. His breathing slows as he lies there in the mess of clothing and belongings hes made. Memories scattered about him. They are joyful, painful and comforting all at once. He lies, sprawled in the chaos hes created and realizes, he is home . Finally. This is real. He is home. He has to be! If he isnt Kylo shakes his helmeted head, barely able to keep his eyes open, theyre heavy and he blinks, trying to stay awake. If this isnt real, at least it was a pleasant dream He blinks once more and forgets to open his eyes back up, his body slowly goes limp as sleep claims him. That is how Hux finds him two hours later. --- This mission is one of the most important you will embark on in your entire careers, Hux surveys the officers before him. He had called an emergency meeting for all the high ranked officers aboard the Finalizer. They could not fail in this task that the Supreme Leader had set before them. If they did, it could mean the destruction of the First Order. It could mean that the Resistance and the Republic triumphed. We must be more focused, more diligent than we ever have been before. We can not afford distractions, mistakes, he watches the officers shift nervously before him. The pressure of this task is undeniable. He can taste the tension, like a foul bile, in the back of his throat. Those of you who served with me before will remember our resident Force-user, Kylo Ren. The Supreme Leader has granted us use of Lord Rens skills once more. Though he is formally considered a contractor, and outside of the scope of the First Order, you are to obey him without question. Any qualms you may have with him are to be brought to either myself or Captain Phasma. A murmur goes through the officers and Hux fights the urge to roll his eyes and sigh. Those of you who served with me previously would also do well to remember that Lord Ren and the Captain are married, and that is all I shall say on that matter. Now, he cleared his throat and the rest of the murmuring stopped. If you have personal matters to attend to before our mission begins, I will be approving leave requests. Though our goal is to achieve our mission quickly, there is the strong chance that this could stretch out for some time, especially given the Resistances involvement. Make sure your affairs are in order by the end of this standard week. You are dismissed. Hux watches the officers leave, some silent, some talking amongst themselves. They understood the severity of their mission and there would be a small flood of leave requests, he would have to be sure to stagger them. It wouldnt do to have half his enlisted officers away at once. He had a meeting with the council coming up in ten minutes and a muscle in his back was twitching beneath his skin, pain was shooting steadily along his spine, the injury from his failed meeting with the other two heads of the Academy was agitated from the violent confrontation between himself and Ren a few hours ago. As the last officer exited the room, Hux slumped slightly, a hand going to press on the tender spot in an effort to soothe it. His nerves hummed and it felt like fuzzy bugs were crawling under his skin. He took a slow breath in and let it out. All he had to do was make it through the council meeting, they needed to be updated anyway: Starkiller was only a few months out from completion. But he needed his vision to stop swimming and his left leg to stop trembling and his back to stop feeling like it was going to give out. He took a small step and promptly collapsed, pain racing up his back as if hed been struck by a bolt of lightning. The wind was knocked out of him and he could only lie there, gasping in pain, gloved hands clawing at the metal floor as he tried to grip onto something . The room spun for a second and he almost threw up. But then it passed and he lay awkwardly on his side on the meeting room floor, coated in a thin layer of sweat beneath his uniform as he panted for breath. Gritting his teeth, and grateful no one had seen, Hux pushed himself back to his feet. It took two tries before he could successfully keep his legs from giving way. Grudgingly he had to admit to himself that he might need to go to the med bay. If for no other reason then to get an anti-inflammatory shot to make the muscles at the agitated spot in his back calm down. He could tell them it was a simulation injury, hes misstepped and twisted his back as hed fallen. Yes, that would be believable. He just had to get through the next two hours. If he could do that Hux took a slow breath in and let it back out. Then he could go to Kylo. Just two more hours --- As he approaches his quarters, the council informed and his back pleasantly numb thanks to the shot from the med bay, though he can still feel the muscle twitching slightly, Hux feels worry rise in his chest. Nervousness. His fear that Kylo wasnt really Kylo was suddenly inescapable. Snoke had the Knight for six years, had isolated him in that terrible training citadel. Out of reach entirely. It had almost killed Hux when hed realized that the replacement tracker hed given Kylo before the Knight had left had gone offline. That was when the fear had really sunk in. When hed become aware of just how perilous their position was. How dangerously close their game of deception and love might be to being revealed. Snoke would kill them. He had proven that he was perfectly capable of doing so, even with hundreds of lightyears between them. The reunion with Ren had shown just how narrowly they had avoided that. The fact that Snoke had broken the Knight, crushed his will, twisted his mind to the point that it forced the Knight to desperately put himself into a self-induced amnesia, that their lauded Supreme Leader had Hux swallowed heavily, the thought uncomfortable and heavy in his mind. He knew Kylo had stood up against the mysterious being before, that he had resisted, fought him off. But to have been alone, under his Master, isolated for the last six years The damage was undeniable. What had happened could not be danced around, having seen that Kylo had regressed as far as he had. It had happened again, all over again. Kylo would never say the words aloud. Trying to make him do so only seemed to compound his self-loathing, to make the impression of tarnishment echo even louder in the Knights mind. But Hux was not Kylo. Hux knew the truth, and it made his blood boil, made his vision go red with a rage so potent the General thought he might burn up from the inside out. He knew the terrible words Kylo could not say: Snoke had raped his Apprentice. And Hux was free to hate Snoke as much as he pleased, for that reason and a plethora of others. The thought makes him quicken his pace as he walked through the halls of the Finalizer . Snoke has no hold over him, he does not know about Huxs attachment to Kylo. The worst he can do is hurt the General, but doing so he risks loses the First Orders military might. Hux had the support of the council now, the entire strength of the First Order behind him. He would see the Republic brought to its knees and then? Then, he would see Snokes entire world brought down. He would see the monster that manipulated his lover dead, so Kylo would never have to face him again. So the Knight could be free. That was if there was anything left save. Kylo seemed to still have bits and pieces of himself, it was hard to tell. It felt like the Knight was more adrift than ever before. More lost. And infinitely more frightened. He comes to a pause outside the door to his quarters and realizes his hands are shaking. Taking a deep breath, he keys in his access code and the doors to his quarters slide open and Hux steps into his darkened quarters. The lights flicker on to a dim setting and with that comes a low, distressed mewl from Millicent. A moment later Huxs eyes find her. The orange cat is cradled against Kylos chest, the Knight is lying in the middle of the floor, dresser drawers thrown about and their contents scattered everywhere. For a moment Hux freezes, staring at the scene, eyes wide in terror, his mind racing to a million different, terrible scenarios that could have led to this moment. Then he sees Kylos chest rising and falling and Millicent mewls at him again. Oh, he whispers, slowly bringing a hand to his mouth. Oh Kylo. The General carefully moves through the scattered clothing and belongings, kneeling next to the Knight and stroking Millicent as she wriggles free from the unconscious Knights grasp and bumps her head against Huxs thigh. Carefully Hux gathers up the scattered items, the old slave collar, the Kyber crystal, the shawl and the holo recorder with etchings in its metal surface. He carefully sets these precious items aside and then lightly touches the Knights shoulder. Kylo, he murmurs, giving him a small shake. Kylo. The Knight stirs, helmeted head lolling about for a moment as he woke. Hux! he sits bolt upright, grabbing the Generals shoulders so tightly that Hux is certain hell have bruises tomorrow. Hux you have to listen to me! his modular on his mask distorts his voice and words as the Knight speaks too fast for it to keep up. Hux! I remember! I remember! Listen! You have to listen! Snoke is manipulating you! The Order! Hes behind the Project! Hes working with the Resistance, its a trap! Its all a trap- Shh, shh. Wait a moment, Hux gently shushes him, placing fingers over the place on the mask where Kylos mouth is behind it. The Knight falls silent, despite not actually being physically hushed, and makes an anxious whining noise. May I? Hux asks, moving his hand to the edge of the mask, fingers hovering where the releases are. If he can take Kylos mask off, if he can calm the Knight, then things will make more sense when Kylo tries to explain them. Please, comes the choked reply. Carefully Hux presses the releases and lifts Kylos helmet off his head for the second time that day. It was always shocking how heavy the thing was. The Knights face is tear and snot stained, eyes red from crying and hes too pale. Hux cant help but sigh, and his heart aches in sympathy for Ren. Wait a moment, he tells the Knight, standing and going to the bathroom. He returns a moment later with a steaming washcloth that he has soaked in hot water. Kneeling next to Kylo again, he gently washes the Knights face, brushing his hair back from his face as he does. Kylo whimpers and moans softly into the touches and the warm, damp cloth. There, feel better? Hux asks as he sets the cloth aside. Kylos throat works and he nods, his hands are balled into tight fists in his lap. Hux carefully pulls off his own gloves, resting his bare skin over Kylos leather clad hands. Now, try again. Slowly this time, from the beginning, Hux gently prompts him, stroking his thumbs over the backs of Kylos hands in an effort to soothe him. Kylo takes a deep breath and opens his mouth. Then shuts it. His mouth works silently as he struggles with the words. His expression haunted, agonized, in a way that Hux had never quite seen before. Its okay, a rnsearc , Hux tells him after a few minutes of this. Take your time. No! No this is important! Kylo agonizes, he sighs heavily. One gloved hand goes to tug at his own hair and he huffs, making a noise of frustration. Finally he closes his eyes, moving his hand so it partially covers his face as he speaks. This seems to make him feel safe enough, steady enough to trust his voice and words. My Master he He has an army of Force-Sensitive children, Kylo whispers. There are five maybe six hundred of them? There were more they died I thought Force Sensitivity was not that common? Hux asked quietly, trying to prompt Kylo to elaborate, so the Knight wouldnt get wrapped up in his thoughts. It isnt. Not since the Empires purge, Kylo hangs his head, hand moving to fist in his hair. Some of them are are naturally occurring. The rest he made them that way Hux! How? I thought it was a matter of - Hux falls silent as Kylo shakes his head. Do you remember the collar that was on me when you rescued me from the Resistance? Kylo whispers. Yes, but I dont follow. I read the notes, the Project is to eliminate and Huxs jaw drops and his eyes go wide. Kylo glances up at him. To control the use of Force powers. Snoke is working with the Resistance. He has constructed an army of children using Project Force Choke, each child they wore a silver collar. Their eyes were dead. Hux, he grips the Generals arm. Hux I trained them! his expression cracks as he looks at the General, his lip trembling. You did what you needed to in order to survive, Hux tells him firmly. He manipulated you, you cannot blame yourself for this. You didnt steal the children. But I know who did, Kylo swallows heavily. The other Knights. My Master has been planning this for years. Thats why so many Force-Sensitive children had been vanished. Hux hes been collecting them! And I fucking let it happen! Kylo curls in on himself then, both his hands going to clutch at his head. I fucking gave him all the tools he needed! I fucking helped train the children! I gave him the Knights! The entire rescue of Ashara was manipulated by his hand! All of it! They knew I was coming! He knew Hux! Kylo, Hux pulls his hands from his head and holds them tightly, pulling the Knight against him. The Knight is spiraling downwards and if Hux doesnt stop it he knows it will end badly. Kylo makes a startled noise as he falls forward against Huxs chest and the General holds him there, rubbing a steady hand down his spine until the tension starts to ease out of him. It was not your fault Kylo. None of what he made you do was your fault. None of what he did to you was your fault. None of it, do you understand? he whispers against the Knights hair. Kylo makes a whining noise of protest. But I-  None, of it, a rnsearc , Hux whispers, feeling the weight of his lack of action heavy on his shoulders. He pushes it aside, shelves the guilt for later, something still doesnt make sense. Kylo, why would Snoke work with the Resistance, with your mother? I...  Kylo rubs his face against Huxs uniform and makes another noise of distress. I think he means to play both sides. Hes powerful enough to. He  he made me help him build something . Some sort of machine, I dont know what its for. I his hands go to grip the front of Huxs uniform and he presses his face against Huxs chest, whimpering softly. Im afraid . Hes hes going to kill everyone. I think hes using the conflict between the Order and the Resistance as a front, a means to an end. Kylo peers up at Hux with wide, terrified eyes. I think he means for you to fail. For the Order to fail, a conflict to rip things apart. Hux feels his own eyes go wide and his body stiffens. He holds Kylo tightly, determined not to let himself go into a panic. Determined to approach this with a level head. To keep his wits about him. He takes a deep breath in and slowly lets it out. Calm. He must remain calm. Kylos terror, while not unreliable, is not enough to sway the council against Snoke. He needs more proof than this. He believes Kylo, but the council, even those on his side, will need tactile evidence. There has to be a way they can circumvent this! There has to be a way! Hux? Kylos voice wavers at the Generals hesitance and Hux looks back down at him. You believe me...dont you? Im not crazy! Im not! I know what I saw! What I did! You have to believe me! Kylo, Huxs brow knits in worry. Of course he believes the Knight! When have I ever not believed you? When have I not trusted you? Nilash, Kylo whispers, voice full of hurt and Hux winces at the memory. I trust you. I believe you Kylo, he presses a kiss to the Knights forehead. We just need to think of something. Of some way we can stop him, the council will need evidence if we want to make a strike against him. Hux frowns, thinking hard. Then it comes to him, plain as day. Hes surprised he didnt realize it before. Of course. Kylo, he asks thoughtfully. Why would Snoke not want Luke Skywalker to come back? The Knight tenses at the mention of his estranged relation. He shifts slightly until he is curled between Huxs legs and his head rests on the top of the Generals thigh. Hux keeps rubbing a hand up and down his spine, not rushing the Knight. Just trying to keep him calm. To stabilize him. This reunion has been far too tense already, too many terrible things have happened and they are scrambling to right themselves before they can be taken unawares. My uncle is a very powerful Force user. His connection to the Light and his resistance to the Dark is remarkable, Kylo finally whispers as Hux starts to slowly thread his fingers through the Knights hair. Do you think he would join us? Unite with us against a common threat? Hux asks quietly. As much as he dislikes pushing Kylo so hard to talk about this, if they dont do it now, they could pay for it later. They could lose everything. They have to come up with a plan! Snoke threatens not only the Order but any Force-Sensitive there is, especially if he is the puppet master behind Project Force Choke. I I dont know, Kylo bites at his lip and moans softly as Hux strokes his hair and scalp. He hes not a bad person. I I think if he knew what my mother was doing. If he knew about Project Force Choke, he would not align himself with her. My uncle, he just doesnt understand . None of them do he nuzzles against Huxs hand, his voice dropping into a low whisper. But it may be our only chance. If we can find him before the Resistance does. If hell listen I I dont want my Master to hurt those children. Not anymore than he already has. They dont deserve that pain. It isnt their fault! Its not your fault either, Kylo, Hux reminds him. There are far more ifs in this plan than he would like. But it seems like it is their only chance. Their only choice. They have to get the map, get to Skywalker before the Resistance does. It will take some incredible acting on both their parts when they stand before Snoke. It will take careful management and manipulation of every move they make for the next several months. But if they can succeed, if it means that Kylo will be safe again. If Skywalker will listen to his nephew, and if he wont, Hux will beg the man himself... They sit there in silence, Hux stroking Kylos hair in the middle of the floor, their clothing strewn about. Feidhelm? Kylo whispers, finally breaking the silence. Yes, a rnsearc ? Hux looks down at him, stroking his fingers over Kylos cheek and watching the larger man shudder and lean into the touch. Im sorry. Hux tilts his head. Whatever for? Kylo pushes himself to sit up so he and Hux are nearly eye to eye and nose to nose. Then Knight bows his head. My Master I  he I let him, I mean, he looks back up at Hux. There was no other way! His lip trembles and Hux reaches out to him, gently cupping his cheek and resting their foreheads together. Its okay Kylo, I dont blame you. Im not mad at you- No! No its not okay! The tears start and Hux feels his heart break, but he doesnt shush the Knight, instead allowing him to try and work through it. Kylo is gritting his teeth, struggling with himself, even as he forces the words out. I...its all twisted and turned around my head Hux! I-I tried to tell him no! To fight it! B-But I wasnt strong enough! And he.. He- You dont have to say it, Kylo, Hux tries to soothe the Knight. Rens been through enough, the last thing Hux wants to do is to stress him further. He doesnt need to do this, not today. Not this very moment. But Ren persists. I never wanted it Feidhelm! I swear! I never, never wanted it! But- But I just- Kylo presses the heel of his hand to his eyes, scrubbing at the tears that start to fall. I couldnt fight him! I wasnt strong enough! Kylo- He raped me! the words suddenly burst forth from the Knight and then they dont stop coming and Kylo is pressing his face against Huxs shoulder and sobbing. And no matter what I did, it was always wrong! And he tried to tell me it was a ritual, to justify it! I just wanted him to stop! I just wanted him to leave me alone! He locked me away Hux! Buried me underground in that labyrinth beneath the citadel! He left me alone with the monsters! Kylo was crying so hard he was hiccuping as he gasped for breath. Hux was shaking as he held the Knight, his eyes closed tightly as he struggled to keep calm. To keep himself from flying into a total rage. From doing something he regretted. He tried to make me pick an apprentice from among the children. Tried to...to turn me into something like him, Kylo whispered as his sobs quieted. Oh, Kylo- But I didnt do it, there was the smallest hint of victory in Kylos voice and he looked at the General then. In that moment Hux feels his rage replaced with pride. His Knight, his poor, brave Knight had suffered so much. And even then, his heart was good. He wanted only to protect others, even if hed been so damaged he could barely remember his own name. I couldnt. I wouldnt! I didnt harm any of them Hux! I I tried to keep them safe! I did the best I could, he bows his head again. I couldnt save them all. But I tried ! Hux smiles sadly. I know you did a rnsearc . I know. You did the best you could, He kisses the top of Kylos head and rests his cheek against the Knights hair and rocks the sobbing man. Listen, now. You need rest, you need food- he can feel how thin Kylo has gotten again and he could kill Snoke for it. And we both need a shower. Hes taken a few days off to give himself the chance to get close to Kylo again. Phasma will want to see Kylo too. Kylo pulls away from him and tenses, shifting uncomfortably as his mouth works but words dont come out.  A rnsearc , Hux touches his shoulder gently, hazarding a guess at what this is about, especially given what Kylo has just told him. That Kylo even said the words aloud was amazing, but this was going to take time. Hux knew that. You dont have to do anything you dont want to. Im never going to force you, to harm you. I promise. Kylo rubs his nose with the back of his hand and gives a small nod. Hes more anxious than Hux could ever remember, timid almost. Then again given how today has gone, that Kylo is even forming full sentences is amazing. Go ahead and shower first, Ill clean up here and bring you some sleep clothes, okay? Okay, Kylo whispers, biting his lip as Hux stands and helps the Knight to his feet. Hux? Yes, a rnsearc ? Kylo jolts forward then, grabbing Hux by his face and clumsily kissing him, whimpering softly at he does. The motion is desperate and rushed, lacking in any sort of elegance and its more like Kylo is trying to eat him then kiss him. Hux blinks in surprise, but moves to just gently hold the Knight, letting him work through the motions, letting him take as much as he needs until the Knight breaks away. Im sorry, Kylo whispers, his hands go to clutch at Huxs uniform jacket. Im sorry. Im sorry You did nothing wrong, Hux reassures him, stroking a hand down his back, licking his swollen lips slightly. Dont push yourself. Look at me Ren, he touches Kylos face and the Knight glances at him. How such a large and imposing man can manage to look like a sad, kicked puppy is beyond Hux, but that is part of what makes the Knight so endearing. Kylo, were partners. Nothing Snoke does or will do can ever change that. I have waited six years for you to come back, and I can wait longer for you to be ready again. I stayed with you through nightmares and panic attacks. I will not leave you nor shun you now. What if Im never ready? Kylo whispers. What if Im broken forever? Youre not broken, Hux tells him, stroking his thumb over Kylos cheek. And if you never can again, thats okay too. Well figure it out. But Ill be damned if Im going to give up on you, he smiles faintly, suddenly feeling drained as he rests his forehead against the Knights. Today has taken more out of him than he expected. I love you Kylo Ren, thats never going to change, and I hope one day you believe that. Kylos lip trembles again and he slowly nods, leaning down and placing a soft kiss on Huxs cheek. There is something both heart breaking and hopeful about the gesture. Hux doesnt think Kylo has ever kissed him like that before and as the Knight disappears into the bathroom, the General slowly starts to clean up the room. --- Kylo stands in the bathroom for a long time. His mind is whirling, spinning out of control, his thoughts move too fast and his head feels like it may explode. Im home, he whispers aloud to himself, leaning back against the door taking deep breaths. Yes, yes that helps. Helps to make it more real. Im home. This is real . This is real. Finally he moves, summoning the courage to strip his robes off. The shower is different than he remembers, or what he thinks he remembers, but he figures it out easily enough. And then hot water! Kylos eyes flutter closed and he moans softly as he stands under the spray. He turns it hotter, until it threatens to scald his skin. Nothing has ever felt so good before! He spies a bar of soap, picks it up and starts to scrub at himself with it. Clean. Properly, truly, really clean . The feeling was amazing! He leans back in the spray, resting a hand against the shower wall and just savors the feeling of the hot water. Then his thoughts shift and he suddenly feels cold again. Hell never be really clean. No amount of soap and water will wash away what his Master has done to him. No amount of scrubbing will clean that stain from his existence. Kylo swallows heavily. The knowledge of that weighs heavily down on him. Hux had said it didnt matter though. Hux had said Slowly Kylo rubbed at his face. The urge to claw at himself was strong, to tear at his skin in an effort to get the lingering memory of Snokes hands off himself for good. If he could peel away his skin, or burn it off- Kylo? Huxs voice from the other side of the door made him jump. Are you alright? The Knight blinked and hastily brushed at the tears trying to escape his eyes. He tried to say something in response, to make words form, but all that came out was an agonized noise that was caught between a whimper and a moan. The General comes into the bathroom then, setting a tank top and sweatpants on the edge of the sink as he does. Kylo, he takes a towel off the rack and unfolds it, offering it out in open arms to the Knight. Come here beautiful, its okay. he coaxes the dark haired man quietly. Slowly Kylo steps out of the shower, heedless to the fact that is is running still. All he can focus on are Huxs arms. Suddenly being in the Generals embrace is very important. He lets Hux wrap the towel around his waist and then another around his shoulders, gently patting his face dry with one corner of it. Kylo leans into the touch, crowding the smaller man and shivering. Its okay, Hux murmurs. Its okay Kylo. Just breathe, youre fine. Kylo presses his face against Huxs neck and breathes in deeply. Feidhelm, he moans softly. Real. Youre really real. Youre real. Of course Im real Kylo, Hux brings a hand to tangle in the Knights wet hair. Why wouldnt I be? Kylo shakes his head. Hard to tell. Need he presses his nose against Huxs skin and inhales again. Need to remember, need to know Im not there. Youre not him , youre you , he babbles. Need, need, need, he whispers. This word feels important, but he cant remember why. Bits and pieces are still fuzzy to him. Still just barely out of reach, and no matter how far he stretches he cant seem to grasp them. Hux wraps his other arm around the Knight. Youre good Kylo. Youre safe. He cant hurt you, youre strong. You survived , a rnsearc , Hux whispers to him. Dont be afraid, Im right here. Ill never hurt you. Ill never harm you. I promise. Youre so good Kylo. My brave Knight. The words make Kylo shudder and shake. Thats right, needing is special. Its a special word. They take extra close care of each other. This is his Hux. His Feidhelm. He is real. Kylo wobbles a bit from the strength of the revelation. It threatens to overwhelm him. Suddenly hes all warm again. Warm and safe. Hux will look after him. Keep him safe. Please, Kylo whispers. Please, let me- Let me- he cant get the words out. Even so Hux pulls back a bit, brushing their cheeks together. Whatever you need. Whatever you want. What can I do to help? What can I give you? his voice is soft, and Kylos heart is racing, hyper-aware the love in the Generals tone. Suddenly hes moving without realizing it. Kylos hands find Huxs and he pushes the General, none too gently back against the bathroom wall, pinning his hands above his head, and Kylo is kissing the redhead. His entire body is trembling like it might explode as he kisses the other man. Hux tastes nothing like his Master. Hux still tastes like fruit and coffee and now has the faintest hints of a smoky vapor. Yes. Yes Hux is real , Kylo feels weak kneed and presses the other man back against the wall more roughly, tongue plunging into his mouth, desperate to taste him. To replace the smells and tastes of his Master. Hux is real. Hux is real. Hux is safe . A bitten off noise of pain escapes Hux and Kylo senses it like a lightning strike. He jerks back, eyes wide in fear and Hux slumps, his hands going to brace himself against the wall. The Generals breath came fast through clenched teeth. Pain was shooting through him, threatening to make his vision go black. Kylo had shoved him up against the rounded corner of the towel rack. Normally this would only be a mild discomfort, but now it sent agonizing bursts of pain all up and down the Generals already aggravated spine. Shit! Shit! Im sorry! Kylos dark eyes are wide and hes frantically whispering apologies and half cowering. Shh, shh, Hux manages. Its okay. You didnt do anything wrong Ky- Youre hurt, the Knight realizes, brow furrowing and expression becoming distressed. What happened to you? How? Its nothing- Its something! Kylo insisted, biting at his lip. Who hurt you? he asks, his voice deadly soft. It doesnt matter, Hux tries to straighten his body and fails, slumping further against the wall, breath coming fast through clenched teeth.Theyre dead now anyway. Silence falls between them. Then Kylo creeps towards him and Hux finds himself being gently embraced by the larger man, the Knights hands are cool as they undo his belt and then his uniform jacket, letting both items drop to the floor. Large hands slide under his undershirt and up along his inflamed spine where they support him. With a small sigh, Hux rests his head against Kylos shoulder, he feels something tingling along his skin where the Knights hands are. What are you doing? he asks, curious, but unafraid. Shh, Kylo scolds him gently, nuzzling against him. Making it better. Hux is about to ask what he means when a surge of warmth travels up his spine. He feels lightheaded for a moment and then completely relaxed. The pain slowly drifts away and his breathing becomes easier. I couldnt fix the nerve damage, Kylo tells him lowly. But the bones, the muscles and discs I was able to mend. He holds Hux tightly for a moment, terrified that the other man had been hurt so badly. It was a shocking and sobering reminder that his General was human after all. Unprotected by the Force, and having to rely on blasters and wit to see him through this war. How did you get hurt so badly Feidhelm? I was engaging in aggressive negotiations, Hux tells him, slowly returning the embrace. He doesnt ask how Kylo learned how to heal like that. He trembles to think of the price that might have been paid for the Knight to gain such knowledge. Well stop it, Kylo scolds him, the faintest trace of humor in his voice. Hux smiles slightly and pressing his face against Kylos neck, closing his eyes and just existing for a moment. Maker, I missed you so much Kylo, he whispered. The Knight only makes a soft humming noise. Hux considers pressing the Knight, trying to get him to vocalize, but for the moment just lets it be. --- Kylo sits on the bed, legs crossed as if he planned to meditate, dressed in the clothes Hux had brought for him. It is hard to comprehend clean and soft clothing, the stimulus of it is almost too much. He just sits for the moment, fighting the urge to roll about on the bed, shuddering and shivering. Millicent sits next to him, her limbs folded under her body so she resembled a loaf of bread. Before him sits a covered tray. Hux was showering, but had told Kylo there was food, soup and fruit for him. And now Kylo confronts the covered tray, both elated and terrified. But its just food. His Master had been less strict about what he was allowed to eat. In fact, Snoke hadnt seemed to care at all that Kylo had devoured the foodstuffs hed found on Salvaged Hope . Hadnt seemed to care that the Knight partook in that particular indulgence. Nervously Kylo licked his lips. He could smell the food. The stew that promised to be thick and filled with bits of meat and root vegetables and just enough spice that it wouldnt upset his stomach. He was never quite sure how Hux and Phasma had managed to always have some on hand With a trembling hand he took the lid off the tray and picked up the bowl, inhaling the steam and shuddering. Kylo didnt even bother with the spoon sitting next to the bowl. He drank the thick brown broth directly moaning softly and using his fingers to scoop out the large chunks of meat and chewed them slowly, licking his fingers before dipping them back into the broth to fish out vegetables. He made soft noises of happiness as he ate, eyes closed in bliss and rocking slightly. Warm food! Warm, rich food! His stomach clenched and he force himself to slow down. He didnt need to race to eat. Hux wouldnt take the food from him. There was plenty of food on the ship. He was fine. He was safe. Kylo let out a slow sigh, shivering as he cradled the bowl against his chest as he let his stomach settle. This was real . Hux, his Feidhelm was here. Safe. This was safe. --- Hux stepped out of the shower and slowly dried off. When he had dreamed about Kylo coming back, he had certainly not envisioned this. Had not realized that it would be a whirlwind rollercoaster of violence, panic and confusion. That he had expected otherwise, was simply a foolish optimism, he realized. He had known there would be damage, but he didnt realize just how much there would be. How stupidly romantic of him. Idiotically idyllic. To think that he and Kylo might fall back into each others arms as if nothing had happened. How many nights had he dreamed of Kylos return? Dreamed of holding him again, of kissing him? The shock of Kylos self-induced, self-preserving amnesia had been painful enough, but knowing that Snoke had It was worse than starting over from square one. So much worse. It made the Generals heart ache. Made him all the more determined to find that map to Skywalker as quickly as possible. He would beg the Jedi himself to help their cause, if only it would help keep Kylo safe. If only it would protect his lover. This hastily cobbled together plan however hinged on Kylos sanity. Hinged on the Knights recollection of events. On them being accurate. Something that deeply troubled the General, as Kylo seemed to be less than certain of what reality was. It was different then the trauma brought on by his time as a captive under Ematt. This wasnt a matter of past nightmares and terrors. But a complete displacement of reality itself. As if part of the Knights mind and soul was still trapped in that terrible citadel that Snoke was rumored to have. Hux sighs heavily as he pulls on a pair of boxers and a tank top. He doesnt know what to do in this moment. He is as uncertain as Kylo is. The only thing that is clear is that Kylo can never go back to Snoke. Doing so would likely him. They must succeed! He must be sure of it, for Kylos sake! Briefly, Hux thinks of the rings he has hidden in his desk drawer. His chest hurts, like something has pierced his heart. He has failed the Knight, not been able to keep him safe. He isnt worthy of asking for the Knights hand and heart. Not until he can prove himself, he must earn the right to ask for such a promise. Not until they are at the eve of victory. Doing so now, it wouldnt be right. Not with Kylos mind in shambles. Not when the Knight longs for simple touch but then shies away from it, at war with himself. The General exits the bathroom and finds Kylo curled up on the bed in a tight ball that mimics the fetal position, Millicent tucked against the small of his back. The Knights hands and lips are stained with the red and black juice of berries and Hux sees that both the bowl of fruit and the bowl of soup are empty. That is of some comfort, at least he can manage to eat. Hux gets a washcloth and dampens it, carefully wiping the juice stains off Kylos face and fingers so he doesnt become sticky. Kylo shivers but doesnt wake. With a sigh, Hux settles onto the bed so hes facing Kylo. He wants to hold the other man, but Kylos body language suggests that doing so might cause the Knight to panic in his sleep and that Hux may ended up with a bloodied nose for his efforts. Instead he just reaches a hand out and takes Kylos in his, this is enough. Just knowing that his lover is safe, alive and back home. It is enough. Even if they can never have what they used to, Hux is okay with that. Because Kylo is here. I love you, a rnsearc . --- He is warm. When was the last time he was warm? Really, truly, properly warm? His stomach growls softly. Not ragingly hungry like hes so used to, but just a quiet reminder that it wants food. Softness surrounds him. It is a dream. It has to be. He must be dreaming still. Even on Salvaged Hope hes never this warm. The smell of coffee and something spicy and sweet reaches his nostrils and Kylo cant help but open his eyes. Green eyes meet his brown ones. Feidhelm, he whispers, blinking slowly and then turning his head to rub his face against the pillow. Soft. Warm. Please dont be a dream, he whispers desperately. Im not a dream Kylo, Im right here. So is Millie, she didnt leave your side all night, the General is murmuring softly to him. It is then that Kylo realizes that theyre holding hands. That Hux has carefully given him space but at the same time a point of contact, Kylos heart leaps into his throat. He blinks at looks back at the General. Dont you have meetings to be at? The hunt for the map? Im taking a few days, Hux tells him, carefully bringing Kylos hand to his lips and kissing it. Reconnecting with Kylo, stablizing him is more important right now. Helping the Knight find his footing before they start scouring the Galaxy for this map takes priority. Kylos well being takes priority. Hux doesnt want to risk losing him, not like he almost did after the Resistance Kylo is shuffling forward then and curling against the General, tucking his broad body against Huxs slighter one so somehow Hux is sheltering him. The General smiles and wraps his arms around Kylo, who presses his face against Huxs chest and sighs, his body slowly relaxing. They lie like that, legs slowly tangling together in the silence of the early morning. I dreamed of this, Kylo murmurs as Hux starts to stroke his still damp hair. When I was allowed time for myself. A reprieve. When I had forgotten my own name I wandered in the wasteland until I found my ship. Found your holo message, he shudders. I didnt understand at first, couldnt comprehend it. Hux says nothing, but places a kiss on the top of Kylos head and holds him a little closer. It gives the Knight the strength to continue. I couldnt believe that someone might  Kylo swallows hard. Might love me, he says in a tiny voice. I watched that holo three times that night, I wept when I found the food you had hidden away I had been there so long that Id lost track of time. To eat again, Feidhelm, it was amazing, Kylos tone takes on one of reverence. He trembles slightly and rubs his face against Huxs skin, breathing his scent in. I cried, Kylo admits. I held that pillow you slipped in there and curled in that blanket and sobbed, and dreamed of being held like this. Of someone, anyone, loving me I was so far gone. I was nothing. I had become so lost. He looks up at Hux then, brow furrowing. He made me do terrible things. I had to burn my teachers body. Hed kept it, like some sort of trophy. I wailed in her ashs Kylos eyes close tightly against the memory. It rained that day. It was the only day that I could remember it raining Kylo, dont force yourself, Hux soothes him gently. He doesnt want the Knight to spiral downwards. There is no need to push it all out at once. They must be cautious as they ease the poison out of this wound. The Knight shakes his head, biting his lip. No. No I I want to talk about it. I I need too, he opens his eyes and looks at Hux. Please? Hux presses a kiss to Kylos forehead. Ill never silence you. Take your time, take what you need, as you need it. Im here, I wont leave. I promise, a rnsearc . Kylo shivers at the affectionate term and makes a soft noise that is a mix between a whimper and a moan. He lies there in Huxs arms, just feeling his warmth. Reminding himself that he is safe here, that his lover is real, that there are no bad consequences for his honesty. There is a labyrinth beneath the citadel, Kylo whispers. He would lock me in there. I wandered for days, weeks in the darkness there were- his throat works. There were monsters . Pure beasts of the Dark Side. Hux hugs him closer and Kylo shudders. I saw the garden of ash. The vision I had, he created it. He drowned me in the foul waters. Over and over. I would die and he would bring me back. There were monsters there too, down, down low beneath the depths. They wanted to devour my Light, Kylos voice trembles. Is that why you hid it? Why you made yourself forget? Hux asks gently, his fingers working to massage Kylos scalp. The Knight nods. It was the only way  Kylo bit his lip. The only way, he whispers, his shoulders hunching as his stomach growls again. Hux kisses the top of his head. Eat something with me? You can keep talking, but you need to eat Kylo. Can you do that for me? Slowly Kylo nods and Hux helps him sit up. There is coffee, fruit, toast and some sort of oat based gruel that Hux has added copious amounts of sweetener to. Kylo eats a whole bowl of the fruit, a piece of toast and two bowls of the gruel. He makes soft moaning noises as he eats and leans heavily against Hux as he does. The General doesnt mind, hes just relieved that Kylo is able to eat. That Kylo isnt shying away from food like he used to. Then Kylo is clutching a cup of steaming coffee against his chest and curled between Huxs legs, his head resting against the Generals chest as Millicent curls up in his lap. Slowly, the Knight starts to talk again. --- He tells Hux about the citadel, about the planet and its terrible draining power. He tells Hux about the children, about the fighting the other Knights, about the monsters beneath the ground inside the labyrinth and the garden of ash. He tells Hux about the last time he saw his teachers ghost. About the great trials he endured to grow in his Force abilities. Finally he tells Hux about Snoke. That is the hardest part. The most painful. It takes time. Far more time than either of them have, and Hux tries to make it last as long as he can. Kylo is torn between pushing him away in a frantic panic of distress, whispering apologies for some perceived wrongdoing, and then clinging to him, begging him not to leave. It is a seesaw of emotions and It wears at the General. Every time Kylo pushes him away it stings. It hurts, deep down in a way that no physical injury can. He feels like he deserves it to a degree, he has failed his lover in the worst of ways. No amount of words or gentle touches can undo the damage. Hux is no mind reader, no medium, no Force-user, all he can do is be there, and he feels like that is not nearly enough as he watches his lover struggle. Kylo fights tooth and nail to regain himself. He too senses that their time is short. That the demands of their stations, of the mission cannot wait. The Galaxy cannot be ignored any longer. They will have to move forward, regardless of it Kylo is stable or not. There arent nightmares, at least not the screaming ones that hes experienced previously. Rather Kylo will jolt awake, soaked in sweat and scrambling away from Hux, curling in on himself and rocking and whimpering. All Hux can do is talk to him, try to coax him back to reality. To remind him that he is safe. Unfortunately only Kylo can pull himself out. It takes time to reorient himself. To fight within his own mind to figure out where he is. To figure out if it is real or not. Finally Huxs voice reach Kylo and the Knight will press against him, breathing his scent in like some sort of anxious hunting beast. Hux lets him. Lets the Knight roughly kiss him and bite at him when he is overcome with the desperate need to flood his senses with the Generals essence. To remind himself that he is on the Finalizer , that it is Feidhelm whose arms he is in. That his Master cannot touch him here. Not now. He is safe. That no one will force him to do anything he doesnt want. Four days is far too short a time after six years. But it is all they have. All the time they can steal for themselves. But on the fourth day, Hux is woken by a soft moaning sound. This is different from the ways Kylo has woken so far. Hux rubs sleep out of his eyes and yawns.  A rnsearc ? Are you all right? he asks quietly, reaching out, fingertips gently brushing against Kylos face. Kylo looks at him, eyes sleepy and half lidded, hes panting slightly, licking at his lips anxiously. Feidhelm, he whispers hoarsely. Hed woken feeling too hot. Unbearably so. Then hed realized that he was hard. How long had it been since hed woken like this? Six years of living in terror, of having the life drained out of him and being starved had driven desire from him. Now to find it returning of its own accord so suddenly It terrified him. He wanted pleasure, want to feel good, but he was so afraid to... Hux blinks a few times and then understands. May I, may I touch you Kylo? Hux asks softly. Can I take care of you? Like I used to? Kylo whimpers torn between need and fear. He wants but he is so afraid! He glances at Hux then. I-I just hold me? he asks quietly, fearful of the Generals reaction. He wants Hux close but the thought of being touched by someone else, of being touched at all, makes him want to throw up. The redhead blinks again, confused and hurt. Please? Kylo feels his voice trembling. I just I cant . Not now, please please? Please just hold me? he drops his eyes then, shoulders hunching as he tries to curl in on himself. Im sorry. Im sorry. Kylo, Hux gently touches his shoulder and the Knight flinches but then looks up at him. Dont apologize for what he did to you, the Generals voice is so soft and so heartbroken. Hes shaking, afraid that even the slightest touch will make the man before him shatter into a million pieces. Kylo whimpers softly, hiding his face in his hands as he trembles. Im sorry. Im broken. Im fucked up! Im sorry! Shh, Hux gently pulls him closer. Its okay. I will never hurt you. I wont do anything you dont want me to. I promise. Its going to take time, thats all right Kylo. It would be ridiculous to think that the Knight would be ready or even capable of anything so soon after returning and selfish to demand it. For the millionth time, Hux tells himself he is okay with this. He is okay with waiting. With doing whatever Kylo needs to help comfort him. It wont be easy and it will be frustrating. Kylos intense and desperate kisses, they had been the Knights way of trying to force himself into normalcy, motivated not by desire but by a fear of rejection. A fear of being thrown away like a broken droid. It breaks the Generals heart to see his lover so destroyed. Whatever you need, Hux promises. Whatever you want or dont want, just tell me. So long as you are not harming yourself, I will do my best to help you, a rnsearc . If that means you just want me to hold you and not touch you, thats fine. If you want to touch me, or not that is fine. If you want to watch me touch myself, or if you want to touch yourself and dont want me to touch you at all, this promise is more painful to make. Touch has always been so important between them. It has connected them, regardless of if it is sexual or not, and to not touch Kylo, not not even be able to hold him is an agonizing thought. Hux does all he can to keep the pain of out his voice. Then I wont. Whatever you need, Kylo. You just have to tell me, can you do that for me? Kylo peers at him from between his fingers. It would be comical if it werent so heartbreaking. Slowly the Knight lowers his hands and nods, biting his lip. What can I do to help you right now, Kylo? Hux asks, stroking his hair back from his face. A glance at the Knights groin shows that hes gone soft in his anxiety, Kylo makes a low noise and presses his face into the crook of Huxs neck and a huge sigh shakes his body. Hold me? Dont dont make me do anything more right now? Please? comes the quiet request. Instantly Huxs arms are around him, lean fingers tangling in his hair and gently massaging his scalp while the other hand slowly strokes up and down his spine. Kylo shudders and makes a quiet moaning noise. Shh, youre fine. Just rest. Take as long as you need, a rnsearc . Dont push yourself. Im right here, I wont leave. Im not going to abandon you. --- Kylo Ren. Captain Phasma. The two masked figures regard each other in the hall and the troopers and officers within the vicinity scatter. Six years and not so much as a holo call? The Captains voice sounds pained, she makes gesture, might as well give those expecting a lovers spat something to see. He doesnt say anything, but closed the space between them in a few long legged strides and wraps his arms around her. Their helmets press together as he makes a small show of crowding on her. A day did not go by that I did not think of you, he intones darkly. That I did not dream of being able to stand by your side in battle again, my warrior goddess. You owe me the heads of two Resistance Generals now. Leaving your wifes bed cold for so long. For you? I would bring the very cosmos itself to heel. You shall have your heads and so much more. They fall silent to observers then, switching their comms to the private channel between them so the onlookers cannot hear. They pull apart and fall into step beside each other as they walk down the hall. I missed you little brother. I missed you too, Phas. Spar with me tonight? I... Id like that. Hux told me youre working on StarKiller now. You supervise all the Stormtrooper training. I do. Its good work, even if it is a bit cold, she laughed softly. I was loath to leave Hux alone. He had a bad time for a while. I was worried about him, about you. What happened to him? Phasma sighs quietly, tapping her armored finger on her blaster. After he met Snokes demands to conquer planets he set about working to gain political influence within the council. He encountered- Aggressive negotiations? Phasma frowns behind her helmet. I managed to pull him out in time, before things got worse. For the most part he was successful. He only had to kill a handful of people to secure the majority support. Hes tried really hard to make sure everything is in place. That everything is ready. Kylo is silent for a long time and then she feels him brush against her mind. A gentle caress. Thank you Phas, for looking after him. I know it must have been difficult, hes damnably stubborn. No worse than you are, Kylo. Im just glad youre home. You two  she laughs again, the sound soft and sad. I dont know if youre soulmates or just dangerously codependent but But Im happy for you. For both of you. Oh? Kylo tilts his head not quite following her. The Captain realizes her mistake then. Oh dear, she shouldnt have assumed that Hux had Its nothing little brother. Youre home now. You two are reunited, the council is at Huxs beck and call and Starkiller is nearly complete. Victory is nearly upon us, that is what matters. Soon all our dreams will come true. The Republic crushed, and your freedom will be achieved. There will be peace in the Galaxy. What more could we ask for? --- There is a knock on the hull of Salvaged Hope that pulls Kylo Ren from his thoughts. Hed barely been back a month and theyd reported together to Snoke just a few hours ago. The first time Kylo had laid eyes on his Master since his dismissal. The encounter had left him shaken, panicked in a terrible way that threatened to make him lash out at everything in sight. To complicate things, his nightmares had been replaced by visions of a girl. A girl he cannot recall ever seeing before. She stares at him in these Force visions with such hatred . There is something about her that chills him, despite how ordinary she looks. Just a wisp of a thing, strangely beautiful in her simplicity. But fierce. A warrior. Her sudden appearance unsettles him. If she actually exists or not, Kylo cannot tell. Perhaps she is a symbol? The Force is seldom clear, as his teacher had told him time and time again. Kylo closed his eyes and let out a slow breath. He has tried three different times since his return to the First Order to reach his teacher. But no amount of meditation, no amount of submergence in the Force can connect him to the Nightsister. She is finally gone, at rest, one with the Cosmic Force. Kylo dearly wishes he had her guidance now. The knock comes again and he sighs, forcing himself to stand. To move. Only two other people had access to the restricted hanger that his ancient shuttle is in and when he scans the area outside of her hull he knows exactly who it is. Hux. That was right. Kylo had practically fled from the meeting with Snoke without so much as a word or even a glance at the General. How long had he been hiding here in Salvaged Hope ? Probably some hours. He had difficulty keeping track of time as of late, it was harder and harder to manage. Kylo presses the button that opens the gangplank and looks at the General standing, shuffling his weight from foot to foot, looking uncertain. Phasma said youd be here, Hux murmurs. I just wanted to  he trails off, something uncharacteristic for him. Kylo tilts his head, his mask is sitting on the controls of the ship and he feels unusually vulnerable without it. The air around them is heavy with things unsaid, and Huxs worry fills the space between them. Finally the General coughs softly and puts a hand lightly on the hull of the shuttle. Whats her name? You never told me, he asks softly. Relief fills Kylo, he didnt want to talk about the meeting, about how standing before his Master made his skin crawl and his stomach clench. Her name is Salvaged Hope . I won her in a card game when I was sixteen, Kylo explains. Shes from the Clone Wars, isnt she? Hux asks, trailing a hand gently over the ships hull. His voice doesnt sound judgemental, but curious. She is, but she flies well. I made some modifications to her Kylo bites at his lip as Hux looks at him, interested. Would, would you like to see? Actually, Hux has a thoughtful expression on his face. Would you teach me how to fly her? The request is so unexpected, so out of the blue that Kylo doesnt know how to respond. There are flight simulators that would give you a much better experience. Shes so old that most of her tech doesnt work the same way as most of the new TIE Fighters or the shuttles even, he mumbles. Shes fussy and temperamental and difficult. So just like you then? A perfect match? Hux offers him a small smile that makes Kylos stomach flip-flop like it had the first time theyd met nearly ten years ago. Kylo blinks, smiling back at him with a soft laugh, You could say that. I dont care about learning how to fly a modern shuttle or a TIE Fighter. I want to learn how to fly your ship Kylo, Hux tells him, stepping up onto the gangplank and brushing a hand lightly against the Knights. Shes a part of you. Shes important and has been with you through so much. So will you teach me? Feidhelm Kylo looks at the General, his mouth working. Then he nods and he takes Huxs hand in his and pulls him close, pressing a chaste kiss to the other mans lips. Kylo pulls him inside then, and leads him to the cockpit. He isnt the best pilot, and Salvaged Hope is held together with chewstim and twine, but to share this with Hux! It makes Kylos heart race and his hands tremble. Before he knows it hes babbling animatedly about the different controls and how to make sure the ship runs smoothly. How you have to hit certain switches in the right order and that sometimes you need to kick parts an extra kick to make sure they stick and that sometimes the motivator needs extra motivation, usually in the form of sweet nothings or threats depending on the day of the week. Hux listens, watching him with all the rapt attention of a scholar at a lecture, a small smile on his face. Kylo shows him the startup sequence, shows him how to watch the fuel levels, and make sure that the old engine doesnt overheat and what to do when it does. The weapons had long since been stripped away by scavengers, but the shields work and the cloaking device does as well. The latter Kylo had installed himself, and there was a hint of pride in the Knights voice at this. Then Kylo sits in the pilots seat and pulls Hux into his lap. The motion as natural as anything. With his large hands guiding Huxs they take Salvaged Hope out into space. Flying on his own is entirely different from having someone else do it for him. It makes the bottom of Huxs stomach drop out and fills him with a strange giddy feeling that makes him feel like a young boy again. They dont go far, just enough to gaze out at the stars, to feel untethered by responsibility and fear, just for a short while. The General recalls that hung over pillow talk from years ago. We could run. He shivers and Kylo hugs him tightly, pressing his face against Huxs back. I feel it too, the Knight whispers. Dont be afraid, Hux tells him, his heart racing wildly in his chest, a hand leaving the controls to clasp one of the ones Kylo has wrapped around him. They float there among the stars in silence and then Kylos voice fills the small cockpit. Im not afraid, so long as Im with you Feidhelm. I trust you. --- They are so close. Its been six months since Kylo returned to the service of the First Order. Six months and they have chased the fragments of this map to Luke Skywalker all over the Galaxy. Six months and Kylo still wakes in a cold sweat from nightmares. Hux has to remind him of what is real and what isnt. The General presses gentle kisses and whispers words in the language that only he knows into Kylos ear. That seems to pull the Knight from his terror. It gives him a ground to reality. A tether to hold on to. Five months and Hux has gotten quite good at piloting Salvaged Hope . Sometimes, between leads he and Kylo go out in it, cloaking the little shuttle and just float aimlessly among the stars for a few hours, sitting in the pilot and co-pilot seats, their fingers loosely linked between the two chairs as they stare out at the stars. Kylo whispers Huxs first name over and over again. The Knight has become fond of it, using it with increasing frequency and taking great delight in the shorten nickname Phasma had created for the General, much to Huxs amused dismay. But he doesnt stop Kylo from using it. It makes his stomach jump and quiver every time the Knight does. Secretly, Hux likes it. It is nice to think of himself as he used to be. It makes him entertain the idea that perhaps one day, when all this war and horror is over, perhaps he can go back home. Hes not seen the place in almost two decades now. Is there anything left? The General hopes so. Three months and all they exchange are the softest kisses, most careful touches, of Hux pausing every few minutes and asking Kylo if he is all right. Gradually Kylo has started asking Hux to massage him again. The touch is good, warm and so careful, so gentle. Kylo melts into the slow, broad strokes along his body. Hux is safe. His hands dont touch anywhere Kylo doesnt want. Hux is real. Warm hands will focus on his neck and shoulders and the scent of the oil soothes his anxiety. Hux is good. Sometimes he asks Hux to run his hands and wrists, trembling as the General takes such care, as he works carefully over the scars. Hux loves him. On a few occasions Hux has rubbed his feet and it leaves Kylo shaking. It tickles and sends spikes of pleasure all up and down his spine. Sometimes Kylo finds himself hard afterwards and he tries to ignore it, flustered and afraid of his own desire. One time however, the Knight touched himself as Hux massaged him and had wailed his release. It had been embarrassing and Kylo had almost hidden under the bed he was so mortified. So afraid that his lover would take offense, because he still couldnt stand to have the Generals hands on him, could barely handle touching himself, but he had needed . Need the release so badly. And oh how good it had felt! Despite his reflex to hide, all he had been able to do was lie there and tremble, gasp for breath as his fingers trembled over his spent member. He didnt think hed ever come so hard or so much in his life. He was a mess and tears were welling up in his eyes as he softly whimpered, twitching and trying to curl away from the consequences of his actions. But the General hadnt been mad. Hux had just held him, kissed him and stroked his hair and back as Kylo came back down from the intensity of his orgasm. Whispered words to him in that lost language. Then, offered him a warm washcloth to clean up with. That night Kylo slept soundly, curled close against Huxs chest. Certain that it was all real. That his Hux, his Feidhelm was real. It was the best feeling in the world, to wake, warm and cradled close. To know he was safe in the redheads arms. Safety gives way to moments when Kylo is seized by boldness. When he pins Hux beneath him and grinds against him, moaning and panting against the hot, often dry, friction between their cocks as they are trapped in boxers and pants. Hux lets him take what he needs. Doesnt ask for anything in return, just gently reminds Kylo that he doesnt have to if he doesnt want to. There is never an obligation. Slowly Kylo starts to join him in the shower again, pawing at him, kissing him and pressing him against the tiled wall to explore the Generals body. Whispering and whimpering softly as he tries to relearn his own desires. As he tries to acclimate to what his body craves, despite that his mind is at war with itself. The Knight is a white dwarf and black hole, all at once. Eager and hungry one moment and frightened the next. It is exhausting, but Hux is patient. He is okay with this. Just having Kylo back, being able to hold him is enough. He gets himself off in the shower when he is alone, whispering Kylos name, moaning it against the tile as the warm spray covers him. Kylo is worth it. Worth waiting for. Worth doing it right . And if the time never comes, even when Snoke is dead and the Galaxy is at peace, then it never comes and that is that. It doesnt make his love, his desire to treasure his Knight any less. There are difficult days. Days when Kylo cant stand to be touched. When he wont even change out of his robes, using the rough cloth as a shield against himself. When he doesnt even want Millicent to brush against him. When things hurt . Everything hurts, breathing, standing, and the simplest of tasks becomes difficult. Getting his mind to engage is even harder. Six years in Snokes citadel have left a cold, cruel ache in his bones that can never be fully driven away. Has left his nerves flayed and tender. His mind glitching like a faulty computer screen, not able to differentiate reality from nightmares. There are days when it all becomes too much. On those days Hux is mindful, careful not to touch him. Hell put a steaming cup of milk before the Knight as he huddles in a corner of the Generals quarters, growling ferally at everything, and then gives Kylo the space he needs. Eventually the Knight will curl the hot mug against his chest and sip at it. It is the only thing that seems to help some of the ache go away. Hux is careful to look the other direction when Kylo eventually slinks into the bathroom and sits under the spray of water that is far too hot. It is hard to not crowd on the other man when he is hurting like this. It is frustrating to not even be able to even touch him. Not not be able to help him deal with this physical hurt. Hux had mentioned it to Phasma and shed gently clipped him on the back of the head and called him an idiot. For a man clever enough to design Starkiller, some days youre really quite stupid, Fae, she scoffs at him. Touch doesnt fix everything you know. Your cock doesnt have some sort of magical healing power, not anymore than my own cunt does. He gives her a hurt look and mutters something the Captain cant quite hear. Some days people just hurt. There are a whole plethora of nerve disorders that some people spend their whole lives dealing with. There are people who cant enjoy sex because it literally hurts them, and no amount of lube or foreplay helps-- oh dont give me that look, she rolls her eyes at him. I wanted to be a doctor remember? Stop acting so surprised when I know something outside of blasters and weapons. So Hux tries to think of other things he can do to help Ren. Tries to find alternatives to touch, things that might ease the pain, even a little bit. He acquires heating pads and sets them up in the corner that Kylo tends to favor when he gets into those states, covering them with a thick, soft blanket so that the corner now resembles more of a nest or a childs blanket fort. He finds a bit of soft, instrumental music that was purportedly good for clearing the mind. But most importantly: Hux backs off. Hux lets the Knight dictate the pace and relearn things. Lets him have the control, the power. He doesnt cut Kylo off, hes always there, always available and open to him. The General makes a concentrated effort to keep his body language neutral and calm, even when hes had a bad day. He talks to Kylo, about anything that comes to mind. Reminds Kylo of the words they use, that its okay to use the words at anytime. That Kylo is good, and brave and so much stronger than he realizes. Slowly, Kylo starts to believe it again and Hux watches the Knight recover bit by bit. His speech becomes stronger, his motions more confidant as he talks with Hux and Phasma or when they spar. But he has a long way to go still, these past six years have damaged him deeply and helping him work through it takes every ounce of love and patience that Hux has. Kylo regresses slightly though, every time they stand before Snoke. He plays the part of loyal Apprentice well. Of brainwashed student. Of angry and misdirected child trapped in a mans body with such fluency it scares Hux sometimes. Sometimes after Snoke has vanished, the two men find themselves in a locked conference room and Kylo is desperately hiding his face against Huxs chest, his helmet discarded and forgotten and he tries to regain himself. Hux holds him tightly, doing what he can to keep the Knight in the present. To keep him as himself . They find that smells help sometimes. Certain words can help as well. Things that Kylo can associate with Hux, with the Finalizer , with home and safety. Sometimes Kylo goes to that half melted horror of a relic he has from Darth Vader and begs it for guidance. Trying to solicit help from his ancestor from beyond the grave. If he ever finds it, Hux doesnt know. But he knows they need to find this map, and quickly. He knows they cannot play this con out much longer. It is tearing Kylo apart, it is killing him. And now, Hux looks at the Knight who is sleeping, sprawled out in his bed. Kylo has finally started to relax in his sleep again. Has started to uncurl from the protective ball he usually huddles in. Hux feels hope rise in his chest. Slowly he gets out of the bed and walks over to his desk and opens a drawer. Inside is a tiny bag that contains two rings. The ones he bought years ago and has held onto in the hope that Kylo would come back, that he would forgive him. That Kylo would not hate him for not being strong enough to protect him against Snoke. Hux had been ready to fall to his knees and beg the Knight to take him back. Yet it had been Kylo who had knelt, who had sobbed and begged for forgiveness for what Snoke had done to him. What that monster had made him do and put him through. Hux hates himself all the more for having failed his lover. And he swears, swears to every deity that is listening, that he will never give Kylo back to that terrible being. Never again. He holds the small bag tightly in his fist, holding it against his chest like it is something sacred. A sob almost wells up in his throat. They are so close! So close to having this map! To being able to find Skywalker and having an ally against Snoke and the Resistance! This last little piece, it is hidden away on the desert world of Jakku. The Finalizer is traveling there now, it wont be long. Soon. Soon this will be over. There is a soft whimper from the bed behind him and Hux turns back around. Kylo is sitting up in the bed, rubbing his eyes sleepily, his hair fluffed out around his face and head like some sort of mane. Fae he reaches for Hux. What is it? Whyre you up? Tired, sleepy eyes fixate on the General as he gives himself a shake. Feidhelm, whats wrong? "Nothing, a rnsearc ," Hux kneels next to the bed. He pauses for a moment, considering his next words carefully. Kylo "I wanted to ask you this long ago, but I wasn't brave enough. I felt like I had no right to ask you when I couldn't protect you, when I didn't have the strength to keep you safe," he bites his lip and glances up at the Knight. Kylos eyes are no longer sleepy, they are wide and confused, his brow furrowing in worry. Feidhelm, he breathes, his voice deep with sleep still as he reaches for Hux. The General takes his hand and grips it tightly and it scares Kylo a little to see the redhead like this. He doesnt understand what is happening! Hux looks so somber! "I love you. You're my Knight, my partner and I know when we strive towards the same goal there are none who can stand in our way. You have seen me at my lowest and darkest points and have been there for me: a beautiful storm of chaos and rage, Hux blinks and Kylo is certain he sees tears in those bright green eyes. Your very existence has nearly driven me mad at times, you're a plethora of contradictions and confusion. And yet I cannot imagine my life without you in it. You stormed into my life and became my everything. And I would not trade one second of it for anything." "Fae," Kylo bites his lip, drawing the sheet around himself with a shiver. His heart is going to fast, and he can feel the nervousness radiating off of the General as he talks. Hux is talking too much, he does that sometimes, when hes anxious he tends to get wordy. To go on and on. Kylo grips his hand tighter. These confessions of love, these eloquent words that Kylo knows he could never manage himself, they make his heart race and his cheeks blush red. He likes it when Hux talks like this. It makes him feel all warm inside. Treasured, valued and loved. He glances at the General. "I would burn out the stars for you, I have the support of the council now. I have the strength of command and allies in all parts of the Order. I would go to war for you. Against the Resistance, against Snoke himself. I finally can truly offer you protection. Kylo..." Hux swallows heavily and takes Kylo's left hand in his. He fumbles with the tiny bag for a moment and two rings fall out of it and onto the bed between them. Hux picks one of them up and gently slips it onto Kylos finger. It is a black ring with a band of dark maroon down its center. Stopping to buy it had almost gotten Hux killed. But for Kylo, anything. Huxs heart is beating so fast he thinks it may explode. Hes shaking now and cant stop. "I don't care about what Snoke has done to you. That doesn't ruin you, it doesn't degrade you because you are stronger than he is. You are braver and ten times more cunning. Nothing that bastard does could ever turn me from your side. And I will fight every step of the way to keep you safe, to protect you, to love you and show you just how amazing you are. That you are so much more that you realize." The dark haired man stared at his finger, eyes wide, mouth slightly open in astonishment. Hux was was he really? Was this real ? Did Hux really want to The Knights mouth works, unable to form words as he stares at the black and red band on his finger. Hux wants him. Forever. "Kylo Ren," Hux whispered, his hands clutching the Knights. "Would you give me the greatest treasure? The gift that I don't deserve and will spend the rest of my life trying to be worthy of? Will you join me in a union? Stand by my side through good and bad? Through war, famine, and through peace and joy? Even when I'm an insufferable ass, because I know there are days-" "Feidhelm," Kylo gently puts a finger to his lips and the General falls silent. Huxs babbling has become too much, Kylo is afraid his brain will overload. This is already too surreal. To fantastical. He just needs to hear it. To hear the words, the simple ones. "Too many words, beloved. Just ask me?" Hux swallows and lets out a shaky breath, staring at him with love so powerful it could burn up an entire planet. It is thrilling and terrifying all at once. And yet right. This is right. "Kylo, a rnsearc , will you marry me?" Hux looks up at Kylo and the Knight has tears in his eyes and is biting his lips but he nods frantically, scrubbing at the tears that start to fall. The Knight picks up the ring that is on the bed, the one that matches his, the one for Hux. He takes the Generals hand and slips the ring into place on his finger. Now theyre matched. Theyre perfect. Complete. Balanced. "Yes," he pulls Hux off the floor and back into the bed, kissing him. He can feel Hux shaking against him. And all Ren can do is press him against the bed and kiss him. Their fingers lace together and their bodies fit so perfectly close together and Kylo kisses his General. Over and over again. "Yes. My heart, my very soul, all of me, it is yours. I love you Feidhelm. I love you." Theyre both crying now, trembling, even as they kiss.  T gr again duit,  Hux whispers breathlessly as he nuzzles against the Knights neck. The stars for you. The Galaxy itself, for you, Kylo. I dont want that, Fae, Kylo gazes down at him. I just want you. To be with you in that garden. Do you remember, the first time I showed it to you? Hux nods, reaching up and stroking Kylos hair back from his face. Well find it. I promise you Kylo. --- Jakku had been a disaster. They had been so close! The map had nearly be theirs! A traitor from within their Stormtrooper ranks. The one from the village, the one who had hesitated. The one Kylo had let go because he wasnt certain if what hed sensed had been real or not. Surely, the Stormtrooper that had been hand picked by Phasma would not have betrayed them. Phasma had spoken so highly of the young man, said he was incredibly skilled. That he would be a good addition to what remained of Kylos squad of personal troopers. How wrong they had all been. Kylo had been seething with rage, ready to go down to the planet himself. It had been Huxs steady voice that had brought him back to reality. Had kept him grounded with clever words, despite that the General himself was wroth beneath his calm exterior. Careful Ren. That your personal interests do not interfere with direct orders from Leader Snoke. Hux was right. He had to stay calm. Had to be in control of himself. Just for a little longer. It had taken all of Kylos willpower to not fly into a rage. They were so close! They could not fail now! So close to that map! To the chance to stop his Master, to stop the Resistance! Kylo had been staring out at the stars, trying to actively meditate, to find some sort of calm within himself when Mitaka had brought him the bad news. Mitaka who had barely just returned to the Finalizer . Who six and a half years ago Kylo had embraced as a friend. It was he who had the misfortune of being the one to tell Kylo that the retrieval mission had failed. That the droid had escaped. Kylo saw red and had it been anyone else in that room with him, they would likely be dead. The Knight turned his rage to the console and destroyed it. He was shaking, trembling when he finished ruining the expensive piece of electronics. No! No it was all falling apart! All of their work! All because of one stupid pilot and a traitor! Then Dopheld had the misfortune of mentioning the girl and Kylo felt the very Force itself tremble at the mention of her. Without thinking, as if he moved in a dream, he reached out through the Force and grabbed the Lieutenant by the neck and yanked him across the room into the grasp of a cruel and cold hand. Had Hux not shown up a few seconds later, there might have been a chance that Dopheld Mitaka would have come to far worse damage than the the bruising of his throat. That was how Kylo found himself grabbing Hux by the front of his uniform and was shaking him as Mitaka fled. The girl Hux! This is the girl! The one! Ren put me down ! Huxs hands pried himself loose from the Knights grasp and the two men regarded each other, panting for breath. Finally Hux straightened and in a low voice that did little to hide his anger he asked. What girl ? Kylos mouth worked behind his mask and his eyes went wide. Had he not told Hux? Had he not told him about the visions and dreams hed been having? Slowly the Knight brought a black gloved hand to his helmet, trying to remember. But he cant. All that he can recall is that this girl has been showing up in his visions more and more frequently. Something about her is important! He knows it! I-I there is a girl with the droid, he struggles with the words. Shes important! Ive seen her. The Force showed her to me For months Hux! I didnt know when or how or if she was even real, but she is ! Hux we have to get to her! The General slowly pinches the bridge of his nose in a weary gesture. Neither of them have slept much since they arrived at Jakku and the traitors actions means it will be even longer before they are able to even catch their breath. Is she more important than the map Ren? he finally asks. What? Is this girl, this phantom menace, is she more important than the map to Skywalker? What? No! Is she more important than your allies? N..No, Kylo feels anxiety swim in his stomach and Hux closes the space between them. He puts a warm, gloved hand on Kylos shoulder and a shudder runs through the larger man. Listen to me Kylo, Huxs voice softens and lowers so only Kylo can hear him. Focus, can you do that for me? Slowly Kylo nods. Listen to me now Im going to have a bounty put out on the droid. We will capture it, we will get the map. I need you to hold it together for just a little longer, okay? Huxs voice is impossibly quiet, Kylo can hear the strain this puts on him. How the General wants this as badly as he does. You do that for me, okay? The sweet, unspoken promise of freedom hangs in the air. So close! Kylo swallows heavily. Okay, he whispers softly and is rewarded with a faint smile on the tired Generals face. --- Hux hadnt told him to go apologize to the Lieutenant, that was something Kylo had decided to do on his own. Mitaka had only been back three days, and as travel weary as the Lieutenant was, hed gotten right to work, falling into place aboard the Finalizer as if hed always been there. It was a level of adaptability that Kylo was envious of and the Knight had not seen him aside from briefly passing him in the halls. The Knight had not see hide nor horn of Ashara either. Either way, Mitaka had not deserved that. Kylo should have had more restraint! He should have done so many things differently. He had just wanted the map! Just wanted that last piece that they so desperately needed! If they could find his uncle then perhaps they stood a chance! They could stop his Master, they could be free! Kylos racing thoughts were interrupted as the door to the Lieutenants quarters opened and he found himself face to face with not the Lieutenant, but Lady Ashara instead. Kylo felt his throat close up and he stiffened. Can I help you, Lord Ren? she asked, her eyes narrowing in an expression that told him that he had best tread carefully. She looked exhausted and there was an air of danger about her. Six years touring the Galaxy and more often than not fighting for her life against Resistance attacks had worn down her patience. She also was probably less than thrilled that Kylo had choked her husband. Slowly Kylo pressed the releases on his helmet and took it off, tucking it under his arm so he might face her properly. I came to apologize, he admit lowly, dropping his eyes, glad no one else was in the hall to see his display of humility. Ashara made a sniffing noise and stepped back, allowing him to enter. Which he did with great trepidation. Dopheld was nowhere in sight and as he turned to her to ask where the other man was she whirled on him and slapped him with her crippled hand as hard as she could. How could you do that to Dopheld! How dare you! she shouted quietly at him. Rage flowed out around her, pure fury, hurt, betrayal. He is your friend! It isnt his fault the droid got away! After everything we have gone through together you would go and- her tirade of anger stops short as she realizes that he is staring at her with wide eyes. What? she growls, baring sharp teeth at him. He can only stare at her. It isnt the blow that has him stunned, it is what he felt the moment her skin touched him. A whirl of energy, a spark of life . Hes only felt it once before. When his mother had been Kylos mouth works silently for a moment until he is able to find the words. Please, Lady Ashara let me? he makes a shortened motion of reaching out his hand. Ashara huffs, closing her eyes gestures dismissively. Fine. Kylo sets his helmet down and then kneels before her, much to the Togrutas surprise. She recoils slightly, uncertain as to what he means to do. He pulls his glove off and with trembling fingers reaches out and rests his hand on her flat stomach. Slowly his eyes close as he scans her body There. That spark. It is strong, fierce, just as she is. Kylos eyes fly open and he gasps softly, glancing up at her. Shes frowning at him, but he can feel her fear, her anxiety. He knows these past six years have been hard on her. He has seen the reports theyve sent back to Hux. Victory, but at a price. Youre pregnant, he whispers, afraid that if he says it too loud the cosmos will hear and rip the child away from her. Ashara goes still, her eyes widening. What? How can you tell? there is astonishment in her voice, but hope. Oh, so much hope it makes Kylos heart ache. Then he senses it. Senses everything else beneath the surface. New life, he swallows heavily. Has a very distinct energy signature. The child, he closes his eyes again, concentrating. There it is. So tiny. She wouldnt know by conventional means for weeks still. But he can sense it. The child is strong in the Force, that means that she A son, he slowly pulls his hand away, but he cant bring himself to stand, he just gazes at her in wonderment as he slowly sits back on his heels. Your son, he is strong in the Force. The Togrutas eyes go wide and she puts a hand over her mouth, the other going over her belly and she takes a small step back. Just as you are, Kylo whispers as she trembles before him. He looks away then, sitting back on his heels. Why did you not tell me? Why did you lie to me? Lie about what? Mitakas voice comes from behind him and Kylo turns, seeing the Lieutenant out of uniform, his neck is bruising horrifically. The other man looks equal parts terrified and confused at the sight of the Knight in his quarters, kneeling before his wife. She is Force-Sensitive, Kylo tilts his head, brow wrinkling. Mitaka pales and looks at his wife then back to the Knight. We didnt know. Ematt did something to her- Project Force Choke, Kylo moves, standing because if he sits still hell feel trapped. Rage fills him, his suspicions had been right! Ematt had not just sought to manipulate the Force, to control it but to simulate it in beings as well! He paced like a caged nexu for a moment as Ashara started to speak. It was slow at first, Ashara whispers. Just little things here and there. Little feelings, whispers. But then suddenly, when I was afraid, when I was angry, I felt  a terrible power. Mitaka goes to wrap his arms around her and holds her close as she speaks. Kylo silent regards them. It makes him all the more determined to find the map, for the sake of the small family before him. For they are his friends. They deserve better than this. I had come to apologize, he mumbles awkwardly, glancing at Dopheld. I should not have done that. It was wrong of me. I- I have no excuse for my behavior. Im sorry, he whispers. Dopheld looks uncomfortable at the apology, he rubs a hand over his neck. It Youre forgiven. Kylo looks up at him like he cant quite believe what hes hearing. Mitaka offers him a small, tired smile. Were friends. We forgive each other, because we all make mistakes. It it has been a long six years. For all of us. Kylos shoulders slump, he feels the sincerity in Dophelds words. He is glad that the smaller man is his friend. If you like, he tells them quietly. When this war is over, when your son is born, I will train him in the ways of the Force. Mitaka makes a stuttering noise and looks between his wife and the Knight. Son? The Force? What? She had no idea, Kylo explains, gesturing with his hands for the Lieutenant to remain calm. You wouldnt know for weeks still by normal means. I I sensed him, just moments before you joined us. I had to be sure, Kylo lets the other man process this. Mitaka slowly sinks into a chair by the small desk that is crammed into their quarters. We have a son, he whispers, his hands clutching Asharas tightly. He is strong, Kylo promises him. He has sensed the stress that the Togrutas body has been under. The battles, the weariness of travel and the heartbreaking miscarriages she has suffered. It rends his heart, tears through him. It hurts worse than when he had felt his unborn sister die. This time it will different though. He has his mothers spirit. This one, this boy, he will survive. I promise you, Kylo tells them, tells himself. --- There is no time to stay and talk with Dopheld and Ashara. There is no time to rest. Snoke has summoned the Knight and General to stand before him. To answer for their failings. Kylo corners Hux in a conference room, hands shaking despite the display of indifference he puts on, his mask the only thing that hides the full extent of his terror from the rest of the Galaxy. What do we do? he asks Hux. The General stands there, greatcoat on his shoulders, expression sharp, pinched like someone who has just had to endure a long elevator ride filled with unpleasant and questionable smells and screaming children. I will protect you, he says, his tone not matching his expression. His voice soft as he rests a gloved hand over Kylos, their rings are hidden beneath the leather material. He gives Rens hand a squeeze. I promise. Kylo looks at him from behind the mask and Hux gently presses a kiss to the faceplate. I promise. The Generals own terror is making his stomach coil on itself. He must not let it leak out. Must not project it, nor let it show. The bounty is out, there are enough bandits, gangs and bounty hunters in the far reaches of space, it will not take long for them to find the droid. For now all he has to do is appease Snoke. Just buy them enough time. It is easier said than done however as they stand before the massive hologram. It isnt the first time that Hux wonders if the Supreme Leader is actually that large or if it is all part of an elaborate head game. Hes never asked Ren about it, not wanting to distress the Knight. Now it doesnt matter though. Snoke is clearly concerned about the Jedi resurgence, something that makes Hux almost gleeful. The hastily constructed plan he and Ren had come up with just might work! If they can reach Skywalker, urge him to listen-- The General is careful to bury the thought as he speaks. It has been years since Snoke tore into his mind. Phasma had been working with him since Kylo left, helping him to create the white noise barrier that he could visualize in his mind. Even now though, and every time since then that he has stood before Snoke, he has felt those cold, invisible fingers pressing at the barrier. Testing him, seeing if he will crack and crumble. Hux knows he cannot falter now, not with victory so close. Supreme Leader I take full responsibility- GENERAL! Snoke physically stands and his rage reaches across the Galaxy, from whatever hellhole he was hidden in and makes the very ground of the meeting chamber shudder and shake. Hux feels his face twitch before he can stop it. His entire body floods with adrenaline and he glares hatefully up at the ancient being. What he would give to see the monster before them as a corpse! He bites down on his tongue to keep himself from snarling. Control! Control! He must stay in control! Our strategy must now change Snokes gaze shifts then and Hux thinks his heart may stop as those cold eyes focus on the Knight standing next to him. The Supreme Leader is not known for benevolence, and the almost thoughtful look on his face is more fearsome than his outright wrath. Hux feels his heart stop. No. Not Kylo! He has to protect the other man! He cannot let Snoke set his sights on Ren! Not again! Cannot allow that monster to use Kylo for his means. No! No it ends now. And Hux will pay any price to ensure that it does. He lets impulse seize him and his body seems to move without him realizing it. He is taking half a step forward, pulling Snokes attentions from Kylo. He speaks the words that he knows will haunt him for the rest of his life. The words Snoke had promised him long ago that he would speak. Intent be damned. In the end it doesnt matter if he does it out of his own hatred for the Republic or to protect his lover, the end result is the same. It means that Snoke has claimed this victory. The weapon, it is ready, the words leave his lips without a second thought. Anything, any promise to distract Snoke from the Knight! His heart is hammering in his chest and his brain feels like it has overloaded as he realizes exactly what he has said. But hes thrown blood into the water now, Snoke has settled back into his throne and is staring Hux down. The General cannot retreat now. I believe the time has come to use it. We shall destroy the government that supports the Resistance: the Republic, he sneers as he says the name. He lets the hatred in himself rise up, he doesnt think about the consequences that will come, even as Kylo turns his masked head and stares at him. Hux keeps talking. Without their friends to protect them the Resistance will be vulnerable to attack. We will stop them before they reach Skywalker. Snoke reclines back in his great seat and gestures lazily with a bony finger. Go. Oversee preparations. A dismissal. He is being forced to leave Kylo alone with Snoke. Hux suddenly feels like he might be physically ill. All that, for nothing! Yes, Supreme Leader, he turns, pausing only long enough to exchange a silent glance with the masked figure next to him. He feels Kylo sending a rush of emotion to him and it is all Hux can do to turn on his heel and continue walking. As he nears the exit of the chamber he hears Snoke speaking to the Knight. There has been an awakening Have you felt it? Yes The door slides shut behind Hux, leaving the General in the hallway. His entire body is shaking, buzzing with nerves and his breathing is coming too fast, he has to swallow to get the air to go into his lungs properly. His legs carry him to the empty conference room that he and Ren had met in before the meeting and drops into a chair, clutching his head in his hands. What have I done? he whispers aloud to himself in horror. Desperately he tries to quash it down. To appear confident in his decision. This is war after all, he tells himself. Sacrifices had to be made. People died. There is no going back now. It is a political strike he tells himself. He is targeting their political center, their rotten core. The corruption that has ruined the Galaxy. Doing this is like expelling pus from a wound. It will remove the infection. It will bring them one step closer to victory. But had it made any difference? Had he spared Ren of anything? The Knight still had ended up alone with Snoke. Hux had stupidly, impulsively, thrown away the one trump card he had. Hux. The General raises his eyes and finds Kylo Ren standing before him. The two men stare at each other and finally Kylo speaks again. I wont stand at your side, not while you do this. Im doing this to protect you, Huxs voice comes out in a hoarse whisper. Kylo, please- The Knight is shaking his head. You said it was a last resort. Yet it is the first thing you offer my Master. Millions, billions of lives! his voice starts to rise and Hux can only stare at the Knight. Youre not just destroying political facilities Hux! There are families! Schools! Hospitals! Children! Youre killing people! You cant undo that! I.. I know. Kylo slaps him so hard that it sends Hux sprawling to the ground from the chair hes sitting in. Youre a monster! Kylo hisses at the General. How can you hold life in such little regard? Because I hold your life in higher regard, Hux grits out, willing his voice not to shake. His nose is bleeding from the Force of the Knights strike and he pushes himself to his feet, making no move to wipe the blood away. Because I would sacrifice every system in this Galaxy to keep you safe! I dont want that! Kylo screams at him. I dont want more people to die because of me! Kylo- Hux tries to reach for him, to touch him. Perhaps some sort of physical contact will calm the Knight? He gets so worked up, Hux just needs to calm him down. They both need to calm down! Theyre falling apart. Its falling apart all over again. NO! Kylo throws an arm out and Hux is sent backwards into the wall of the conference room. He impacts it so hard there is a small dent where his skull cracks against the metal. The General collapses and makes no move to get back up. I will find the map, the droid, the girl, Kylo whispers, his voice suddenly quiet. I will find what we need. I will find Skywalker. This is ending. No more death. Then he is gone, leaving Hux unconscious on the conference room floor. --- It is bitterly cold. His breath comes in white clouds before him as he stands on the platform before the six battalions of Stormtroopers on Starkiller base. His head is aching and his vision keeps going spotty. In this moment he is thankful for his cap that hides the mess of blood that has spilled from his skull and into his hair. The result of Kylos Force throw. The Knight has requested two squads of troopers and a handful of ships. There was a report of the droid being spotted on Takodana and the Knight has started making preparations to leave. Hux has not heard from him since. It feels wrong to stand here alone on Starkiller without Kylo by his side. Hux crushes the feeling down as he starts to speak. But even as he does, it rises up again, more powerful that before. Today is the end! The end of a government incapacitated by corruption! The end of an illegitimate regime that acquiesces to disorder! It doesnt matter now. None of it does. He cannot change this course of action. He cannot stop the machine he has put into motion. He has lost control of his life. For all his fighting, all his struggles it has come down to this: simply playing the part. At this very moment, in a system far from here, the New Republic lives and wheezes, staggering onward, depraved and ineffectual and unable in any way to support the citizenry it claims to serve. Meanwhile a host of systems are left to wither and die  without aid, without care, without hope. It is a remarkably helpless feeling, one that General Hux is not used to experiencing. He tries to draw on the hatred he feels for the Republic, the fear hed felt as a child, the wild craving for revenge. Drowning in its own decadence, the New Republic ignores them, unaware that these are its final moments. Today is the end of the Republic. The end of a regime that acquiesces to disorder. He feels empty inside. At this very moment in a system far from here, the New Republic lies to the galaxy while secretly supporting the treachery of the loathsome Resistance. But after all that has happened is there any other way? Would there have been any other final result? Could they have done things differently? This fierce machine which you have built, upon which we stand will bring an end to the Senate, to their cherished fleet. No. The end result would have always been the same. It was always just a matter of when things reached that point of desperation. Be it by the Resistance forcing their hand or Snoke. Snoke. That puppet master. Hux is just as much a puppet as Kylo is. Living a reactionary existence. In this moment he has failed . He could not protect Kylo again. He is going to single handedly extinguish millions of lives. No. Billions. All remaining systems will bow to the First Order and will remember this as the last day of the Republic! He will never be able to wash the blood from his hands. FIRE! For the first time ever, Starkiller opens her maw and brings forth her terrible power. The ground shakes and the light is blinding as the deadly beam of light shoots forth from within the planet. Trees bow over, snow melts and the air oxidizes, the smell of pure plasma chokes other officers and some of the Stormtroopers are doubling over, sick from the smell. Hux doesnt blink as he stares at the beam that will split into five separate attacks. That will destroy an entire system in a matter of seconds. There is no escaping it. There will be no survivors. Slowly the General closes his eyes as the light becomes unbearable, counting the seconds as they drag by. Impossibly long. It will all be over in a matter of minutes. Tears fall from his eyes and the terrific heat from the blast dries them instantly. Then it is suddenly quiet and the terrible light is gone. The noise is gone. And all that is left is darkness. --- Hux doubles over. Hed barely made it to the private washroom in his office on Starkiller. The anxiety, the shock and horror of what hed just done had been held at arms length. But in the horrific silence that followed, in the darkness that remained afterwards, he cannot avoid it. He vomits the meager contents of his stomach and the taste is bitter in his mouth. He cant stop shaking. His knees give way, his greatcoat falling off his shoulders and his hat falling to the ground as he clutches at the toilet. Tears fall down his face, uninhibited as he vomits over and over until it is only bile left. And then his body cant seem to stop and hes helplessly dry heaving as he sobs. He doesnt even hear Kylo come in behind him. I hope it was worth it, the Knight says quietly, as he takes off his mask, setting it on the counter and sinking the the floor. He has been crying, Hux can tell as he glances at the Knight. Kylos eyes are red and bloodshot. I felt it you know. Hux stares at him, trying to catch his breath. Felt? Through the Force, Kylo leans his head back against the wall. I felt every single one of them die. he closes his eyes, pain rippling across his face. Their last few seconds of terror before their worlds imploded. He opens eyes and looks back at Hux. And were still chained to my Master. Still shackled to him like dogs. Like beasts of war. You have your revenge now at least. Kylo that isnt why- Hux tries to speak but hes dry heaving against and clutching the toilet as he gags and chokes. It doesnt matter why anymore, Kylo says quietly. Its done. He pulls the glove off his left hand and stares at the ring on his finger. I dont know if I can do this anymore Hux. The General paws at the lever to flush the toilet and turns to look at the Knight, panting for breath, shaking and sweating from exertion. Kylo please. Please dont, his voice is hoarse, weak. Hes on hands and knees as he begs the Knight. Im tired Hux. I know you are, Hux feel panic build within him. It is all he can do to not collapse to the floor as he begs Ren not to give up. Not to leave. Im tired too. With trembling hands he pulls his own glove off his left hand, the one that he too wears a ring on. A ring for the union that can never happen. Their secret, like so many other things. Hux reaches out to the Knight, offering his hand out. Silently asking him to take it. Please, Kylo? Dont give up on me? His limb aches and burns from how long he holds it out. But finally Kylos cold hand closes around his warm one and in a steady motion Kylo pulls him across the bathroom floor and into his arms. The Knight buries his face against Huxs neck then and sobs. No more! No more killing Fae! Please! Please dont use Starkiller again! Hux holds the Knight tightly, his heart jumping as Kylo cries against him. He is afraid to make such a promise. Afraid that this one, like all the others, he will break. He will fail his lover. Worse, he doesnt know if they can win this war without firing the terrifying weapon again. Taking a deep breath, trying to find strength enough for both of them within himself, Hux kisses his lovers temple. For Kylo, anything. I promise. I wont. --- When Kylo Ren had set foot on Takodana he had expected to simply find the droid and return. The little orange and white BB unit however was not what sat before him now. It was a girl. The girl . The one who had been haunting his dreams for months. The one there was something about her. Something special. He couldnt quite tell what it was. There was something carefully hidden, beyond even his own reach, something she didnt even know she had. She had seen the map and that would be enough to finish the puzzle out, it would be easier to pull it from her mind than to track down a droid in the woods. Although hed rather not rip her mind apart looking for the map. It would be so much easier if she just told him. He studied her. She was practically a child still. Loneliness radiated off of her, even in her unconscious state. But also a ferocity. Both he suspected came from having eked out an existence in a place like Jakku. Strangely, she reminded him of some of the children that had been in his care at the citadel. Before the planet had consumed their souls and left the hollow eyed. It made an uncomfortable mix of compassion and sympathy well up in him. Just get the map, he told himself. That was all he needed. The map and then they could find Skywalker, they could end this. Hell, perhaps he could even convince Hux to drop the girl back on the desert planet. She just needed to cooperate. She just needed to listen instead of trying to kill him. The traitor. He had been the cause of all this strife. From their encounter in the forest it was clear that the girl was terrified of him. This was going to be an uphill battle. He just had to convince her to listen, if she would just give him the map. Slowly her eyes opened and Kylo straightened slightly from where he was sitting, watching her intently from behind the mask he wore. It was time. --- Kylo was shaking. His mind was turned upside down. It simply was not possible! It wasnt! It couldnt be! But oh it was! From the moment this simple scavenger girl had pressed inside his own mind he had known. She had done it as naturally as breathing. Sliding in passed his defenses. Passed the barriers that not even his Master could breach. But no. No she had slinked in like a shadow. She had reached down into his core. Found his fear. Now he stood before his Master, frantically trying to explain himself. This scavenger-- this girl --  Snoke spat with displeasure. Resisted you? Kylo could feel the chamber trembling as his Masters rage reached across the Galaxy. She is strong in the Force! Untrained but stronger than she knows! His Master frowned and Kylo felt his heart sink. You have compassion for her. It is not her strength that is making you fail. It is your weakness  He moved to stand, his hand raising in a gesture that Kylo was all too familiar with. There would be no begging, no mercy from his Master for failing. The Knight braced himself for the pain that would course through him and leave his body broken and bleeding to death on the floor. He believed that the girl was all we needed. That he could obtain from her everything necessary, Huxs voice rang out behind Ren and Snokes attention was diverted to the red haired General steadily walking towards them. Forcing the Supreme Leader to pause in whatever punishment he was about to administer. As a result, although we cannot be certain, it is likely that the droid has been returned to the hands of the enemy, Hux came to a stop next to Kylo. He didnt look at the Knight, his expression livid, angry almost. Annoyed, as if this was all a massive inconvenience. Snoke regarded the other human. Have we located the main Resistance base? We were able to track their reconnaissance ship back to the Illeenium system. We are coordinating with our own reconnaissance craft in the area to lock down the specific location of their base, Huxs reply was almost smug, clearly thrilled to have succeeded in at least delivered some good news. Next to him, Kylo let out a quiet breath of relief, not daring to look at the General. Holding his breath, hardly daring to hope- We do not need it. Prepare the weapon. Destroy their system, Snoke growled lowly. For the first time Kylo could remember, Hux looked shocked. The system ? Supreme Leader, according to the most recent galographics, at least two and possible three habitable worlds circle Ileenium, he is talking quickly, Kylo can hear the franticness in his voice, the quiet tremor. If Kylo could hear it that meant that his Master could. Following the destruction of the Hosnian worlds, would it not be worthwhile simply to destroy their base and claim the remainder for the Order? We will have the location of the base within a matter of hours and-- We cannot wait. Not even for hours, he waves a dismissive hand. Hours that may permit as little as one ship to depart with the information that will allow them to find Skywalker. That would be one ship too many. The more time we give them, the more likely the chance, however slight, that they will find Skywalker and convince him to return to challenge our power. As soon as the weapon is fully charged, I want the entire Ileenium system destroyed. Hux visibly pales and his jaw clenches, his fists tightening at his sides. Kylo can sense the panic radiating off him and summons his own strength, stepping forward, speaking quickly. No-- Supreme Leader, I can get the map from the girl, and that will be the end of it. I just need your guidance. And you promised me that when it came to destroying the Resistance you wouldnt fail me, Snoke leans forward, there is cold cunning in his eyes and Kylo feels like the ancient being is staring right into his soul. Fear grips him. Snoke looks back at the General standing next to him. General, prepare the weapon. With the same efficiency you have already demonstrated. Yes, Supreme Leader! Huxs voice is strained as he turns on his heel and retreats from the room. Alone once more with his Apprentice Snoke gazes at the man before him. Kylo Ren. It appears that a reminder is in order. So I will show you the Dark Side. Bring the girl to me . --- Kylo all but flees from the room the moment his Masters holo vanishes. He finds Hux waiting for him just outside the door of the chamber and grabs Hux by the arm with bruise force. Hux! Shh! the General brings a finger to his own lips, face still pale and expression pinched. He casts a glance around them. The hall is abandoned of course. No one comes through here without an access code. That doesnt stop the creeping feeling that they are being watched, listened to. Despite that Hux knows every single twist and turn of Starkiller, every surveillance camera placement and corridor. The feeling of unease is inescapable. Hux please! Kylos voice is frantic. Please dont! Dont do this! If we destroy the Resistance- Please dont kill my mom! Kylos voice breaks behind his mask and Hux stares at him. Please! Dont target the system! After all she has put you through? After all you have suffered at the hands of the Resistance? The torture they have put you through? Put Dopheld and Ashara through? He doesnt bring up how Kylo knows that Leia Organa is there. That it sounds very much like Kylo knows exactly where the Resistance base is. You promised! Kylo shakes the General. However misguided, however damaged Kylo is, he loves his mother. Despite having howled his hate at her the last time he was near her, Kylo doesnt want her dead! He doesnt want anyone else to die! Please! The General is quiet for a long moment and then looks at Kylo. What is so special about this girl? he asks lowly. Is she really that strong? Did she really resist you? Kylo stares at him, heart thudding in his ears. Not sure how to respond to this sudden change in subject. Not understanding. Kylo I need to know! We dont have time! I think shes the one! Kylo says in a rushed whisper. His brain feels like it is going into overdrive. Like it will give way under the stress and strain and literally crack in half inside his skull. The crystal from my teacher! Its for her! It has to be! We cant let Snoke have her! We cant! Shes important! his grip on Huxs arm tightens and he realizes hes pushed the General back against a wall. Please Fae! He doesnt even know what hes asking the General anymore. Its all jumbled together in his mind. Things are bleeding together and becoming terribly unclear. Hux lets out a heavy sigh, closing his eyes. Kylo can sense his mind racing behind the mental shield of white noise. Give me the coordinates to Snokes citadel, Kylo, Hux opens his eyes and looks at him. There is a grim determination in his gaze. His jaw is clenched. What? even the modulator on his helmet cannot hide the Knights surprise. His anxiety at such a question. I will give the order to fire on the Ileenium system, Hux takes a deep breath. And I will personally reroute the coordinates to target your Master. You can do that? Kylo whispers, terrified and in awe at the same time. Of course I can, Hux raises his chin slightly, the faintest hint of pride in his voice. Did you really think I would design something like this an not ensure that I had a backdoor into the system? Really? Kylo just stares at him and Hux shakes his arm free from the Knights bruising grip. Rubbing the spot and wincing slightly he frowns. Give me the coordinates to Snokes citadel, well end this today. He wont see it coming. Then you take the girl- But- Shut up and listen! Hux snaps, putting two fingers to his temple and rubbing it slightly. He lets out a slow breath. Kylo falls silent. You take the girl and you get back to the Finalizer with her, do you understand? Well figure the rest out after your Master is dead. Hux Kylo stares at him, speechless. You would openly defy him? You would- Say it much louder and the entire base will hear you, Huxs expression shifts then, and he offers the Knight faint smile, a tiny glimmer of hope. Kylo sees how tired he is. While Kylo has been fighting his own personal war, Huxs has been a much more physical battle. He has been fighting against the Galaxy and the internal politics of the Order. Not once has Kylo asked him if hes alright. War Panic seized the Knight. The children! he remembers the army of dead eyed children. The little ones hed tried so hard to protect. Oh no, we cant- Kylo, Huxs brow furrows and he looks like he may be ill right there in the hallway. Even if we could save them, could they ever recover from what Snoke and Ematt, have done to them? he asks quietly. He hates to make the Knight consider this, hates to make Kylo have to face this reality. It is something Hux had suspected from the moment that the Knight revealed this terrible secret army to him. Is there anything left to save? Would they ever have a chance at living even a fraction of a normal life? Theyd be orphans and theyd be facing the same horror in their minds that you do. Is that something you want to put them through? In the silence that follows Kylo has to fight down the urge to strike the other man. You didnt give up on me, he whispers accusingly. I cant give up on them. Kylo, you said yourself that they were dead inside. You Hux struggles with words, for once in his life. Would this not be a mercy? Would this not be kinder than to make them continue to suffer? Because if we dont do this, how soon do you think it will be before Snoke uses them for their true purpose? How long will you be able to shield them from the battlefield? It makes the General feel rotten to say the words. Makes him feel like a demon. A true monster. It is ironic, hed wanted to gain power to protect people, and yet all he has done is bring about destruction and death. Every step he has tried to take has ended in disaster and he hates himself for it. Kylo we dont have much time- Do it, the Knight looks away as he says the words. A mercy killing. A killing that would free all of them from Snoke. Then the map doesnt matter. Skywalker doesnt matter. None of it will. It will be nearly over in this final, terrible moment. Kylo, Im so sorry, Hux puts a gentle hand on Kylos arm. The General is warm still, not as much as he used to be. Since that first firing of Starkiller, it feels like the General has gotten colder. As if shooting the terrible weapon had taken a part of the redheads own soul. I know. I am too. But this this ends now, Kylo rests a hand over Huxs. Give me the coordinates and then you run , understand? Kylo nods, feeling oddly numb. His heart is racing too fast, he can barely breathe as he leans close and whispers them into the Generals ear --- The girl had not been in the interrogation chamber when he returned. The Stormtrooper left to guard her had been found a few halls down, dazed and confused. Complete panic had set into the Knights mind and he had destroyed the room in a fit of uncontrollable rage. He had to find her! They had to escape! Then he had sensed it. His father. And the traitor. They were here for the girl. To rescue her. Kylo races to reach her first. He cant let her fall into Resistance hands! But by the time he stood on that bridge facing the man who had rejected him years ago, Kylo could feel his grip on reality, on what was real and what wasnt, starting to slip. Snoke is only using you for your power! Han insisted. When hes gotten everything he wants out of you, hell crush you. Toss you aside. You know its true. As if the Resistance hadnt? As if they wouldnt? As if you actually care? The Supreme Leader is wise, Kylo wishes his voice didnt sound so weak. Wishes he could run from the confrontation. Wishes a million things. What was that phrase Phasma was fond of? Shit in one hand, wish in the other. See which gets full first? Its too late, there is no going back. Hes come too far. There is too much damage. There is no way to fix what has been done. No taking back what has been said. Kylo knows the truth, knows what going back means for him. No, its not, Han kept coming towards him. The man who had almost made him believe that nearly seven years ago. The man who had lied to him. Who had discarded him just as quickly as his mother had. Come home. Your mother misses you. Kylo blinked. His mother hated him! She had used him like a lab rat! Had allowed him to be tortured! But, oh how it hurts! How it aches! He wants to believe it! Just as desperately as he did all those years ago. He wants this family that hes never had! He wants to believe it. Traitorous tears leak from his eyes without permission. He feels his helmet slip from his hands and land with a heavy CLANK on the bridge that echoes throughout the massive complex. I am being torn apart. I want-- I want to be free of this pain, Kylo can hear his voice shaking, hes choking on fear, doubt and longing. Emotions war in him and his father stops just out of arms reach. Its hard to breathe. Every part of him hurts again. As if his nerves have turned on themselves. His very existence is a paradox, he is tired of this internal war. It needs to end. It needs to stop. He needs to be free. From Snoke, from the family that hates him. From all of it. No. No more. No I know what I have to do, but I dont know if I have the strength to do it, he steps forward then, closing the gap between himself and his father. Will you help me? Yes. Anything. It is over before he realizes what has happened. There is blaster fire, screaming. And instead of peace. Instead of closure. It feels instead as if a black hole has ripped its way into him. The conflict should be gone! But no, no, no. Only agony and grief take its place. Only regret. He has become the monster Snoke wanted him to be. He feels the Light that had been a faint ember in his chest extinguish and coldness consumes him. A delirious mania sets in. There is no peace for monsters, he realizes. No salvation. This is his unspeakable sin. Huxs had been the Hosnian system. This was his. Even the faint Light he had held onto, that he had struggled so hard to hide from his Master has fled. He is alone in the darkness. Like a monster from that terrible labyrinth. Monster. You will die here, Kylo Ren. I shall devour you. Your suffering shall taste most exquisite. The bowcaster pierces his side and Kylo feels himself knocked back on the bridge. It is only the grace of the Force that prevents him from falling to his death like his father had just seconds ago. It is only anger that saves him as the explosions rock the complex. Rage gives him strength where pain and fear would have him lie there and simply die. He sees the traitor. The girl. The stupid, fucking girl! So half blinded by pain, he reaches out into the darkest depth of the Force and draws strength. He gives chase through the snow. His motions uncoordinated, sloopy. Hes wasting energy, but he doesnt care. The oscillator is damaged, exploding behind them in the distance. Kylo knows what it means the moment it happens. They will never be able to make that strike against Snoke. His Master is frighteningly clever. Had he foreseen this? Was this all doomed from the start? None of it matters now. Not a single damn bit of it. He might as well die here. Hux is dead in the explosion for all he knows. He could reach out with the Force, but his vision is clouded. It is hard to focus, hard to concentrate Even if he isnt the Resistance will take no prisoners. They will see all of this destroyed. Do they even realize what theyve done? Or has his mother been more clever than he gives her credit for? Has she been planning this alongside Snoke and Ematt for years? Kylo stands in that dark forest, hes bleeding. His world is a wash of red tinted agony. The world starts to fall apart all around him. Crumbling from the inside out. None of it matters. He lunges at the traitor and the girl. If theyre all going to die he wants to make them suffer. He wants them to hurt! To know the fear, the pain that hes endured. The madness of that faint glimmer of hope, the agony of having it all snatched away. Time and time again. His muscles burn as he screams as he fights blindly. He puts every ounce of himself into the battle, he doesnt care if he bleeds out. He has failed. Hux has failed. It has all fallen apart. Every carefully laid plan. Everything. Shattered. Destroyed. The traitor falls but the girl rises. Kylos vision blurs and he doesnt understand what possesses him to reach out to her as they dance, sabers crashing over the chasm that opens up around them, but he does. You need a teacher! A last strand of delirious hope. I can show you the ways of the Force! She does not need him it would seem. No. She has more innate ability than he has ever witnessed. She is terrifying . In that moment Kylo realizes just how very wrong he was. She is no ally of his. His lightsaber is sent spinning from his hand by her next strike and she moves to kill him. Frantically he calls upon the Force, just like the Nightsister had taught him as he staggers backwards. He tries to call it to physical form before him. But his mind is in too great a chaos, he cannot focus. He can barely defend against her. He repels her, but only for a few seconds. Then, she starts to land the strikes. Over and over she adds to his wounds and Kylo Ren falls. His world is a haze of pain, and struggles to get back up, but his limbs wont cooperate. His body alight with pain. Hes lost too much blood. His vision is too clouded. His grasp on the Force slips and all he can do is gasp for breath and wait for death to come. In that moment he sees her retract her lightsaber. The stolen relic from his grandfather. He sees her flee . But why? Ive been waiting for you, Kylo Ren. The Knight struggles to get up. Fear grips him. You cannot escape me. You cannot save any of them. You have failed. He twists and thrashes in the snow, desperate to get away. In the distance he hears a shuttle. Hux? he croaks out. He cant save you. Not from me. You are mine . And I will have you. I will devour you. Kylo Ren screams as pain rips through him. As something unseen sinks its fangs into his very soul and rends his very existence to shreds. Then the world goes blessedly black and he can only pray that death has finally come for him. --- He awakens, screaming. Hes disoriented, confused. His entire body floods with pain so potent that he thinks he may black out. Kylo! A female voice. Hes restrained, the Knight thrashes and twists. Why was he restrained? Bright lights overhead burn at his retinas every time he tries to open his eyes and see where he is. It hurts, everything hurts. There are tubes in his arms and needles. Medical bay. Why is he back here? Had Hux sent him back here? Why? The last thing he remember is showering with Hux after that session in his office. The thing Kylo had not wanted but not been able to deny his lover. It had hurt. Hux had hurt him. All rage and hatred, carefully sugarcoated in gentle touches afterwards. Kylo hadnt wanted any of it! He hadnt! It was wrong! Wrong, wrong, wrong! Kylo! Kylo look at me! Voice. Focus on the voice. Female, familiar. Safe. Safe, she was safe. Warm hands are touching his face and a broken wail leaves the Knight. Hes grabbing blindly at her. Phas! She moves closer to him and lets him bury his face against her chest, cradling him. Shh, its okay little brother, she whispers to him as he sobs into her chest. Youre safe now. Youre safe. D-Dont let him hurt me! Dont let him! Kylo, theres no one here, she tells him, stroking his back in firm, steady motions to try and stabilize him. Kylo shakes his head, she doesnt understand! Shes not listening! He doesnt want to see Hux, doesnt want the General to hurt him more, to break him apart! That has to be how he ended up here! The last thing he remembers is pain and Hux talking so sweetly to him, but detached. Cold. So cold! Kylo was just a tool, a broken plaything to be discarded. Hux was bored, was discarding him Hux had finally given up on him. Hated him, would destroy him. Take want he wanted and leave Kylo broken and bleeding The taser. The painful dry fucking in Huxs office. The General hitting him, over and over again. Screaming at him. Beating him within an inch of his life. Dont let him take me away, please Phas, Kylo mumbles, his head spinning. Not again. Dont let Hux- Hux? Phasma pulls back, cupping his wounded face in her hands. Bright blue eyes scan his face with concern, her expression confused. Shes not in her armor, he realizes, and there is a bandage around her upper arm. She strokes his sweat soaked hair back from his face. Kylo, youve been in the medical bay for two weeks. What? No, no, Kylos brow furrows with confusion and he places a hand on his head. No I was  drugged for three days then, then Hux said to meet him- Kylo? a new voice. Male. Brown eyes dart up to see who it is. Hux stands in the doorway. The General looks exhausted. His normally pristine uniform is wrinkled and stained, the edges of it are singed and torn. His face is pale and dark circles are under his eyes. And hes looking at Kylo like the Knight is his entire world. Kylo? Hux takes a step that is more like a stagger towards the bed, reaching out to him and the Knights reflex is to scramble away, but the restraints keep him in place. No! No! Stay away! he thrashes and not even Phasma can calm him. Not again! No! NO! You promised! YOU PROMISED! Hux only stares at him, too tired to hide his feelings and the heartbroken confusion plays out across his face. Kylo I- You said youd never hurt me! Kylo shrieks at him and Hux jerks back at the accusation.  What?  He looks between the Captain and the terrified Knight, hurt and confusion flooding him. Kylo I havent touched you since we pulled you out of the snow on Starkiller! LIAR! Kylo, Phasma intervenes. She wraps her arms around him and holds him tightly until he stops thrashing. Kylo listen to me, youve been in this room since we rescued you from Starkiller. Youve been here for two weeks. Hux hasnt been near you. Hes been dealing with backlash from the council. Hes been trying to hold the First Order together! Trying to stop it from all falling apart. Kylos hands shake and he clings to the Captain, breathing heavily, staring at Hux with wide, terrified eyes. Hux hadnt hed not But he had! Kylo remembers ! Hux had stared at him with cold, cruel eyes. But the man who stood before him was the farthest thing from that. Hux had hurt him, almost broken him. Then spoken sweet, sweet words that meant nothing, that were only to ensnare and capture. Sweet lies. Promises that would be broken. Kylo, Huxs voice trembles.  A rnsearc, le do thoil  He takes another step towards the bed. Kylo clings tighter to Phasma as he approaches, watching him warily, but he doesnt scream. Doesnt lash out. Slowly Hux sits on the edge of the bed and reaches out to the Knight, gently placing a hand ever-so-gently on his unwounded shoulder. Please. Something is not right. Hux is gentle. Warm. Soft. Those words Hux always spoke those words. Those gentle words. Kylo whimpers. His head throbs painfully. Something cold slithers through his mind. It burns and bites at his neurons and makes him try to clutch at his head, straining against the cuffs that held his arms down. No, he whimpers. No, no, no! The slithering presence burrows deeper. It takes root, latching on to his insecurities, his doubts. He doesnt love you. Hell only use you. You cant trust him. He who let you be hurt. Who gave you away. No, no, no, Kylo pleads, shaking his head violently. No! No thats not true! The pestilence in his mind burrows deeper. The garden of ash swims before his eyes. Is he here or there? The hollow eyes of the children stare at him. The wind of the wasteland howls. You are mine, Apprentice. Never forget that. The smell of rot, of death fills his nose and mouth. NO! Kylo screams and a desperate explosion of Force energy bursts forth from his chest. It knocks both the General and the Captain back. Machinery shatters, smokes and cracks. Alarms go off and the lights burst overhead. The restraints around his chest and arms and legs disintegrate in the wake of the power and Kylo is left kneeling in the middle of the bed, his arms wrapped around himself as he screams. Get out of my head! Get out of my head! he sobs. The Force swirls around him, picking up anything that isnt bolted down. It is Phasma who recovers first and she makes her way to him, reaching out to him. She cuts through the chaotic Force storm, calm and centered. A rock in the center of the boiling river. Her arms wrap around Kylo, she presses serenity into his mind. As she does, she senses the cold tendrils that are latched onto the Knight. Taking a deep breath, Phasma holds him close and then cuts Kylo off from the Force entirely. The nullification effects of her powers are instantaneous. Shes never done something like this before. Never tried to purposefully cancel out the Force. But then she feels the tendrils twist and thrash about, disconnected from their host. Dying. There is a pressure on her skull and she grits her teeth, focusing on pushing her shield outwards. On making sure that her identity is not known. That the monster that is preying on her little brother cannot take root in her mind nor his. Hux is scrambling back onto the bed now, his green eyes wide, face paler than shes ever seen it. Phasma pushes the shield to include him too and they huddle there. Trembling and shaking. Until finally Kylo looks up at them. Its gone, he whispers. Quiet so quiet He cant reach out, cant sense anything. Phasma has saved him in the only way she could: by cutting him off from the Force. Kylo swallows heavily and raises haunted eyes to look at his friend and lover. That none of it happened? It is Hux who shakes his head, expression distraught. That means that  Kylo closes his eyes, trying to piece his mind back together. Starkiller Starkiller was real. The monster in the forest, he counts on his fingers. Was real. After that, after that though. My Master- he stops speaking and looks at Hux, horror filling him. After the monster on Starkiller had torn into him, hed been defenseless. Weak. His Master had pressed into his mind, weaving lies and manipulating his thoughts. He had seen everything. Every whispered word between Hux and Ren, every stolen kiss, every promise. Snoke knows . Oh- he makes a choked noise and pitches forward into the Generals arms. Hux catches him, almost knocked off the bed again from the Knights sudden motion. Hes going to kill us Fae! Hes- Hes- Shhh, I wont let him. No, you dont understand! He knows everything! About us, about your plan to kill him! He knows! Oh Maker! He knows! Kylo whimpers as the General holds him tightly. Hell kill us! Hell kill you ! This is all my fault! I should have just died! No! Hux shakes him slightly and forces Kylo to look up at him. No dont you ever say that! Dont you ever believe that! Not even for a second! hes breathing harshly, trembling and his eyes are red tinged from lack of sleep.  A rnsearc , listen to me. Itll be okay. I promise! Dont lie! How can this ever be okay? He was in my head Hux! He saw everything! He knows everything! Trust me, all right? Please? Hux sounds desperate, the exhaustion plain in his voice, his hands shake as he grips Kylo. The General looks at Phasma, blood is starting to drip from her nose. How long can you hold him off? As long as you need, she whispers through gritted teeth, brushing at her nose with the back of her hand. Hux looks back at Kylo, the Knight is gripping his hands tightly. Im sorry Hux. Im so sorry! I messed everything up! Shh, no you didnt, the General promises him. No you didnt Kylo. He sighs, hating to place this demand on the Knight right now. But you have to regain yourself. Can you do that? Can you find yourself again? Just once more. Just for a little longer, please, He cups Kylos face gently in one hand and the Knight whimpers, leaning into the touch. I I think so. Do what you need to, to get your defenses back in place. Phasma and I will be right here. Well keep you safe, Hux promises. I swear it Kylo. The Knight moans lowly, but nods. He wants to sleep, wants to rest. But Hux is right, they cant be undefended This is his Hux isnt it? Im right here a rnsearc , Hux murmurs to him, as if knowing that is what Kylo needed to hear. Real. This is real. His Hux will not harm him. Will not beat him and punish him. Will not violate him and then make sweet, empty promises. His Hux is good. His Hux is the man who wept after firing Starkiller. The man who held Kylo close when he screamed in terror at night. The one who whispers gentle promises to him in a language no one knows. Who has defied Snoke for him. Feidhelm, Kylo breathes. He closes his eyes and focuses then. On the warmth that radiates off the General, one the feeling of his hands holding Kylos face so very gently. On the dream of finding that garden. The real garden, the one that was green and filled with hope and laughter and joy. The ember in his chest flares to life and Kylo could weep in relief. That tiny spark that he thought had gone out, it surges forward, fed on desperate hope, on love . Feidhelm loves him. Phasma loves him. Dopheld and Ashara, they are safe. They are his family. His real family He shudders, pushing down the memory of his father. Of that terrible moment on the bridge. He will have to confront it at some point. But now he cannot. Not if he wants to survive. Just survive for now. That is what he has to do. He focuses on the two people who have their arms around him. He senses Phasma slowly lowering the barrier on their end. She creates a one way access point and Kylo reaches out into the Force, drawing it around them. Chapter 16 : It's All Over But The Crying Notes: Gentle reader, welcome to the 16th chapter of this humble fiction. Please bear in mind that the chapter contains the following disturbing themes: -death -suicide -vague Force visions I will also ask you to remember that there is one more chapter after this one. So please, as you read and weep, do not despair, for peace is hard won, but it is won in the end. To get it however, sometimes we must explore some of the infinite possibilities that exist. It is with great pride and a box of tissues, that I present you with chapter 16. Kylos eyes slowly open. Hux is lying next to him, eyes closed, breathing slow and deep as he sleeps, Millicent is curled against the General. The Knight lies there for several minutes slowly taking in his surroundings. Absorbing it all, reminding himself of where he is. They are on their way to meet his Master. He is on his way to die. Snoke will surely kill him. And if he does not then Snoke will twist and warp him into the state of madness that he had a year prior. He will surely not survive this trial. He cannot go back! Not to under Snokes thumb! He looks back at Hux. The General is exhausted, their defeat has been hard on him and given him little time to rest. Even more so since he has been caring for Kylo. He has personally been tending to the Knights recovery. There hasnt been a night that Kylo hasnt had a screaming nightmare or woken in tears, clinging to Hux and begging him not to hurt him. Not to take him back to Snoke. Kylo reaches a hand out and strokes his red hair back from his face. This is the last time hell see Hux. He wants to remember this moment. To remember how Hux had kissed him the night prior, how theyd simply just laid together, with such gentleness that it had made Kylo weep. He wants to hold on to this feeling of peace, if only for a few more seconds. I love you, he whispers to the sleeping man. He knows how this will end. He knows what his Master means when he has ordered Hux to bring Kylo to him in order to finish his training. Kylo closes his eyes against the horrors that flit through his mind. Trying to press down the Force visions and nightmares that have haunted him. Kylo will not come back from this, he realizes that. He realized it long ago, long before Han Solo met him on that bridge. He has outlived his usefulness. This is the end. But if he has anything to say about it, then Snoke will not come back from this confrontation either. That was what had woken him. His Master. They were still some distance away from the rendezvous point. Snoke would never be so foolish as to actually show the First Order where his citadel was. No, he had given them a meeting place. But it would seem as though that too had been a lie, because his Master is here on the ship with them. Kylo can sense the cloud of death and darkness leaking through the ship like radiation. Snoke is expecting him. Waiting for him. Perhaps he should be afraid. He has been for so much of his life. He has been terrified of what new punishment his Master will dream up for him. That his Master will hurt those he loves. But it was Kylo Ren who had been afraid. Kylo Ren who had been born Ben Solo, a boy with too large eyes and ears. A strange child drawn to darkness. An unwanted child who became a monster. And Kylo Ren had died on Starkiller base. He had died in that forest. Was slain by the scavenger girl and then devoured by the great chameleon Force beast that lived within that dark forest. The Master of the Knights of Ren was no more. Slowly the once-Knight stands. He is a leader no longer. He is an apprentice no longer. And he knows it. He is nothing. Not Ben Solo. Not Kylo Ren. He simply is . For the first time in his life, he finds that he is all right with this. He is just Kylo. Nothing more and nothing less. He feels strangely detached from everything, slowed, delayed. As if hes not really there in the moment but watching events unfold through a fogged glass. As if he is removed from his body and floating above it. Taking care not to wake his lover, he pulls on his robes. They are not the black robes from his time as a Knight, nor are they cream and light colors like the Jedi might have once worn. His fingers brush against the blood red silk of the robes Hux had made for him years ago. That was the hardest part, leaving Hux behind. But no. This is the right thing to do. The only thing to do. Kylo pulls on robes of dark browns and greens. Yes. This feels right, even if it hurts a little bit. He picks up his lightsaber from where it lies. It is heavily damaged, but will work well enough for what he needs to do. It will serve to end this. To bring a stop to it. All of it. No more nightmares. No more monsters. No more Kylo Ren could never have done this. Nor could Ben Solo. To a degree he is glad that his old selves are dead. Grateful even, that he is no longer a Knight. Just a tired monster. A monster who no longer had a mask to hide behind. What would the scavenger girl think of him now? Would she weigh him and find him a beast still? Probably. She would not be wrong. He spares one last look back at Hux and smiles at his sleeping form. Thank you, Feidhelm, for everything. I could not do this had it not been for you, he whispers in the quiet of the room. I love you. Take care of our family for me. He picks up the ring on his bedside table. The black ring with a streak of dark red maroon through the center of it. The rings for the union they will never be able to share. Kylo slides it onto his left ring finger. A monster in love. Laughable. A monster that longed to be human. Perhaps in the next life, Fate will be kinder to us, he kisses Hux once more and then Kylo leaves the room as the General slowly starts to stir. Good bye my General. --- He walks through the halls and does not see a single soul. Of course, anyone with any sense has fled. This will make things easier. His Master is waiting for him on the bridge of the Finalizer . Kylo stares at the withered old creature and for the first time ever, he is not afraid. He feels strangely calm and at peace as he regards the other being. Not cold, nor warm. The Force flows around him and washes over him as it never has before. It soothes him in a way that he didnt know it could. His heartbeat is steady in his chest and he does not drop his eyes as Snoke turns to face him. He does not cower in fear. He is at peace. Apprentice, Snoke regards him. Snoke has sensed the difference in the man before him. Whatever happened in that forest on Starkiller changed him. The man before him is calm, at ease and ready to face his destiny. This will not do. I am your Apprentice no longer, Kylo tells him, voice steady, if strained from his still healing wounds. You think you have surpassed me? Snoke sneers at him, tilting his head slightly. No this would not do at all. He needed the boy. Kylo Ren. The man who was before him was not Kylo Ren, nor Ben Solo. No, this was something new. Something that even Snoke had not foreseen. No, Kylo raises his chin. His voice does not tremble. Im simply not afraid of you. Not anymore. Therein lies your mistake, my boy, Snoke slowly approaches him. He had given his Apprentice too long of a leash. It was time to rein him in. He has let this go on for too long. Has let his Apprentice have too much autonomy. You forget all I have taught you. All I have done for you. Given to you. I can take it all away in an instant. You only ever gave me and everyone I loved pain and suffering. That ends here and now, Kylo does not flinch away from the thinly veiled threat. He doesnt snarl either though, he remains perfectly calm. Level like the surface of a still lake. Oh does it? Snoke chuckles. Did that scavenger damage your brain when she gave you that scar? Did you forget- No, Ive forgotten nothing. I remember everything. And you will not go after her, I wont allow it. I wont allow you to ruin more lives, Kylo presses the button on his lightsaber and it fritzes to life, he slides one leg out behind him, bracing himself. The scavenger girl is strong, she has a future. She has hope . It ends now. Here. It was a strange relief to say these words. Liberating even. He has been afraid for so long. Afraid and hurt and victimized. But no more. Whatever fear he had was left behind in that dark forest on Starkiller. Whatever control Snoke had over him was no more. It was as if he was finally awake . No more. He will not let it continue. He doesnt cringe when Snoke attacks, doesnt take the defensive. Kylo moves forward, but he is slow from his still healing wounds. Pain shoots through him. His side aches, almost causing him to double over. He must win this battle quickly: he does not have the stamina he normally would. The Force flows around them, giving them both strength as they trade blows. Snoke blocks his lightsaber attacks with waves of his hand, sending Force lightning at Kylo, who dances out of the way, twisting and lunging as he slashing at his Master. The control panels all around the bridge are destroyed as they dodge attacks from each other. It is as they come to the front of the bridge that Kylo sees exactly where they are. Just orbiting DQar. His heart stops and his movements falter. His mother is on that small green and blue planet. As much as he hates her, Kylo cannot wish her dead. Even after everything he has been through at her hands. He has to be better than her. He has to protect her from the monster he has sold his soul to. Snoke takes the opportunity and strikes, sending a blast of Force energy into Kylos lightsaber. The cracked kyber crystal powering his abused lightsaber cannot withstand the combined assault. It fritzes, going out entire and sparkling wildly before exploding in his hand. Kylo roars in pain, clutching his mangled limb and doubling over. Snoke moves in for the kill and Kylo jumps back, scrambling and losing his footing as he falls backwards into the command pit behind him. Snoke bares down on him and Kylo throws up his remaining hand, gathering the Force around him and sending the ancient being flying backwards and into the viewport. Scrambling and bleeding everywhere Kylo climbs out of the command pit and back to his feet. He is in pain. So much pain that it makes his vision fuzzy. But calm still. Unafraid. Even through his pain, he feels the Force wrap around him and embrace him. He knows what he has to do and calls upon the Force. Snoke lunges at him, hands clawed and Kylo knows he has only one chance at this. One shot. He braces himself and feels the Force take a physical form in his hand. Just like Shelish had taught him. It becomes a long, pointed blade of pure Force energy, resting upright in the palm of his hand. Kylo brings it up as Snoke closes in on him and at the last second slams the Force blade up under his Masters chin and through his throat. The tip of the blade breaks through the top of the ancient creatures skull. Snoke makes a choking noise, his eyes wide in surprise as black blood seeps from the entry and exit points of the blade.. Kylo blinks, not quite believing it and pulls his hand away, trembling. Had he really landed the strike? Snoke wobbles, staggers backwards and then his body collapses in on itself, turning to dust before Kylos very eyes. Not even bones remain, just dry rotted robes and dust. A spasm runs through Kylos body and pain shoots through his chest and he slowly sinks to his knees. Bright red blood is covering the floor. Where was the blood coming from? There is so much of it! As if someone has turned a faucet on full blast. He coughs and tastes blood in his mouth, feels it drip over his lips. KYLO! Huxs voice reaches his ears and then the General is pulling him into his arms. Fae, Kylo looks up at him a slow smile spreading over his face as he gazes up at his lover. Its over, he laughs softly, he feels disoriented, too hot and too cold all at once. MEDIC! Hux is screaming into his comm as he presses his hands against the hole in Kylos chest desperately trying to stop the bleeding. The size of the wound is massive, as if someone tried to put their fist through his chest. Kylo stares at the hole in his chest and reaches up to touch Huxs face. Fae, he whispers laughing softly. Its...its okay. Its okay. No! No Kylo, Hux is pressing his forehead against Kylos. No you dont get to die here! Not like this Kylo Ren! Not now! I wont let y- Feidhelm, Kylo strokes his face with a bloody hand. Its over, he cant stop smiling. Im free. We- he coughs and chokes on blood again. We-re free. Hux has tears pouring down his face and Kylo clumsily tries to wipe them away. It hurts to breathe. Its hard to do so. To keep his eyes open. Kylo please dont, Hux begs him. Feidhelm remember remember your promise? Remember the waterfall? Kylo- Please, Fae Im so tired. I dont want to die here. Youre not going to die! Kylo smiles at his lover tiredly. He loves Hux, loves him so much. Slowly he leans up and gently pressing his lips to the Generals one last time. --- General Organa theres a First Order shuttle entering the atmosphere! Have they communicated? No, radio silence. They arent coming for the base, they landing in the woods? By the falls. Leia Organa goes very still and then she feels it. The fragile hum of a life barely holding on. She knows. Ben. --- Hux kneels in front of him, Kylo is sitting, leaned back against a tree at the top of the majestic waterfall. It was just as beautiful as it had been in that Force vision almost a decade ago. Kylos hand clenches his tightly. Dont leave, Kylo says quietly. His breathing has gotten more and more labored. I wont. Mitaka, Phasma, are they safe? I have made arrangements. They will be safe. I promise, I looked after our family, Hux promises him. He blinks back tears, but its a useless gesture. They wont stop pouring down his face. He hasnt been able to stop them. Kylo? Hux whispers. Still here  Kylos voice sounds far away. Promise me something? Anything. Find me again? In our next lives? Ill tear the Galaxy apart looking for you! Ill find you! Itll be different! It wont end not like this, Hux chokes on his words. Well find the garden, and itll be better! I promise! he pulls his gloves off and holds Kylos hand in both of his. I love you, the General whispers, his own union ring, the one that matches Kylos, a stark, dark contrast against his skin. I I know you do, Kylo breathes out slowly. The garden that that would be nice. Hux stays with him, watching his breaths get shallower and shallower. Watching the ground beneath the Knight turn red with blood. Slowly Kylos grip on his hand loosens and the Kylos lips move one last time. I  love you, he whispers and his eyes slide closed, his head tipping forward onto his chest. It almost looks like hes sleeping. Hux hangs his head then, struggling to contain the sobs that want to break free from his chest. His entire body trembling. Behind him, hed dimly aware of the sound of vehicles, of soldiers and guns converging on their location. People shouting. Slowly Hux stands, unholstering his blaster from his hip and gripping it tightly. Dont move! someone is shouting at him. General Hux, you are under arrest for war crimes- Hux doesnt bother to look up, he simply points the blaster in the direction of the speaker and fires. There is the sound of someone crying out and dying and every blaster cocks and points at him. Where is Kylo Ren? A womans voice reaches him and Hux grits his teeth. He turns then and looks up into the eyes of Leia Organa. Hux stares at her, and she at him. He feels his hatred for the woman burn hot inside his chest and he grits his teeth. Slowly he feels her reaching out with the Force and pressing against his mind and thoughts. Her Force touch is different than her sons, and Hux doesnt fight her. He lets her see whatever she desires. After all he has nothing to bother hiding anymore. A long tense moment passes and he sees understanding flood her. Sees her expression shift a multitude of times as she silently sifts through his memories. Good. Let her see. Let her know the pain she has caused Kylo. Let her see that Hux had loved the broken man with all his being. Let her know everything . Then Hux, with tears streaming down his face raises his blaster to point it at her. He knows Kylo still loved his mother, that he could never wish her dead. Despite all the pain she had caused him, despite how time and time again she had failed him. Despite the outright torture he had suffered at her hands. That he has fought her and screamed his hatred at her. And yet, all he has ever wanted is her love and acceptance. How many times had the Knight wept over it? How many times had Kylo bemoaned the pain it caused it. The physical agony of it. Hell, Ren had kept the Resistance base on DQar a secret from him for nearly a decade. If that didnt speak volumes to the mans illogical love and craving for familial affections, then Hux didnt know what did. But he did know that killing Organa wouldnt do any good. It would gain them nothing. That isnt Huxs endgame anyway. Not his goal. All he wants to do is rest. To be with his lover. He is tired of the war. Of the pain. And without Kylo by his side, he feels the fight go out of him. The hopelessness of it all flood him. Hux is tired. He just wants to rest... The Resistance soldiers react instantly to him raising his blaster. They are a poorly disciplined lot, prone to hyper vigilance, something Hux was counting on. They open fire on him and the first bolt hits Huxs body and he staggers backwards. Another shot lands and he falls back, his blaster flying from his hand. A third bolt and he loses track of them. Loses track of everything as his world goes black, his heart stops and the last thing he sees as his body hits the ground, is Kylo, leaned against the tree. Looking more at peace then Hux can ever remember seeing him. And then Feidhelm Hux, General of the First Order, closes his eyes and dies. --- Death, he notes, isnt at all what he thought it would be. Its very dark. No hellfire. No elevator music. Strangely unitimidating. But so, so lonely. He feels a warm hand close over his and sees Kylo standing next to him, clasping his hand tightly. Dont be afraid, Fae, Kylo tells him, smiling kindly, just as Hux always remembered him doing. I wont ever let the Darkness harm you. Im not afraid. I  I just dont want to be alone, Hux explains, he takes a step closer to Kylo. The other man is warm and that comforts Hux a little bit. It death it seems, that Kylo had finally found his peace. Hux loves him a little bit more for it. You wont be. Neither of us will be. Ever again, Kylo leans down and presses a kiss to his lips. Chapter 17 : Run Run Baby Notes: Gentle Reader, welcome to the final chapter of this fiction. I would like to humbly thank you for taking this journey with me. Your support over the past months has meant the world to me as I have started writing again. It has been an exhausting, yet liberating process. One that has produced some of the most unique discussions, reflections and considerations. We may not have always seen eye to eye on matters, but I hope that this fiction, despite its distressing moments, in the end, will leave you with a feeling of hope. This has become more than I ever could have hoped for. So thank you, from the bottom of my heart. I love all of you. Please be well, be patient, kind and good to yourselves. For our real journey is just beginning. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Huxs eyes open. He stares at the ceiling, his vision blurring. Crying. Hes crying. He sits up, taking inventory of himself and his senses. He looks at Kylo, asleep next to him, Millicent curled up in his arms. Theyre safe. Theyre both safe. Theyre in Huxs quarters on the Finalizer . It has been a little over a month since Starkiller was destroyed. Kylos wounds are nearly healed. The scarring is terrible, and the Knight wont look at himself in the mirror. He wont leave Huxs quarters since hed gotten released from the medical bay. Hes almost stopped talking entirely and spends most of his time sleeping and screaming as nightmares plague him. This dream was it a dream? A vision? Had Huxs own mind created all that? Or had part of Kylos dreams leaked over into his own mind? That had been happening a lot lately: Kylo had been projecting his dreams, screaming in his sleep, waking in tears. Something terrible had happened in that forest on Starkiller. Something had changed. In those few minutes between the scavenger cutting Ren down and Hux reaching him the Knight of Ren had died. Kylo Ren had been screaming when Hux had reached him. His body twisting and thrashing in the snow, as something was ripping into him, his eyes wide in terror. It had been almost impossible to get him onto the stretcher, they had to restrain him and sedate him, even then he wailed and moaned like something inhuman. As they had hastily retreated, Hux had scanned the dark forest around them, searching for what manner of beast had been attacking the Knight. Nothing had revealed itself to him but as he had turned on his heel to go back to the shuttle, as Starkiller collapsed on his heels, something had reached out. Touched him. Hux had felt his heart stop in that moment. Time had stood still and never before had the General felt so cold. Then it was over, as quickly as it had happened. Kylo wouldnt talk about it, couldnt talk about it. No matter how many times Hux tried to coax it out of him. No matter how gently the General had spoken and how much he had reassured him. It killed me, Kylo would whisper softly. It killed me, he started to rock back and forth. Im dead. Dead! Theres nothing left! It devoured me! It slew me and Snoke will finish the job! That was as close to an answer as Hux could get from him. Then in the next moment Kylo would look at him anxiously. The girl? Did she escape? I dont know. I was more concerned with getting you to safety, Hux admit quietly. Why? Monsters, Kylo murmured, clutching his head. Monsters in the forest! He had started rocking again, and Hux hugged him close to his chest, gently running a hand down his back to try and soothe him. Monsters that are hungry. They will devour Devour. Shhh, they cant hurt you now. Youre safe here, Hux told him, kissing his temple and hugging him a bit tighter. There are no monsters here. Youre safe here, I promise. Kylo moaned and shook his head. No one is safe! No no the Void Snoke hes coming. No, no, no he whimpered. The nightmares had only gotten worse. Then, with small terror, they both had realized that it wasnt just the monsters from the forest that haunted Kylo. Snoke had been pressing into the Knights mind and in his weakened state, twisting and distorting things, playing with his memories. It took more and more effort for Kylo to break free from his hold. To regain his sense of self. It would take both time and distance to help Kylo rebuild himself from the battle on Starkiller and from whatever manner of unseen beast had attacked him in the forest. To strengthen himself. Theyre currently three weeks out from Snokes rendezvous point. There isnt enough time! Anxiety seizes the General and he shivers. His plan had failed. His grand plan to take out one enemy after the other. Like a stack of dominos. All his work, all those years of turmoil and plotting. All those sleepless nights spent wracked with guilt and worry. He had committed so many atrocities, all so he could change things, so he could make the Galaxy a better place. So he could protect Kylo. And all of it had gone down the drain. But he has one card left. One last contingency. One last shred of hope. He looks over at Kylo, watching the other man sleep, weighing their odds. Kylo had insisted he was no longer a Knight. That he was now just Kylo, there was no Ren. That person had died in the forest, struck down and devoured. Just as Ben Solo had been slain by Snokes apprentice. It is all riddles and half truths and an unhealthy dose of dissociation that worries Hux more than he cares to admit. Hux knows that one or both of them may die when they stand before Snoke next. Kylo knows it too. Snoke knows . Has known . For all Huxs efforts to plot and scheme, Snoke has known all along. Has used them to further his own ends. It is terrifyingly humbling for the General, and has proven to be a nearly fatal mistake. How arrogant of him, thinking that he could outwit a being like Snoke. And yet, Hux has hope. Wild and insane hope. There are no other options. No other roads to take. Nowhere else to go and no one else to turn to. No one would even consider him capable of what he is about to do. Do they even stand a chance? He sits there in the dim light of his quarters, debating with himself. Worrying. A thousand things can go wrong if they do this. But then again, if they dont, will they even survive what is to come? There is no salvation left for him, not after what he has done. The General has come to terms with that. That there is no penance he can do for the taking of millions, if not billions, of lives. But there is still hope for Kylo. Even if this gets Hux killed, even if it means that he dies in the end. If there is even a fraction of chance that Kylo can find peace, then he will not hesitate to try. To free at least one of them from this nightmare. --- Finally Hux gets out of the bed. He has to move quickly. Once he has things in motion there will be no coming back. He looks at the still sleeping Knight. Whatever transpired on Starkiller between him and the scavenger girl in those woods had left him shaken to his already unstable core. Hux aches for him and then, he knows in that moment, that this is the right choice. The right time. If they wait any longer, Snoke will find out about this last contingency. Delay means death. Hux looks down at the black and red band on his left ring finger. Hed promised Ren years ago that he loved him, that he would protect him. It is clear now that he cant do that through the First Order. Not anymore. Nodding to himself, Hux gets to work. --- Someone is shaking him. Kylo moans and tries to burrow deeper into the layers of blankets. He doesnt want to open his eyes. He doesnt want to know what sort of new mind game Snoke is trying to play with him. He just wants to rest Why cant they just leave him alone? Kylo, Huxs voice reaches him, quiet and gentle. Kylo tenses. Not another vision with Hux in it! Another terrifyingly real nightmare where Hux is hateful and cruel and breaks him. Where Hux is striking him over and over again only to reel him back in with soft touches and the promise of love, of affection. A carrot and stick. Small treats and great pains. Hux hurts him. Hux is bad. No matter how sweet his words. Kylo can only trust his Master. Snoke knows what is best, he always has. Snoke knows . The former-Knight whimpers. He cant handle more of these dreams! They twist and tear at what is left of his fragile grasp of reality. Hux loves him! His Feidhelm would not do this, he tries to tell himself. His General is kind, and good! Hux would never do this! Desperately, he curls in on himself. Its a trap! Not again! He wont fall for it again! But he always does. Starved for touch. For affection. He wants Huxs affection. He needs the soft words and touches, he needs to know that hes not a monster. Or if he is, then at least he isnt alone in his own horror. Snoke knows this. Snoke preys upon it. Over and over again.  A rnsearc , Hux pleads with him softly. It is that word that makes Kylo peek up at him, holding his breath. The Hux in his terrifying dreams and visions never uses that term of endearment. Snoke cant recreate it, no matter how hard he tries. He cant conceive the notion of love. He cant replicate Huxs painful history, nor what is in his heart. Kylos worn out mind seizes upon this as he gazes up at Hux. Feidhelm? he whispers. Kylo feels wrung out, worn thin. His skin crawls constantly, the only thing that soothes him is when Hux touches him and whispers reassurances in his ear. When Hux murmurs in the lost language of his homeworld.  A rn mo chro , Hux murmurs to him, pressing a kiss to his forehead. Kylo feels wild hope rise up in his chest. His Hux! This is real! Kylo could weep! He uncurls from the tight ball hed twisted himself into and latches onto the General, pressing his face against the slighter mans chest and breathing his scent in. Fae, he whispers as he trembles and shakes. My Feidhelm. Shh, Hux holds him closely as Kylo rubs his face against the Generals shirt making soft noises. Shh, Kylo, a rnsearc , its okay. Im here. Im real. Hes killing me Fae, Kylo whispers. Hes killing me! I-I dont want to go back! Please dont make me go back! He knows it is fruitless. He knows that they have to obey. That theyre trapped. Trapped as the walls close in and the water rises. Kylo feels like he cant breathe and he clutches tightly to Hux. Hes going to die this time. They both will. Kylo, Hux murmurs quietly to him. He pulls back a bit, a gentle hand taking Kylos face by his chin and raising his head up so their eyes meet. His voice is quiet, but firm, his expression deadly serious. Lets get you dressed. Kylo makes a broken noise, fear flooding him. Fae please! Please dont make me- Is this a trap after all? Another trick? Has Snoke finally buried that poisonous seed deep inside his subconsciousness? Kylo feels sick to his stomach despite not having eaten. His hands clutch at Huxs shoulders with bruising force. The General puts a finger to Kylos lips, shushing his protests. Kylo watches him with wide, terrified eyes, heart racing in his chest. Hux looks pale, as if hes not slept. Had the General not been sleeping? Kylo cant remember, hes barely been able to recollect if he himself has eaten or not, nor what day it is. Worry and concern flood Kylo, Hux looks almost sick . And hes shaking. How could Kylo not have noticed? Fae? Kylo whispers against the finger pressed to his lips. Hux takes a deep breath and slowly lets it out. It is then that Kylo notices that Millicent is nowhere to be seen and the General is not in his uniform. Hes not in military fatigues either. Kylo stares at him. Is Hux in civilian clothing? Run away with me? Hux asks quietly, his expression terrified and hopeful all at once as his hands move to grasp Kylos. What? Kylo cant process what hes being told. Run away? Where? How? A million questions flood his mind. What about the Order? What about Huxs plans? Run away with me. Let me, Hux swallows heavily. Let me protect you. Let me fulfill that promise that I made to you when I gave you this ring, his fingers trace over the union ring on Kylos left ring finger. B-But the Order! The others! Kylo protests, even as he clutches Huxs hands, heart racing wildly. I have made plans. I have things in place. They will be protected. Safe, Hux reassures him, he reaches out and brushes Kylos hair back from his face. Kylo this is our last chance. If we leave now, if we run Just like we talked about all those years ago. Where would we go? Kylo whispers, his throat tight. I have places in mind. I have supplies, everything is packed, Hux looks at him. He failed to protect Kylo with the Order. This is the last contingency. The one Snoke doesnt know about. The reason Hux had asked Kylo to teach him how to pilot Salvaged Hope . Guilt weighs down on Hux, even though he has done all he can for their friends, leaving is bittersweet. But he dare not ask their small family to abandon the First Order. That is a sacrifice he could never ask them to make. He is not so arrogant and self-centered to ask them to leave their home and all they know. They will do well within the Order. He has seen to it. He just wants to save Kylo. He has to! Please Kylo? Please trust me? One last time? Hux begs him. Kylo stares at him and closes his eyes. He focuses on his breathing, his hands gripping Huxs tightly. Tentatively he reaches out into the Force Warmth floods him and he gasps softly. Suddenly he can smell the flowers again, feels the sunlight on his face. The sound of laughter. The garden. A new life. Hope . He swallows heavily and then slowly pulls away from the flow of the Force and opens his eyes, gazing at Hux. The General has tears in his eyes. Had he projected onto Hux as well? Kylo exhales heavily and nods. I trust you. Did-did you feel it too? Hux nods, blinking rapidly and Kylo hugs him tightly, a small cry leaving his lips as he holds tight to the one person in the Galaxy who he would destroy armies for. --- Never has Kylo run so fast in his life. Hes dressed now and a few last things from Huxs quarters have been shoved into messenger bags and Hux- no Feidhelm, is clasping his hand tightly as they race down the hall. The security cameras are on loop and they are running through back halls to avoid the few personnel currently on duty, their flight is entirely unseen. The redhead is giving it all up. Leaving it all behind. His fathers name included. If Kylo has no surname then he doesnt need one either. Doesnt want to be associated with that terrible man. Perhaps it is the redheads what of distancing himself from his time as General. A sort of personal symbolism, Kylo does not know. The man fleeing with the former General is no Sith. No Jedi, either. Just Kylo. Perhaps theyre both just running from the inevitable. Running from their multitude of sins. Fleeing and hoping beyond hope that they can have a few last moments together before the consequences of their actions catch up with them. Before the Galaxy extracts its own brand of justice and karma circles round again. But for now, they run. They climb aboard Salvaged Hope , tripping over each other in their fearful excitement and find Millicent sitting in the co-pilots seat, looking up at them expectantly as if to ask what took you so long?. --- The small shuttle leaves the Finalizer and then blinks out of sight, taking to lightspeed before it can show up on the scans. Onboard the Star Destroyer, Phasmas datapad blinks in the darkness of her room, indicating that she has received a video message. In Mitaka and Asharas quarters, the Lieutenants does the same. The security cameras fall back to their regular recording. It will be at least four hours before the Generals absence is noticed. Three more after that before it becomes a concern. --- Sitting in his citadel, Snoke reaches out through the Force, searching for his Apprentice. He is greeted by a frigged wall of blinding white light that repels him. Frowning, he tries again. Only to be met with the same resistance as he turns his mind and intentions to his student. Rage fills the ancient monster. His Apprentice is not only blocking him, but using the Light Side of the Force with astounding dexterity. How was this possible? Kylo Ren had barely been able to remember his own name! Snoke had broken him, crushed him down into the dust that he would use to season his meal with. Purged him of his Light. How could Kylo Ren be blocking him? With mounting frustration, he tries a third time to reach out, to rip into the minds of those associated with Kylo Ren. He finds nothing. For Kylo Ren is dead. Dead men have no associates. NO! he roars, his rage echoing off the high walls of the citadel and out into the wasteland that surrounds it. --- Kylo looks back at his lover. At the redhead sitting in the seat next to him, clutching the orange cat in his lap. Their hearts are racing, theyre both shaking. Theyll be in lightspeed for a few hours. They have time to come to terms with the magnitude of what theyve just done. No going back. Slowly, Kylo stands, and Feidhelm does as well, setting Millicent on the floor of the ship. The two men regard each other. Then slowly, Feidhelm reaches out and takes Kylos hand, holding it tightly. No words are said right now. What theyve done is bigger than could be put into words.They have a future. One that doesnt involve the Order or the Resistance. One that doesnt rely on the graces of politics or tactics. Most importantly though, they have hope. It is Kylo who moves first, pressing his lips against the redheads and drawing him close. Kissing him for all hes worth. Outside the viewport the stars blur by and Kylo does not let his lover go for a very, very long time. They end up curl up on the floor of the cockpit, a blanket wrapped around them. Too nervous to go to one of the small bedrooms in the back. Too afraid to wake up and have this all be a dream. Feidhelm produces a small package of fruit from his satchel. Its one of the few luxuries he had secured for their flight, along with fuel, clothing, personal affects and nutrition supplements. He has been planning this for years after all and he is nothing, if not thorough. Slowly, he feeds the fruit to Kylo as Millicent crawls into their laps and purrs. Where are we headed first? Kylo asks him, nuzzling against Feidhelms neck. I thought it would be good to see some green again. There is a forest planet, sparsely populated, I thought it would be a good place for us to get our bearings, he explains to Kylo. The rest? he shrugs. I have ideas, but nothing concrete, I was worried about Snoke picking up on it. Who knows perhaps well see a space dragon? the redhead laughs softly. Space dragons dont exist. They were myths. Legends. Impossibilities. Perhaps we will, Kylo murmurs wistfully. Then, for the first time since Jakku, Kylo smiles at his lover and Feidhelm feels his heart skip a beat. Yeah, he smiles back at the Force-user. Perhaps we will. --- Their tiny shuttle screams through space. As it does a tall, pale skinned creature wakes. It doesnt see them so much as it senses them. Long, gaunt limbs unfolded. A head of shock white hair rises, hollow eyes glow in the dark, cold depths of space. Three taloned hands opened. A Force-user. A strong Force-user. Hate. Hate. Hate. HATE. Kill it! Kill it! Devour it! Crush it! A fanged mouth opened and it emitted an ear splitting screech. The sound did not travel in the vacuum of space, not in a conventional manner at least. It telegraphed out to all that were nearby. It would take time to catch up. To reach its prey. Days. Weeks perhaps. But it had the scent and the scent was strong. Then, the starweird gave chase. --- Leia straightened suddenly. She could have sworn No. No it was nothing. But for a second there for just the briefest of moments, she was certain she had felt something ripple through the Force. Something strangely like hope . Like a joy so powerful it could not be contained. Finn looked at her. General Organa? he asked, clearly sensing her distress. He wasnt as strong in the Force as Rey was, but he was undeniably aware of it. Its nothing, Finn, she smiled at him. Dont worry. She looked back at her charts and maps. Back at the battle plans. The war isnt over yet. They have to put a stop to the First Order once and for all. --- Phasma stares at the video that has just finished playing on her datapad. Then shes leaping out of her bed and hastily pulling clothes on. Shes barely dressed when there is an urgent pounding at her door. When she opens it, Mitaka is standing there, Ashara at his side, both wide eyed and pale. What do we do? he whispers. The Captain steps back and lets them into her quarters. As the door slides shut behind her she locks it and faces them. We do what he told us to. We fight. We stay alive. We look out for each other. This was his choice. Their choice, we have to respect that. But they LEFT! Mitaka protests, almost in a panic. Ashara puts a hand on his arm and hums softly in an effort to comfort him. They abandoned- They trusted us, Phasma talks over the Lieutenant. Hux did was he thought was right for Kylo. Now we have to do the right thing too. We have to trust him. We owe him that much. We owe both of them that much. Slowly Mitaka nods, swallowing heavily. But how ? Youre the one who just got promoted to Lieutenant Colonel, now arent you? I suggest we start coming up with ideas and quickly, Phasma gave him a grin as Ashara nodded in her agreement. Can you sense them, Lady Ashara? The Togruta, straightened slightly, closing her eyes and letting her hands float at her sides. She was still for a moment. Then she smiled. Theyre safe. Warmth. Light but her brow knitted. Darkness is following them she shook her head and opened her eyes. I cant sense more than that. Phasma nodded. Then weve no time to lose. Notes: Information on the starweirds can be found here WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE? At this point there are two paths you can take. You can leave the fiction here, as it is. With that feeling of vague hope clutched tightly to your chest. Or you can continue to follow the series and the adventures that will follow Kylo and Fae. The Galaxy is a big place, and lots of trouble awaits them. I will be liberally reaching into the Legends/EU territory of Star Wars and the tone of the next story will be dramatically different, and of course, veer dramatically away from anything that will ever resemble the canon events we will eventually get to see in cinemas. But that is why this is fanfiction after all! That is the beauty of it. I will start releasing the second instalment in this series, "Balance Lost", in early 2017. Until then I am taking some time off to tend to things in my personal life and create a little piece of Darkpilot/Knightpilot/Kypoe fiction as a gift for my very dear friend astropixie , who does some really amazing and uplifting work. I will also be attempting to finish "Pancakes and Puppy Love". In 2017 I will begin the adventure of attempting to finish my Bachelor's degree. That being said, it is my hope that I will be able to return to the 1-2 updates a month pattern and that I will find some sort of chill in the length of the chapters. I do not know how long "Balance Lost" will be, but I do know all the plot points happening in it. With school and having to pay out of pocket for it, and continuing to work full time, I must put that as my primary goal. Which may mean that some months may only have a single update and it may be shorter than what you have become accustom to seeing with BoP. I want this to remain an enjoyable process for me, the second it becomes "work" the magic dies. I want you all to enjoy it as well. This story is not short and I want it to be told well. I ask for your understanding in the following year as we move forward. I again, thank all of you for your support and your kind words. I thank you for your discussions and feedback and reflections. For you fan art and kudos and endless patience as I have floundered my way through this creative process. If you would like to interact with me outside of ao3, you can find me on instagram under the monkier: "thecraftycodingfangirl". I post word counts, make up, my cats and my other misadventures and sometimes snippets from upcoming chapters or my other WIPs. Or, if you are one of my beloved "ghost" readers, I would love to hear from you here on ao3, or on ig, to know how the story impacted you as you went on this journey with me. Conversations are always welcomed <3 Thank you all for such an amazing year! I hope to see you all again in 2017! Chapter 18 : Author's Note Summary: A message from the author. I'm gonna level with you for a little bit. Sentiment and sobbing ahead. Those of you who have followed me since the start of this journey know how much writing this story has taken out of me. Some of you better than others. And while I treasured every moment of writing this adventure, when I am faced with the remaining two stories I have planned, I feel crushed under their weight. When I finished this fic in October/November of 2016, I was exhausted on so many levels. I have been dealing with a plethora of things in my personal life over the past several months and to be honest, I never really took the break I meant to. I find myself continually exhausted both mentally and emotionally. As I have discussed with some of you, the current fandom atmosphere is tense at best, rabidly hostile at worst, and I find that draining. Even though I avoid tumblr as best I can, the trickle down is very real and I feel it very strongly. Ironically I suppose, I wrote Balance of Power to explore the depth that Hux and Ren would go to and in the end wanted to bring about a sense of hope for those who connected with the villains. To inspire empathy, even if my version of Hux is extremely far off the reservation, even if the Kylo Ren I see and empathize with is coded as mentally ill. To show, in my own bizarre way, my own recovery, my own way of saying "love wins". Nothing in this fiction has been written carelessly or without a real life parallel. Cause sometimes the victory isn't flawless, sometimes it just scrapes by and you spend the rest of your live putting the pieces back together and if you're exceptionally lucky, you don't have to do it alone. I look at Balance Lost, I look at The Grey School and while I can have the plot points outlined all day, I simply don't have the strength to write them. Good things happen in them. Terrible things happen in them. Eventually, in the end there is peace. But I lack the strength and resolve to face what will bring the characters to those points. Simply, I'm tired of being sad. I'm tired of the background radiation of a very vocal and toxic portion of the fandom. I'm tired of feeling like I should "punish" characters for their misdeeds and that by doing so is the only way I can allow them even a tiny amount of happiness. And it is in that reflection that I realized I treat myself the same way. Fucked up as that is. Some of you may have seen that I'm exploring Knigthpilot/Darkpilot and after I finished Pained, that project too is being put on hold. While I may finish the series eventually, I cannot say that I feel the same for this story. I had plans, so many plans! There was so much I wanted to do and say. But I also want to move beyond this. A second has not gone by that I've not thought about this story and its planned sequels and as hard of a decision as it is, I'm making the call to NOT continue the story. For the sake of my own mental and emotional health and my own recovery. I'm going to leave things as they are, hopeful. That being said, I want to bring closure to a few plot points I had left open to be filled in Balance Lost and The Grey School. The green kyber crystal would eventually go to a young Twi'Lek girl by the name of Teeubo that Hux and Kylo rescue from slavery during their travels. She is mute due to her vocal cords having been removed and communicates by sign language, which both Hux and Kylo learn. She is also highly Force-sensitive. You can see my aesthetic for her here . Hux gets to return, however briefly, to his homeworld and visit his mother's grave. The unnamed Force ghost looking after Hux and Kylo was Anakin Skywalker. Mitaka and Ashara's child is a boy, who is named "Arete Finngal Mitaka". The name was lovingly crafted by the very amazing KaiserPhoenix Ashara eventually crafts her own lightsaber with a golden blade. The item that Shelish buried by the gate outside of Snoke's citadel is an ancient holocron. Hux loses his two fingers like Kylo's Force vision foretells, when he is captured by the Resistance and tortured by Caluan Ematt. The the garden from Kylo's Force visions is on an obscure planet in the Outer Rim. It is where he, Hux and their allies found The Grey School. Once more I want to thank you all who have come on this journey with me. I wish I could have done more, I'm sorry this is all I have to give. I hope with all my heart that you are well. That you are safe and loved. I hope that you know just how very important all of your support has been to me. I cannot thank you enough for giving me the inspiration and strength to write this story. And remember, always have hope . ~crafty