Standing around in this room, was not fun, Hux decided. Phasma was meant to be back from her mission twenty minutes ago, he mused, back aching from standing to order for so long. He and Ren were standing stock still, surrounded by her troops, waiting for her orders. The room was tense, Hux could see how tight Ren’s shoulders were, how rigid his back was – how he was standing in army stance. He was still riled from his meeting with Snoke that morning, and Hux could only guess what had been said, what Ren was trying to deal with. He sighed softly, and he noticed a Stormtrooper out of the corner of his eye. He glanced at Hux and he returned a fiery gaze. The trooper turned away. Feeling animalistic there, General? Hux turned his head ever so slightly to watch Ren. Something of the sort... something on your mind, my Lord? My Lord this morning? My, my. I must say I do prefer it when you scream for your Knight. A fierce blush covered Hux’s cheeks and he mentally glared. Can we keep personal business away from First Order business? As you wish. Hux could feel eyes on him, could feel the Stormtroopers staring at the colouring on his cheeks. Oh, he was getting Ren back for this – he could feel his reputation sink slightly. Ren, have I told you how glorious you look in the mornings? Ren’s eyes narrowed slightly before they opened, and Hux had to force his smirk away. What did you just say, my dear General? Oh but my lord, Hux pressed the image of Kylo in the mornings, stretching out like a cat, his black bed hair a dark comparison to Hux’s white pillows. You look so sweet, so... serene. A soft blush spread over Kylo’s face and he cleared his throat, standing up straighter. What are you trying to achieve? Then again, there’s also the times you come out of the shower. Hux gave himself a small smile as he remembered Kylo coming out the shower that morning, wrapped in a too-big towel, his hair stuck to his forehead, pale skin flushed – that was one image that was pushed away by both men. My dear general. Ren, you’re gorgeous, you’re serene – I dare say that you’re an angel... my angel. I wish I got to see that side of you more... I dare say I request that I see that side of you more. A dark blush covered Kylo’s face and Hux smirked ever so slightly. Hux... “I trust there is a good reason you’re face is so flushed, Ren.” Asshole . “I just find it to be quite warm, Supreme Leader.” The images of Hux being spanked, or whipped, filtered into his mind, and Hux had to bite on his lip. Now who’s being the asshole . He got himself a glare from the corner of Kylo’s eye. Now this , this was fun. Notes: Would you consider writing about Hux wooing Ren in public and basically making Ren all blushy and embarrassed? I most certainly would, although it's not exactly what you requested, anon. Hope you enjoy it! Come request at me: i-look-so-good-in-blue.tumblr.com Requesting Guidelines Tumblr tag: kylo hux ao3 Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 14 of the You Touched Me, and Suddenly, I was a Lilac Sky series Next Work →