The Leading Man Under the sunny Californian sky, the whole city was swarming activities of all kinds. Nothing to write home about, that WAS Los Angeles as known as the city of angels. Walking through the city’s streets in one of the fanciest neighbourhoods in town famously known as Beverly Hills or The Hills. Poe Dameron, the current greatest leading man that Hollywood has ever known was ready to get out of bed. A busy day ahead was coming and his agent Veronica Hemsworth was at his villa to brief him about. As a very busy man, Poe had to fill his duties up regardless of whatever he was doing. The only reminder here could be his job. He was actually a successful actor in the industry. Using words to describe the talent should be forbidden. One could just admire in silence. As a matter of fact, Hollywood gave him a cute nickname the Chameleon leading man . What made him smile a lot, from time to time. Today an important interview led by a well-renowned journalist called Marissa Walsh will take place to promote his new film A Star In The Galaxy . Yawning and picking his IPhone up, Poe checked his latest messages out. The first one came from one of his good friends. He invited him to a break lunch later in the day. Unfortunately, he would probably not be able to make it because he did not know how much time the morning work would take him, but once again it was just another regular day in the life of the Chameleon. Some sunrays threatened to get through the large windows of the bedroom. In fact, Poe’s house or more precisely villa was not at all a basic place. Everything in was huge: the bed, the windows, the armchair, the TV set, the dressing room etc. He lived the dream life for sure. One needn’t be a thinker to know that right. Before stopping being motionless, he put Marc Anthony’s song Vivir Mi Vida on. Indeed, the latter was proud to be American but couldn’t resist the urge to listen his roots. Nevertheless, things had to be said. He didn’t steal his success, he earned it in the right way. His success didn’t take place overnight, he has been working so hard for the last decade and today the reward even turned to be more meaningful than expected. Every studio in Hollywood fought to have him or wanted a bit part of him. Yes, Poe Dameron was more like a cake right know and that one had a big price. If one wanted him, the proposal had better be important. Moreover, his team always tried to snatch the best bargain possible. He turned to be a Million Dollar Baby . Now, he was surely the most demanded actor in the game. His relatives couldn’t be less proud of him. All the gift, the money, the luxury life that came to him was deserving and the man knew it. Yes sweetheart… One hour and half later, Poe was finally ready to go down the stairs. The least to say, he was gorgeous but that morning he wore a simple blue shirt opened up till the second button with a beige chino pant. He didn’t like wearing that much black clothes while being hot. The black hair, very neat and half wet made him even more gorgeous. His fans fancied a lot that. Through his whole career, Poe has changed a countless time his hairstyle for the needs of several films. Even himself, he didn’t remember the right number. * Going down the stairs, someone called him out. Then, he raised up right away his head. “Hey Poe, how are you doing today?” asked his agent. “Good! I guess…” said he. “You’d better be, ‘cause you have a long day but a very long one today” stated she, a bit the mocking tone. “It’s that part of my job that stressed me out sometimes but anyway, I think you sent me a reminder about some interview with the Queen of the Queens on TV, right?!” asked he, to be sure of that fact. “Yes sir! She’s eager to talk to you. She has even sent me a message to tell me she was already in the studio waiting for us.” Then, Poe sighed. “She so fucking early… What a summer time sadness” “You’re using Lana Del Rey’s song just to say that her life must be so annoying?” “Actually, I should say winter time sadness. Waking up so early must be so difficult.” “Mind you a recall?!” demanded his agent, raising her eyebrow. “You’re an actor and sometimes you have to wake up that early so I’m wondering what life is the saddest one.” “Not mine! Actually I love what I do. Sometimes, when she interviews people she always acts as if she had no one in her life asking some weird questions that even a teenager wouldn’t do” “Ouch! You’re being rude.” “Not really! But I don’t like her that much anyway…” added he, to close the talk. “She’s a journalist actually and this is her job to do that” replied back Veronica, the teasing tone. “By the way you’re good-looking today” “Only today?” pretended he to be outraged. “Always… Champion”. He gave her his brightest smile and they headed outside. During the drive, he watched the news on his smartphone and noticed some link to one of Kylo Ren’s interview. He was one of the most respectable journalist across the country and came from a very rich family. His mother, Lady Organa - indeed she was part of British heritage – was the senator of New York. And his father, Han Solo, the media mogul, that everybody was afraid ran the biggest magazines in the US. Some people said Kylo has not done anything to deserve such a privilege but the truth was somewhere else. He earned his place as a regular in the journalism crowd through hard work. It was not because he found himself being the son of Han Solo that he had everything he wanted in life without any efforts. Kylo was a journalist specialized on news and politics but interviewed the greatest personalities around the country and even in the world from time to time via his TV show 60 Minutes with Kylo Ren. Through his career, he has interviewed so many politicians, sportsmen, singers and of course the most famous Hollywood Stars and even interviewed his own mother during an emotional statement when she has been elected Senator. He was close to her. When he had time, he always ate with over a lunch break. Every two months, the whole family headed to the Hamptons in their luxury vacation home. His life was perfect but with one exception: his love life. Kylo was a tall man with mi-long dark hair. It gave him an incredible look. His fans – of course he had some - was fond of it. The texture looked like silk that is it. And his face, looked always adorable and youth as if he was still in his twenties while being 31. Everybody knew his sexual orientation. He has never hidden or confirmed it. The most important thing was the fact that he didn’t define himself as a gay man but simply as a human being. After all, nobody emphasized that fact about straight people, so why doing this for gay people? By the way, he didn’t want to make such a big deal of it. It was now 2016 and people needn’t talking about it all the time. Poe watching the link following the first YouTube video, asked something his agent. “Veronica, what do you think about that Kylo Ren guy?” wondered he, the laid-back attitude, leaning against his seat car. “Oh I do think he is a nice guy and quite a professional one. He is such a workaholic though. He is always saying all the time he doesn’t have time to date anyone.” The puzzled look, Poe raised an eyebrow and bite his lips, such an old habit. “So are you telling me, he is single, aren’t you?!” the alarmed tone. She nodded, the casual air. “Yes and I think it’s weird you know. There are so many guys around the corner in New York and even here in LA and he’s still searching for the love of his life. Honestly, I’m starting thinking he’s the kind of guy Forever Alone .” She sang at the end and cheered Poe up. “Well, maybe it’s because he still hasn’t found the one yet. Don’t you think?! I mean, the one who would touch his heart and not his bank account”. Veronica deeply thought about what he had just said. “You may be right. I mean… look at you! You’re still single too and you don’t even want to try to go on a date someday. You must be scared to fall in love with a Gold Digger. And I got it so that’s why I think he hasn’t found the right one yet because of it. I mean it is now obvious considering that fact about you Poe.” Added her on a slow tone. “You rich people and famous one have a lot of hard time with your love life” said Veronica. “Thank God! I’m not a famous one. I prefer to kept secret my ID than being exposed to anybody in this fucked up… well I mean strange city.” “You’re right! I wish I was still like you” sighed he. “Yes, it is true. It is so hard to be a famous actor” and he put his shades back on his nose, like a true movie star . “Are you on character now?” exclaimed she, taking off Poe’s shades. “I guess… I can’t feel my face please bring me back my shades” sang Poe on a The Weeknd vibe. “After Lana Del Rey… The Weeknd. Here we go!” She rolled her eyes as a false protest sign. Poe winked and gave her The what do you expect look from Uma Thurman’s add. * Thirty minutes later in a cosy beige room full of mirrors, Poe was standing there waiting for the makeup artist. Eventually, he was excited to give the first interview ever about his new film by the new trendy filmmaker Rey . He found her so genuine. She had that kind of unconventional approach to directing and acting. And for once, Poe has been definitely happy to be directed by a female filmmaker. It was really a big change because Hollywood was still a place dominated by men. Things needed to change for the better and he had great hope on it. The Artist makeup finished the work and left him be. It was in one of these silent moments that Poe loved to find himself again. He needed each and every time some concentration to do the best interview possible. That was just his nature, a perfectionist. His agent reminded him often that it was ok but he had other thoughts on the matter. Better not disturbing him while doing that. Come on Poe, are you a Dameron or not?! You can do that. Just breathe and close your eyes and live the moment being. * One, Two, Three! Here we go! A firm voice said. “Hey guys! I’m Marissa Walsh and today we have the honour to welcome one of our favourite guest here, the unbelievable Poe Dameron”. The crowd stood up to welcome him. Poe had always all the world’s gratitude during these promotional tours. She smiled and Poe waved his left hand to shake the crowd’s hands. Before joining Marissa, he said to the camera hello in an Adele voice. His biggest quality has always been his laid-back attitude and charismatic stature. No matter where he was, people only saw him and nothing else mattered. “You’re always so charming Mister Dameron.” “Thank You Marissa.” “You’re welcome! By the way did you like Adele’s new album? because you just said hello like her.” Teased her. And he just said yes, as to confirm it. “So how are you doing then?” questioned Marissa. “I’m quite fine since the end of the shooting I’m just trying to relax a bit and mostly to enjoy my home. Because I can spend three months away without getting back home.” The crowd has been left speechless by his statement. “Oh what a good initiative. Plus, the LA weather is on point right now not like in New York, right?!” sarcasm was Marissa Walsh’ biggest weapon between. “That’s why I’m a LA guy then.” He shrugged, after all it was true in fact. And the whole assembly laughed at Poe’s saying. “Alright! Alright! Alright! Please make less noise, folks. Mister Dameron is trying to say something” whispered she, the finger trying to shut the crowd down, of course by playing it. “How was the shooting?” “Oh it was incredible. I mean as you may know I had to play the most skilful pilot in the galaxy and I have to admit something to all of you” The crowd was paying attention as if God was before them. “Yes! We listen to you Poe!” “You must be really in shape to be a pilot. The performance was so intense and physical I had aches every late afternoon.” “Oh my God! Poor you.” Stated Marissa, the exaggerating tone. Sometimes she was just like a witch, Poe thought. “So it means that you had to go through an excessive and intense workout schedule?” “Yes! Quite indeed. But I met some amazing people during that journey. I had the privilege to meet and talk to some real pilots. I really wanted to know what it really takes to be a real one. You know when you’re in character. You have to erase your true self and live the life of someone else. You have to put yourself in condition to do it the best possible way, even better it.” “So was it easy to play the random guy called Daniel Airline? By the way, he has quite an odd name, don’t you think?” added her, drinking her cup of tea. “You know the first time I read about him. I was like You must be kidding dude, Daniel Fucking Airline???!. Anyways, I was told that it was actually his real name and I kinda laugh… I guess” “And we too!” yelled her, and the crowd burst out laughing for several seconds. Well that woman, Poe thought rolling his eyes as if he was enjoying the laugh. Being an actor meant faking things too, he said to himself. That was part of his job, being a bit fake in front of the camera. Selling a certain image of him, to make happy his publicist and the industry. Oh God… And Oscar cut off the crowd in the middle of their laugh, “Hey folks! It has been one of the most entertaining roles that I have ever played in my life. You know my childhood dream was to drive a plane. And today, I made it come true… in part.” The cheeky smile, always. OK guys! Time out and we’ll be back soon. Advertising halftime up, Marissa took advantage to take a picture with his guest and congratulated him for his wonderful performance. The rest of time, Poe’s agent thumbed him up. Veronica was proud to see his protégée being an A-List and a Movie Star now. Thinking back at the long process, she got him into. * “Ok guys! Welcome back on the Marissa Miller Today Show.” “I’m still here with the one and only one Poe Dameron, you know the biggest movie star actually in the world.” She emphasized the last six words.” She shouted out as usual. Poe blushed, and told her to stop that. “You know what Poe?” and she gave him a cup of tea too. “I always wanted to ask you something” Intrigued, Poe said “What? I think I’m a bit terrified now” and bite his lips, the seductive way. Poe’s biting lips were notoriously famous through Tumblr and Twitter. His fans were always chatting about it. Thank God, the latter didn’t have any social media account. To be true, he was not fond of it. His agent even tried to convince him to try someday but failed, in the end. He was just happy to be like that and didn’t plan a future entrance into the social media’s world in a near future. “How is it to be directed by a woman? Is it that different from a male?” Poe, the surprised look by her question, told himself is she fucking dumb or do that on purpose, managing to get back his wonderful smile. “Oh you know it is not that different. Rey has been so nice and gave me a lot of advice to be more comfortable in the cockpit because I was… nervous as hell.” And he raised his tone to claim what he had just said. “You know guys! It is no easy task to be a pilot but thank god she reassured me that I was doing the right thing” explained he, with charm and straightforwardness. “To sum her up, she incredibly thoughtful about her craft and never let anything by chance”. Her agent smiled because Poe said she incredibly instead of she’s incredibly . It was always like that when Poe got fed up to repeat the same thing over and over again. Conjugate the verbs didn't exist anymore. “Ok! Ok! Congrats, once again!” She left her chair and yelled at the crowd “Clap your hands for the amazing Poe Dameron!” She’s doing too much once again. She will never change, I guess. But it is finally done. I can’t wait to run away from this place. “You always say that to all your guests?” wondered Poe with manners. Everybody went insane about it. Poe had always got the right words to woo the crowd. “Of course not! You’re the one and the only one. So Poe! I think that you’re still single, am I right?” She rubbed her chin, the inquisitive look. Poe thought that the interview was finished, but actually he was wrong. “Definitely!” responded he, with tact. “But why?!” “I just haven’t found the right person yet.” Admitted him. “Things like that happen.” Confirmed him, the so called sad voice. Poe has always been uncomfortable about it. He didn’t like when an interview turned into a sofa talk. Especially when it dealt with his private life. “Are you kidding me? Just look at here, there are so many hot guys there and over there just for you” she pointed out. Poe only smiled and silenced himself. He wanted to add something but changed his mind in the end. “Anyway Poe I was happy to talk to you and come back soon.” She winked at him and thumbed up. “Thank you!” So ladies and gentlemen go to the theatre on February, the 2 nd to see A Star In The Galaxy. And you’d better be! See you tomorrow folks! Marissa Walsh was one of the funniest women within the industry but overall the most reckless one, Poe thought. She always had the disturbing habit to make the interview annoying. * On the way back, Poe just wanted to get back to his bed but couldn’t. He had another interview and after that a radio one to perform. * His agent was on phone, speaking to a random person. The talk looked animated. Was it another future commitment? He just sighed in despair. Really… wasn’t easy to be Mister Dameron. To cheer him up, his agent announced him a rather strange good news. “Poe I have a big news for you. As the release of your new movie is coming soon, I am being told that Kylo Ren’s TV channel wants to get an interview with you” “I don’t have much choice anyway” said him, a bit angry. “Don’t react like that dude. It is Kylo Ren in person who wants to interview you at your house”. “And so what? I should perhaps be happy and say thank you?! Sorry but I’m not buying that shit” Veronica rolled her eyes and promised to call back the person with whom she was talking to. She crossed her arms and called out Poe. “Poe! What’s wrong?” “Nothing Vero.” “Really? I don’t know you’re weird since this morning” “Nothing I said. Will you leave me alone please?! I just need to breathe a bit” Poe has never revealed that but he had just his own problems like everyone. Anybody could be depressed and that’s what exactly happening to him… Stay tuned! Chapter 2 : Everybody comes to Hollywood Notes: Sorry for the delay but I wanted to make some changes in this chapter. As usual thank you for the support and I hope you'll like it. Please don't hesitate to leave a comment. What you think about my fanfiction do matter to me. Thanks again for the support! Finally the end… the so awaited end. On the seashores of California, Poe’s day ended up with a photo shooting setting in Malibu. The theme was the release of water from God. He has always been at his ease while posing for magazine covers, but that day, he was into another planet, and the distraction has been huge. He couldn’t be focused on. One could feel that Mister Dameron was thoughtful about something in particular. He had a lot of difficulties to look at the camera properly. The photograph even took several shoots to seize the perfect picture, as the latter was out of this world. Please wake up Poe. What the hell are you doing? You’re not that professional today. C’mon Poe it is not that difficult to pose before cameras. You’re used to do that. And by the way, you’re doing that to elevate your career. That is what he was saying to himself. From time to time, he loved talked to himself that way to stay in the real world. During the whole shooting, he had to fake a kiss with a certain lady. She was a well-known model. Anybody would have been happy to do that, except him of course. Gosh… He wasn’t easy to satisfy anyway. To be true, he didn’t feel like doing it and was even looking at his agent. Please I don’t want to do that Veronica. He thought the pleading eyes but she made him understood that he had to do it anyway. Well, he wasn’t going to die… So Instead of faking it, Poe turned himself into a Real Movie Star and kissed for real the superb female model. The first surprised was Poe, himself. The lady accompanying him was on the moon. It was the dream of every woman to do that. She couldn’t be misled, Poe Dameron had kissed her for real . He didn’t fake it at all. After all, he was an actor and knew how well to perform a real kiss. While doing it, he embraced her and made his most beautiful glowing eyes. The female model looked like a Tumblr Girl , thin and so on. One could bet that she was the type taking pictures of her food and her workout sessions. He didn’t know even why but she must be that type. A bit superficial to say the least… She wasn’t his type at all. But what was Poe type? Regarding that, things have always been ambiguous. Poe knew he liked men too but he wasn’t completely insensible to ladies’ charm. Maybe he was bisexual? Yes maybe… You never know. “That was unexpected. I must say” said his agent, the hanging mouth as she was surprised by Poe. What an unexpected move! Everybody on set was surprised. “Poe! That was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. That picture will be timeless for ages!” added the photograph. “Very good job Poe! I mean I’ve already worked with a lot of super stars and YOU man… You’re unique. I mean I would never find someone else again, like you. You’re that special!” complimented once again the photograph. The shooting set was in an uproar. That magazine cover was sure to become one of the best of all time. Finally, it was good to see Poe upset, thought Veronica, his agent smiling like a fool. “Oh… I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do it for real” apologized he. “Oh it’s okay… Don’t worry” said the model. “You’re sure?! I mean I kissed you for real when I had to fake it” insisted he, the worry look. “No… It’s okay. If I…” She wanted even to add something else but retracted in the end. “You mean if you get another chance, you’d seize it, right?!” and she blushed right away as he read her like a book. At first, she tried to turn away her face but Poe told her “Hey… look at me! It’s okay” He bite his lips as usual. He couldn’t help doing it. “If you want to… I can do it once again and even better the first one. Right?!” and she simply nodded. “Hey Sam… Could you retake another one?” Poe said to the photograph. The intrigued look, he replied him “Alright but the first one was already perfect.” “I know but the second one, will be even better Sam” “If you say so…” said he the cheeky smile. “Ok guys… Let’s go for another round!” cried out the photograph. * “Ok… So you’re going to be relaxed and please just look at me into my eyes. As if you were about to die… Don’t be intimidated. You wanted a kiss. You’re going to have it” whispered Poe, holding her chin with kindness. He was trying to reassure her. “Breathe… I’m feeling your stress and it wouldn’t be good for the iconic picture that he will take, right?” “Yes… Okay. I’m trying to do it as you say” “Nice!” Then the light and the camera started to adjust. The whole team had been seized to make this moment wonderful. Malibu’s sunset was radiant, with some rose and orange mixed up together. The wind began to rise, which helped a lot to make timeless that photo shoot session. “Oh my God Veronica! The weather is with us today. You have a special jewellery in your pocket Vero…” stated the photograph. * “Ok… now Helena you’re going to be the closest possible way to Poe. Don’t be afraid! Claim him as if he was yours and only yours. And Poe you know how to do it, I mean you’re an actor after all” explained the photograph, excited a lot. “C’mon Poe! Make your mama Proud!” shouted out Veronica. She wanted him to give his everything and to show who the King NOW in Hollywood was. Like Madonna’s song, everybody comes to Hollywood… but some special persons only succeed, such was the harsh law of game. “You know what guys?! Put Madonna’s song Hollywood on… It would be such a good add for this photo shoot” And everybody obeyed. The star system was on. Everybody comes to Hollywood They wanna make it in the neighborhood They like the smell of it in Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good It was such an Iconic song for that special moment. “So I hope you guys… The song would help you” Poe only winked as to make him understand it was perfect. The model relaxed more and enjoyed even being held by Poe. Flashes scrolled everywhere around them. Photos taken linked up one after one at a sustained pace. They didn’t even have time to breathe as they were being caught in an image fusion. The temperature rose between both of them. If you didn’t know, you would think they were really a couple. The acting was just on point. “Oh my God! You’re being perfect now! Keep going! I mean you do know how to do your job” encouraged Veronica. “Yeah Poe! She’s right. Honestly, I do want another photoshoot in a near future. Your karma is huge man.” Said Sam on purpose. The moment of truth as expected was there, he improvised and laid down on the sand taking her with him in his fall. Hot sand, two beings laying on it, what could possibly happen? A kiss of course… You all knew that right. Poe straightened his leg up to make her more comfortable. They were being poured water on the whole body. Do not forget, the theme was the release of water from God . What amused a lot Poe. Then, he smiled holding his gaze right at her female counterpart. She closed her eyes and leaned on Poe’s caress on her cheek. “Yes Sir! Just like that. Please I want more Poe!” urged the photograph while kneeling down on the sand to have a better view. * “Did you hear him?! He wants more Hel… I mean can I call you like that?” he focused on her lips, and touched this time her hair. Breathlessly, she said “Yes… You can Poe” Within a fraction of second, she was shocked. How did the hell dare to call him by his first name? He was Poe fucking Dameron, girl… Surprised by her own audacity, she kissed him at last. Her lips touched a bit his own at first. It was a shy move in the beginning. Then Poe seized the back of her head, and coming closer to her face, closed his eyes and then he thrusted his tongue into her mouth. It was a movie kiss as people liked. The feeling, the hotness, air marine water emanating from the ocean participated to this awfully good delight never seen in a shooting set. WOOOOW That was the only word acknowledged by the whole team. The divine ecstasy offered by Poe and Helena worth more than a million . Magazines’ sales would rise for sure with such affection unpacking made in the Internet’s new boyfriend. * “Wooooow! You did give us what we really wanted but I would have never dared ask you such a thing. Thank you Poe! And congrats for your new movie.” He hugged Poe as to thank him. “We couldn’t ask any better. I mean how you managed to kiss her like that. Are you a serial kisser? Please give me your secret…” then they walked along the beach to talk together a bit. Meanwhile, Veronica thanked Helena a lot. She was amazed by her professionalism. She wanted even to know who her agent was. That girl was a rough diamond deserving to be well taken care of. Veronica has always been ambitious so it wasn’t a surprise to see that. * “Well Sam… Thank you for having me to this photoshoot. It has been fun!” lied Poe. As a good actor, he knew how and when to lie. Getting into his mind, the reality was different. He just wanted to flee but being professional had always been his attitude. Instead, he stared at his agent from a few meters away as to reprimand her by telepathy. At this right moment, nobody could guess Poe’s real feelings about this photoshoot. Of course, everybody was happy of the outcome, but he couldn’t care less. He had just done his job: pleasing other people before himself. Sometimes being an actor was like selling yourself to the best offer. Evidently, it wasn’t at all similar to prostitution, but still, some common points could be found regardless of what one could ever thought. Gosh Veronica! You know how much I wanted to get a rest but you found a photoshoot without even telling me somehow. His agent knew too well what that stare meant. The man has been upset the whole day and things wouldn’t get better anytime soon. She could bet on it. The shooting had better be quick before Poe got really mad. A couple of takes should be taken in a short time, she tried to appease him in vain. But he couldn’t buy her bullshit . Oh that is how agents work, he thought. * The shooting went on and on. One hour and half later, everything was done. Jesus Christ. To thank him, Helena, with whom she posed asked him a selfie. Strange move to thank someone. Anyway, he accepted, Poe was well-behave and a nice guy. Don’t get him wrong he wasn’t always annoyed like that. * Helena put her arm around Poe’s waist and took the selfie smiling as if it was the first time ever she smiled in a picture. Let’s go Helena. Please take your damn picture. He just faked his most tooth full smile . The man was a pro, acting like that every day. Everybody comes to Hollywood to fake. Finally, being an actor was the synonym of faking things . It was the utter true. Hollywood… * “Hey Poe! You did great today. I do know that you’re exhausted but I wanted to thank you to be so patient, comprehensive, resilient and professional”. He gave her a wink to thank her. Even if he was a bit frustrated because of all of these commitments. He always thanked her at the end of the day. Don’t misinterpret his kind of hypocrite attitude, he was proud to be a Movie Star, still, he sometimes missed to be anonymous. Walking on the street without being recognized or doing some shopping in a city mall and so on. He just missed his former life. Dear God, Mister Dameron was just nostalgic. “Hey Poe! Is everything ok?” worried Veronica. The dejected look, he lied “Yeah… I’m just a bit tired” ”Alright because since this morning you have been so sad.” Added her, hoping to make him talk. “It’s ok… You know how I work, right?!” he partly smiled, not sure if he had succeeded to make her believe that, at least he had tried. “Ok! So today was the first day of the Promo Tour. We still have a long way to go” she eyed him on purpose. She knew how much he wanted to go on vacations but the pleading look she went on her talk. “I know the day has been intense so far. At least, you have a full week-end to recover bec-a-u-s-e I want you in shape on Monday”. When Veronica said the words in shape, it meant a presidential schedule-like had been appointed. Dear lord… Lana Del Rey sang “I’m a sad girl, I’m said girl, I’m saaaad girl… I’m a bad girl, I’m a bad girl, I’m a baaaad girl” Yes, that song was made for Poe for sure. He was sad and beside a bad boy, the man could never be happy no matter how much his agent put on effort to change his mood. “By the way, just think about what I told you about Kylo Ren because he would like to have an answer the sooner, the better” dared to say Veronica. Poe turned straight away, “He would – what?! So now the man is demanding.” “No Poe! You’re wrong. That’s not what I mean. It would just be cool to give him an answer before next Tuesday. That’s it.” Hissed her, looking down on her IPhone, replying some text messages. Just thinking about it made Poe squeaking. He wondered why in the hell Kylo Ren wanted to interview him so much. He wasn’t the only Movie Star in Hollywood for God sake. The choice was very large but nonetheless he chose him over several actors. Be a little bit more thankful Poe. It is not the end of the world. You’re such a lucky guy and you always find a way to complain. You’re such a cunt! * His schedule already full, so taking 60 more minutes in his life just to do a sofa talk didn’t really interest him at all. Nevertheless, it would be good for his public figure. Just look at that headline Poe Dameron being interviewed by the most respectable journalist in the game! Oh how cool it is. He’ll be known in the Kylo-Ren-Famous-Ones-Ever-Interviewed. The major boost, which would come out of it could be huge. “Ok I’ll think about it Vero.” Then, she kissed him on the cheek and invited him to get back home. “Alright let’s go!” * In the car, the silence settled down between the agent and the actor. Neither Veronica tried to say anything, nor did Poe open his mouth. A heavy weight ran in the atmosphere. It wasn’t common at all, but the tension between them was just huge for once in a time. Poe being mute since when? Since now… Something was bothering him a lot, still he didn’t even want to acknowledge it. He was just too busy being depressed. He felt the need, the urge to cry out his heart. I can hear your heart crying out for me. What was he talking about? Anyway, that man was a mystery. He couldn’t find the courage to expose his pain out. And Veronica noticed it, after all she has been working for him for the last seven years. She knew him too well to know, that something was definitely wrong but decided to let him do the first step. She didn’t want to try and to get a rejection from him. She knew him too well. * Getting out of the car, he waved at her and said to her goodbye and see you on Monday. The relief of feeling his homestay. By putting his hands behind his head, he breathed harder and close just one second his eyes. After a long day of work, he could now enjoy being at home. When he got in, no one was there waiting for him. He lived on his own. He didn’t have a boyfriend or someone else waiting for his being. * In the kitchen, he opened the fridge and had a look at the drinks and food. He opted for a good fresh water glass and headed in the sun deck, to gaze at the stars facing the huge swimming-pool in the garden. The evening, quite as hell, the fresh air was chill but we were in LA. Hello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing Hello, can you hear me? I'm in California dreaming about who we used to be When we were younger and free I've forgotten how it felt before the world fell at our feet There's such a difference between us And a million miles Then, he closed his eyes threatening to cry some bloody tears. He didn’t even know why he thought about Adele’s song. Maybe it summed up quite well his lonely life. Hello from the other side Poe Dameron. There wasn’t much noise. The atmosphere was peaceful, all he needed was to be okay. Yes, just to be okay but he couldn’t. Wiping his hot red tears, Poe looked at himself in the glass’ window. He could see a miserable man, tired by all the years he has been taking to accomplish his dream. How are you Poe? Bad honestly Bad. I mean just look at me. I’m sad, tired of everything and everybody. I hate them all. No don’t say that! It is not the truth. Yes it is! And an unexpected rain, flowed down hiding Poe’s face from the window. Maybe it was a sign, he thought. Disappearing in the nature… * Laying in his bed, he thought again about that Kylo Ren’s interview to come. It was just up to him to agree or making a refusal. The power was between his hands. The weird feeling running through his whole body made him think that nothing good would ever come out of this interview. He didn’t even know why. * A few minutes ago, he went down to grab anything to eat. Unfortunately, he wanted to eat something unhealthy like a very good Big Mac . He has been craving for some the whole day. Now, Veronica wasn’t playing around anymore, he could do whatever he wanted to do. Therefore, he ordered a satisfying Big Mac and ate it quick. Eating your favourite menu from your favourite fast food – couldn’t ask any better. Food had always been the best medicine to heal a low mood. Some people liked eating chocolate, while watching TV. Poe liked eating a Big Mac to upgrade his changing mood from time to time. Of course, he must stay in shape for the need of his film career. That’s why to compensate Veronica hired a fitness coach to enhance his shape a bit. She knew how much he loved MacDonald’s. She had hired a nutritionist too, her favourite star had to learn to feed himself well while being alone. She couldn’t be around every day. ** New York cold wild wind hitting hard against Kylo Ren flat’s windows, the latter was typing a message when his sister got in. “Hey you, what’s up?” cheered she. “Nothing, except, I’m waiting for a reply” “About whom?” “About Poe Dameron’s agent”. She dropped her shopping bag down right away, the puzzled look. “What?! Poe Dameron? I mean the Movie Star?!” demanded she, expecting a straight answer. “Yes the movie star as you said it yourself. Do you know a second Poe Dameron?” joked he. “Oh stop playing me! Of course not, you dumb!” and he cut off her by nodding. “I mean… Look! Nothing is set for the moment but I hope we go through the talk. He seems to be a bit complicated. I hope he would agree” “Why not? I mean anybody wants to be in your TV show” “Yeah, you get the point. That’s why I’m wondering why he’s taking so much time just to give me an answer. Everybody… but regarding that man I’m not sure. Usually, I get a quick confirmation. And for the first time, his agent takes ages to reply me” “Hey! Stop talking like that about my favourite actor” teaser she. “Anyway, I don’t know the hell he thinks he is but I’m not going to wait any longer.” “Oh maybe, they’re trying to find you a safe spot in his agenda. I mean he’s pretty much busy…” “As I am too but I’m not making a big deal out of it.” “Anyway Kylo, if you have the chance to get him. So call me maybe, I’d be happy to assist you”. She picked her shopping bag up and left him be. Chapter 3 Notes: Hello to all of you! I know it has been such a longtime that I didn't update. But I have to admit that I wasn't really motivated to write more. So that's why I disappeared, but I found my motivation back. So I won't let you down once again. Personally, I found this work really interesting that's why I go on. Thank you for reading it or leaving comments! :) The next morning in L.A Waking up because of the intense sun coming into his bedroom, Poe yawned and stretched his arms over the pillows. Finally, the week-end was here and he was going to celebrate it as ever. He needed a good break before coming back to the promo tour stuff. But how to celebrate this day? He had no idea. Then, he decided to text his friends over. * In his living-room, he was cooking his breakfast, a very American one. The hunger swirled in his belly, anticipating to be well-fed. Thank God, Poe was a great cooker. And that the general public didn’t know at all. He had never brought to light. He wanted to keep it for himself. Sometimes, it was much better to keep things. Having a part of secrecy could be sexy or mysterious. Anyway, he didn’t like to talk too much about his private life. * His mobile phone was buzzing, while still being cooking his breakfast. In fact, he had received a text message from one of his great friends; telling him that they should go clubbing tonight. At first, Poe was a bit reluctant and even raised his eyebrow like what the hell… But after much consideration, he told himself he needed to release the tension by hitting on the dancefloor. What better way to hit the town in one of the most exclusive nightclubs in L.A.? To say the least, it had been such a long time that he didn’t enjoy a night out with his friends so it was the best opportunity in years he could have. * Poe showered and got dressed quickly. Tonight, he will take a cab. He knows himself too much. When one decides to drink, the safest possible choice was to be cautious. While waiting for his cab, Poe was typing on his phone something to Veronica. To Veronica Hemsworth: Hey Veronica! I’m about to go clubbing but don’t you worry. I’m deeply thinking about that Kylo Ren interview. I’ll give you an answer tomorrow morning. Have a nice night out! In case, you plane to throw a party too… After sending it, he smiled. His good mood may have been back in time, he thought. That night, he was wearing a black pant combined with a black fitted shirt. Nothing superficial but casual. * In the nightclub His friends were already there, waiting for him. When they saw him, they went to shake hands altogether. People were already dancing like crazy on the dancefloor. The vibe, everything, was here to make memorable that night out with his friends. Poe liked, in particular, the remixes performed by the DJ including Single Ladies by Beyoncé. He worshipped that song for a special reason. He was still single, so when turning back the lyrics it made Single Man . The music was lit, very dancing. The crowd was on fire. People were dancing as if it would be their last day. Alcohol flowed freely in all directions. Usually, Poe didn’t drink that much but was fond of Champagne. Yes, that amazing French alcohol seen in every party in L.A. So he took a glass of it and drank it in a single sip. It felt good to enjoy life again. That night Poe couldn’t stop smiling and his friends appreciated his efforts to be happy again. He danced in every way possible. The DJ’s music revved. Wolves were released and occupied the dancefloor. Obviously, they didn’t own anything but acted as if they were Kings in their kingdom. Poe didn’t hesitate to take a glass of Champagne whenever he saw one. He just wanted to release the tension. Nothing more, nothing less. Suddenly, the DJ put on display So Happy I Could Die by Lady Gaga. Which recalled him his celibacy, not so desired. Then, he decided to go sit down. He needed to breathe again. The night had been so far exciting and crazy; being calm never hurt anyone. Decidedly, the DJ didn’t stop to put Gaga’s songs. This time, came Judas’s turn . Girls loved that song so they were the ones who were dancing the most, executing the choreography. Poe was always too puzzled when observing fangirlism . They were so into it. That was that to be fan of someone. A few minutes later, one of the catchiest remixes came along to satisfy the incredible hunger of the clubbing. To be calmer, he moved away and went to the VIP area, where some important people wanted to talk to him or even take a selfie. It wasn’t every day that one could see a movie star. * Around 3 am A very good-looking man was looking at right in Poe’s direction. His look was very insistent. He couldn’t take his eyes off him. And Poe wasn’t insensible to his very charming manner. The man was tall and well-made, he had a penchant for tall men although he had an average height, himself. One of his friends, caught him staring back at this unknown man and smiled. He knew he was definitely his type. Then, he said to him to seize the opportunity to go get him. A one-night stand was definitely coming up… * Beverly Hills The dark night of Beverly Hills would give way to one of the hottest moments in the life of James. Accompanied by his new toy boy for a night, Poe had planned to have a very nice moment. Glasses of champagne seated on the counter of his kitchen, just waiting to be drunk. James, the name of his new toy , enlaced him in such a possessive way against the counter. Poe, resting on his hands, sat down on the counter; and took his time to serve one at a champagne glasses while eyeing from the corner of the eye his one-night stand. Poe was getting hotter and hotter. He unbuttoned the top three buttons of his shirt, James, biting his lips had an excess of excitement suddenly. Poe, the doe eyes, tasted his champagne and dropped a drop of his drink on his refined shirt. James would wipe it but Poe stopped him short. Instead, he invited him to place his hands on his bare skin chest. The latter, surprised by the gesture, could only benefit from this. After all, Poe Dameron authorized him to do so. Then, the famous actor, made him drink a sip of his champagne. Considering that he was satisfied, Poe got up and unbuttoned James’ shirt, and proceeded to remove his belt by the way. Then lowered the pant. Here, half-naked, in the living-room of one of the greatest stars around the world. “Let your stuff, here, and follow me!” insisted the actor. James obeyed and followed him as if nothing had happened. ** Sunday in New York Kylo Ren was comfortably sleeping on his King-sized bed when his mobile phone rang. At first, he put one of his pillows back on his head, not wanting to be disturbed; but the ringtone couldn’t stop until he unhooked. At the other end of the line was Veronica Hemsworth, Poe’s agent. He wondered why calling so early in a Sunday morning. It had to be urgent, he guessed. Kylo: Hello! Veronica: Hey! I mean Hello. I’m so sorry to disturb you but you told me to call you whenever I had something to tell you. Kylo: Right! So what are you up to? Veronica: Yesterday, Poe told me that he was still thinking about your interview and that he’d give me his answer today. Kylo: Ok! So what did he say? Veronica: Nothing for the moment. I just wanted to warn you. That’s it. Kylo admitted to be disappointed a little bit. He had expected to get an answer. Instead she had woken up him just to tell him that Poe was considering his offer. Sometimes, actors’ agent could be annoying. Hiding his disappointment, he ended the call politely. Kylo: Ok! When you have some news. Just text me. Have a nice day! Then, he ended the call. Poe must be someone special to take his time this way. In his large flat, viewing on the Manhattan Bay, Kylo got up and put his bathrobe on. He had some important calls to make. * Suddenly, the front door opened, here, his mother Lady Organa arriving with some food. Kylo’s face lit with happiness, he had been missing his mother since her trip to her natal London. “Kylo! It’s me, your mommy!” and he went to kiss her on the cheek. “Hey mummy! How are you? And How’s London?” “You know! The typical rain as usual but I met your grandmother and she definitely wants you to pay her a visit someday.” “I know mom! It’s just that I’m a bit busy right now”. Her mother posed down her food bags and took off her scarf, “Yes I can see that! I’ve been told that you’re waiting to get a confirmation from Poe Dameron’s agent” Kylo sighed, “Yes! And he’s taking his time. You know, after all he’s a celebrity.” “No! An actor” she corrected him. “There is a big difference between these two terms. And he’s a brilliant one and lovely.” Kylo, the intrigued look, asked her to elaborate, “Lovely? I mean how d’you know that?” “Actually, I met him two weeks ago in London.” “What?” he cried out. “Yes and he was promoting … let me guess maybe his new movie or something like that.” “I think you mean his new fragrance.” And she eyed him on purpose, “For someone who doesn’t care about him. You’re well-informed.” Kylo blushed, the truth had been told. He had been searching a lot of information about Dameron, just in case. “Well! I may get a shot at interviewing him. So I must know everything about him. I mean the most important facts!” “I didn’t know that promoting a perfume was an important one” and she patted on his shoulder, letting him be. His mother had always that humour which could light his day. * 2 hours later Veronica Hemsworth called him to let him know the news. “It is done!” she yelled at the other end of the line. “He’s okay to give you an exclusive interview in Beverly Hills”. Kylo had never been so excited. He couldn’t contain his joy. Poe Dameron will be sitting in front of him in one week. So he texted all his staff over. Everything needed to be ready in time. It wasn’t every day that a superstar was willing to talk to you. And as previously said, he said to his sister the good news. The lucky man… Chapter 4 Notes: I know this is a short chapter but this is my gift to all of you. Enjoy! And don't be hesitant to comment. Monday in New York Kylo found himself in the locals of ANC, the TV channel where he was a TV anchor. He had already started to work on his next big interview. Although very excited, he was a bit tensed because he didn’t know what to expect from it. Poe Dameron looked like the typical movie star, always complaining or playing the diva. But maybe it was a false assumption. Anyway, he had to stay serious and keep his calm because the Beast wouldn’t be easy to tame. Poe had the reputation to be self-confident and never doubting about himself. That was the strength of the biggest stars in the planet. So Kylo had better asking him frank and interesting questions otherwise the interview would turn cut short. With his team, they planned to share the interview in three or four parts because Kylo was pretty much interested in asking him questions in this order. His background Being an actor His view about some subjects Maybe his love life? As previously stated, there was a big part of mystery surrounding this interview. The first two points were clear but the two other points were uncertain because it could deal with some questions around politics, environment or even religion. And the last one, was not the least surprising but putting it this way for the end, may be weird. For the moment being, he didn’t know how he was going to phrase the whole thing but he wanted to make a big impact. Poe Dameron should be asked controversial questions like anyone else. * Beverly Hills Poe was at home with Veronica chatting about his week schedule. When entering in, she noticed his good mood. At first, she wasn’t happy to see him going in a nightclub because of the paparazzi and son on. But it might had been a pretty good idea. Poe looked relaxed, joyful, smiling and mostly happy to go promoting. He needed a breath of fresh air in his life. And his one-night stand had helped a lot, he thought. “So Vero, what do you have for me this week?” asked he. Smiling like a fool, she unrolled what she was holding and showed him. At first glance, his week would be exhausting before going abroad. But he loved challenges, so the deal was done. “Alright! Anyway, I don’t have any choice. But…” he raised his finger, “there is an unknown schedule right here!” he pointed out on the empty link. “Oh I was about to tell you that you have a meeting set with Kylo Ren”. Surprised, he wanted to say something but stared back at the empty link, “Wooow! We need a whole afternoon to prepare the interview?!” he wondered. “Apparently yes! You know, it is not my fault. He has always been working this way. So you should complain to him, I have no part on it.” “Ok! I get it Vero. I don’t blame you. But I don’t know why… I have a weird feeling about the outcome of the whole thing” he said. Veronica, running a hand through her hair, the perplexed air asked him to elaborate. “I don’t know why! But you know him too well. Asking dangerous questions is his speciality so I wondered what sauce I’ll be eaten.” “Oh you’ll be eaten with a red, sexy one” she joked. “And d’you really think you’re funny?” he smiled and went to grab a sandwich. Noon was coming and the hunger showing his true colour. Chapter 5 : Meeting the Knight of Ren Notes: So this is the new chapter. The so awaited meeting is finally here. Thanks again for the kudos and comments! :) Wednesday Two days later, Kylo Ren had advanced a lot on his pre-work regarding Poe Dameron. Had now a better idea upon what he was going to ask him. The least to say, Poe Dameron was not a regular person, but a big fish. That man instilled mystery, sufficiency and a bit too much confidence on his abilities. Looking at him, one could ask himself if he had ever doubt one single time in his dear life. The truth was somewhere else. While looking for information about his next guest, Kylo had discovered a lot of interesting facts, such as his beliefs and his love life. So the interview will be directed in those two directions. Evidently, he wanted to be subtle about it. He didn’t want to antagonize Poe. Then, he had better be discreet about his real intentions. If Kylo admitted it, he would have revealed his stress. Interviewing the great Poe Dameron was something incredible for anybody. He was scared to be uneasy, or losing his means. Taking to heart to stay credible and saving the face. He wouldn’t risk being taken for a fool, nor an incompetent one. * That morning, Kylo had decided to stay home. He didn’t feel like going out at all. He needed calm before the storm tomorrow. He will be meeting him at that same hour on Thursday. And was eager to meet him for the first time and wondering how Poe would react to see him for the first time. Kylo had a great reputation around the game, so it wasn’t difficult to be appreciated by everybody but Poe. If he could qualify the latter, he would say unpredictable. One could never guess what Mister Dameron might thought of anyone. He always seemed to keep everything for himself. And that was the truth. Kylo had lectured him perfectly. Dameron never liked talking much about himself and mostly his private life. He considered that it was no one business. Anybody had a right to some privacy whether being famous or not. Except paparazzi have never understood that point till now. We all know their tricks. They just needed some famous faces to make a lot of money to live according to them. Gosh… how did God allow such a craft? Anyway, Kylo couldn’t wait any more. Besides, the new Hollywood Issue had just come out today. Poe was the cover face. He was particularly gorgeous on this cover. His flamboyant black hair escaping into the air, immortalizing his portrayal in the Hollywood throne. Watching the magazine cover, Kylo had the impression Poe was looking in his eyes. His brown eyes, sparkling some fire, would have hypnotized anybody right in his path. The sort of blueish shirt that he wore, opened, letting his bare chest seen, showed Poe’s magnificent physique. He wasn’t only a good actor, but a good human nature and a handsome face. Nonetheless, Kylo couldn’t help asking how he was still single. Such a gorgeous gentleman. * Three hours later His mobile phone rang, when he was still sleeping. At first, he heard a distant sound pretexting that it might came from outside. Wrong answer. His mother was calling him. She had several times tried to join him. Her son had the habit to be a heavy sleeper. She wasn’t surprised but wanted to talk to him a little bit before his huge event tomorrow. She knew how much this one did matter to his son. She guessed that he might be anxious. Things were at stake. He hoped to perform a good interview but an interesting one. The next interviewed person was known to get bored easily when things didn’t please him at all. So whimsical! Okay, it was well known to all. Poe better not to be moody too, Kylo hoped. Waking up from his sweet dream, he yawned as ever. And looked at his watch. 4 pm spent. He had been sleeping a lot. Then he took his mobile phone, and viewed his mother name onto the screen. Kylo: Hello! His mother: Hello! It was about time Kylo. Kylo: Oh I’m so sorry Mom. I don’t know. I’ve been sleeping so well. His mother: Are you kidding me? Besides, you dare tell me all of this. Anyway, how you’ve been my son? Kylo: Well… couldn’t be any better. His mother knew him too well, he lied. His mother: Oh you sound fantastic. Kylo: Yes mom. I guess. He smiled. Kylo: The truth is I’m a bit tensed. His mother: About tomorrow, right? He nodded mentally. His mother: You know son, it’s just an interview like any other ones that you have ever done. Take it easy and don’t be that tensed. Everything will be okay. Kylo: You promise?! Waiting for her answer, he started to think of Poe. His mother: Yes, I promise. I know it’s going to be lit like you, young people always say. And they both laughed in unison. His mother: Okay Kyle, I have to go. Call me tomorrow before or after the big first meeting. Anyway, keep in touch. Okay?! Kylo: ‘k mummy. Then he hung up. With a good feeling. Promising things were about to happen. Thursday Today was the big day for everybody, including Poe. He woke up, quite happy. Unusual? Before going to meet Kylo Ren, the famous TV anchor. He had been arranged a meeting at the hairdresser’. He wanted to have the hair cut. For once, he wanted to look fresh and a bit younger. Couldn’t care about what people might thought about his appearance, he just wanted to try something new for once. * Her agent was already there. Poe arriving like a true movie star, wearing Black Ray Ban shades, he acknowledged everybody on his path. Smiling to any pictures where he was in it. Authorizing himself to sign autographs before the paparazzi. His fans had been waiting a bit for him when they got the information. Thanks to these photographers . Poe knew that he would make the headlines right away. Picturing himself like, Poe Dameron at the Hairdresser’ getting ready for his big interview Everybody in town already knew the open secret. How? Why? And When? Kylo Ren spilled the beans on Wednesday night to the great dismay of Poe. He didn’t appreciate at all his move. Would have liked to be consulted beforehand. He even found Kylo’s move immature. Bad start, but very bad one Mister Ren. * “I’d like to have the hair cut. And just let some hair atop. You know, the Italian hairstyle” he advised. And the hairdresser complied immediately. While Poe being taken care of, Veronica typed on her mobile phone. Intrigued, Poe asked her to whom it might concern. “Oh, I’m just chatting with Kylo. That everything is ready.” Poe rolled his eyes off. He had already something against the New Yorker. He liked discretion and having spilled the whole thing wasn’t a smart move according to him. “I do know that you mad about it but hey man, just chill. It’s not that important”. Poe cut her off. “For you but for me! Yes, it is. I think if I have some requests I’d like to be heard. Anyway…” * 25 minutes later The work had been done perfectly. Poe looked way too younger. Overflowed with vitamins, the radiating face. He was ready to go and to face the Knight of New York or the Knight of Ren . “Alright! Let’s go Vero. Come out to meet him”. * Kylo was already inside Poe’s home. Veronica gave the key to his team, to install everything before their arrival. Kylo gulped when he heard the door unlocking. He knew that within the next seconds he will be meeting with the famous star. The first to get in was Veronica, she welcomed him with a warm embrace. After all she was a Cali girl, so no surprise to see her acting like that. Poe followed behind, holding a bag with new clothes. He didn’t actually had time to change himself. He went up without even saying hello to Kylo. The young actor was still pissed off by his attitude. So he passed him as if he was a ghost. Kylo, not understanding anything, looked Veronica. She shrugged. Just didn’t want to reveal why he had just acted like that. * Finally, in his bedroom, he collapsed on his bed. The weight of life could be so much from time to time. He pulled himself together, and got dressed. Getting a makeover. Then, proceeded to go down at last. * He passed before both of them to reach the kitchen. He just needed to drink a fresh orange juice. He took all his time as if nobody was waiting for him. Veronica got impatient and went looking for him. * After their brief altercation, they went out of the kitchen. Poe angry as ever. * The atmosphere barely relaxed, Veronica introduced Poe to Kylo, anyway. “Poe, this is Kylo Ren” she said. “I know!” Poe retorted. As a gentleman, Kylo replied with sweet words. “Really nice to meet you!” Poe eyed him, the distant body language. Then, he finally shook his hand but didn’t reply anything. He knew he would pass a dirty quarter hour with this contempt actor. Chapter 6 : The interview Notes: First of all, I wanted to apologize because I must do so. Why? I've taken so much time between chapter 5 and 6. The real answer was that I didn't know how to phrase what I really wanted to write. I mean writing is not an easy task. By the way, I didn't have a lot of ideas. But the recent months with the release of wonderful movies like Dr Strange, Fantastic Beasts showed me the way. I didn't stop writing because I wasn't motivated any more. It's just that I didn't know how to do it. By the same way, writing is one of my greatest leasures. It makes me so happy. And the next several months, I'll get plenty of time to do it. "My University" will leave me alone for once ^^. Thanks for being so patient and so dedicated to my story. I know how to write a story now because I've figured out my previous mistakes and now I'm happy to share what I have to say about the matter. Thank you! Ps: Don't worry I'll update it regularly from now. You should try to figure out how to do something when you don't. It will help you out in your life. Peace! A few minutes later, the interview was about to begin with Poe Dameron. Kylo, a bit anxious, just counted the minutes till the first question. Thank God, the interview was a recorded one. Hence, every negative passage about Poe would be cut off. As a professional journalist, Kylo had anticipated everything. By the way, Poe’s behaviour just gave him a clue about his attitude. The journalist was just afraid to make him look bad. That was it. Even though, Poe had a very negative view about Kylo’s recent tell. He found the man rather pleasing to look at. The man was taller than him and well-defined as well. A first good point and had lavish beautiful black hair. Obviously his beauty was rather imperfect but that was what made him look so charming. From time to time, people thought that “the symmetrical ideal of beauty-faced” was everybody taste. Wrong answer. Of course, Poe wouldn’t say no to such a figure but he had a thing for unconventional beauties. * “Alright! The interview is starting. So just answer the damn questions the most naturally possible way and just be nice! Please” Veronica said. Poe winked. * The open credits of the show aired on when Kylo made the speech. Good morning everyone! Today, here with me, I have the greatest pleasure to welcome one of the biggest Hollywood stars ever. Of course, he doesn’t like when we say things this way because first of all before being a star. He’s beforehand an actor, and a true dedicated one. His craft is what motivates him to get up every day and to act. Poe Dameron as you may know, is a very demanding man but he had accepted to give us his first impression about his new movie with the so talented director Rey and talk about his craft, life and his point of view regarding our world. So thanks for joining me now today! Kylo left his files of paper and head to Poe and sat down before him. “Good Morning Mister Dameron!” Poe smiled back and said, “Good morning as well.” He chuckled the right amount of time. “You can call me Poe!’ “Alright Poe! Thanks for inviting us at home.” “My pleasure!” Veronica handed him a gesture. She was satisfied with his act. “Let me introduce what we’re gonna talk about today. So first what was your first ever impression about being a pilot in your new movie. I mean it may have been a challenging role to say the least”. Poe took a sip of water and processed with his act and crossed his legs. “Well! My first impression was rather a surprising one. I mean I heard about the script a few years ago but I have never thought that I will be playing a pilot. Because God I do not know how to fly a plane. I mean, driving is okay. Cars and motorbike but a plane. I was a little freaked out. Even though, I should just act but you know when you took to heart your craft. You ask yourself so many questions. And sometimes you’re like ‘lord! Just help me please’ so basically my first impression was how was gonna play this role before ever knowing the script at first.” Kylo grinned. Poe was an interesting man. He was under the impression that he could talk all day along about his new role, what was a cunning point about how to lead the perfect interview. Having someone so dedicated could just make easier the job. “I can’t even imagine. But after knowing the scrip, what did you think? Was it just about playing a pilot? ‘hey I’m kinda cool! I have played a pilot in my acting career’ or was rather more about playing a challenging role? Showing that yes ‘Ok yes I’m a pilot but I have something to tell you all”. Poe eyed Kylo. The man dared a lot of things, he thought. As a true movie star as he was, he pretended not to know what the interviewer meant. “You mean was it just the fact that I wanted to play something different. I mean outside my comfort zone?” Poe asked. Kylo surprised to being rephrased his own question, simply nodded. He liked this cat-and-mouse chase. “Yes!” “Once again, when I read the script I’ve discovered a man willing to do everything to save his place but at the same time showing off his proudness. I mean when you look at my character he’s a rather fancy one. He exults confidence, passion and even sexiness I’d say”. The actor described while emphasizing the last words, what the TV anchor didn’t miss at all.” “And if I could add something else, my character is prolific at making friends and helping people out.” Poe chuckled. The truth lied on what someone wanted to show off in his life. And at each interview, Poe wanted to show a bit of his real him and not his persona as some people would may think. Actors didn’t have any easy life. They always had to be careful about everything: their stature, acting career and kindness to the fans. It was important to maintain these three primary requests from the judging crowd. Looking good was what an actor aimed at achieving before and behind the cameras. That was what Poe succeeded and completed very well. But one of the aspects of his life remained uncertain to the public area. Why? Poe had this reputation of being a Don Juan . Never settling down or even willing to do so. It was maybe one of his biggest regrets if he could cried out his heart. * Kylo took advantage of Poe’s last sentence to make him talk more. “So it means that in real life. You have this trait with your character?” The actor wondered whether Kylo studied psychology or whatever. He succeeded to seize what he was truly. “Yes! In real life I mean kindness is a very important fact with my being. I mean people don’t realize that being mean would never bring you what you really want to be” Kylo cut him off. “But it can mean as well that some people may have some hidden agenda on their own. Sometimes you can meet someone. At first you think he’s nice while it’s not the case. So I think kindness has a duality.” “Yes! It’s true but if you always expect people to come with bad intentions. You will never know happiness or even love.” Replied the flamboyant actor. Kylo took his answer like a sort of defiance. Poe’s tone raised, but the conversation was still civilized. * The journalist jumped over his answer, “Does it mean that you’re happy in your life?” ** And the first time-out took place. The dark-haired actor smirked at his interlocutor. You played me so well. If eyes could kill, Kylo would have been right dead. Chapter 7 : The revealing Notes: As promised, this is the new chapter. PS: don't worry if I don't reply to your comment right away. I'll do it when a new chapter is updated. Thanks! After the first break, Poe joined Kylo again in the charming living-room. When he sat down before the journalist, Kylo seemed to think about something deep that his eyes got lost right into one of his files in front of him. At first, Poe wondered about what the taller man could may think but didn’t dare ask him. “Hey! I’m back”. Said Poe. As Kylo came back step by step on earth and looked dumbfounded to have been caught dreaming or whatever you want to call it. “Alright!” he said. Veronica still by his side, looked at Poe as to remind him to be the most cordial possible. * The second part of the interview was about to begin when Poe received a phone call. Hence, he took it in the terrace. Veronica and Kylo waited for him to come back. The call looked pretty serious but not in a bad way because the actor looked rather enchanted during the whole call. When he came back, he did apologize and everything kept going. * “So Poe are you happy in your life?” asked the journalist. Biting his lips Poe thought about his answer and a good one. After a few seconds, he took a relaxed look and said “It depends on what you mean but mostly yes, I am. Studying him from top to bottom, Kylo like a precise psychologist seemed to be half convinced by the answer, so he pushed his question forward. “Does it mean that in your private life, you’re happy?” The handsome actor stared at him because of his gut. Veronica knew for sure that his protégé didn’t like this type of question at all. Seeing his are-you-kidding-me face in full action. So she eyed him as to tell him to give an answer anyway. “Well, as I’ve told you I am mostly” he paused and looked at Veronica but his next move surprised everybody in the room, “but I have to admit that I feel alone. You know when I get home every day or I’m filming a movie I don’t have anyone to talk to. Except my family or my friends. That’s it.” Kylo feeling that Poe was talking about his private life didn’t hesitate to jump on it. “Well, I see. So Poe Dameron’s heart isn’t taken yet” The actor nodded. “I wish but I’m single. And maybe I’d never be happy you know how with who I am it’s difficult to date anyone. I always get the idea that people want to date me just because I’m a famous person but not for who I am. So yes, I’m single but it doesn’t mean that I don’t have anyone from time to time. But being in a committed relationship is like a dream. And sometimes I just make this conclusion: forever alone”. Mister Ren gulped, he didn’t expect such a revelation what pushed him to deepen the actor’s telling. “Mister Dameron. I’m sure that here in L.A you have plenty of choices. And I really mean it. It’s true that we’re living in a world where people don’t have that much time because of busy life but I’m truly sure that you’ll find the one someday. Don’t lose on hope.” Poe smiled. He really wondered whether Kylo studied psychology. The only thing missing in the interview was a red sofa. “Right if you say so!” “Back to what you’ve just told me, have you had a lot of relationships in your life?” “Yeah, quite a lot! In high school, I dated several girls and hung out with some dudes”. Everybody tensed in the room. Poe had just said that he hung out with dudes. But what did it mean anyway? For the first time, Kylo stared at Poe’s agent. He wasn’t sure if what he thought was really what Poe meant. As someone who has never been shy in his interview, the dark-haired man questioned more about the last words. “When you say, you hung out with dudes. You’d rather mean like… as it didn’t work out that much with girls. You tried to get dudes much better.” Poe chuckled. And he did know what he was really doing. Today was the D-Day to put a clear statement to what he was. “Yes, I mean we’re all human beings. I’m not supposed to say yeah I like women and men. I mean I don’t like labels you know. I mean you can like whoever you want. I mean it’s so common nowadays to call people ‘bisexual, straight or gay’ I mean we’re talking about love.” Poe ranted. Kylo couldn’t remain composed. One of the most famous actors ever in Hollywood was revealing his bisexuality or something like that in front of one of the most followed shows in the country. What to do about all these information? Faithful to his reputation, Kylo dared ask the forbidden. “Poe, are you telling me that you like women and men as well?” Dameron knew that the are-you-kind-of-gay-question would come at some point. “What I’m telling you is that I don’t like labels so whatever people want to call me. Yes, they can. It doesn’t bother me. On the contrary, I like making people guess.” The smart actor knew that his answer would be discussed in every media possible. By giving this answer, Poe Dameron has just done one of the most impressive Public Relation statements ever. Stay tuned!