To Couriscant Poe walked into the shop grinning. “Sup?” asked Finn. He was at the front desk doodling. Poe slapped a brochure on the table. Finn picked it up and started looking through it. He shot Poe a skeptical look. “Company retreat,” said Poe. Poe ambled toward the back and left Finn to read. Rey was lining up a shirt and pinning it to the table. She had a little ink on her forehead from wiping it. Their shop was cramped and still smelled of the restaurant that used to occupy it. There was still a gutted fryer in the corner next to the sink that they’d hosed out twice to get the smell of rancid oil out. They kept the lights off in the back to save power, and the cinderblock room was lit only by the sky light. The bright Jakku sunlight streamed in. Rey wiped the sweat off of her forehead again as she looked up. “Hey,” he said. “Hey,” said Rey. “In the middle of an order right now.” “It can wait a sec.” “What’s up?” He pulled a second brochure out of the back pocket of his jeans and grinned. He leaned against the table, close to her. “Company retreat.” “Huh?” “We’ve been doing really well. I figured we could learn a little more about business and synergizing as a team." “…We make T-shirts.” “We’ve still got to keep up with the latest, you know, business stuff to stay competitive.” Rey narrowed her eyes at him. She lifted up the wooden frame of the screen she was working on, lined it up with the t-shirt, and slapped a blob of ink at the top with a spoon. She grabbed a wide board and pulled the ink across the screen frame. She maintained hard eye contact with Poe. She held up her ink-covered hands. “OK, so it’s not the most modern business.” “Yeah. And we’ve only just started to break even.” “That’s not bad for four months in, you know. I anyway, I got a discount. My uncle is organizing it. Someone dropped out and I got the whole weekend for us for two hundred and fifty bucks. With a hotel. For all three of us.” “You want a vacation.” He shoved the brochure in her hand “They’ve got some good speakers,” he said. Rey rifled through the brochure. She smudged it with ink as she turned the pages. There were a few cheesy pictures of men with fake teeth and hair who were successful at telling other people how to be successful. As she got toward the bottom, she spotted a line. In the front, Finn reached the same line. “Laser tag!” he called from the front desk. Poe leaned forward, grinning into Rey’s face just a few inches away. She leaned back a little over the table and pursed her lips at him. “And a buffet,” Poe said, loud enough for Finn to hear him from the front. “IN,” shouted Finn. Rey rolled her eyes. “I’m out-voted. The business is paying?” “The business is paying.” “We’ll make rent and payroll?” “Hell yeah.” She held her hands in front of her, defeated. “I’ll go.” He grinned and leaned in further, rubbing in his victory. She flicked the tip of his nose with the back of her ink-covered fingernail. “ Hey !” He stepped back and touched his nose. His fingers came back covered in blue ink. He shook his head and jogged over to the sink in the corner as she laughed at him. “Personal space, boss.” — What Poe had not told them until the day before the trip however, was that the hotel was in Coruscant, three hour’s drive away from Jakku, through a mountain tunnel toward the ocean. “I’m not driving that,” said Finn. Rey nodded fervently. Poe sighed. “I’ll drive.” “Yeah.” “We know.” Registration for the event started at seven in the morning, and the first speakers at eight, so they needed to leave at four to make it on time. Rey had crashed on Poe’s couch after work and was already in the passenger seat of the car when Poe came to pick Finn up. She was in one of the shirts they’d printed and pajama bottoms, wrapped in a blanket. It was a chilly desert morning, and she planned to sleep on the way. Finn hadn’t seen Poe’s car since Finn and Rey moved out a year before. Finn usually biked to work. The car was at least five years older than any of them, white, and with one bright orange door. Finn hauled his backpack higher up his back and shook his head as he walked with Poe from Finn’s front door to the car. “You still haven’t junked that thing?” asked Finn. “I’d never junk BB-8.” “You could at least paint that door.” “I like it just the way it is.” “OK.” “What do you mean OK?” “I mean ‘OK.’” “I hear sass.” “I mean, if you hear sass, maybe you think I have something to sass about. Which is… OK.” Poe stepped in front of Finn. “That car saved my life. I was on Main, that turn where they hit all the bikes because everyone goes 50? Someone went straight when the road curved and smacked right into me. Crushed that whole door and side. BB-8 crumpled just right and saved my life.” Finn sighed and put his hand on his brother’s shoulder. “I remember, man. Paramedics saved your life.” “They helped,” Poe conceded. “You just can’t afford a new car.” Poe grinned. “I can’t afford a new car.” He jabbed his finger into Finn’s chest. “But when I get one, BB-8’s still going to be with me. Got it?” Rey cranked down her window. “Are we going?” “Poe’s getting weird about the car again.” Rey called to Poe in a sing-song falsetto, “BB-8 misses you.” Poe turned on his heel. “Coming, darling!” — Rey woke to two somebodies poking her on the shoulder. She pulled the blanket off of her face and groaned. “Here!” said Poe. They were pulling up to the front entrance of the hotel. She rubbed her face as Finn grabbed his backpack. “Rey, could you check us into the conference?” She looked down at her pajama pants. “I’m, uh, kind of a mess. Why don’t you do it?” “I gotta park. I put your name in as the other person who could pick up the IDs.” He turned to Poe, “Could you get us checked into the hotel?” “Don’t we need to check in separately?” “Naw. We’ve only got the one room.” Rey and Finn stared at him. Rey looked at the dash clock. It was 7:15, and the first speaker was at 8:00. “Okay,” said Finn. “See, when you say ‘okay’ like that, it’s—“ Rey opened the car door, stepped out, and slammed it. Poe leaned over and cranked down the window. “I’ll get your bags? You can change right after?” “Yeah,” she said. He smiled at her. Rey stopped in the bathroom to straighten her hair before she had to stand in line with business people who, undoubtedly, had worn actual clothes. The hotel and bathroom, at least, were nice. The attention to detail— real plants in the bathroom, immaculate, marble floors and counters, the well maintained humanoid droid handing out towels by the door, the lack of streaks or scratches on the bathroom mirror— it all looked like money. A very tall blonde woman with immaculate short-cropped hair stepped out of a stall and to the mirror beside Rey. She wore a steel grey jumpsuit under a suit jacket with a hint of metallic sheen. She washed her hands and then inspected her eyeliner. Rey washed her hands and then reached around the woman for a towel from the droid. The woman glanced over at her, looked her up and down, taking in Rey’s company T-shirt and loud print pajama bottoms. “Hi,” said Rey. The woman didn’t say anything. She looked at Rey through narrowed eyes. Rey sighed. Rey handed the towel back to the droid, who said “Please enjoy your stay.” “Thanks. Everyone here is so nice,” said Rey. Rey followed the signs to the lobby to the registration desk, preoccupied with her encounter with the woman. She reassured herself that some people just needed to judge, and it didn’t have much to do with her. She rounded a corner, to the hotel ballroom, head down, and— — smacked her nose into something hard and fell, backwards. She reflexively threw her hand out behind her to catch her and landed on it, hard. An electric jolt ran up her arm as she landed on her bottom and unfolded with the shock of the landing, flat on the ground. She clenched her hand at her side, her breath coming out in little coughs as she rolled on her side, knees pulled in to cradle her arm. “Ohhh, man.” “Hm?” she heard, a low grumble. She looked up. A very tall man a prominent nose and full mouth was looking at her with open distaste. He was broad and long-limbed, features emphasized by the close tailoring of his suit. She knew it couldn’t be off the wrack. “Is it broken?” he said. She turned her hand over and looked at the palm. She had a nasty rug burn, but nothing felt broken. “Hi. I… uh, no. It fuc—“ she caught herself “It, uh, hurts, though. Jeez.” The man looked from her into the conference room, and then back. He squinted. “Are you lost?” he asked. She pursed her lips. “No.” She pushed herself up with her good hand. He bent and extended one of his to her. She looked at it for a moment, contemplated helping herself up on her rug-burned hand, and reluctantly took it. He pulled her up in one easy motion. His breathing didn’t even change, he just hauled her up one-handed like she weighed nothing. Something about it, maybe the sheer size of him, made her feel like her stomach was dropping out from under her. He stared at her eyes. Something about his expression was not right. Something about his eyes. He had fifty pounds of muscle on her, and too-intense eyes, staring right into her. He didn’t let go of her hand. He looked down at her fingernails. She still had traces of blue ink under her cuticles. She pulled her hand away. He let it go, but she knew she only had it back because he let it go. “Thanks f-for— I need to—“ “What is it you do?” He was in front of her, between herself and the door to the ballroom. She swallowed and straightened her shirt. “I’m, uh, with this company. Firebird Designs. We’re here to, uh,” she thought of a business word Poe liked to throw around, “network?” He lifted the corner of his mouth. “You should dress more appropriately for networking.” Her cheeks flushed, and her anger overtook her fear. “You should find a different tailor,” she spat out at him. He narrowed his eyes at her. “Oh?” “It looks like yours got a little friendly around your inseam.” “You’re saying this as a veteran of the garment industry?” “Just a person with eyes. ’Scuse me.” She pushed herself around him, into the hall. He watched after her. The blonde woman alerted him to her presence by gently placing her palm on his shoulder. He turned his head and she leaned in to whisper to him. “Is it her?” she said. “I believe so.” “I’ll inform Hux.” “Hold off. We’ve got time.” — Rey fled from the ballroom as soon as she had the tickets, and pulled out her cell phone. The blonde woman and the tall, scary man were speaking to one another in the hall and glanced at her as she passed, because of course they knew one another. She waiting until she was out of sight and pulled up Finn’s number. “Sup?” he said. “What room number?” “I texted it. Are you OK? You sound weird.” “Poe booked us at the asshole convention.” “Already making friends?” “Funny,” she said, and hung up. The text said “2187.” They were close to the top floor. Rey rode the elevator up, found the room, and knocked. Poe opened the door with his toothbrush in his mouth and an undone tie around his neck. He had a cheap suit. “Heeeey!” he said and waved his hand at their surroundings. Finn had already pulled out the couch into a bed in the living area and was lounging on it, looking out the window. Just the living room was larger than her and Finn’s apartment, but with clean lines and fresh-cut flowers. Out the window was a very good view of Couriscant’s beach and the ocean. She trotted over to it and climbed on the bed, crawling over Finn to see out. “Jeez,” she said. “I know, right?” “ How much was this?” said Rey. “Two-fifty. Two nights, and the conference, too.” “Did you forget a zero?” asked Finn. “Me? Please,” he said, muffled around his toothbrush. “I told you, someone cancelled very last minute, and my uncle offered it to me. Get dressed, lecture starts in like, fifteen.” “I, uh, don’t know if I should go,” she said. “What? Why?” “Just… just a weird couple of interactions,” she thought for a moment. “Maybe I just gave a bad first impression, but I got a lot of… I got a weird reaction.” “Ah. Sorry. I guess I should have let you park.” “Yeah, that would have been good," she said, scratching the back of her head. Finn spotted her red palm. A few little clots had started to form where it had been burned bloody. “Oh, shit. What’s that?” Rey held out her palm for him to look at. “It’s been a bad day.” “We’ll make it better. I promise," said Poe. "Look, it’s not much, but you know, this looks good on a University application. See a lecture, meet a few people who could give us recs.” “Think so?” said Rey. “Yeah. Yeah,” Poe said. He convinced himself it was true as he said it. Rey looked down at her hands and considered it. They were shaking a little. She told herself it was not that big a deal. She told herself the tall, strange, intense man wouldn't want to talk to her again. It didn't help. She started shaking a little harder. She clenched her hands together so the boys wouldn't notice and winced at the pain in her palm. The man wouldn't talk to her. He would just stare at her with that dissecting gaze, like she was an insect pinned to a board. It would be OK, she knew. She'd get through that weekend, apply to the University, and it would be OK. They'd go back to their old life in Jakku, and everything would be normal, but better. Poe's mom wouldn't have to worry about money. They wouldn't have to worry about money. They'd have a future. It was all going so well. No weird man would get in the way of that. She grabbed her bag and took it to the bathroom to get dressed. Chapter 2 : Orphans Rey didn’t have a lot of nice clothes, and it hadn’t occurred to her to bring her best. She put on the pair of jeans with the fewest holes in them and a blazer over it. “This looks on purpose, right?” she said. “Yeah,” said Poe absently. He stared out the window. “What?” He pointed out the window. “It’s like the war didn’t even happen here.” Rey squinted. He was right. Couriscant had been firebombed for six months before it fell, they’d heard. The only sign of it was how new the buildings looked. All they could see were white, pretty, straight buildings between the hotel and the sandy beach. Brand new. “Money,” said Finn. “If you have enough money, it’s like the war didn’t happen.” “Yeah,” said Poe. He set his jaw and looked at Rey up and down. “You, uh, look fine,” he sad. He grabbed a notebook and pencil. Poe had brought a suit. It was his dad’s and a little bit broad in the shoulders and long in the arms, but it was a suit. Finn had a polo shirt with a large logo on it and nice slacks. Rey stood at the door and handed them their IDs as they passed. She and they attached them to their collars. They hurried down to the lobby and to the dining hall with three minutes to spare. There was a droid at the door to greet them. “Firebird Designs,” said Poe. “Table twelve. This way.” Everyone was already seated. They got a few strange looks as they went past the tables. Everyone was better dressed than Rey. “What is everyone’s deal?” she whispered. “We’re on time, not early,” Poe hissed back. “Why does it matter?” “It’s like when birds dance to get laid. You have to make a show of having your shit together. Our dance sucks.” “I don’t have my shit together,” hissed Rey. “I don’t know how to look like I have my shit together.” Poe nodded. “That’s a problem.” A few feet away, they spotted a table with three open seats. It already had three people at it. Rey stopped in her tracks. The droid noticed first, stopped, and tilted its head. Rey made eye contact with the blonde woman. Her eyes darted to the strange man’s suit and hands, but avoided his face. She turned around. “Miss?” said the droid. “I-is there another table?” “You OK, Rey?” “I ran into those people earlier.” Finn leaned in and whispered, “You got a bad feeling?” “Yeah.” Poe turned to the droid. “Could you get us another table?” “I’m very sorry, sir, but the speaker takes the stage in ninety-seven seconds. I can see at lunch whether anyone would like to trade.” Poe looked at Rey with half-nervous, half-pleading eyes. Two-fifty and gas money was not a lot of money for a weekend of lectures and food and goofing off, but it was a lot of money if they got nothing for it. She sighed in resignation. “Okay.” She turned back around and took a deep breath. The blonde was staring, but the strange man was squinting up at the stage. There was a third person, a thin redheaded man, leaning against the table with his chin in hand. He was looking at the black-haired man. “Okay,” she said again and walked to the table. The redheaded man pulled his chair out to stand, which got the attention of the black-haired one, who followed suit. She drew her head back in surprise. The droid pulled a chair out, next to be black-haired man, and the two men waited until she was seated until she sat. “Good morning,” said the red-haired man. She was too absorbed in her near-panic to notice Finn and Poe sit. They must have sat, they were seated. The droid quickly flipped the water glasses on the table and filled them from a spigot in its arm. “Good morning,” the redheaded man repeated. She nodded. “You too,” she said. “Make your introductions later,” said the man with the black hair. The lights had begun to dim, slightly. Rey spotted a badge on his lapel out of her eye. Her phone was in the pocket nearest to her. She reached for her water with one hand and, as she leaned, carefully pulled the phone out of her pocket. She glanced down as she snuck her hand into her lap, under the table. Texts to Poe was already open. “Who is Ben Solo?” she wrote under the table, not looking at the screen, and hit the button at the top to lock it. She mimed taking a sip. Poe frowned as he heard his phone chirp. He pulled it out hurriedly to silence it, and frowned at the message on the screen. Rey kept her eyes on the tablecloth and avoided his. She reached forward to replace the glass and her phone. Cold fingers wrapped around her wrist. She froze. Someone was walking onto the stage. Finn was looking at the speaker and Poe was typing something into his phone. They weren’t looking. She swallowed and looked out of the corner of her eye. His — Solo’s— head wasn’t turned toward hers. He and the blonde and the read-head were looking at the speaker on stage. The man’s hand slid down hers and slowly, deeply, rubbed the ball of her palm. She pulled her lips over her teeth from the strain of holding on. It was no use. Involuntarily, her fingers loosened, and he pocketed her phone in one smooth motion just as the speaker finished some applause line, and he brought his hands up to clap. He glanced over her eyebrows raised. Everyone else was clapping. She swallowed and joined in. The squat little man with the fake hair and teeth on stage smiled at the predictable response to his applause line. “That’s right, the Supreme Leader is wise. And now that the war is over, it’s up to us, captains of industry to continue building the Empire, this First Order. It’s our leader’s industry, our industry, that brings us here today, and which will continue to make our Empire great. Anyway, enough sentimental stuff, let’s Get Down to Business!” Finn scrunched his nose up. “Get Down to Business” was the name of the conference. It was fairly standard motivational drivel delivered with unusual energy and shiny faux enthusiasm, but Poe took careful notes. If the speaker said anything remotely unexpected, he underlined. Rey spent most of the time on a knife’s edge, hoping her heart would slow down and hoping the speaker would say something to distract her. Finn’s attention waxed and waned with the energy of the speaker. The blonde and Solo gave the speaker polite, present attention, although Solo seemed preoccupied, staring into the middle-distance and not really at the stage. The redheaded man, by contrast, curled his lip as if he smelled something nasty. Rey glanced at the clock. It was a few minutes before noon. She gave a tight smile to the table and pushed herself away. Finn and Poe looked up with concern. She held her hand up and mouthed “toilet.” Poe glanced over at the other three people at the table and pushed himself out an inch from his seat to see her reaction. She shook her head and made for the door. A droid opened it for her. She stepped a few feet away and breathed. The bathrooms were right, down the hall. She went left ten feet,watched the door, and waited. A few minutes passed and the door opened. Solo turned right. She walked quickly, quietly behind him and saw him stop a few feet away from the entrance to the restrooms. He put his hands in his pockets. She raised her finger up to poke his arm and he turned just before she made contact. He stepped back, away from her. “I beg your pardon,” he said. “Give me my phone.” “You were being very rude. Playing with your phone is distracting.” “Give it to me or I’m talking to security.” He squinted at the ceiling. “Imagine if you had been the only person who didn’t pay respects at the mention of the Supreme Leader.” Her mouth opened, then shut. “They hanged people for less, when I was your age,” he said. “They’ve gotten more lax, but they’re always willing to make an example of someone. Did you see any of that?” “I’m— my, uh, mom didn’t let me watch the news. I heard about it.” “It’s not the same as seeing it.” He stepped forward, and she stepped backward, two, three steps until her back hit the wall. He bent forward, his eyes close enough she had to glance between them, one to the other. “I’m not sure if we’re alone,” he said. “They’re looking for you. The First Order has eyes everywhere. Never assume you’re alone here. Blink if you understand.” She blinked. “Don’t talk to anyone. Don’t draw attention to yourself. Pass as nobody for eighteen hours, and go home.” He glanced down at her mouth, and back to her eyes. Her jaw trembled. Her torso rocked with every heat beat, involuntarily. The cold, hard surface of her phone pressed against her injured palm. She winced, her fingers closing around it, and he backed off. He turned and ran his fingers through his hair as he strode into the men’s room. She shoved the phone into her pocket and ran her hand across her face. The doors to the ballroom clicked. She looked up, startled. Several people stepped out. It was noon. She straightened her back and strode to the women’s restroom, into one of the stalls, and locked the door. She gave herself a few minutes before venturing out, washing her hands, and making her way back to the table. It was just Poe and Finn. The other three were in line for the buffet. “You OK?” said Poe. “Y-yeah, I just couldn’t make it to noon. Sorry.” “I was going to go after you,” said Finn. “That guy’s weird.” “Oh?” “Yeah, he left a couple minutes after you did. Poe didn’t think it was a good idea.” Rey raised her eyebrows at Poe, who winced apologetically. “Yeah, sorry, I thought it’d seem strange. Was that the wrong call?” “Oh? Uh, no. Pretty uneventful pee.” Poe made a face at her. “We got you food,” said Finn. He pointed at her plate and pulled it over to her. It was piled absurdly high. He leaned over “They have crab legs. Oh my God.” She laughed, despite herself. They did, indeed, have crab legs. She pulled one out and turned it over. “How do we eat them?” “I have no idea!” Poe rolled his eyes. “You guys are terrible. Big brother will show you.” He pointed at a seam where they’d already been split open. “Brother?” They looked up. The redheaded man was seating himself. The three of them looked at him. Finn in particular shot him a dirty look. “Apologies, I have not introduced myself. Hux.” Rey, Poe, and Finn reluctantly gave their names. He inclined his head at each of them. “Are you related?” His eyes passed between them. Rey was caucasian with fine, medium brown hair and fine features. When she and Poe were together by themselves and introduced themselves as siblings, sometimes people paused and would look at his wavy, black hair, then at hers. They’d glanced at her rose-undertoned skin and back to his more olive tones. They would adjust their ideas of what one or the other “was” and move on. But when they were with Finn, who was three shades lighter than midnight, people asked questions. They were each keenly aware of how people asked questions. “We’re siblings,” said Finn, firmly. He put on a well-practiced, if stiff, neutral face. Undisturbed. Inoffensive. “Adopted?” “Are you asking something about our mom?” Poe said. He showed his teeth. A stupid man might have believed he was smiling. Hux was not a stupid man. “Apologies, that is personal. The war left a lot of orphans. I was involved in the relief effort at the beginning of the reconstruction. I administered a few programs for orphans.” Finn’s face softened very slightly. “Yeah? We, uh, went to community college ‘cause of something like that. Me ‘n Rey.” Rey nodded. “Some grant thing.” “I probably administered it.” The corner of Finn’s mouth turned down, impressed. “Hey, cheers.” They raised their glasses at one another. The blond woman returned. Hux stood and pulled her chair out for her. “This is Phasma. Phasma, Rey, Poe and Finn. I was just telling them about our involvement in reconstruction, after the war.” She nodded curtly and reached for her water. “Were you involved in the war effort?” she asked. She looked between them. The three looked between each other to see who would speak first. “I was, uh, in a car accident. Medically not competent,” said Poe. “I do hope you’ve recovered,” sad Phasma cooly. He looked away and nodded. “I wasn’t old enough,” said Rey. “You’re making me feel old. How old are you?” said Hux. “I’m twenty now,” said Rey. “I was, uh, just a little short of the cutoff.” Finn decided to save her from more questions and interjected. “I made it through basic and the Academy, but the bomb dropped on Hosnia before I saw combat.” “The Academy? Really?” said Phasma, “I was involved in writing the curriculum.” “Ah,” Finn nodded. He shifted uncomfortably. “Out of curiosity, what was your placement?” “I was, uh, top of my class.” “Really?” a little warmth crept into her voice. Ben approached the table, plate in hand. “Ben,” said Phasma, “this young man was top in his class at the Academy.” “Impressive,” he said, as he sat. “Phasma says that’s not an easy task, Mr…?” “Just Finn.” “Finn.” “You don’t know?” said Rey. Hux’s face tightened. “I was more involved in the political administration.” He glanced over at Hux. “We ran into each other before the conference, we made our introductions.” Hux seemed appeased. Rey remembered that introductions were a big deal for upper-class people on TV. “Yeah. Literally,” she showed her hand. “I apologize.” “You’ve already apologized too many times. You’ll embarrass me.” She’d managed to keep sarcasm out of her voice. Phasma and Hux sat up straighter and narrowed their eyes and glanced at each other. She smirked and tried to pass it off as a smile, unsubtly. Solo sucked on his teeth. She, and he, knew he hadn’t apologized. He was annoyed. She decided she liked it. “Ben isn’t usually one to make a lot of apologies,” said Phasma. “Oh? I guess I don’t know Mr. Solo very well,” said Rey, sweetly, earnestly. She tried out one of the lines she’d seen rich people say in a soap opera Poe’s mom watched. “He seems perfectly charming.” He enunciated, carefully, each word a tone chosen in the moment, “Please call me Ben.” He held out his hand to her. “Ben,” she said. She held hers out to him. She turned it over and he kissed the back of it. He glanced up with her, a quick, intense, annoyed glance only she caught the meaning of. Look what you made me do , it said. She felt herself flush. She drew it back quickly and smiled, just a little too tight, her lips pressed together, at her brothers. Finn’s mouth was open. Poe was very carefully not cringing. She reached for her water glass with her left hand and rubbed the fingers of her right hand under the table, to try to get the feeling back in them. Her heart was racing. “Well. Isn’t this just so... fancy?” she said, and took a large drink. Chapter 3 : Cipher The waiter droid came back around to refill their drinks. Rey pried meat out of a crab leg in the least genteel way she knew how, defying anyone to find it attractive, then took a dainty bite. Ben stared at her a little too hard and a little too long. “Introduce me to your…?” he pointed at the boys. “Brothers,” she said “Poe and Finn.” “You don’t have the same accent. Where are you from?” he said. “Jakku,” she said, firmly. He didn’t look away from her. “Nice to make your acquaintance,” he said. “Yeah,” Poe muttered. Phasma cut her meat and ate, not daintily, but very properly and intentionally. Rey surreptitiously watched her for fork choice and bite size and imitated. Poe caught this, and he looked at Rey, then Ben, then back again. “So, uh, what is it you do, Ben?” asked Poe. “Security contracting. Mostly the First Order as a client.” He glanced over at Finn. “We compensate former Stormtroopers well.” “Once a Stormtrooper, always a Stormtrooper,” corrected Phasma. Finn nodded and cleared his throat. “Oh, Thanks. I like my current job.” “You make shirts?” Ben asked, looking away from Rey the first time. “I, uh, draw the graphics, yeah.” Rey straightened her t-shirt for the other three to look at. Hux and Phasma glanced. “Is that what your degree is in? Design?” asked Phasma. Finn nodded. “Just an associate’s, but yeah.” “I can find you a job in the Ministry of Truth. Art is very important to the spirit of the people and the Supreme Leader.” Rey’s lips went numb. Poe and Finn stopped breathing. The Ministry of Truth was the propaganda arm of the First Order government. It was elite, and small, and its membership secret. It was not a small thing to claim to have connections in it. She glanced at Hux and Phasma and Ben. At their pin-neat clothes without a thread out of place; not a chip in Phasma’s nail polish. She looked at Ben’s body language. He’d relaxed into his chair, but all wrong. The outer muscles of his thigh were tight, as if he were a spring coiled, waiting to unleash. It was as if he’d observed, but not really experienced, what a man at ease might be like. She looked at the tension in Ben’s angular face, at the tension between genteel dispassion and half-cocked fanaticism. They were not contractors. No way. “I’ve, uh, noticed the Ministry of Truth doesn’t really like non-representational stuff,” said Finn, after a pause. “That’s kind of my thing. Thank you very much, it’s an honor—” Phasma cut him off. “Abstract art is trash for the masses,” Phasma said. “We celebrate the real. You are young. You will mature.” She reached into her jacket and pulled out a silver case, which she flipped open. Her nails were painted to match her skin. She retrieved two cards and a silver pen, and handed them to Finn. She correctly guessed Finn didn’t have one. Finn and Poe glanced at one another. Finn said, his voice a little hollow, “If the Supreme Leader wants me to serve, how could I refuse?” He wrote his number on one and handed it back. “Here here,” said Phasma. “You may not have seen combat, but you’re a credit to the academy. To the Supreme Leader.” They all raised their glasses. “So, whatcha up to for this afternoon?” said Poe. “I think we’re considering the lecture,” said Hux. “Oh, well, I hope you enjoy it,” said Rey. Finn opened his mouth. Poe pinched him under the table, and he shut it. The three older people at the table glanced at one another. — Rey, Poe, and Finn excused themselves and walked as fast as they could without looking as if they were fleeing. They waited for an empty elevator. As soon as the doors closed, Finn leaned against the wall of the elevator. “Shit,” he said. “I am so sorry—“ said Poe. “You’d better be!” Finn pulled the card out of his wallet “What am I supposed to do with this? She’s going to call. I can’t turn this down, Poe. They’ll ask why.” “He didn’t know,” said Rey, quietly. “It’s not his fault.” Finn covered his face with his hands. “Why does it have to be me?” he muttered. “I’m sorry,” said Poe. “That’s not good enough. I had to enlist. I had to do the Academy. You guys— Poe you got to be in the hospital. You got to do something about it. I had to cheer when they fucking wiped out Hosnia. Do you know what that did to me? I—“ “Finn,” said Rey. She glanced up at the corner of the elevator. There was a camera pointed at them. They had no idea if there was a microphone. Finn’s lips went ashen. Poe embraced his brother. Poe slowly inched him under the camera, into its blind spot. “I would have gone instead if I could. I’m sorry,” whispered Poe. “We couldn’t stop them.” “You lost.” “Yeah.” “You guys need to stop talking,” said Rey, shakily. Poe looked up at her and pulled away from Finn. He tore a page out of his notebook and held it out. She crept under the camera and took it. “What’s this?” “Check your phone. Memorize and burn that. Figure it out.” She swallowed. — Poe was two years older than Finn, the eldest. Poe got into his accident two years before the end of the war. When he was still in the hospital, a Stormtrooper came knocking. Finn was the only able-bodied person of age. They would have made Rey go despite being under-aged, but they had a policy of “mercy” for leaving an able-bodied child to take care of aging parents. Poe, in the hospital, did not count. Poe checked himself out of the hospital early and disappeared shortly after they took Finn. Poe’s mom hadn’t reported him missing. They knew what he thought of the First Order before Stormtroopers marched into Jakku. He was dead, executed as a traitor, or had joined the Resistance and was as good as dead. Reporting him missing would put his life and the rest of the family’s in danger. They didn’t hear a word until two days after Hosnia, the Republic capital on the other coast, was vaporized. The war was over. Poe showed up on their doorstep. He was skinny, chapped-lipped and hollow-eyed. His family didn’t ask him where he’d been. As far as they were concerned, he’d come back to life. And soon, Finn came home. Many other sons and daughters had not. Poe had only just started to become his old self, as he started his business and started to believe he had a future after the war. Find a small, unobtrusive niche and have just enough. Lie low. Maybe thrive. Despite themselves, Rey and Finn had almost started to believe, too. It was a stupid dream, anyway. — Poe didn’t have to tell Rey that whatever was on that paper was too important to risk saying aloud. She knew. The door opened. They walked quickly to their room. Finn bolted the door once they were inside. “Can we just leave?” asked Rey. She opened the drawers in the living area, looking for matches. “No,” said Finn. “We gotta be normal for the weekend. They can trace my phone number back to us.” “We’re going to go on the run once this is over,” said Poe. “I have contacts.” “ Don’t talk about that ,” hissed Rey. “We’re nobody. They aren’t listeni—” said Poe She walked up to him and put her finger over his lips. “ Stop. Talking ,” she mouthed. His eyes widened. He sat heavily on the couch. She searched the room for matches the moment she got in, and found some on the ashtray of the bedroom’s balcony. She went into the bathroom and closed the door. She had a text and email from Poe. The text, Poe’s response to “Why is Ben Solo?” said “search ATTACKATDAWN.” She had an email, no subject from an account she didn’t recognize in her spam folder. She checked the time versus when she sent the text to Poe. The email was from five minutes after she sent the text. It was also gibberish. “RizselpXsvl'weca.evggg” The paper was covered in notes from the conference. Most of them were just what the speaker had said. But a few letters, a few odd letters, were underlined. L-E-M-O-N-L-E-M-O-N-L-E-M-O-N— and on. Same letters, same order, until the end of the page. She did not understand. She could not ask. Ben told her not to talk to anyone, and she believed him. She’d already said too much. She burned the letter over the toilet and flushed. She walked out. The next event was soon, and she didn’t have time to contemplate it. — They had to go to an event in the afternoon. They had to be seen. There were a few to choose from and the one they’d registered for— laser tag, seemed like the least likely place to find First Order middle-to-upper management. And yet Phasma and Ben stood in line for the shuttle. Poe stopped in his tracks, but Ben turned and spotted them before he could turn to his siblings. Poe started walking again, recovering beautifully. He smiled. “I didn’t expect to see you two here,” said Poe. “Where’s Hux?” “This... activity isn’t Hux’s style,” said Phasma. Rey refrained from saying it wasn’t Phasma’s either. Ben stared at her. “Since we’ve all hit it off so well. We should be on the same team,” he said. “That’s a great idea!” Rey said, brightly. But then she knit her brows. “Oh, but we came here to network. Maybe we should have a chance to team up with some other people?” “It would be a shame not to spend time with our new friends,” said Phasma emphatically. “Why not on opposite teams?” said Ben. “You can show what you’re capable of.” Rey’s stomach dropped. She thought back to their conversation in the hall, his warning to her. Rey would not be showing what she was capable of. “I think the match is a little unfair. We’re so little ,” Rey said. She swayed back and forth like a child proud of having new shoes and smiled at Ben. He looked away, briefly, his mouth pursed in mild disgust. That got him, she thought. But Rey did have a point; they were unevenly matched. Rey was tall for a woman, as tall as Finn and nearly as tall as Poe, but she was still well under a head shorter than either Phasma or Ben. Both Ben and Phasma had changed to jeans. They had rolled-up and pinned shirtsleeves, which showed off their frightening proportion in sharp relief. Ben was broad-shouldered, his upper arm nearly as large around as Rey’s thigh, and Phasma was nearly as large as he. Rey could see the tense sinew and veins in Ben’s exposed forearms. Rey looked away, as if startled, to Phasma. Ben’s eyes had followed Rey’s. The corners of his mouth twitched. “You have a top of his class Academy graduate,” said Phasma, motioning at Finn. “He’ll be a challenge. But, between us women,” Phasma wrapped her lips around the phrase like it tasted bad, “I think Ben’s taken an interest in you. He may let you win.” Phasma did a poor imitation of sincerity. “You flatter me,” said Rey. Rey’s imitation of sincerity was much better. Chapter 4 : Tag Everyone from the conference who opted up for laser tag piled onto the shuttle. Poe did a quick calculation and stepped between Ben and Phasma when they lined up. He, correctly, guessed that that would mean neither Rey nor Finn would end up sitting next to Ben or Phasma. The shuttle was three seats wide on either side, and he ended up seated next to Ben across the isle. There were about twenty people in total on the trip. The rest of the conference had opted for a speaker or some kind of weird trust exercise thing. Ben, mercifully, had nothing to say to Poe. The shuttle bus bumped along for twenty minutes toward the outskirts of town, where the buildings were flatter and uglier. Not Jakku ugly, but not the ivory towers of Couriscant proper. The driver pulled up next to a squat, ugly building. They piled back out and the driver had them line up outside while he talked to someone at the front desk. Ben folded his arms and leaned against the brick, looking at Rey out of the corner of his eye over Poe’s head. That whole section of wall near the entrance was a different color than the rest of the building, new and unmarred. By contrast, the original brick had pock marks and chunks missing. One brick, high up, had a metal shard jutting out. Before long, they were filing through to a waiting area, and a slightly pudgy mistacho’d man dragged laundry bags full of equipment into the room with the assistance of a scrawny teenage girl. He had a clipboard under his arm with their sizes. He and the girl opened the bags and handed out vests, helmets, arm and knee pads, and laser rifles. He came to Ben and Phasma. “I, uh, don’t get a lot of people in your, uh, size,” he said to both of them. “You got some big heads. I got one set clean.” Phasma and Ben looked at one another and silently. Phasma rolled her eyes and held her hand out. She snatched the helmet and made withering eye contact with Ben as she put the helmet on. It was plastic, shaped like a half-sphere, and had glow paint dabbed on it. “How unfortunate I’m missing out,” said Ben. “I can give you a voucher for next time. Call ahead and we’ll throw a set in the wash for you.” “Please don’t go to any trouble,” replied Ben. Rey, Finn, and Poe had found seats across from the row of seats where Phasma and Ben were sitting. They scrawny girl handed them their equipment. They were not out of their earshot, but nevertheless felt heartened by the physical distance from their creepy keepers. They all felt a weird, giddy energy, like they had when their mother had them hide in the basement while they waited to see if their neighborhood got flattened, and they all wrestled on the floor. A punch-drunk, “we’re fucked” kind of joy. Rey put her helmet on and bit her lip. “How do I look?” “I think you should go out like that,” said Finn. “You should wear that all the time.” “Yeah. Definitely,” said Poe. “Man bait,” said Finn. “You’ll have like, six boyfriends.” “Mm hmm,” Poe brought the helmet up to his head, screwed up his nose, then laughed. “Oh! It smells.” “Men like smells,” said Rey. Finn nodded emphatically. “That’s what I look for in a lady,” he bit his lip and looked off into the distance. His eyes flicked up and down. “’Oh, I bet she smells like a used helmet, damn.’” Rey collapsed into giggles and fell across Finn’s lap sideways. Finn and Poe pinched her on the thigh and shoulder, and she hooted, rolling off of them onto her behind. Phasma leaned over to Ben and whispered, “What the wrong company can do to a First Order elite.” Phasma’s voice wavered, full of conviction. “I’ll create a position for him if I have to.” “Mm,” said Ben. Ben watched Rey hit the the boys with pulled-punches in the shins. Finn helped her back off of her bottom and kissed her on the forehead theatrically, and she kissed him on the nose back. Ben ground his teeth. “I doubt that girl is anything special.” “Maybe you’re right,” he muttered. Phasma looked over at him in surprise. “I don’t hear that often from you.” “I’m usually right.” He continued to stare at Rey. “Is it worth looking into any further? Your chosen method for gathering information this time is… uh….” She paused. Phasma looked between Ben and the girl. Ben, with his legs stretched out in front of him, halfway down the chair, staring across at Rey. Rey, her fingers in her mouth stretching out her cheeks in an ugly face contest with her brothers. “You’re doing this ridiculous thing. I’ll do my part,” he said. All the equipment had been passed out. The pudgy man got their attention. “Listen up, gentlemen. We are at war.” Rey snorted, and her brothers, who may have otherwise held it together slid down their chairs laughing silently. Ben blinked, his mouth open, and looked up. He sank further into his chair. “And, uh, ladies,” added the man, testily. Phasma ran her fingers over her eyebrows, rested them on her temples, and mouthed “Okay.” The laser tag man explained the rules. They had glow paint on their helmets, vests, and wristbands that would show up in one of two colors, and that was their team. They wouldn’t know who was with who until they got into the room, at which point they had ninety seconds to run to their base. There was a target in their base which, if the other team hit, would get them a lot of points. The target would go dark for a few seconds after it was hit, during which time no points would be scored. There was a refresh on their weapon of a couple seconds, so no firing half-assed. Hitting players on the other team also got points, however, so they had to be very careful about just barreling in. They’d know if they were hit if their wristband and vest vibrated. Once they were hit, they had to go back to their own base and shoot their own target to get back in the game. They couldn’t shoot anyone while they were out. They could climb onto any of the terrain, but the tops of some of the terrain were painted yellow. Yellow was out of bounds. Going out of bounds and physical contact with other players was an automatic disqualify and eviction from the game. “Any questions?” “How soon is it over?” asked Phasma. “Twenty minutes.” “I’m kind of excited,” whispered Finn. He nudged Rey. He glanced over at Phasma and Ben. He whispered, behind his hand “Just, uh, let the other team win.” Rey went pale. She caught Ben’s eye across the way. She raised her chin almost imperceptibly as confirmation to Finn. Ben narrowed his eyes at her. She looked away. The scrawny girl opened the doors and checked their equipment as they walked through. There was a large carpeted wall blocking their view of the room. One sign pointed to Red, and the other to Green. “Oh, nobody here gets seizures, right?” she said. Everyone shook their heads. She stood next to a pair of light switches. “Cool. I’ll be ref. Ted’s on cameras. One more time, no physical contact, no stepping on the yellow paint. You have to go in the same direction as your team. When I turn the lights off, you have ninety seconds. Game starts when you hear the horn and the strobe stops. Horn will sound again at the end. You got to leave when it ends, you can’t hide in there and wait for the next game. We check, that gets you a lifetime ban. Cool?” She didn’t wait for a response, she hit both switches, and the room was suddenly illuminated by dim light and a flashing, unpleasant strobe. The paint on their helmets and wrists glowed. They stared at each other. “Hey, Finn’s teeth!” said Rey. “Yours too,” said Poe. They glowed a brilliant blue-white, as did some of the thread in Rey’s shirt. In daylight it was grey, but under the black light it glowed bright white. She was very visible. She, Poe and Finn bore their teeth at one another, laughed, and checked the paint on their wristbands. Poe was Red. Finn and Rey were green. “I’m going to kick your butts,” said Poe. “Try,” said Finn. He and Rey jogged toward green and looked around at their team. Phasma was not on it. They looked around. They saw their team’s target on the wall, a bright green indentation. There were two exits toward the main arena, and a window into the main arena halfway up the half-wall opposite the target. “OK, what do we do?” Rey said. Everyone except for Finn on that team was at least a decade older. “You seem to have a lot of energy,” said a nebbish type, peevishly. “Why are you here?” muttered Finn. “What?” “Ugh, we don’t have time. Rey, you’re quick and you’re hard to miss right now. A game like this, they probably have multiple entrances to the base. You draw them to one side. You guys follow her. I’ll go to the other. Try to keep your backs to a wall or whatever.” He pointed at three guys “You stay here and shoot anyone who isn’t us, OK?” “Why do I have to stay?” “I’ll take turns with you, OK? People, don’t be assholes, tag out the people in the base after you get shot or the base won’t be guarded.” The man nodded, satisfied. The horn sounded. Rey ran like a shot out of the left side of their base. Rey didn’t wait for her eyes to adjust from the strobe, she ran, deftly avoiding obstacles. Their base was in the corner of a large warehouse. The other base would be on the opposite side, she knew. The arena had piles of carpeted plywood boxes to hide behind, the tops painted yellow as out of bounds, but the lower tiers were fair game. Rey bounded up one of them and got flat on her belly. She counted— Three, two, one— and shot. “Ah!” She heard Poe swear and grinned. “First hit of the game!” said a canned voice over the speaker. She frowned, frozen. It was probably too much. She slid off the side of the box and waited for what felt like forever for someone to shoot her. Her vest buzzed and she jogged back to the base. “Jeez, girl. Were you a Stormtrooper?” hissed the nebbish man. She tapped him on the shoulder to tag him in. “Huh?” “I watched you. That was incredible.” “No.” she said. He frowned. “I, uh was too young, but, I really wanted to be. Kind of my dream!” She grimaced as she realized she had maybe taken the lie too far. “If you want it that bad I think they’ll still take you,” he tapped her on the shoulder. “Go back out there.” “Oh, no, it’s your turn.” “Do I look crazy? I wanna win. I’ll go in for the next one. Slay ‘em.” She jogged back out and made a quick survey of the land. Phasma was in the middle of the field. She and Poe were back to back, inching across the room. She raised her weapon and sniped two green soldiers, one after the other from a frightening distance. Rey raised her weapon and fired, a stupid, stupid shot from way too far. It should have made her weapon useless long enough to mess her up. She’d run out, half-cocked, and get shot again without looking like she meant to. Instead, Phasma’s wristband lit up. She threw her head back and smacked the weapon against her thigh before jogging back to her base. Rey cringed. She sucked at sucking. She spotted one of the box pyramids and jogged toward it. Finn jogged from around the corner, having been finally hit. “You letting them win?” he said as he went past her. “I’m trying.” She climbed up the side, to the second level. Two more to go before yellow— She felt something close around her ankle and looked behind her. Phasma, her short hair peeking out from under her helmet bright white in the light, teeth bared, yanked Rey down to the floor and shot her. Rey’s vest buzzed. She was out. “HEY” said one of the players at her base. Phasma smiled wide, and shot him. She turned on her heel and advanced, smiling wide and dangerous. His eyes went wide, and he staggered backward, back into the base. Rey wiped her hand across her face and looked around. The gangly referee girl was nowhere to be seen. “Number 31 is out for contact.” said someone over the speaker. Rey frowned and looked at her wristband. She was 31. She hauled herself up, furious. She pulled her helmet off as she stalked toward the door marked “exit.” She pushed through. “What in the bloody—“ Ben stepped backwards, narrowly avoiding her. “Do you ever look where you are going?” he asked. “Where is that blind idiot!?” “Indisposed.” “What do you—“ He grabbed her by the arm, pulled her away from the doors, and pushed her into the wall. He smacked his palms on either side of her head, leaning forward. “Do you have any idea how difficult you’re making this for me?” he said. “I had to get you out.” “I’m making this har—h— difficult?” she stammered. He rolled his eyes. “You are obvious .” “I’m so glad some First Order snob finds me obvious .” He bent his elbows, leaning closer, snarling. “YOU be careful. You don’t know who you are talking to.” “You think you’re not obvious!? You assholes aren’t subtle either, you know?” she reached up and tugged at his pinned and rolled up dress shirt sleeves. “I don’t know a single fucking person who doesn’t own a t-shirt! ‘Contractor’ my ass !” He opened his mouth. Confusion mixed with rage. “Are you stupid?” he hissed. “No.” “Are you suicidal ?” “No!” “I am trying to—“ he pressed his lips together and smacked the wall again. “There’s only so much I can do.” “Why do you care ?” He stared at her, mouth opened, as if the entire question, whether he cared or why, had never occurred to him. He wet his lips. She looked down at his mouth, then back at his eyes. He had a full mouth, prominent nose, and angular, diamond-shaped face. His black, wavy hair was tucked behind his ears. His eyes were the color of amber. She realized she’d forgotten to breathe, suddenly, and gasped for air. He pushed back from the wall, away from her, and rubbed his face in his hands. “This is ridiculous,” he said. “Why did you kiss my hand?” she said, quietly still leaning against the wall. “Oh, hell ,” he said. “No, why?” “You, in your effort to piss me off, got Phasma and Hux’s attention,” he said, voice straining to maintain an imitation of cool detachment. “They think I’ve been trying to… get information from a silly young woman.” She swallowed. “How?” she whispered. He threw himself back to the wall, hands back on either side of her head and bore his teeth from her, inches from her head. “Do not fuck with me right now! You know how!” he hissed. Her lip trembled. “You didn’t have to make them think that. Y— you could have done anything else.” “You didn’t give me much time to think!” She breathed like a frightened rabbit. Her eyes darted back and forth. Not at him, but through him, past him. Behind herself. Through the wall. “Someone’s coming.” she said. His eyes widened. “Who?” It was emphatic, unconfused. He had no doubt she knew. “Ph-Phasma.” His eyes darted back and forth, looking at and through the door. Rey lifted her head in sudden recognition of a look she’d had but never seen in someone else. He saw Phasma coming too. Through the wall. “ Oh !” Rey exclaimed. He looked down. Her mouth was open. “You’re like m—” Two things happened at once. The door made a loud “chunk” as someone heavy shoved it open. Ben pushed off the wall, grabbed Rey’s face in his hands, tilted his own and kissed her. She gasped and his full, wet tongue shoved into her mouth. She grabbed him around his forearms and, confused, pulled inwards. He pushed her into the wall, still kissing her. Her heart beat loud in her ears. Her brain caught up with her body. Phasma hadn’t gone. Phasma was staring. Phasma was not convinced. Rey shakily let go of his wrists and tentatively brought her hands up, one around his shoulder, the other running up his neck and through his hair. It had something in it, slightly greasy. Rey heard Phasma chuff in derision and walk out the storefront door. He waited a beat. Two beats. He drug his bottom lip against hers as he pulled away. Ben pushed off the wall and turned to look. Phasma knocked on the bus door to be let back in. He turned back to Rey. She wiped away tears. “That bad?” he said, ruefully. “It’s— it’s just stress. I’m not mad. It’s just stress.” She rubbed her hand onto her shirt to get the pomade off. He nodded. His breath, calm through the kiss, started getting heavy. “Come to dinner with me?” She froze. “ What ?” “You’re going to be hungry in the evening,” he said. “Are you asking me out ?” “You can’t look up ‘attack at dawn.’” She turned her head and looked at him out of the corner of her eyes. “I don’t know what that means. That’s not an answer.” “The text was displayed on your phone’s lock screen. If you put that phrase into a search engine, someone’ll look into who it is and it’ll be reported to Hux within a day. It’s exactly the kind of thing Hux is looking for.” “W-what should I do?” “Come to dinner with me,” he answered. He glanced out the door. “Phasma’s waiting.” He tossed his hands up as if he were used to having longer sleeves to push away, and ran his fingers through his hair to straighten it before striding toward the door. “W-what am I supposed to tell my brothers?” “ Lie ,” he said, and he was out the door. Chapter 5 : Stay Rey removed her laser tag vest and pads where she stood and stepped out of the lobby into the chilly air. It was late fall. The sun hung low in the sky behind their shuttle. It was only about three thirty, but it set around five in their part of the world and that time of year. Ben easily took the high step into the shuttle without even using the rail. One of the windows toward the back of the shuttle slid open. A helmet and a kneepad clattered onto the pavement with a hollow plastic clatter, followed by Phasma’s vest and other pads. Rey approached the shuttle and contemplated whether having a single witness, the driver, would be enough to prevent outright violence. The driver made eye contact with her and motioned to pull the handle to open the doors. She waved him off and hugged close to the side of the shuttle, kicking gravel. Her ankle hurt a little from being tugged, but she ignored it. The windows were above her head. She couldn’t see the passengers, and they couldn’t see her. She approached Phasma’s discarded helmet and vest and kicked them. Something shiny slid out. Rey recognized what it was and fell on it, quickly and shoved it in her pocket. She had Phasma’s phone. It was Phasma’s phone . Rey contemplated not returning it. She stood and wiped her hands on her jean legs, rubbed her hands together to get the feeling back in her fingertips. “Are you cold?” She looked up. Ben leaned out the window above her. “I’m fine.” She wet her lips. “How— where will we meet?” He glanced at the seat in front of him, toward the window where Phasma had thrown her pads out. He gave her a strange, dead-eyed smile before closing the window and sitting. Her own phone buzzed in her pocket. She pulled it out. From a number not in her phone: “ Lobby, 6pm .” He knew her phone number. She never gave him her number. She searched for some kind of emotional reaction. She found herself empty. She wiped a little moisture away from the corner of one eye, but felt nothing. She typed in. “ what is ph’s unlock code? ” She waited for her phone to buzz again. “ ? ” “ i know u know ” She waited. The phone buzzed. “ 3466 ” Just like that. Anticlimactic. Easy. Uncomplicated. She added “Handsy” to her contact list and shoved her phone back in her pocket. She contemplated using Phasma’s phone to do the search later that night. Clear the browser history. Ditch the phone. Get out of town before the missing phone was tied back to her. Never see Phasma or Ben again. Ben wasn’t stupid. He knew exactly the opportunity he’d handed her. She walked hurriedly to the shuttle doors and tapped on them to be let in. They swung inward. She gave the driver a tight smile and walked toward the back of the bus. Phasma was in a middle seat, next to Ben. Rey pulled Phasma’s phone out of her pocket. “You dropped this,” she said. Phasma and Ben narrowed their eyes at her, for different reasons. Phasma snatched the phone. “You’re only just giving it back?” “I didn’t have to pick it up at all. You cheated.” Phasma smiled. “I played the game the way it was supposed to be played.” “Did you get banned?” “For life,” Phasma said with a beatific pride. “You had fun,” accused Rey. Phasma blinked, surprised Rey had divined even the most obvious hidden feeling. She glanced over at Ben, who had regained his composure. He seemed unperturbed by the challenge the Rey’s impertinence represented. Phasma stood. Rey came up to her chest. Phasma squared her shoulders and stood, in the isle, face-to-tits with Rey, chest out and straight, back cracking as she straightened. Rey looked up at her. Phasma took a step back and held her hand out, offering her seat to Rey. Rey took it. She wouldn’t look at Ben. Phasma sat next to her in the isle seat, flanking her, boxing her in. Phasma looked straight ahead, self-satisfied smirk on her face. Ben leaned in, pressed his nose above her ear. Rey looked up at the shuttle ceiling. His hand slid over her thigh. She gabbed it and entwined her fingers with his, pressing down as hard as she could. “What are you doing?” he whispered. Rey glanced at Phasma to see if she'd heard him. “I— I guess I didn’t want to miss dinner.” The shuttle doors opened. Finn and Poe were the first on. They took in the scene. Rey, and Phasma, board straight, Phasma’s eyes hooded, bored, and Rey’s wide open. Ben leaned over, in Rey’s ear. Poe grabbed Finn’s forearm and dug his fingertips in. They both tensed. Rey nodded her head upwards and smiled thinly at her brothers. “We should get dinner early,” Rey said. Ben turned his head to look. She brushed his hand off of her thigh. Her brothers started cautiously down the aisle. “I’ve, uh, asked Mr. Solo to dinner,” she said, pre-empting them. The boys stopped in the aisle next to them. Other passengers rolled their eyes and took seats toward the front of the shuttle, away from the drama. “Sit,” Rey hissed around Phasma. The boys filed into the row of seats in front of Phasma, Rey, and Ben. Finn had his calm, impassive, “in-the-shit” face on. Poe’s face twisted with little emotions. “Where you headed to?” Rey glanced at Ben for the answer. “Nova. Downtown.” “That’s a nice place, I hear,” said Poe. “You’ve heard of it?” asked Phasma, the way she might ask a farm animal who’d taken an interest in fine dining. “I think I saw it on TV, once. They did a thing on it.” He glanced at Rey and smiled and said, genially, almost as if he were teasing, “What do you see in this guy?” “I….” “You get my message?” Poe asked. Rey’s eyebrows went down, then up. Her phone hadn’t buzzed. She hadn’t gotten anything from him since he’d sent— Oh , she thought. “Y…Yes.” Poe nodded. He glanced back at Finn. “Let’s sit.” “You’re cool with this?” said Finn. “She can go to dinner with who she wants. We’ll talk,” said Poe. Finn’s eyes met Rey’s. His stony facade melted away into a pitiful, pleading look. “I’m OK,” Rey mouthed. Finn finally nodded turned, and sat. He glanced back through a gap in the seat nervously. Rey hated herself the rest of the long ride to the hotel. They all got off the shuttle. Phasma stood between Rey’s brothers, and Ben put his hand on Rey’s back. They stepped off. Phasma pulled aside a droid to call a vehicle. “You’re going to need to change before dinner,” said Finn, in one last-ditch attempt. “We’ll find something for her,” said Phasma. Finn couldn’t handle it any more. He turned and walked inside. Poe gave them a tight smile. “It’s, uh, hard to see your sister dating,” he said, and hurried behind Finn. A black car pulled up. Ben opened the door for Rey and climbed in after. Phasma held the door waited for Ben to slide down, and looked surprised when he pulled on the handle. He buckled himself in. “Hm?” she said. “The reservation is for two,” said Ben, tersely. Phasma tilted her head, peering at him from the corner of her eye. “Oh?” “Just a friendly dinner, Phasma, for now.” “You’re not a friendly man,” she said. “She seems to like that about me.” Phasma chuffed and loosened her grip on the door. He pulled it shut. “Mule and First,” said Ben to the driver. The driver put the car into gear. Ben unpinned his shirt sleeves and rolled them down. He discarded the pins in a cupholder, throwing one down, then the other. “They have a dress code. I’m not buying a jacket for this or getting you a dress. We’ll have to look terrible.” “Thanks.” He jabbed his finger at her, inches from her face. “You should have left. You had a chance. There will be few more.” Rey glanced up at the driver. They weren’t quite free to speak frankly. “I figured if you have my phone number, I couldn’t really get away.” “You’re lying to me,” he said. “ I’m lying!?” she glanced up at the driver and leaned in closer to whisper, “Why do you have my number?” She was very close, face upturned to his, lips parted. He shifted and leaned back a little. “It’s not hard for someone like me to get a number if I want it.” “Yeah, you wanted mine .” He leaned back in his seat, legs far apart, moving with the uncomfortable pent-up energy which only simmered below the surface. “There aren’t a lot of people like me.” “Have you met any?” “One or two. It… went poorly.” “Really? Something you did?” her voice dripped with sarcasm. He turned to her, abruptly. “Did you ever steal?” he said, “During the war.” “No,” she said, too quickly. “You did. You were, what, fifteen maybe? Was it cheese? You were in that section of the store. You were on camera. The owner declined to report it. Did you… convince him?” Rey opened her mouth. She swallowed. She said, slowly, “Dad died. Poe and Finn were gone. We— I couldn’t find a job for a couple weeks. I—” He waved his hand, uninterested in the details. “We live within constraints we don’t choose. One accepts them or dies. I can’t just disappear. You still could.” “Have you,” she glanced at the driver. She leaned in again and whispered, “have you killed anyone?” “Of course.” He did not whisper. “Did you want to?” “Not all of them.” “Why— why wouldn’t you just… die instead?” He peered down at her. He put his hand on her knee. “Would you prefer that? If I just… disappeared, now that you know someone like you exists?” Rey couldn’t bring herself to answer. A quick, odd, giddy smile passed over his face too quickly for him to quash it entirely. “I had an idea of how this might go. A few ideas. We’ve been planning this for a while. Someone like me is very hard to find. They could recruit, or…” his face twisted in disgust, “make more. Pretty hard to recruit someone your age who isn’t already a fanatic. They took me young. You’re not exactly attending the First Order party meetings, are you? You like working on cars, jogging, reading. Solitary tasks, not a lot of people. Your mother. Your adopted family. Real things.” Rey rubbed her mouth with the back of her hand. “You don’t know me. W-what gives you the right…?” Ben pulled his hand back from her knee, as if it had suddenly turned white-hot. He put his elbows on his knees and sunk forward, fingers pressed into the back of his own scalp. “They had me look into you, at length. Based on some combination of behavior, a computer thought you might have the gift. I watched footage. I read texts, emails. Homework assignments. Months of— Two adults with our… gifts at once, working for the Order, was a possibility. I convinced them. I worked to convince them. There were so many ways this could go,” he said. “You thought I’d join you?” He sunk further forward, hunched, shoulder blades touching. He shook his head ‘no,’ emphatically. His voice dropped to a hollow, strained husk of its usual baritone. “I… I didn’t think you’d want to stay. I don’t know why you’re staying.” He stared at the back of the seat in front of him. The driver pulled up to the curb. “Is that what you wanted?” said Rey. “I told you to run.” “That’s not an answer.” His mouth twitched. He made a decision. “It’s still not too late for you,” he said. Ben unbuckled himself lunged forward in one smooth motion, his arm suddenly around the neck of the driver, pinning him to the seat. The driver grasped at Ben’s forearm. Ben jerked his arm backwards, holding the driver tight. “You’re not going to remember how you got here,” said Ben. The driver made a strange, strangled choking noise. Rey felt a nauseating, sharp energy press hard into the driver’s head, pressing like a drill into his mind. She winced, feeling it second-hand. “Relax,” said Ben. The man went limp. Ben probed within the man’s head and tore out the offending thoughts, shredding through them. Ben let him go. The driver blinked and started to sob. Ben let him go. He put his elbows on his knees and rubbed his hands over his scalp. He glanced back at Rey, who stared, horrified. “You rather I killed him? He’ll be fine in a few weeks,” he said. Rey didn’t relax. Ben’s voice took on a desperate, manic edge. “He’s one of ours. He would have reported what we said when we stepped out.” Rey nodded, finally. She understood. Ben took a breath and calmed down a little. Rey swallowed. A droid valet opened the door for her, and she stepped out. “Our driver seems to be having a medical emergency,” said Ben to the droid as he got out after Rey. “Noted, sir. I am making a report to emergency services as we speak.” Ben closed the car door behind them. Through the door, Rey could hear the driver start to scream. “I could run now,” Rey said. He looked up and down the street for anyone he knew. The sun had set. This section of Couriscant had warm, flickering gas lamps illuminating the white marble and old red brick buildings along the canal. The canal ran parallel to the restaurant, under its great bay windows. Tourists could take gondola rides. A few couples, arm in arm, walked up one of the prettiest streets in one of the prettiest cities in the world and looked only at one another. Ben didn't see anyone he knew. He nodded, slightly. His face relaxed into a pained, relieved acceptance. She turned and started walking back toward the hotel briskly. She pulled her phone out to call the boys to come pick her up. She heard a soft noise behind her. A soft, heavy thud. A droid said “Are you all right, sir?” “Yes.” She looked over her shoulder. He’d sat on the sidewalk, leaning against the car, folded in on himself, legs bent at odd angles, back crooked. He looked wretched. “Oh, hell ,” she muttered, sliding her phone back into her pocket. She turned around and shouted. “ Hey , asshole!” He looked up at her. She jogged the few feet back and bent, hands on knees to speak to him. “Tell me about ‘attack at dawn.’” “It doesn’t matter.” “Fuck you, I want to know. You look like money. Buy me dinner.” He looked up at her. Color drained from his face, the whites of his eyes visible. He was terrified , she realized. He nodded. Chapter 6 : Encoded Ben stood and brushed the back of his off. The driver in the car they’d arrive in was still screaming as paramedics pulled up. Ben looked at the ground, sniffed deeply through his nose, and ran his hand through his hair before squaring his shoulders, composed once more. Only then did he look her in the eye, as if seeing her for the first time that night. But not as if they’d never met. — Rey could not read minds, not really. Not voluntarily, and she never got any information she found useful. Rarely, she’d feel someone be happy when they smiled, or the flicker of an image here or there. The problem was it was impossible to know what information was important or true. It was impossible to know what was a lie, or a fantasy, or just an ignored impulse. Rey ignored most of what she picked up and watched what people did. What people chose to do was far more useful to Rey than what they thought of doing and ignored. But Ben was like her, and Ben’s thoughts dwelled on her, and Ben had begun to relax in her company. Maybe, because of that, she picked up from him the most complete image she’d ever gotten. — Ben looked at her if they had met like the other couples arm in arm on First street. They’d met in a cafe earlier that day and he had asked her about her sketchbook, something like that. As if she had asked him out, and he, baffled, had said “yes,” a little too quickly. And here he was: unpolished, eager, afraid to seem too eager. “You look wonderful,” Ben said. His usual agonized intensity had been replaced with simple and complete sincerity. Or that man from his fantasy had said it. And Ben, pretending to be him, fantasizing, said it aloud. Behind Rey and Ben, the paramedics smacked on the glass to try to get the driver’s attention as he screamed. The door was locked. One of them sighed and pulled a pointed tool out of his pocket. He stepped to the back door of the car, arm reared back. Two loud cracks and the glass shattered, and the screams echoed off of the tall marble buildings of Coruscant’s first street. Rey flinched at the noise, but could not look away from Ben’s face. His full mouth. The interesting way the light hit his angular features. Ben offered her his arm, and she took it, and they walked into the restaurant as the driver behind them was finally sedated. The man at the host stand looked them up and down and sneered. Rey still had her blazer and torn jeans on. Her hair had fallen out of its messy undo a little, and the baby hairs around her temple were less-than-clean from running around in a plastic helmet. Ben’s attire was better, but still not acceptable in his creased shirtsleeves and no tie. There was a dress code. The host, however, hesitated. Ben was both tall and long-limbed for his height. His shirt cuff hit him below the wrist and above the knuckle of his thumb, exactly where it should. The seam of his shirt sat on the bone of his wide shoulders. The shirt cut in at his waist just so. The host spotted Ben’s shoes, at the tone of the leather and hand-stitching. To the host, who had seen money, Ben’s shirt screamed ‘money.’ His shoes, however, were unmistakably from the same cobbler that made the Supreme Leader’s shoes. “Do you have a reservation, sir?” said the host. “I have a standing reservation.” “Absolutely,” said the host. “This way.” He walked them toward a table near the window, overlooking the canal. Ben eyed the waitstaff, half human, half silver humanoid droids polished to a high sheen. “No droids,” said Ben. “We’re on Party business.” “I understand,” the host changed directions. “We’ll sit you at the chef’s table.” “Thank you.” The host led them back through the swinging doors into the kitchen. The chef glanced up and made a face at how they were dressed before catching the pale, drawn look on the host’s face. In a corner of the kitchen sat a long table with a bench on either side. It and the benches were made of solid slabs of wood, long enough to accommodate four people on either side. Ben sat on the bench on the of the table facing the door, back against the wall. He slid down and patted the spot next to him. She took a breath and followed his suggestion. “May I get you anything to drink?” “Water for me. I seem to have left my notebook and pencil, would you be so kind as to provide one?” “Of course. And for the lady?” “Uh, water.” The host stiffly walked quickly over to the chef. Rey could not hear them over the clatter of the kitchen, but the chef’s body language changed at whatever the host said to him, his face going as pale as the host’s. The host hurried off, toward a door into what Rey assumed must be the manager’s office. “No droids?” inquired Rey. “They can be hacked,” he said. He cleared his throat. “Tell me about yourself.” She made a face at him and nudged him with her elbow. “What don’t you know?” He tightened his lower lip and said, lowly, “What would you like me to know?” She looked down, away, and tucked a few loose hairs behind her ear. “I, uh, I don’t know. I’m adopted? You already know that.” “I’m interested in hearing about it.” The host, who had taken it upon himself to wait upon them personally, came with their waters and two very, very small morsels of food on little pedestals, and a notebook and pencil under his arm. He placed each on the table. “Tonight’s the fixed menu, sir,” he said, nervously. “But we can—“ Ben nodded and waived the host off. “Do you remember your parents?” Ben asked. “Not well. Just a couple things.” He nodded. “Same here.” He took a sip of water. Rey’s mouth hung open. He caught the look and hurriedly put his water down. “We are not related.” “Okay. Okay. Uh, good.” He smirked at her. “Would that be a problem?” “It would make today really…. You know what, no. That would not make it weirder.” she pointed at the white ball of food in front of her. “How do I eat this?” He picked it up between his fingers and looked at it before putting the whole thing in his mouth. She followed suit. She chewed and swallowed. It was rich, with an interesting consistency. “I think it’s a quail egg,” he said. He pulled the napkin off his silverware and wiped his mouth. She nodded. “Some kind of egg. They made a big production of it, huh?” “What would you expect?” "This isn’t really my scene. Is this my, uh, recruitment offer or something? Showing me the Party lifestyle?” He nodded. “It’s part of it. Do you ever get lonely?” She laughed. “Of course.” He didn’t laugh. He leaned over and whispered, “This is the part where I’m supposed to ask you if you’ve ever felt like you were part of something bigger. Something you can’t put your finger on. Something you can’t express to anyone. Something you desperately wish someone else saw in you.” His breath was on her ear. She nodded, slightly. “What should I say?” “You’re supposed to say ‘yes,’” he whispered. He leaned back again and said, in a normal tone of voice, “— because everyone feels that way. Don’t they?” She chuffed, “And I’m, uh, supposed to fall for that?” He looked down at her with hooded lids and said, in a low, sweet rumble, “Have you?” He wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her closer to him. His fingers touched a spot of bare skin on her side. She smacked at them and he pulled away. She felt herself flush. She rubbed her hands across her face. “You’re kind of a dick, you know that?” He nodded. “You tell me about you,” she said, peevishly. “What do you want to know?” She thought a beat. “Have you been here?” “To this restaurant?” he said, perplexed. She nodded. “I have not.” “But they can tell you’re a big deal.” He shifted uncomfortably. “What’s your job?” “Second in command of the Intelligence Office.” She swallowed. The identity of Intelligence Office members was closely held information. It was an open, unconfirmed secret who the head of the Office was, but the rest of the membership was kept under tight wraps. “So-so your boss is— is third in line—“ “If something happens to the Supreme Leader, yes.” “You, uh, had to be awfully loyal to get that job.” “I have been very useful , and they’ve gilded my cage,” he hissed. “You’ve collaborated to save your own skin.” He smacked the table, knocking over a glass. He pointed at her. “ Absolutely ! Absolutely,” he licked his lips and looked up at the chefs, who knew better than to look over at them. He breathed hard and kept his voice low enough to be covered by the clatter of pots and pans He continued, whispering, “I have been alone all of my goddamn life, and I am not quite crazy enough to die for your warm regard.” he spat. His mood turned quickly, softer, bubbling over, “I would… I would kill for it. You have no idea, how long I’ve wait—“ he stopped, frustrated and settled finally on something almost calm. “There are a lot of good, dead men who died anonymous, firm in their convictions, and completely pointlessly . I won’t let anyone slit my throat to please you or anyone. Not while there’s more for me to do. Do you understand me?” Rey shook her head and pursed her lips. The host came by to wipe off the table and bring them their entrees. It was some sort of fish. He left. “I’m not sure what I wanted from this,” she muttered. “You wanted to hear about ‘attack at dawn.’” he said. Her head jerked up, “Yeah. What’s that?” He pushed away his plate and put the pad of paper down in front of him. “Attackatdawn, one word, was the username of someone who showed up on an internet chat room frequented by the resistance about two years before the bombing of Hosnia. Actually, based on known associations, field agents suspected it was your brother.” “Poe?” He shook his head, “Finn. Poe was eventually his contact, from what the internal reports say. We’ve kept an eye on them since the end of the war. That’s why we ran across you at all, actually, gathering information on them, trying to find other members of the Resistance, deciding if and when we’re going to kill them. Phasma will be crushed if Hux tells her. However this turns out, you should convince them to disappear after dinner. The southern border is not too far, they might make it. Your food’s getting cold, by the way.” Rey dutifully took a bite. It might as well have been ashes in her mouth. “Why didn’t they tell me?” “I assume they love you. Anyway, he or she, we never really got proof positive— attackatdawn leaked the First Order’s one time pad book. We know because for about six months, the Resistance was able to evacuate villages and sabotage operations. Do you know what a one time pad is?” She shook her head. “It’s a simple and unbreakable encryption that’s easy to do on the spot, if you know how. I assume you have an email with a jumble of letters? May I see it?” Rey shook her head emphatically no. He grinned. “Good. It’s nonsense anyway, ignore it. The way attackatdawn did it, there’s an image embedded in the email. Probably looks like punctuation. Open it with a text editor, the first few lines are called ‘metadata.’ There’ll be a string of numbers in the metadata. That’s your encoded message. There’s a second part, a key. Do you have something that looks like it might be a key? It has to be at least as many characters as the code, so it might be long. He would have had you memorize and burn it, most likely. If it was short, it repeated.” Rey nodded. “What was it?” he asked. “L-lime.” He frowned, “Please tell me that’s not it.” “It’s not.” “ Tell me your key is not a word,” he said, exasperated. “It should be random. Words in the dictionary are not random. Non-random makes it breakable.” “M-maybe he didn’t think I could remember it.” Ben rolled his eyes. “Or the Resistance lost because of amateur nonsense just like that. Fine, it can’t be helped now. I’ll show you how one-time pads work.” He wrote down, in messy block letters: ATTACKATDAWN “No spaces. The letter X is punctuation. Negatives, like ‘do not,’ are repeated, as in ‘do not go, repeat, do not. The letters are grouped together in twos—” AT TA CK AT DA WN, he wrote. “— And assigned numerical values. Let’s pretend he did standard A equals 01 and all that, for simplicity. It’s not always.” He wrote: 0120 2001 0311 0120 0401 2314 “If the key is, say, ‘lime,’ it’s also put into blocks. If your message is longer than the key, repeat the key.” LI ME LI ME LI ME LI ME 1209 1305 1209 1305 1209 1305 1209 1305 “It gets a little confusing here, but he’d put the first block of numbers in the key is placed the front of the code to indicate to the receiver part of the key at which the encoder is starting. This is for longer, re-usable keys. Just think of it as grammar and ignore it.” She glared at him. He continued, looking apologetically at her. “Anyway, you use simple arithmetic,” he said. He wrote the first set of numbers out again, and underlined the result, and labeled each part. Message: 1209 0120 2001 0311 0120 0401 2314 Key: 1209 1305 1209 1305 1209 1305 Encoded: 1329 3306 1520 1425 1610 3619 “That's it," he said" That’s your code. To decode, you’d do the process backward. Subtract the key from the code to get the message, then change back to the alphabet. Done correctly, it’s mathematically impossible to crack. Easy to produce on the spot, even for your brother, with practice.” “What if it’s done wrong?” “If it’s really ‘lime,’ four non-random letters, it’ll be cracked in hours. If you are very lucky. They’re watching him closely.” “It’s five letters.” “Then you might have until tomorrow.” Rey rubbed her face. “Do you need to go?” he said. She nodded, pale. “Do you need to eat?” she countered. He hadn't touched his food. “I’ve lost my appetite,” he said. He handed her the notebook, pulled his wallet out of his pocket, and tossed a wad of bills on the table. They hurried out, past the objecting, obsequious host. Rey shivered in the night air and tucked her hands into her armpits. A tow truck had come for the car. The driver was gone. “It’s not safe to take a cab, is it?” she asked. Ben shook his head “They’re all droids. Hackable. Would you allow me to walk you back?” he said. She nodded. It was a couple of miles. Rey, in her blazer and jeans, was a little better dressed than Ben in his wool pants and shirt. They crossed their arms over their chests and walked briskly down the street. “Thank you for letting me take you to dinner,” he said. It was that same relaxed, sweet tone from his fantasy self. Poe might be dead soon, he probably had something to do with that, and he was still caught up in some day dream this had been a date. “So, we met in a cafe?” she said. “… What? ” “This is our first date. We met earlier today, right?” “I’m not talking about this.” He slowed and lagged a step behind her. That took some doing, his stride was naturally longer than hers. “You done this before? Spied on a girl for months. Get a weird crush on her? Usually guys just think about fucking me. You wanna play house.” “Please stop,” he said. “It’s actually weirder,” she said. She heard him stop behind her, and she turned. “What? You want someone to know what it’s like to be you, right? You think if I knew you, I’d like you? Do you like you?” He winced. “I am doing everything I can,” he said. “To what?” “I— I have delayed them killing Poe. I have convinced them Finn had nothing to do with it. For months. I bought time. I can only do so much.” “Save him,” she said. She caught another flash from Ben. Poe, his lip split and bloodied, in the back of a van. Ben’s hands had unlocked the cuffs on Poe’s wrists. They were in a moving vehicle, a van. Poe had looked at Ben in shock, rubbing his wrists. Poe, suddenly, had grinned. “It is you,” Poe had said, and had tackled Ben, in the same way Poe tackled his brother and his sister when he was overjoyed to see them. The same way Ben had seen dozens of times on dozens of videos of the trio. Ben had been overwhelmed. He’d had no way to cope with someone happy to see him. The image ended. “I can’t,” said Ben bitterly. “You’re lying,” she sneered. “He’s not your brother. You’re not my boyfriend .” He shook his head emphatically. “It’s gone so wrong. I— I don’t have family, I don’t have a life . This is my life, and I am trapped. So I fantasize. You might not believe it, but it keeps me sane . I do what needs to be done. It’s nothing to do with you. I have a right to—“ “To a private life? Right? Right!?” she yelled. He put his finger to his mouth, pleading for her to quiet down, looking down the street. One or two people, far down the street stared at them. She didn’t care. “ Do you want my life? My family? You want to fuck me? What do you want from me?” He grabbed her by the upper arms. “I want you to live ,” he hissed. “That’s all I want from you.” “That is my decision,” she snarled. “ Mine, you arrogant son of a bitch . So fucking grabby, so fucking possessive. You don’t even ask me what I want! You would fuck me if I gave you half a chance.” He looked at her, exasperated, pleading to be quiet, but she was defiant, her face red with fury. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back. He loosened his grip on her arms. He slid his hands down her arms until her hands were in his. He looked at them. “You are a beautiful, smart, talented young woman, and I would be a fool to turn you down if that were what you wanted. I know it’s not.” He looked back at her face, finally. “You win. I will do what I can to help your brother. All right? Even if it kills me. I’ll try.” “You swear?" He nodded. “Yes. Just… let’s be friends. Just for the walk back.” Rey jerked her hands away from his, turned, and started walking again. She heard him walking behind her. After a few blocks, her rage began to subside. He was an ass. He was entitled. He had no right to spy on her or touch her. He was unstable. He was doing his best, even though it was not good enough, and she supposed that deserved a little pity. She held her hand out, to her side and stopped walking. She heard him stop behind her. She glanced over her shoulder, looked him up and down. “Are you coming?” she said. He cautiously, slowly walked up beside her, arms across his chest. He looked down at her. She tapped him on the side. “Well?” He looked at her hand and then her face. “Aren’t your hands cold?” Rey said. He nodded. “Mine isn’t,” she said. He was not stupid. He knew pity. But pity was closer to a real human connection than he had felt in a very, very long time. Gently, carefully, he reached down. His cool, long fingers entwined with hers. They walked, hand in hand, quickly, silently, back to the hotel. Chapter 7 : Upwards Ben pointed at a building as they passed, a three blocks from the hotel. "That's where I work," he said. It was one of those nondescript, straight, tooth-like buildings the New Order favored building where the city had burned. It was at the intersection of where they were walking and a wide boulevard. Down that intersecting road, down a steep hill, was the dome of the Capital, bone white, lit up, mirrored in a reflecting pool and flanked by cherry and decorative maple trees. The bare cherry trees looked like inky hands lazily clawing at the sky. The maples, however, were vibrant, fiery reds and oranges. The light of the city drowned out all but the few defiant, brightest stars. There were no cars coming. Rey and Ben wandered to the median in the middle of the wide road. There was a little six-inch half-wall, and she hopped up on it for a better view. It put her nearly at eye-level with Ben. The wind swept through, right through them, and they each reflexively pulled their hands in closer, fingers still intertwined. They stood, shoulder to shoulder, panting long trails of mist. His shoulder radiated heat. He gasped, very quietly. Rey concentrated. His chest hurt. There was a dull, terrible, hollow ache right in the center of his sternum. "I guess winter will be here soon," said Rey. "Hm?" he said. "I, uh. Well, I hear leaves like that are a fall thing around here," she said, nodding toward the maples in the Capital mall. "We don't really have seasons in Jakku. Sometimes there's a shower and the desert's covered with flowers. No trees, though." He nodded and thought. He studied the view. She felt he was aware of her watching his mind, watching how his body reacted. He did not try to hide but felt a delicate, strange embarrassment at her curiosity. His skin was flushed from the cold. He tensed, trying not to shiver. Rey made no such effort and actively shook. Neither of them made to move. "If it were a little warmer, I'd take you down and show you the Capital grounds," he said. There was a strange, detached tone. "I don't really look at it. It is something, though, isn't it?" "M-maybe another time," Rey said, just to fill the silence. He squeezed her hand lightly, the pain in his chest deepened. Her brain caught up with what she said and she winced. She cleared her throat. "I thought the dome was green?" she said, changing the subject. He turned his head to look at her. "The New Order stripped the copper off,” he said. He leaned in, slowly, eyes open. "Didn't fit the Order’s image.” "Makes sense," she said. She turned toward him. Their foreheads touched. He blinked, slowly, painfully. "I'm not very good at making friends," he said. She nodded. "Me either, I guess.“ When he exhaled, the mist from his lips touched hers. "Tell me about when we go walking," she said. "Will we?" "Yes." "Tell me about it." “Are you sure?” “I’m curious, I guess. I want to know.” He wet his lips. ”It'll be spring," he said. She nodded. "What does it look like? Show me." He imagined it, and she imagined it. -- The sky was not blue, it was that almost white, late morning almost-white, so pale the clouds, bashful, could hide in them. He and she were not holding hands. He preferred to watch her from a short distance, hands shoved in his pockets. The ground under him was cobbled, he could feel it through the soles of his shoes, which had grown thin. Her hair was down, and straight, and a little longer from the time passed. She wore pants, he'd never seen her in a skirt, it didn't suit her, and so he did not prefer to think of her in one. He watched her watch a few petals fall, then look down at herself. She laughed. “I have freckles on my arms, you know,” she said. And so she did. The detail filled in, and she inspected, satisfied. She grinned at him and, full of mischief, ran off the path behind a tree, bolting like a colt struck. He ran after and caught a face full of sodden, fallen, bruised-pink petals. He scooped a few out of his hair with curled fingers and off of his collar and tie. "You're in a suit in your dreams," she said. "You're such a peacock." He glanced up at her, sharply. “You're in trouble." "If you can catch me." She ran a few steps and he easily tackled her, wrapping her up and falling shoulder first under her. He pulled away a little. She was on top of his arm, knees to chest, laughing. He grabbed a handful of petals and dropped them on her face. She spat out the few petals that made it into her mouth and rubbed her eyes to get the laughter tears out. "You are ridiculous," he said. She grabbed him by the tie and pulled him down, kissing him. He pulled away— — — And out of the shared dream, eyes wide. "What are you doing?" he said. Her eyes fluttered open. He closed his, finally angry with her. "I —" she said. "Are you mocking me?" “I—“ "Don't. Just—“ She grabbed the back of his head roughly and pressed her mouth against his. He pulled back, startled. Her hands were still on his face. “ Why ?” he said. “I— I do. Get lonely. I get lonely.” She pressed her lips together. The wind started up again, and she winced in pain and pulled her fingers away. “You know what, it’s… It’s been a long day. It’s stupid.” The wind blew and she shook, and he wrapped his arms around her and pressed her waist, hard, to him. A hand snaked up under her shirt, onto her bare back. He dug his nails, lightly, in, and as he pulled away she gasped, legs tensing involuntarily. His other hand found her hip bone and grasped it, fingers digging lightly into her flesh there, at that hollow, vulnerable spot. “Are you scared?” he said. She shook her head. Her nose brushed against his. His eyes fluttered, pupils wide as if drugged. “I should take you home,” he said. “Where do you live?” she said. He raised his eyebrows at her, slightly. “I have a room in the hotel. I live there.” “All the time?” He nodded. He pulled away and stuffed his hands in his pockets, walking hurriedly head. She walked stiffly after him, and they were quickly at the hotel, in the lobby. He pressed the call button, and they stood awkwardly, looking around. No Phasma. No Poe or Finn. They stepped in. He pressed the 21st floor. “We’re on the same floor,” she muttered. “No.” “Huh?” “I’m taking you to your door,” he said. He wouldn’t look at her. “W-why?” He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “I’m afraid,” he said, “I’m an idiot. Maybe next time. There’s something I need to do. Your brothers need help.” She nodded. She wet her lips. “Next time.” The door opened. Rey looked through and— — Poe ran in, then Finn. Finn knocked Rey on the shoulder and she fell backward into the elevator wall. They fell upon their real target, Ben. Poe tackled him into the side of the elevator, head down, and Finn fell on Ben's ankles, and between their combined weight Ben fell, winded. The elevator door closed. Ben thrashed, but even large as he was, he could not quite throw two men off of him. “Hit 23!” yelled Poe at Rey. Finn sat on Ben’s legs, and Poe laid across his chest. “What are you doing!?” she yelled. “Do you want us to die!?” said Finn. He brought something like a pen up to his mouth and pulled the cap off. She hurriedly pressed the button and looked back just in time to see Finn stab Ben in the hip. He looked at her, and slowly, his face relaxed. “Did you give him the message?” said Poe. “… What ?” she said. “The message. What did he say?” “I— I don’t know—“ Poe looked at her. Incredulity melted into fear. The door opened. Poe stood in it and Finn dragged Ben’s limp body into the hall. “Did you figure it out?” “No.” “You went with him and you didn’t have the message?” “Y-yes.” For the first time, maybe ever, she saw Poe angry. “I gotta take her back, to the room,” he said to Finn. Finn nodded. Finn wouldn’t look at her. Finn dropped Ben’s shoulders and patted Ben down, finally pulling out Ben’s wallet. He stood and rifled through it, finally pulling out cash and Ben’s room key. Rey saw, in Finn’s back pocket, a round, silver, pencil-sized handle. She recognized it as the scalpel he used to sharpen his pencils. “You got this?” said Poe. “I got it.” “You need help?” “I got it,” Finn said, testily. “I’ll be back in ten, tops.” Poe got back into the elevator and pressed the 21 key. Rey backed into a corner. “What are you going to do to him?” “We’ll talk later,” Poe said. “He told me not to look it up.” Poe looked at her, incredulous. “ I told you to look it up. We were going to be out before it was cracked.” He grabbed her by the arm as the doors opened and hauled her to their room. She, unwilling to hurt him, did not resist. He pushed her into the master bedroom. She tripped and fell onto the bed. “Were you using me as bait to get to him?” “ Yeah . And you would have been in on this if you’d given him the message.” “He’s…” she corrected herself, “he’s not a good guy. He’s a sick guy. He’s trying .” His eyes flashed with disappointment and anger. “We will talk about this later,” he said and closed the door. She heard the handle rattle as he did something to it. She looked through in her mind to see him gluing it shut. He pushed the couch in front of the door for good measure. “I love you, Rey,” he said. “No matter what. Please trust me. I gotta do this.” “I love you too,” she said. “No matter what.” Poe’s anger subsided. He said, gently, “Figure it out when I’m gone. You’ll understand.” He knelt on the couch in front of the door and pressed his hand against it as if praying. He ran out the door. Rey extended the range of her view as far as she could. She could see an older couple, above her, sleeping. She tried to press further, but her vision swam. Finn, knelt on top of Ben, cutting into him. Her grip on the image slipped, then failed. Too far for a clear picture. And she did not want to know. She stood and paced, pulled out her phone. She opened the email she’d gotten. Sure enough, one of the letters was an image. She fiddled for ten minutes trying to figure out how to open it as text before coming across a way. In the header was the message. It was long. She pulled the paper he’d given her out of her pocket and found a pencil and pad in the bedroom desk. Her hands shook as she copied the numbers from the phone. She counted on her fingers to try, desperately, to avoid mistakes as she wrote out the key. She was too nervous to sit. She worked frantically, carefully, standing, shaking. L— twelve, E— five… 1205 1315 1412 0513 1205 1315 1412 0513 1205 1315 1412 0513— and on until it was long enough to match the message. She subtracted the key from the code and slowly wrote the message out. M-Y-C-O-N-T— It took her an hour. She got to the end. She read it twice, putting the spaces back in. “Oh my God.” She strode back over to the door and rattled it. It would not budge. She opened the door to the bathroom in vain and finally, finally, looked out at the balcony. And as she slid the door open, she looked at the railing. At the distance between the top of the railing and the next floor. The wind drilled into her. She looked out across the city. It twinkled. To the south, the Capital sat, brilliant white and illuminated. She placed her shaky hands onto the railing. Her burned hand especially ached. It was only two or three inches wide. She backed away from the front edge and pulled the little glass table with the ashtray on it to the corner close to the wall. She just needed to get to the roof. Just four floors. From the roof, there’d be a door. She could get to him. It would be OK. She looked at her shoes and, in a snap decision she hoped she would not regret, removed them. She needed to feel whatever was under her. The soles of her feet burned against the cold concrete. She pulled herself up onto the table and carefully stepped onto the rail, she did not look down or out, but at the wall and slowly, slowly, up. She pulled her arms back as far as she could and up. She curled her fingers and, desperately, hopped as high as she could— and grabbed the floor above her. She hung. Her injured hand did not quite catch the ledge by the palm. She pulled her legs up and swing them to re-seat her hand. She slowly pulled up until she could pull her leg up under the railing of the next floor. She winced as her weight strained against it. She moved her hand to the long bars of the railing and up them, and slid her foot back to the edge of the railing. Shakily, with only an inch or so of purchase, using every muscle in her chest and stomach, she stood. She lifted her foot above the railing and fell over the side, panting, flat on her back. Three more. Three more. Just like that. She didn’t doubt if she could do it. She needed to do it. It would be done. She’d been so wrong. The lights from the suite flickered. It was occupied. They were watching television in bed. She couldn’t risk being seen. The table was so very close, and she could not use it. “Three more,” she said and sat up. She pulled herself to the railing and stood again, pressing her fingers against the concrete to steady her. This time, it was more difficult. Her muscles burned and buckled in protest. This time, she swung out more wildly, desperately, and it was by sheer stupid chance she caught the side. Too quickly, she pulled herself up— and dropped again. She hung by her palms, her shoulders screaming in pain from the jerk. She gave herself a moment and tried again, slowly. She realized as she pulled her leg up and under, that she probably could not make it the rest of the way up. From the way her abdomen burned, from a sharp pain, she had torn something. She lifted up and grabbed the bar of the railing, and gripped it, hard. She stared at the window of the room for light, some sign of life. It was dim, but not dark. She closed her eyes and stretched out her mind, through the wall. Through the wall, she saw a figure, long-limbed, seated on the edge of the bed, pressing something against his upper chest. As her mind touched his, he looked up in shock. “Ben!” she yelled. And in a moment, he was out the door, on the balcony. He frantically bent to see what he could do. “Can you pull yourself up more?” he said. He was shirtless and had a long, deep, bloody cut on his upper chest, half sewn shut, a threaded needle still hanging from it. She shook her head. Her foot slipped a little. He fell onto his belly sideways, parallel to the rail, and pushed one long arm through as far as it could go to hold her weight. He pressed the other against the concrete floor and spread his legs out to steady himself. “You have it. I have you,” he said. “Take your time. Wait until you can do it.” arm was the one on the same side of his chest. He shook, but he had her. She grabbed onto him and to the rail for dear life. They panted for a half minute and she let him hold most of her weight. She gathered her strength and slowly, carefully, slipped out of his grip as she pulled her pinned leg from under the railing. Once more, she inched her grip up the rails and pulled her other foot up. He stood and as she stood straighter, he bent over the rail beside her, grabbed her around the waist, and hauled her over, grunting in pain as his stitches tore at him. He staggered backward and, rather than drop her, let himself fold, like a rag doll, under her. “What were you thinking?” he said. “I was wrong.” He shook his head, panting, “You are crazy. This was crazy.” “I had to see you,” she said. In her exhaustion, she started sobbing. “ Please don’t cry.” “Don’t tell me what to do!” she dug her knuckles into his side and lifted her face. She wiped away tears with her palm. “I am so tired of men telling me what to do today.” She was draped across his legs. Her chest was on his bare abdomen. He was propped up on his shoulders. Without a shirt, his arms looked longer, clearly not entirely in proportion to his body. His hands were large. He was like a teenager who had not yet finished growing, but his skin, thinner than a teenager’s creased between his brows, thin over his abdomen, gave him away as older. She gawked at him openly. He was not unattractive. Not that. His proportions were unexpected in a way that made him seem almost vulgar. Half-dressed he looked naked. It was obscene. “It’s cold,” he said. She nodded. “Would you like to get off of me?” She shook her head. He glanced down at his wound. It was seeping blood down his chest and dripping onto the floor beneath them. “I have to take care of that,” he said. “Okay.” She slid off of him. He stood and helped her up with his better arm. The limped inside. He slid the door closed behind him. Chapter 8 : Decoded Rey peered around the room. Ben’s shirt, cut off of him, laid by the bedroom door. The bed was unmade. Otherwise, it was the same as the one she was in, save for a laptop on the desk. Nothing personal visible. She limped across the room and flicked the light switch. Nothing happened. Ben hung back by the window. “It’s been out for some time,” he said. “You didn’t get anyone to fix it?” “I don’t like having people in here,” he said. She turned back around. He was silhouetted against the glass door. She hobbled back to the dresser and opened the top drawer. Rolled up socks, underwear, ties, books lined up neatly. He padded up behind her and gently closed it. “Private,” he said. He leaned over her. “I’m— I’m sorry, I’m a little nervous,” she said. “Can we, uh, talk?” “They just log my keystrokes on the computer. No bugs. I could use your help,” he said. “Ah?” “There’s a sink in the kitchen.” He pointed at the door. “Wash your hands, please.” She nodded. The living area was the same shape as the one in the room she, Poe and Finn occupied, but there was no couch. Just one armless chair. Instead, there was a small, functional kitchen. A pair of tongs was already in the pot, which was boiling violently. She turned the heat down. She considered the sink and passed it to snoop a little. She opened the refrigerator. There was a cask of water, plain greens, and two whole, roast chickens in covered dishes. That was it. The inside was otherwise spotless. Barely lived in. “Huh?” “Are you hungry?” She startled and turned around. He loomed over her, standing just a little too close. He had a roll of tape and a small pot of glue in one hand, and the other held out, damp. “Wash your hands,” he said. “Up to your elbows, please.” She shed her blazer onto the floor. He glanced at it. He held his still damp hands out away from him. “Uh, sorry,” she said and kicked it toward the edge of the floor. This did not seem to make him feel better. She grimaced at him and pumped soap into her hands. She scrubbed each finger off, picking at around the nails. As she did so, he fished a rag out of the pot with the tongs and draped it over the side of the pot so he could retrieve it one-handed. He rang it out then pressed it to the wound. “I’m not sure if I should let it stop bleeding first,” he said. “I don’t know either.” He sat heavily in the chair and pressed the rag against his wound. She finished washing her hands. “What’s the plan?” she said. “Tape and glue. I’ve gotten stitches before. They’re less easy than they look.” He lifted the rag away and looked at the wound. Rey peered at it. It gaped and pulled at his makeshift stitches. Around the edge of the wound was thick, white skin. She frowned. He glanced up at her. “I’m chipped. Was , rather. Your brothers are up to mischief.” “What are they doing?” “You don’t know?” She frowned. “Wait, you don’t know I don’t— oh, you know. Aren’t you psychic or whatever?” “‘Empathic,’ they call it. I get images. They’re mostly useless. You seem to be better at it than I am. You don’t know what they’re doing?” She shook her head. “Honestly, it’s the same for me. Except for, uh. I guess you.” “Anyone else?” “No.” He smirked. “Don’t look so pleased with yourself, honestly,” she spat. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Anyway, your brother took the device they use to track me. It looks like they want to make sure my employers believe I’m with them on a misadventure.” “You don’t sound happy.” “I am a loyal servant of the First Order,” he said, flatly. “I decoded the message.” “Tear me off some tape,” he said. She picked the end of the tape off the roll and pulled a length out. He reached out and tore it with his fingers, applying it to one edge of the wound. She pulled out a second length and he repeated on the other side. “How did you get in contact with Poe?” “When?” “The first time.” “The internet. I wouldn’t be a very good spy if I couldn’t get around a key logger.” “You’re attackatdawn.” “Pinch the center closed, please? You’ll have to hold it for a while.” She dropped the tape in his lap and gingerly placed her hands at the edges of the wound and pressed it together. Her fingers rested on his collarbone and neck. She felt his pulse. He unscrewed the cap on the glue. There was a little brush attached to the top of it. He brushed the glue over the wound. Blood percolated through the wound and bubbled through the glue, but it held. “Are you him?” she insisted. “I didn’t know it was a question.” “You’ve saved—“ “I didn’t save anyone. The Resistance ‘saved’ a few people. They certainly killed fewer than we did.” “The Resistance would have been crushed years earlier if you didn’t give away that code book, right? And you told him about the attack at Hosnia? They evacuated half the city. Millions of people.” “Helped kill the other half. Didn’t stop it. Didn’t try.” “Why not?” “Selfish, I guess.” he said. “Would’ve just gotten myself killed.” “It’s… it’s not the worst thing to want to live.” “That’s an excuse.” “It’s your excuse.” “You don’t have to make it for me.” They each ruminated for a minute. His phone rang. He fished into his pocket hurriedly and pulled out his phone, hitting the speaker button. “Hello?” he said. “You haven’t called,” said the voice on the other end of the line. Rey recognized the cold Coriscanti drawl as Hux, from that morning. “I’ve been busy.” “How was dinner?” said another voice, unmistakably Phasma’s. Ben’s eyelashes flicked upwards in disgust. He said “She tasted fine. She’s amenable. I’ll call in the morning. I’m sleeping in.” They heard a click. He looked to make sure it was off, then hurled it across the room. She waited until his pulse slowed down. “Was saving Poe real? I saw you save Poe.” “I turned him loose once, yes. I convinced my superiors he was more use alive.” “He acted like he knew you.” “We’d corresponded for quite some time.” “You’re friends.” He looked away. His mouth trembled. “I would prefer not to talk about this.” “Are you, uh,” she passed over the word ‘fucking,’ thought of lovers, and settled on, “fucking?” “ What ? No.” “You just seem really emotional about him.” He grabbed her wrists. “We are not friends and we are not lovers. I’m his contact. That’s all I am.” “That’s why you’re upset?” “How many friends do you think I have? No more questions.” He pushed her hands away from him and winced. He inspected the wound. He pulled off another length of tape and taped over the center. “We’re friends,” she said. “I’ll be your friend.” His head jerked up. His eyes met hers, incredulous. “I, uh, climbed a building to tell you I was sorry. We should be friends.” “N-nobody should be that sorry.” She rubbed her face with the back of her hand and blinked away tears. “I thought you were just— I thought you were trying and it— it wasn’t good enough. I thought you were just fucked up and it was sad and that was it. And I told Poe I decoded the message, and he thought you knew, and I messed up what he was trying to do.” She laughed and wiped fat, tears off of her face. She smiled at him, still crying. “I’m going to fix it, though.” She grabbed his hands by the fingertips. He glanced down at them as if they might explode. “What are you talking about?” “The Resistance got out of Hosnia in time because you warned them. They regrouped. They wanted Poe in some kind of leadership really bad.” Ben maintained the same level of quiet terror but did not seem surprised by the information. She continued. “Poe agreed to re-join the Resistance only if he could get you out.” His face drained of color. His eyes unfocused. “He figured you’d say ‘no’ so you could feed him more information. He took the chip out so you could leave. He’s framing you so you can’t stay. This is a rescue.” He stood, suddenly, his shin bumping into her shoulder, and she tumbled from her knees back onto her backside. He made it to the sink, fingers pressed into the stainless steel edge, doubled over as if punched, and vomited. He breathed heavily, dry heaved a few more times, and waited for it to subside before reaching over and wearily turning on the faucet. “Sorry,” he said. “Are you mad?” He shook his head. He leaned forward for a drink, then ducked his head under the water. He sunk to his knees and just sat for a moment. “I’ve been in this room for fifteen years,” he said. “You don’t have to anymore.” “I don’t know how to take a bus,” he said. “A what?” He reached up and turned the faucet off. “I think I’m thirty, about. I’ve never ridden on a bus. I’m… really good at some things. I don’t know how a bank account works. I mean, I know what one is, but I don’t know how to talk to someone and get one. The physical act. I’ve never been to school. I can’t fake that feeling. People ask me about it and I just freeze. I have a conversation with people, they immediately know something is wrong with me. They can sniff me out.” “Hey, hey,” she hoisted herself up, painfully, and tripped forward into the sink beside him. She steadied herself on the sink edge and put her hand on the small of his back. “Poe’ll be there. Poe likes you. I like you. Finn’ll come around. Mom’ll… she’ll freak out. OK, she’ll freak out a little, but we’re keeping you, and she’ll deal. OK?” “There’s so much more I could do here. I know what to do here.” “You’re done. You can’t do any more. They’ve already moved mom to the new Resistance base south. We’re going to go there and you’re going to have a stupid, boring life for a while. OK? I’ll teach you how to work on cars, we’ll make rice and beans. You’ll wear t-shirts. Super boring.” He shook his head. Water rolled off his hair, down his hair, and from his open lips. He turned the faucet on again, cupped his hand, and rinsed his mouth out. “Okay,” he said. “When do we have to go?” “He wants us to meet him in the parking garage at four.” “Okay.” She glanced at the clock. It was nine thirty-eight. “You need to get a nap before we go?” she said. “I could use some sleep,” he said. “I said I’d do something, though.” She pursed her lips at him, “Honestly, what now?” He turned his head. They stared at one another, hunched in pain and exhaustion. Rey’s hair was matted with sweat, mostly fallen out of its messy bun, the loose ends knotted from the wind. The fabric under her arms stuck to her skin with cold sweat. Half his ribcage was still covered with blood, which had started to dry and flake. He reached over and tucked a loose strand of her hair behind her ear and watched her face. He ran his fingers along the back of her neck. She didn’t flinch. He bent and, carefully, almost chastely, kissed her, then rested his head against her forehead. “I said ‘next time,’” he said. She froze for a moment. She gingerly reached out for him. Her fingers brushed the side of his ribcage, unsure what to do. “I’m, uh, kind of a mess,” she said. “You look wonderful,” Ben said. He pressed his lips against hers and reached up to her hair. He gently teased her hair out of its bun, and it fell loose across their cheeks. She turned toward him, and they embraced. He pulled her close and closer as if he would fold himself over her and pull her into him his body if he could. Her knee buckled behind her, and they staggered into the refrigerator. As they hit it, her teeth knocked into his lip. He pulled back, laughing, wiping his mouth with his palm. Before she could say anything, he bent and kissed her jaw, open mouthed, tongue teeth and lip dragging across her pulsing vein. He pressing his thumb into the hollows of her hips, lifting her to her tiptoes. She wrapped her arms around his neck to hold herself up, pressing her chest to his. He pushed her against the refrigerator, knees bent to line his hips with hers. She thought, for a moment, there was something in his pocket, pressing into her belly. He ran his hands over her backside and lifted her. He pulled away from the kiss and grimaced. “Are you OK?” she said. He shifted her weight onto the other arm to avoid tugging at the wound at his chest and bore his lower teeth at her. Something pressed between her legs. She realized his pockets were empty, and flushed as he walked them into the bedroom. Chapter 9 : Stay He dropped her onto the bed and stood, panting, at the foot of it. He stared at her, wild-eyed, shoulders tense, hands curled. The light from the city streamed in from the balcony window, casting him in sharp relief, like a marble statue of some ancient hero from a war Rey couldn’t name; strong featured, angular, apprehensive, wild. Waiting for, or perhaps the vehicle of, divine intervention. Rey arched her back up and sat up, halfway, to curl her fingers under the edge of her shirt and camisole. Jerkily, she pulled them both off at once and leaned back, exposed. She looked up at him. For the smallest of seconds, she thought she saw his eyebrows twitch together. She had lost weight years ago, at the start of the war when food was scarce, and never gained it back. Her breasts were flat above her athletic frame, the skin a little loose where she had once been large enough to warrant wearing a bra. She pulled her elbows up over her breasts. He knelt on the bed and crawled upward, up her legs, stopping to unzip her jeans and slowly pull them down. He dropped them off the bed, to the side. She kept her knees together. He laid himself parallel to her, the side of his ribs pressed into hers, one arm across her, propped up on the other. “We don’t have to if you don’t want,” he said. “I know,” she said shakily. He kissed her, then rolled to his side, propped up on one arm. She mirrored him, facing him, still covering her breasts. “You could wear a shirt of mine to sleep,” he said. “Oh. You don’t want to….” He raised his eyebrows a little. He reached out to her and traced circles in the little hairs at her temple. “It’s not just a matter of what I want.” “I— I do. I just— nobody’s seen me naked.” He raised his eyebrows. She stammered, “I-I-I mean, someone’s walked in on me in the shower, but, you know, it was my brother, and he didn’t mean to, it was very— and I’m not like, I have to cut a part of my jeans out to fit because my hips are narrow, you know and….” she ran out of momentum and stopped. He started nodding as she talked, slightly not as if he agreed. “Being with someone isn’t going to make you feel better about how you look. I’ve… met a couple of women. Can’t say ‘known,’ I didn’t know them. I… felt for their reaction. They weren’t unhappy, but that doesn’t really stop me from seeing my own feelings on my body in their faces. It’s not really rational. I’ve come to an uneasy truce with this,” He lifted his hand from her face and rubbed his thumb across his fingertips as illustration. “Having a body at all. I think I still don’t like being looked at very much.” “But you’re…” she bit her lips and looked him up and down, at his muscular, long build and fascinating proportion. “You’re looking,” he said. “S-sorry,” she turned her head. “I didn’t say stop,” he said. Her heart skipped a beat. He stroked the side of her face and said “Look at me.” He rolled onto his back. He placed his hand at his collarbone, palm flexed, fingers spread, and with his other, he unbuttoned his trousers. Slowly, slowly, he ran his hand down his chest His fingers down and across the little valleys of his musculature, like drops of water as they searched for the lowest place to settle. He inhaled, and exhaled, and Rey inhaled and exhaled slowly with him. She watched his hand creep downwards, into the fine line of hair below his navel. As the tips of his fingers touched his waistband, his other hand inched it downwards. Finally, he ran his fingers over to his hip, hooked his thumbs under the elastic of his underwear, up, around, and down past his anatomy. Rey’s breathing jerked. She watched his hand, resolutely avoiding looking at his dark hair and— and that. He continued, running his fingers down the seam where his thigh met his hip, and on, and finally, her eyes rested where his hand did. His thighs tensed as he ran his fingers from the base of himself to the tip, and took himself in hand there. He brought his other hand to his lower abdomen, pressing the web of his thumb into the base of his erection and down, firmly. He slowly, expressively, ran his hand down the shaft of his penis and up once. She, and he, inhaled jerkily. She looked at his face. His mouth was open. His eyes, unfocused, moved across her body, and back to her face. She pulled her elbows away from her breasts. He looked down and wet his lips. His hips moved as he ran his hand up and down again, slowly. She felt herself tense, involuntarily, between her legs and squirmed. “Wh-what do I do?” she said. He let himself go, suddenly and pulled her into a wide mouthed, full kiss. He pressed her from her side onto her back, pulling himself up, away from the kiss, to kneel. He pulled off his trousers and underwear fully and discarded them off the side of the bed before pulling her hips down further on the bed, with her backside touching his knees. Her shoulders were flat across the bed, her spine twisted so that both her knees pointed to her right. He leaned back down over her, eyes locked with hers, noses touching. He pulled a pillow they had knocked aside and placed it under her head. His hand grazed across the side of her breast, the same light touch he used to explore his own body, and down to her underwear. He slid his fingers underneath it and used the back of his hand to inch it downwards and explore the roundness of her backside. He dug his fingernails in, lightly, and she gasped. “More of that?” he rasped. She panted and nodded. He ran the backs of his fingernails back up her, to the elastic at her waist and, in one motion, pulled her panties down, past her knees, past her ankles, and tossed them off to the side. He tapped the inside of her knee, mouth open, the muscles of his chest moving over his ribs as he panted. They considered one another. She slowly brought her knee up to avoid kicking him. Her knees were on either side of his. They just looked, hair and sweat and moles and everything. Rey’s chest hurt just from looking at him. She missed him. It was like he was gone. She wondered if she would remember him and this, or if it would someday wear away from taking out and turning over to consider, again and again, as all her dearest memories eventually seemed to. She tilted her arms upward, barely off the bed, and grabbed at the air, pleading for him. He leaned forward pulled her hips toward him, pushing his weight into the tops of his thighs. One arm wrapped around the top of her head. He looked into her mind, grazed over the top of it. His lips brushed hers. “Stay with me,” he said. He watched her eyes until they focused again, back on his. His other hand pressed into her outer lips, holding the skin of her most private area up and tight, and he pressed into her. She arched from the shock of the feeling, visceral, strange, and became more so as he pushed all of him inside of her. It was uncomfortable, strange, almost painful, like he was pressing into a bruise. His legs shook. He pulled back and thrust again, shallower, this time, a smoother motion. She began to feel a warm, pleasurable sensation build and rocked her hips into him. As they moved, with each rocking motion of his hips, her thighs dampened. The sensation lessened as they began to lose friction. He pulled out and ran his hand over himself, wiping off her wetness. He glanced at her worried face and pulled her into a kiss, rolling onto his back. He moved her back down onto him. Her sore muscles ached and shook and mixed with the pleasure of having him back inside of her, and she cried out. She started to lean forward, but he pressed his hand into her lower belly, thumb pressed into the side of her clitoris. She rocked her hips and he worked her in little circular motions. Her mouth opened in shock. “Oh.” She moved forward and back, awkwardly, carefully, until she found her rhythm and her angle and the warm, tense feeling between her legs began to build again. His thumb followed her tempo, speeding up as she did, slowing as she did, until finally he seemed to know something she did not and kept going even though her hips would barely move from the pleasure. Her vision whited out. She tensed and fell forward crying out in what might have been mistaken for a laugh or a sob. He grabbed her hips and thrust into her, through her pleasure, until he reached his. Her eyes rolled open in time to his eyes roll back, face red, breath jerking out in little fits and starts. His eyes focused back on her. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her down, tongue pressed into hers. He pulled back to look at her, at her eyes and mouth. Her skin felt cold as the heat of their exertion radiated into the air. He ran his fingers up and down her spine until she shook and her skin broke out in goosebumps. “Is— is it always— like that?” she whispered. He grinned at her, lower jaw out, sharp teeth exposed, and kissed her again. They kissed, and he waited, and not long after he kissed her between her thighs. He kissed her on the mouth when she was finished and she tasted herself on his lips, and then he took her, again. It was like that. It was always like that. Chapter 10 : Retreat Notes: Please note: I have changed the warnings for this fic. Rey jerked awake to an alarm going off, disoriented and still exhausted. Ben’s arm was draped across her body, his warm chest pressed into her back. He stretched his legs. “Oh, jeez,” she muttered. “It’s time?” “Yes.” They sat up slowly, each groggy, sore, and not entirely recovered. Rey was worse off. She stood, an unmistakable soreness shooting through her lower belly and between her thighs. She took a few wide-legged steps. “Look at what you did,” she said. He drew his lips back in a pleased smirk. She rinsed off in the shower quickly, and was joined shortly after by Ben. He glanced her up and down, frankly, and she remembered his mouth, and him between her legs. She felt a stabbing ache run from the base of her spine to her sternum. He blinked. “That was, uh….” “Ah, sorry,” she said. He leaned out the shower and pecked her on the mouth. “You’re going to distract me. We need to leave soon.” She hurried out the bathroom door and searched for her clothes on the floor. He was out soon, towel wrapped around him. He walked into his closet and pulled out a hangar with pants, undershirt, shirt, jacket and tie all neatly hung. He threw the hanger on the bed, pulled a pair of underwear from his drawer, and put them on quickly. “That’s convenient,” she said, still searching for her underwear. “You should start doing it,” he said. “That’s inconvenient.” “You’re messy?” he said. He glanced over at her as he zipped his pants. She nodded. “… We’ll manage.” He helped her find her clothes, then peered around the hotel room. She’d seen the look before. One last look. “Is there anything you want from here?” she said. He nodded slightly. He walked to the dresser pulled a metal case out of a drawer. Inside was a pistol, disassembled, and a holster. “Whoah,” she said. “I meant like a book.” “I’ve read them all twice anyway,” he said. Ben clipped the holster to his waist. He, assembled the gun carefully, quickly. He opened the slide to check the chamber. He checked the magazine, then pressed it into the handle, before flipping off the safety and pulling back the slide on the barrel, putting a round in the chamber. “Have you killed anyone with that?” “Not with this one,” he said. He put a jacket on over his shirt, concealing the weapon. “Ready?” he said. “Yeah.” He held the door open for her on the way out. He took one last look, and turned out the lights. As the door clicked behind him, she felt from him an overwhelming wave of nausea, and then, suddenly, silence. He’d shut her off. She didn’t know he could do that. “It’ll be OK,” she said. He nodded, pale. They took the stairs down to the basement parking garage to avoid people. He let her lean on his shoulder on the way down. — They spotted Finn before he spotted them. He had thrown a blanket over the orange side-door’s window and was busy spray painting it white, careless of whether the paint splashed back onto him or dribbled down the side. Finn startled when he heard footsteps, dropped the can, and reached for his side as he reeled around. Ben froze and did the same. Finn saw who it was before he drew. “Hi,” said Ben through his teeth. “Hey,” said Finn. Rey peeked out from behind Ben. The men relaxed a little. Ben ran his hand through his hair, then rubbed his chest where Finn had cut him. “You’ve fucked my stance up,” muttered Ben. “Sorry, man,” said Finn. He glanced at his sister. She felt tears start to well up and ran around Ben to go wrap her arms around Finn. “Did I worry you?” she said. “ Yeah, you did.” “ What have you been up to?” “You’ll, uh, see.” They heard a faint clicking noise and turned. Ben had pulled his gun. He transferred it to his left hand, and pointed it at the ground in front of them. Finn put his hand out in front of him. “Don’t get weird on me,” said Finn. “I’m already weird,” Ben replied. Rey took a moment to process what she saw. Her eyes locked on the gun. The world narrowed down to it. She listened again for him. Silence. Silence. “Ben?” she said, voice shaking. He wouldn’t look at her. He shifted. His eyes watered. She flattened out her voice, calm as possible. “You’re scaring me, Ben.” “I wanted you to run,” he said. “We can all run together,” she said. He feinted as if to pull the gun up, but dropped it down again, wavering. On his chest, a dark red stain started to bloom under his shirt. “I can’t,” Ben said. “You can’t go back, man,” said Finn. “They won’t take you back.” Ben gasped air, eyes darting, panicky. “This— this is all I know,” he said. She felt the nausea again, so loud, so blinding it almost overwhelmed her. He looked from Finn to Rey, and down at the gun. She knew what he was contemplating. “POE,” Rey screamed. And out Poe darted, from behind a car, punching Ben in the side once and again, fist wrapped around something— and the gun went off. Rey could not hear it slide across the floor her ears rang so loud with its fire, but saw it and dove for it before Finn could. She shakily pulled the magazine out and threw it across the room before daring to look over. Ben was in a spreading pool of blood. “No, no, no-no-no,” she said and crawled across the floor, too shaky to stand. Ben laid with his eyes open, staring at the ceiling, unseeing. She looked over at Poe, next to him, beneath him. Poe was gasping, almost laughing. Finn stood staring, processing. She looked up at him. “It’s Poe,” said Finn. She looked again. Poe’s pant leg was black. In his hand was another syringe. Finn scrambled to his knees and, reached for Ben’s waist, undoing the buckle on his belt. “Wh-what—“ “We need to stop the bleeding!” She rolled Ben off of Poe. Both men were still breathing. Finn slipped the belt around Poe’s leg and pulled it tight. “Help me move him!” he said. They pulled him into the car, legs up. It was a blur to Rey. It might have taken seconds or days to move him. “You pro- you promised—“ Poe muttered. “Fuck, man,” said Finn. “Please,” said Poe. Finn glanced back at Ben and winced. “I have zipcuffs in my pocket. Help me with him,” Finn muttered. “He’s— he’s dangerous,” said Rey. She hadn’t felt herself start to cry, but she had. “Poe asked me to do this. I can’t handle it if we don’t.” Rey contemplated denying her brother’s wish, and felt as if she had been punched in the chest. She avoided listening in on Finn. She was already too overwhelmed. Rey nodded, “Okay.” They tied his hands and feet and hauled him into the footwell, all folded up, indifferent to his comfort. Finn sat in the back seat, holding Poe’s leg up. “I know a vet,” Finn said. “He’ll help.” He directed her down a road. Rey barely remembered how they got out of the garage, she just peeled out, past the concrete pillars, into the city night. She drove away from the capital dome, all lit up in her rear view mirror. And suddenly, suddenly, a moment before she heard it, it lit up her rear-view mirror so bright it bleached her night vision. An orange, fiery light and then a massive crunching boom as the capital dome exploded. Chapter 11 : Threat Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Dozens of sirens sounded off in the distance and people began, slowly at first, to stream out of buildings. Women, their hair down, wrapped up in robes, stepped out onto their balconies and into the street to see what the noise was. Rey steered around them, barely slowing. Finn sat in the back, lying down across the bench, with his brother’s legs on his chest. He held the belt tight around Finn’s thigh with both hands and pinched exposed and profusely bleeding blood vessels in Poe's leg with the other. “How is he?” said Rey. “I-I think he’ll make it to where we’re going. Left here.” Rey ran a red light at speed, leaving a streak of rubber behind her. “Careful!” said Finn. “They’re going to shut down the highway,” said Rey. “We need to get out before we’re trapped.” “How do you know that?” Finn said. “You just thought of it,” said Rey. “I saw it.” They had never talked about what she could do. Not really. Finn could not really process the new information and hold his dying brother at the same time. “Our medical guy’s inside the highway circle,” Finn said, quietly. “We’re going to be trapped here?” “Yeah.” Rey swallowed. They passed a droid-driven cab on the opposite side of the street. She looked through her rear-view mirror. It made a U-turn onto her street. “Shit,” she said. “What?” “There’s a cab,” she said. “So?" She turned right at the intersection. "That's not the way," said Finn. The cab turned behind her. It was for certain following. She took a breath. This was not her area. Nothing was her area. She made shirts. She was an unwelcome and disoriented visitor in people’s quick thoughts and impulses, bits and pieces that rarely came together into a useful whole. She was a survivor. She was a quick study of other survivors. She tried on other identities, other ways of thinking, like clothes to see what fit, what worked, what was useful. She was good at that. At that moment there was only one person she had ever met who had the tools to handle this situation. Despite everything, she needed him. She put his body language on. She rolled her shoulders back, threw her chin up. She put on Ben's way of thinking like an itchy coat. “We need to ditch the car,” she said. “What?” “How long until he’s awake?” “Poe’s in shock, he’s not waking up without help.” “No, I mean Ben.” “…Why? Fuck your boyfriend.” “Just tell me what we have. What resources, how many people, how long?” “Uh, uh, uh, I have one scalpel, Poe’s stun gun. Poe’s bleeding slow but he’s in shock and that can kill him. I don’t know how long. Ben should be awake by now, it doesn’t last long.” She frowned. “Is Ben breathing?” Finn looked at Ben in the footwell below him and also frowned. He tightened the belt and braced his elbow against his knee to free a hand up. He started to reach down. “Don’t touch him,” she said, sharply. Finn swallowed. “Ben?” said Rey. Nothing. Silence, same as the passed-out Poe. “I don’t see him breathing,” said Finn. He started panting, tears gathering in the corners of his eyes from the stress. Rey caught an image of a civilian in some training mission Finn had once been on: handcuffed, prone, and accidentally dead. It splashed across her vision messily as Finn became overwhelmed by the image. Finn said, “It’s—It’s dangerous to put someone in a car, folded like that.” “You’re going to need to take a breath, Ben,” said Rey. “Do you want to do it now, or wait? Either way, nobody’s going to touch you. Must be uncomfortable.” “Rey, he’s —” said Finn. “I swear, don’t touch him. He can fuck you up if you do. He knows this is getting to you.” Finn drew his hand away and put it back onto the belt, shaking. Ben took a breath. And there his presence was, faint, half-hidden, for a moment. A concession. It was gone too quick to pick up anything. “Ben, I need you,” she said. She glanced at the cab behind her. “You should kill me now,” said Ben. His voice was raspy, his breath constricted by his position. “No. Finn, do you have more zip ties?” “Yeah, but —” “Ben, we have a droid in a cab following us,” she glanced through the mirror, “and the passenger is starting to panic.” “You have a problem,” said Ben. “I’ll have Finn throw Poe out the door and floor it if you don’t help.” “What?” shouted Finn. Ben paused. “You wouldn’t,” he said. She felt him lick at the edges of his mind, and as she’d felt him do, shut hers to him, hard. He was getting nothing. “You’ll kill him,” said Ben. “I didn’t choose this. You did this. We are going to live. If I need to let him die to make that happen, that’s on you. I swear to fucking God, I’ll make you live with it. You’re going to re-live exactly how you fucked this up every day for a long time.” “Why throw him out the door?” said Finn. “Ben will know I did it just to hurt him. Right, Ben? You found someone like you, and you fucked her up, like you fuck up everything. Right?” Finn sat, stunned. Ben pressed up against her mind harder, desperately, without success. “If you were serious, you’d let me see,” he said. “You’ve lost the fucking right. You’ve got one minute before Finn ditches him.” “I won’t do it,” said Finn. She looked over her shoulder, eyes wild. “I’ll make you,” she said. She did not know how, but she would. Finn's fingers trembled. He believed her. And in that moment, she knew she believed it absolutely. She dropped her defenses and let her conviction radiate from her. Ben panted. He kicked his legs against the wall of the foot well, banging his forehead against her seat. He was pinned. He started gasping and shuddering. He was crying. “He needs to calm down, Rey,” said Finn. “He’s in a stress position and I can’t move him. He can fuck himself up.” “Is he in pain?” “Yeah. He’s gotta be.” Rey licked her lips. “Poe was your first real friend, right? You know he’d forgive you if you lived, right? He understands you. He knew this might happen. You think I ever will if he dies?” “Please," choked out Ben. “I need to see into your head, Ben.” “No.” “I need to know you’re going to help.” “I will.” “Show me.” He opened up, all of it, and started to breath spastically, uncontrollably, hyperventilating in panic as her mind reached out to his. As she made contact, her hands jerked across the wheel, and they drifted across into the oncoming lane of traffic. His completely unrestrained and overwhelming grief and physical pain ran down her nerves and back up like an electric shock. She felt his chest, the white-hot searing pain of his open wound and the burning, light-headed nausea of his aching lungs. But the panic and the grief hurt more. His shallow breath could kill him, but the grief hurt more. It was not something he’d felt for a minute or a day. This was an old feeling. This was something he’d hidden from her when he let her run her fingers through his hair. “Oh,” she said. “Fuck,” shouted Finn. She jerked the wheel back and pulled her mind away. He didn’t close off to her. He left it open and offensive, like a festering wound. The cab behind them sped up and was now very close, directly on their tail. She slowed down and let the droid ride her bumper. The passenger pounded on the side windows and yanked at the handle. “Finn needs to cut you loose," said Rey. "Don’t you fucking hurt him. Say you won’t.” He couldn’t respond, but he was not going to resist, she felt. “Do it,” she said to Finn. Finn pulled hard on the belt, cinching it as hard as he could around Poe, yanked his knife from his back pocket. He paused a moment, held his breath, and cut the tie off Ben's wrists. She imagined to Ben in a few sketchy images exactly what she wanted him to do, and she felt he understood her. He would comply. Rey hit the brakes, and the next thing Rey was aware of was the shock of the seatbelt digging in her shoulder and the airbag smacking into her face. Notes: I'll be updating this about twice a week, but it's still going. I just need a break from feeling these particular feels in this stretch of the plot. Plus my Medieval AU is lots of fun. Thank you for your patience! Chapter 12 : Reunion Rey sat back in her seat, eyes wide, waiting for what she was seeing to make sense again. Between the stinging in her face where she’d been smacked and the jolt of the hit, and the smell, and now the loud screaming from outside the car that had previously been muffled, it was too much to take in at once. She saw shapes, people maybe, but they made no sense. Just fleshy blobs of color bobbing into view, and little white pinpoints that bloomed into diamond patterns at the edge of her vision. Her foot started to slip off the brake. She was jolted by a noise, down and to her right, and she glanced down. It was a pale hand on the parking brake, yanking it up. Ben’s. She leaned away and started to hyperventilate. She gagged. She looked to the back seat. Finn had belted himself and Poe when they’d gotten in the car, so they had not rolled into the footwell. It was hard to tell. The pile in the footwell was not three men high. “I think you have a concussion,” said Ben. “Don’t be frightened.” “No,” she mouthed. “I’ll have to alter the plan a little.” “ No ,” said Finn. There was a scuffle, over too quickly. Ben grabbed Finn around his bare wrist as he swung to stab Ben and, poured pain directly into it. Finn yelped in incoherent agony. Ben pulled the blade from Finn’s fingers, sat up and cut his leg restraints off. “Keep holding that belt,” Ben snapped at Finn. Finn did as he was told. Rey soon felt his cold fingers on her neck. “Calm down,” he said. She felt the way she’d felt when Ben held her and she’d drifted off to sleep, his warm, firm chest pressed against her back. Her pulse slowed. Her breathing became even. Tears welled up in her eyes. “Why’d you have to do it?” she muttered. “Stay here until I’m finished,” he replied. Her vision swam, and she lost track of time. — Ben opened the back seat door and stepped out. He brushed glass from the shattered rear window off his lapel. A balding man and a young woman had run up to him, but seeing the look in his eye, stopped. The young woman glanced up at the plume of smoke pouring up into the clear sky. People peered outside of nearby apartment buildings, watching them. “You OK?” said the man. “You should run,” said Ben. He pulled his jacket off, held onto one of the sleeves, and started wrapping it around his left fist. The right side of his chest burned. He winced. “You’re bleeding real bad, buddy,” said the man. Ben glanced down. Blood dripped from his pant leg, down his shoe, onto the asphalt. “It’s not all mine,” said Ben. The young woman didn’t like Ben’s tone. She looked at him out of the corner of her eye, like a scared dog. She approached the man and grabbed him by the forearm. “I don’t like this,” said the woman. “They’re hurt—“ protested the man. “Listen to your daughter,” Ben said. The man froze. “H-how did you know—“ started the man. The woman jerked on her father’s hand again, and this time, he let her pull him away. He turned toward the rounded yellow cab, its nose buried into the old white car. It was a much newer vehicle than the one Ben had been shoved into, and as such was relatively unscathed. The passenger had climbed into the front seat and was trying to open the door from there. Ben approached the driver’s seat. The droid was not moving. The passenger frantically climbed over the lap of the droid to get Ben’s attention. Ben ignored him. He reared back with his bound fist and smacked the glass hard as he could, once, twice. The glass made a satisfying noise as it cracked. The passenger pulled himself backward before the third hit, just before the glass shattered. “It won’t unlock!” the man shouted. “Shut up,” said Ben. The man crawled back over the droid. He was loud and in Ben’s way. “Help me—“ Ben grabbed the man around the head and chest and yanked him through the window with a sickening crack and dropped him on the pavement, in the fine ground cover of glass. Ben did not know if he was passed out or dead. Ben did not check. It didn’t matter. He leaned against the car door and rolled his head around, cracking his neck, thinking. He would not be able to start the cab without the droid in it, switched on. The accident had been, from what he saw through Rey’s eyes, the droid’s fault. Droids don’t tailgate. They were programmed better than that. This had been human error. Someone human, probably at Ben’s own central office, had been remote-driving the thing. The droid was a cheap six-year-old Eta model, the kind with the white plastic faceplate that started to chip after a year or two. They had a sloppy code and infrequent security updates. Beyond easy to hack. He leaned forward and inspected the droid. They were were mechanically set to switch off in the case of a collision. Ben reached around the back of it and held the reset button for ten seconds to start it up in security mode— no internet connection, no GPS. Its eyes lit up. “I seem to have been in an accident,” it said in a calm, pleasant female voice. “Log in,” Ben said. “Username?” “Null entry,” said Ben. “Password?” Ben carefully enunciated, “single quote password close single quote OR single quote one close single quote equals single quote one single quote.” The light in the droids eyes flickered for a moment as it ran the query. “Login successful. How can I help you, admin?” “Do not connect to the internet or use GPS under any circumstances. There are two people in the back seat of the white car in front of us. One of them is very injured. Please assist them into the cab and then await my orders. Ignore all other requests from anyone but me.” “We should wait for the police, sir.” “Admin override.” “Understood.” Ben stepped back to allow the droid to get out. He walked back to the driver’s seat of the white car. Rey looked over at him with glassy eyes, panting, concussed. She reached to the mechanical lock and smacked it down. He opened the back door. Finn was rocking, not entirely there, holding his brother and the belt tight. Ben opened the door, reached around, and unlocked the driver’s side. “I don’t want to go,” said Rey. Ben ignored her. He leaned forward and undid her seatbelt. She grabbed his face and dug her nails in, scratching it as he leaned over. His breath hissed between his teeth and crouched by the open car door. Behind him, the droid murmured something to Finn. Finn snapped out of his daze. “Is-is Rey OK? he said. “She won’t die. Get Poe in the cab,” said Ben. Finn and the droid dragged Poe out. “Poe can’t wait until you calm down,” he said. “I need to carry you.” “No,” she said. “I’m sorry.” He put his hand at her throat, at the place where her blood rushed into her head. She clawed at it, drawing blood. He pursed his lips over his teeth and felt her panic. There was something about it, something uniquely terrible he couldn’t really identify, about watching her turn white. He watched his own reaction to it. He felt it in his palms, on the skin across his chest. They itched. The first time he’d killed someone, he couldn’t show it bothered him. Not in front of people. He was not disposable, but they could make him suffer. He waited until he was in a bathroom to cry and vomit. He used to think if he hated it, really hated it, if he screamed and tore his room apart and vomited, it wasn’t really him that did it. He had proof it wasn’t him. He had once torn apart an oven to prove it to himself, with his bare hands. They’d sedated him to stitch up the damage he’d done to himself. He hadn’t really resisted since, not on any level. Not much point. His cheeks were wet and stung. He wiped them with the sleeve of his free hand as she struggled. It took a surprisingly long time to make someone pass out. As soon as she went limp, he leaned forward and pulled her over his shoulder, standing. He glanced around. The air had started to reek and darken with an odd burning chemical smoke. People were no longer looking out their windows. He lifted Rey further up his shoulder as she shifted, beginning to wake. Ben tried to think of something warm and pleasant and radiate the feeling into her. He thought of how she looked when she laughed and pressed how it made him feel into her skin. She relaxed. The droid knelt next to the open back door, helping Finn hold the belt. “One man needs medical attention. The woman you are carrying also appears to need medical attention. The nearest hospital is, according to my last known location, point five miles north.” “Get in the footwell in the back. I’ll drive.” “Yes, sir.” The droid folded itself up, its legs fitting into recessed dents in its chest, as it stepped into the car. It reached behind it and closed the door. Ben walked to the open driver’s seat, deposited Rey, then rolled her over the divider into the passenger seat before getting in. He sat back, ran his fingers through his hair, and breathed before pressing the ignition button. The engine revved to life. He threw the car into reverse and turned to look. Finn caught his eye. Finn had the look and the energy of a man who believed he was already dead. Ben remembered the pain in his sliced chest and his current predicament. Ben for the moment, chose not to correct Finn’s assumption. “Where to?” Ben said. “Thirty-fourth and Onderon,” muttered Finn. Ben nodded; he’d be there in three minutes if he floored it. He peeled out and floored it, down a back street, toward the poor, ragged edge of the University district where the students did not live. — A three-legged cat named Asshole howled at a screen door and a woman, still in her dressing gown, padded across her screen door to let him in. It was her almost feral cat, named by her husband after it’d given Reb, their old three-legged lab mix, a whack across the face for being too friendly. Asshole was her kind of people. People brought them animals when they’d been hit, gave her and Han the wrong names, and skipped out. It was part of the business of being the neighborhood vet practice. People didn’t like adopting broken things, so those things hung around. Leia took a kind of pride in collecting them. It was nearly five. The sun had started to rise. The sky was a brilliant red above her cross-way neighbor’s roof. It was fixing to be the prettiest sunrise she’d seen in her whole life, all lit up with the smoke of the burning Capitol. The State radio chattered in the background. Han puttered around the house, filling both bathtubs and the sinks with water, just in case. He’d had her take an iodine pill as soon as they’d heard the boom, also “just in case.” He’d given her a look when she didn’t seem worried. He didn’t appreciate her knowing things she didn’t tell him. She lit a cigarette and leaned out the porch. Her husband didn’t like when she smoked on the porch, but he’d moved to the second bedroom three weeks prior. He’d still nag when he smelled it. It’d be an excuse to talk later. “Tough shit,” she muttered, practicing. She pushed her glasses up her nose. Asshole rubbed against her legs and yowled. He had to be pretty hungry. He tried scratching at her knee, and she kicked him, absently. But she waited for something. She heard it before she saw it: screeching tires and a cab taking the turn onto her street entirely too fast. It turned into her long driveway, up the gravel. She peered through her glasses. A man and a woman, neither of whom she recognized. “Han?” She called. “Yeah?” “Get the shotgun.” “… Shit , Leia,” he said. As the car got closer, she could feel them, faintly. There was, at least, one more in the back, although if she concentrated, there might have been a fourth in very rough shape. Maybe an animal. She frowned and looked over to the man in the front. He had a bloody shirt and crazy eyes. Eyes she’d seen before. She almost dropped her cigarette. She flicked the ashes up and brought it to her mouth, inhaling in a jerky breath. “I’ll be damned,” she said as she threw the screen door open. Chapter 13 : The Message Leia met the car most of the way up the drive. As she got closer, as the crazy-eyed man spotted her, she felt him probe her mind and shut it closed, cutting off his probe but also her ability to sense what he was about. She stopped in her tracks. She was barefoot, standing where the grass met the gravel. Without her second-sense, she was more blind than she recalled being. It was time for new glasses. She heard the screen door smack behind her and she had to remember it was certainly Han, with the gun. She didn’t feel like looking away from the crazy man’s face. The man blinked. He turned the ignition off and stared at her. She pulled her braid in front of her shoulder and crossed her arms. He glanced over at the girl beside him. The girl’s eyes were unfocused, her head lolling. Leia hadn’t paid as much attention to her as the man in front, but there was certainly something up with her. The man leaned back and said something, and the back door opened. A droid unfolded. “Are you a doctor?” it said. “I’ll do in a pinch,” said Leia. “I do not understand.” “Just tell him that. And tell him my hearing’s better if we’re not playing telephone.” The droid leaned back into the car. The man gripped onto the steering wheel, grinding his teeth. He opened the door and stepped out, careful to show his hands. He pointed at something next to her with one finger on his right hand. Leia glanced over. Han had their shotgun, pointed at the ground but ready. Han was staring at the crazy man’s features. Han saw what she’d seen in them. “We don’t have time for that,” said the man, indicating Han’s gun. “Dispose of it.” Han opened his mouth to speak. Leia hushed him. Han rolled his eyes. “We supposed to trust you, friend?” said Leia. “I’ll share my thoughts if you share yours.” “Fuck no. I don’t need you. You came to me,” said Leia. “You got an emergency? Your dog hit by a car? Something worse, maybe?” The man opened his eyes emphatically. “ Yes .” “Surgery is around back, drive up. Established customers only. If I don’t know your dog , you best drive away. Ya ken?” “He’s been shot in the leg,” said the man. He didn’t seem to have a trace of doubt about the situation. Leia went pale. The man climbed back into the car and floored it up the driveway. Han gave Leia a dirty look and jogged up the driveway after the car. Leia ran back through the grass, up the porch door, through her house and back out her kitchen, to the building where she had her practice. She left the rest to Han. “Threepio, we got surgery!” she yelled. She shed her nightgown at the door, padded quickly across the spotless surgery. If her tits were out while they came in, they’d have to fucking deal. Thankfully, they did not, and she found a clean set of scrubs by the sink and donned them before scrubbing up. Threepio was standing by the metal table, near their pre-prepared and film-covered table full of tools. He booted up at the sound of her voice. “What species?” he said. “Human.” “Oh, dear.” “We got this,” she said, projecting confidence she did not feel. “I am expressing empathy, madam.” “Just the facts for the next couple hours,” said Leia. Threepio went to his sink in the corner and ran sanitizing chemicals over his bright metal arms. He was mostly humanoid. Clients liked that. Felt less like she wasn’t giving a human’s job to a machine if the machine was shaped friendly. He would dispose of the chemical waste later. Leia looked over at the door. Her heart started beating a little faster. The others should have been in by then. She opened up her defenses for just a moment, just to get a sense of the atmosphere. “Aw, fuck ,” she said and ran for the door, opening it with her back to avoid touching anything. The other droid, a young dark-skinned man, and the crazy man were carrying a mostly dead Poe up the sidewalk quickly. She got out of the way and followed them in. Han wisely kept his weapon trained on them. “ Poe ?” she said. “Yeah,” said the young man. “You’re Finn?” she said. “Yes,” he glanced over at the crazy man. “Can you vouch for this guy?” said Leia nodding her head at the crazy man they lowered Poe onto the table. “ No .” Immediately, the man lunged at Han. Han raised his weapon, and the man grabbed it, pulling it toward his chest roughly. Leia flinched— — — nothing happened. “ Shit .” said Han. “It’s not loaded?” said Leia. “ Fuck no!” said Han, incredulous. Finn jumped on the man’s back and immediately started screaming in pain the man grabbed him by the neck and they both fell. Han threw the gun into the corner and fell on top of them. The man barely touched Han’s hand and he started hollering as well. “Threepio!” shouted Leia. 3-PO carefully assessed the pile and slowly lowered his heavy metal backside onto the man’s backside, pinning him as much of his four hundred pounds of metal as the job required. Finn and Han extricated themselves and panted. The man stopped struggling and, seemingly resigned, put his hands together behind his back. Finn barely hesitated before producing zip cuffs from his back pocket and looping them around the man’s wrists. Leia glanced back at Poe, on the table. The other droid had its hands gripped firm around Poe’s leg, stemming the flow of blood. “Drag him to the big cage and scrub back in, 3-PO” barked Leia. “Put the padlock on it.” “I’m terribly sorry about this,” said 3-PO. He leaned back over the man. “You’re a little taller than I’m used to carrying, this might be awkward. If you would assist me, it will go faster.” The man complied. He let 3-PO haul him to his feet and walked where he was led, to the other room where they boarded animals. “Han, turn this droid off for me. I don’t know what it’s programmed for,” said Leia. Han found the switch for her, and the light in its eyes went out. Its hand was tight around Poe’s leg. That wasn’t the worst thing. They’d just leave it while she assessed the damage and cut it off with the laser later. From a glance, it was extensive. She pulled a pair of gloves out from under the surgical table and put them on. “You all right?” she said to Finn. “Both of you?” she said, begrudgingly. “Boy’s like touching a jellyfish,” muttered Han. “What can I do?” said Finn. “How’s the girl?” “Oh, shit,” said Finn, eyes wide. “Ben, uh, says she has a concussion.” “ Ben ?” said Han. He looked from the door to Leia. Leia wouldn’t look at him. “Go get her,” said Leia. Finn ran out the door. 3-PO came back in and obliviously passed the couple as he made his way to his chemical sink. “Did you know?” said Han. “No.” He raised his eyebrows at her. “ No ,” she emphasized. He didn’t stop looking at her, looking for some trace of a lie. “I have surgery, Han,” she said. “Can you evaluate the girl?” “Yeah,” he said. “You sure?” “ Yeah ,” he said. He went out the door as 3-PO approached the table. She pulled the robot arm down from the ceiling and, cautiously, opened up her mind so she could see better. She’d just have to keep her mind in the present. She tore the film off of her surgical tray while 3-PO put in the IV, and they began. — Ben was alone for a long time. Ten hours, perhaps longer. He’d been put into a very large cage, big enough to sit up in comfortably but not quite tall enough to stand. His wrists and shoulders hurt. He needed to pee. The room was harshly lit and very quiet. Rows of empty cages lined one side of the room. The other had a pair of chairs, a counter, a table, and a large industrial sink. It wasn’t much to look at. Ben had no intention of calling for anyone. The others had cleared out of the room next door a little while prior. Poe had lived. Ben knew because Finn had ducked back in briefly, and was relieved rather than overwhelmed. Ben stopped paying attention at that point. The rest didn’t really matter. He heard the door open and looked up. It was the grizzled man the woman had called Han. He’d changed into scrubs. His hands were very full. He carried a chamberpot under his arm, a pair of scissors, a paper bag, and a plastic-wrapped suture kit. He unloaded most onto a small table and fished inside his pocket for a key. “3-PO’s in the other room. He’ll just drag you back. Want to stretch your legs?” Ben stared at him. “I mean piss. You need to piss?” “Do you think this is wise?” “I don’t think you’re gonna kill me.” “I tried to grab your gun.” “Mmm hmm. Stop fucking around.” Han unlocked the door. Ben scooted to the front of the cage and slowly, painfully, stood. Han held his hands out in front of him. “I’m just gonna frisk you. You mind?” “Yes.” “Well, I gotta. Legs apart, please.” Ben ran his hands over Ben’s body. He found Ben’s holster and removed it, tossing it. Ben kept his breathing even as Han ran his hand down the inside of Ben’s legs. He pulled Ben’s pant leg up. He found the scalpel stowed in Ben’s sock. Han clicked his tongue and tossed it next to the pile. “Sorry, man, I’m gonna need to get you down to boxers.” He sighed and started cutting Ben’s shirt off at the wrists. “Is this how Rebels treat prisoners? Aren’t you supposed to be morally superior?” “Hm? No. You’re not a prisoner,” Han considered it, “I mean, not really,” Han paused after removing Ben’s shirt to inspect the cut on his chest. Christ, that cut is bad. You tear it too?” “I’m not a guest,” Ben said, flatly. “You’re suicidal, son, and you had a weapon. I can’t leave you with cloth or shoelaces or anything for a day or two. Ya understand.” Han waited for a response. Ben swallowed. Han continued. “I’m sorry I left you so long. You were just last on the triage list after Poe and Rey.” “How are they?” “Poe’s stable. We’re keeping him in a coma. We don’t have the tools to take the leg off, so we called a guy. Infection’s the big problem. Rey’s… I mean, head injuries are kind of tricky, but she’s started asking after Poe.” “That’s good.” “Yup.” Han threw Ben’s pants off into the pile of things in the corner. He looked Ben up and down. “Look, I’m not going to hold your dick for you. You all right?” Han looked into his eyes earnestly. “Not really.” “Can you pee without making my day worse?” Han said. He almost managed to be wry, but real anxiety crept into his voice. “Yes,” said Ben. Han walked around back of him and cut the cuffs off. Ben walked to the counter where the bedpan is and pulled the elastic of his waistband down. Han grabbed the stuff in the corner and threw it out the door. “Dispose of that, 3-PO?” “Certainly, sir,” said the droid. Han wandered back to the suture tray. Nothing missing. Ben finished and went to the sink to wash up. Han followed him. “Lunch is in the bag,” said Han. “Just peanut butter, you know. Fruit cup. Water. Nothing fancy. I don’t have time to cook anymore. Have a seat.” Han indicated at one of the chairs and pulled a pair of gloves out from under the sink. Ben considered jumping the old man while he was bent. He decided he’d rather have stitches first. He grabbed the paper bag and sat. He opened it while Han took the cap off of a syringe. There was a book inside, well-worn. Ben frowned. Han glanced up. “What’s this?” “I mean, it’s just a novel. Rey said you liked to read.” Ben swallowed. “This is gonna sting,” said Han. Ben rolled his eyes. “You don’t have to talk to me.” “It’s fine. Before the war— I mean, the last one, the one? World War Four? We didn’t name ‘em, we just fought em and someone else named them later. Anyway, the one where the Republic fell, that one— I was in school to be a social worker. I was, uh, Rey’s age, I think? Didn’t work out, got conscripted. They made me a medic.” Ben winced as the needle poked into his chest a third time. “This is fascinating,” he said. “Mm-hmm. Anyway, I’ve run a couple support groups for vets. I’m open to listening if you want to talk.” “I’m not a soldier.” “So I hear. Just saying my experience. I’ll tell you something I’ve never told anyone if you tell me something.” Ben pressed his lips together. Han rubbed the skin around Ben’s wound in little circles to encourage the numbing to go faster. Ben pulled the sandwich out and unwrapped it, tearing into it. “I think my marriage is over,” said Han. Ben grunted. He pulled the water bottle out of the bag and took a swig. “Why?” he said. Han raised his eyebrows at Ben. “I’m bored,” said Ben. “All right,” said Han. “Numb enough?” “Yes.” “Your turn.” “I have nothing to say.” “Did you mean to shoot Poe?” “I don’t know.” Han nodded. “Fair enough. My turn.” Han pulled the edges of the wound closed and started stitching. “You can’t tell that woman ‘no’. Loved that about her. We were involved in the Rebellion from the start. The first rigged elections in Hosnia took place when we were in our junior year of college. I got conscripted, she enlisted. Anyway, Alderran, where we’re from, fell pretty quick, and we were caught on the wrong side of the line before they put the wall up. So we hunkered down, lied low. Passed as normal. Got pregnant, got married, in that order. Built a life. That’s what I thought was happening.” Ben felt Han’s energy. “Did she cheat?” he said, bored. “Kind of. She founded the Resistance behind my back and didn’t tell me.” “That didn’t end your marriage.” “Why not?” “That was thirty years ago.” “Right. Well, as a result of her involvement, we lost our son,” Han paused. Ben saw a flash of a small, burned body. Its shoes were on the wrong feet. Ben stiffened. Han’s eyes widened. “Shit. Sorry,” said Han. "Leia can do that too." “I’ve seen bodies. It’s fine,” muttered Ben. “Still sorry.” Ben frowned, bewildered. After a moment, he ventured, “But… you think I’m your son." Han looked into Ben’s eyes. “You caught that?” he said, softly. Ben looked away. “We had to send him to school,” said Han. “Leia had trouble with the birth, so it was in a hospital. The birth was recorded. We thought it’d be fine, they didn’t know us. But he came back with a blood-draw stick in his arm, and we got worried. Kept him sick until we got a truancy note. We sent him back, and the school burned down that day.” Han looked off, far away. He said, “W—when they showed us the body, it was the wrong height. Had your shoes on. Didn’t even bother to put ‘em on the right feet. Just showed us someone’s baby out of fucking— I don’t know.” Han’s lip curled in disgust. He sniffed. “Anyway, I saw you, you look just like my dad. My dad and Leia’s eyes. It’s spooky. Those goddamn ears.” “I don’t remember you,” said Ben. Han nodded. He started stitching again. “Leia never took ‘no’ for an answer. Never. Never mourned. Never moved on. Never got invested in our life again. Still loved her. But she started acting weird about six months ago, and she lied to me about it because she’d have to talk about it if she admitted it. Just lied and knew I knew she was lying. So I’m done. That's it,” said Han. “You should tell her, not me.” “She’s a damn psychic, boy, and she knows me. She probably knew before I did.” “Empath. It’s still rude not to tell her out loud.” Han sighed, “Is there a Miss Manners for empaths? Your ma’s the only one I’ve met. I guess only other empath, now you're back.” “It stands to reason it’s rude.” “Does it? I will tell her, In my time. But it’s something I never told anyone. Your turn.” Ben swallowed. He thought. “I…” Han stopped stitching as Ben’s chest started moving too unevenly to keep stitching. Ben shook his head, tossing his hair out of his eyes and blinked,“I don’t know how to stop,” he said. He was suddenly nauseated. Han stayed quiet as he finished the stitches. “Are you going to ask what?” said Ben. “If you want to tell me, you’ll tell me. I won’t judge. I thought I’d give you a minute.” Ben waited for the nausea to pass. He passed his hand over his face. “I fuck up everything I— I like. I don’t know how to stop. I’m not going to.” Ben waited to be contradicted. “There are some people who love you who are going to be sorry to hear that.” Ben laughed. “I just met you. I’m not pining for dear dad.” “Don’t mean me. Poe loves you. Rey’s pissed, and she might hate you, but she seems to give a damn. Finn doesn’t want you to die, which is mighty big of him, considering.” “Poe is knocked out. You don’t get to speak for him.” Han reached into his back pocket and pulled out a folded piece of lined paper. Ben recognized it as the kind the hotel kept in the desks. Han handed it to Ben. It was bloody at the corner. Ben unfolded it. “Finn says they got it from their hotel room when they tried to find Rey,” said Han. The top was covered with numbers. Ben felt, despite himself, a twinge of approval. Rey’d done the decoding right. He reached the end result. — My contact. I am rejoining the resistance. Finn does not know yet but I think he will agree. I do not want to but I made a deal: we get him out and he lives or I'm out. Ben is worth starting the war for again. He told us to evacuate Hosnia for my approval. He was that lonely. He did the right thing for what he thinks is the wrong reason. There isn't a wrong reason. He did what it took to be good. Whatever it took. He hates himself because that is what it took. I can’t leave him. Please give our new brother my love and tell him it will be over soon. — Ben threw the note. It refused to go far; it flipped and drifed to the floor. Ben stood. “I can’t handle this,” he said. “You’re going to,” said Han steadily. He didn’t move. “It’ll take some time, but you will.” “I shot him,” said Ben. “You just told me you don’t know that.” “You need to stop me,” said Ben. “3-PO!” shouted Han. Ben turned the table over to get to Han, who did not stand or protest. His hands wrapped around Han’s neck, and the droid was through the door a moment later. Ben felt his pulse start to slow and loosened his grip. Han caught him about the waist as he started to fall. “Easy,” Han said as he lowered Ben to the floor. “Are you all right, sir?” said the droid. “Yeah,” said Han. He put his hand on Ben's neck to check his pulse. “This poor fucking kid.” That was the last thing Ben heard before he was out. Chapter 14 Leia stepped out of the shower and wrapped herself in her robe. She’d heard somewhere, grade school perhaps, women ought to cut their hair once it started turning gray. For some reason, when she’d found her first silver hair in her widow’s peak, that quote rung in her head. Her braid was almost to her waist when it was done. She cut it when it got heavy. It was starting to get heavy again. It was cumbersome to take out and wash after surgeries, but necessary. The smell of blood and antiseptic seeped into everything. She combed through her hair quickly and braided it wet. She checked her throw-away phone she’d used to text the surgeon. He’d replied. It wasn’t good. She stepped out, dog tired. Reb, on the couch, perked up and started wagging. Asshole, on his perch on the bookshelf, stretched himself and did that little cat-trill thing. She padded into the kitchen, they followed, thrilled and oblivious to her problems. She poured them each some kibble and let them sort it out. Undoubtedly Wedge, their ancient mule, was unhappy from lack of attention. Han would have to get to him. Leia needed to check on the kids and fry herself a damned egg. The kitchen door opened. She looked up, expecting Han back. Instead, it was Han and C-3PO, with a limp Ben stretched between them. She pressed herself against the oven so they wouldn’t run into her. “What the hell?” she hissed as they lumbered past. “I need to keep a closer eye on him,” said Han. His neck was red with burst capillaries. They continued up the stairs. Leia went after then. “Not in my house,” she said. “ Our house,” snapped Han. “ None of them should see him ever again if they don’t want to.” “He’s going in my room, door closed. We’ve got maybe ten minutes before he’s up and kicking. Is the guest room going to be safe for that, or what?” Leia thought of arguing, but the thought of seeing her son’s corpse twice in her lifetime was a little too much to contemplate. “ Fine . I’ll warn ‘em. I’ll be right back,” she said. She jogged down the stairs toward the shed to find the rope. — Ben woke up while she and Han were tying his legs down to the bed. They’d already got him by the torso and around the waist. They’d stripped the sheets off. To Leia’s relief, Ben did not kick. He just stared at the ceiling. “I’m sorry,” muttered Ben. “That fuckin’ hurt, kid,” said Han. 3-PO dragged the ratty recliner from the porch into the room, per Han’s request. He stood at the corner of the bed, awaiting further instructions. “I gotta be frank with you, kid. We’ve got a medical emergency we’re not equipped to treat,” said Han. “Will Poe die?” said Ben. Leia cleared her throat. She gave Han a sharp look. “I mean you,” said Han. “I guess two of ‘em.” Ben ground his teeth. “I’m being obtrusive.” “ Yeah ,” said Leia. Han lifted his finger to her. “My area,” he mouthed. “ You’re not qualified,” said Leia. “That is what I’m saying, Leia! Christ .” Han leaned forward, fists on the bed, already angry. Years of fighting brought patient Han to his boiling point with Leia very quickly. He took a few breaths. He looked down at Ben. “Look,” said Han, “I want to do right by you. I really do. You are both going to need to help me out here. Ben, I don’t want to make this worse for you.” “Are you threatening me?” rumbled Ben. “ No . God, no. I mean it, you’ve got enough shit going on without this experience rattling around in your head forever, too. I don’t want to fuck this up, so help me out. I’ll listen as much as I can, we’ll work on it together. All I know is you can’t feel this way forever, and we’re going to wait it out.” “Why would you think that?” said Ben. Han looked at Leia for support. Leia herself seemed full of skepticism. “You can’t feel any way forever,” said Han pointedly. Leia looked away. “Least of all like shit,” Han added. “Everything’ll go back to plain old boring and crappy if you give it time, I promise.” Leia and Ben both snorted. Han clenched his fists in frustration. “I see the two of you got this figured out,” said Han. “Don’t mind me.” He stomped out, slamming the door. Leia crossed her arms. She looked down at Ben. He made a face she’d made a thousand times before at the ceiling. The Han face. “He can’t take ‘yes’ for an answer,” said Leia. “ Never has a sense of when he’s won.” “I see that,” said Ben. “He’s passionate, at least. The first twenty-five years or so were pretty peachy. Good run.” “I’ll take your word for it.” “’S fair, not your business anyway. You smoke? Han hates smoking. I’ll hook you up.” Ben shook his head. “I quit.” “Jesus. Why?” Ben, surprised, laughed. “No, I mean it. One of the few joys in life.” “I started coughing when I exercised.” Leia gave him her ‘fair enough’ frown and nod. She plopped down on the recliner. “Listen, I got to do some logistics. I know you’re pretty good with droids. Could you hack mine?” she said. She leaned her head on her palm, elbow on the recliner arm, casual. Ben would know it was an affectation, but she liked to keep in practice. Ben glanced at C-3PO. “Madam, I am quite secure, I assure you,” said the droid. “Yes,” said Ben. “I could hack it.” “How long would it take you?” “Ten hours, maybe. He’s an older model. They weren’t required to have the same security holes the new ones do.” Leia raised her eyebrows. “Ten hours is a while. Total time? Can you save your progress?” “It’s complicated. Some of it’s just planning on my part and doesn’t need to be duplicated or stored.” “What do I need to know to keep him un-hacked? I already took out his wireless card.” Ben sighed. “Have him clear his cache of stored conversations with me every half hour. I can’t get far if you do that.” “Got that, 3PO?” said Leia. “Yes, madam. Would you like me to do that?” “Sure would,” said Leia. She addressed Ben: “ That’ll get real annoying, with him repeating himself and forgetting what you said and all. Can’t leave you actually alone, though. Sorry. Just have him read to you I guess. I’ll have to drop by a few times a day and switch out so he doesn’t drive you nuts. Would you mind?” Ben stared at the ceiling. “Nice thing about amnesiac robots and women over sixty: you can tell the same jokes over and over. We’ll laugh every time.” Ben’s mouth twisted. He tried not to smile. “Gotcha,” she said. She stood. “Did you know it was me?” said Ben. Leia cracked her neck and leaned on the bedpost, at the foot of the bed. “What I knew… I knew Poe wanted to pull out attackatdawn. I know attackatdawn is the reason the Resistance lasted four years after they took the East Coast and all the territories north of the Rio instead of six months. I know without him, we would not have known to evacuate Hosnia. Turns out that attackatdawn guy is my kid. Found that out this morning. Anyway, all that counts for a lot with the General of the Resistance.” “Are you the General?” “That’s classified. And yep. Don’t tell no-one.” Ben swallowed. He thought. “You’ve done better than I’d expect from amateurs.” Leia grinned. It was the nicest thing he could say without lying, and she appreciated the lack of bullshit. As the Resistance had been quelled, the professional army of the Republican Resistance dwindled from professional conscripts thirty years prior to geezers and earnest wannabe kids who couldn’t shoot straight. Most of those kids had funny romantic ideas about voting booths or farming collectives. They’d neither farmed nor known the tedium of taking off work to stand in voting lines. She wondered if that would knock some of the mystique off, but there was no wrong reason for doing the right thing as far as Leia was concerned. “That means a lot coming from a professional in your field,” said Leia. “I hear you lost your job. Want a gig?” Ben paused. “I think my health has made me indisposed, at the moment.” “Happens.” She rapped the bed frame with her knuckles and turned. “But let me know if there is something specific,” said Ben. “We’ll find you something. No worries.” — Leia left Han to fume and wandered down the hall to the master bedroom. She knocked. “Y’all decent?” “Yes,” said Finn. She entered. Rey was laid out on the couch, a t-shirt over her face to keep the light out, but she seemed awake. Finn was in the big bed with his brother, under the covers with him, sharing body heat. Poe was hooked to an IV with fluids and drugs. They kept him under, but Leia still kept him deep in drugs in case he could feel anything. C-3PO did the math on the dosages for everything. Droids didn’t make trauma surgery easy, but they made it damn near possible for Leia to do without going crazy. She had no idea how they did it before droids. “You guys hear the commotion?” Finn licked his lips. Leia felt he’d heard Han and Leia raise their voices, but not much more. Finn was a noisy, expressive thinker. Didn’t have a lot of impulses he didn’t follow, and he had good ones. Sometimes Han expected Leia to be a better predictor of people than she was. Just because she might know three or four things someone might want in at any given moment, that did not mean she knew which thread they’d choose to follow. Finn thought in bold, decisive strokes and pruned away extraneous bullshit that distracted him. He sorted what was and wasn’t him with a natural ease. Talented at being sane. Gifted, even. Pleasant to be around, easy to read. Leia decided she might like him. “No,” said Finn. “Did something happen?” It was a polite lie, Leia paid it no mind. “Ben’s going to be confined to Han’s room. We’re going to make sure none of you see him. If he makes a lot of noise, he’ll go back in the kennels. You won’t know he’s here. Just stay away from the master bedroom.” Finn frowned. “Does he want to see us?” “ Finn ,” said Rey. “He doesn’t get a vote, so I didn’t ask him. I figured y’all wouldn’t. I’d especially advise against it for you, Rey, for a few days.” “Why me especially ?“ “Distress isn’t really great for concussions.” “Great,” said Rey. “When’s the surgeon coming?” said Finn. Leia sighed. She plopped on the sofa arm. She wondered whether it would be worse to lie to them or not. She’d already explained she couldn’t restore the blood flow to the rest of the leg well enough, and it needed to come off. That hit Finn harder than Rey. She wasn’t sure how much they could handle. She leaned toward trusting them with the information. “I want to promise you I have a plan. But it’s not going to involve the guy I wanted.” Rey pulled the shirt off her face and blinked in the light. She rubbed her face. “Do we need to go get him or something?” said Rey. Leia waved her hands at Rey. “Hm? No,” said Leia. “You stay put.” Rey winced at the movement and closed her eyes again. “To be honest, I need Ben.” “Why?” said Rey flatly. “We blew up a building. Everything’s on lockdown. I do know a surgeon who is sympathetic, but we blew up a building and some of the downtown is still on fire. Every half-qualified doctor in the city is at work and being watched because they know some of y’all got injured in the getaway.” “How do they know?” said Finn. “Poe left a liter and a half of blood behind, at least. They’re searching hospitals and conspicuously absent doctors,” said Leia. “Tell me why I should not be distressed.” said Rey. “There are computer programs specifically for planning trauma surgeries like this, and they are compatible with my droid. I kept a low profile and just keep simple human surgical intervention on C-3PO. I can take the leg off a cat or dog, but I’m not comfortable performing a complex amputation on a person. But I don’t have the expertise to download the program I need without getting caught at it.” “Ben does,” said Rey. “That’s right,” said Leia. “He does.” “You don’t think he’d help?” asked Finn. “I think he’s dying to,” said Leia. “Just do it, then," said Finn. “I don’t want to put you in hawk to him if that’s not what you want. You have a right to get him untangled from your lives. It’d fuck me up to be in your position and feel like you owe him and you got no choice.” “He owes us ,” said Rey. “Not doing anything’s not an option,” said Finn. “Nothing is always an option. It’s my husband’s favorite one, most times. We can try to find another way. Ben’s not well and he’s not been right. You can absolutely refuse to trade favors with him.” “What about Ben?” said Rey. “What about him?” said Leia. “Is this good for him?” said Rey. Leia paused. “It’s probably for the best if you don’t pay attention to that part of this. Let me, Han, and Ben manage that.” “Just tell me,” said Rey. Leia threw her head back and rested it on the wall. “What he needs right now is to be hospitalized and then years of therapy. That’s what Han tells me. I have no idea if we’ll ever be able to do that. Everywhere equipped to take him would report to the First Order. What I can do is keep him busy and useful. Keeping Poe alive and ya’ll safe seems to be his currency, so I’d like your permission to use it for now. No contact with you involved. Han’ll teach him to, yanno, fucking meditate, something. I’ll put him to work. Get him some help.” “He almost shoots us, shoots Poe, and we’re talking hospital and ’help’ and not jail,” said Finn. Leia looked around the room theatrically. She straightened the lace edging on the throw on the back of the ancient floral couch she and Rey sat on. “Welcome to the Resistance base: grandma’s house. I’m fresh out of Resistance hospitals or jails. Sorry ‘bout it. I was planning on expanding it a little, but my second in command’s been shot. The guy who shot him is another pair of hands who happened to be pretty effective at helping us before. I’ll take imperfect tools over none.” Finn turned on his side and scooted up to his brother’s body, pulling the blanket up over his shoulder. He seethed. Leia said, trying to be gentle, “Ever do shit you’re not proud of? Something really wrong that gnaws at you?” said Leia. “With respect, General, that’s not your business,” said Finn. Leia dropped gentle. “Cool. I have. It changes you.” Rey, said quietly, “Finn… I’m sorry. About the car.” Finn was unmoved, disturbed this was being dredged up. He’d been content to never speak about what Rey did in the car again. “I don’t wanna talk about this,” said Finn. “I got one point, and just think about it," said Leia. "Just one. Can I tell it to you?” Finn rolled his eyes but nodded in assent. “If you had to accept Phasma’s offer and worked for the Ministry of Truth, who would you be in twenty years?” “I wouldn’t ever put myself in a position to accept. I’d rather die.” “Weren’t you a Stormtrooper?” Leia narrowed her eyes a little. “You collaborated and lived. Not judging, just saying.” Finn held his chin up. “I know. Never again,” he said. Leia stood and brushed the front of her gown smooth, “You’re a better man than me, son. That’s the rightest answer there is. There’s people who’d still want you hanged for going at all, but I don’t agree with that. You’re here now, that’s what I care about. Back to the point: Ben’s here now, and he hasn’t been since he was five.” Finn swallowed. “ Five ,” Leia emphasized. “Fine. I get it,” said Finn. He did not get it, Leia knew, but it would rattle around his head for a while. She let it go. “Is having Ben do… whatever the best for Poe?” asked Rey. “I think so,” said Leia. “If there’s something better, I haven’t thought of it.” “Do I have to see him?” asked Finn. “No. Neither of you do.” Rey looked over at her brother. He nodded. “Okay,” Rey said. “I’ll bring it to him in a couple days after we’ve all had some rest,” said Leia. — By day three, Rey could spend a few hours sitting up and paying attention without her head hurting. Faces and people-shapes made sense again. She didn’t need help walking to the bathroom anymore. Unfortunately, it was occupied by Finn on one of his rare departures from the bed. He was showering. Rey crept down the hall, past the big bedroom. She paused. She heard a voice. Not Ben’s. She pressed her ear to the door. The clipped, high-Coruscant accent of Leia’s droid droned: “— Ye watch, like God, the rolling hours With larger other eyes than ours, To make allowance for us all. Fifty-two I cannot love thee as I ought, For love reflects the thing beloved; My words are only words and moved Upon the topmost froth of thought. 'Yet blame not thou thy plaintive song,' The Spirit of true love replied; `Thou canst not move me from thy side, Nor human frailty do me wrong.—” Rey felt through the door, carefully, with her mind. She saw Ben, tied up, and Ben felt her mind enter the room. Ben inhaled. He looked away from the door, pulled his mind close to his body. After a minute, he cautiously looked through, at her, again. She was furious with him. He looked pathetic like that. He’d done a lot to deserve it. I know, he thought. She pressed her hand against the door. He swallowed and inclined his head at her, stretching out the fingers of his bound hand. Rey pulled away and continued toward the bathroom. — Leia, who had the bedside manner of a doctor whose patients were dogs, praised her for standing and peeing by herself with an effusiveness that was not quite sincere. Rey wasn’t sure if she hated Leia, or hated the concussion and Leia reminded her of it. She was certain it was the first, but in the moment would forget. Also frustrating. She liked Han better. He brought food. Han came in to clean up lunch. Han found her staring at the ceiling. Finn had mostly stayed in bed next to Poe. Finn was asleep. Han knelt by the couch and whispered, “You bored?” “Yeah.” “Wanna go for a walk?” “Yes.” Han helped her up. She felt a little overwhelmed by the stairs, all parallel lines all the way down. Han helped her down them. “Must be boring,” said Han. “Yeah. I keep trying to read or something, but I get headaches.” “Totally normal. Give it a couple weeks, you’ll be right as rain.” “I doubt it.” They made it to the bottom step, and he walked her to the kitchen table. It was small, big enough for only two settings. Han had paper and children’s colored pencils set out at two settings for them. “Really?” said Rey, flatly. Han pointed at his chest. “I’m bored! I’m drawing. You do what you want.” He helped her to a chair, picked a color, and started scribbling. Nothing in particular. “Really?” said Rey. He gave her a grin. He was good looking for his age; he could almost pull off boyish, still. “I do what I want,” he said. Rey sighed and picked up a pencil. She started drawing little spirals on the paper. “Fancy,” said Han. “How’s your brother?” “Which one?” said Rey. “Finn.” “He’s not getting out of bed except to pee and stretch,” said Rey. “Leia told him Poe lost a lot of blood, so he’s prone to getting cold. Finn’s been under with blankets with him except to pee and stretch.” “Want a turn?” Rey stopped. “… Finn won’t let me.” “This upsetting?” said Han. Rey shrugged. “I think about it anyway. I threatened Poe to get to Ben. Finn isn’t… I don’t know what Finn thinks. He just knows it wasn’t right. He’s right. It’s like I’m— tainted,” Rey stopped, finally upset. She had a headache. “I didn’t have a choice,” she said. “Doesn’t help, does it?” Rey shook her head. “No,” she said, quietly. Han put his hand on her shoulder. He looked into her eyes. “You’re going to be okay,” he said. “Finn’s got his own stuff he’s dealt with in his own way, and it’s made it hard for him to see what you two have in common right now. Let me tell you, there isn’t a person in this house who doesn’t get it on a bone level. We’re alive in this mess, so we all had to do some things that hurt our souls and wrestle with why. Me too. Me especially.” Rey sniffed and nodded. She looked at her hands. Han stood and grabbed the paper towel roll off the counter and the bowl of oranges. He held both to her. “Pick your poison,” he said. Rey snorted and took one of each. She wiped her eyes and blew her nose. “Could be under better circumstances, but I’m glad to have you here,” said Han. Rey nodded and bit her lip. “Yeah,” she said. They doodled for a while. Rey peeled her orange. She’d only had a couple. She dissected it as she went, pulling at the white filaments in the middle with great curiosity and getting the juice all over her pencils. “Does it get better?” she asked. “I think I’m doing all right. I have good days. I think you’ll have a few yourself.” “What about Ben?” Rey continued doodling. She tried not to look too eager. Han stopped. He looked around for Leia. “What about him?” “I got attached to him too quick, I guess. Something about him lingers. I shouldn’t think about him. It upsets people if I’m… I can be mad at him around you guys, but not too much, and I can only be mad. I can mention him, but you guys still kind of… I don’t know. I have a lot of other— there’s a lot to sort through. You know?” Han cleared his throat. “That’s… understandable.” Rey nodded, lips tight. “Is he going to be OK?” Han chose his words carefully. “I’m going everything I know how,” he said. Rey nodded. “Thank you,” she said. Chapter 15 Han came in at four every day to visit with Ben. He brought dinner with him. C-3PO would loosen the restraints shortly before. Leia dropped by for breakfast and lunch, but on her own schedule. She perceived Ben liked routine, but did not care. She was funny and less grating than Han. Had better taste in books. There was something… something about how Han had heard Ben liked routine— maybe heard it from Leia— and committed himself to providing it. The routine, established by the third day, was that the droid would undo the restraints, Ben would use the chamber pot, and the droid would empty it while Han brought in Ben’s food and watched him eat. Ben ate standing. His back and thighs ached, and standing was a welcome relief. It was a ritual Ben didn’t control. An itchy, achey tedium. A routine, and therefore safe. Han had asked if Ben knew baseball the first night. Ben did not. Han had told him about baseball at length, nervously, aware Ben did not care and telling him anyway. Ben had caught a flash of a tall, broad, sandy-haired man, fingers tented, frowning, sitting on a blanket on the grass. Ben recognized the mouth, nose, and jawline as a variation on a look he’d thought was particular to him. Ben began to humor Han to see more glimpses of that man. But then he caught an image of men in odd white uniforms, arched backs, fingers curled around a ball with bright red stitching. Han could recount a game in statistics, but he recalled it in images, emotions, smells. Han, on the second night, showed him a very old book full of statistics. It looked older than Han. “Did you see any of this?” asked Ben. “Not these. Before my time. They used to call ‘em on the radio. I collect recordings of ‘em, books. This one’s my favorite. Wanna look through it?” Han gripped the ancient book hard, reluctant but eager to let Ben hold it. “No,” said Ben. Han’s face fell. “Read it to me,” said Ben. “I guess, if you want,” said Han cautiously. Han took his own dinner in the room and read statistics to Ben until he got tired and fell asleep in the recliner. Ben fell asleep after watching Han a while. Han was gone in the morning. He’d come back the next night. Ben was surprised he looked forward to it. Han read, and Ben read Han. Han started to give asides about the players: who had come up from poverty, who was too full of themselves, who had played despite a death in the family. High drama. Han loaded up C-3PO with an audio recording of a couple of games. Ben listened that day. He could not bring himself to give a damn about baseball. However, when baseball was on and he paid attention, time passed without him feeling it. He didn't feel every second pass. He felt like that, sometimes, programming or chatting with Poe online late into the night. It was almost like rest. It was pleasant to watch Han remember sitting, bored, as a child. Feel Han sitting in his father’s lap. To feel him, older, watching his dad watch baseball. It was a more pleasant tedium than Ben was used to. It was nearly time for Han to come again. “What time is it?” he asked the droid. He felt the right kind of sore in his thighs and back, and the light was the right color of golden in the window. Han would come by soon. “Three fifty,” said C-3PO. On that, the fourth day, something was different. It made Ben’s blood pressure rise. Finn was angry in the next room over, and it radiated through the walls. He couldn’t find any clues from Rey. He only felt her in her sleep, or sometimes when Leia or Han spoke to her. Leia was not the type to passively transmit her feelings everywhere. She used her empathic communication like a musical instrument, as expressive communication. She would open up or mute her mind as emphasis. She would change it along with the tone of her voice. Rey had started doing that. He could overhear her, sometimes, just a little. Ben had not thought to do that, to transmit his feelings like people used their voice or their body language. He tried not to imagine growing up in a house where that would be a second language to him. What he’d missed out on. “What time is it?” said Ben. “Three fifty five,” said C-3PO. The droid stood and started untying him. Han would be in in five minutes. But Ben was wrong. The door opened. Ben frowned. “We’re going to try something different,” said Han. “What?” Han raised his eyebrows. He said, conspiratorially, “How would you like to see the bathroom?” Ben blinked. The droid untied him. Ben swung his legs over the side of the bed and looked at the door. He felt the blood drain from his face. He ran his tongue over the inside of his bottom teeth. “What’s up?” said Han. Ben didn’t answer. “Whatcha thinking?” insisted Han. “I don’t… have the words for it.” “Nobody’s out there. You can come right back.” Ben nodded. He took a breath. He stood. He went out the door, flanked by Han and the droid. He saw why Han was worried: the bathroom was at the end of the hallway at the top of the stairs. He imagined himself jumping the banister and tensed, fearful he would. He breathed and let it pass. The droid had to go in with him and watch him. It stood in the tub. Ben had heard droids could be made to look more human, but people didn’t like it. They tended to be put in jobs where people didn’t want a pair of human eyes on them. It was still unsettling, sort of like an animal watching him pee. After Ben finished, he washed his hands. He looked at himself in the mirror. He’d lost weight. He hadn’t shaved since the first morning of the conference. He ran his wet fingers over the bridge of his nose, compared it with Han’s second-hand memories of Han’s father. “Are you all right, sir?” said C-3PO. “I could use a shave.” “I cannot permit you a razor, sir.” “Of course,” Ben said. Ben stepped out into the hallway, followed by the droid. The bannister didn’t bother him as much on the way back, but he still felt a little pang in his gut when passing. The door at the other end of the hall clicked. Han, Ben, and the droid froze. “Still in the hall!” said Han. “I’m coming out,” said Rey through a crack in the door. Han looked back at Ben. Ben stared at the door. He looked down at his body. He’d been given an ancient t-shirt. Han had cut the arms so they’d fit through. It wasn’t quite long enough. His navel showed above his shorts, also borrowed. He opened his mouth to reply, but words would not come out. He didn’t have it in him to ask her to stay put. The door opened just enough to let Rey squeeze through. She leaned against the door to close it, flattening herself against it. She was in one of Leia’s nightgowns, her hair in a french braid. Undoubtedly also Leia’s doing. They flinched at one another. Han stood between them. “You sure about this?” said Han. “Yeah,” said Rey. Her shoulders were tense. She balled her fingers into fists. “Have you asked him?” she said to Han. “I— I was gonna after dinner,” said Han. “Whatever you want,” said Ben. She met his gaze. Han looked at Ben’s face, then at Rey’s. Ben had not told Han he and Rey had slept together. He’d suspected, Ben knew. From the look on his face, from his energy, Han now knew. Han cleared his throat. “It’s probably best to hear us out first, son.” “If that would make you more comfortable,” said Ben. Han jerked his head in the direction of the bedroom. Rey followed them in. She stood, waiting to see where Ben would light. He did not. Ben’s dinner tray was on the nightstand. It was leftovers from the previous night: pot roast in a paper plate. It was already cut for him. He glanced over at Rey and picked up a chunk of meat with his fingers. Leia had not cut the fat off. “They won’t give me utensils,” he said. Rey cleared her throat and sat on the recliner’s arm. Han took the edge of the bed. Ben swallowed. “How can I help?” he said. — Rey had feelings— several of them — about seeing meticulous Ben in faded boxers and a too-small shirt. She kept them to herself. “So you just need the software?” Ben said. “Yeah,” said Han. Ben looked for something to wipe his fingers on. Han pulled a paper napkin from his pocket. Ben looked at it warily and accepted it. “What have you tried?” said Ben. “Nothin’.” “Nothing?” “Leia won’t tell me much, but I think we’re lying low. If she knows a tech guy, she probably can’t contact him. Meanwhile, we don’t know shit. Just that we shouldn’t buy it with our own money.” Ben nodded. “That would be unwise. Is there a curfew?” “Yeah. Seven to seven,” said Han. “I need an air gapped tablet. Or computer. Whichever.” “A what now?” said Han. “A computer or tablet that has never been connected to the internet. That’s pretty hard to find. They’re usually connected to update the firmware before shipping. It’s easier to build one.” “How would we get the parts?” “I strongly suggest you steal them. Any electronics retailer will do. I can give your droid a list.” “What would we do with that?” “Steal a cell phone and a credit card. Not from the same person, unless you dislike them very much. I can do the rest if you bring me along.” “I’d need to discuss that with Leia.” “You should do that before curfew,” said Ben. His tone was decisive. Han took it seriously. He stood. He glanced at Rey nervously. “You coming?” “Can I visit?” she said. “I’m not sure that’s a great idea,” said Han. “The droid’s here,” said Rey. Han considered it. “You’re an adult,” he said warily. He looked at Ben. “Listen, I was gonna let you out of the restraints for the rest of the night. See how it went.” Ben raised his eyebrows. “Yeah. But, uh, if she’s visiting and I’ve stepped out, I’d be more comfortable….” Ben nodded. He got into bed and assumed the position: not quite spread-eagle, but close to it, pillow under him to prop him up. “Ready when you are, 3-PO,” said Ben. The droid started tying him. Rey looked on, uncomfortable. Han waited until Ben was restrained at the arms and waist before leaving the room to talk to Leia. Rey looked at him. He looked back. “Hi,” she said. “Hi.” “How’ve you been?” “Better.” Rey nodded. She looked at 3-PO, nervous, then back at Ben. Ben heard something, like a whisper. An image of Rey doing something — she was not sure what, the image was very vague — and the droid’s eyes going dark. She needed him to fill her in on where the switch was. “That’s not a good idea,” said Ben aloud. “Why not?” she said. “What do you want, Rey?” said Ben. “I can’t talk to anyone,” she said. “I’m not sure I’m the man to talk to.” Rey rubbed her mouth with her hand. “I can’t stop thinking about it. I— I would have killed him, Ben. I don’t know if Finn will ever forgive me. I can't tell everyone everything. I can't stop thinking about it.” “You think I’m not angry with you?” Rey threw her head back sharply, “You'd have no right to be.” “And yet,” he growled. He tugged on his restraints. It was not a serious effort, but Rey took a step back. “Please calm down or I will ask miss Rey to leave,” interjected C-3PO. Rey breathed heavily. She blinked tears away. “I’m sorry," she hissed. "I am sorry. But what about you?” “I’m… I don’t know,” he said. He felt numb. “You would not understand.” Rey rolled her eyes at him. She kept her voice steady for the droid. “For fuck’s sake, Ben, try me.” Ben imagined himself pressing his finger into the droid’s ear. Rey swallowed. She stood, stretched, headed toward the door. She looked at the droid. “Oh,” she said, looking at it in mock surprise. “Miss?” said the droid. “You have a— a thing,” she said, looking at the side of its face. “A what?” it said. She wet her thumb on her tongue and wiped the shiny metal surface near the switch. “Careful, miss—“ — And switched it off. “What is it, Ben?” said Rey. He breathed. He looked at the ceiling. “I don’t feel like I had any other choice.” “You did,” she said. “I’m just saying what I felt. I’m not saying I was right,” he spat. “I know this is my fault.” “When why are you mad at me ? You're in the same position!” He opened his mouth, incredulous. “Do you want me not to be mad?” “ Yes .” “ Why ?” “Just accept it!” she said. She turned, fingers balled into fists. Unsatisfied, trying not to make more noise, she hit herself in the thigh, hard. “Don’t do that,” said Ben, quietly. “I care what you think,” said Rey. “I don’t want to hear about why that’s good or bad. I don’t want to hear what a piece of shit you are. I don’t want to wonder what it means about me that I care. I don’t want to talk about how we don’t know one another. I don’t want you to argue with me. I just want it to be a fact and we just live like it's true. I don’t want to dissect it looking for meaning right now. Okay?” “Okay.” “Can you do that?” she said, still hyped up. “I said ‘yes.’” “Okay.” A minute passed. It was quiet. Ben was used to the dim hum of downtown Couriscant outside his window. He’d had the droid, or his father, or his mother talking to him every moment he was awake, and had asked the droid to make white noise while he slept because the quiet was so unsettling. “Would you be my friend?” said Rey. Ben took a very deep breath. “I’m not very good at making friends,” he said. Rey shifted. Something about her breathing changed. He felt her eyes on him, on the gap between his shorts and shirt, on the hair that crept down from his navel. She flushed and looked away. She flashed him a glimpse of her deep discomfort with herself by way of apology. “I’m sorry. I know you don’t like people looking at you.” “Nothing you haven’t seen,” he said hurriedly. She rubbed her face. “We’ll— uh, we’ll talk. I’ll visit.” “Okay,” he said. “I wouldn’t mind,” he added. “I miss you,” she said. He did not know what that meant. He could spend hours wondering what it meant, if he deserved it, if he even wanted it. Instead, he let it exist. It was a fact. She missed him. He’d missed her, always. In his time, he might let her know. They heard footfalls on the stairs. Rey flipped the droid on. It looked around. “I seem to have lost time,” it said. “I’m sorry,” said Rey. “I don’t know what happened.” “I was switched off,” it said. “I tried to turn you on again,” she said. The droid looked at Ben. “She did. It was very strange.” “I will have to run diagnostics,” it said. Han opened the door. Leia followed him in. She flashed Ben and Rey her deep dislike of them being in the same room and glared at them. “Yes?” said Ben. “I’d like to start tonight,” said Leia. “You ready to pull an all-nighter?” “Yes.” “Let me see,” said Leia. Ben opened up his mind. He shook the hair out of his face and breathed. Leia and Rey’s faces tightened. Han looked at each of them, worried. Ben shut himself off again. “Are you OK?” said Han to Ben. “He’s not having a lot of fun, but he’ll be fine for tonight. Right?” said Leia. “Untie me,” said Ben. Chapter 16 : Subsumed Finn could not be coaxed from the master bedroom. Ben was permitted ten minutes in the bathroom to have the briefest of showers. Rey got dressed in her jeans and shirt. She turned the shirt inside-out so the Firebird Designs logo was not visible, then put her blazer on over it. It would be cold outside. Han and Rey sat awkwardly in the downstairs living room, waiting. It was dim in the waning light. The couch she and Han sat upon was low and floral. Reb padded up and put his chin on Han’s knee. Han absently scratched him. Upstairs, Leia scrounged for clothes for Ben which he could wear outside without attracting undue attention. Han didn’t like to throw clothes away in case they fit again, so she dug deep and eventually found a waist size that looked right. Han was only a little shorter than Ben; the length would be fine. Nobody had volunteered to scrub the blood out of Ben’s shoes and they had been damaged. Leia retrieved them anyway. Closed toed shoes in any state of repair were better than none. Shirts were a different problem. Ben was broader than Han. Leia could not find a shirt which was both nondescript enough and fit Ben’s arms. She returned to the living room with an ancient black shirt of Han’s. “You’re not going to cut that one up, are you?” said Han. “You haven’t worn it for twelve years.” “That doesn’t sound right,” said Han. Leia retrieved the shears she used to cut up chicken from a kitchen drawer. She ran the scissors up the inside of each arm and jogged upstairs. She returned soon with a dressed Ben and C-3PO. Rey spotted Ben on the staircase. His dark, slightly wavy hair fell into his face as he walked down the stairs. He had long stubble on his lower jaw and creeping down his neck, which covered a mostly-healed scratch across his face. His shirt was a little tight across his chest, and the pants were a little high-waisted on him. He spotted Rey. He pushed his hair out of his face and stood next to the stairs, arms crossed in front of him. “When do we leave?” said Ben. “Soon as our ride gets here,” said Han. “Who?” said Ben. “Old friend,” said Han. “Does he know anything about computers?” “He’s a big guy with a fast car and a shotgun. Doesn’t speak English,” said Leia. Ben cleared his throat. “I’d like Rey to come, then.” “Nope,” said Leia. “She’s four days out from a head injury.” “I can show her what I need quickly. She can retrieve it quickly.” “That is exactly the kind of work I don’t think she should be doing after a head injury. She shouldn’t be doing this.” “Should Ben be doing this?” said Rey. Leia shot her a look. “Let her go if she wants,” muttered Han. Leia crossed her arms. She radiated disapproval. They heard the crunch of the gravel driveway. Leia peeked out the lace curtains for confirmation. “It’s him,” she confirmed, mostly for Han’s benefit. “We’ll tell him the plan and get going,” said Han. He stood and abled to the kitchen, toward the door. Whoever it was did not knock, he merely threw the door open. “Chewie!” said Han. The man— Rey felt it was a man— grunted. Han rounded the corner with him. Chewie was taller than Ben, which was very common, and sported a full beard which crept up uncommonly high on his cheekbones. He was a difficult to determine age; dark haired with the occasional gray peppered in. His nose had been broken at least once. His work shirt was rolled up over his forearms and unbuttoned an extra button. He was hairy. A gold chain was nestled in his chest hair. He wore a red star union pin from a prior age, and a rifle slung over his back. He had something in his ear; a hearing aid, Rey realized. He glanced at Rey and Ben, then over at Han. He moved his hand up to his mouth and crooked his finger in front of it, eyebrows down. “Ben, and Rey” said Han. He held up his right hand and moved it precisely. Rey recognized the sign language alphabet. She knew how to spell her own name and that was it. Rey frowned and reached out with her mind, curious about the man. He didn't sense her. He was not empathic. Chewie looked at Ben, hard. He looked back at Han. He held his hand up to his forehead, as if saluting, thumb tucked in, eyebrows down. He swept it across his body, to his elbow. Han nodded. He had a strong emotional reaction to the question. Between listening in on Chewie and overhearing Han, Rey caught the meaning. Son-B? Chewie had said. There was something like the concept of baby tied up in there as well. Han had recognized it as Ben's name. Chewie chuffed, face stoic. Han cleared his throat. Chewie marched over to Ben and offered him his hand. Ben shook it cautiously, clearly not used to the idea of someone larger than him. Chewie clapped him on the arm. “Chewie can read lips all right,” said Han. “He can hear loud noises fine with his hearing aid in. Don’t like, shout at him or anything. Just be normal.” Ben nodded, not taking his eyes off the larger man’s. “Where to?” said Ben. — They negotiated who was going. Leia would stay behind. Rey and Ben would go. Han would drive to their destination, and Chewie would drive getaway. Chewie opened up the back of the ancient silver hatchback and pointed Rey and Ben inside. There was a wide bench seat on the floor, facing the back, and a duffel bag. Rey and Ben climbed in, crouched, and sat. Ben pulled his seatbelt and half of Rey’s from deep inside the rust-colored stitched cushions. They each bent their legs up, unable to stretch their legs out fully in front of them. Chewie climbed up after them and unzipped the duffel. He rummaged around inside and pulled out a fistful of knit masks. He caught both of their attention and demonstrated how to roll the rim up and don it, like a hat. He then pulled it down over his face quickly, to demonstrate. He then threw one to Han in the front seat. Ben nodded and copied. There were cameras in the store, and their faces could be used to identify them. Rey looked down at her hands, squinting. “Are you OK?” said Han from the front. Ben looked over at her. Rey rubbed her face. “Yeah, it’s just annoying,” said Rey. Ben frowned. “Oh?” “It’s just taking me a minute to… just simple things take me a minute. It sucks.” Han signed something to Chewie. He took his cap off and demonstrated again, slowly. Rey copied him, rolling the rim under and pulling it onto the crown of her head. Chewie gave her the thumbs up. He climbed out the back, closed the door, and rounded the side to the passenger seat. Rey looked ahead, embarrassed. She rubbed her hands on her jeans. Something touched her outer thigh. She looked down. Ben’s hand was rested on the seat, fingers splayed and pressed into the cushion, the tips of his middle and ring finger touching her pants. She looked up at his face. He was looking straight forward. “How long until we’re there?’ said Ben. “Thirty minutes with traffic,” said Han. “We’re going across town. We’re spending the night in a storage locker afterward.” “Full or empty?” Han signed at Chewie, then translated, “It has two cots and a toolbox.” “That’s fine,” said Ben. Han threw the car into gear and revved the engine. It rumbled with a chest-deep bass. “This car is conspicuous,” said Ben. “Damn right. She’s mine. Lot of memories in here,” said Han. “I thought she was Chewie’s?” said Rey. “She was mine, once,” said Han softly. “She’ll always be mine.” Rey felt Ben close his mind down a fraction of a second before she did the same. Han threw the car into gear, turned around to look out the back, and started backing down the drive. “I have some, uh,” said Ben, “things to discuss.” “Like what?” said Han conversationally. “I’d like to show Rey what we’re looking for. If you don’t mind. Not aloud. Just show her what I’m thinking.” “You can do that?” said Han. “I believe empaths can. I haven’t attempted with mother. Rey and I might seem a little strange while we talk. I don't think we'll be able to hear you.” “Huh. Go ahead, I guess.” Ben looked down at Rey. She took a deep breath. Rey licked her lips. Slowly, she placed her hand over Ben’s. Rey blinked. — Rey opened her eyes and started. She was— they were— back in the room where Ben had been held. Ben was on the bed, tied up. She was back in Leia’s nightgown. He was in a white button up shirt, tie, and dark pants. No shoes, though. The droid was nowhere to be seen. She looked around, at the corners of the room. It had a hazy dream geometry to it as if someone who had not seen a room from a particular angle tried to sketch it. Her head didn’t hurt. She realized it’d been days since it hadn’t hurt. She focused on Ben. “Why are you tied up?” she said. “I thought you’d be more comfortable,” he said. “I don’t want to scare you.” “That’s uh, an interesting way to go about it.” “Look in the closet,” he said. Rey walked to the closet and opened the door. It was empty, save for a box labeled “computer parts” in black block letters. Rey crouched and pulled back the cardboard lid. Inside there were neatly arranged and packaged parts. She pulled them out, one by one, and laid them on the carpet. “I should be right there with you. Just in case you find it first.” “What if something happens to you?” said Rey. “I don’t know how to put these together.” “I don’t think we have quite enough time to show you how to build a computer. We’re going to steal a phone in any case. Look it up on that if something happens to me. You need to ditch the phone within twelve hours. Don’t ditch it anywhere close to where you’re staying.” “Why are we stealing a phone?” “First we’re going to purchase and download the software onto the phone with a stolen credit card. Second, we will transfer it onto the computer once we’ve built it. On the computer we’re going to check for viruses and other unwelcome add-ons. Then we’re going to transfer from the computer to the droid. Got it?” Rey stood, turned, and nodded. “I hope I remember this. My— my head’s not working right since I hit it.” “I’m sorry,” said Ben. Rey thought back. It was easier to think than it had been in a while. The minutes following her concussion, previously garbled, filled in a way that almost made coherent sense. “Did I scratch you after I hit my head?” Ben tilted his head in assent. “I probably deserved it.” Rey sat herself down on the edge of the bed. Ben tensed almost imperceptibly. Rey pushed her weight from her bottom down to her feet. The bed springs creaked, and she bounced a little. “It feels so real,” said Rey. “It's like a really vivid dream.” “It does. I’m not sure I’m doing all of it,” he said. “I don’t know if we’re seeing exactly the same thing.” “Does time pass the same? Are we, like, making noise?” “I’m not sure. I don’t think we’re moving in real life. We should ask,” said Ben. The room started to fade. “Wait.” The world snapped back into focus. Ben breathed in. “Yes?” “Do you think… being in your head influences me?” Rey slid her hand across the bedspread, toward him. When her fingers brushed against the white cotton of his shirt, he shuddered. “I think you’re more in control here,” said Rey. “This isn’t what the room looked like to me, so I'm not making it. My head doesn’t hurt. I’m not confused. Am I— am I saying this, or are you imagining I’m saying this?” “I… I don’t know,” said Ben. “Are you uncomfortable?” “Always.” Rey thought for a moment, “Why are you uncomfortable now?” Rey’s hand slid up the side of his ribcage, up to his tie. Her fingers played with the knot. She leaned close to him. “I’m— I’m worried that—” said Ben. “That what?” She bent and kissed him, and he returned it desperately. When she pulled back, his head lifted off the bed, following her, needy. She looked down into his eyes. “Could I leave if I wanted to?” she said. She pulled his tie off and started on the top button. He squirmed as her fingers brushed against this throat. “I don’t know how much of this is you. I don't think it can all be you.” “You could leave if you wanted," she asserted. “Yes.” She crept up onto the bed, kissing down his chest as she unbuttoned him, straddling his thigh. His muscles moved over his ribcage. She threw his shirt open, pulled it out from under the rope around his waist, and ran her hands across his abdomen. “If— if you don’t know if this is really you—“ he said. “I think it is. In the ways that matter,” she said. “I’ll have to put a— a stop to this,” he said. “Maybe I like the ambiguity,” said Rey. The room started to fade. “You didn’t know I had freckles,” said Rey quickly. Ben paused, cautious. “What?” “Last time. I had to tell you I have freckles on my arms. This can't be all you.” “I could have guessed about the freckles.” “You're just torturing yourself because you want this, so you won't let yourself have it,” she said. "Maybe you could stop for a minute. I've had a shitty, lonely few days and this feels good. And honestly, I don't think I'm just you talking to yourself because I don't think it would ever occur to you to stop torturing yourself, let alone have me tell you.” “It’s something I’d want you to say.” “But it’s not something you would have me say. Right?” Ben’s face tightened. He sucked the inside of his lips. “ Right ?” she said. “Should we be doing this?” he said. She sighed, exasperated. She ran her hand up his neck, rested her hand on his face. He turned into it. “You can stop me any time, Ben.” “Why would you want this?” he said. “Shh.” His eyes darted from the ceiling, down to her, and back. He wet his lips. Rey ran her hand down his neck, down his chest, over the rope at his waist that held him firm to the mattress. She undid the button, unzipped him. His breath hissed through his tightened throat. She inched his trousers down, a difficult task as he was so firmly bound to the bed. Once they were at his knees, she was finally satisfied. She crawled back up him, running the tip of her nose up his thigh, up the leg of his underwear. She kissed the underside of his erection through the fabric of his boxers. His thighs tensed. She lifted her head, supporting herself on one hand, and ran the other up and down the length of him, slowly. “Do you like being tied up?” she said. “Not— not very much,” he said. “Tell me why,” she said. “I c-can’t move,” he said. “What would you do if you could move?” she said. “I’d— I’d fu—“ he exhaled as she wrapped her hand around him, imitating how he’d seen him touch himself the first time they’d been together. “We’re going to do that anyway,” said Rey. “I could imagine something different,” said Ben, his tone threatening. Rey ignored him. She pulled his boxers down. “I’ve never done this before,” she said. She pressed her tongue flat against the base of him and dragged it upwards. The muscles in Ben’s lower abdomen tensed. He flexed his hip muscles, straining against his restraints. She lifted her head. “Tell me how,” she said. “Don’t suck it,” he said, then winced. “I mean— I mean, v-very little suction, almost none. No teeth. It’s, uh, more about the lips and tongue.” “You seem nervous,” she said. “I don’t feel in control,” he said. She kissed the tip of him before pulling it into her mouth, slowly. She went down as far as she could, tongue running across the bottom of his penis, then pulled back up and let his erection drop back down against his stomach. She looked up apologetically. “I, uh, can’t get it all in.” “T-that’s, uh,” he said. “You can use your hands around the base.” Rey pulled her nightshirt over her head and threw it on the ground. She was naked save for panties. “We’ll figure it out next time,” she said. “I— I’m not sure I can— I’m not sure I—“ he said, almost panicked. “Shh,” she said. She crawled up him, to straddle him. She leaned forward, dragging her nipples across his chest. — and suddenly felt something odd, suddenly cold, disoriented, as if all of her insides were exposed to the air. The room exhaled, then tilted. She tried to move, and the feeling of her wrists— of ropes cutting into her wrists— oriented her. She was face-down on the bed, still naked except for panties. She heard Ben stand, saw him step out of his pants and underwear. “You need to respect when I say ‘when,’” he said. “That was getting very uncomfortable.” “I’m sorry. I thought you’d wake us up if you didn’t like it,” she said. He bent. He ran his fingers across her ear to move the little hairs out of the way of his lips. They brushed against her while he whispered. “We can’t wake up. We’re not done yet.” Rey nodded, her face rubbing against the sheet below her. She breathed heavy. “Can you leave if you want to?” he said. Rey thought so but was not sure. “Yes,” she said. “Should I come in your mouth or inside you?” he said. “I’ll talk you through it if you want me to fuck your mouth.” Rey squirmed against her restraints. In the same way, it had been easier to be forward with him pinned and spread-eagle in front of her, her own helplessness made saying what she wanted strangely terrifying. He could just do what he wanted instead. Nothing but stopping the entire thing could stop him. She did not want it to stop. “I could decide for you,” he said. “I want you inside me,” she said, quickly. He seemed, somehow, touched. He kissed her on the corner of her mouth. She could not turn her head far enough to return it. Ben looked up and down her body, thinking. After a moment, he freed her from the rope around her waist. He hooked his fingers under her hipbones, encouraging her to lift her hips as far as she could while still spread-eagle. She pulled down, bending her knees, rolling her shoulders up to give her leeway. The mattress creaked under his weight and bowed as he climbed, on his knees, up between them. Without much thought or effort, he tore her panties. The fabric dug into her sharply. She hissed in pain. He pressed his hand against the curve of her bottom, pulling the muscle aside. She waited, and he rewarded her patience. He pressed into her, painfully slowly. “Oh my God,” she said. She pressed her face into the mattress, her toes curling. When he was all the way in, he lowered his hips onto her, until his entire chest was resting on her back, his outer thighs pressed tight between the soft skin of her inner thighs. He put much of his weight on his elbows, but not all of it. Just enough to make Rey gasp for breath. He scooted his arm up her body and wrapped his fingers around her throat lightly. “Did you really want some domestic life with me? Did you say ’t-shirts, and cooking?’” he whispered. “I’m not a nice man.” He thrust into her. She groaned. “This is what I’m best at,” he said. “This kind of thing.” With every thrust, his weight pressed into her, pushing her breath out. She exhaled, her breath shuddering. She let her voice jerk out in a rhythmic “uh-uh-uh.” She started to tense around him. He slowed down, taking shallower strokes. “I’d like to hear your thoughts,” he said, straining to keep his voice impassive, precise. “I— I never thought you were nice. I just liked you.” “I don’t want you to like me. I want you to come.” Her breath jerked out in a shaky laugh. “Liar.” He pulled out, suddenly, standing at the side of the bed, looking in her eye. He pressed his hand against her face, dragging his palm across the side of her mouth, across her cheek. “What did you call me?” he said. “Liar.” He fumbled for her restraints and, growing frustrated, suddenly imagined them gone. Rey curled up, aching from where they had pulled her limbs tight. He flipped her over, pulled her hips around, and was inside her again quickly. She spread her legs and he lowered down to kiss her. She pressed her tongue against his lips, and he parted his to let her in. They pressed hard against one another, as if pressing harder might pull them closer, as if that were possible. Their breathing slowed. She wrapped her arms and legs around him. Suddenly, Ben flinched— not in pleasure. He pulled away from the kiss and looked around, disoriented. The room began to darken once more, details fading. A moment later, Rey felt a sharp pain, like a light slap across her cheek. Her head started to ache. Little details— the feeling of the cotton under her, the freckles on Ben’s face— faded first, followed by larger ones. She felt strangely numb. She no longer felt his chest against hers, or him inside her. “I think we’re out of time,” said Ben. Rey opened her mouth to reply, but it faded, and they faded, like waves on the sea subsumed back into the depths. — Ben blinked. His eyes focused. Chewie was holding up the hatch and leaning forward, worried. Han bent forward, hands on knees, looking at them. He exhaled, relieved when he saw Ben’s eyes focus. They were at the back of a large gray building, near a loading dock. They had arrived at their destination: the back of a large electronics store. Ben ran his hand through his hair to push it out of his face and glanced over at Rey. She lifted the back of her hand, the one far from Ben, to her face. The other still rested on top of his. “Oooh, man,” said Rey. “You two were breathing pretty heavy,” said Han. “You two OK?” “Fine,” said Ben hurriedly. “How about you, Rey?” said Han. “You all right?” “Not great,” she said. Ben’s hand tensed under hers. She wove her fingers between his. “My headache was gone. It’s back now,” she said. Ben relaxed. “Shit. Maybe you ought to stay in the car.” “No, I’m fine. Ben showed me what we’re looking for.” “Listen, this is serious,” said Han. He signed at Chewie. Chewie, reluctantly, pulled up his shirt and handed Han a pistol from his waist. He stepped back and motioned for Ben and Rey to get out of the car. They unbelted and stood, each a little unsteady. Chewie picked up the empty duffle bag and pressed it into Ben’s chest. “You let me be the muscle, you get it?” said Han, “I decide if anyone gets hurt, not you two. You’ve been through enough. In and out quick as possible. We need to be out in twenty to get off the roads before curfew.” “We should be out in less than ten to avoid the police,” said Ben. Han nodded. “That too.” Rey turned, suddenly, and vomited onto the pavement. Ben put his arm around her to help hold her up. “All right,” said Ben. He walked her around the side of the car into the passenger seat. “Just Han and I.” “ Fuck ,” she said. “I’m fucking useless.” He cupped her chin in his hand, turned it up to her, and looked her in the eye. “ No ,” he said, firmly. Ben felt a large hand clap on his shoulder. He looked up. Chewie squinted at him. Chewie did not look appreciative of Ben’s fingers curled around Rey’s jaw. “We’re… she’s my girlfriend,” lied Ben. Rey exhaled, flustered and too woozy to add anything. Chewie, if anything, looked even less impressed. Ben looked at Han. Han seemed no more comfortable than Chewie. He tapped Chewie on the shoulder. “I’ll talk to him later,” said Han, signing one-handed to avoid waving his gun around. Chewie seemed satisfied with this. He jerked his head over toward Han. He let Rey’s face go. “Stay safe,” she said. “We have unfinished business,” Ben answered. Rey felt a little chill run from between her legs and grab her, right in the sternum. She watched as Ben and Han jogged away, toward the building. She listened for signs of anything going wrong— shouting, a bang, something. There was nothing. Rey looked back up at Chewie. When he saw he had her attention, held his hands in front of him at waist height, pressed his fists together, and moved his thumbs, as if pantomiming texting. She frowned and shook her head. She hadn’t brought it. He signed and pulled his own out. He pulled the battery off the back and yanked out the sim card before replacing it. He pressed a few buttons and started typing as he walked around the side of the car, to the driver’s seat. He left the back hatch open. He handed the phone to her and buckled in. he should not grab like that, it said. She looked over at Chewie. He looked down at the phone, then up at her, eyebrows raised. “We’re still figuring out how to act like adults,” said Rey. He held his hand out for the phone. She rolled her eyes and handed it back. He typed something, then pressed it back into her palm. he's too old for that. let him figure out on someone else. young people deserve better Rey looked at her fingers. “You don’t know. Maybe I’m a bad person. Or really old,” she said. She looked back up at him. “Anyway, I think I deserve him, whatever that means. It’s complicated.” Chewie scrunched his face up at her sardonically and shook his head at her. “Do what you want,” he said. His voice was low, all chest, missing all the high melody of a hearing man’s voice. That was all he had to say on the subject. He’d said his piece. Rey, once her vision stopped swimming, rolled up her sleeve as casually as she could manage. She had freckles on her arm. She felt a little better. They waited a very long seven minutes. Chapter 17 : Seven Minutes Ben took the short steps up to the loading dock two at a time. “What’s the plan?” Ben said to Han. “Just follow my lead,” Han replied. Ben scowled at him. Han tucked the pistol into his waistband and pulled his sweatshirt over it. Ben rolled his eyes. “You’re going to shoot your dick off,” he muttered. “Don’t use it that often lately anyway,” said Han. Ben pursed his lips in disgust. Han rapped on the back door. There was a narrow window in it. A bespectacled mousy blond woman in a red vest sat behind a wire cage in a loading area. She was cutting open bundles with a knife-ring. She stopped and ambled over, warily opening the door. “Yeah?” “We heard you need temp guys?” said Han. The woman frowned. “I did before the curfew. Might again after it’s been lifted.” “Can we see an application?” asked Han. “Have either of you driven a forklift?” “Have done,” replied Han. “Been a few years.” She glanced at Han and Ben. Han she liked. Ben felt the woman thought he didn’t look right. Han would get the job. Ben would not. Ben had a sense that even Han, deaf to feeling what others felt, knew what Ben did and that the woman knew they both knew. Ben felt a deep disquiet which might have been overwhelming had this been a real transaction: a father and son looking for work. He’d have been trapped in another twenty minutes of interaction with a person pretending, for reasons he could not fathom, he actually had a shot at the job. And if he had walked off abruptly, even though the entire situation was transparent, to all parties involved, the woman would find him even stranger. His relationship to the First Order, at least, required little pretense. He was a tool to some and a terror to others. Simple. The inside of the loading bay had no people in it. Just boxes upon boxes. They followed the woman to her desk in the wire cage. It had an ancient computer on it. “I’m closing up, store’s closed for curfew,” said the woman. “I need you both out of here in a minute. Just give me your ID numbers and phone numbers, I’ll do a quick background check and get back to you tomorrow. First shift starts at seven thirty while the curfew’s on, but normal shift is four to two. We don’t have heat or AC in the warehouse. Bring your own gloves, closed toed shoes.” “The usual, huh?” said Han as he lifted his shirt. “Yep,” she said. Han trained the gun on her. Ben bit his tongue. It was not what he would have done. They had a second, maybe two before the woman turned. Ben grabbed a roll of tape off the top of a box. She grabbed a pen off her desk and finally did turn. It took her a moment to realize Han had a gun. “We don’t keep cash back here,” she snarled. Ben walked around Han and stood a short distance away from her. “Sit down,” he said. She looked at the tape and was suddenly, in a new way, terrified. Two men and a roll of tape. She would scream once he taped her to the chair, he knew. Ben pulled off a length to put over her mouth first. She staggered backwards, sitting in the rolling chair. “There are cameras back here,” she said. “Better fucking run.” “She’s lying,” said Ben as he tore the tape. He bent and pressed it over her mouth. As he did, her hand, the one with the knife-ring, came up and across his face. He threw his body across hers, knocking her to the ground, and pulled her, struggling, around the front of his body and into a choke hold. She slashed at his bare arm. Ben didn’t feel it yet, but blood started dripping down into his right eye. Han grabbed the tape and quickly bound the woman’s hands together, dragged her, kicking, to the chair. He taped her roughly to it. She stomped the ground and tipped herself over. Han panted. He avoided looking at Ben’s face. He looked at his watch. “Four minutes left,” he said. Ben pulled the mask down to absorb some of the blood now flowing from his brow onto his cheek as he stood. Blood dripped down his arm into his palm. He closed his fist around it. The computer on the desk caught his eye again. The screen was black with green lettering on it. “Grab that,” he said to Han, pointing at it. “Cables, monitor, and keyboard too.” “Is it what we need?” said Han. “I’d rather work with that than stick around.” He pulled the woman’s wallet and phone out of her pocket as Han unplugged the computer and its components. He pulled the credit card out and wrapped his bloody fist around it. “You’re going to have a bad day, Angela,” Ben said to the woman as he read her name tag. He didn’t have time to get a phone and credit card from two people. If he weren’t cut up, if they’d been more careful, if they’d had three sets of hands with them, maybe. “If you tell the truth, you will probably live.” Angela didn’t seem any happier with him. Was not comforted. He thought for a moment. He looked over at Han. “If she’s badly hurt, they’re more certain to believe her,” he said. He looked up at his father’s face. The woman screamed, muffled, behind the tape. “ No ,” said Han. “She doesn’t deserve to die.” “ We don’t choose what the First Order does.” “We can be reasonably certain of the outcome. That makes us culpable.” “This isn’t just about the outcome. I’m not going to be the kind of guy who tortures a lady for any reason. That’s not who I’m going to be. That’s not who you have to be. There are things that aren’t in my control and what happens to that lady is one of them. You get me?” Ben got him. But on one key point, he disagreed. Blood dripped from Ben’s knuckles onto the concrete floor. He looked down at the terrified woman’s face. He threw her credit card on the floor. “I’ll find another way,” he promised Angela. She had no fucking clue what he meant by that. He took the monitor and keyboard under his clean arm, Han took the computer, and they dashed out the back door. They jumped into the back of the silver hatchback and as soon as they pulled it closed behind them, Chewy hit the gas. “What’s wrong?” said Rey. “This was the sloppiest operation I’ve ever been a part of,” said Ben. He slammed his fist against the side-paneling of the car, leaving a bloody mark. “Let me look at your arm,” said Han. “My face is worse,” said Ben. “Your face?” said Rey. Ben peeled his mask upward, closed his eyes. Han poked at his brow and nose. Ben hissed and pulled away. “Well,” said Han, “That sucks. I brought my suture kit.” “Oh, you had something prepared ?” said Ben. “Listen, kid, I’m a seventy-year-old pacifist who last saw combat forty-five years ago.” “Then why didn’t you let me lead?” “I ain’t sayin’ it.” “I want you to say it.” “You’re fuckin’ nuts ,” yelled Han, loud enough that Chewy looked back through the mirror. “Is that what you want me to say?” “Han—“ said Rey. Ben held his hand up to Rey. He stared at Han. The men's chests heaved. Slowly, as Han's breathing slowed, eyebrows crept up in the middle. His shoulders rolled forward, his chest collapsed in on itself. He turned toward the back hatch of the car. He looked around at the interior of it. The wood panel. The faded red upholstery. “My best memories are in this car,” he said. "I brought you home in this car." Han’s chest ached. “I can’t live like this,” said Ben. “Stop,” said Han. He rubbed his face. “You keep implying to me there’s life after this for me. You don’t even trust me to run a simple robbery. I’ve— you may not like what I’ve done, but I was good at things like this . You don’t trust me with even things you know I can do.” “Should I?” “I have no idea. But I can’t live the rest of my life like this.” “So, what? You’re going back to the First Order?” “Are you fucking listening to me?” said Ben. The car rolled to a stop. “Hey,” said Chewy. Ben and Han turned, craning their necks to look through the front windshield. They were on the highway. There was a long line of cars in front of them. One honked, then another. Chewy unbelted and opened his door, standing for a moment, craning to see ahead. He stiffened and started signing through the window. “Ah, fuck ,” said Han, who signed back to Chewy. Chewy got back in the car. “What?” said Ben. “There’s a crowd of people on the highway.” A few minutes later, Ben saw one. It was a young man, maybe twenty, holding a sign, terrified but defiant. He listened for more minds and found many— hundreds at least— marching on the highway. In one of the cars in front of them, Ben felt someone weigh their options and decide they were fucked. They got out of the car and started marching with the crowd. In a minute, the crowd would be around them. The color drained from Ben’s face. Hosnia had been a First Order city. They nuked it because, in the final days of the rebellion, student protestors flooded the streets and called for an election. “We need to get out of here.” Chewy did not need to be told. Another car rolled up behind him. Chewy turned the wheel hard to the right pulled it onto the shoulder, and turned to look out the back window. He threw it into reverse and hit the gas. As soon as there was a stretch of open road, Chewy pulled the parking brake and jerked the wheel around, and Rey dry heaved as the car swept a wide circle and he floored it again, switching lanes to avoid a honking mini-van. “Jesus!” exclaimed Han. Chewy looked ahead and found a level patch of grass between the feeder and the highway, slowed and turned into it, driving across and turning into the closest street. “Where are we going?” said Ben. “Away,” said Han. “I think it’s safest to return to your place,” said Ben. “ Fuck ,” said Han. “Leia’s going to kill us". Han tapped Chewy’s shoulder and signed at him through the rear-view mirror. Chewy nodded. They heard the noise of a jet overhead, and then another. Rey turned on the radio, and they waited for the music to stop. There was a terrible, far away, chest-deep boom. The wind was at their back as they drove back home, and they brought the smell of burning asphalt with them. “We interrupt to bring you breaking news. Terror has struck our Capitol again,” said the announcer. “The Rebellion, which took credit for burning our beloved capitol, has senselessly sent suicide bombers to destroy a stretch of Coursicant’s Empire Expressway near—“ Rey turned it off again. Ben closed his eyes until he heard the crunch of gravel under the car's tires. Chapter 18 : Lily White “What the hell are you doing back here?” said Leia as Han opened the door, followed closely by Ben. Ben scooped the knit mask off his head and used it to wipe the blood out of his eye before hurling it to the ground. “Oh dear,” said C-3PO when he spotted Ben’s face. “I will fetch a suture kit.” He toddled around Leia to the back door. Leia gave Han the dirtiest look she had. “Have you had the radio on?” said Han, agitated. Ben cut off the incoming argument. “Student protestors shut down the highway right before curfew,” said Ben. “The First Order shut it down with napalm. They won’t be looking for us.” “Fuck,” said Leia. She threw her head back and ran her hands over her face before heading to the kitchen. “Fuck,” she repeated. Leia took a few breaths. She turned the faucet and pumped soap into her hands. “I need a credit card,” said Ben. “You didn’t get one?” called Leia. “We ran into some issues,” said Ben. “Those are some weasel words if I ever fuckin’ heard ‘em,” said Leia. The screen door smacked open again as Chewy walked in. His arm was around Rey’s ribcage, propping her up. She was pale. “I can hear you outside,” said Rey. “Are you all right?” said Ben. “No,” said Rey. “My head hurts.” “Siddown,” snapped Leia. “All of you.” Han signed at Chewy. Chewy helped Rey to the couch and sat them both down, with her on the middle cushion. She looked up at Ben and patted the seat next to her. He swallowed and sat. She curled her knees up to her chest and rested against his upper arm and shoulder. Ben felt the older adults in the room glare at them. Rey, her eyes closed, squirmed as she felt the same tension. “Oh, for God’s sake,” said Rey. “Let me have this.” He put his hand on her knee. “It’s fine,” he said. “Shut up,” said Rey. She put her hand over his and squeezed it. Leia returned with gloves on and a bowl full of soapy water and rag. She toweled off his arm. “These aren’t so bad,” she said. “Look worse than they are. Only one spot needs stitches, even.” He grunted. “Is my nose all right?” She started patting at it with her rag. He winced. “Mmm, it’s still on. You’re gonna have a cool scar. On your cheek and eyebrow too, looks like.” “Oh, good. The first thing I wondered was whether I was uncool now.” Leia pursed her lips. “What happened?” “We were disorganized. Warehouse worker panicked. She had this— it was like a little hooked knife on a ring. She got me with it.” “You were disorganized?” she said to Ben, mildly. “How?” “I was disorganized,” said Han. The room was silent as C-3PO padded back in with a suture kit. She ripped the plastic off and pulled the cap off the syringe. C-3PO pulled a chair in from the dining room so Leia could sit. She started on the bridge of his nose first. Han chose to stand and pace. Leia had a better hand than Han did with the needle. It burned, but the numbness was welcome. “You seem to be in okay spirits for a stab victim,” said Leia. “People usually take it harder. I’m numbing up the rest of it, but I’ll have to re-do it. Okay?” “That’s fine. This is my third time being stabbed, I think,” said Ben. “Loses some of that oomph, huh?” said Leia sympathetically. “Yes.” Rey lifted his arm and put her head across his knees, pulling his uninjured arm over her body. He winced and shifted. “Sorry,” she said. “You’re fine.” he said. Han cleared his throat. “You got everything you need to get that software into my droid?” said Leia. “Maybe. Does Chewy have a family?” said Ben. “What the hell does that mean?” said Han. Ben had to keep his face still while his mother slowly poked along the edges of his wound with the syringe. “If he can lie low, if he’s not a known connection of yours, we should use his card. They’ve certainly disabled the siblings’ bank accounts by now. I never had one. Leia is the leader of the Resistance and can’t give herself away. You’re her husband. That leaves Chewy.” “Why did you throw away that lady’s card?” said Han. Ben was silent. “What’s up?” said Leia. “I chose not to take stabbing woman’s credit card,” said Ben. “He threw it away.” “Why’s that?” said Leia. “If her credit card was used to purchase and download software the resistance would find useful onto her phone, they’d torture her to death. I decided against that option. We ran out of time.” “She wouldn’t have known anything,” said Han. “That’s not really a concern my employer had. Information gathering is not torture’s function.” “And you ran the day-to-day operations of that place?” “Yes.” “Kill anyone I know?” said Han. “If you give me a list, I’ll see if there are any names I recognize.” “That’s not funny,” said Leia. “I’m not joking.” “You seem awful calm,” said Han. “I spent three days tied to a bed because I was less calm about it. Anyway, that woman will live. Are you happy?” “You found your conscience at an awful inconvenient time,” said Han. “You talked about being the kind of person who didn’t do that kind of thing. Isn’t that what you want from me?” “You’re already the kinda guy who would have killed her,” said Han. Ben waived his mother away from his face and faced Han, lower teeth borne. “So what I was supposed to do was cause some woman’s murder so you and your friends were safe. You don’t mind violence if I have live with it. I’m already crazy, right? Already dirty. You’re lily fucking white, right?” “Fuck you.” Simultaneously, Rey started dry heaving and Leia stood. “Enough,” said Leia. Chewy stood and pulled a trashcan over to Rey. Ben held her braid out of the way as she heaved a stomach full of acid into the bin. Chewy had chosen to pay attention to Rey and ignore the fight, but now his eyes were wide with alarm. “Take a walk, Han,” said Leia. “There’s a curfew,” said Han. “Then feed the fucking mule or something.” Han stood chest to chest with his wife, who he dwarfed. She didn’t lift her head to him, just stared up at him through her eyelashes. He balled his fingers up, his jaw working. Leia had already won the body language war. Han’s surrender was just a formality. He turned and stalked out. The screen door slammed. “He’ll get mad at himself in about an hour,” said Leia. “He might apologize tomorrow, though he’ll still think he’s right. Not to involve you, but it’s not really about you. He doesn’t think I should be involved in the Resistance. I either do the violence or benefit from the violence, and it might as well be me doin it, I figure. He does not see it that way. We’ve had that argument on and off for twenty-five years. Gets real heated.” “Great,” said Ben. Leia stared at Chewy. He eventually glanced up at her. “Hey Chewy,” said Leia once she caught his gaze. “How’s your ma?” she said slowly. Chewy held his palms flat in front of him and flipped them this way and that. “Dead,” he said. Leia winced. “Sorry. Care to spend retirement on the lam? Could use your credit card. We’ll hide you out with us.” Chewy shrugged. “Rent?” he said. “I got you covered.” Chewy pulled his wallet from his back pocket and tossed it on the coffee table. He looked over at Ben, eyebrows raised expectantly. “Thank you,” said Ben. Chewy gave him a thumbs up and a benevolent, long-toothed smile. Rey leaned backward and crawled up into and across Ben's lap. Ben’s face flushed. Chewy pointed at Ben. He signed although Ben did not understand. “Be nice,” said Chewy. He held his eyebrows up at Ben. Ben nodded. Chewy stood and walked into the kitchen. He grabbed a bottle of whiskey from the pantry and wandered out back to find Han. Rey fell asleep. Leia finished up the stitches on Ben’s brow and nose, and started on his arm, now rested across Rey’s back. She applied a few butterfly bandages, but one fleshy part of his upper arm needed two stitches. “You think this is a good idea?” Leia indicated Rey with her eyes. “I think I could spend the rest of my life wondering that.” “Tha’s jus roman’ic,” said Leia flatly. “Not what I meant. She’d like me to stop thinking about what it is we’re doing. I’m trying.” “Oooh. That kind of thing?” “No.” “You’re either an item or you’re messing around. Which is it?” “I’d like not to discuss this with my mother.” Leia muted her reaction to him and paused, her face suddenly white. She tossed her head as if she were throwing her hair out of her face. “I, uh, just want to know if I oughta put you in the same room or not. You’re adults.” “That’s a big question.” “Mmm.” Leia kept stitching. She taped gauze over the wounds when she was finished. “You even want a mother? Not saying I’d be any good at it.” “I… I don’t know.” Leia glanced down at Rey. “I guess we won’t put any labels on it. See how it goes?” “That would probably be best.” “Good idea.” — Rey heard voices, saw light. Ben’s body was too warm, but there was something real about having her belly across his thighs. Ben tapped her on the back, and she groaned as he moved her off of his lap and onto the nubby fabric of the couch. Eventually Leia came with a handful of pills, which Rey swallowed. She did not think they helped at first, but the nausea died down and her headache let up enough for her to really sleep instead of drifting away from her body. She became aware of herself when she was already pushed up on her palms, her mouth hanging open. It tasted foul. Someone had removed her shoes. She looked around the room. The security light on the porch was on and that gave her a little light. Han was asleep in the recliner which she had last seen in Ben’s room. They must have carried it down at some point. Rey swung her legs down and started when she bumped into something squishy. Chewy, at the foot of the couch, sat up. He scratched his beard and peered at her through one scrunched up eye. “Sorry,” she mouthed. He held his finger to his lips. She nodded. “Where’s Ben?” she mouthed. Chewy pointed toward the back door. Rey hauled herself to her feet over Chewy's body. She felt like she was operating her limbs and face by semaphore, but her head did not pound. Chewy laid back down as Rey crept across the kitchen and pushed the back door open. Rey carefully stepped across the back lawn, avoiding stepping on little twigs. The dew wet her feet. The air was cool and eerie silent. Rey missed Jakku, where the insects buzzed even in the winter. There was too much light pollution to see the Milky Way inside the Couriscant highway circle. The sky was just a dark indigo sheet with a few pinholes poked through. It was a place that had mistaken itself for the center of the universe and blotted out the stars to make its argument stronger. Jakku, by any standard, was a shithole. It was poor and grit got into her waistband every time she went outside. But it had things going for it. It knew what it was, and she had known herself too when she was there. She stopped, considered heading up to her brothers’ room. There would be an argument or silence, both of which could wait until morning. She pressed against the door to the back office, straight back to the surgery area. Ben was in his underwear, on the floor. The computer he’d stolen and the cab-driving droid were disassembled and sorted into neat piles, which Ben had labeled with medical tape and a marker. He looked behind him as she came in. “Hi,” he said. “Hello,” she replied. “Please touch the table,” he said. He demonstrated by reaching behind him and smacking the table leg. The table made a pleasing metallic thrumming noise. She frowned. “Why?” “Static. Just a precaution.” “That’s why you’re in your underwear?” “Yes.” “Can I help?” He narrowed his eyes at her. “You can watch.” “You just don’t want me in my underwear.” “I don’t want to tell you to strip. I'm working. About earlier—“ “No over-thinking.” “Right,” he said. “Should there be any thinking?” “If you have a thought, go for it. But no, like, shoulds or whys. No questions.” “All right.” He rubbed his face with his hand. “Leia’s napping before surgery. I’ve sent C-3PO on a long walk with the phone downloading the software I need. Just building a computer so I can look for viruses, malware that kind of thing. I wanted a clean one so I could be sure it wasn’t the source of any viruses.” “Didn’t find one?” “Can’t be sure. If a virus installed as firmware, embedded in the hardware, there’s not much I can do about it. This computer is early First Order and firmware is almost never updated. I’m almost certain it’s safe. However, the hard drive isn’t large enough to store the software.” He held up a plastic rectangle. “This droid hard drive is large enough, but I’m having to do some creative electronics to get them all hooked up and get an operating system that can deal with both a twenty-year-old chipset and a six-year-old hard drive. I think something Unix, so I’m having C-3PO download a basic Unix-based OS. I’m not that good in Unix, but that’s good news. I don’t know it because we didn’t write a lot of malware for it.” He looked up at her face. “Sorry, this is boring.” “No, I'm just out of it. I probably sound like you when I talk about cars. I work on cars, by the way.” “You mentioned.” “Am I going to have to strip to sit down next to you?” “… If you insist on sitting, yes. As few layers as possible. Ground yourself before touching anything.” Rey stripped down to undershirt and panties. She tossed them by the door and sat on the concrete. “Ooo!” she said. Her thighs broke out in goosebumps. She bent her knees and wrapped her arms around them. “It is cold,” said Ben. He stripped the ends off of wires, then twisted them together. He frowned. “What’s up?” “Deciding if I want to solder or just tape,” he said. “How is your brother?” “I, uh, haven’t seen him since I came to visit you before the robbery.” “Oh?” “Yeah. We had a fight.” “Sorry to hear that.” “It was about you.” Ben breathed in and blew it slowly out of his mouth. “It’s not my business.” “It’s the same thing all over again anyway. They think like Phasma thought. I’m just ridiculous for some guy I just met.” “Some brutal guy. Some crazy guy,” said Ben. “Okay, fine. If I am, there’s something wrong with me. But there’s something wrong with me either way.” “There’s nothing wrong with you.” “See? You’re wrong, but it’s nice.” “I’m not wrong or nice. I’d tell you. You’ve been injured, you were forced to do things to survive, and now people are disturbed with you for living on unacceptable terms from which they benefitted. They needed you, you did what you had to to, and now they get to move on spotless as if they had nothing to do with what you did. You’re changed and worried your body won’t cooperate again. It’s impossible to go back. You don’t get to move forward because changing is offensive to the people you’ve harmed. Correct?” “Yeah. Are you in the same boat?” Ben thought. “I suppose. Nobody here has benefitted from me. A lot of upright citizens did. Some enthusiastic party members would probably thank me as long as I didn’t express any qualms. They’d turn on me if I did. There isn’t a real space to inhabit. People want these things done. They picked me to do them. Now I’m used up.” Rey didn’t contradict him. She wouldn’t want to be contradicted. “I almost feel normal when I can talk like this,” she said. He looked at her sardonically. He had a patchy three-day beard which stretched from his cheekbones to below his Adam's apple. He had patches of white gauze taped across his eyebrow and aquiline nose. “You are at least as normal as I am,” he said. “On a good day, more so.” She laughed, which made her head throb. She clutched it. “Oh, I might lie down. Mind if it’s with you?” “Hm?” “Like, around your back?” “I’ll be moving.” “That’s fine. It just feels nice. You got stabbed. Nice to know you aren’t going anywhere.” “Oh.” “'Oh,' what?” “I— I— it didn’t occur to me you were worried.” “Well, you’re warm and it’s cold. Don’t get too excited.” “I will try.” Chapter 19 : pilot1 Rey curled around Ben’s backside, her stomach pressed against him, warm. He rubbed his nose, adjusted himself, and concentrated on the task at hand. There would be time for Rey. There would be time to listen to baseball, although he didn’t know why he would. His hands started to shake a little. He put the wire stripper down, reached for his shirt and wiped the sweat from his hands. He glanced behind himself at Rey, at her fingers pressed against her lips. — There was a video of Poe and Rey Ben liked from back before he’d met her. It was a year after Poe had evacuated Hosnia and Ben had made the case directly to the Supreme Leader that Poe was of greater use alive than dead. In the video Rey walked into the store, followed by Poe. Poe was still gaunt from when he’d been captured and held. It’d taken a lot of doing to get him out of the city before the bomb dropped. More doing to put confounding information in his file. He’d slowly built a case that Poe, while an unenthusiastic citizen, was an unlucky fuckup who’d happened to guess the First Order planned to drop the bomb. Poe was set to roll off the surveillance program in six months. And then the video had ruined everything. — There was no audio, but that was not a problem. By the time Ben saw it, a program had analyzed the lip flaps, compared it to other audio of Rey and Poe speaking, and transcribed a rough guess of what they were saying based on their syntax. It even dubbed a decent impression of their voices over the tape. “— won’t,” the girl had said as she walked into the door, following Poe. Poe strode toward the back of the store. Rey play punched him in the shoulder-blades repeatedly, pantomiming a boxer chasing an opponent across a ring. “Yep,” said Poe. “I won’t eat it.” “Then it’ll go to waste.” “Don’t do it.” “It’s your birthday.” “I’m too old to have birthdays.” The girl was newly eighteen. Poe laughed at her. “Okay, abuela . You’re not too old for chocolate.” The girl pinched him. He hopped backward, holding his finger up to her. His back was to the camera. He might have said something, but it was lost to time. “It’s too expensive,” she’d said. “It’s my money.” “I’ll rock-paper-scissors you for it.” “Oh-h-h-h-h no,” Poe had said. “You always win.” “Not always.” “Every time you suggest it, you win.” “If you win, I’ll tell you how I win.” “That makes no sense.” “Come on. You know you wanna see it.” She had had held her fist out in front of her. Poe rolled his eyes. He put his fist out in front of him. One dip, two, three— and there was her mistake. And the camera caught it. — Hux had started a pet project to identify empaths using AI before Ben had even heard of Poe. The idea was that an AI could identify games of chance (or proxies for them), and see if there were individuals who won those games at a rate higher than chance. It also looked for signs one of the players had more information than the other. It looked for reaction times. Over its development lifecycle, it became an elegant, sophisticated little program. Ben gave Hux that much credit. The agency put Poe’s surveillance through several programs to look for keywords, patterns, anything to see if he were a threat. Ben, being in charge of that data, altered it. Ben was the only known living empath, and Ben had walked in on Hux watching videos of Ben on a loop enough times to feel uncomfortable. He didn’t like the program. He didn’t like Hux. Ben mocked the idea of the empath identification AI openly in an attempt to curb its development. It was decided Ben was not objective, so Hux’s program didn’t report to Ben. Ben lost whatever authority he’d had to stop it and Hux’s star rose within the First Order. One day Hux made a records request for Poe’s file. Ben had met Poe when he’d turned Poe loose, and Poe was not an empath. Poe’s file had a large number of videos in them of the same few people, mostly non-party members. It made sense why Hux would use them. Ben signed the request and didn’t give it another thought. But then Hux walked in one day, threw a printout on Ben’s desk, and walked out smirking. Ben read the data and felt sick. It wasn’t Poe. It was the girl. He hadn’t even noted her name. “Rey,” he read aloud from the file. What the file said, as best as Ben understood, was that something was not right about how Rey’s finger’s uncurled when she played rock-paper-scissors. The timing, where her eyes looked. It did not pass as conventionally human in the same way Ben did not. There were screenshots of comparisons of Ben as a child, holding his hand out, and of Rey in the grocery doing the same. Ben pulled up the video— he knew exactly where the file was— and ran the moment back and forth on video and tried to find the magic moment where Rey had given herself away. He was not a computer; he could not see it. It was apparently in the timing between frames, some complex math he did not possess. There was something about them both, him and her, that wasn’t right. — He told himself that’s why he played the video back so many times. It was at first. It was merely a coincidence she’d thrown her head back to laugh, and that Poe smiled. It was strange to see a man smile. That was not really done in Ben’s circles. “Now you have to keep your money.” Rey had said. “Actually, we didn’t bet on the chocolate, you said you’d tell me how you did it if I won. I lost. That’s all we bet.” “Aaaah, no ,” she said. She jumped on his back and he gave her a piggyback ride to the candy aisle, where he made her pick out a bar of chocolate. Her shirt crept up her back, her one of her flip-flops fell off onto the floor. People stared at them as she slid off and shoved her foot back into the shoe. Poe paid for the chocolate and she bit into through the wrapper, staring at Poe, daring him to laugh. He did when pushed the paper out of her mouth with her tongue, gagging. She was a strange, messy person. — The Dameron children were messy people, Poe included. Files on them written by teachers and a few interactions with the occupying Stormtroopers dripped with disdain. Ben had gotten one woman, a former neighbor, to sit down with him. She was thrilled about it. “I knew it,” the neighbor had said. “Knew what?” The woman had looked around the empty interrogation room theatrically as if she were embarrassed. He hadn’t felt an ounce of embarrassment from her. “The Damerons weren’t right.” “Why do you say that?” “They’re a Spanish family who could barely feed their one. They took on two more.” Poe’s family had been in the First Order territories since before either of his parent’s parents were born, Ben knew, and if they spoke much Spanish at home Ben did not know of it. He did not feel the woman would respond to correction. “Children?” “Mmm hmm. Orphans of traitors I heard. I lost my son to the Rebs. I think we’ve got enough First Order kids to take on Reb trash. I’m sure they’re sympathizers.” “How old were they?” “I don’t know. Toddlers? I know there isn’t a law against taking on trash, but it’s tacky not to care what your neighbors think. They’re tacky people. Anna— their ma, Anna— let them draw with sidewalk chalk on the trees out front. Didn’t make the girl comb her hair, and let her buzz it once when the boys buzzed theirs for school. She had to stay home until it grew out, and Anna pretended she didn’t know why. Never taught any of them how to act. Only ever kept one another’s company. Screaming laughing at all hours, but too stuck up to say a word around neighbors. Especially the girl. I’d say ‘hello,’ she just gave me dirty looks. Rude little bitch.” “Maybe she didn’t like you,” he had said. “Excuse me?” Ben had stood and walked out of the room. He’d had the driver drop her back off at the wrong address. — Ben had watched the videos he was asked to review. Saved a few on his computer. Watched them over and over. Wound them back for this laugh, that touch. Anything that caught him. He’d chat with Poe sometimes while he wound them back and forth. He had three seconds playing on a loop. Rey was seated at a restaurant booth, adjusting her hair. Her midriff peeked out just above the tabletop. Poe was to her left, Finn across from her. Poe was in an IRC chat in another window. attackatdawn : Where do you sit when you eat together? pilot1 : what do you mean? attackatdawn : When you are at home, you sit at the same place setting every time? pilot1 : we used to have spots at the table when we were little. we kind of fend for ourselves now. Ben had frowned. attackatdawn : Do you buy your own groceries? pilot1 : no mom does. sometimes I go with a list. she sends me with her card. attackatdawn : The list is a good idea. Can you all put items on that list? pilot1 : lol. mom stole that idea from someone else. you have that file for me? Poe had asked for something to do with one of the natural gas pipelines from Jakku south. Ben had found it for him that day at work and brought it home on a flash drive. attackatdawn : Sending. There was no reply until a few seconds after the file had transferred. pilot1 : yeah, we can put items on. does not mean we’ll get what we want. not what I mean by ‘fending for ourselves’. pilot1 : I mean we cook when we want and eat when we want, so we usually don’t eat together. sometimes the kitchen gets full if we do tho. pilot1 : what about you? do you get to eat what you want when you want? attackatdawn: I don’t want to talk about it. pilot1: that’s ok There had been a pause. pilot1: Do you think that girl is cute? Ben stared at the screen. attackatdawn: What? pilot1: you know the one. someone’s been asking about her. is it you? big black-haired guy. pilot1: do you think she’s pretty? Ben had closed his laptop. Poe didn’t bring it up again, but he started talking about Rey more. He steered the topic toward her. Ben thought he’d been more careful. He had not been careful enough. Poe brought Rey up whenever he really wanted something. Ben mostly asked Poe about things like school, friends, the normal routines of everyday life. But when Poe wanted something, really wanted something, he’d bring up something personal, really personal, about Rey and wait for Ben to ask for more. Ben stalked around his room when he realized the pattern. But he did not say ‘stop,’ and he never declined. Ben felt like a pervert. — Rey heard a strange electronic chime and stretched. Rey rubbed her face and looked around. C-3PO, back from his long walk, stood unobtrusively in the corner of the room. Parts streamed “Sleep well?” said Ben. “I didn’t really sleep.” “You did. It’s morning.” “Oh.” She sat up. She wrapped her arms around his waist and pressed her face into his arm until he lifted it over her head. She peered past him at the computer setup. He had the keyboard on his lap and the mouse on his knee. “Hm?” he said. “Is it working?” The computer was not all in its case. Parts trailed out the side and back of it like a disemboweled animal dragging its guts behind it. Ben moved the mouse. The cursor moved across the screen. There was a two-thirds full progress bar displayed on the screen. “Is that good?” “That’s good.” “What next?” “I’m just decompressing the files and checking for anything strange. Nothing so far. I think we got a clean version of the software.” She bit him gently on the ribcage. He ignored her. She started pinching him lightly on the fleshy part of his waist where most people were ticklish. He jumped and leaned sideways onto his palm away from her, twisting his torso to face her. The keyboard and mouse slid off his lap. He glanced at the computer screen, then back to her. “W-what are you doing?” he rumbled. “Just messing around,” she said still pinching, “You don’t like it?” “I— aaaa —!” She found a place just above his hip that made him jerk. He clapped his hands over hers and pulled her wrists away from him. Rey flinched, and he flinched back at the sight of her. He pulled her palm, the one which she had bloodied falling when they first met, up to his mouth and kissed the shiny new skin. He looked at her nails again the way he had when they’d first met. The ink had washed away entirely. She looked at his nails. He kept them scrubbed. She had not. “What is it we’re doing, Rey?” he said. He brought her hand down to his chest and wrung her fingertips between his palms. Rey wet her lips. “If we talk about it, will we have to stop?” she asked. “Are you afraid this will stop ?” She nodded. He didn't seem to know what to do with that. He watched the progress bar on the computer fill by pixel-widths and massaged her hand absently. “I... I would make a very poor boyfriend," he said, looking at her again. “I feel crushed by everything I haven’t done. If--” his face twisted with frustration. “If I were to sit at a table and eat with you and your family, I don’t know where I’d sit.” Rey’s eyebrows knit together. He looked away. “I’m just trying to get it. I’m not judging.” “It’s the — — I would look for—" he rolled his eyes up at the ceiling, ran his hand through his hair, and then spoke quickly. "If you have place settings at a table, how would I get another one? Would I look strange finding another chair? Am I too large to sit on this side of the table or the other? Would someone look at me because I move strangely while I think of all this? If I looked to see if they are looking, would that give me away?” “You’d just get a chair and sit.” He rolled his eyes and dropped her hand. Reluctantly, she took it back rather than just let it hang. “My point is I can’t do that in a way that doesn’t give me away as strange. I am strange. I can follow basic manners. I can order people around. Outside of that, I can’t pass.” “Everyone here already knows you’re weird. Do you care?” “It’s not that I care. They care. And it makes me fee—“ he stopped. He passed his bottom teeth over his upper lip. “I can’t stand it. And it’s not just eating with people. It’s everything. If I am your boyfriend, if we say that and people expect me to be a boyfriend, that is elaborately conventional. I will not pass. It will disturb people. People are already disturbed by sex. And then I'll be in a room with people who I disturb in a sexual way.” "That... is a lot." "It's too much," he said bitterly. They sat in silence for a moment. “Okay,” said Rey. “Okay, what?” “I believe you. You’re the guy who’d know, right? You don’t have to be my boyfriend if it’s too much. I’ll deal.” He relaxed a little. He nodded. “I like talking to you,” ventured Rey. “I like… I like doing other stuff. This sucks." He did not respond. Rey sniffed and balled her fingers up. She kept talking so she wouldn't cry. "I guess I wouldn't be great at the girlfriend thing right now. Or ever. My brothers and ma are about the only people who can stand me.” He scoffed. “Well, most people don’t have any taste.” She narrowed her eyes at him. “You can’t say you don’t want to be my boyfriend and then talk like that.” “I haven’t said anything about what I want.” She opened her mouth at him. He knew better than to look at her. “Oh my God, " she said. "Whatever.” She rolled up onto her knees and crawled over to her shirt. She pulled it over her head. She stood, stepped into her jeans and zipped them as if the zipper had done something nasty. “I’m doing what I want. You do what you want. Deal?” “I’ll think about it.” “ Fine. Do you want breakfast?” “What?” “Like, are you hungry? I’m thinking of cooking before Leia or Han get in there. I’m getting pretty tired of their cooking.” “Can you cook?” She laughed. “ No . I suck. I like my bad cooking more than theirs.” He nodded over at the computer screen. “I have to finish this first. I already said I'm not much for eating with people.” “I’ll save you a seat so you don’t have to worry about finding one. Will that work?” He considered it. “Thank you,” he said. He was neither accepting nor declining. “Just don’t worry about being good at anything. I suck, I don't care. You’re going to mess up too. I’ve got your back. You'll get me back later when you can.” Ben turned suddenly toward the computer. She felt his nausea second-hand. “ What ?” she said. “Give me a minute." She walked out the door to leave him to it. — Rey had six potatoes chopped before she made enough noise to wake Han. She sat at the table and put the finished cubes onto a cookie sheet. Han, in the room adjacent, stretched sleepily and stood like a new calf. “Got hungry?” Han muttered. “Ben’s almost done. Leia’ll need to eat anyway before surgery.” “Your shirt’s on backwards.” Han said. Rey looked down. She had. She flushed and put her knife down. “ I didn’t do anything,” she said testily. She pulled her arms into her shirt and turned it before shoving them back out. Han grunted and pulled the coffee pot out from beside the cabinets. “You want some? We’re out of cream and sugar,” he said. “We’ve got some powdered milk, but that can taste a little off. It’s better than no coffee.” Rey nodded. He opened a tin of pre-ground coffee, scooped it into a percolating pot, and stuck it on the stove. He wandered off to retrieve eggs and sausage from the second refrigerator in the shed out back, and by the time he was back it was ready. He poured them each a cup, then set back and watched Rey cook. He smelled a little of booze and a lot of a night’s sweat. She was stiff. “You mad at me?” he said as Rey started cracking eggs into a bowl. “I’m probably not the person to talk to.” “Eh. I’m asking you.” “I mean… ‘crazy’ was the wrong word to say. I think. The yelling hurt my head.” Han nodded. “I got mad. I said the wrong thing.” “Leia says you get mad about this a lot.” “Oh, does she?” he said. He drank his coffee and made a face. “I seen a few people just fucked up to the point they never get OK. One guy was with his company, and this kid ran down the street at him with a gun, firing. Kid wasn’t any older than twelve. He shot ‘em. He had to do that. And if you had asked the kid, he had to do that— kid was part of the Resistance, this guy was a First Order conscripted man. But those guys the kid was shooting at was his brothers and sisters anyway. Was he supposed to let them die? So the kid died, and years later the guy who shot him shot himself with that same gun.” Rey winced. Han continued. “You can’t tell most guys it’s for the best they shot a child even if that’s a fact. He knows it’s not a right thing. You can’t put a man in that position and expect him to be OK. If he is, it’s by pure chance. That is war to me. That evil times a few hundred thousand. I don’t think we have the right to wage it. Not for any reason.” “Ever done anything like that?” asked Rey. “Me? Never killed anyone, but I done some things. Had to leave a guy who was dying to take care of one who’d live with some attention. He died alone and terrified, and I did nothing for him. Leia has killed a few people but she handles it OK. Nothing wrong with her. Just, if you hurt her soul as deep as you can it’s still a flesh wound to her. I’m not like that. Ben seems to take after me.” Rey widened her eyes and nodded, large and theatrical. Han laughed. “What about you? You grew up in it.” “I’ve not killed anyone. I’ve stolen. Got caught stealing and had to… get out of it,” Rey’s lips went numb. She pressed them together. “That took a year or two before I felt normal again. Uh, I threatened Poe to hurt Ben to get him to do what I needed. Also scared Finn. I can’t tell how much of that last one is hurting me and how much is the concussion. But I would have killed Poe if I had to. Absolutely.” “Okay. That’s terrible. Was that all your fault?” Rey rolled her eyes at him. “I could have chosen to die. That kind of puts it on me.” “Yeah, well, you would have also gotten everyone else killed, so let’s take that off the table. You might not have been around to feel bad, but it’s no more a solution. But let’s give you a good 30% of the blame. Who shot Poe?” “Ben. I mean, it might have been an accident, but he had the gun out to shoot someone.” “So let’s give him thirty percent. Was Finn thinking clearly about what he needed to do? Was he working with you?” “No.” “So five percent for him. That’s, uh… well, sixty-five percent. Let’s give Poe another ten for whatever it was he did to get himself shot. He did something, right? Something at least a little stupid?” “Yeah.” “Okay. I think we have another twenty-five percent left. Let’s give some of that to the First Order, the Resistance and war in general, ‘cause you can’t run a war without shit like that happening. You think that’s accurate?” “I don’t know about the amounts—“ “Never mind the math. Do you think it’s right to give yourself a hundred percent of the blame?” he thought and corrected himself, “No, I don’t mean right, just factual. Is it factual to say you did it all?” “No.” “More than fifty percent? Knowing everyone who has some responsibility in it? Could not have happened without them. It’d just be you by yourself in a car without their help.” “… Okay. Thirty percent of bad is still bad, though.” “It’s a little less to wrestle with, and that’s a mercy. It’s not a burden you carry by yourself. You lighten each other’s load, maybe you’ll turn out fine. We all deserve a little mercy.” “What about you and Ben?” “I’m a little better at knowing what to do than doing it.” Rey nodded. She stood with her bowl full of eggs and placed it on the countertop. She looked through the cabinets. “Looking for a skillet?” “Yeah.” “We have a big electric one, hold up.” Han stood and opened a high cabinet, out of her reach. He pulled an ancient box out. It was ancient, it had a happy family cooking pancakes on it. He opened the end of the worn box and pulled it out for her. “Maybe could use a sponge, but it works fine,” he said. He gave her a tight smile. She looked up at him. He blinked. Rey could see Ben in his nose and brow. She thought of, and missed, Poe’s dad. She remembered coming home from school and Poe’s mom asking her to sit down. Poe was gone. Finn had been gone. It was just her, her mom, and dad. And then dad was gone. The First Order only allowed cremation. She never saw him again. “Could I give you a hug?” she said. Han stammered. “I— well, sure. I—“ Rey threw her arms around him before he could change his mind. His hands pat at her shoulders awkwardly. She started to sob, so his embrace became firm. “Hey. Hey,” he said. He patted her head. “Don’t go anywhere?” she said. Han tilted them back and forth. “Not happening,” he said. “Good people die young. You and me, we’re living forever.” Rey squirmed. She pulled her head back to scrunch her nose at him. “Heard that one?” said Han. “My dad used to say that one. Seems truer as I get older.” The screen door smacked open. Rey and Han let each other go as if they were holding hot coals. Ben stood in the door, stiff, chin up. He'd spotted her shirt, how it was on differently than when she'd walked out of the surgery. Ben looked from Han to Rey. Rey wiped the tears off her face. “What did you do?” said Ben to Han. Ben's voice was steady. He was not. “Nothing,” said Rey. Ben took a deep breath. He looked up at the ceiling, his fingers moving like they itched. “Hey,” said Rey. “ Nothing bad .” "What did he do?" "If it's not bad, it's not your business," said Rey. “I’ll take a walk,” said Han. “No,” said Rey. “Sit. Both of you.” “I’m finished,” said Ben. “I transferred the data to the droid. It’s up to Leia. I’ll get her up.” “Get her up when breakfast is ready,” said Rey. “Have a seat. Han made coffee.” Ben sat. Han grabbed a cup, potholder, and the pot from off the stove. He poured Ben a cup and set the pot on top of the potholder on the table. He sat, arms folded, across from Ben. “There’s no real milk,” muttered Han. Ben nodded. The color in his face slowly went back to normal. When he was calm enough to see straight again, he dutifully took a sip. “There’s whiskey if you’d like it," said Han, "Surgery’s gonna take a while once Leia starts. Long day coming.” Ben raised his eyebrows. Slowly, he nodded. “You didn’t offer me whiskey,” said Rey. “Well, shit, kids. Where were my manners?” He fumbled around in the cabinets above the stove and pulled out a bottle. “This one’s no good for sipping, but I’m not putting the good stuff in coffee.” He poured a little in each of their cups until it reached the brim while Rey sponged off the skillet. She heated it up and poured half the eggs, scrambled on the hot surface, sipping her boozy coffee until she felt her cooking skills were pretty good. She slid a large pile of browned and runny eggs onto a large plate. A timer went off. She pulled the potatoes out from the oven. They were more conventionally edible than the eggs. Han got Chewie up by toeing him lightly. Ben went upstairs for a few minutes and came down without Leia. Rey raised her eyebrows at him. “She wants Finn to come down.” Rey tensed. “Will he?” asked Han. “She’s, uh, pretty insistent,” ventured Rey. Before too long, they heard two sets of footfalls on the stairs, one light, one heavy. Finn bent to look across the living room, through the banister. He spotted Ben at the table in the kitchen area, and Ben and Rey felt Finn’s heart tighten for a moment. He looked over at Rey, with her plate full of eggs. She looked at him, unsure. “Did you cook?” he said. He was hoarse and his eyes were red. He scratched the curly stubble on his Adam’s apple. “Yeah,” said Rey. “You should have gotten me up.” “You think you could do better?” Finn made his ‘of course’ face. “ Yeah .” Rey rolled her eyes at him. “Are you hungry or not?” Leia poked Finn in the back. “Move it, kiddo. This old lady’s tired of standing on the fucking stairs.” Finn hurried down the stairs. Rey held out a plate and fork for him. He looked at her, then the plate, and took it. He found the potatoes on the stove top. The eggs were next to Ben. He approached them cautiously. Ben took a special interest in his coffee in its cup. Finn took a scoop of frightening eggs from in front of Ben as if he were getting away with something. He looked up at Ben’s face, at the bandages on Ben's brow and nose. Blood had seeped through in a few spots and had turned a rusty brown. "How'd you get that?" said Finn. "Leia told you." "You tell me." "I was stabbed in the face." Rey knew the answer to be flippant. However, Finn was tired, and he did already know. 'I got it trying to help Poe' would not have gone over well even if it were the truest answer. It was not one either man could handle being said aloud, and each was relieved when the other did not push it. Ben shoved a fork full of eggs into his mouth and frowned. “We don’t let her cook. Just for future reference.” “Mn,” acknowledged Ben. Rey pointedly ignored them. “How’s, uh, the chest?” Finn said. Ben shrugged. “It’s healing. Slowly.” “That’s normal for where it is,” said Leia. “Takes a couple weeks.” Han nodded to confirm. Leia took her eggs and potatoes less shyly than Finn. She opened the refrigerator and pulled out a pitcher of reconstituted powdered milk and stuck it on the counter. Ben took a glass to wash the eggs down with, although he didn’t seem to like the sweet, gritty milk much better. Chewy hung back and waited for the negotiations between hearing parties to cease before stepping into the commotion. Rey, Han, and Ben ended up at the little table. Chewy, Leia, and Finn ate in the living room. It was an open floor plan so could all see one another fine. Leia finished first and set her plate in the sink. “Is 3-PO prepping?” asked Leia. “Yes,” said Ben. “Cool.” Leia pulled out a notepad from her desk and wrote something down. She handed it to Chewy, who read it and gave her a thumbs up. “I’m going to have 3-PO carry Poe down,” said Leia. “He can do it with the fewest bumps. I don’t want any of you in the surgery room until we’re done. Gotta be a bitch about it. I’m going to have Chewy stand as bouncer for me to make sure.” “What?” said Finn. “Nothing personal. The worst that could happen is someone barging in so I’m preparing for it.” “‘The worst ’?” said Finn. “If you can think of something worse, don’t jinx me,” said Leia. “Anyway, I’m going to let him wake up not long after. He needs to be moving around. He’s gonna feel like shit even with pain stuff. Rey, Ben, I really suggest you shut yourself off so you don’t feel it. Don’t get curious, believe me. You might wanna sleep in the surgery tonight so you’re a little further away from the house. I’ll have 3-PO clean it first, of course.” “What about you?” “It’s my turn for an all-nighter. Ben, you thought about my question?” “Which one?” “One mattress or two for tonight?” Finn, his mouth full of milk at the time, started coughing. Chewy patted him on the back. Ben and Rey glanced at one another. “I, uh….” “—want—“ prompted Rey. “— want—” said Ben. He closed his eyes and took a breath. “One is fine.” Finn put his empty plate beside him on the couch. Chewy saw it and stacked his own on top of it, then continued eating slowly. If he minded the eggs, he gave no indication. “I smell alcohol,” said Finn. “Yup,” said Han cheerily. “Where is it?” “Want it with some coffee? It’s shit coffee and whiskey. Together it’s hard to tell.” “That sounds amazing right now.” Chapter 20 : Long Morning After Han poured Finn his whiskey and coffee, Leia had Han fetch C3-PO from the surgery. She herself went to the bathroom. Rey sat next to Finn on the couch. They each held their mugs in their hands and looked forward. Chewy collected plates to wash. He went to grab Ben’s plate, but Ben was still picking at his eggs. Chewy stood at the sink and paid attention to the dishes. They were not alone, really. Rey was not sure if she wanted to be alone with Finn. “Are we gonna be OK?” said Rey, very quietly. Finn sipped his coffee. “You think it’s the right time to ask me that?” Rey felt a horrible tightening in her throat, and her heart beating in her chest. “Yes,” she said. The corner of his mouth pulled back. He squinted ahead of him, elbows on knees. “Really?” “I miss you.” “Okay.” “Why are you less mad at Ben than me?” “He did what he does, right?” he looked over at Ben. “No offense, man.” Offense had been meant. Ben ground his teeth. “I love you, Finn,” said Rey. Finn ran his hand over his hair. “Love you too.” “How do I get you back?” He finally looked at her. “Don’t you ever threaten me again.” Rey bit her lip. Her eyes darted over to Ben. He raised his eyebrows at her. “Okay,” she said. “‘Okay?’” repeated Finn. Rey nodded. “Okay. I’m sorry.” “You already said ‘sorry.’ I don’t care. Just never do it again. Not for any reason. I had First Order assholes holding you over me for a year. I love you no matter what, but I can’t live with that.” Her lips trembled as she nodded. “You would have died if she hadn’t,” said Ben. Finn turned his head, and Rey felt the air pull taut the way it did before dry lightning struck the Jakku desert. Ben stared back at him blankly, unaware or indifferent he ought to look away. “I’ve got this. Thanks, man ,” said Finn. The back door smacked open as Han opened the door for C-3PO. Finn and Rey flinched, and the tension broke. The droid toddled through the kitchen, across the living room, and up the stairs. Han looked over at the siblings, read their body language, and grabbed his mug off the table as he passed. He stood in front of them. He pointed at an imaginary free spot between them. “Mind if I sit there?” he said. Finn and Rey scooted over. Han sat heavily between them. Leia returned from the bathroom, braid re-done and carefully pinned across her head like a crown. Han raised his eyebrows. “Haven’t seen that in a while.” Leia snorted. “Looks good,” said Han. “I look like hell and you know it.” “Nah.” She crossed her arms and watched the stairs. They all heard the droid’s heavy steps before they saw it. The siblings winced. The droid held up like a baby, head propped up so his head did not loll. His limbs dangled. Poe was naked except for the tightly wound bandage on his leg. The skin on his back was lightly bruised, and his three bare limbs were mottled gray and sickly sallow. Rey and Finn each stood. “Hold up a sec,” said Han. The droid stopped at the foot of the stairs. Rey covered her mouth before reaching out to touch and kiss his face. She turned and looked at Finn, and seeing his face, burst into tears and pressed her head into the top of his shoulder. Finn’s chest heaved. He leaned forward and kissed Poe’s temple. Leia crept up on them. She pressed her palm against Finn’s back. “Time to move,” she said. Finn, surprised, took a step to the side without objecting to how little time they were afforded. He looked down at Rey. He sniffed. “I hate when you cry.” “I- I almost never—” He held her tighter. “I know . Goofy.” — The droid continued to the kitchen. Leia followed. She made eye contact with Ben. “Open the door for us, will ya?” Ben stood. Leia tapped Chewy on the shoulder. He turned the water off, looked behind him and let go of the sponge and dish he was fussing over. When he saw Poe’s limp and haggard frame, he flinched and thought of corpses he had seen. Rey, in the other room, felt his reaction too, and in her effort to stifle a wail, it merely came out a high, restricted hiccuping noise. It finally got to Finn, who until that moment had held himself together. He pulled his sister over to the stairs and pulled her down with him onto them. Leia seemed unperturbed. Ben opened the door for them, as requested and the others paraded through. Leia stared into his eyes. He saw an image of the dining room chair and then of Chewy. He closed the door, grabbed a chair, and followed them back outside. The mule he’d heard of and but never seen was out of its shed and lying in the tall grass next to the three-legged dog. Leia’d kept him the dog out from underfoot by putting him outside. The air was a little bit hazy and smelled of burning tar. He wondered what was on fire. Whatever it was wasn’t close enough to hear. “Wait a minute,” Leia said to the droid. It stopped. Ben tapped Chewy and handed him a chair. “Neat,” said Leia. “What?” “Wanted to see if it’d work.” Ben turned to go back indoors. “Wanna say ‘bye’ to Poe?” Ben stopped. “You said he’d be fine,” he said. “Probably. Do it anyway.” Ben turned back. He walked up to Poe’s body. Poe’s beard grew out thicker and more quickly than Ben’s, and hid the extent Poe had lost weight. But his ribs did not. They moved shallowly under his skin. Ben raised his hands, then dropped them. “Go ahead,” said Leia. Ben pushed Poe’s hair back and out of his face. He had expected Rey’s to be different than his own although he had not expected hers to be slippery-fine. He had expected Poe’s to be like his own. It was not, it did not straighten and spring back like Ben’s did when Ben fussed with his own hair. It resisted and kept its shape when Ben pressed his palm against it. He kissed Poe on the forehead, thought a moment, then kissed him very lightly on the mouth. Leia and Chewy raised their eyebrows at him. Leia had watched his feelings and so had not misunderstood his intent, he was sure, but still wondered what he was doing. Since Poe would never know about it, Ben didn't think it was their business to understand. Nevertheless, the impulse to explain himself welled up. “He’s the first thing I ever loved,” he said. “That's okay. I’ll take care of him.” He looked across the backyard, away from her and from Chewy. He nodded, then fled back to the house. — Rey’s weeping had subsided to heavy breathing which matched Finn’s. They were curled on the stairs, Finn’s head pressed into Rey’s. “Ben?” she wheezed as he walked in. “No,” said Finn. “Please?” Finn grunted. Ben walked over to the stairs and stared at the two wretched curled up figures on it. They were on their sides, foreheads and knees pressed together. They could not have been comfortable, with the stairs cutting into their ribs and their legs, but neither wanted to be comfortable exactly, so it was fitting. Rey held out her arm and grabbed at the air at Ben. Finn glanced over at him, eyes red. He looked back at his sister. Ben felt Finn give in as Finn sighed and rolled his eyes. Ben still didn’t move. Finn bit his lip. “I know you know, man. Don’t make me say it,” said Finn. Ben made himself as narrow as possible and squeezed in next to Rey. Rey reached behind her, found his hand and pulled it to her side. She started sobbing again. Finn ran his hand across her face. “Hey,” said Finn. “I love you,” she said. “I love you too,” said Finn. Rey squeezed Ben’s hand. He squeezed it back. He leaned forward and covered his face with his free hand. His skin strained and burned against his stitches where he touched it and he did not care. — Time passed despite them. Han let them alone. They heard the door open. It was Chewy. Finn stiffened, but he was not panicking so Rey and Ben were merely surprised there was anything to say so quickly. Chewy signed something to Han and walked back out. Han stood and walked to the foot of the stairs. Rey slid down to a lower stair and sat. As Finn sat up himself, he found himself seated next to Ben, which Ben felt he resented. It’d been less than an hour. “Hard part’s over. They’re just stitching him up. Maybe another half hour and then we’ll move him back upstairs.” “What, really?” Finn. “I thought this would be a long day,” said Rey. “Felt pretty long to me so far,” said Han. “It’s gonna be longer when he wakes up.” “When will that be?” said Finn. “Maybe fifteen minutes after we move him upstairs.” “That soon?” “Yep. I wanna warn you, he’s gonna be goofy. He might not remember anything from the first couple hours after he wakes up. He also lost a lot of blood, and that might have an impact we don’t know about yet. It’s also pretty fucking hard on people to lose a limb. He’ll probably have some feelings.” “Are you saying—“ started Finn. “I’m saying—“ Han raised his voice over Finn’s. He stopped and started again more quietly. “Don’t overthink the next couple hours. Tell him the truth, real simple. If you need to vent, I’m outside of this, and Leia’s outside of this. It's not my business, but it's usually easier to vent to people outside of things if you need to vent.” Ben crossed his arms. Han returned to the recliner. “Leia says you guys might wanna turn off your empathic stuff before she turns off the anesthesia,” he said as he propped his legs up. Rey glanced behind her shoulder at Ben, unsure. “What?” he said. “We’re not going to be able to check on you for a couple days I guess. We can't check on you without feeling Poe, and Poe's going to be hurting a lot.” Ben hadn’t thought about it. How he’d been surveyed over the course of the last few days, spread himself open for their inspection on demand. For some reason, without trying to, he thought the time he’d walked in and Hux had a video of him stepping out of a gym shower on the screen. He tried to keep it off his face, but either his expression gave him away or he hadn’t muted himself well enough. “What?” she said. “I don’t… I don’t think I like being watched,” he said. Finn let out quick, harsh laugh. “Weren’t you a spy or something?” “I recognize the irony. Thank you.” “You’re welcome.” “You guys are gonna give me a headache,” said Han. “Does butting in run in your family?” said Finn. “You are in my house. Leia’d kick you out for a moment’s quiet. Don’t think I wouldn’t let her.” “You hide behind your wife,” said Ben. “ Yeah . Yeah,” Han picked up his coffee and drained the rest of it. “Absolutely. You think you’re so fucking smart. You’re a little quicker than me, but I’ve had forty years longer to think. I tried stepping up yesterday so you wouldn’t have to do the hard shit. You been through enough. Turns out I’m not good at it. My wife does that for me. That’s OK most of the time because she’s got my back. If either of you assholes have a problem with that, it’s ‘cause you never had that. I feel sorry for you. I don’t know whether to strangle or hug you poor dipshits. Let me know which one would shut you up.” Ben sat in silence a moment. He opened his mouth. Finn glared at him. “Forty years?” he said. “Son, don’t—“ Ben cut him off. “How old am I?” “‘Scuse me?” “You’re seventy, you said. You said forty years. Am I thirty?” “They didn’t tell you?” “No.” Finn’s mouth opened. Ben didn’t want to feel second-hand pity for himself, so he closed himself off to outside feelings and waited for the answer. “You’re, uh… I guess you’re twenty-nine. November seventh. Just a couple months ago.” Ben nodded. He’d probably forget the date. He’d have to write it down somewhere. He was not sure for what. He could never use it for identification purposes in a First Order territory. It would, however, be something he could say if anyone asked the question instead of staring blankly at them, and watching uncertainty creep into their faces as they tried to identify what it was about his silence and his face that frightened them. He had once said “I don’t know,” to see how the who had asked man would react. It had been just as bad. Finn’s curiosity overtook him. “How’d you do identification stuff without a birthday?” “What do you need a birth date for?” said Ben. “Uh, jobs, school. Cops ask it if you get stopped. Medical things. Getting married. Purchases over a thousand bucks. Business licenses. Basically anything.” Finn’s eyes met Ben’s. “Oh,” said Finn. “Do me a favor?” “Yeah?” said Finn, guardedly. “Pretend it’s not that strange.” Finn nodded. — The boys seemed to have exhausted themselves. Rey had shut them off early on and sat quietly, warding off a headache. Han brought her — and pointedly only her— a glass of water she didn’t know she needed and leaned against the banister. “How ya holding up?” “It has been a long day.” “I’d like to lie down,” said Ben. “ Oh . That’s right, you’ve been up since yesterday.” Ben stood and walked up the stairs. “You’ll be all right by yourself?” called Han. “Yes.” “Let me see?” said Rey. “No,” said Ben. Rey stood. She jogged up the stairs after him. He stopped and waited for her, leaning against the wall. He glanced down the stairs, then bent to whisper. “You’re free to join me if you can come quietly. I think you’d rather see Poe wake up.” She jabbed him in the shoulder. “ That’s — that’s not why—“ “I know why. I need to close my head for inspection at some point. I’ve decided that’s now.” Rey didn’t like that answer at all. There was no droid there, no sedative. She didn’t want to suggest tying him up. She remembered the feel of the rope around her wrists. If she could not have gotten out at any time, she would have panicked. “Should I trust you?” she said. Ben thought too long. He ran his hand through his hair. He said, after some time, “It would be kind.” He kissed her on the cheek, then walked past her. She didn’t have the means to stop him if she’d wanted to. “Stay safe.” “I’m just lying down,” he said. Not long after Rey descended the stairs, they heard the smack of the back screen door again. Chapter 21 : Reunion Finn and Rey got off the stairs and out of the way of C-3PO. Rey caught a glimpse of where his right leg had been. She flinched. His knee was still there and a half a foot of tapered bandaged stump beyond that. She looked away and backed up against the doorway to make way and covered her mouth. Finn stared. Chewy followed behind the droid and looked over at Han. He started signing. “Leia’s washing up,” translated Han. “Go on ahead.” “Does he need anything?” said Finn. “The droid can take care of it.” Finn started following the droid up. Rey took a minute to collect herself and followed after. — Leia knew better than to go into the house in bloody clothes and declare the whole thing a success, and Han would be better with freaked out kids. She pulled her scrubs off and looked up and down her freckled arms. 3-PO had minimized the mess this time, but once in a while, there was an errant spot of soak-through when she came out of surgery. Her eyes weren’t what they were. She couldn’t tell a ruddy freckle from a spot of blood anymore without her glasses. She soaped up again, up her arms to her shoulders, just to be sure. She glanced over at the chest freezer where they kept medicine and the occasional expired animal when shit went wrong. She’d triple bagged the leg before putting it in. She couldn’t use the cremation service she used for pets. They’d have to bury it later, somewhere the dog couldn’t get to it. She heard the door open and started. She closed off her mind when she turned off the anesthesia. She turned. Just Han. He looked her up and down, at her bare chest and scrub pants. “You should lock the door,” he said. “The kids and Chewy haven’t,” he said. “I hope.” She turned back around and bent to get her arm up to the shoulder under the water. She heard Han’s heavy boots on the floor. Very tentatively, he put his hands around her waist. The skin had tightened up after they pulled Ben out of her belly legs-first. It had loosened again in the past few years. It moved where he ran his hands. Leia pursed her lips. “What are you up to?” “Just saying ‘hi.’ Haven’t said ‘hi’ in a while.” It’d been perhaps a year. Han didn’t like to fuck angry, something she and him didn’t have in common. He kissed the back of her neck. “I thought you had something you might wanna tell me,” she said. “Don’t think I do,” he breathed. He leaned forward, cupped his hand, and started rinsing the soap off of her arm. His shirt cuff got wet. One thing the man knew was not to put his hands straight down her pants. That was a habit she talked him out of. He knew to take his time. He could be very persuasive now. She hated how she smelled, like antiseptic and copper. He smelled like angry sweat and booze and coffee. She felt old. Her knee ached as he pressed against her back, and the hip with the shrapnel in it too. He always touched her belly, which he loved and she did not. But forty years of history, of his body being hers, caught up with her. — Finn, Chewy, and Rey sat on the couch in the master bedroom. The droid pulled a bag of fluid out of its chest storage and hung it on the IV stand. Finn looked away while it found a vein in his arm. He didn’t like needles. “Is he going to be in a lot of pain?” asked Finn. “Are you speaking to me, sir?” asked the droid. “Yes.” “Yes. If necessary, we can attempt an epidural.” “Can we do that now?” asked Finn. “It is preferable he put weight on his remaining leg at some point in the next few hours, which is not advisable with an epidural. I would also like him to report how his lower extremities feel.” Finn fidgeted. Rey stood. “Can I put a blanket on him?” “By all means,” said the droid. Rey picked the blanket off the floor and threw it over Poe, up to his hip. His eyes were open, but he was not awake. The droid stuck electrodes to his chest and hooked them up to a computer display. It showed his pulse. “Is that high?” she asked. “That is normal post-surgery. I will inform you if anything is abnormal, ma’am.” “Thanks.” Rey watched him for a while. She swore one breath was a little heavier than the last. The next heavier still. His breath snorted out his nose and his lips parted. Finally, he let out a low, strange moan. His eyes, already open, closed, then opened again. They did not focus. Finn stood. He ventured “Poe?” Poe groaned. Finn almost tripped over the rug getting to the head of the bed opposite Rey. “Hey, Poe. You’re OK,” he said. “The what?” muttered Poe. Rey reached for the bed frame and gripped it. “I said you’re OK.” Poe muttered something they could not make out. “I didn’t catch that, man.” “Bathroom?” said Poe. C-3PO dutifully reached under the bed for a bedpan. Rey turned her back first, followed by Finn once he saw her do it. Rey glanced at Chewy on the couch. He scratched his beard and looked at an interesting crack on the ceiling. C-3PO eventually walked out carrying the pan with him. Rey and Finn turned again. Rey pulled the blanket back up over his waist. The droid returned with the now empty pan. Poe panted and arched on the bed, trying to scoot upwards. Finn helped him lift his head and shoved another pillow on it. His eyes started to focus. He found Finn first. “Fuck, man,” he said. Finn wet his lips. He forced a smile. “I know right?” “Where’s ma?” “Not here. Last we heard she was fine.” Poe looked around. He spotted Rey. “You’re okay?” he said. “Yeah.” He nodded. “I’m high?” “You are on pain medication,” said C-3PO. “I can’t feel my leg.” Finn and Rey looked at one another. “You were shot,” said Finn. “I know. Is it there?” “No,” said Rey. Poe covered his face and groaned. He pawed at his blanket. Rey decided it’d be better if he didn’t look. She put her hand over his. Poe started panting. “Did he, uh… you know. Did he…?” “Yeah. He did it,” said Finn. “No,” said Poe. Finn frowned. “He lived,” said Rey. Poe took a very deep breath. “Is he here?” “Not in this room,” said Finn. “Next door.” Poe nodded. “Okay.” Finn frowned. “You, uh. You wanna see him?” “ No ,” said Poe. Poe thought. Poe never had a poker face, a fact which caused him embarrassment well into his teens. He developed, instead, an ability to pick between his feelings so he could show what he needed to when he needed to. She’d always seen him in control. Drugged and in pain, he was not in control. His momentary panic at the thought of seeing Ben faded to guilt, which deepened as he looked at her. “Uh. Maybe,” said Poe. “Maybe what?” said Rey. “Ben’s okay?” said Poe. Even with her mind closed off, it was evident on his face: Poe knew he’d done something he shouldn’t have. He knew it. Rey did not answer. Finn looked up at her. “Yeah,” said Finn. “You can see him if you want. Or not. Whatever you want.” “Can I get more drugs?” “In a few minutes,” replied C-3PO. “’Scuse me,” said Rey. She walked out the door and down the hall. She stopped in front of Ben’s room and knocked before throwing the door open. Ben was on his side on the bed. He was shirtless and had a sheet pulled up around his waist. “Why did you knock if you were just going to come in?” “It’s polite,” she spat. “Did something happen?” She kicked her shoes off and crawled into bed behind him. She threw her arm over his chest. “He’s awake. I’m angry,” she said. “I see.” “I’m so tired of being mad.” He turned over onto his back. She rested her cheek on his chest. “I’m sure he’s not in a state to tell you’re angry if you’re quiet about it,” said Ben. “You can stay with him.” “I’m afraid I’ll yell at him or something.” “That would be bad.” “He asked about you.” Ben paused. “Oh?” “Yeah.” Ben put his hand on her back. She turned her head, resting her chin on him. “Ow,” he said. He pressed her head back down. “Sorry,” she said. He ran his hand across the top of her head. She pulled the tie off the end, and he took it as permission to comb his fingertips across her scalp and through her hair. Her arms broke out in goosebumps. “I wish I could go to sleep,” she said. She felt him nod. “You can’t either?” she said. “It takes a little concentration to block things out,” he said. “I’d have to drop it to sleep. You as well?” “Yeah.” Rey rolled off of him and stood. She straightened her shirt. “Hm?” he said. “I’m gonna get C-3PO to clean up so we can get set up in the other building,” said Rey. “I’d appreciate that.” Rey stepped out of the room. She heard the shower running down the hall. She walked the opposite direction, toward the master bedroom and leaned in. Finn was back on the couch. Poe seemed to be asleep. “How’s he doing?” “If you stayed you’d know,” hissed Finn. “I’m doing my best,” she hissed back. Chewy stood up, between them. He looked from one to the other. He towered over each of them. He pointed at Poe in bed and pressed his fingers to his lips. “Sorry,” said Finn. Chewy sat again. Rey looked over at the droid. “When you have a minute, could you clean up the surgery and carry the mattress from the spare bedroom over there?” “Certainly,” said the droid. “I can do that now.” Rey squeezed out of the way for the droid. Finn stood and followed it to the hall. Rey, reluctantly, followed him. “What was that about?” said Finn. “Why’d you run off?” “Poe used me as bait to get to Ben.” “So you’re mad at him.” “I’m kind of mad, yeah.” “He’s not in a place to deal with that.” “That’s why I stepped out.” “Okay. I just wanted to be sure.” “You don’t need to tell me how to act.” “Really? ‘Cause you went with Ben, on purpose, without being in what we were doing. We kind of worried about your judgment.” “ You blew up a building, started a war and kidnapped a high-level First Order bureaucrat. I just meet someone I like, and that makes me stupid? Someone I was set up with? How was this supposed to end well?” “It wasn’t going well before.” “ We were doing fine. We could have stayed out of it.” “ You were fine. I wasn’t fine. Poe wasn’t fine. We weren’t ever going to be fine.” Rey paced as the idea sunk in. Neither had come back the same from the war, but things had seemed better, at least. In retrospect, Poe came back gaunt and hungry and a part of him had stayed that way. Finn, goofy Finn, came back prone to staring at walls and, if nobody was in the room with him, tossing the couch cushions looking for something. But day to day, things had seemed better. They didn’t seem any worse than anyone else around them. From what she saw of other people’s minds, from those little glimpses she got, everyone she’d ever met felt like they did. Her brothers seemed normal. Maybe it was not that they were normal, she thought. Maybe normal wasn’t okay. “I’m sorry,” she said. “Yeah, well.” “No, I mean it. I didn’t know.” Finn sighed. “Well, we kept it from you. You were like, the baby, I guess.” “I’m only like three months younger than you.” He smiled at her for the first time in days. “Hey, don’t take this from me.” The door down the hall opened. Han stepped out, towel wrapped around his waist. Leia peeked out, decided she was not up for that particular social scene, then ducked back in. Han smiled sheepishly. “Hey, kids. How’s your brother doing?” “He asked for more drugs,” said Finn. “C-3PO says ‘no,’” said Rey. “I’ll talk to Leia about it.” “Listen to the droid,” called Leia behind the door. “He knows his stuff.” Han past the siblings toward the spare bedroom. Rey saw the proportion of his limbs and chest and recognized it as similar to Ben’s. She looked away suddenly. Han did a good job of not smiling too broad at her embarrassment. “Just need some clothes,” said Han. “Not trying to make a production.” Leia opened the door. She had on one of her housecoats. She had her hair over her shoulder, braiding it. “We should have gotten a bigger place,” she said. “No,” said Han. “I hate maintaining the place as it is.” “Well, I hate sleeping on the couch when we have company.” Ben stepped into the hall and closed the door behind him. He leaned against the doorframe, rubbing his face. “You stop starting wars, we’d have less company,” said Han. “Mm.” “I’ve got the droid cleaning up the surgery,” said Rey. Leia grunted. She wandered up to Ben and peered up at him. “You look beat,” said Leia. “You must also be tired.” “I’m fantastic,” she replied evenly. “How did it go?” he said. “He’ll live," said Leia. "He'll be fine," said Han, providing the reassurance Leia had withheld. He opened the door, fully dressed. Leia made a face at him. He bent and pecked her on the mouth. She pinched his ribs and waddled toward the master bedroom. "Some of you get out of this hall, I'm afraid it'll collapse or something,” she said. Han smiled a little too broad as he watched her go. Han's eyes met Ben's. Han scratched his head, sheepish. "Did you two make up?" said Rey. "Uh, yeah." "That's good." Han smiled despite himself. "I suppose so." He changed the subject. "You, uh, want a shave?" he said to Ben. “I’d prefer not to share razors.” “Don’t know where I’ve been huh? I got some disposable ones somewhere, yeah. I also have some clippers might help." Ben ran his hand over his unruly stubble and contemplated it. He looked more tired as he thought. "Maybe after I've slept." "I can help," interjected Rey. "If you want," she added. Both men looked at her. Han blinked slowly, uncomfortably amused. It dawned on Rey that he'd understood her intent a little better than she had when she said it. He glanced significantly at Ben before starting down the hall. "Sorry," said Rey after Han closed the door behind him. Ben shook his head. He leaned against the doorframe, arms crossed, and stared off toward the stair landing, exhausted and spaced-out. Eventually, the droid returned. Ben and Rey stood in the hall out of its way while it carried the mattress out of the room and down the stairs. Rey felt as if the surgery might as well have been on Mars for how far she'd have to walk. "Can I join you?" she said. "To sleep?" he said pointedly. "Yeah." "That would be fine. You should let them know." Rey looked down the hall, at the extra fifteen feet she'd have to walk. "Nope," she said. He pushed off the wall and held his arm out for her. She wrapped her arm around his, and they made their way down the stairs. — Rey woke up sweating and cold. Her head was at a funny angle, curled under Ben’s chin, and one of his arms was rested between her breasts. The mattress had been put direct on the concrete floor near the drain. The place smelled of antiseptic and, she was thankful, of little else. Very faintly, far off, she felt something odd. Something prickly, like static. She focused toward it, reaching her mind out. The prickling sensation poured down her body, down her pelvis into her foot and up her leg until it started to ache, then burn. The events of the day came rushing back to her, and she clamped her mind closed. The pain started to subside. She’d slept in her clothes, and they’d cut off her circulation in her arms and the button of her jeans dug into her belly. She carefully, slowly, stretched. “Are you awake?” Ben said. “Mostly,” she said. He pulled his arm out from under her and stretched his shoulder. His joints popped as he sat up. “Where are you going?” “I heard someone put something by the door,” he said. He’d pulled his shirt off before bed. A little light streamed in from the back porch light and through the door. She squinted when he opened the door and a let the cool night air in. He bent and grabbed a thin plastic bag. “What’s that?” “Let’s find out,” he said. He reached for the light switch by the door. Nothing happened. He frowned. “There’s a lantern in the bag,” she said. He looked and found it. He wandered to the table by the sink, set it down, and turned it on. Rey squinted as her eyes adjusted. She sat up and rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. “Is the power out?” she said. “Surely they would have informed us if it were serious,” he said. Rey did not believe that, and neither did he, she knew. She didn’t want to go find out either, so she let it go. He dug again into the bag. He pulled out two messy bagged sandwiches. He tossed them on the bed. “Han cooked, I see,” he said. Finally, he pulled out a roll of sterile gauze, tape, a pair of scissors and an oblong zipped-up case. He, very carefully, felt for the edge of the medical tape by his nose. He ran a fingernail underneath and lifted it, pulling off the gauze over the bridge of his nose. He looked down at the blood. It was dry. He disposed of it in the trash can beside the sink and repeated the process on the gauze above his brow. “How do I look?” he said. The edges of the cut were rust-colored. The bridge of his nose was an especially angry purple. “Very handsome,” she said. He reached behind him for the zip-up case. He unzipped it. Inside was an ancient metal-handled razor, a little paper sleeve, a mirror, and a bar of soap. Ben laid them each out on the table and considered them. “Is that a disposable razor?” “No. It’s a safety razor.” “It doesn’t look very safe.” “It’s fine if you hold it correctly.” He glanced back at her. She tried to hide her concern. She failed. “I thought you wanted to help?” “I, uh….” He laughed at her. He pinched open the paper sleeve and pulled out what Rey recognized was a razor blade, shiny and rectangular, like she’d used to scrape a bumper sticker off the back of Poe’s car when Poe got tired of a band back in high school. Ben very carefully held the blade between his teeth, reached behind him for the handle, and flipped the top open. He set the blade inside the handle and closed it. It made a very pleasant clicking noise. He set it down on the table and turned the water on. He wet his face, then started rubbing the soap between his hands. “Get a chair from the other room,” he said. “Huh?” “There’s a chair in the kennel,” he said. “Get it.” Rey obeyed. Like he said, there were a pair of tall chairs in the other room next to a metal table. She dragged one back to the surgery. By the time she’d returned, he’d smeared foam over his neck. He motioned to her to come closer with it, and when she did, he sat. “What now?” “This was your idea,” he said. “Help.” Rey looked over at the razor. The metal handle hissed against the metal table as she picked it up. “I, uh, don’t know how to use this.” He wrapped his fingers around hers. He tilted her wrist. “Hold it at a right angle. Very light.” “You don’t think I’ll mess up?” “I’ll hold it against you if you do.” He tilted his head back. Rey leaned forward. He pulled the skin on his neck taut, and she followed his example, putting her fingers over his. Carefully, she pressed the blade to his neck and pulled downward in a light, clean motion, exposing a patch of smooth skin. It was very satisfying. She turned the tap on and rinsed the blade off. “No blood?” he said. “No.” Rey repeated the process. She went slow, steadying her hands between strokes. She became strangely engrossed, the way she did when she worked on cars. She decided she needed more soap when she was halfway across his neck. She ran her fingers over his throat and remembered his body, where it was and where she was when he exhaled. She looked up. His lips were parted, his eyes relaxed. She looked down at his neck again. She pulled the skin tight and very carefully pulled the razor down. He inhaled. She frowned. A little spot of blood bloomed on his neck. “Oh, no,” she said. He pulled the razor out from between her fingers and tossed it onto the table. He pressed his thumb against the little bloody spot. “I have a mole there,” he said. “I’ve caught it a few times.” “Why didn’t you say something?” He pulled his thumb away from his neck and looked at it, then at her. He held her gaze as he opened his mouth just enough to permit it past his lips. He tightened his lips around his thumb and slowly pulled it out. He watched her watch him. He held the same thumb to the crease of her lips, still wet with his own spit. She opened them and copied him as he plunged it into her mouth. “Press your tongue on the bottom,” he said. She did. He slowly pulled it out, dragging his palm against her face. He watched her mouth. When he had withdrawn entirely, he bent and kissed her, a full, open, messy kiss. She pressed her hands against his chest as he reached for her jean button. He pulled her pants and underwear down suddenly, like he was entitled to do it. He stood and picked her up around the waist, carrying her the few steps to the mattress, still locked in that obscene kiss. He held her against him with his arm, kissing the side of her face and her neck. He stopped to breathe in her ear. He gripped her waist, hard. She let out an involuntary moan. He loosened his grip only to turn her around. Her jeans and panties were around her knees, his arm pinned her to his chest. His other hand ran from her shoulder, across her breast, down her stomach. She tensed as his fingers bruised against the base of her hair. “Should I stop?” he said. “ No ,” she breathed. His fingers continued and found what they were searching for. She rocked her hips back. She tried to bend her knees, but he held her up, forcing her to stand. He worked, watching for her reaction. As the pleasure built, He pulled her further up, until she was on her tiptoes. She was very close. “Did you say something on the stairs to me?” he said. “W-what?” she said. “Was that for me?” he said, in the same tone of voice he might ask what time it was. “Um,” she said. She squirmed. He broke the rhythm. She was so close it hurt. She grunted in frustration. “Say it,” he said. She turned her head to look at him. He had kept his voice disinterested, but his face was not. Between heavy breaths, she laughed and ran her teeth over her bottom lip. He blinked. “Say what?” she said. He glanced from her eyes to her mouth. She reached behind her, though his pants, and found him. She ran her hand up the seam of his zipper. His eyelashes fluttered. “What did I say, Ben?” He bore his teeth and she ignored it. She ignored the ache between her legs. She ignored his tight grip across her chest. He needed this more than she did. In this, she could out-wait him. He wet his lips. He gave in. “‘I love you,’” he quoted. “Yes,” she said. He kissed her and his fingers moved again. Chapter 22 Rey tensed in his arms. He gave her a moment before lowering her to the bed. He hadn’t seen her face when she came, and with his mind closed off couldn’t feel it second-hand. It was like making love blindfolded. Other things became apparent, like the way her skin had heated up and broken out in sweat. She was on her belly. She pushed herself up onto her side, eyes unfocused, her hair loose and tangled from the night’s sleep. She was still in her shirt, pinned at the knees by her pants and jeans. Ben took her knee and moved it up to her side, giving him access. He knelt, his right knee between her knees. She twisted around to look at him as he undid his pants. It made him feel sick to be looked at when his blood was up, but it was Rey. The girl he had watched as he’d been watched. She had looked into his head and been the right kind of revolted with him. He deserved this. Rey spread her thighs open, tilted her hips upward, and waited for him. Not another version of him, although there had been something sweet about her fondness for that. It was the last thing in the world he wanted, to be known, and to be wanted as well as known was like finding out about an underground world parallel to his own, an undiscovered country he had always been from and which now called to him. And God, he did not know if he would make the journey if he tried. He was tired. There was little he could do for her, few promises he could keep. But he could make her come. He gripped her hip, pulled the meat of her buttock upward, and pressed himself inside of her, lost himself to the rhythm of his work. She clapped her hand over his and held on. Her head started to loll as she gave herself over to it, so he ran his hand up her neck and held it up. Her body had begun to tense and he wanted to see her face. Her bent leg spasmed involuntarily as she tightened around him, and on his back stroke he was squeezed out. She gasped in something like pain. He grabbed her kicking leg, held it back to her chest, and pressed back inside of her roughly. Her face was red, her mouth open in a tight, wordless scream. As she relaxed, he started to move again. “Oh, my God,” she said between her teeth. She leaned back, her small breasts moving up and down under her shirt with each stroke. While she recouped herself, he looked down, at the point where they made contact. It was a good view. He glanced up when he felt her move. She was watching him watch them. “Kiss me,” she said. He bent and complied. Her lips were soft. He had not realized how close he was to coming. He could not have stopped it if he wanted to. — Afterward, Ben laid on the bed, breathless, and Rey laid on his chest. It was too hot, but he allowed it. He was at her mercy. That was that. He kicked his pants and underwear the rest of the way off for a little relief from the heat. Eventually she sat up and found her sandwich, and started tearing into it. He laid there a little while, with her bottom pressed up against his hip. He lazily scratched her back and arms until her thighs broke out in goosebumps. He liked seeing that kind of involuntary thing. It was satisfying. Ben finally sat up, stood, and sought out the razor and the little mirror on the metal table. He rinsed the remaining soap off of his neck face and lathered the bar up again. He covered the small remaining patch of hair on his neck with foam and quickly removed it with the razor before moving onto his face. He glanced over at Rey, who was watching him while she ate. He hadn’t pulled his pants back on. She was staring at his backside and genitals, and at him shaving. She looked away when she noticed he was looking at her. “I’m, uh, just not used to it,” she said. “Almost every man you’ve met has one,” he said. She turned bright red. It was a result. Despite himself, he smiled. He turned back toward the wall so she could watch him without feeling watched herself. But he knew she was looking. It was disgusting and thrilling in turns. On balance, he enjoyed it. He might be a thing, but he was her thing, and she was not terrible company. He washed his face and looked again in the mirror. It was not himself, he had still lost weight and looked very tired. The gash across his face would leave him different. But it was closer. He had Rey help him apply new gauze. Her fingers were small and cool and interesting on his face. His scalp tingled when she ran her fingers along the edge of the tape. When she was finished, she gave him a tight smile, and something about it was difficult to handle. He pecked her on the mouth. That seemed to be the right thing to do with that. She seemed pleased. If he were not already spent, he might have bent her over again. — Ben finished eating, washed his hands off in the sink, and improvised some rudimentary self-cleaning using the soap and towels from the surgery, which Rey copied. Once they were finished, they pulled their clothes on. The outside world could no longer wait. Rey relaxed a little when she saw the kitchen light on. The safety light which illuminate the back yard was also on. She looked up. She froze. “Hm?” said Ben. He looked up as well. The stars, most of the stars, were visible, as was the band of the Milky Way. It was beautiful. They listened. The wind picked up. It still smelled of smoke. In the distance, they could hear car alarms. “The power’s out,” said Rey. Ben rose his eyebrows at her. He listened. He heard the hum of an engine. He walked to the back door. It was locked. He knocked. After a moment, Chewy came to it and unlocked it. Rey jogged after them indoors. Everyone was in the sitting room, Poe included. Someone had dragged the dining room table to the middle of the living room, and they were playing cards. Poe was seated on the couch, laid across Finn’s lap, mostly asleep. He perked up. Ben jerked, as if stabbed in the belly, and looked away. “Hey, buddy,” said Poe. Ben very carefully did not look at Poe’s leg. He was wearing pants. Out of the corner of Ben’s eye, he saw one of the legs was knotted closed below the knee. “I should have had Rey check before I came in,” said Ben. “Power’s out,” said Leia. “We’re on a generator. Go easy on it, it doesn’t put out that much juice.” “You should have gotten us,” said Ben. “We figured if they freaked out and dropped the bomb, you’d rather be asleep for that,” replied Han. He took a handful of candy from his pile and pushed it forward. “Call.” “With that hand?” said Leia. Han smirked. He glanced over at Poe. “You can’t use your voodoo right now, sweetheart.” Leia counted out her candy and pushed it in. Finn held both his and Poe’s cards and leaned over to confer with him. Poe nodded weakly. Finn folded on Poe’s behalf and called for himself. Chewy had already folded on the hand. “Any idea what the First Order is up to?” said Ben. “Panicking, I imagine,” said Leia. “What?” said Ben. “I told her to cut the power,” said Poe. “ What ?” said Ben. “It was a good idea. Wish I’d fucking thought of it,” said Leia. “Well, you’ve been running yourself ragged lately,” said Han. He put his hand over hers. Leia harrumphed, but also seemed pleased. “We’re decentralized. I run the big picture, but each cell can operate independently if they have to. I gave one a call, they made it happen,” she said. “We cut the power in Hosnia right before it went up,” said Ben. “Yep,” said Poe. “Everyone will panic,” said Ben. “Sure will,” said Leia. “And I’m sure shit’s getting real in what’s left of downtown. Know anybody who’d be feeling a little betrayed they weren’t evacuated?” Ben opened his mouth. “Yes,” he said. “Moment of truth,” said Han. Everyone flipped their cards over. Han’s hand beat Leia’s, but Finn had a pair of aces. He beamed. Poe gave him a smile. Finn swept the candies toward him and popped one into his mouth. “Don’t eat the chips,” said Leia. “I’m just tipping the dealer,” said Finn. Finn held a candy in front of Poe’s mouth. He held his mouth open and popped it in. “He didn’t deal,” said Han. “We’re a team,” said Finn. “This was teamwork.” Poe chewed the little chocolate and propped himself up to swallow it, wincing. He looked at Ben, who would not look at him. “You look awful,” said Poe. “Lemme look at you.” Ben tossed his hair out of his face. He walked over to the foot of the couch. Rey followed warily. She stood behind him, at his right shoulder. Ben supposed she still felt uncomfortable with Poe, and must have known Ben himself was equally uncomfortable. She found his hand and laced her fingers through his. “I thought you were younger when we met,” said Poe. “I was two years ago,” said Ben. “I thought you were my age.” “I’m not that much older.” “I’m just saying, life’s been unkind to you. A hard life gives you wrinkles.” “I’m sorry you don’t find me attractive anymore. I am attached, at the moment. She doesn’t seem to mind.” “Good for you. You were never quite my type, but you got a way about you.” Poe grinned. “Naw, but seriously. You deserve a break,” said Poe. Ben scoffed and shifted. “Is that hard to hear?” “Yes.” “Why?” “I shot you.” “Well,” said Poe. “You’ll have to make it up to me.” “That’s not funny,” said Ben. “What?” “I cannot possibly make this up to you. You should be angry.” “I’m too tired. I can make an appointment to get worked up at you, if you want. I can scream at you over coffee or something.” “If you were smart, you would hate me.” “Does Rey hate you?” “A little bit,” said Ben. Rey squeezed Ben’s hand. He squeezed back. “Well, uh, that’s not something I needed to know,” said Poe. “Anyway, you’re stuck with me. Can’t get rid of me. Welcome to the family.” Ben ground his teeth. He tossed his head back as if his hair was in his eyes. It was not. He blinked. “I need a minute.” “OK,” said Poe. “But first, could you point us toward the disgruntled employees?” Ben looked at Finn. Finn took a minute to catch Ben was staring at him. Realization slowly dawned on him. “Do you still have Phasma’s card?” said Ben. “Oh, fuck,” said Finn. “I, uh, maybe I can call for him?” said Rey. “I would love you forever. She is the creepiest,” said Finn. “No,” said Ben. “It should be you. She has an interest in you. She thinks it’s mostly professional.” “Mostly?” said Finn. Ben squinted. “I wouldn’t say she has the healthiest relationship to her, uh… It’s a power….” Ben pursed his fingers and held waved his hand in front of his chest as he searched for the way to put it into words. “Stop talking,” said Finn. “If she’s freaky, we can use that,” said Leia. “It’s not something you did. She’s the strange one.” “Fuck, Leia,” said Poe, cringing. Finn bubbled over. “Why does everything have to be some kind of weird exploitative thing?” “Guerrilla warfare,” said Han cheerfully. Leia ignored him. “So your kids won’t have to live like this,” she said. “That’s why we do it.” Han laughed a little too hard, and Leia got a little too mad at him. After he got ahold of himself, he kissed her on the forehead. That appeased her. She looked up at Ben, then closed her eyes hard as if she had accidentally looked at the sun. Finn cleared his throat. “So, like, the good outcome is that Phasma’s working with us? Like Ben?” said Finn. “We could use her and dispose of her, if you would be more comfortable with that,” said Ben. Finn did not feel better. “Jesus Christ, stop talking,” said Finn. “We’ll see,” said Leia. “Let’s see how it goes when you get her on the phone.” “Can I get so drunk first?” Han pointed at him and grinned. He signed at Chewy, who went and fetched the bottle. “You’re driving this time, Han,” said Leia. “No booze.” “Wait, where are we going?” Leia motioned at Ben, “Explain the technical shit. You’re leading this one. Tell me how you’d do it.” Ben nodded. He explained. Leia slowly grinned. By the end, she was rubbing her hands between her knees. “That’s exactly how I’d do it,” she said. “Don’t let her take all the credit,” said Poe. Ben frowned. “I’m joking, dude. It’s a good plan. She’s saying she’s proud of you. Me too.” Ben didn’t think he wanted Poe’s or Leia’s approval. He’d done this for years, he didn’t need to be told he was any good at it. He excused himself to use the restroom. He sat on the edge of the tub and ran his hands through his hair while he calmed down.