Sapa Jaa carefully balances three bottles of fozbeer and puts them down at their regular table. Chewbacca says hello to Sapa and she loiters longer than is strictly necessary when there are plenty of other patrons at the cantina that need tending to. She twirls a lek into his hair. “So is this Andelmian lady we’re waiting for another one of your girlfriends, Chewie?” Han lifts an eyebrow as he cracks open his drink on the table edge- already marked with evidence of hundreds of their previous visits to Mos Eisley. Sapa gives his hair a sharp tug of disapproval and turns up her nose before storming off. Thanks Han. Chewbacca explains that the woman they are waiting for is more like a daughter. He makes a point to get in touch with her at least every other Life Day and see that she hasn’t gotten into any trouble. An uneasy, halfhearted smile twists Han’s face. “Kids. They’re good at that.” Truthfully, Chewbacca thinks that she’s probably pulled his hide out of the fire just as often, possibly more times than he has had to return the favor- but he keeps it to himself. He tells Han there’s plenty of time for things to turn around with Ben. He really hopes that’s true. “Easy to say when you’ve got another two centuries, at least.” Han grumbles something else about being ‘long in the tooth,’ but Chewbacca’s never noticed his species to have exceptional fangs. Chewbacca promises that he can spare a few decades to look after the Solo clan. There’s a touch at his shoulder and he springs from his seat and swings around to challenge whatever impertinent lowlife dares to disturb- Zarro! Chewbacca’s fists unclench and he sweeps her up into his arms. “My wookiee,” she laughs, squeezing back as hard as she can. He puts her down and brushes her short, messy hair off of her face so he can get a good look at her. He notes that she’s barely gotten any taller but it’s probably her own fault for not eating enough roots so he determines not to feel guilty stunting her growth with a fozbeer. Zarro’s red eyes twinkle and she scoots into the booth so she can sit between them. “I’m a little jealous, Chewie never pays for my drinks anymore.” “Well I took his shirt at sabacc ten years ago and he’s still working down his debt,” Zarro explains. Han gasps. “Did you let her win?!” * It’s lucky the Resistance isn’t such an officious operation that Poe is required to write expense reports. He wouldn’t know how to justify the concoction he’s been nursing as camouflage. The drink is greasy and there might be sand in the bottom of the glass, but it buys him time to scope out a prospective informant. Poe leans over the counter top and measures the friendliness and features of the Twi’lek barkeep. She’s old enough to have been working around these parts when the trail went cold- and she seems approachable, for being the proprietor of a dump like this. BB-8 will be awfully testy if she’s been made to stand around in a Tatooine slum and he comes up with nothing, so it’s worth a shot. Poe throws back the dregs of his drink and slams it on bar in signal to the barkeeper. She kicks a few empty bottles out of her way as she comes to meet him. “Anything else can I do for you, handsome?” She flops a dishrag over her shoulder, shoving a lek out of the way. “I’m looking for a man,” Poe says, matter of fact. “Sorry, it’s not really that kind of bar.” “Not what I mean,” he laughs. “Tonight.” He winks and reaches for his pocket, brandishing a small holo-emitter that he activates on the bartop. A miniature figure of Luke Skywalker appears holding a lightsaber, rotating in a sizzling, electric blue. The barkeeper squints. “Not a...” “Jedi? Yeah.” “We don’t see much of their crowd here,” she says, nodding over her green shoulder to where a furry, taxidermied arm hangs on the wall. Poe can only guess what in the Force that’s supposed to indicate. “What about any older gentlemen- military types? They ever come in here? Maybe someone who mentioned fighting alongside Skywalker... Or defeating The Empire?” “There’s always someone who can’t pay their bill claiming they fought the good fight, but I don’t always believe them...” The barkeeper screws her mouth into a frown. All right, Poe knows that look. “But sometimes you do,” he points out. Poe retrieves his holo-emitter and replaces it with a glossy credit. He flashes his most winning grin, the one that makes whatever bar he’s in that kind of bar. One of the barkeeper’s lekku snaps out and swipes it into her apron. She leans in and whispers, “I don’t think he’s local, but there is a man who might be worth talking to...” * Rey excuses herself from the table a few minutes after Chewbacca introduces her to his friend, a woman twice her age that he calls some Shryiiwook combination of child and friend -something that he had called Han, too. Rey can’t really appreciate the distinction, having precious little experience with family members or friends- but she admires that he has constructed his own clan. She’s working on doing the same for herself, so it lifts her heart. She watches them from a distance, catching up on old times and getting excited for their future adventures. Rey finishes her glass of water then uses the reflection in the glass to scrub a spot of dirt off her nose. She’s not disappointed. Not really. She’s going to be a Jedi, after all. Encouraging Chewbacca to make arrangements with a new co-pilot was a no-brainer. And hey, maybe someday when Master Luke has completed her training she can cruise around the galaxy in the Falcon with him full time. Chewbacca could be her Jedi-deputy. This whole one master, one apprentice, two Jedi in the galaxy at a time nonsense can’t be good for business. When she meets up with Master Luke again at the Resistance base she’ll bring it up. Stars, why not deputize Finn, Poe, General Organa, and anyone else good and willing, Force sensitive or not? It couldn’t hurt to have people without temptation keeping an eye on those who can and do feel the darkness at the edges of their power. Chewbacca gave her a few credits to get something from the bar, but knowing nothing of Tatooine cuisine or it’s sickly sweet alcohol, she decides it’s a better bet to wait outside with Artoo. He whistles when he sees her exiting the cantina, and hobbles across the sandy street to join her. Artoo is surprised she made it out of there with only two arms. “Yes, that’s how many I went in with? I don’t understand.” Rey motions for the droid to follow her. They stroll through the town together and it reminds her of the busier parts of Jakku- but with bantha instead of luggabeasts and a constant sense of something...historic? Artoo beeps, as though he knows what she’s thinking. “Really? I didn’t know that. He didn’t mention it.” Mostly Master Luke asks her questions, not the other way around. “Have you been here before, Artoo? Tell me everything.” * This is not Finn’s first time in a cantina and Chewbacca ought to know that. They went to Maz’s together, after all. This is his second time in a cantina, thank you very much. At least that’s what Finn thinks he’s being teased for, but it’s a lot of guesswork communicating with Chewie, still. His new co-pilot seems to enjoy letting Finn sweat it out. “So that’s how it works? I just send something?” he asks. Chewbacca growls in the affirmative, and Zarro nods. Finn sighs and digs into his pockets for a credit, Chewbacca gets the attention of the barkeeper, a tall, green Twi’lek who sits contentedly on his furry knee and wraps an arm around his neck. “Uhm, what’s a popular menu item here?” he asks, eyes darting between Chewbacca and the barkeep’s affectionate display and Poe, who’s a few tables away chatting with General. She giggles, barely turning her head to reply. “A lot of Rodians in these parts, so the Felucian Fizz is always a favorite.” “Oh geez, Finn-” Zarro starts, but Chewbacca grumbles something that’s meaningless to Finn. “Nevermind.” “One of those,” Finn tells the barkeeper. “I want to send one of those to that pilot over there. With the hair,” he points. By the Force, that hair. The barkeeper slides out of Chewbacca’s lap and takes his credits to go fill the order. “I guess it is that kind of bar,” she mutters, as incomprehensible as any Wookiee phrase. Finn turns to him, suddenly remembering- “Rey said that Artoo said that Tatooine is where you met Luke Skywalker!” Chewbacca agrees and tries to elaborate on what really happened all those years ago, but Finn’s really only picking up every fourth word, combining it with what he remembers from Rey and Artoo’s account of things. “His Jedi master paid you for transport services by chopping off someone’s arm- am I getting that right?” Zarro doubles over laughing, Chewbacca emphatically does not agree and gives Finn the impression Artoo ought to recharge with one eye open. “That’s strong talk for someone who I know calls Artoo ‘oidwwrcahhyy’,” says Poe, sliding up the booth and hip-checking Finn so he’ll make room beside him. When he sits he drops a small glass with something...swimming in it on the table. “What the Force is that?” Finn recoils. A stupid question, it is clearly a slug. “Someone sent it to me,” Poe grins, swirling the glass. “Little bit offended.” Finn’s blood runs cold and Chewbacca and Zarro excuse themselves, apparently unwilling to watch whatever fiasco is about to occur, though they clearly allowed it to happen, the traitors. Poe’s hand slips over Finn’s and squeezes. “Well, hopefully not the kind of offended that involves ripping arms out of sockets,” Finn gulps, watching Chewie walk away. “I’m disappointed in myself that I didn’t think to send you something first, actually.” * No matter how many times BB-8 is refused entry into a sentients-only establishment (623 times and counting), and despite Poe’s promises to the contrary- she is always certain she is missing something. Especially at a cantina. There could be someone corrupting a dice routine- unacceptable! Or maybe someone will wish to take a holo and their imager malfunctions- BB-8 could help with that! Or, she worries- Poe could be whistling again and she’s not there to record it for later, in case she misses his input when they’re apart. That is a good program. She calls up a favorite file and rolls around to the tune. BB-8 is a very good dancer; the General said so. A small, hooded being with glinting yellow eyes passes by and fails to register how impressive her dancing is. Rude. A familiar officer from the Resistance exits the cantina and waves in recognition. “BB-8!” She is a very popular droid. She squawks a friendly response and turns a few loops of her dance to show what a good time she is having, despite not being allowed to access their fancy sentient-cantina. This is why she is not looking when Poe and Finn stumble their way out of the door and nearly walk into her. She beeps in surprise. Poe reaches out to pat her sensor, which is very good. Then he attaches himself to Finn with hands. This is exactly the kind of outcome BB-8 has been talking about missing! She admonishes Poe and Finn for initiating this program without her. “Don’t worry Bee, you’re still my girl,” says Poe. BB-8 requests that they go back to the ship so she can report to Rey and R2D2 and C3PO and Pava and Wexley and anyone else she meets in the next cycle. "You're such a gossip," Poe says. Yes. BB-8 is a very thoughtful, popular, dancing gossip. It is good of everyone to notice. Notes: If you're wondering who the heck Zarro is- she's a little girl Chewbacca has a Marvel comic adventure with just after A New Hope. I like to think they keep in touch! (Also the art is by Phil Noto who is my personal idol, and is..duN dund DUn DOING THE POE COMIC THIS YEAR!) also check out a lil comic of poe from this fic- art by me! stitchyarts on tumblr