First, When There's Nothing. Rey held Finn's hand gently, almost afraid that if she held it any tighter he would break. In the last two days... Three days? Rey wasn't sure how many it had been since she left Jakku, it felt like so long ago now. The monitors on the wall meant little to her, she had never seen them before and she had no idea what they meant. Nevertheless she stared at the one she knew kept track of his heart beat, which was miraculously steady. Her eyes had glazed over hours ago, no longer registering what was in front of her. She took a deep breath, the ragged sound startling her. She felt light headed, the room swam in front of her, and she squeezed Finn's hand to steady herself. She hadn't been breathing enough, her lungs hurt, and her body felt stiff. Slowly, she became aware of the world again, the steady beeping of the medical equipment, Finn's slow, shallow breathing, and the muffled voices and footsteps from the base outside. Rey rubbed her thumb along the back of Finn's hand. "I wonder which of us needs it more," Rey whispered. In all her life that she could remember, Rey had only known three feelings: fear, sadness, and longing. Love, friendship, those feelings were entirely new. Finn was her friend. She couldn't lose him. Her chest tightened, and she felt tears come to her eyes. She couldn't stop them, and she didn't really want to. She lay her head against his chest, tears falling silently. Roll, roll, roll, beep, WHISTLE! Rey sat up slowly and looked around at the doorway behind her. BB-8 rolled in, beeping excitedly, slowing down when they reached Rey and bumping her leg gently. She smiled weakly and patted the droid. BB-8 was her friend too. "She's been really worried about you." Rey looked up again. Standing in the doorway was a tousled haired pilot holding two mugs of something steaming. BB-8 beeped in introduction. "Oh," Rey said, "you're Poe." "One and only," Poe said, taking a couple steps into the room. "You're Rey, BB-8 hasn't stopped talking about you. I would have come sooner, but I had to run some diagnostics on my X-Wing and check in with the general." He paused awkwardly. "I brought some tea." "Um, thank you," Rey said, taking the warm mug he offered. She took an experimental sip. It wasn't bad, it was actually slightly comforting. There was a scrapping sound as Poe moved a chair over so he could sit next to Rey. "I can take over if you want, you should get some sleep," Poe offered. Rey shook her head. "No, he's my friend." Friend. My friend. Poe patted her shoulder in a way that Rey assumed was meant to be comforting. "He's my friend too." BB-8 beeped in agreement. "I don't know if he's going to be okay," Rey admitted in a whisper. Poe looked at her, confusion written all over his face. "They didn't tell you?" He asked. "Tell me what?" "He's going to be fine, he'll wake up in a day or so, it's just nerve racking for us in the mean time," Poe said, looking at Rey incredulously. "You mean..." Rey began, slowly taking in what Poe had said. "He's going to be okay?" Poe smiled at her. "Yeah, he's going to be fine in a day or so, I just assumed that you wanted to make sure he didn't wake up alone." Rey smiled for the first time since she had gotten back, letting out a small choked noise from the back of her throat. She wanted to hug Poe, but she also didn't want to let go of Finn's hand or drop her mug. Poe seemed to understand and he patted her shoulder again. "I'll look after him, you go get some sleep," Poe said. "You'll feel better in the morning." Rey wanted to protest, wanted to say no, she didn't need to sleep, she wanted to stay, but she realized it would do no good, the look on Poe's face told her that. "I don't have anywhere to sleep," Rey said instead. "You can take my bunk," Poe said. Rey gave a watery smile. BB-8 beeped loudly and pushed against her leg again. "Thank you, both of you." Rey slowly released Finn's hand and stood up. Rey took a few steps toward the door, nudged on by BB-8, and Poe shifted to her chair and took Finn's hand. Their eyes met for a brief moment and Rey nodded at him, which he returned. Then she followed BB-8 out, comforted that Finn had another friend with him. As she lay down in Poe's bunk not too much later, she felt safe, and it occurred to her that maybe she had more friends than she had thought. Chapter 2 : A Slow, Growing Dream. Summary: Poe has a roommate. A human one, not just BB-8. Notes: Soooo..... I suck. I literally haven't updated in a year. In my defense I was focusing on college and my original work. Original work is currently in Editing Hell (trademark), so here I am. I'm on tumblr with the same user name, so if you want Quality Gay Content (my OCs, and just in general), come shake a stick at me. I always need more Reyva in my life, so send me a message with head cannons, prompts, whatnot. Without further a due, and immense apologies, chapter two. "Shit." WHISTLE! Rey opened her eyes, awake at once. At the now open doorway she could just make out BB-8 chastising a flight-suit clad figure in hushed beeps. "Shitshitshit..." the day glow orange began to back away. Chirripbeepbeep. "Is this your bunk?" Rey asked, not moving from her fetal position. "Yeah, Poe and I share." A dark shape above the orange jerked towards the bunk opposite Rey that she hadn't noticed in her exhaustion. The pilot was a woman Rey noted. "You're his girl?" The pilot snorted loudly, and when she spoke it was through heavy laughter. "Holy hellfire god no, we're literally competing for the title of gayest pilot in the resistance." Rey understood all of those words, but not necessarily in that order. She decided she liked the pilot's laugh. "I'm Jessika Pava, defending champion of previously mentioned title, as well as that of snarliest bitch when tired. I've got no competition on that one though." Jessika stepped over BB-8 and into the room. BB-8 whirred in protest. "My. Bunk," Jessika snapped at the droid. "I will let her sleep as soon as you let me do the same." Beep. "Yes I know her name, now let us sleep you orange nuisance." Whistlewhistlebeepwhistle. Rey didn't know that phrase. "R2-D2 is no longer allowed to babysit you, and I'm telling Poe this time." BB-8 gave an indignant beep. "I mean it." Jessika unzipped the front of her flight suit and Rey let her eyes fall shut at the sound. There were no other words, droid or human, for a long time. Rey could only hear the sounds of Jessika's breathing and BB-8's internal cooling system, along with rustles of Jess getting settled in her bunk. "Hey, Rey?" Jess asked a moment before Rey assumed she'd fallen asleep. Rey opened her eyes again. "Do you know where anything is on base?" "The hanger and medical," Rey replied. "Want me to show you around tomorrow? At least the mess hall anyway, so we can take something to Poe." Rey nodded. "Thank you, Pava." "Okay, if you want to live, call me by my first name or one of my nicknames. I don't care how powerful of a Jedi you are or are going to be, my last name, used in any context except giving orders, gets your ass kicked." Rey couldn't tell if Jessika was joking or not. "Thank you, Jessika," she corrected. Jessika shot her a thumbs up, then went face first into her pillow. Rey closed her eyes again. Friendship was definitely a good feeling. Chapter 3 : Let Your Fear, Cease to Hide... Summary: Jessika, holder of the completely and utterly official title of "gayest pilot in the resistance", cannot, for the life of her, win an argument against a droid she practically shares custody of. Notes: Jessika POV. Such a sarcastic bean. I love her. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The problem with BB-8 being your bunk's designated alarm clock is that there is no damn snooze button. Jess wonders briefly, only briefly because brief is the only thing she can manage before her second cup of kaf, if she could program a snooze button into the droid. Unlikely. Beepbeepbeepbeepbeepbeep. "I will blast I hole right through you if you don't shut up," Jess mumbled. BB-8 beeped happily. "Do not harm BB-8." Oh shit. Jess had forgotten about the new girl, who, apparently, had never been introduced to sarcasm. Very much awake now, Jess sat up and began to back track, verbally and messily. "No, no no, I'm not gonna hurt BB-8, I'm practically his mom." Chirrip! "Her today?" Jess looked at BB-8 to check, and she nodded. "Sorry, her mom." "BB-8 is my friend," Rey said. She was sitting cross legged in Poe's bunk, still looking at Jess with caution. BB-8 began to beep and whirr out an explanation, and Jess almost laughed to hear her explanation of "violent morning humor." Rey's expression softened into delighted curiosity. "And that's normal?" she asked BB-8. "At least around here," Jess cut in. Rey looked up at her, smiling slightly. Oh no... she has dimples... Jess immediately shut down that train of thought. It was too damn early to be that damn gay. Gay could wait until after caffeine. "So people threaten violence in the morning... and that's funny?" Rey asked slowly. "Only because we know none of us would actually hurt each other. And, and because of the way we say it," Jess added. "Oh." There was silence for a moment while BB-8 shifted between them excitedly. How even a droid could be a morning person Jess did not know. "So, I have to ask, how long have you been up?" Jess asked. "Since five AM." Rey said simply. Jess blinked at her, astounded. "That is not a human hour. That's a time you stay up till, not a time you get up!" Rey scrunched up her eyebrows. "Is that more violent morning humor?" "Kind of," Jess said. "Listen, kid, I gotta get some caffeine in me if I am going to have to talk to you any longer?" "Have to talk"? "Have to"? Really Pava? Really? Way to make her feel welcome. "You don't have to talk if you don't want to," Rey said, her eyes wide and honest. "No, no! I do want to talk, I just know I'm not fun to talk to before I start on my second cup of kaf," Jess explained hurriedly. If there was anything she wanted, it was to not offend the impossibly cute girl in front of her, but damn if cute girls didn't up her likelihood of putting three whole feet in her mouth. Rey smiled, the first full smile Jess had seen on her. She nearly died on the spot. "Well, lets deal with that quickly," Rey said, standing up. "I enjoy talking to you." Rey was already halfway to the door before Jess's mouth caught up to her brain. "Pants!" Rey stopped in her tracks and looked down at her legs in confusion. "I mean I need pants," Jess corrected. "I gotta put pants, and like, a bra on." "Right," Rey said. "I'll wait outside." Rey pushed the button next to the door, making it slid upwards to let her out. It closed with a hiss. Immediately, BB-8 began to beep furiously at her. "I am NOT stealing her!" Jess protested, throwing the sheets back. WHISTLE! "Yes she's cute, but that doesn't mean I'm flirting with her!" Jess rooted around in the mess that was the drawer under her bunk for pants. Gotcha! Whirrrrrrrrrrr.... "I was being nice!" Jess half tuned out the next two minutes of binary berating as she struggled into pants and boots. She took a hard look at her bra and tried to decide how lazy she was today. "Okay! O.K. she's pretty, and I totally would, except that A, she's currently a very important person I might get in trouble for flirting with, and B, she's out of my league. Please, just, stop." BB-8 let her last whistle fade. "Thank you." Jess slipped her arms out of her sleeves and did her bra up before slipping them back in. Moderately lazy, extremely cold. "Alright, let us venture my child," Jess shot at the silent droid. BB-8 beeped matter-of-factly. Jess blushed. "Yeah? You really think?" Notes: thank you all for the comments! I really appreciate any and all feedback!! Please feel free to shoot me a message at my tumblr anytime! Notes: Hello! So I've never written Star Wars fan fiction before, but I couldn't resist temptation. I hope I've made my head canons clear with my tags. Feedback is greatly appreciated, and if you comment I will love you forever. I'm on Tumblr at madcapdragonshenanigans, so feel free to shoot me an ask/message. Please let me know what you think!!!