Prologue Summary: New roommates Finn and Rey meet, and head out to the club fair. Notes: I'm a hardcore Rey Kenobi stan, sorry not sorry. Also, all lightsabers have been replaced with fencing sabers (is that the term?), because I said so. Finn's tired after the long drive to campus. He had decided simply to take himself up for move-in day, instead of forcing his family to take time off of work to drive him up, like they had wanted. He unceremoniously deposits his suitcases on the floor of his new dorm room, 2187, not wanting to claim a bed in case his roommate ends up wanting to choose first, or if she wants to make bunk beds. Finn doesn't know much about her besides what the school had sent him; her name -- Rey Kenobi -- and a small picture. Rey was pretty and rather petite, with dark hair she tamed into a column of buns, searching eyes, and a bright smile. She had the look of someone delicate, Finn thought, but fierce, like she was waiting for a chance to prove you wrong. Finn pulled out the campus map and move-in schedule that had been handed to him by an uninterested boy with dyed-black hair whose name tag had originally read Ben , although he had taken a red Sharpie and edited it so it read Kylo Ren. Skimming the list of activities, Finn sees that the club fair was going to start in twenty minutes on the north quad. There would be free samples given out by some of the restaurants in the area, where students were allowed to use meal points to pay for meals, or receive a student discount. His stomach growls slightly; he hadn’t eaten anything since he’d shoved half a glazed doughnut into his mouth as he ran out the door earlier that morning. He gathers his student ID and room key before leaving, and narrowly avoids sending his roommate, who must have just turned the corner, tumbling to the floor. Great first impression, Finn. “Sorry,” he says weakly. “Don’t worry about it,” Rey replies, voice tinged with a faint British accent, as she attempts to straighten. She's carrying a heavy-looking backpack with what looked like a fencing saber strapped to it as well as wheeling two gigantic suitcases behind her. Finn makes an attempt to take one of the bags from her, trying to help out. Rey simply waves him off and hoists the suitcases into the room with only minimal exertion. She grins and extends a hand to shake. “You’re Finn, right?” “Yeah, and you must be Rey. Nice to meet you.” He accepts the handshake. “Are you a freshman too, or…” “Yep. You heading out to the club fair? My dad’s on me to join stuff, make new friends, get involved in things other than fencing… For the true college experience .” She rolls her eyes good-naturedly. Finn nods. “You fence?” he asks, curious. “Yeah, I’ve been doing it my whole life, practically. My dad was really good at it; he was captain of his school team, so he kinda instilled it in me. Carrying on the family legacy, or whatever. I like it, though, it’s an outlet. Keeps me in shape.” “That’s so cool,” Finn enthuses. “I need to join some clubs too, my folks are always telling me to ‘diversify my interests’ and ‘branch out.’” He makes air quotes. “Which is parent code for ‘we just want you to leave the house instead of playing video games and doing homework all day.’ You wanna come with? I was just leaving, actually, before I almost knocked you out,” he says with a laugh. “Absolutely, let me just grab my room key and stuff,” Rey agrees, retrieving them before stepping out of the room with Finn and heading to the grassy quad. Notes: This is my first multi-chapter fic, and I don't know when updates will be. I'll try to update consistently; I know it's annoying when WIPs don't update and I definitely don't wanna be that person. Sorry this prologue is kinda short -- the next chapter is coming soon, I promise! :) If you liked this, leave kudos, bookmark it, and comments especially make my day! <3 Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 6 of the tumblr prompts series