Not a day goes by when Kylo Ren isn’t thankful for his mask. It conceals his voice, provides protection, it’s even a sort of dedication to his Grandfather. But, possibly the most important thing it does, is that it can hide the expression on his face. And so, when a certain general of the First Order informs him that he will be a father, he is extremely thankful for his mask. He is thankful because the mask hides the struck look on his face, thankful because the mask leaves it up the the imagination how he is truly reacting. Perhaps the mask can help him convince Hux that he is feeling anger at the news, and not a curl of fear in his gut. He lets the silence drag out for a moment, Hux shifting from one foot to the other before him, before he answers. “You’re sure?” The General gives his answer in the form of a curt nod. Ren feels lightheaded. He feels like he should sit down, feels like his legs might give out. Instead he says, “How long?” and hopes Hux understands. “Three weeks, give or take. Or just about.” This time it’s Kylo who nods. He turns his body to the side, and looks at the wall in front of him, because he doesn’t want Hux to see him anxiously clenching and unclenching his right fist. “It is mine.” he says, not asking, because he doesn’t have to ask. Why else would Hux come to him? Why would he tell him of all people about this- this child. “And what do you intend to do about it?” He asks, dreading what the general would say next. “What am I going to- damn it Ren,would you take off that damn mask and look at me?” Kylo turns his head, not much, but enough to look at the man’s face. He notices things he hadn’t when he first walked in, things like skin that was far more pale than usual, things like hands, shaking in their black gloves, and so he does as Hux asks. After taking a moment to compose himself, he straightens his back, and he turns, pulling off his helmet. Now looking him in the eye, Hux answers the last question asked. “I intend to keep it. I’m not going to- I don’t see any reason not to.” Kylo feels something in him loosen at these words, a fist in his stomach unclenching. Good, he thinks before he can stop himself, and he’s shocked to find that it is genuine. He is pleased that Hux is not being dismissive of the life growing within him. It’s becoming a frequent feeling when Hux is involved, he finds. “Well then,” Kylo says, stepping closer, and he sees something akin to fear pass through the general’s eyes. A bit confused, he steps close, eyebrows furrowed, head tilted a bit to the side, and the other man makes to take a step back, one hand coming up as if to touch his- Kylo’s eyes widen when he realized what Hux thinks he’s about to do. “You think I’d… you think I would hurt you? For your choice to keep it? Is that how you see me, General?” And he finds that he is truly hurt by this reveal. Stepping back, Ren reaches for his mask. “I trust you will be able to take care of any medical care you will need, General. Now, if you will excuse me.” Voice suddenly cold, he brushed past the other man, and leaves the room. Kylo Ren does not see Hux again until three days later. He was currently tearing apart his twelfth training dummy, slicing without any rhyme or reason, feeling vague satisfaction every time a limb fell to the cool metal floor. The past few days had given him time to think on the news he’d received, and he had now come to a boiling point. He was not upset about the child's existence, not exactly. He was more worried, worried about when would happen to them. He knew Snoke would want to use them, somehow, he just didn’t know how . That frightening thought, coupled with the look of fear on Hux’s face when he gave Kylo the news were the only two things running through his mind the past few days. It was driving him insane. His dismantlement of training dummy number twelve was interrupted by, unsurprisingly, the man currently occupying his mind. A loud, fairly angry “Ren!” is yelled, and it causes him to stop his motions, not because he wants to listen, but because if he hit Hux he wouldn’t know what to do with himself. “General.” he replies, powering down the crackling sabre in his hands, forcing his shoulders to relax. “May I help you?” He looks over his shoulder at the other man, whose face gives away little to no emotion, negative or otherwise. “Yes, Ren, you may help me, by telling me just why you’ve decided to tear apart another one of our training rooms. But you’ll have to tell me on the way, because I’m nearly late already.” He said before turning on his heel and exiting the room. Of course, Kylo followed. “‘On the way’, General?” He asked, catching up to walk next to the other man. “Just where is it we’re going?” Hux didn’t even spare him a glance as he replied, “I have an appointment with the medical officer, and you will be joining me.” This caused Kylo to stop, momentarily stunned, and - once again - thankful that the mask hid his baffled expression. When Hux stopped walking as well, he spoke. “You want me there?” Throwing a clearly unimpressed look in his direction, the general turned away and began to walk again. “Obviously, Ren.” Kylo would admit to himself, later on, that he was thankful Hux allowed him to sit in on the appointment with him. To see his- his child, no matter how small, and to see the look on Hux’s face, the soft smile, the adoring look in his eyes, the way his hand subconsciously moved to his stomach. It was something he knew he’d never forget. And after, when they’re both finally alone together, it’s different. It wasn’t fucking - it hadn’t been just fucking for the past few months, though neither Kylo nor Hux would ever admit that. But this time is was something so much more intimate than anything they’d ever done before. Kylo would even call it soft , or loving, if it was with anyone other than the general. When they’d laid together afterwards, both sated and oversensitive, a feeling of rightness between the two, and Hux had begun to doze off, Kylo couldn’t help himself. Overly aware of the other man’s every move, he softly placed his hand on his stomach. When the general didn’t react negatively, and even seemed to relax further at the touch, he let his hand move up and down over Hux’s pale stomach, and eventually they both fell asleepa in eachother’s arms, utterly at peace. When they’re called before Snoke, Kylo feels as if there is ice in his veins. There is a feeling of dread in his gut, because he knows that the Supreme Leader knows, but he doesn’t know what the Supreme Leader will do. The first thing the ancient sith tells them is, “I must offer my most sincere congratulations to the both of you.” and Kylo feels sick- either because of Snoke’s words or because of the waves of discomfort coming off of Hux. Maybe both. They both reply with a dull, “Thank you, Supreme Leader.” They don’t outwardly react when Snoke goes on about what a great weapon their child will be, about how their child will cement the First Order’s control over the galaxy. But while Kylo keeps himself composed on the outside, his mind is in chaos. His thoughts are like a storm- loud, angry, uncontrollable. He doesn’t think it, because he’s sure Snoke would catch it if he did, but deep down, some part of him whispers the truth. In that moment - with that vague threat to his child, to Hux - Kylo Ren wants to kill Supreme Leader Snoke. He risks a look to Hux out of the corner of his eye, and sees that the man is far more pale than usual, that he is visibly shaking. He’s sure that Snoke sees it too. When the Supreme Leader finally lets them go, Kylo walks directly behind Hux all the way to the general’s rooms. When they get inside he takes off his mask. Hux doesn’t speak. All he does is go to Ren, who immediately wraps his arms around the other man. When Kylo feels a dampness on his clothing, feels Hux’s shoulders shake, he holds the man a little tighter. When he hears “We can’t let him. We can’t let him.” quietly mumbled into his neck over and over, he just buries his face in red hair and nods. When Kylo Ren falls asleep in the middle of a snowy forest, he doesn’t think he’ll wake again.When he does wake, and sees Hux trying to lift him up, trying to get him to walk as he half drags Kylo to a light in the distance, he thinks it is a dream, and so he says. “I love you.” Before he closes his eyes again, he catches sight of tears on the other man’s face, and he hears a cracking voice say, “I know, Ren. I know. Please, please walk, Kylo. ” The next time he wakes he knows it isn’t a dream. There is no snow to numb his aching wounds, and so he feels pain. Not just from his own body, but from the body next to him. Looking over, he sees Hux in a chair next to the bed he’s in, head on Kylo’s lap, asleep. When Kylo whispers his name, the man jolts awake. Kylo takes a moment to savor the look of joy that crosses the general's face, assumedly there because he is awake, before it is replaced with a look so somber, so bleak, that Ren knows what has happened before Hux even tells him. “It was the stress, and too much movement. That’s what the medic said. Too much running around, and worrying. The destruction of the planet you’re on will do that, I’m sure.” is all Hux says. And then he’s crying, and his arms are around Kylo, and he’s rambling on about anything and everything. “I thought you would never wake up,” and, “I’m so sorry, Kylo, I’m so sorry, ” and, “I love you, too, you damned fool ,” and on and on. After wrapping his arms around the other man in return, Kylo realizes he’s crying, too. He tells Hux about his family the next morning. When Snoke brings up the baby the next time they talk to him, Hux visibly flinches. It makes Kylo want to kill. When he seeks assurance that they will conceive once more, Kylo decides that enough is enough. Hux falls pregnant again four months after Starkiller Base. They immediately run. When Hux learns that Kylo means to take them to the Resistance, he is wary. They’ve stopped on some random Outer Rim planet, looking for a ship less obvious than a TIE fighter. As they lie in bed Kylo pulls Hux to him. Between kisses, he whispers to him, “Do you trust me?” The other man replies in a hushed, breathy voice, “Yes,” They enter D’Qar’s atmosphere one week later. When Ben Organa sees his mother for the first time in over a decade, the first thing she does is slap him across the face. Then, tears in her eyes, she draws him in for a hug so warm, so right, that he feels as if he might break down right there. Finally, finally, he’s home. His father claps him on the shoulder, and he expects that’s all he’ll get, and then his mother is pulling both of them in for a hug. And, somehow, they end up on their knees, and he feels like a kid again, and this time he is crying. Later, when they’ve all calmed down a bit more, Ben and Hux are questioned. When asked why he left the First Order, Ben replies with. “I needed to. For my child, and for Hux. It was time.” He later learns that Hux, too, told them everything he knew about the Order. It hits him then, how much he truly loves the former general. It hits him again later, when he’s inside of Hux in their room, and the other man calls out “ Ben ,” and then “I love you, Ben I love you. ” For the first time, Ben holds the love of his life in his arms as the other man sleeps, and he feels safe . When Ben and Hux are married a few months later, Hux’s stomach is only just starting to curve. Ben places his hand on that rounded stretch of skin before leaving to raid a lesser base of the First Order two weeks later, before climbing into his X-wing. Being the grandson of Anakin Skywalker, the nephew of Luke Skywalker, and the son of Han Solo, it’s no surprise that he has a natural gift for piloting; a gift that the Resistance intends to use. “Be safe,” Hux says to Ben before he leaves. “Don’t do anything too impulsive.” Ben smiles, feeling the worry coursing underneath Hux’s vaguely disinterested mask. He knows that the other man still isn’t exactly comfortable with showing affection in public, and especially not surrounded by so many members of the Resistance as they are now. That doesn’t mean he stops himself from kissing the former general on the cheek and whispering “I love you, too.” against his rapidly reddening skin before climbing into his X-wing. The mission, for the most part, goes off without a hitch. The information Hux supplied to the Resistance helped marginally; unsurprisingly, the ex-general knew far more about the First Order that Ben had. After a fairly short battle with the stormtroopers in the base, Ben and the other Pilots begin looking around for valuable information. He’s so distracted, he almost missed the wheezing voice from a few feet next to him. “Snoke’s been looking for you, Kylo Ren. And soon, he’ll find you.” Foolishly, Ben turns to look at the source of the voice. It’s a Trooper,leaning against a shelf, blaster wound in his leg. “He wants you alive. Both of you. My guess is that he’s going to want that bastard kid of your, once they're born. Want’s you, too. Plans on torturing you until you can’t remember why you even left. You’re too good of an investment to just let go, I supose.” The Stormtrooper winces in pain, dragging in a ragged breath, and Ben steps closer. “I can only imagine what he’ll want to do to that general. Make an example of him, maybe. An example for you. Keep you from stepping out of line again. Maybe Snoke will give ‘im to us Troopers, let us have our fun-.” Ben has his sabre ignited and through the Stormtrooper’s chest in seconds. When someone asks him if he’s alright, he has to take a few moments to get his breathing under control before answering. He wonders, not for the first time since their escape, if he’s doomed Hux and their child. When he stands with his arms around Hux, months later, their son in Hux’s arms between the two of them, he knows that leaving was the best choice he’d ever made. Notes: I shamelessly stole that reunion scene from Tangled. Having them pull Hux into the hug was veeeeery tempting.