i want to be honest, i want to be bad, i want to destroy you, i want to move fast It happens after the fight. It happens when Rey first steps on to the ship that's bound to take her home. To the Resistance headquarters, that's home. Only, it doesn't happen then. It's been happening, a energy so alive that it pulses between them two - like a beating heart. They're both guilty of it. The heart is constantly bumping, thumpthumpthump , because its being fed - they're constantly giving it it's blood needed to survive, constantly poking at a open wound so it doesn't heal. They don't want it to heal. **** Luke is a senile old man that lives vicariously in his mind. He sets Rey up for daunting tasks that she puts up with and he still refuses to pick up his light saber. When he thinks Rey isn't looking, he watches. Rey grits his teeth at his expression, knows shes doing something wrong with the little pull of his lip. Years of living on Jakku, scavenging tooth and nail only to be awarded with one ration at best, is something she's use to. The expressions, the emotions, the disappointment. Except, he doesn't say anything. Her Jedi poses are mediocre at best and the Force is a constant electrical current in the back of her mind, restless and ready. "What happened to Ben?" She asks one day, sick of the silence and sick of his presence in the back of her head. Luke stills from pouring soup in to a bowl for the both, "he fell." "I know," she pours out her frustration, at Luke, at the Force, at why she's still so curious about him even though he's him , "but why?" "I couldn't tell you," Luke simply sighs. "That's not good enough!" She explodes. Luke watches. "I can't ever get a simple answer out of you. I'm sick of meditating because I'm still not ready. I'm going to face him one day and he's a Sith ," she heaves. "Anger is not good," Luke replies, pale. Rey closes her eyes and deflates. Sick of the Force, of the responsibilities of trying to get somewhere with Luke, of having to watch her back, of trying to be good. Rey startles at the last thought before she bursts in tears. ***** Luke stops teaching her. She stops trying to learn. Her mind is on overdrive and she knows why. Kylo sits there, unyielding and massive in size, tainting her every thought and emotion. His essence sings throughout her veins, poisoning her mind, as she experiences his pain. Anger. Torment. Despair. It rages chaotically throughout him, Han Solo's sacrifice making nothing more clearer, Kylo's mind is muddy and grey. Rey dreams of him. In her dreams, she's walking in the deep tunnels of his brain, step by step, there are doors on each side and their dripping crimson, and she has to choose. She throws herself in to a room bathed in a dim light, one small bed in the corner and a little boy huddled on it. She approaches him quietly, aware of his shaking shoulders and muffled sobs, before she stands before him. "Are you alright?" She crouches down and peers up at the boy. His hair is unruly and his clothes are bloody. The boy stills and looks up at her. She wakes up with a start, bathed in sweat and shivering. **** She feels him before he arrives. Luke's gone, has been gone for months now, and its just her and her light saber. As she watches his ship land, she feels the bond tighten and thrum, like plucking guitar strings. The energy between the two is palpable as he closes the distance between them. Rey holds still, watches him, drinks him in. His body is tightly wounded, his steps heavy and purposeful. She holds his gaze, knows he's looking even through his mask and watches as his fingers flex around his saber. She forces her mind to shut down and instantly feels cold when she doesn't feel his ever present warmth in her mind, the tendrils of darkness that whisper and coax out her light. She stays seated, forces the lessons that Master Luke taught her to the forefront, and meditates. Kylo reaches her and grasps her chin between his fingers and forces her to look up at him and even though she's shut him out, she still feels the whispers of smug satisfaction that Kylo gets from their position. Her knelt in front of him, having to look up at him. It makes her irrationally angry, the kind of anger that she shouldn't have, the anger that he always coaxes out. Her mind tilts on its axis and she feels when it snaps, all the emotions slamming in her mind and in to Ren. His hand falls away as he takes a staggering step back and she can't read anything anymore. She's so angry. She lashes out with a quick swipe of her saber, but he gains back control of his mind and deflects it. He dances around her, not actually trying to hurt her and she's seething. "Going soft?" She taunts and knows she's wrong for it. She feels the darkness pulsing inside of her as she feeds it. Kylo sneers and slashes his light saber more recklessly as his emotions intermingle with hers. "Get out of my head," Ren snarls and lands a rather forceful swipe to her thigh. Rey flinches but keeps upright and continues to fight. The Force is practically poignant in the air, Rey's so sure of it she can taste in on her tongue, a light sweet taste tinged with bitterness. "Can't take what you dish out?" She glares and jabs him in his ribs. Kylo rages. He yanks off one of his gloves and throws it carelessly away before aiming the Force at Rey. He smirks when she freezes under the onslaught of it, her weak Force waves trying to fend off his bigger ones. She's so angry and hurt, she's practically oozing with it. Kylo tuts at her and applies pressure to her throat, "using darkness against me isn't going to work. I live in it." Rey glares at him and struggles to fight against him, to no avail. Kylo frowns, "stop fighting it." He drops her carelessly and she winces as she falls on her hip before scrambling back up. She runs towards him and launches herself to him, wrapping her legs around his neck and flipping him on his back. His answering groan makes her sing with pride before she's straddling him and landing punches on any spot she deems worthy. The punches are weak and frail, her body shaking under her minds breaking point. Kylo watches her above him. Her face crumbles and her punches are so weak, he barely feels it. He feels her emotions through the bond even clearer because of their close proximity. Their both practically humming under the Force bond. Kylo catches her hands in his and forces her hands down, over his chest. Rey's chest heaves above them as she watches Kylo through blurry eyes as she struggles not to cry. He reaches out softly through the bond, lightly forcing small waves of calm and haziness through it. Rey's bottom lip trembles before she's crying, a soft sad sound that he never wants to hear again. "I can't do this," She whispers. "You wouldn't have to chose, with me," he squeezes out. He feels her overwhelming sadness then. "You can't promise that," she hiccups and her eyebrows furrow. He mindlessly lifts a hand to smooth the crease. "I can," he promises reverently and shifts so that she's sitting on his lap and he's cupping her chin to look at her, "you won't be alone anymore." "But that's all there is!" Rey shouts, now. Her mind is whipped into a frenzied and he feels the Force surrounding them, picking up speed. He feels a thundering pressure on his chest. "Rey," He squeezes out, eyes wide. She clenches her eyes shut and shakes her head, "the darkness doesn't comfort. It despairs. All the darkness is, is loneliness." She's squeezing his hands, and he can't breathe. The pressure is increasing and he feels light-headed. A flash of light is the last thing he sees before a burning pain licks it's way down his back. He passes out.