Poe waits outside her quarters, leaning nonchalantly beside the door with his hands in his pockets, whistling softly for added effect. As the minutes roll by, he begins to bounce on the balls of his feet, unable to control the nervous jittering that has been a thorn in his side for as long as he can remember. Poe Dameron, best pilot in the Resistance, legend among men, women, and all those in between, is not supposed to jitter. But he does, and he is, and it's only getting worse as more time passes. She's always at the mess hall by this time, Poe thinks, worrying his lower lip between his teeth. Always. He glances at his wrist, flicking the watch display on his holo on and groaning when he sees the time. If he waits any longer, he's going to miss breakfast, and his squadron leader's been drilling them extra hard all week; it's going to be absolute hell without at least a cup of coffee to wake him up. Poe combs a hand through his curls, letting it come to rest on his neck where he rubs at the tension in his muscles. Shit. He looks forward down the passage, then back towards the sealed door. Shit. Just as Poe decides that it isn't worth it, that he can just catch up with her another time, and resolves to leave his post beside her room, there is a light humming sound and the door slides open effortlessly, revealing a slightly dishevelled Rey, clad in beige robes and a leather vest. Her mussed hair makes a halo around her flushed face, which glows with a light sheen of sweat, bringing out the sparkle in her earthy, wide-awake eyes. "Oh, Rey - hey there, I was just - uh... Wondering where you were, you know, at breakfast." Poe jerks a thumb over his shoulder, laughing awkwardly. Rey smiles, stepping out of her room and flicking her hand behind her. The door slides closed as if by an invisible hand, something that doesn't come necessarily as a shock to Poe, but still strikes him every time he sees it. The Force, in action, is an incredible thing. "No, you weren't," she says, still smiling (almost smugly, Poe thinks, but what would she have to be smug about?) as she leans against the shiny white of the wall beside him, folding her arms across her chest. "No one gets this worked up about breakfast." "Worked up? I-I don't know what you mean, ha," Poe stammers, managing one of his signature, slightly-lopsided grins that (apparently) are infamous for their ability to make anybody swoon. "Oh, hush. I could sense you. Even with my energies focused on my training, I could sense you. You give off quite a strong aura, you know." She breaks off, giving him a knowing grin and a playful punch on the arm. "Maybe you're Force-sensitive yourself. "Yeah, maybe," Poe says, though he doubts it. "Although I doubt it, considering how entirely un-perceptive you're being about the whole Finn situation. It's as if you're being deliberately obtuse -" "Woah, hey!" Poe interrupts, clapping a hand over Rey's mouth to stifle her, casting a quick glance over his shoulder to see if anyone overheard. No one in the passage but them. "Who said anything about Finn? No one did, alright, and if they were to say something, they'd use a code name, like -" "Mmmph!" Rey protests, slapping his arm in an entirely un-playful way. "Gerroff!" So he does, but only because he's seen Rey fight, and he's not really keen on the idea of going up against her. Like, anywhere, any time, and no matter how much she may or may not like him, because she'd totally kick his ass regardless. "Sorry," he whispers, pulling her closer. "Just - don't say it out loud, okay?" She rolls her eyes, but doesn't disagree, so Poe knows she'll comply and breaths a sigh of relief. "Such children," she says disdainfully. "He was here too last night, you know. Come to ask me about the exact same thing." "Wait, really? What did he say?" "Oh, I don't know. Some lovesick rubbish about how much he loves your curls and how dreamy your eyes are. The point is, there's nothing to be afraid of in making a move! Especially now that I've told you, okay? So if I don't hear some garbled, warped-version-of-the-truth-type gossip that involves you making out in the armoury or a broom closet or something, I'm going to be royally mad." She prods him in the chest to make sure he's got the message. "Understand?" Poe nods, though he hasn't heard anything else she's said since "dreamy eyes". "Loud and clear." Then he has an idea. "Come with me?" "Pardon?" "There's a holofilm showing tonight, in one of the rec rooms. Can I invite him to come with the two of us?" "Oh, for pity's sake -" "It's just less intimating than a one-on-one first date, that's all! Please, Rey, please-please-please-please? Remember who got you your first ice cream cone? Remember?" "Oh, fine! But if I end up sitting next to the both of sucking face in the dark, I swear..." And that's how Rey ends up third-wheeling on their first date, to which Finn (of course) said yes. That's how she finds herself in a darkened room lined with uncomfortable metal chairs they'd pulled from somewhere deep in storage, sitting in the back row in the aisle seat, beside two grown men who are acting unbearably like a pair of fifteen year old adolescents. Or, she thinks with a wrinkle of her nose and a roll of her eyes, a pair of sand-mice in heat. And not the kind that comes from the sun. Finn pulls back from the kiss, and for a moment Poe's heart skips a beat, dropping ever so slightly in his chest. "What's wrong?" he whispers, one of his arms still wrapped around Finn's waist. The other, which had been resting lightly on the man's thigh, he brings up to cup his jaw, tracing the faint shadow of his stubble with his thumb. "Nothing," Finn says, leaning his head into the caress and tightening the hand that he has curled around the back of Poe's neck, clasping his fingers in the thick curls that grow just above there. Poe can feel him smile against his palm, the sensation of his full, soft lips mesmerising, the musky, rich smell that naturally perfumes his skin intoxicating. "I just wanna remember this moment." Poe grins, that lopsided, charming smirk that is his trademark, only this time it is as genuine as they come. "Don't worry, there'll be plenty more for you to remember. And some," he adds, winking devilishly before leaning back in to press his lips to Finn's, carefree and messy in the dark, "that I'll make impossible to forget."