the room is hot as hell and just as dark, tinged with red as hux jolts against kylo. kylo is naked and hux isn't, of course. hux shivers, his face buried in the duvet, whining as kylo presses his hands against the wall, palms flat and fingers spread as he moves the general's coat out of the way to tug at the back of his pants and pull them down before pushing into him. he doesn't worry about prep, leaning over to run his fingertips over the head of hux's cock. hux had been ready since kylo grabbed him and pulled him into his quarters, kicking the door closed with his foot as they bit into each other's mouths. hux hisses, shaking helplessly as kylo trails his hand lazily. it's sticky. he can feel each thrust from behind him getting closer to his prostate as another hand grabs his hair and pulls his head back to look at him. kylo's eyes are blown like black holes, glittering in the light. a kiss is planted to his forehead. "you're so tight-- like a virgin." kylo murmurs suddenly, and hux can feel tears coming as the line of fabric in his mouth gets wetter and wetter with metallic-tasting spit. sweet as pie. this feels too good to feel good, in a way; too pleasurable, too much, too-- overtaking. hux is nice and wet and tight as kylo fucks him, honeylike talk intoxicating the redhead. "you a virgin, baby? this your first time?" he nods hux's head for him, rolling his hips to rub up against his prostate. hux moans loudly, suddenly, and for a second they're both not sure if it actually happened until kylo laughs with his teeth flashing and drops hux's hair, letting his head hang as he digs bruises into his pale skin. "imagine what they would say if they knew you were like this," kylo breathes. hux feels his gut clench. "knew that their beloved general was a dirty little whore. 'cause that's what you are, yeah?" his voice is frayed and he smirks wickedly as hux wiggles his ass in the air, practically begging for it. harderfasterfuckmekyloPLEASE . hux makes little high-pitched noises everytime kylo slams into him, kissing his pet's neck. hux is drowning under him and he cries out through the gag as kylo pumps his cock once - twice - three times— hux lets out a breathy cry as he comes, distantly registering ren biting on his shoulder. his vision spots and his legs shake as kylo grunts, letting the redhead flop into the sheets before pulling out and turning him over. he looks at hux's flushed face, teary eyes, lovebitten body, his teeth clenched around the gag. "beautiful." kylo whispers reverently. "good boy." Notes: hux is a sub if u don't think so then u don't know him! this is kind of short and crap but i just wanted to write kylux porn lol. after this i'm gonna post my college au! exciting times ahead :o) as always, you can find me on tumblr @ phamsa! drop me a line if you want any requests :*