Kylo who? Resistance Entertainment Headquarters She could feel the agony of every increasing minute pass as she waited for the eventual entry of her boss. Rey, after the recent success over her article Padmé Amidala, A Journey into her Life detailing the iconic rise to fame and lasting legacy in the fashion industry, had received some well-earned downtime. However, business in The Resistance Entertainment Inc. never slowed down, meaning her boss, Chief Editor Poe Dameron, would be making his dramatic entrance any minute now. She drummed her slender fingers against the glass tabletop of her desk, almost impatient that he hadn’t arrived yet. She had worked here TRE for almost four years now. She has written her fair share of articles, bad and good, and in all this time she had come to expect certain things from Dameron. That man had a flair for drama, claimed to have been this close to being cast in a scorsese film, but dropped out because he felt he’d be able to write a far better screenplay. Rey scoffed at the thought, inwardly of course. Indeed he was her boss and she had to answer to him but he never treated her as inferior. In fact, he was one of the first to give a fair shot and see past her inexperience to find value in her content. Thinking back, she probably owes him for all the times he has had to save her hide and cover for her fits of passion when dealing with her work, she was not a fan of being assigned article topics. She was the one to suggest recanting Padmé’s career, which at the time was rejected by the magazine's CEO Leia Organa. Poe stood up for her and put his own career on the line stating, “If there is anyone who could turn pile of cow dump into news, it’s this girl, give this a shot, Leia.” Well, he was damn right, she thought to herself smirking. She polished up Amidala rocky career and complicated personal life to type her as a fashion icon, splashing waves through the top tier fashion circles. At that moment the door to her little office opened rapidly, a scruffy man in his early thirties entered his arms held up and out, as if asking for a hug. “Rey, darling, it’s been forever!” he practically screamed and he rushed over to sitted Rey and pulled her into a quick, tight hug. “I only took a week off,” she protested returning his friendly hug reluctantly. “You’d think with all the hype over the article, I’d have a bit more time for myself.” “Honey, you know how this business works, the minute starlights like you stop working someone else scrambles for the spotlight.” He states smiling broadly as he leans on her desk. He crosses his arms and gets down to business, “Well, love I hope your time off was relaxing ‘cause this next one’s a doozy.” Rey sighed and turned to face him, twisting her chair as it made a little poot sound, causing the older man to giggle. She narrowed her eyes asked, “So I’m being assigned an article now? What happened to being accomplished and having choices?” “Rey, baby doll, it’s outta-my hands. This one’s from the big boss, Organa herself,” He spoke putting his hands up in defense as Rey responded by rolling her eyes. He continued, “She wants you to personally shadow and detail the life and accomplishments of Kylo Ren.” “Kylo who?” First Order Productions “Just one more take Ren, then we’ll call it a wrap,” announced Director Hux, “Oh and this time please pretend to have a soul behind your smile.” It took quite a bit of restraint on Kylo ren’s part to simply nod and get into character. He closed his eyes for the briefest moment and recanted his lines. The scene was rather simple, his character Benjamin West was meeting with his client and had to dispense some rather snarky legal advice. He straighten his sleeves and began to pace the movie set-turned-conference room. Since the actor playing his client could not be here for scheduling reasons, he would be acting out only his lines. He put both his hands behind his back and put on his mask. He recited his lines perfectly, correct emphasis and natural disposition. Even his forced smile seemed genuine and his boss, Director Hux had no complaints. “Alright and that’s a wrap,” Hux stated and strode off set as numerous employees rushed forth to put away props and tidy the room. Kylo ren jumped out of West’s body but didn’t stop acting. He quickly and quietly marched to his dressing room. As soon as the door closed behind him, he rushed to remove the suffocating tie. He had barely finished removing his cuff links when someone knocked on his door. A light yet firm voice spoke, “Kylo Ren hope your decent because I’m coming in.” He rolled his eyes at his, figuratively obviously. In came his producer Phasma closely followed by his favorite person, Hux. “Well Ladies, what do I owe this gracious visit,” Kylo quipped keeping his stoic mask plastered on. “Cut the crap Ren. We have some news or well she does,” Hux gestured at Phasma, who stood with perfect posture, almost dwarfing the both of them. “As Director Hux has stated, I have some news for you Kylo Ren,” She informed. “A very acclaimed journalist Rey-,” She paused and looked down at her clipboard, “hmm no last name. Very well just Rey will be shadowing you-” “What!” Ren practically shouted, “This is unprecedented. I never agreed to this-” “No, you didn’t,” Hux interjected, “But our mutual boss, Executive Director Snoke has requested that get some more positive PR.” Kylo Ren opened his mouth but then quickly closed it. He didn’t give a damn what Hux wanted of him but this came directly from the horse’s mouth. If Snoke has issued this, then he has no choice but to comply. Besides, Snoke’s guidance has gotten him this far, this must be for the greater good, he reasoned. “Fine, tell me the details,” He finally concided, crossing his arms to glare at both of them. Unfazed, Phasma continued, “Well, she has been contracted to shadow you in and outside of work for a period of 6 months. This way she will have a better grasp at how to spin this article and you can, hopefully, build up a better PR with the public.” Kylo clenched his arm tightly and retorted, “Some hotshot journalist will be following me around like some crazy stalker for six months, even when I’m not working.” “Technically, as an actor you are always working. The public needs to receive you well if this show is going get any attention,” Phasma conjectured. He sighed and simply stared at the both of them. Phasma stood, unmoving waiting for his response. Hux, as always, was just annoyed to even be there. He gave a quick nod that seemed to signal agreement. Hux was out the door by the time Ren had given his consent and Phasma began to do the same. “When is she coming?” He asked, his voice wavering slightly. “Tomorrow,” was all Phasma gave him as she shut the door to his dressing room behind her. Chapter 2 : It's Only Uphill From Here Summary: Rey is a brilliant journalist who made herself known in the literary circles after publishing a long article on the life and accomplishements of fashion icon Padmè Amidala. Now her boss wants her to write a piece about her grandson, actor Kylo Ren, whose real name is Ben Solo. She has to follow him on his daily life for six months, to observe him and gather material. Rey isn’t all that thrilled at the idea: Ren’s reputation is that of an extremely cold and misanthropic person, and his fits of rage are well known. When their time is over, Rey and Ben - she refuses to call him Kylo - are much more close. Will Rey ignore their connection and exploit Ben’s issues and terrible relationship with his parents to write her article? If so, will Ben forgive her? More importantly, will she forgive herself? Notes: Here it is, part two of my obsession. So this one is long, hopefully all of the future chapters will be around this length. Let me know if you want them longer or shorter. This series is turning out to be more chapters than I'd originally planned. Enjoy^^ any questions? https://wordsoffblankpages.tumblr.com/ (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rain pattered quickly and sombrely on the canopy, that covered Rey. She stood waiting patiently on the presently empty sidewalk, for her taxi. The original plan was to walk to her destination but a certain someone had qualms about the idea. So there she stayed outside Jakku Towers , her home these past four years. The Building wasn’t very impressive; it had only thirteen floors, with mostly small, characterless rooms. Rey had managed to land a decent sized suite with the help of an old friend. The rent alone would have put her without enough to eat. Thankfully, she found a roommate that eased her burdens. It was at the request of this roommate that she remained here instead of trudging through New York’s unforgiving rain. Rey sighed to herself and checked the time on her phone. Her taxi was supposed to be here about five minutes ago, if this keeps up she’ll be late. Suddenly she feels a hand on her shoulder and a voice speaks, “Still here, kid?” A man in his late sixties wearing a leather jacket was beside her. “Yeah, Mr. Solo. My taxi seems to be running a little,” She gives him a little smile. “You’re gonna walk Chewie in this rain?” “I’m old, not crazy, Rey,” He states rolling his eyes. “Chewie was getting antsy in the apartment, thought I’d give him some air.” The dog in question, as if replying to Solo’s comment, give a low pitched bark. He was aging tibetan mastiff mix (half Tibetan Mastiff, quarter German Shepherd, eighth Chocolate Lab, and 1/16th Lhasa Apso + Brussels Griffon.) As far as Rey knows they had been together as long as they lived in the apartment across from her, which coincidentally was a little longer than she did. Though he would never say it out loud, Han solo had taking a shining to the little underdog Rey. She could be quiet and cold but at same time she was strong and loyal to a fault. She reminded him of an old friend. “Well, if you wait any longer you are definitely gonna be late,” he said giving Chewie a little pat on the head. “I haven’t driven the falcon in awhile, let me give you a lift,” he offered. Rey looked side to side, pretending to consider the idea. “Sure, only if I get shotgun with Chewie,” She replied grinning. Han rolled his eyes, “Alright then, come along.” She is just like him, he thought sadly, reminded of better days. The Millennium Falcon or just Falcon as Rey referred to her was an old rat rod van. She was busted with scrapes and dents covering her body. Solo had tried fixing her up over the years but over no one had parts for the poor thing. He had managed to clean her up and give her a decent paint job. Her engine was surprisingly still intact. It was a miracle that at this point she still ran. According to the old man, she was family heirloom, passed down from one bad driver to his even worse son. Han pat her chasey lovingly and proceeded to climb into the driver seat. Settled in, Rey hugged chewie as he yipped cheerfully. It took a few moments for the old girl to warm up and start. She sputtered and spoke, before finally evening out to a dull, gentle roar. Han revved her engines before racing out of the parking garage and out onto the streets. The ride was actually but smooth. The falcon had been through a lot and unfortunately no amount of work could make the poor old thing run smoother. The cab shook uncontrollably, not so much that Rey’s head hit the ceiling but enough to cause a general feeling of giddiness in her stomach. Naturally the roar of the engine, prevented any real conservation and both driver and passenger were happy with this agreement. Rey took this time to review the research she had collected on her subject, the elusive Kylo Ren. Shifting chewie over closer to the car window, so he could poke his little head out, Rey shuffled her files around and began to review the few articles written about him. Han turned her head in her direction, curiously. “Do you ever just take a break?” he asked jokingly. Without looking up from her notes, she replied, “I gotta make a living and besides just got off a week long break.” He laughed, “Not many people out there that are that dedicated.” She left out a small smile. Not too accustomed to complement, Rey knew to cherish the few she did get, “Thanks, old man.” “Just don’t let it get to your head, kid,” he snorted as the falcon pulled up to her destination. “Well, we are here.” he said as Rey begin to pack up her things into her bag, “You need a ride back?” Rey gave Chewie a parting pat and replied, “Nope, they should have everything covered. Thank you again.” “Don’t even mention it kid,” he spoke, giving her a parting smile as she closed the passenger door and watched him speed away. Bags in hand, she turned to take in the building that would most likely be her home for the next six months. It stood erect, foreboding and imposing, the top floor converging into sharp points that grasped the sky. Feeling like an idiot for standing out here and just admiring the oddly pleasing symmetric geometry, Rey rushed in through automatic sliding doors. Similar to the outside, the interior reception area of the ground floor was cold, sleek and modern, complete with industrial steel beams across the ceiling. Rey walked up to the receptionist, the only person in the expansive room. She gave Rey an indifferent sweep and then continued about her business. Rey gulped and confidently spoke, “Hi, I’m here on behalf of The Resistance--” “What’s your name?” She harshly cuts Rey off, rapidly typing away at her computer. “I’m Rey from--” “Floor 26, Ms. Phasma should be receiving you, here is a key to the suite. It’s room 13 on that floor.” With that she handed Rey a key, pointed to the elevator and then returned to her work. A Little unnerved but still determined, Rey proceeded to the elevator. It hummed as she began her ascent. She took this opportunity to finish her review of Kylo Ren’s career. From what she was able to gather, he is generally respected as an good actor and has earned his fame. He has acted in a great number of roles from a despicable villain in movies to the unlikely protagonists in a number of tv serials. Funny thing is that the media doesn’t really talk about him, at least not about his personal life unlike his co stars. there are plenty of rumours circulating the entertainment scene that he throws tantrums, destroys property, is cold, arrogant and overall misanthropic. His real name isn’t even known; Rey had only managed to weasel his first name from Phasma, Ben. Apart from this, she did manage to find an old interview from one of his first big breaks. The Kylo back then seemed different of how everyone else today described him. He was humble, respectful almost gentle; he spoke very passionately about his grandmother, none other than Padmé Amidala. She snorted and thought, Organa has a weird sense of humor. Maybe her extensive knowledge of Amidala will help get through to him. Maybe. The elevator finally reaches the correct floor and the doors open just as Rey finishes putting away her notes. The door opens to a small waiting room with a couch and a few chairs that opens to a hallway with a couple sets of doors on either side. Rey’s eyes immediately find a seated Phasma before her. She stood up at the sight of Rey and extended a hand forward for a handshake. She stood almost a foot taller than Rey, even thought she was wearing flats and Rey had on her heeled boots. Phasma had short blonde hair that only accented her height and steel blue eyes. “It’s nice to finally meet you Miss Rey.” She spoke with her silvery voice as they shook hands. Rey had told her several times over the phone to just call her Rey, that it wasn’t a surname. But she’ll just have to roll with it, “Same here, you’re much taller than I’d imagined. Phasma laughed in return, “So I’ve been told. I’ve sure you’ve been given a key to suite. I’ve personally prepared the guest bedroom, though you will have share a bathroom.” They began walking over to room 13, “Unfortunately Ren was called away to handle an early morning shoot. So he was unable to personally receive you.” Rey was almost relieved to hear this, not that she was nervous or anything. This assignment was going to take some adjustment, “Yes, very unfortunate. Um?” “Yes?” “So am I allowed leave to go home certain days or is my shadowing a strict thing?” Again, Phasma laughed, “Of course you’re allowed to leave. The contract is very flexible, as long as you get material to write about when you follow around Ren. then you may come and go as you please. Though it is preferable if you spend as much time as possible with him, especially during filming.” “Of course, makes sense.” They had arrived at the door that lead to the apartment and Phasma used Rey’s key to unlock the door. The pair step into a very modern, open concept apartment. Rey took minute to get used to set up, the living room was at the center of the apartment with a decent sized kitchen to her right and a small hallway that presumably led to their rooms. One of the walls that the living room opened up to was a giant window with a view of the city below. Rain still splattered over the immaculate plane. “Well, here we are. Is that bag all you’ve brought?” Phasma asked gesturing to the duffle bag on Rey’s shoulder. “Yep, don’t need much,” Rey responded. “Alright, well, I’ll leave you to settle in. Ren should be coming back from his shoot around lunchtime. Oh! and before I go here’s a list of Ren’s schedule and contact information. You should already have my number, so if any questions arise.” “Of course, thanks Phasma,” Rey replied and Phasma returned with what Rey thought was a ghost of smile before she left the room. Rey lugged her bags into door nearest the bathroom that Phasma had designated as her own. The room was very much like the rest of the apartment, mostly bare except for one large window, a twin sized bed, a desk and half full bookshelf. Rey set down her duffle bag on the bed and took in the view from her window, cars stood stifled in traffic, pedestrians strutted to and fro on the sidewalks, life kept moving, all expect for her. She closed her eyes for moment allowing nothing but the soothing sound of rain to comfort her. Then went to work setting up her room, her small set of clothes were hanged and her laptop and other work-related materials were meticulously arranged on the desk. She had a feeling they’d be best friends. Unsure of what to do with herself, Rey sat on her bed and watched the rain distort her reflection on the window. All that was left is to wait for Kylo -No, Ben- to arrive, which according to the clock on the bedside table would be any minute now. Notes: For those that want to know~ Here's what Solo's car looks like: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/H3k_B1dRFD0/maxresdefault.jpg Here's what Chewie looks like: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a4/7a/d1/a47ad12535adf2b44712afca2c30e621.jpg and yes, Phasma has a low key woman crush on Rey! Chapter 3 : First Impressions To say Kylo Ren had had a bad morning would be a complete and utter understatement. If he so desired, he might have discussed his plethora of misfortunes at great length. Instead, he pushed the close doors button for the building elevator and let his aching head lie on the cool metal of the elevator walls. The pain dulled but was not dispelled as he could finally think clearly. He directed his jumbled monologue to unravel the issue of his current project, Star Killer . The show was, well, poor written, extremely cheesy and the actors were sub-par to put it kindly. He could understand the studio’s decision to cut funding for another season and end it off here. Not mention, the poor reviews received from critics. Hell, even the studio from which that stupid reporter had come from had tore down the production. In all honesty, Ren was glad to wrap up the shooting for the remaining episodes and lay this project to rest. The only problem was that with Star Killer in the dumps, he had nothing to work on for another two months. Back in the old days, this would have meant trouble with the bills, but now that he was established and prepared for such situations, there was no need. It was the challenge of occupying himself till the next production. He sighed lightly beating his head on the wall, painfully aware of the dull thuds he was producing. Looking for a distraction, his thoughts turned to that mysterious journalist, this Rey. Just who is she? He had not heard or read anything by her before; then again he wasn’t much for reading the news. Also, why no surname? Surely even if the poor girl were an orphan, she would have eventually adopted some foster-name. Another thing, why was she writing about him? From what he gathered from Phasma's droning, she was the one who reached out to them and offered this arrangement. He prided himself on being a well-known and respected actor but he avoided media attention like the plague. How did some entertainment reporter even come to the conclusion that the public would be interested in an article about HIM ? Then he remembered something, Amidala . This girl was the one who had written that excessively discussed piece on his grandmother. His mind clicked, So, she thinks she’s an expert. Interrupting his musings, the elevator dinged loudly as he had arrived at his destination. He stepped out and quickly strided to that door that led to his apartment. The door was simple, with only the number 13 in gold nailed to its surface. He put his key in the lock and found the door was already unlocked. He entered the suite and found it to be as pristine as he left it. The only thing he found amiss was the unidentifiable figure sitting on his couch. Rey had curled up into the couch in the main room. She currently had fixed her attention on the massive window, as the pattering of rain soothed her nerves. She couldn’t explain why she felt so nervous. Perhaps, the reality of the situation had hit, she really was going to spend the next six months with a complete stranger. Perhaps, she felt homesick, knowing that she probably won’t get to the sleep in her own bed or get the wake to smell of Finn’s cooking. Perhaps, she was just tired of the waiting. Whatever it was, it dissipated rather quickly as the sound of a key in the door lock, roused her out of her contemplative state. She quickly changed her position, from being curled into a little ball feet tucked into her frame to sitting upright hands crossed in her lap. She mentally prepared herself, introduction and mannerisms set. What she didn’t expect was the way he would act. Anger, and worse of all, it had an unidentifiable origin. It took a minute but he recognized her plain face from the photos Phasma had provided. All he could think was that a stranger had invaded the sanctity of his home. The creature spoke up after shrinking in her hard, accusatory gaze for a moment, “My name is--” “I already know who you are,” he interrupted, with a cold and mechanical tone. “Why are you are?” Rey was left a little flustered and unsure of herself as the man in question came in and destroyed her little apostrophe. “I was told to come here and bring my things,” She said gesturing in the direction of the hallway that leads to their receptive rooms. “And who told you that?” “Phasma.” She spoke with a hardness to nearly match his own, confidence rising as the initial scare faded away. “Phasma?” At last an emotion appeared, surprise. “She was the one to let me in here and set up my room and etc.” “Ah,” He spoke; the h trailed off and faded to silence. He gave her a quick nod and launched into an interrogation, “So this is to proceed for six months?” “Yes.” “And you are to stay in my home for that entire time?’ “Yes, well almost. I will not be at your side 24/7.” She lightly chuckled, hoping to ease the tension in the air. Her efforts resulted in more painful silence, “There will be times and situations in which I will need to go to my office or home. But for the most part, yes I will be here or work or wherever you are.” “Hmm…” He moved over to the kitchen counter and set down his things. Initial shock of the situation worn off, Rey took a moment to examine him. He was tall, much taller than what pictures online suggested. He had mottled pale, almost translucent skin. His hair was raven black, with long; dare she say luscious locks that framed his face quite nicely. His face was like the pictures had depicted. It was the face of man with a hint of childish youth that refused to loosen its grip upon his countenance. The thing that she and apparently many others gravitated towards, his nose, it was rather large and dominated his features. Oddly enough, she found its presence charming. At last she found his eyes and as cliché as it sounded she really did get lost in them. Though she knew they must be dark brown, she couldn’t help but feel they were black, an endless void, and windows’ to a soulless host. Normally, she could piece together the disposition of person from the lines that snaked through their irises. With him, she felt if an opaque veil had taken ahold of his pupils and prevented her from understanding him. So not at all what he had anticipated, the girl was decent; he thought quietly. She was perhaps a bit shaky but surprisingly polite. Yet, the desire to anger her persisted. “Are you going to just sit and stare?” he quipped, removing his coat. The girl or Rey, simply shrugged and gave him an unreadable look for a moment, before rising and walking into what he assumed what was going to be her room. He couldn’t help himself but stare at her form as she walked away. For a reporter, she the physique of an athlete; tanned skin, defined muscles, and strength in her gait. Rey let out a sigh of relief as the door closed behind her. All she could think about was how his voice bounced off the walls and his eyes seemed to simultaneously be empty and inviting. She shook her head and told herself to concentrate: she was here to work. Remember what Professor Luke had said, when observing your subject, there is no emotion, only peace . She repeated his mantra over and over. While it dispelled the quickness of her heartbeat, a dull indistinguishable urge took its place. Rey decided to interpret this as hate, unbridled hate for the subject of her next article. Great , she thought, another actor whose balls I want to rip off, why am I here again? She let out a frustrated grunt, before pulling out her laptop and distracting herself with emails and edits. Time passed rather slowly, Rey had gone through all her missed work and actually made some progress on the edits Dameron had requested. It took her two hours of meandering around to cave in and pull out her tape recorder. Like any other writer, she thought better and consequently wrote better when she spoke her thoughts aloud. Her tape recorder was old and held together by literally scraps of duck tape. She couldn’t explain why but the ancient thing was precious to her. It went with her everywhere and heard things that she had never told anyone else before. She was conscious that her housemate was just in the other room, but the walls looked thick and she had quiet voice. After clicking record, she began: “Day 1, Sept 12, 201X. Time is 9:59 p.m. I have be to a little quiet, so as to not disturb my lovely flatmate. So this is day one, first face-to-face meeting with Phasma, First Order’s top Producer/agent; honestly she does like everything around here. She was surprisingly nice and also really tall, but then again, compared to me, most people are. I got settled in this morning, it’s a pretty nice place, beats mine and finn’s little closet but it's so...empty, bare, almost lonely. The owner of this Flat is my ‘subject’, the infamous Kylo Ren. We meet for the first time, today. So far, the rumors were a little exaggerated. He wasn’t overly rude or pissed. Mostly just mildly inconvenienced by my presence, which I guess most people are. He looked just like what the pictures had suggested. His eyes were strange, though. It’s as if he masked them from the world. I can’t get a single clear reading from them. He was definitely arrogant, that just comes with the actor package. To be completely honest, I felt like decking him in the face. Oh well, maybe after I’m done with the article I’ll give it to him as a going-away present. “ A sigh could be heard on the recording; it was long and heavy. “So this article, if I am gonna go about it the same way I did for Amidala, then I need to break him down; personal, professional and private life. The easiest one to start with is, of course, business. From what’s been made public. This guy grew up in New York, went to Juilliard, after serving three years in the marines, was recruited by First Order Productions and has starred in their shows ever since, has been contracted out to do some Oscar-nominated pictures. He is definitely no joke.” A shuffling of papers is heard. “ According to Phasma’s itinerary, which is insanely detailed by the way, I’m to go to the set of one of his current projects, Blue Harvest . It’s some kind of horror movie? Huh, some guy called, Mr. I-don’t-have-a-first-name Hux, directs it. Apparently, he has directed literally of Kylo’s stuff. If I need to delve into Ren’s personal life, here’s my potential in. I guess? Okay, end of Day 1, now onto Day 2.” The buzz on the set of Blue Harvest was almost deafening. It certainly, didn’t help that she had the worst dream last night. The back of her neck was drenched in sweat as she rose up from the bed gasping. Her dream or rather nightmare, was the same one as usual; bright lights, someone screaming her name and the smell of flames. A shiver crawled up her spine, as she fought desperately to look less nervous than she felt alone in the corner. Kylo Ren had accompanied her silently to the studio and then promptly deserted her to go to his dressing room. Unfortunately for her, Phasma was not here yet. So, little old Rey did what she does best and hid in a corner and awkwardly played on her phone. Not the classiest of moves, but she was surrounded by strangers and had absolutely no clue what to do. “And what is this?” a voice to her left practically shouted, “All techs are need on the set, no loitering!” A man, about the same height as her, with bright orange hair and cold, accusatory eyes, stood before her, glaring her out of existence. “Um, I’m not-” “I don’t care for excuses! This is unacceptable. You’re superiors will hear about this.” He admonished, narrowing his eyes at her. Rey was about to interjected and plead her case, when another voice sounded from her right and she felt a hand land on her shoulder, “Calm down, Hux. She’s with me.” Rey turned her head and there was Kylo Ren, decked out in some sort of cape costume. Hux scoffed and responded, “You brought one of your whores to the set, completely unprofessional.” “Hey! I’m not--” Rey was cut off by Kylo. “One, what I do with my life is none of your business and two, she isn’t a-- well, she could be? But she’s the reporter you all were so insistent about.” Rey didn’t know whether to thank the man or strangle him. Thankfully, she didn’t have to make the choice as Hux looked down at his watch, “You’re on in five.” Hux looked her sharply, “Get her squared away, Kylo. I don’t want her wasting space or time.” The man proceeded to walk away. Rey was honestly flabbergasted. This director was honestly something and Kylo Ren did her no favors. She was about to give him a piece of her mind, when he spoke up harshly, “sit over there in my chair, be quiet and take notes.” He then completely ignored her and headed onto the set. While, her instinct was to completely go against his “orders”, her rational side talked her into quietly sitting in his chair. Interns and set managers zoomed all around her, hurrying to get every detail ready for the shooting. Eventually, everything fell into place and the actors gathered onto the set, lights dimmed and the director yelled his lovely “action” Chapter 4 : I Don't Do That! Summary: Rey is a brilliant journalist who made herself known in the literary circles after publishing a long article on the life and accomplishements of fashion icon Padmè Amidala. Now her boss wants her to write a piece about her grandson, actor Kylo Ren, whose real name is Ben Solo. She has to follow him on his daily life for six months, to observe him and gather material. Rey isn’t all that thrilled at the idea: Ren’s reputation is that of an extremely cold and misanthropic person, and his fits of rage are well known. When their time is over, Rey and Ben - she refuses to call him Kylo - are much more close. Will Rey ignore their connection and exploit Ben’s issues and terrible relationship with his parents to write her article? If so, will Ben forgive her? More importantly, will she forgive herself? Notes: So here it is! I'm gonna try to keep updates on Wednesdays and Sunday night/Monday mornings. Also our babies are meeting! finally, right? Well let me know how you guys like how Kylo is, this is my first time writing him so any criticism would be appreciated^^ Ever since she was little and her foster mom snuck her into the local cinema, Rey developed a love for movies. She obsessed over stories and the cinematography that seamed together the magic of movies so effortlessly. She worshipped the vision of Kubrick, the acting finesse of Wayne, and the incredible worlds of Scorsese. In fact, she chose an English major to eventually become a screenwriter. Her “parents” soon brought her back down to earth and convinced her to pursue journalism. Instead of creating the art she adored, Rey wrote about it. Luckily, her cynic nature made her great at tearing down her idols and giving out shallow praise. As she sat in that in little chair, scribbling random thoughts down as the production geared slowly into a start, Rey felt that same enthusiasm that brought her here. She felt same pull as the lights dimmed, the set quieted down and the act began. It was as if she was watching it happen on the big screen; the actor’s movements, the mood of the scene, the intensity that held the room’s almost eternal silence. What really impressed her was Kylo Ren, who took center stage and brought the collective details together. He was a different person, altogether from the jerk that abandoned her this morning. He was emotional, angry, passionate, so...human. Rey could why he was so acclaimed, the man excelled at his craft. Rey tried to take in as much as she could, noting the how controlled, yet natural he made his movements, how fluid and refined his speech was, how murky the line between the actor and his character became. All in all. She definitely had quite a bit of material to discuss. She, also, noted how the director seemed both extremely pleased; yet frustrated with Kylo’s performance. The scene concluded and the actor took their breather while the rest of team began prep for the next sequence of shots. Kylo Ren walked over to Rey, who was concentrating on her notes, intensely scribbling an slashing through the many thoughts that ran through her head. He cocked his head and cleared his throat rather loudly. Without looking up from her work, Rey responded, “Do you need something?” “You’re in my seat,” He answered, rather harshly. “Oh what, does it have your name on it or something?” Rey said mockingly, then as if she had seen Ren raise his brow and prepare to open his mouth, added, “Never mind, I take it back. But still, you told me to sit in this very chair and not move. I’m only doing as you instructed and remaining in my assigned spot.” “I did,” he stated smirking, as the twinge of amusement hinged on the tips of his syllables, “however, that was during the shoot. We are currently on break, therefore I need my chair.” Rey stayed firmly planted in place, only looking up to give him a roll of her eyes. “If you do not get up, I will be forced to sit on you. Won’t that be pleasant?” he threatened. Though, she didn’t take him too seriously, Rey reluctantly gave up her seat and walked away. She registered that he called out her name, but chose to ignore it and catch some fresh air. The fresh air on the roof of the studio was rejuvenating, as Rey took her first deep breath of the day. Of course, she was disheartened that she would have to return to her “little prison” in a few minutes, but she let the buzz and chaos of the city transport her to serenity. Suddenly, her little moment was disrupted by the vibration of her phone. She let out a frustrated grunt and quickly pulled out her phone. One quick look at the caller ID and she answered it, “Finn?” “Rey, OMG! I fucked up big time. You are going to kill me, KILL ME!” shouted a frazzled and panicking Finn. Rey rolled her eyes and sighed loudly into the receiver as she prepared herself for whatever “problem” her roommate had gotten himself into. “Listen finn, Finn! LISTEN! You need to calm the frick down, let right now,” she screamed right back. Deep breathing and silence followed her words, “Ok, are you good? Calm? Tell me, again calmly, using your indoor voice, what in the hell happened?” She heard a rapid sigh followed by his, softer this time, voice, “Ok, so remember how you said that I’m in charge of caring for BB-8?” Rey’s mind starting leaping, her boss’s dog, BB-8. She could see where his line was leading to; he lost the little Pomeranian didn’t he? “Finn, did you let him run away?” “Listen, I didn’t mean to, I was grabbing water and I forgot that I wasn’t holding his leash and the door was open and I-I let...him go.” Rey let out a long sigh of disappointment and frustration, as her pinched the bridge of her nose. She could Finn pleading through the speaker, “Rey, I’m sorry. Rey?” “Finn. I could lose my job over this. Dameron trusted, trusted me to look after BB-8 while his apartment in under construction. Now, you’re telling me, he ran away and instead of scouring the city for him, you are on the phone with him. I don’t care what you do but you, and I meant it Finn, YOU need to find BB-8.” Before Finn could explain himself further, Rey terminated the call. She banged her forehead with her palm several times, trying to make peace with the possibility that she’ll have to explain to Dameron that she left, the love of his life, in the hands of someone else and that someone else let him run away. Jakku Towers On the other end of the line, Finn stood absolutely terrified for himself, BB-8 and Rey. In his defense, BB-8 and he didn't get along and Rey knew this. The little orange and white furred pom-pom had chewed his ass on more than one occasion. He threw his phone down in both fear and frustration after Rey abruptly ended the call. He knew what he had to do and was crossing his fingers in the hope it would work. He grabbed a bag of dog treats and raced down the stairs. The streets were crowded as tourists and city residents clamored to have their lunch. Finn was in shambles as he practically shoved every individual on his quest to find the elusive fur ball. He called out his name repeated, shaking the bag of treats. Finn was beginning to lose hope as he had made it down almost three blocks and encountered no sign of the dog. His shoulders slumped down as he wondered how to break the news to Rey, until his ears picked up the little pom’s signature bark. Finn scanned the crowd and his eyes fell upon the little rascal at some stranger’s feet. He rushed over to the him, knocking over a cyclist in the process, “BB! Oh my lord, you had me so worried. Thank god I found you.” Finn reached down to pick up the pup, but as soon as his hand neared him, BB took a good hard bite. He recoiled in anger and pain, exclaiming a few slurs. The stranger whose legs the dog continue to paw at, simply laughed at the display and so effortlessly picked up the pom. “He isn't very fond of you, is he?” the man joked as his grin seemed to mesmerize Finn, who stood flabbergasted at the comfort with which the individual regarded BB-8. “How did you do that?” “Do what?” “Do that!” Finn gestured, cradling an invisible dog. “Well, BB loves being held, little fizzball.” “Um, thank you for...catching him,” Finn choked out, slightly embarrassed. “Rey, uh my roommate, was going to tear off my head, If I had lost the little guy.” “Oh I believe you, I probably would have chewed off hers, considering I’m his owner.” Poe smirked. Finn mouth fell open several feet, “You're THE Poe Dameron?” “I suppose I am, you’re Finn, I’m assuming?” Poe chuckled, extending one free hand to the surprised man. Finn immediately took it and shook it firmly, “How did you know my name? Wait did Rey tell you about me?” Titling his head to the side, quizzically. “Something like that, did your foot ever heal?” “Oh she told you that story, uh yeah. Not one of my finest moments.” “Oh really? Are there more of these?” As Finn stood, sweaty and stunned, he realized that Rey’s boss was flirting, with him. He wasn’t going to lie to himself, Finn found the man very attractive, from the sly crooked smirk to his ironically hipster letterman he was wearing. “Maybe, would you care to find out over lunch?” Finn asked as confidently as he could muster, taking a chance. The ends of poe’s mouth turned upwards, as his eyes twinkled in response. First Order Productions Rey continued her nervous pacing, clutching onto her phone for dear life. She was desperately awaiting Finn’s phone call. While she had given him an ultimatum, forgiveness would come to him. For her, maybe not so much. All she could think about was Poe’s enraged face, the accusations, the tears and worst of all the pink slip. Forward 5 steps, about turn, forward 5 steps, repeat. She stayed this way for what she thought was ten minutes. “Finn, you fucker, pick up,” she growled in the receiver of her cell phone, as her fifth call went unanswered. Two floors below, Kylo Ren was finishing up his last scene of the day. While, he wouldn’t care to admit it, today’s set really tired him out, well that and having to babysit his new “sidekick”. He was worried, how his work would be affected by her presence and was pleased to find that she would actually listen to his orders. Hux’s little hiccup was undoubtedly annoying, but Ren decided he had handled it well. He went straight into his dressing room and sat statuesque as the makeup team did their work. The whole while, the man was wondering about the reporter in question, he had expected her to come pester him as soon as the shoot had ended and yet, she was nowhere to be seen. After, the makeup department had finished their business, he strode his way to the chair he had told her to stay put in. Lo and behold, the frustrating girl was nowhere to be seen. His eyes scanned the room, looking for her small frame among the crowd of people on set. He gestured to a young woman walking by, “You!” She pointed to herself and looked side-to-side in fear. Kylo rolled his eyes, “yes, you. There was a woman sitting here, brown hair, brown eyes, about this tall, she doesn’t shut up,” he paused when he saw recognition in her eyes, as she nodded quickly. “She had to take a call, I think she went up to the roof--” Kylo didn’t stay to hear her finish her sentence as he practically ran up to the roof. He found what or who he was looking for. The girl in question was walking from one end of the roof to other, speaking rather loudly into her phone. He grunted, to get her attention. When he found that she continued, he spoke, “Rey--” She had stopped her pacing and raised one finger up to silence him, giving him a look of annoyance. “Look, I don’t care about excuses. I was worried sick--No, I wasn’t busy, I was waiting for your call--Well was I supposed to hop right back onto work wondering if you had caught the little bugger--Well I’m happy for you, but wait what! -- Poe Dameron, as in my fucking boss--Finn! You can’t just--look, you know what I don’t care, as long he isn’t going to fire me--Finn, just hear me out before you go crazy. Poe isn’t Mr. take-home-to-your-mom, just be careful, ok-- Look I got to go, Mr. Grumpy is requesting an audience--Also, don’t be that careless again, ok--bye!” Rey spoke into her phone, as Finn, finally relayed to her this morning’s events. She was relieved that BB-8 was safe, a little less relieved that Poe Dameron had been the one to find him. Finn going out on a little date with Poe was concerning to say the least but, Rey couldn’t control her friend. She'd let him experiment with Dameron, but she knew Poe was serious about these kinds of things. She let out a sigh and ended the call, before turning to face Kylo Ren, who stood as usual, pissed off. Pissed off was right, no one had ever managed to silence him like she did. Kylo was seething as he waited impatiently, as she finished her phone call. As he stood there, he wondered why he let her do that. Why didn’t he tell her to stuff it and end the call? Crossing his arms over his chest, he tapped his foot rapidly as she finally ended the call. “Finished?” “Yes, now what do you need?” she huffed, mirroring his movements. “The shoot is over, we need to leave.” Rey nodded; taking note of how abrasive he was, before responding, “Let me grab my things.” Kylo opened the door to their apartment and let Rey enter the room first. The car ride over here was rather silent, as neither had anything really to say to one another. Rey was still steaming over Finn’s slip up. Kylo was trying to decide how to spend the next few months. She’d follow him, no matter what he did and at this point, they wouldn’t be filming for at least another month. That means weeks with this girl, a headache formed just by thinking about it. He flipped on the lights as Rey hopped onto the couch, “So.” “So, what?” “Did you enjoy your time, today?” “Are you asking that because you're genuinely curious or is this small talk?” “I’m expecting an answer all the same” Rey laughed, “Was a that joke?” “Would it be that hard to imagine that I could joke?” He raised a brow. “Perhaps, you know I was warned you were a great actor, but I didn’t think you’d be a decent one.” It was Ren’s turn to let out chuckle, “You’re a journalist, right? Not a comedian.” “To answer your original question, yes I did. Your director is a bit of a character. But overall it was nice to see everything come together. “ He hummed in response, as he went through the kitchen grabbing a bottle of wine and a glass, “Do you want some?” Rey shook her head, “No, I should probably go and get some work done.” She stopped in middle of the hallway to her room, before turning around and asking, “What are we doing tomorrow?” Ren tilted his head thoughtfully, good question, he thought. Phasma and Hux were always pushing him to attend their little meetings, perhaps he could take her there, and it’ll keep her busy for a while. “We going to have lunch with my producer and director, after that, you can do as you please,” he told her, before filling his glass and walking into his room. Rey shrugged her shoulders, not phased by his change of tone from semi-normal to curt. She just hopped her next interaction with his director went better than today. Chapter 5 : Finding Common Ground Summary: Kylo and Rey attend a First Order Business meeting. Phasma and Hux set the stage for Kylo's new project, involving journalism? Business concluded out pair go for a little walk and finally find some common ground. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Early morning dew collected and coagulated into progressively larger and larger drops as they made their inevitable descent off the dull copper red canopy that sat overhead the Nima Cafe. Below this very canopy sat a pristine table, occupied by one sole being, a man in his late twenties, dressed professionally, yet with an aura of causality. Perfect posture that one could measure with a protractor, knees bent at ninety degrees, connected to a well-maintained torso, the young director settled his hands on his upper thighs, drumming them along to some silent tune. Hux was the first to arrive that morning, ten minutes early, of course. Punctuality was close to godliness or so the saying goes, he supposed. His seat faced the sidewalk as he simply waited and watched for the tall frame, who normally occupied the seat across from him. The table was set for four guests, but Hux had an inkling that their actor “extraordinaire” and his “reporter” would bail on the pair. A waiter appeared from the entrance to the cafe, bearing a large tray of tea. The man promptly placed Hux’s earl grey in front of him, and Phasma’s large iced tea in her normal spot. Waiting for Hux’s curt wave, the man returned to his hovel and Hux resumed his vigil while sipping on the piping hot beverage. Finally as the morning air seemed to grew ever so slightly warmer, the graceful, slim figure of his “right-hand” producer, Phasma, approached. The woman wore clothes of a similar variety to Hux, yet her appearance seemed to add color to the morning haze that settled on the streets. Pulling back her rosy red lips, the woman shined her pearly whites at her friend, “Good morning.” “Good morning.” Phasma hummed a little tune as she settled into her seat, reaching out for her glass, staring curiously at the two empty table placements. “It’s going to be nice to have some fresh company, this morning.” Hux made of small sound of mild agreement as he took another sip of his drink, “Do you think they’ll actually show?” A genuine question, though his mind had already chosen an answer. Phasma grinned into her cup as she saw the slight discontentment in the movements of her friend. It was clear to her, that Hux did not want the pair to show up, for reasons she did not want to fathom but knew about nonetheless. She sat down her cool glass, watching a drop of precipitation make its fall down the side of the pristine cup, leaving a clear path behind it. “Are you asking me if they are coming or if I want the pair to come? Because the answer is yes to both. You should know me better than that General ,” she quipped, ready to gauge his reaction. It was the one thing about Hux that not many understood. At a glance, he seemed stoic and stuck-up but truly his inability to hide his emotions was why he was behind the camera and not in front. Grateful for the slightly cool atmosphere, Hux coughed and look away, slightly embarrassed by Phasma’s use of his childhood nickname, “It was a serious question. Though I suppose my little hiccup set may have left the wrong impression.” “Wrong impression?” She practically snorted, “from what I heard from my team, the girl was ready to punch you.” “Rumors are not very reliable, you know.” “It was a primary source.” “Witnesses can have such fickle memories.” Phasma rolled her eyes, as she pulled out her trusty planner and stack of pertinent files. As much fun as it was to chat with Hux, they had come to discuss business. She glanced over to the two empty seats at her side and then her eyes flickered to Hux’s watch, which read ten minutes past the agreed upon meeting time. She took long sigh, inhaling the fresh morning air, as her cheerful expression began to recede back to her professional portrait. Just as she opened her mouth to proceed, a sleek, black Tesla pulled up to front of the cafe. Phasna felt her grin come back from the dead as she turned over to Hux and gave him a sideways smirk. Hux blinked his eyes for a moment, genuinely surprised that Kylo even bothered. After Phasma’s subtle gloating, he simply rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, settling into his usual displeased expression. Rey was the first to exit the car, not of her own volition of course. Her lovely companion had practically shoved her out the door. She let out a slight grunt as she tettered towards losing her balance but at the last moment steadied herself with the side of the car. Kylo made his, as per usual, grand entrance, slamming the car door behind him, donning a indifferent and empty expression. Straightening the wrinkles in his shirt, his hands returned to their vigil at his side. Without so much as even a slight glance to Rey, he proceeded to stride over to their seats. Rey began to roll her eyes and open her mouth, snarky admonishment ready to fire, then she remembered that she had promised to make him look good. Insulting him in front of his colleagues, probably not a good idea, she thought. The pair took their respective seats which, to Rey’s dismay, put her in between Hux and Ren, her two favorite people. Phasma gave her a warm smile from across the table. “Well, General,” she said, turning to the man in question as he simply glared in the general direction of the new arrivals, “What did I tell you? Seems my faith was not misplaced.” Hux simply huffed and turned his head to the side as the new arrivals ordered food. The waiter rushed in, laying out the group customary brunch, brusquely exchanging correspondence similar to pleasantries with the currently animated Phasma. Rey, for the most part, sat quietly in her seat savoring her food at a steady pace, focusing on an almost microscopic, cream-colored stain on the stark white table cloth. Kylo cleared his throat as the sharp sounds of forks scraping dishes had dominated the air around them. Alleviating the silence, he spoke, “So, shall we begin?” Phasma nodded, hurriedly chewing her bite of sandwich, “Well,” She swallowed, “we’ll start off with your current projects. Starkiller bombed.” Hux made a noise of disgust and rolled his eyes. “Right, we’ll just skip over the details on that one,” Phasma continued, noting her friend’s obvious disagreement, “it has come to my attention that your next two months are free. Which, if I know you, Kylo, that's a problem.” Kylo made a face to suggest the observation was obvious. Unnerved, Phasma went on, “I did my best but the only thing that the First Order has available at the moment is a small project, suggested by your favorite director.” “Yes, yes, another one of Hux’s indie films. I'll take anything at this point,” Kylo spoke, running his hand through his hair; the morning winds were merciless and even his appearance fell victim. Rey had her head tilted to the side, supported by her left hand, as her right hand tried and failed to take useful notes. It wasn't that she was bored by the exchange, she simply found her head was too focused on the small things around her. She heard the steady beat of Hux’s feet on the pavement, the glint of Phasma’s teeth in the bright, early morning sun, the faint but persistent scent of Kylo’s cologne, her senses were too engaged with the atmosphere to bother with the intricacies of the delicate yet potent conservation occurring right in front of her. This has always been her problem, her job required her to be uncomfortable for extended period times. It required her to purposely disable her skills, impede her instinct as a writer and focus on what she was told to do rather than experience the event in the way her mind saw fit. This imbalance had the result of making her look immature, unobservant and incompetent. These qualities were exactly what Kylo had assigned to her. He didn't spend every moment of his day examining others but he had spent enough time with the girl to notice her habits. Her normal temperament hovered over mildly disinterested and blatantly aloof. It infuriated him to no end. His presence at this “meeting” was, in part, for her to gather information, not daydream. As he brought his cup of coffee up to his lips, his hand reached off and flicked her left arm, lightly or rather what light and gentle was to him. Rey immediately turned to him, wearing her normal look of annoyance, mouth ready to berate him for his actions. But the actor had the upper hand, “I would have thought as a reporter your job would be to observe and take notes.” “Which is exactly what I’m doing, currently,” she huffed, sitting up straighter, crossing her arms over her chest, angling herself away from the man in question. A voice spoke up from across the table, “yes, yes, we know how hard it was for you, Kylo, to carve out precious time to do your job. If anything, the miracle of your appearance should be enough for our reporter to put on the front page.” For his comment, Hux received a prompt and enraged glare, which he ignored, “now can we get back to business?” Phasma who had been thoroughly amused with the trio’s exchange, returned to her monologue, “yes, well back to the project at hand, Hux and I have given it the codename Grey Light . It's basically a nonfiction about a journalism professor and the struggle to publicize the crimes of a prominent New York 50’s mob boss. You, Kylo, of course will be playing, Mr. Tiede, our cynical, experienced journalist who has taken up teaching to pay the bills. Thanks to the energy of one his unlikely students, he is roused to investigate the recent string of disappearances which lead him to the head of New York’s underground mob ring, putting him and his pupil in a host of danger.” Phasma looked up from her paper to examine Kylo’s expression, as per usual it resembled his mask of disinterest but tiny inflections, such as his eyes angled slightly upward, his nostrils subtly flared and mouth parted just a centimeter, were dead giveaways for Phasma. He was intrigued. His eyes flicked back and forth from his food to the outstretched script in front of him, as he pretended to consider the proposal. In his head, he had agreed a thousand times over. It was these sort of stories that had made Kylo want to act. He wasn't “in it” for money or fame; he was to tell stories, transport ordinary people, free them from the restricted confines of reality. To his side, Rey had thoughtfully cocked her head, right hand scrawling notes; it seems the film had piqued her interest as well. After a moment of crystal clear silence, the man gingery took the pamphlet in front of him, promptly proceeded to leaf through its contents. Eyes scanned the booklet, row by row dissecting his lines, Kylo found himself content with what he found. It was reminiscent of Hux’s earlier, more experimental work. The deep, complicated characterization and gritty plot line harked back to hux’s early foray into the literary world; it was clear to Kylo that the entire screenplay was Hux’s brainchild. Satisfied, he turned back to Phasma, who bore her all-knowing grin, “When do we start?” “Someone is eager,” she teased, “Well, we can’t just jump into filming. We have been given a small budget which I can make last, but at Hux’s request, you will need to spend some time shadowing a journalist figure.” Kylo cocked a brow, this was not what he had in mind. “A bit similar to how miss Rey is following you, we had hoped you would shadow a prominent journalism teacher and model your performance on him and his experiences.” Rey did not look up from her notes, but if she was distracted earlier, she was certainly paying attention now. His expression did not change, “I see.” A loud sigh, followed by, “and when does this “shadowing” begin?” “Well, as soon as possible, the first of next month, which is this coming monday,” a loud buzzing shook the table, oscillating the brown liquid remaining in Hux’s cup. Phasma blinked slowly, surprised. She had not been expectantly a call today. One look at the caller ID and she scrambled up and out of her seat. “Hello. Yes, sir. No-” she put up one finger, giving the remaining three at the table an apologetic look as she moved away to take the call. While it may have been only a minute or so, Phasma’s departure had left a sheet of sheer discomfort among them. Hux maintained his normal scowl, looking in the direction that Phasma had left in. Kylo held an expression of this same caliber, though his gaze shifted from Hux to his food and every so often to the girl at his side. Rey had brought her little notebook into her lap, supporting her writing by crossing her legs. She had become engrossed in her inner world of planning, outlining and writing. Unbehedest to her, strands of her unruly brown hair had wriggled their way out of her tight braids and fallen down the sides of her face, catching flecks of red in the burning morning rays. Littles outshoots of those red pinpoints reflected off and landed on Kylo’s arm, adding red dots to match his already mottled skin. Eventually, he dropped all pretenses and simply stared at her, unabashedly taking in her appearance as if this was the first time he had seen her. That moment of post-reflection and time of action passed, as he opened his mouth, piquing the attention of Hux, but was cut short by the re-entry of Phasma. A little out of breath, “Well, what did I miss?” Kylo hurriedly closed his mouth, fixed his expression and retorted, “nothing, just quiet meditation.” A snort came from the “general”, as Phasma just giggled, giving the ginger a look that read, we will talk about this later. “Well, it seems this ‘meeting’ must be cut a tad short. Snoke has given me my marching orders. I’m needed back on the front,” she proceeded to rise from her seat, “Oh and Kylo, I’ll email you the details of your assignment.” Kylo nodded, staying seated. “And, Rey,” she said, turning to the girl who had just noticed her return, “thank you for coming,” following with a genuine smile and quick look to Kylo. Her departure was quick and following her example, the kind director disappeared, leaving actor and reporter at the table as the morning air grew colder as the sun hide behind wispy clouds. Rey had put away her materials and sat solemnly in her chair, waiting. Kylo made no indication or acknowledgment to her, simply absorbed in his thoughts. Suddenly, he roze from his seat and strode away from the cafe. Flabbergasted, Rey simply watched the man walk away, quietly admiring the grace of his body in movement. Finally it snapped and she bounded after him. Thanks to his long legs, Kylo had covered some ground by the time rey had realized she had better follow him. Panting slightly, the young reporter reached his side walking a quicker pace than normal to keep up. Without breaking his gaze of concentration, the older man simply ordered, “take the car home. I need silence.” “Well,” pausing to take a breath, “the subject I’m writing about is not home and silence is one of my fortes,” Rey retorted, giving him a playful wink. Kylo finally turned to look at her, narrowing his eyes, the corners of his mouth turning upward subtly into his natural smirk, “Oh really? Could have fooled me.” Rey stuck out her tongue and proceed to turn her attention back to the sidewalk in front of her, plugging a set of earphones into her ears, content to blast Weezer the whole ‘walk’. Time jogged onward as the pair walked side-by-side, each lost in another frame of reality. Contemplative silence seemed to suite them. Kylo could feel his mind calm down as his thoughts were free to meander and dream as they pleased, no pestering questions or restrictive obligations. Rey, though she had wanted to use this time to examine Kylo in private, found herself simply enjoying this peaceful moment. She had to admit when the cameras were off, the adminstration away and the pretenses lost, Kylo seemed almost human, normal, admirable even. He did not regard her much, did not attempt conversation, in fact he opted to pretend she wasn’t there at all. Eventually, Rey couldn’t take it and decided to disrupt the quiet, “So are we going to just keeping walking?” Kylo made no indication of a reply, although the sideways look he gave her suggested he had clearly heard her. A Little more forcefully she repeated, pulling out both earphones, “You know only monks live and breathe in silence.” “Yes, and look at how peaceful they are. You should follow their pious example,” he replied at last as one would to a child. She snorted, “Pious is a subjective term. Who’s to say that what is pious is not really sinful? Those labels are chosen by society, not some greater good or mystical all-encompassing ‘force’.” Kylo raised his brow, “Are you atheist?” “Are you?” “Touché.” Rey let out a smile, “Let’s play a game.” “Reporters play games?” “People who aren’t completely stuck up play games. Now do you want to play?” “What is the game in question?” “Well, we ask each other a question and the other must reply truthfully, no matter the question.” “That sounds like an interview,” Kylo crossed his arms, slowly his pace to allow Rey relax a bit. “In a way, but you get to interview me as well, so we’re even.” Kylo gave an incredulous look, “Why would I want to know about you?” She rolled her eyes and gave the taller man a light shove, “Aw come on, don’t be a spoil sport. You realize that this might actually be fun?” The scenery around ran its usual leisurely pace, as cars whizzed by and the park adjacent to the sidewalk that they occupied sat empty. Internally, Kylo weighed his options, she had done as he had asked and given him space in front of Phasma and Hux, but if his hunch was correct, (it usually was) this was a fishing expedition and Rey was bound to hook something. “Fine, I’ll bite,” Rey shifted away from him in response. “Not literally you dunce, I’ll play your stupid game.” “Yay,” she cheered, genuine smile breaking out, “Alright, first of all, what is your favorite color?” “So original.” She stuck her tongue out, “answer it, wiseass.” “Give me a better question or I’m not playing.” She exhaled. “Fine.” She looked up at him as they were walking and observed his stern face, staring straight ahead. “Is there anyone in your life who has the pleasure of receiving your clearly generous affection?” “Beg your pardon?” She giggled, “I mean you’re an actor, so it must be easy for you to find someone to put up with your-” “I try not to distract myself with things like that.” he responded curtly. An awkward and uncomfortable air settled on them. She looked over again and for a moment, she noticed that his once stern face had turned subtly in pain. It was only a few seconds, but it was the first time he let a weakness slip. He coughed and looked around, struggling to get recede to his regular authoritative state. “My turn now. How can a person who’s so aloof and unobservant be a journalist?” “Excuse me?” “You were hardly observing anything at all back there.” She scoffed, but she knew he was right. She figured if he let a weakness slip, so could she. “I don’t mean to come across that way. I really can’t help it at this point. When you have a passion for writing, you can’t help but notice the details around you.” “And that’s why you’re a journalist?” “Well...that was more of my parents’ decision than mine.” She looked at the sidewalk, and this time he was noticing her demeanor. “...But I guess they had a point.” “Parents, in the end...do, don’t they?” each word seemed measured, Another round of uneasy quiet settled around them. Rey saw the opportunity to pry about his family, so she took it. “What-- How were your parents with you?” Kylo raised a brow as his eyes quickly flickered to her. “I mean, if they were like mine, they certainly wouldn’t have approved of your acting.” “they...I...Well, um….” he sighs, unable to compose his thoughts into words. This was the first time in long while that he had thought about his past. The last few years he has spent blissfully burying his upbringing and background. No one in the First Order knew or really care, with the exception of Phasma whose job was to know such things. Though she had been sworn to secrecy for Kylo’s sake. He starts to fidget with his hands as he tried to formulate the right way to explain to her that wouldn’t ruin his image, not that she thought too highly of him to begin with. “It's...a long story.” “That is such bullshit.” she said, rolling her eyes. “‘A long story’ is code for shit went down and I never dealt with in the normal human way and now I don’t want to talk about it.” Kylo open his mouth and then immediately closed. Of course, she had to have a point. Another sigh, “My parents, well just my dad, he wanted a ‘normal’ life for me. You see he did some things that he regrets. He hung around the wrong type of people and it almost cost him, me and mom. So, he pushed me to be as square as possible. I went to business seminars as teenager, thanks to my mom’s...connections, I was offered several internships that guaranteed jobs out of college. Yet.” Rey whose eye shimmered with interest, urged him on, “yet what?” “None of it felt right. Every second of every day, I hate the work I did, the stuff read, heard, my parents for pushing me there, my peers for envying me and myself, most of all, for letting it all happen.” “So what did you do?” “I…” this was the part of the tale, Kylo was most afraid of reciting, his crime, his lunacy, his irredeemable act. Instead, he skipped over it. “My friend introduced me to a marine recruiter up here in New York. I talked to him about my feelings and he helped me sign up to serve.” “Oh, and how did your parents talk it?” at this point, Rey had pulled out her little notepad and unabashedly wrote down his response. She walked without looking up, aside from occasional encouraging glances to Kylo. The man in question was in shock, in shock that he was actually telling her this. What was she to him? Just some reporter, getting payed from creating an artificial image one. Then he corrected himself, Rey was anything but a fake writer. It almost pained him to admit it, but while she appeared aloof in certain situations, her affinity for writing was apparent. Even know, as his veiled secret spilled out onto the sidewalk, her mind wandered through the ruffled threads, weaving them into a beautiful tapestry in her mind. Every word she wrote was measure,calculated yet flowed like sap from the trunk of ripe tree. The world around as well seemed to run just a smidge slower to account for the magic that she wielded with her pen; it was downright distracting. Sunlight, once more hit her face just right, cascaded flurries of brownish-red speckles onto him. It was as if she projected small ray of sunlight, herself, a beacon of purity against the darkness hidden in his words. He stole one or two more moments of eternity observing her before continuing, “I ran away. From them. My parents. I left a note for my mom and a tie-clip for my dad. Then I just never looked back. While I was on tour, they never tried to contact me and I to them. I was offered admission to juilliard thanks to my service and I took that chance and rolled with it. The rest, I’m sure Phasma or the internet has briefed you on.” Kylo exhaled for what seemed to him to be such a long time. The burden he had been pretending didn't exist felt a lighter but his knees still felt strained but atleast they didn’t buckle. Rey was still scratching away totally engrossed this hail-mary. She couldn’t believe he opened up to, though this wasn’t everything, it was sure as hell a lot more than she had when she started. Part of her rejoiced, this article might actually be going somewhere, another part of her, a traitorous part, sympathized him. While she had took the coward’s way out, he was brave enough to follow his heart and as cheesy as it sounded, he was probably better off. Having familial support was nice but feeling your love for life slowly slip away day by day was an agony worse than hell. There were days she felt so sick with herself and her work that she’d lay in bed all day staring at the ceiling, phone in hand, resignation email open, mouse on the send button, but something would stop her. Her mother would call, finn would come back from work with her favorite takeout, BB-8 would jump into bed with her; life’s little pleasure prodded her back into complacency. While, she couldn’t say he was her friend, they were kindred spirits. Lost souls swerving through the fight between passion and peace. Kylo let out a cough, hoping to stir the reporter out of her little bubble, “I believe it’s my turn now, yes?” She finally looked up, pen still moving, brown eyes meeting his black ones. Nodding, Rey made a small sound of affirmation as she finished her last thought in her book. “Tell me, It’s clear you're in a devoted love affair with creative writing. Why are you a journalist?” Rey eyes went wide, that was unexpected. Like Kylo, Rey hadn’t thought about her ‘parents’ for quite some time. She was abandoned as a child by her real family. They left her with a family friend, Unkar Plutt and his wife, Matilda. Apparently they knew her parents vaguely but were payed a good amount to raise her, until she finished college. The Plutts weren’t really concerned for her, when she was young. They shuffled her into a small room with little furniture or items to call her own. Plutt made her work in his car garage for basically minimum wage. It make her well versed with machinery but she was more concerned with her schoolwork to really pursue anything. Matilda, who had a slight soft spot for little Rey, encouraged her to work hard and dug herself out of the dump they called home. It was thanks to her than Rey applied herself and pursued a B.A in english. Had it not been for Unkar screaming at her for six hours about family and respect and money, she would have gone on to write novels, plays, all the things she consumed as a little girl with a flashlight in the dark. Plutt was practical and he tore her dreams asunder. Three years later, Rey agrees with him, the change was probably for the best. “I, well. Like you, I had, let’s say realistic parents. But unlike you, I didn’t fight back,” her voice cracked mid-sentence. “When Unkar, I mean my foster dad, said ‘jump!’ I said, ‘how high?’ yeah, I know pathetic.” “No. It’s not…” Kylo replied, sincerity in his words. For him, another part of the ethereal mist surrounding her lifted as he saw her humanity and how much more meaningful it was compared to him. Kylo had made selfish decisions that lead to his current numb life, but Rey, well, she had chosen to spite her own desire in the pursuit of something that suited everyone. Well, almost, everyone. Though, Kylo could have sworn their day had begun a few hours ago, wide ribbons of dying orange light bathed the city streets in long shadows and half lit reflections. This strangely alluring light had the opposite effect on Rey, whose eyes, for the first moment since they’d met, were unguarded and currently displayed regret, the kind that Kylo had found in his own on the rare occasion he actually looked at his own image in the mirror. “What’s the matter?” She looked up from the sidewalk and met his eyes, noticing his genuine concern. “You used up your turn already.” She turned around and put her earbuds back in. The dying light seemed to follow her, and he wanted to as well. Notes: Oh no, Kylo got a serious case of the FEELS. And we finally get the full story on both of their lives, well almost full. Now I know I promise this chapter back in the end of march, but school and drama happened. So there was a delay, but its here now. I hope you guys like it^^