“Welcome back, Senator.” “ Get your filthy hands off of me! ” Senator Melleriana Solusar had gotten herself into something she wasn’t quite sure she was going to be able to get herself out of. The large guards had strong grips on her arms and the young, wide-eyed politician was sure that these men weren’t going to let her see the light of Hosnian Prime again. Struggling, she finally shook the guards off when she was tossed into the private dining area of the one and only Senator Erudo Ro-Kiintor. He was a skinny man, bald and beady-eyed. One might have likened him to a Cerulean hook hawk, with a long protruding nose and a crooked, snide smile. The man was as intimidating as a jawa, as even Melleriana was sure she could have snapped the man in two. However, it was the towering personal guards looming behind the seated senator that made the young woman hold her tongue. “I invite you as guest aboard my yacht, Senator Solusar,” his voice is low, eyes trained on the piece of meat his is precarious cutting with a knife balanced in long spiny fingers, “and you thank me by snooping in my personal artifacts?” Mel watches as he picks at his dinner, chewing thoughtfully as his eyes scan her face and look for any fleeting glimpse of guilt. “I’m not quite sure I know what you’re talking about, Senator, and I don’t take lightly to being accused. ” Nicely played, Mel. Keep up the act long enough and the traitor might actually believe you. His accusations were completely true. The young senator wasn’t aboard Senator Ro-Kiintor’s yacht the Hevurion Grace to make friends nor wine and dine. Though her moves had suggested so in Senatorial meets back in the capital and at Galactic Senate functions, Solusar had her own suspicions. Suspicions she shared with the one and only General Leia Organa. Melleriana’s father, now a retired politician with strong ties to the Senate, didn’t believe the First Order was a feasible threat — neither did a lot of the capital. But, deep down, Melleriana knew that there was something there. Something terrible. “Do go on, Senator Solusar,” he crowed sarcastically, “It’s not as if we don’t have the surveillance to prove it.” Damn. THREE HOURS EARLIER: “This is the Hevurion Grace , Senator Erudo Ro-Kiintor’s personal yacht,” Leia said. Poe nodded slightly. “It’s a Pinnacle-class luxury ship, made by Vekker Corp. I’ve seen Pinnacles once or twice before. They’re exclusive ships, everything aboard handmade, or so Vekker advertises. Only the very wealthy can afford them. They trade luxury for efficiency, practically hang an invitation off the hull for pirates saying, ‘Money in here.’ And this is where our loyal friend Senator Melleriana Solusar is being held.” “Never heard of her,” Poe offers, arms crossed and eyes tracing the outline of the luxury ship’s holo-print. General Organa, to his right, signals to her ever so obedient gold, C series protocol droid. “Threepio, if you would, please.” The holo chimes into static and blips up with a projection of a wide eyed young woman as C-3P0 nods. “Of course, princess.” Poe Dameron narrows his eyes, motioning to the holo with an open palm. “Isn’t she a little young to be a Senator? The holo says she is only twenty-three years old.” Leia tosses him a smirk at him from across her office in Home One . “Mind who you’re speaking to, Commander Dameron.” The star Resistance pilot straightens his shoulders as a good-natured chuckle rises from his throat. He forgets sometimes who she is. This legendary woman, General to the Resistance and youngest Senator to ever hold a seat in the Galactic Empire, simply smiles and circles the hologram. “Her protocol droid C0-N9 broadcasted a distress signal about an hour ago. She was on an assignment to gather information on Senator Ro-Kiintor’s involvement with the First Order. I presume she’s been found out, and I need her back safely. Her father has no idea she’s aboard. The old grouch thinks she’s out in the outer rim, furthering unstable trade unions.” “I’m assuming this is where I come in?” Poe’s eyes are trained on the hologram of the young senator. Her formal gown and intricate hairstyles suggest a spoiled lifestyle to him and the small crystal band circling her head reminds him who he’s really dealing with. Royalty. “Yes,” Leia motioned to the hologram of the Hevurion Grace , “Remember that bit about pirates that I mentioned?” NOW: “This vessel is now property of the Irving Boys!” Could this day get any worse? The luxury yacht had exited hyperspace only to be ambushed by pirates and gunned dead in space as panic set in aboard. She was hauled off along-side Senator Ro-Kiintor by his servant as the man barked order at the pilot to broadcast a distress signal. The once intricately blue lit hallways were now darker than ever, and once the lights finally came back on, they came face to face with one single pirate. His EVA suit was bulky, and the voice barking orders at them was mechanical and deep. The blaster carbine in his hands almost looked comically small and Melleriana had to bite back a laugh. The bald senator spluttered. “Do you know who I am? How dare—” The pirate fired a shot at the deck, sending sparks into the air. Melleriana winced, small hands moving to cover her eyes from the bright flames. “ Mine !” He roared. His eyes land on Mel and she recoils slightly in fear. “You’re good stock! You’ll make a fine slave!” Suddenly, the man is drudging forward, grasping Melleriana’s wrist and hauling her over his shoulder. She yelps, shrieking profanities in her native tongue and struggling in the firm hold of the pirate. The senator blanched, recoiling to hide behind his servant. “Now… now let’s not do anything hasty….” “You have ten seconds to leave my ship!” The man in the EVA suit said. “Or else you’ll be mine, too!” He fired a second shot into the deck for emphasis. The senator, the pilot, and the servant practically trampled one another running for the escape pods as Mel was left alone to deal with this member of the Irving Boys. Poe winced as she pounded on his back and shrieked in his ear. The impact he made making the jump from his unmarked Z-95 to the boarding hatch of the ship was enough to knock the air out of his lungs and leave his head spinning, so the pilot wasn’t about to let the woman continue to struggle in his arms. She was stronger than she looked. Poe trudged to the elevator and proceed to unceremoniously dump the Senator on the marble-slated floor as the door hissed closed. “ You no good, kriffing piece of bantha fodder! ” Melleriana didn’t care if her chiffon dress was hiked to her thighs as she kicked at his ankles with her dangerously spiked heels. In one swoop of her knee, she made contact with his groin. The man's yelps of pain were followed by expletives as he dropped to the floor of the elevator and began to wrestle with the senator, trying to subdue the lithe little spitfire. “ Hey! Stop that! OW! Stop! I’m with the Resistance, damn it!” Melleriana froze, going slack under the man in the suit and furrowing her brows. “ What ?!” “The name’s Poe Dameron,” Poe clutched his crotch in fear of another strike, “I’m with the Resistance. General Organa sent me.” Mel’s mouth dropped open in slight shock, eyes widening as she realized she had probably given this man a run for his money, as well as quite a few bruises. She covered her mouth, an apology halfway from spilling from her lips. His helmet barred her from seeing his actual face, and Poe was thankful for it. He was pale; that crotch-shot did him in good. “Come on, we need to go. My team is waiting for us to make the jump.” As the two of them scrambled out of the elevator, Mel took off towards her quarters. Poe, exasperated and breathless from pain, waved his arms in the air. “ Hey! Where are you going?!” “I need to get En-Nine!” her shouts are echoing off the walls as she quickly peels around the corner and throws herself into her private quarters. The droid shuffles out from den, arms waving in an ecstatic motion at the sight of its master. “Miss Solusar! Y-Y-You’re back!” She smiles at the droid. “Ready to get off this over glorified refresher, En-Nine?” “W-W-Why I thought you’d never ask.” Her hands fly to the draw beside her bed and retrieve the datastick from the way back. It contained the ships logs, messages between Ro-Kiintor and General Hux, as well as specs on First Order ships. Maybe more. Melleriana hadn’t had the time to sift through the entire data splurge. She was too busy ducking the suspicions of the rogue Senator. Tucking the stick into her belt, Melleriana motioned for her chrome protocal droid C0-N9 to follow her. That man, Poe Dameron, was settled by an evac pod, waiting in the open doors for the Senator. Poe couldn’t help but tap his foot eagerly. Soon enough, the Hevurion Grace’s distress signal would be intercepted and— “Commander, we’ve got company. ” Suddenly, the entire ship was rocked with the appearance of a Star Destroyer. His comms suddenly lit up, his entire team warning him that they’d been intercepted and were now facing hordes of TIE fighters. Jessikka, Iolo and Karé were now locked in dogfights, their maneuvers rocking the comms in his suit’s helmet. “Mind speedin’ things up, Commander?” It’s Iolo’s voice again, “We’re not making this jump without you.” “Iolo, Jessikka, Karé,” Poe’s tone is sharp, “ Make the jump. I’ve got the senator, I’ll be right behind you. That’s an order. ” “All due respect sir,” Karé snickers into the comms, “ No. ” He’s too busy shuffling Melleriana into the pod and securing her into the co-pilot’s seat of the pod to respond with a snark-filled retort. His eyes dark eyes are trained on the black of space being lit with the contending fire of the TIE’s and the squadron of Z-95’s. The senator watches him carefully, noticing the lack of hesitation as the man punched in the coordinates and warmed the hyperdrive. “You know how to fly this thing?” “I can fly anything .” Poe’s signature grin floods his face as he keys in his comms to the cockpit’s speakers, ditching his EVA helmet and relishing in the fresh air. The suit reeked of plastic and sweat, and Poe wants nothing more than to brush his teeth. Carding a hand through helmet-haired curls, he checks in with his team. “You guys ready to ditch these bucketheads?” There’s a chorus of approval from the squadron as Poe punches in the coordinates for D’Qar, offering a look to Melleriana. “Ready?” The young woman’s eyes are wide and mouth slack, trained on the handsome pilot before her. She knows who he is now. He’s the one that went against direct New Republic orders about six months prior. He had been a high-up in the Republic’s Navy, someone who her father had petitioned to court-martial. Instead, General Organa recruited him and annulled his actions. Mel hadn’t realized he was that handsome. Giving a slight nod, the young senator was just glad to get away from the entire fiasco as the slip of hyperspace enveloped them. Within seconds, the familiar planet of D’Qar was before them. In the distance, the glow of her home system shone in the sky. “Welcome back, Senator.” Notes: Expect some Poe/Mel tensions next chapter.