the worst day I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this. It’s the day Ben started dreading since he went to bed last night. It’s early. Much earlier than his alarm. Of course he wouldn’t wake up at a reasonable hour... Not when he doesn’t want to be awake. Ben cracks an eye open, flaps a corner of his blanket off his head. Still dark in his room. He’d forgotten to close the curtains. Stupid-- “No,” he says. “The light will help me get up.” You forgot-- “It’s not a big deal.” You’re such a loser-- “Stop it.” He drags his nails down a shoulder, stops, and looks at his hand. Per the doctor’s orders, his nails are short and filed. It is intensely irritating. All the way on the other side of the room is his alarm clock and his bottle of medication, right-side up the way he’d set it last night. Ben squints at the red numbers. He looks at the window, starting to lighten already. His body is dead weight. Useless. When the alarm goes off, two hours later, he’s still trying to get out of bed. An hour later, his phone buzzes. He doesn’t get up. It’s easy to ignore his phone. He set it on silent weeks ago. But then the landline, a clunky relic his mother insisted he install near his bed, rings, and Ben bolts into a sitting position. Almost. He sags back down instantly, and reaches one long arm over the bedside table. He should move the table further away. “Hello.” “Ben. Get out of bed.” He shakes his head. Remembers he is on a phone. Can’t summon the energy to say something. “Ben? Can you do that?” “No.” Tears start to come out unbidden and he wipes his eyes with a wrist before letting his head sink back into the pillow. “No, I can’t, Mom, he’s waiting for me.” “He’s not there, Ben.” Somewhere on the other side of the line his father is standing patiently. Possibly Uncle Luke. “He’s out there--he’s coming for me, he’s waiting for me--” “No, he’s--” “Leia.” Uncle Luke takes the phone. “Ben?” “Stop calling me that, he’ll know--” “Ben. It’s all right. This is a protected line.” His phone buzzes and Ben throws the landline down. It reaches the end of the cord and dangles by his bed. He dives under the covers feeling useless and ashamed even as he cries out, “Mom!” A cacophony of voices on the other end of the phone--his Mom, Uncle Luke, Uncle Chewie, even R2′s shrill barks threaten to drown out all sense of composure until one quiet voice breaks through the chaos. “Hey. Buddy. I got something to tell you.” “Dad?” Everyone else hushes. Ben picks up the phone. “What?” “You listen here. Maz is coming to get you out of bed in half an hour if you don’t get up yourself. I told her she’d get a date with Chewie. Dinner and a movie. Check your phone, it was probably just the alarm--” "Ben?” his mother's wrestled the phone from Han without asking, as is normal for them. “Are you okay?” “Oh. Yes.” A lump in his throat. Ben swallows. "If not, Maz is coming in a little while. I think." “Ben, have you taken your medication?” Ben shakes his head. “Words, honey.” “No... not yet.” “Hang up. Get out of bed. Take them. You put water by them, right?” “Yes.” “He is not coming to get you. He won’t even recognize you. You were only ten when it happened.” “But--” “Ben, how much have you grown since then?” He thinks about it. Laughs once. Twice. “I think two, two and a half feet.” “And your hair, it’s darker now, right? Didn’t even have to dye it.” His hair had been a chestnut brown like his father’s before it darkened to black. “He won’t recognize you, Ben,” Leia laughs. “Now get out of bed. Take your pills, okay?” “Yes, Mother.” “And you eat something, too.” “Fine.” “I mean it! You can’t take meds on an empty stomach, you know-- “Leia, Leia!” His father again. “Bossy as all hell.” “Oh, Ben!” his mother sighs, ignoring Han. “You know I love you. Even if you don’t get out of bed.” “Right.” Ben sits up. “Thanks, Mom.” “Bye, Ben.” Uncle Luke, Chewie say goodbye. Even R2 barks into the phone. Ben waits a moment or two. Then his father says, “See you, kid,” and hangs up smartly. - - - He misses R2. He misses R2 so much he can’t stand it. Ben misses everyone else, too. But dogs are so simple. He misses his family’s dog fiercely as he takes two blue tablets from one bottle and a green pill from the other, washing them down with the lukewarm water. Then he flips both bottles onto their lids, hearing the chalky pills scrabble down like sand in hourglasses plugged up halfway. Ben had moved so far away from his hometown to get away from Snoke, changed his name even, and every step felt like a nightmare. At least at home, he had his family around. But he’d graduated high school, went through therapy for a couple of years, and decided to change his name. After it went through, he’d picked a community college in Nevada. It is hot. It is boring. It is isolated. Thoroughly unimpressive. Therefore, it is the least likely place for the son of a New York senator and nephew of a Jedi to turn up. Perfectly safe for Ben to hide out for a couple of years while Ben got his bearings. That was what Maz told them, at least. She also lived in Vegas, not twenty minutes away, which sweetened the deal to his parents' view. Ben puts on a set of clean clothes. Stands up straight, scrutinizes his room. He’d cleaned it yesterday--and packed a small suitcase in his panic. It was sticking out from under the bed. He sighs and ignores it, heading into the kitchen. On the fridge is a note stating BRUSH YOUR FUCKING TEETH YOU ANIMAL. Ben looks over at the kitchen sink where his toothbrush and paste have been set out, and sighs. It takes all his energy to brush his teeth and splash some milk over a bowl of tired looking cereal. He has no intention of going to class today. He’ll make it up by the end of the semester, probably. Bed? No. Bed is a dangerous place to be, in his state. He might never leave. Ben settles on the couch, leafing through a book of Shii-Cho techniques. Under the couch is the dull wooden training saber his uncle had made for him before he left, and he fishes it out. With one arm, he goes through what he can of the moves which interest him while sitting down. With the other, he flips aimlessly through the channels on his TV one by one until he finds one with the perfect amount of static--not too whining, not too hellish and gravelly low. His already halfhearted excuse for a training drill devolves into Ben twirling his saber in as many positions as possible, as long as he doesn’t stand up. - - - He falls asleep. For a minute, or maybe half an hour. The light hasn't changed when he opens his eyes. There's a sound. A dog barking. "R2?" No, the bark is higher. If Ben could use the Force, he wouldn't even bother getting up, but as it is, one of his pills masks his presence in the Force and also has the unwanted effect of dulling his powers. He might as well. Ben stands cautiously, holding his training saber out of habit. For a second, his heart beats in his throat, maddening and painful. What if this is bait? Does Snoke know he likes dogs? What if-- He shakes his head, hard. He kneels on the ground, and reaches out with his muted strength to the other side of the door. There's only one presence, a dog. None of Snoke's. He opens the door a crack, and a nose pushes in. It's a Corgi, orange and white. Panting heavily and leash broken, it wags its stubby tail before shoving in between Ben's ankles and looking around, whining desperately. First things first: Ben locks the door behind him. The dog is thirsty, and lost. Ben gets a clean bowl and fills it with tap water, then sets it on the kitchen floor. It drinks happily, then approaches him with no hesitation whatsoever. "BB8," he reads off the tag. On the back side are the first few digits of a number, but the tag is old and scratched and he can't make out the last ones. So much for the rest of his day. Chapter 2 : not ready As always, Rey is out the door first, since she spends no time diddling about with the sugar and cream for her black coffee. Or fussing around with extra napkins. She sips the steaming drink carefully, and looks down to greet BB8, only to find the sidewalk devoid of fat, smiling orange dog. The sun, just a few minutes ago bright and cheery on their casual Wednesday morning coffee run, becomes an unyielding source of irritation as Rey looks at the parking meter where Finn had tied up BB8. "Finn." "What?" As the former stormtrooper comes out with two paper bags squashed into the crook of one arm, and his sugared up latte in the other hand, Rey points to the sidewalk. Finn gasps and drops his cup, spilling all over his pants. Miraculously, the bags of pastries land, untorn, on a dry part of the curb. Passerby start to edge around them with at least a three foot radius as Rey starts pacing and shaking her fist at her friend. " You tied up BB8! I told you to make sure you tied the leash properly! You insisted she wouldn't break loose from that flimsy knot! You left that flimsy knot! I am neither your boyfriend nor you, therefore BB8 is not my responsibility, therefore it is not my fault that you--!" "Lost my boyfriend's dog! I know, I know!" Finn clenches his shaved head and moans. "Poe's going to kill me! Or cry! Actually, I'd take the killing because--" He buries a face in one hand. "Crying sucks!" "Finn..." Rey sighs. She can't stay mad at anyone who cries. Gripping his shoulder firmly, but not harshly, she says: "Finn. Get a hold of yourself. You can't look for BB8 when you're blinded by tears." "Okay, but can we hold off telling Poe until we find BB8?" "Mm..." Normally Rey would choose the forthright option. But Poe does love his dog, and since he is on the other side of the country in New York right now, he would have plenty of time to stew in his anxiety and anger as he dropped everything to go find BB8. Probably comandeer a helicopter, too. "I guess it shouldn't take too long. We're both much fitter than her." Rey looks down at her thermos of steaming coffee and knocks back a gulp for the caffeine rush, ignoring the protest of her throat. "But I'm not buying you another drink." Finn looks down at his clothes, stained with his own drink, and sighs. "I guess I deserve it." He takes the pastries he'd gotten, and chomps on it as they start asking passersby if they'd seen a Corgi running away. Someone points them in a direction. - - - Rey's certainty on whether this was the right direction had dwindled, as the minutes stretched into an hour and a half. Finn had insisted that Rey not call Poe yet as he might still be in the air. They stare into the open desert on the edge of Jakku. Rey sighs. "Finn." "Crying sucks," Finn sobs. Rey pats his shoulder. "It's all right." Her coffee has gone lukewarm and she swigs down the rest, out of reluctance to waste any drinkable fluid. "You've done it before and nothing happened. And I am surprised she got this far, since she's so round." Poe had taken her to the vet a few weeks ago, panicking over her swelling stomach ("My mom was right, I should have spayed her! Finn, we are not ready for puppies!"), only to be told that his dog was just fat and Poe should stop feeding her treats and carrying her everywhere. Rey sighs and sits down on the dusty sidewalk. Finn shows no signs of giving up and going to work. Rey only has one class today, and she can make it up pretty easily, so they're both stuck. "We should at least leave a message for Poe for once he lands. Tell him we lost BB8." "No. We can still find her and pretend nothing happened." Rey takes out her phone. "If you don't leave a message, I will." "No!" Finn swipes at it. "Rey, please!" In the scuffle, it drops on the ground. Rey's jaw drops out of habit--she'd gotten a case for her phone, but the dust could still get into the ports and that was a pain. " Finn! Why do you have such a bloody problem with telling Poe?!" "I'm scared he loves that dog more than me--" He freezes, and Rey turns around. "What?" "Are those pawprints?" They both kneel on the ground as Rey pockets her dusty phone. They are, in fact, pawprints. Finn sets off at a run, and Rey pulls her hood over her head as she follows. "Oh, BB8 is going to be starving! I'll only be, like, four, five hours late after I get her home and give her a bath and feed her and get a new leash so Poe doesn't find out. I can lie to Phasma." "You are not going to lie to anyone!" "I mean, what would be the point of calling him now when he'll get it after we've recovered BB8, huh?" - - - Ben, covered in dust and orange dog fur, pours a cup of dog food into another bowl on the counter. BB8 watches, but sits her chubby bottom on the floor and waits until he sets it down in front of her. For lack of a better lunch date, Ben swipes his sandwich off the counter and sits on the floor, occasionally reaching out to stroke the dog's back. BB8 has one crooked ear, seems to be purebred. She is not spayed, very outgoing, and very fat. Ben has no idea what Corgis are supposed to weigh, but she definitely looks rounder than other dogs. After her water was finished, she'd whined and skittered around the kitchen floor, wagging and sitting down, then looking expectantly at Ben. He'd figured she was hungry. He'd heard somewhere that dogs with long backs were vulnerable to spine problems when overweight, but his place is right on the edge of town, and he's better at recognizing dogs than people, so she must have run a long way. At the time, Ben had no dog food and only three things in his fridge, none of which were dog-friendly. So he tucked BB8 under an arm and took her to the closest pet store. No one recognized her, but that wasn't in itself a problem. The only thing Jakku had going for it was lots of space and indifferent landlords who didn't mind dogs as long as they were out in the yard when inspections came along. So, there were three pet stores. Jakku was technically large enough to be a city, but due to the sparse population it felt more like a small town spread thin. The manager took a photo of BB8 and said they'd put up a notice. After much deliberation--overweight dogs could be on any number of weight-loss regimes--Ben got a small bag of the plainest food he could find. Then the Force had pinged and steered him to the grooming aisle, where he got a brush. Once BB8 is done eating, Ben takes out the brush. It's an unfamiliar style to him, but BB8 remembers how she gets brushed, so he works off her memories. "BB8?" he calls. The Force, surprisingly active in him today, compels him to toss his head up and call jauntily, "Who wants to get brushed! " She barks and runs over. "You do!" Ben laughs. It must be the dog's memories, infusing him with an infectious joy at the sight of the brush. She wags her tail so hard her hind legs are swept up in the motion. It seems harmless, using the Force to connect with a dog, so he lets his awareness sharpen. Reaching out his hand, Ben commands, "Shake," he says. She lifts her right paw. "Other paw." She brings up the other paw. "Good girl, BB8!" Ben brushes her coat free of the dust, and she pants happily, nosing his free hand and licking it. Laughing, Ben goes on, "Yes, you are such a good girl, aren't you! Daddy loves you, even though you're fat--" He drops the brush. Those weren't his words. Too late, he remembers he hadn't taken his Force suppressor at lunch. BB8 whimpers in confusion as Ben stumbles away from her and to his bedroom, but it is too late to stop the onslaught of Force visions. Poe, why don't you stop feeding her bacon? We are not ready for puppies! She's not pregnant, she's just fat. Feed her less, walk her more, you know the drill. Or you should. Finn, you cannot just tie the leash around the meter. Poe will be so angry if she breaks loose-- Relax, Rey, we're just going in for a cup of coffee, we'll be back before-- He feels himself running on all fours over the hot desert ground, a burning thirst in his dry throat, waves of relief as cool air washes over him and a nice giant in black clothing gives him water and pets him and brushes him just like Poe-- "That was me," Ben chokes. He downs the pill, gulps some water, and heads into bed, trembling. "I am Ben, Ben Organa-Solo. I am the one who fed the dog. I live in Jakku, Nevada. The desert is hot. I live alone. There is a Corgi in my house named BB8. It is Wednesday. It is--it is--" He can't remember the time. "After lunch. I am wearing a black shirt, black jeans. I didn't comb my hair. My parents are Leia Organa and Han Solo. My uncle is Luke Skywalker. I am in bed right now. There are three blankets and two pillows. I am studying--studying--" He can't remember what his major is, he changes it every semester-- The door opens and Ben turns away, shutting his eyes. "Ben. Ben Organa-Solo. Ben Organa-Solo. I fed the dog. I--" Soft, padding footsteps approach and Ben trails off. A few moments later, a soft, furry weight settles into his bed without any hesitation. Or permission. "I'm not your master," he says. "I'm not... Poe." He hears an English girl say: And you're not supposed to sleep in bed anymore, BB8. BB8 sticks her cold nose into his side and Ben sighs. With the last of his dwindling Force sense, he hears the girl sigh, too. - - - After a few minutes of following BB8's tracks, from the sands of the desert arise a sight of... the sorriest looking house Rey has ever seen. A single-story place, barely more than a cottage with a tin roof. The brown paint is faded and peeling. Dust is everywhere. Pawprints lead straight up the steps to the porch. There are no curtains and the lights aren't on, but there's a scuff mark where the door opened and BB8's steps disappear in. "Hello!" Finn bangs on the door. "Finn!" "Excuse me, I think you have our dog! She's a Corgi, kind of fat. Well, really fat, actually. Please tell me you haven't decided to keep her! I know she's super cute, but that dog is the foundation of my relationship--" "Finn." Rey pushes him to the side. "Hello? BB8?" Even without the sound of claws on a hardwood floor, she knows BB8 is in there somewhere, and surprisingly happy. They hear a bark, and scratching at the door. "BB8!" Finn tugs on the door. "Yes!" "Hello?" Rey calls. BB8 doesn't sound hungry or tired, just excited. Someone must be home. "Please open the door. I'm sorry, my friend's been worried." Someone starts walking to the door. From the sound of the footsteps, it's a very tall someone, slow and deliberate. Maybe an old man. BB8's collar jingles, and the door opens to reveal... a young man, perhaps Finn's age. He is pale, towers over the both of them, and his black hair is messy. His clothes don't help, being black too. He'd be very forbidding if his face wasn't drawn and haggard-looking, like he's been ill. The chubby orange dog in one massive arm does nothing to increase his presence, either. As it is, Finn snatches BB8 up and kisses her on the nose--then, promptly, spits in disgust and wipes his mouth when BB8 licks him back. A flicker of disappointment on the man's face surprises Rey, though he smooths it over too quickly for her to make much of it. The leash is gone. Rey looks around. "Where's her lead?" "I have it. In here." His voice sounds as rusty and unused as his house. "It's broken. You can come inside, I'll get you water." Rey lowers her hood. "Thank you." They sit on a worn-out couch with a television that is blaring static. The man sighs and clicks it off, then heads to the kitchen and rummages around for a few minutes. Meanwhile, Finn coos over his boyfriend's dog. "Are you hungry, BB8? I will feed you so much bacon, you bad dog, as long as you promise not to tell your dad. And Auntie Rey won't either, right?" Finn looks at her. "Right?" She glares, and turns to their odd host. "Sorry. I'm Rey, that's Finn, and BB8's owner is--" "Poe," he says. "I... figured." Rey tilts her head, but he offers no other explanation. Must have seen the tag. "What's your name?" He blinks. Pauses. Then he looks away, for the briefest second settling on BB8. "Matt." He's clearly itching to pet BB8, despite how exhausted he looks. "Go on," Finn says. "You know she's friendly." Matt shrugs. Finn sighs, scoops BB8 up, and dumps her on Matt's lap. "She's not hungry at all, did you feed her?" "Yes." He falls to stroking BB8 gently across the back. "Do you have a dog?" "No." A pause. "My family does. I just... She seemed hungry, so I went to the pet shop and asked around. Then I got food. And a brush." "You brushed her, too?" Finn says. She does seem oddly well-groomed for a dog who was running around in the desert. Yet, Rey notices, Matt hasn't done anything to tame his own unruly black curls, for at least a few days. "You're a lifesaver--oh, her leash?" Matt casts around, and settles on a spot by the couch. He nudges BB8 off his lap, shuffles over, and picks the leash off the floor. Then he sits down and crosses his legs. He crooks a finger at BB8, who waddles back onto his lap. He smiles, and puts his chin on BB8's head, and looks like an entirely different person. In fact, Rey thinks, he looks like-- "Poe!" Finn laughs. "That's exactly what Poe does!" Matt jerks away as if Finn had branded him. Whatever brief glimpse of normalcy, of relaxation, disappears back into the awkward, incredibly shy young man. BB8 tumbles away. Matt lets her go, remains on the floor with his knees drawn up. "Sorry." "I didn't mean anything bad by it," Finn says. "It's just... you know, it's what Poe does. You're on the floor and everything. And, like... you did that thing where you just--" He crooks his finger. "And she came to you! I can't do that! Rey can only do it sometimes--" Far from assuring Matt, Rey notes a swirl of tension encompassing his spine and shoulders. His eyes are beginning to look feral. "Finn." "What?" Matt clatters to his full height, ramrod straight, fists clenched--but his chin is tucked down into his chest. "I told the pet shop--" This comes out far too loud and deliberate and fast. "That I found this dog, and they put out a notice, and you should probably go take that down now, seeing as you have found her." Silence. Rey finishes her water and clips BB8's leash on. If she's careful, it can last to the pet shop. "That's a good idea. We need to get a new leash anyway." "Yeah, thanks." Finn holds out his hand to Matt, who looks downright nauseated before he gingerly shakes hands anyway. "For, well, everything. You want us to pay you for the food and brush? I don't have cash, I'll come back tomorrow." This surprises Matt. "Sure... if you want to." He looks at Rey, and doesn't seem to know what to do. He turns back to Finn and says, "But I have class tomorrow night, you'll have to come before six." "Oh, wait," Finn says. "I really cannot miss work tomorrow. Rey?" "Yeah." Rey keeps her distance. But she does make eye contact with Matt. "I'll do it. I'll come back tomorrow after class. What's your number?" She takes out her dusty phone and adds a contact. He rattles it off quite quickly, then pauses and looks almost ashamed of himself. "Sorry. Do you need me to repeat that?" "No. Is it this?" She reads out the number in and gets a nod. She files it under Matt, foregoing a surname. Rey smiles at him, carefully, and he looks down. "Thanks, Matt," she says firmly. "Really." He shifts, then nods, looking up for a brief second. "No problem." - - - As Finn drops her off at her house, he sticks his head out the window and beckons her closer. "Rey. That guy is weird, and also huge. Are you absolutely sure you want to go there all alone? We can wait till the day after tomorrow and I'll go with you. We can both take him, I think." "He's not weird." Rey puts her hands on her hips. "I've seen his lot before." "Really? And what is his-- lot? " "He's... ill. Or he has been, lately." She scratches BB8 through the open passenger window. "I can take on one nutty invalid, thank you very much." "How do you know he's sick?" "He looked it, Finn. He looked like he'd run for miles in high noon after coming to the door." "Okay, but... keep me on speed dial, yeah?" He reaches for her hand, and Rey rolls her eyes but takes it anyway. "Promise?" "Promise." "I will call you every hour on the hour. If you don't respond, I'm calling the police." "How about you call Poe and tell him what happened?" "Why do you insist on telling Poe such a little thing like 'I lost your dog for a few hours and some weirdo in a shack on the edge of town found her.'" "Poe's going to ask why you're calling me and why BB8 has a new lead." "Woman, what Poe doesn't know won't hurt him!" "You can't keep him in the dark forever!" Finn starts the engine. Rey's jaw drops. "Finn!" She bangs on the door, then darts in front of him. "Rey!" "Don't you leave!" She holds her ground, and when the engine stops, she stomps to the driver's side. He doesn't open the window, only crosses his arms. She raps on it. "Finn!" He averts his gaze, and Rey feels tears spring up. "You promised!" Finn looks over as her voice cracks. "What?" "You promised you'd tell Poe once we found her! We found her!" "Oh. Listen--" "If--" Rey wipes her eyes sharply and shakes her head, trying to get back her anger, but her next words come out on a wail. "If you're not going to tell him, I will! It's the principle, Finn! You can't tell your friends you'll do something and then not follow through! And you can't tell your boyfriend you'll take care of his dog and then lose her and pretend everything's all right!" "Rey--relax--" He rolls down his window. "Everything turned out okay. Not telling Poe won't hurt anyone--" "What do you think this is?" Rey crosses her arms, biting her lip and feeling her face heat up with tears in the cold desert night. "What do you think I am?" She takes a deep breath, then takes out her phone. "I'm going to keep my word because that way, it won't be a secret for three months and then blow up in your bloody face! Last fucking chance to keep yours!" She counts to thirty in her head. As she starts dialing, Finn holds up his hand and takes out his phone. "All right, all right. I'll call him." She keeps dialing. Finn panics and struggles through the window. "Wait, no!" The voicemail comes on. "Hey, Poe?" "Rey, please--" "Finn's got something to tell you." She hands the phone over. Finn sighs. "Hey, Poe. We, um..." Rey clears her throat. "Okay, I kind of... tied a crappy knot around a meter and BB8 got free and we lost her for a while. Like hours. But don't worry! We found her! And she's perfectly okay, I promise. And we made--well, BB8 made a new friend. His name's Matt. Kind of weird, but he likes dogs and he fed her. She ran into his house. Okay, so... I understand if you don't get me a New York souvenir, and also if you call back and yell at me once you touch down. But... you know, I love you. And BB8 and Rey love you, too. Feel our love. Love is patient. Love is kind. Love does not get angry." "Finn." "Bye, Poe." He hangs up, and hands the phone back. Rey smiles at him. "Was that so hard?" "He's going to yell at me," Finn moans. "Why do I babble?" "He's not going to yell at you," Rey says, patting his shoulder. "Much." Finn reaches up to touch her hand, and sighs. "I guess it wasn't." He smiles. "Listen, I will call you. Soon as you get up. Make sure this Matt guy hasn't tracked you down to your house--somehow--and abducted you in the night because you're the first girl who's been at his house in like, ages." "Go home, Finn." She kisses him on the forehead. Chapter 3 : no power, no force Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben awakes on his stomach with Hux's voice in his head. Ben takes his pills before his mind starts to circle around the thought of the redhaired man. He fixes his bed. There is still orange fur clinging to it, which he tries to smooth away with a palm. All it does is spread them around, and remind him that Hux had an orange cat. Ben fights for something, anything, a clean shirt or a lint brush or he should just throw himself into the shower or-- A knock on his door. Through his panic, Ben wonders who it is. He never expects anyone. He'd been too young to answer the door before Snoke. During his long abduction, Snoke rarely had a set time for meetings or even knocked, so Ben just went about his business and learned to dress quickly. Ben takes a breath, tosses on a shirt and shoes--socks are extraneous--and steels himself for whoever is waiting. It may be the girl--Rey--from yesterday. Standing on his porch is Maz Kanata, white teeth flashing in a grin against her dark complexion. She wears practical clothes in garish colors, par the course for a former Vegas showgirl and current owner of the Takodana club. She is a few decades older than Ben and over a foot shorter, but years of announcing for burlesque shows have given Maz the same presence and lung capacity as Ben's mother. While she isn't a Jedi, having declined Luke's offer to join, she knows the Force and she was always on the lookout for pupils. "Ben!" Maz says. "Thought I'd give Han's son a visit." Whatever politeness Maz may have had is knocked aside as she sweeps into the house, hands on her hips. "Look at this mess! Leia would have Words to Say, boy." She tuts and picks up his training saber, then tosses it onto the couch. Rapidly, his things coalesce into a pile, thrown by Maz herself, or the Force. Dust makes a smokescreen of the room. Ben hides in a corner. Takodana is a decent place, for a watering hole of the Vegas underworld. Even his mother had acknowledged that and, warily, let Maz act as something of an unofficial aunt. And both his parents had a debt to Maz now. She'd helped in the search for Snoke, in her 'You didn't hear it from me' way. "It's said that our outer environment reflects our innermost thoughts," Maz remarks. By Luke. "I don't need your help to clean up, Maz." "Well, I don't like talking in a messy room." She waves at a window to open it, and a stream of dust filters out of the room. "Get us some tea, sweetheart." "I'm expecting someone." "They're not here yet, are they?" Ben storms into the kitchen. The note blares at him to brush his teeth, and his hands shake as the kettle goes on. He waves a hand at the fridge, but when nothing happens, the wind goes out of him. Ben tries to look at the note and shuts his eyes. Stretching his arms out, feeling for the piece of paper, he tears it down and crumples it into a ball. He stomps on it. Kicks it in the direction of the trash can. Tiptoes around it to the bubbling kettle and winces as his messy pour splashes hot water onto his wrists. His swear summons Maz, whose hand settles on his shoulder, warm and light. The touch breaks the last thread of resistance and wetness streams down his face. Maz dabs his eyes with a neon green handkerchief. She finds the piece of paper and draws it to her with the Force, holding it in her hand like she's weighing an apple. Without flattening it out, she says, "Such anger." "It's just a note, Maz." "A single stroke of paint can reveal the mood of the artist. Why should it be different for words?" She straightens the paper. Ben snatches for it, but Maz turns and reads it out loud. "Brush your teeth, you fucking animal." It's as galling as his mother's voice. Though neither of them mince words, it's different hearing profanity written by him, towards him. "I forget to brush my teeth sometimes." "Everyone does. Hell, I don't even forget. Sometimes, I just don't." Maz folds it into quarters, creasing with her fingernails. "Why must you be so violent to yourself?" "Words aren't violent." "Well, you wouldn't call your uncle Chewie 'a fucking animal.'" He flinches and hates himself for it. "No, but what's the difference between a few words?" "Your mother would have a great deal to say about the power of a single word." She flutters the paper at him. "Show this to one of her colleagues and you might have a war on your hands." "If I can't even brush my teeth every day, how can I..." He gulps. Maz watches, waiting for Ben to finish. - - - The power went out last night. It's not fixed now, because Rey never goes into the crawlspace after sunset. She might have learned to live and work in spaces where she can barely turn, but she draws the line at rummaging around in small, dark spaces. She opens the blinds with a plastic-y clatter. Once the morning is as bright as necessary, Rey starts breakfast--not that there is much difference when she has electricity. The only thing she misses is a hot cup of tea. She assembles her cobbled assortment of tools to figure out what's wrong. The main problem is that she's on the edge of town, patched in shoddily to the main city grid--but that can hardly be helped. Someone knocks as Rey pulls on her old work outfit. She opens the door warily, preparing to lie that she's fixing her bike. Then she sighs in relief. It's just Aideen, her closest neighbour. "G'mornin', Rey honey," the old woman says, her aged voice cracked but lilting. "Aideen, let me get you some tea..." No kettle. "Um, water." "No, no, love. Just wanted to ask if your power was out again. Mine gave up the ghost a few minutes ago." "Mine's been out since last night." It probably wasn't a widespread problem, just a coincidence. Rey looks around. Unkar Plutt lives across town in a flat of his own. And he never moves around till at least afternoon. But being too careful was not a real thing. "I could take a look before I leave. I'm going to run errands in a bit so I won't be home much today." One has to to offer their firstborn child before grimy old Unkar even considers getting the electrician Teedo to look at it. Teedo is hardly competent, and Aideen is well past childbearing age. While Aideen would never accept pity, Rey feels sorry for her. The old woman smiles and opens her large, squeaky purse. "Aideen, you don't have to pay..." For one thing, Rey is not even an apprentice yet. She's studying engineering with a minor in electrician science. For another, Aideen is sixty-three, which makes Rey feel guilty about taking money from her. But instead of a wallet, Aideen takes out a jar of tomatoes, peeled, and then a small bag of pasta. Rey's mouth waters. "You're thin as a beanpole, love. These tomatoes of mine have been breeding like rabbits, and I won't starve by giving you one bag of noodles." She smiles and looks around. "'Sides, no one can argue with us girls exchanging recipes. " She winks, and Rey laughs. Aideen has a vegetable garden surrounding her whole trailer, which keeps the dim crawlspace pleasantly cool, and it also provides good cover in case Unkar is skulking about. And if Rey's position is compromised, Aideen has mastered the art of scaring the landlord away. Nothing works faster than pleading for him to fix something. Rey ties a scarf around her neck to keep out the worst of the dust, puts on the good gloves she'd scrimped for months to get, then takes a deep breath to focus herself. Something scuttles around. Rey shoos the little lizard off with a soft apology. And then she slips into her engineer's mindset. She likes fixing what breaks, or making things entirely from scratch. She put together a bike so she wouldn't have to walk everywhere. She shored up the basic little stove and put in an oven of sorts so she could bake her own bread. Rigged the fridge to become a freezer, and made one of those pot coolers so she wouldn't have to worry about all her food spoiling if the power went out. Half the things in her trailer had been thrown out by previous owners because of minor problems, which she'd fixed. She dreams of the day she gets a license so she can build her own car or a motorbike. Or both, she dares to hope. It's Niima she doesn't like. The delicate balance they have, between keeping Unkar happy and going behind his back for what really needs doing. The reason they're all here--because they can't afford anywhere else. Nobody winds up here by choice. Rey tries to be polite to wayward families who think this is a real campground. She always seems to happen on them before one of the nastier neighbours does. The less that can be said about the rich folk who try to slum it here, the better. Rey doesn't care to intervene if they get run off, though she supposes she should feel a bit bad. She brings herself back to the task at hand and finds the problem after only a few minutes of rooting around. The trailer hums to life above her after about fifteen minutes. Rey taps on the floor three times. After a moment, Aideen taps three times, the signal for 'all clear', and Rey crawls out to stand as unobtrusively as possible, pretending she was helping with the garden. A curtain flashes; Aideen waves to her from the window. Rey smiles and waves back, then scurries home before anyone else can see her. Predictably, Rey's lights are back on. Rey puts the kettle on, tears off her work clothes, and dives into the bathroom for a quick shower. The bank is in the other direction of Matt's house, and it'll be a long ride. - - - "I don't like that pill," Maz says, as they sip tea on the couch. Ben knows exactly which one she means, but Maz says it anyway. "The one that restricts your Force sense." "It keeps me safe from Snoke. Hidden. And I won't..." "What, Ben?" The answer comes out broken and whispered: "I won't be as dangerous." Maz sighs, and leads him by the wrist to the couch, their two mugs floating along behind them. His things have been whipped into organization, and the cushions have been fluffed. "That, sweetheart, is nonsense." Ben snorts. He's got Han's height and broad shoulders. His dark hair and pale skin which were beautiful on Leia when she was young, but forbidding when paired with his father's nose and jaw. People give him space even without the Force. Ben knows it and hates it. "You said I was violent," Ben tells her. "To yourself. Not others. I am twice your age and half your height, and you're more afraid of me than I am of you. You don't need that pill to keep from hurting other people." "Did my mother put you up to this?" Ben asks. "Or Luke?" They'd both clearly disliked his decision to take the Force inhibitor, though they stopped fighting after he moved to Nevada. He thinks it scared them. "No. You need to hear this from someone who isn't family." "Says the woman obsessed with my godfather," he mutters. "Excuse me?" " Says the woman obsessed with my godfather. " Maz is charmed, of course, by his lack of taste. His mother would have risen to the challenge. "Bah! I have no illusions. Chewie's a family man. I like playing with kids, not raising them. And occasionally I have to steer them back in the right direction." "I've never seen any kids at your place," Ben mutters. "Exactly." A knock at the door. Ben jumps; Maz doesn't. "Hello?" comes Rey's voice, soft and lilting. Ben refuses to look at Maz's face, though the woman must be grinning wide. "Matt? Sorry I'm late, my power went out for a bit." Notes: Hello, readers. Sorry I'm late. Almost a year late, hahahahaha. WITH A CLIFFHANGER. I've just graduated from theater school!!! And been ruined by Rogue One. As I now have time (if not money) to devote to fannish obsessions, I'm free to write fanfiction again. But I'm going to work on only one multi-chaptered fic at a time until I finish it, and then start the next. Multitasking obviously did not work. This chapter was very important to me personally; I haven't seen a lot of modern AUs deal with Rey's poverty. That's something I'm familiar with, and I REALLY wanted to explore the class difference between modern Rey and Ben.