The first thing she noticed was how hungry he had been for it, despite it all. Voraciousness seemed to be a fundamental part of his persona, a driving rod that turned him into the man he was today. He was like a child starved for his mother’s breast, crying out until he received. The little scavenger from Jakku was hardly steady enough to be a motherly figure, but when the force thrummed through her veins and overflowed her soul- she felt steady enough to be the ground for both of them. The force made her feel cocky, almost dangerous. However, in some small measure of self preservation her choices never felt as dangerous as she did in the moment she was making them. She wanted to pretend she was capable enough to handle the repercussions. Her choice was a silent fall from grace, the most dangerous of them all. She had faint memories of a wiser man telling her that the force surrounds, penetrates and binds “us all.” But why did this dark haired sprawl next to her have to be part of “us all” ? Why did he deserve it? She may not have chosen the man that lay next to her for the man he was, but rather the man he’d had the opportunity to be. That was the true tragedy that nearly had her weeping from jealousy in her weakest solitary moments. That could’ve been her- family, heroics and a legacy all in a neat bundle to be handed down to her from birth. Her life had been recently filled with men and women striving for miracles to thrust them into greatness, to heave them into heroics. They were her friends, and her greatest heroes. Why did this man who called himself Kylo Ren deviate from his birthright of the heroic knight’s tale, only to have her claim it in his stead? She moved to reach out and touch his face, especially now that she understood the seductive nature of the dark side. Perhaps she was reaching an understanding of this man, this former Ben Solo. Rey paused as she thought about it. It wasn’t really any nature of his that was particularly seductive, but rather the stark contrast from herself that excited and reflected that one common trait they seemed to hold. Impulsivity. It was impulsivity she thought, that caused her to seek him out against her wise Master’s wishes for her to gain more self control first. She knew his power was growing, and she’d originally planned to smite it. But then, perhaps it was gratuitous amounts of the trait that caused her to kiss him. She withdrew her hand, opting to use it on herself to run through her slightly oily hair as she repositioned herself. She’d only slept for an hour, but upon recalling her recent actions she no longer felt weary. ----------- The kiss on his forehead was initially meant as a taunt, she could see how much he hated to be touched. How he twitched and squirmed when she had the upper hand and drew nearer to him. She’d had him cornered, almost. After the scar, he no longer seemed to be wearing his helmet- which she had used as a taunt to lead him into the initial battle, not that the tempest needed much provocation. She asked if it helped him look a little less pathetic under that mask, or some such nonsense. She was under the powerful influence of anger in the moments leading up to it all. After the kiss to the forehead that seemed to sear him, she traced his scar down to those ridiculous full lips. This was not a face she pictured ruling the galaxy. Underneath it all, Rey had always been struck by how he looked better suited to be serving up some greasy fried Bloggins at the local cantina she only wished she could’ve visited back home. That is, had she not seemed destined to a life of servitude and isolation. It was probably these sorts of thoughts that had caused her to strike a forbidden chord with this awkward man. Rey noticed his tendency to twitch his left eye as he spoke under duress, and it was only made worse as she distressed him further. She picked up on how his gaze switched from either sinisterly dead on or fitful- especially when he was flustered as he was now. It had matched his tone, which had always been erratic. He never seemed to be able to fully commit to a particular emotion in a sentence. Each word had a different tone from the next. Ben Solo was a sad boy, he often seemed to flare up- close to breaking through the surface of this man named Kylo Ren. Rey could hear the sorrow in his undertones, like the bitter aftertaste of her portions on Jakku. She recalled the impulse to see how far she could draw Ben forward and push Ren back as she leaned ever closer to him. He didn’t yield to her by erratically fighting back with all his reserves, as he presumed she expected him to. But he clearly didn’t understand her angle either. “What are you doing?” His eyebrows raised and came together, as if he could be frightened by the meek thing. However, she already knew he was; he was afraid of what the unadulterated dissimilarity would do to him. “Wh-” Anger seemed to have left him for a moment. Only to come roaring back in the next sentence. "What are you trying to-” He made an effort to direct his confusion and conflict into anger, only to have it silenced by the softly cautious lips of the little wonder that plagued his very soul. That Rey of light. Rey never knew the smooth charm and prowess of the famed Han Solo in his youth, so she didn’t notice the large discrepancy in tact and smooth talking between father and juxtaposed son. Had she known Han Solo in his prime, she might have been disappointed in his son’s shaky attempts to calm his breathing and almost feminine attempt to brush a stray lock of dark hair away from his wild eyes after she released his lips. He looked like a thermal detonator about to discharge, fighting for words and breath. She figured rendering the Knight of Ren speechless had made him possibly more dangerous. She’d heard of his proclivity to lashing out and yelling various derivatives of the word “no”. But silent shaking was almost unheard of, minus the time she read into his deepest fears. But now that Snoke was out of his reach, he had no one to run to. She’d let him have it again. Pressing deeper into him caused him to finally surrender his mouth to hers. Han Solo probably never found himself awkwardly shaking with arousal, heart racing and breathing out of control, but perhaps this was more in Leia’s repertoire. Awkward teenaged fumblings, seemed strange on a man of at least 29 years. Had he been behind the cool façade of his beloved mask he might’ve been in better control of his turbulent emotions. Kylo Ren didn’t have lips, nor did he have any other features of a face. But Ben Solo certainly did, Rey learned. Rey felt that dangerous surge of the force flow through her and it gave her confidence. She simultaneously had no idea what she was doing, and an ingenious plan to make use of her ship’s quarters to see the full extent of how far away Ben really was. She caught glimpses of Ben as they further indulged in their impulses, but he seemed to fade in and out with the movements of Ren above her. He hadn’t wanted to say much, and that was just how she needed it to be. She still found herself surprised at the end of it all that she still didn’t know where Ben ended and Kylo Ren began. The effort of her inquisition knocked them both into slumber, dispelling her belief that Kylo Ren was an evil that never slept. ------- She’d learned the Supreme Leader’s chosen pupil and the crowing jewel in the First Order’s stolen tyrannical crown was nothing more than a man. A man whose internal battles raged so forcefully that they threatened to tear him apart from the inside out. The more time she spent in his proximity, the more she could sense the exothermic reactions inside of him that made him into the galactic terror he’d grown to be. Rey found herself to be a capable endotherm in the heat of battle and the rage of passion, absorbing his energy like the StarKiller preyed upon the red hot cores of hapless stars. Would she burn him out? She fixed her hair into her buns as she observed him further, he certainly slept like a dead star. However, perhaps the true supernova was to be reserved for the cataclysmic future.