Heavy panting filled the room and a soft, continuous ‘shlick shlick’ sound filled the air obscenely. Chains jingled before being pulled taught forcefully. The panting became harsher, came more quickly through clenched teeth. A deep, baritone groan was heard amongst the slick sounds, followed by a feminine chuckle. [Y/N]’s hand movement increased, along with the dark haired man’s noises in front of her before she abruptly stopped as she felt the appendage in her hand start to pulse and swell. Kylo Ren’s face went from immense pleasure to almost pained as he pulled at his restraints with a shout, his head thrown back. His harsh breaths filled the air, his jaw clenching and unclenching as his cock bobbed against his stomach in protest. The woman’s hand caressed his heaving chest gently before pinching a pebbled, pink nipple. Kylo Ren moaned and pushed himself forward as much as he could. The two lovers have been going at this for a full hour now. Kylo Ren sitting on a chair with his arms strained behind the back, his feet shackled and kept to his seat firmly. His body shone with a layer of sweat, his hair wet and sticking to his forehead. Between his legs was his straining, hard cock, standing up proudly with the head near purple in color. At the base a steel band was locked around it, keeping him from reaching what he desperately craved but couldn’t attain on his own. Kylo Ren groaned again as the last pleasurable and painful pangs sank away, but he by no means relaxed. He bowed his head, taking deep breaths before looking at his lover who was sitting across from him, a white, fluffy towel draped over her lap. His eyes traced up her legs which were crossed and clad in dark stockings, to her high waisted, lacy panties and bra, barely catching a hint of her outlined nipples. He didn’t see it in the dim lighting, but he knew [Y/N]’s panties were wet with arousal, could smell her feminine scent in the air. Could see her nippled peaking through her bra’s fabric. His nose flared before his flushed face tilted up slightly and his eyes locked onto her smoldering ones through strands of his hair. He made quite the sight, [Y/N] couldn’t deny. With his completely nude, pale form and red, bitten lips more pouty than usual. His beautiful cock, shiny with the lube she used and his heavy sack spilling out beneath it. She knew he could free himself and take whenever and whatever he wanted. But this was part of their 'playtime’. Their little game, see how long he could hold on before he broke and begged and she would give him his sweet release. It was an arousing experience for them both, one she came up with and he accepted more than willingly. Something they enjoyed thoroughly. Nights like these, where [Y/N] would play with and torture him for Force knows how long, were usually nights where Kylo Ren was too stressed after a week of missions and work. Too tightly wound to function properly, these nights always left him boneless, tired and satisfied. The morning after he would be in a far better mindset. [Y/N] uncrossed her legs slowly, sensually, sensing Kylo Ren’s eyes following her movements eagerly. She wiped her slick hands on the towel before leaning forward in her chair, coming almost nose to nose with her lover. “Had enough yet, my knight?” Kylo Ren’s muscles twitched before he lurched forward, taking her lips roughly, wanting to kiss and touch his woman with every fiber of his being before she pulled away with a teasing smile. His head bowed again and he growled in frustration as his cock twitched at the slight taste he got. A slender finger moved up from the base to the head of his straining cock slowly, making him hold his breath and stare at it, as if in a trance. When the hand pulled away again, his breath returned before his wide eyes came up to meet hers. His eyes were almost glassy, pleading and desperate as he looked at [Y/N]. His beautiful woman. His naughty minx. “Please-” he almost choked before swallowing and trying again, “ Please , [Y/N], let me come…” he whimpered softly. [Y/N] looked thoughtful for a moment, tapping a finger against her lips before she glanced down at the gathering pearls of pre-cum at the tip of his slit. He shook and blinked twice before he saw her nod and his body wanted to both sigh in relief and tense up more. In the end his muscles tensed up more as [Y/N]’s hand wrapped around his lubed up cock, squeezing softly before moving up with a slight twist. “You know what to do, right?” he nodded quickly, his breath uneven and shaky. With that signal [Y/N] sped up the motion, her other hand joining to caress his soft but heavy balls, massaging them gently as the other hand moved up and down his shaft. He could feel everything and after so many times knowing that this time, this time he would finally come undone was making it so much more intense. The anticipation, the sensation, the desire and lust and love pouring off of his lover and vice versa was strong in the air, almost tangible as he moaned and his knees gave knee-jerk reactions to the pleasure. He felt her fingers constrict and loosening again, twisting and twirling around his incredibly sensitive head before resuming the cycle again. His head fell back as he tried to buck his hips with a loud groan, before it snapped forward again to stare his [Y/N] in the eyes again. He loved to watch her watch him. Knew she loved it as well. The pressure welled up in his loins, going to his heavy sack in her hand and building up there. The pleasure swelled as his shaft twitched and pulsed greedily, his chest filling and swirling with the love for this woman. He nodded franticly and she smiled at him with dark eyes. “Do it.” were the only words [Y/N] spoke before he used the Force to undo the steel ring around his cock, finally allowing the pressure to erupt and continue, the pleasure overriding every sense of his as he shouted through gritted teeth, every muscle of his straining as his face twisted and morphed. [Y/N] didn’t let up and kept pumping as thick, white streams of his seed erupted from his slit, coloring his stomach and her hand and furthering the slickness as she twisted around the head of his pulsating shaft. She kept going until Kylo Ren was nearly sobbing as the pleasure didn’t let up, but continued to build until an almost painful level. His long legs tried to wiggle up and down as his muscular arms tugged at the chains holding them together viciously. His torso twisted and was heaving up and down wildly as his desperate moans and shouts came to a peak before she finally slowed down, having carried him far beyond his orgasm to another realm of pleasure. His leg still twitched up and down as she finally came to a stop and small, broken moans left him as he limply hung forward, his dark hair falling around his pale face. The knight’s cock still pulsed every now and then and his face would go from relaxed to a pleased grimace every so often. He could feel soft, delicate hands gliding over his sweat soaked body gently, bringing him back down from his high. Kylo Ren heaved a large sigh, every muscle in his body was relaxed and his mind empty and clear except for the love he felt for the woman who was gently holding him to her bosom. The chains fell to the ground with a heavy and loud noise before his feet were unbound from their restraints as well. His arms fell limply to his side for a moment before shakily coming up to rest his large hands on his lover’s back. [Y/N] slowly stood up, bringing her man with her as they slowly moved to the bed, Kylo Ren flopping down on the silky sheets with deep breaths. She stared down at him lovingly, watching his chest rise and fall, his eyes closed but his face more peaceful than it’s been all week. He needed this. This night was about him and she knew he was more than grateful, knew he would show her so in their next love-making session. But for now she grabbed a lukewarm cloth and gently swathed it over Kylo Ren’s body and shaft, cleaning him up a bit before laying down and curling up beside him. [Y/N] moved to grab the thin blankets at the feet of their bed, sliding it over them quietly before settling in again as she felt his arm settle around her back. Her head laid on Kylo Ren’s strong chest, her hand softly petting his stomach before she closed her eyes. She felt a kiss on the crown of her head and smiled, placing her lips against the chest she was resting on briefly as well before they both drifted off for the night.