"It's nothing," Finn insists, sounding petulant, even to himself. "And I'm sure you're right," Poe says patiently, "but I'd still like to check, to make sure. It knocked you down, right?" "Yeah," Finn practically groans as he tosses his bag to the floor and rolls his shoulder. Okay, it does hurt a bit. "But I got back up." "Finn," Poe says, and Finn turns to him. He's slightly out of breath, like they both are, sweat and rain having made his dark hair curl in simultaneously adorable and wildly attractive ways. He raises his eyebrows pointedly, and Finn pauses, lets out a defeated sigh. "Fine," he says, grabbing the hem of his wet shirt and pulling it over his head. Poe, visibly more relaxed, nods at him to turn around, and Finn complies, letting his friend examine his injury. He knows it can't be that bad. The two of them are on a planet he can't even remember the name of, on an actual assignment for the Resistance (General Organa said Finn should go along as a learning experience ), and they were just ambushed. They were meeting up with an informant, but were attacked just as the meeting finished up, and after fighting their way out of it, they managed to get back to their improvised hideout, out of the rain and unscathed. Well, mostly. "Yeah, it's not too bad," Poe says, almost to himself, fingers gingerly prodding the area around the wound left by what Finn is pretty sure was some kind of blaster. It hurt like a bitch when it hit, but he managed to get out of there okay, so he's not sure why Poe is so concerned. "Should be fine for now, we'll have them take a look at it when we get back to base." Finn rolls his eyes. "Told you," he says. "I've had worse." He doesn't need to elaborate; besides the obvious, gaping wound he received during his fight with Kylo Ren, he got used to taking a beating when he was still with the First Order. Poe scoffs, but it sounds more like an amused huff. "Quite the specimen, aren't you?" he says, a joking edge to his voice, but Finn can discern the serious tone underneath. This cocky pilot isn't as good at hiding these things as he likes to think, and it's not the first time Finn has noticed him express himself in a way that straddles the line between friendly and something else. He was pretty clueless about it for a long time, sure, but he's beginning to catch on. "What can I say?" Finn replies, his own voice steadier than he expects, not betraying the way little jolts jump across his skin as it makes contact with Poe's fingers, which have now drifted away from the small wound near his right shoulder. This new touch is a little hesitant, but determined. "The First Order knows its shit." Poe hums in assent. "That it does," he murmurs. His hand slowly trails down along Finn's spine, exploring, a little bolder now, tracing the outline of the ugly, jagged scar that marks his body. Finn knows it's ugly; he's seen it in the mirror, and he's seen the slightly horrified looks on others' faces as they've laid their eyes on it, be it in the infirmary or while training, whenever his shirt has come off. It shouldn't make him uncomfortable, and it doesn't, not really. It's just strange to be looked at like that, both with sympathy and admiration. Sympathy because of what he went through to get the scar, and admiration because of why he went through it in the first place. War wound , Poe gleefully described it when Finn woke up after his coma. Finn must admit that it made it sound a lot better and more interesting than it was, which he suspects is why Poe said it at all. Finn's small excuse for this fresher wound needs no more attention at the moment, but Poe still doesn't step away. Instead, Finn feels his other hand tentatively touch his skin as well, as though unsure, waiting for permission. Finn gives it with his silence, with the way his shoulders relax just the slightest bit. Poe notices. He notices, that much Finn can tell by the way his touch becomes more sure, just a little firmer, his palms now sliding up to his shoulder blades. Finn swallows dryly, eyelids fluttering. It's an embarrassing reaction, and he kicks himself for it the moment it happens. If Poe notices that too, he says nothing about it. It's not that Finn doesn't recognize this feeling, this heat spreading across his skin, Poe's fingers leaving heated trails in their wake. He has felt attraction before, the kind that creates a strange heat in his gut, affecting the rest of his body until it becomes impossible to ignore―he knows it. But he hasn't cared much when it has happened, hasn't really cared the few times he has managed to indulge in it with someone else―someone else, meaning a fellow stormtrooper. He remembers the physical pleasure, sure, but that's it. There was never anything special there, nothing personal. What he's feeling right now, however, what Poe makes him feel―that is personal. Intensely personal. Poe's hands slide further up his back, up to his shoulders, down along his arms, carefully avoiding the wound, and Finn feels his muscles involuntarily tense. It's more than attraction, more than physical; he actually cares about Poe, cares so much it's scary, and he somehow knows it's mutual. He has been thinking about it for a while, been wondering about it for a long time now, but rationally, it's becoming very difficult to see Poe's behavior any other way. Because friends don't do this, do they? Finn has never had actual friends, not before Poe and Rey, but he's pretty sure they don't do this. He's pretty sure they don't slowly touch each other's skin and trace the outlines like it's the most fascinating thing in the galaxy, inhaling deeply, slowly, hoping the other doesn't hear. "You should still be careful, though," Poe says, after what feels like several minutes of loaded silence. His voice is a little hoarse, soft, as though he wasn't expecting to say it out loud. Finn ignores the brief press of Poe's fingers against the base of his neck, as best he can. "Look who's talking," he says, the retort automatic, and Poe huffs a laugh. It's low and warm, and it does strange things to Finn's head. "Yeah," Poe says. He lingers for another moment, before letting out a slow exhale. Finn can feel his breath against his back, right between his shoulder blades, and it hits him just how close Poe is, so close. He closes his eyes. He should be ashamed, or at least embarrassed, when he suddenly feels that strange heat spread downward through his body, making him hard, but he isn't. He just wants Poe to move in even closer, to move his hands forward and further down― "Should get some sleep." Poe sounds oddly tired as he says it, reluctant, hands still resting against Finn's bare, muscled back. "Gotta get out of here at dawn." Finn swallows hard, opens his eyes. He nods by a fraction. "Yeah," he says. It's the only word he can really muster, right now. Poe seems to hesitate for the briefest moment, before he runs his palms down along Finn's back, his sides, all the way down to his hips. Then, just like that, his hands are gone, and Finn remains perfectly still as he hears Poe turn around and walk away. Finn takes a deep, shuddering breath, willing himself to calm down and not do anything stupid, before he picks up his shirt and puts it back on. Notes: Visit me on tumblr Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the Stormpilot drabbles series