"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Finn chants, a high and shuddering prayer, his knees hoisted back, his fingers curled into the crook of his thighs, opening himself up -- presenting and all Poe can think is he's mine he is all mine . "You fuck me right now, I want you so much, I want your cock in me, I want you to take me, have me, come in me -- I want to taste your cock I want you to fuck me until I can't walk ." The first time Poe got Finn into bed, he was shocked by the litany of filth that spilled from his lover's sweet, soft mouth. "You're a virgin," he'd said. "Where do you even hear about this stuff?" "I have thoughts ," said Finn."I'm not a robot . And I like to tell you what I'm thinking." Anyway. That was a month or so ago -- Poe's used to it now, and he adores it . He adores how Finn will keep chattering away, his voice getting strained and tight, sputtering into incoherence, building to a sharp cry, cresting, and continuing on. He loves how Finn will tell him exactly what to do, how Finn will keep a running commentary going on how good it all feels. Finn will even keep talking when Poe's cock is in his mouth, mumbling things along the lines of tastes so good and gonna make me gag you're so big . Poe's three fingers deep inside Finn's arse. He pulls them free with an obscene, wet slurp. Finn gasps, "Yes, yes, yes put your cock in me fuck me --" Poe nudges the head of his cock against Finn's rim. The boy's wet and slick and open, but deliciously tight as Poe starts to nudge home. "You feel amazing . You feel perfect . I love you. I love you so much, I love you so much . Please don't ever stop fucking me, don't -- don't stop --" and Poe doesn't stop, can't stop. He sinks in, sinks home , and Finn is wet and warm and wonderful around him, fever hot clutch of skin and slick. "Oh, you're wonderful. You feel so good." "You're so tight," Poe says. He was never one to chatter in bed before he met Finn. Now, he's learning to maintain a monologue with the best of them. "You're so tight and pretty and perfect. You open up for me so beautifully. I could spend all night inside you. I want to spend all night inside you. You're...perfect." Okay, yes, it isn't the most sophisticated dirty talk in the world-- but no man in the world could keep a concise tongue in his mouth when balls-deep in Finn's furnace-hot arse. "Love you," he says, rocking in deeper, pressing open-mouthed sloppy kisses to the curve of Finn's neck. Finn shoves up against him. "Want you to come," he says. "Want you to come for me, come inside me, fill me up, want you -- " His voice is bare with need, shuddering with hunger, hitching and tripping over the syllables. He's broken up, broken because of Poe's cock and Poe's tongue and the desperate, needy little twitch to Finn's voice is enough to split Poe open -- he sees white stars and black lightning as he comes, the world narrowing to this moment, this very moment, this only moment that matters. He reaches for Finn's cock, but Finn's already come. "Came from your cock in me," he coos. He sags onto the bed and Poe collapses on top of him, lapping the sweat off Finn's collarbone. "Gorgeous," he says. "Perfect, filthy-mouthed angel ." Finn hums happily. The only time he doesn't speak is afterwards , when he's so tired he can barely haul himself into a curl of warm body around Poe. He falls into blessed. silent slumber. Poe kisses his temple again. "Beautiful boy," he coos. "Sod off. m'trying to sleep. Don't you ever stop talking?" " Hypocrite ."