Prologue When Rey dreams, it's always the same ones. Most of the time it's the ocean, and an island in the centre of it. In that dream she's flying above it all, or standing on the shoreline. She can feel the wind on her face and smell the salt in the water. Sometimes she dreams of a temple in a forest, with trees surrounding it that are so tall they seem to go on forever. She runs through trees being chased by a small boy that is older than her, a boy she knows very well. She can never see his face. Her favourite dream, however, is the one of her family. Her fathers. She's young in the dream, her viewpoint is always near the ground. The room she's playing in is a sitting room in a set of living quarters, but the only detail she can ever remember clearly is the furry rug. Daddy doesn't like the cold. She looks up from her dolls as the door opens and a man with dark hair comes in. 'Papa!' Rey runs to the man, who scoops her up and swings her high into the air. She laughs, and he laughs with her. 'There's my little ray of sunshine.' He kisses her on each cheek and then on the forhead. 'Where's Daddy?' She points the direction and her Papa carries her out onto the balcony. It's big and overlooks a city. The sun is setting, bathing everything in an orange glow. Her Papa calls her Daddy's name, but she can never remember it. In the corner there is a man with blonde hair sitting with his back to them. He turns around and smiles at Rey and her Papa. 'I thought you weren't coming back till next week.' Daddy approaches and wraps Papa, and Rey, into his arms. Daddy kisses Papa on the lips then kisses Rey on the head so she won't feel left out. He looks at her, and his eyes are blue, and kind, and so full of love for Rey and Papa. Rey loves and hates that dream in equal measure. She loves how warm she feels after a cold desert night when she wake sup from it, loves the feeling of being home, safe, protected. Then she remembers that she's not there anymore, that she's alone. But they'll come back, she tells herself again and again. They will come back and then she won't have to dream that feeling, it will be right there. They will come back. Her Papa with the deep laugh and her Daddy with the kind eyes. She never expected to see those eyes in the face of exiled Jedi Luke Skywalker. Chapter 2 : Chapter 1 Summary: Leia tells Wedge about Rey, and Rey has some questions for Luke. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) General Leia Organa studied around her as various lifeforms and droids were unpacking in their new base. Even though the destruction of Starkiller Base had been a blow to the First Order, they still knew where the Resistance was operating from, and that was a danger to them all. She looked out of the main hanger and over the grasslands of Dantooine. It was a bright summer day and in the distance she could hear animals, kath hounds probably. The irony of taking refuge on the planet she had attempted to give up to Grand Moff Tarkin all those years ago was not lost on her. Out of the corner of her eye she saw a familiar pilot, with an equally familiar droid, approaching. ‘General.’ Poe’s salute was casual and a little lazy, but Leia knew how much respect he had for her. She couldn’t expect someone she’d known as a toddler to stand on formality too much anyway. ‘Poe, how is everything going in the East sector?’ ‘Well the living quarters are finished. Apparently there were some problems setting up the databases, but the technicians are on it. Med Centre is operational and all the long term patients are settled in.’ ‘How is he?’ Leia didn’t need to specify, Poe knew who she meant. A slight blush crept along the pilot’s cheeks. ‘Finn is doing good. Still hasn’t woken up but they tell me it’ll happen when he’s ready.’ Leia nodded. ‘That’s how it is, I’m afraid.’ ‘How are you doing, General?’ ‘I’ll be better when we’ve got everything operational here.’ ‘General?’ Poe and Leia turned to see one of the communication aides, a young Twi’lek named Kuldes Rah, approaching. ‘Yes?’ ‘We’ve just received word that Admiral Antilles is approaching and heading for Hanger 4.’ ‘Thank you; I’ll go meet him myself.’ She dismissed the aide and turned to Poe. ‘Once you’re squad is ready I want a quick patrol of the system. Then get some sleep, and I don’t mean on the floor of the med centre. Dr. Kalonia has been giving me an earful every time she sees me about you disrupting her doctors and tripping them up.’ BB-8 chirped their agreement. Poe nodded, wry smile on his face. ‘Understood General.’ By the time Leia made her way to Hanger 4 Wedge was already disembarking his shuttle. He always grouched about flying in anything other than an X-Wing. Leia waved. ‘Wedge.’ She embraced the man that once upon a time she called her brother in law. Was he still her brother in law when his husband had disappeared off the face of the galaxy for fifteen years? Sometimes Leia thought her life resembled a bad holodrama. ‘Leia, I came as soon as I could.’ Wedge had been meeting with some of the Resistance’s allies on Naboo. ‘I’m so sorry about Han.’ ‘Thank you.’ ‘What happened?’ Leia sighed. ‘It’s a long story, and there’s something I need to tell you Wedge. We found the map to Luke.’ Wedge looked down. They hadn’t talked about Luke much, about what had happened after Ben had turned to the dark side and the massacre of the Jedi apprentices. One minute Luke was there and then next he was gone without any real explanation. He hadn’t even said goodbye. ‘Right. Well hopefully you’ll be able to talk some sense into him. When are you leaving to find him?’ ‘I’m not, we already sent someone, a girl who helped us retrieve the map.’ ‘Are you sure that’s a good idea, what makes you think she’d be able to convince Luke?’ Leia took a deep breath, it was now or never. ‘Wedge, it’s Rey. She’s alive.’ Wedge looked as if he’d just been punched in the face. ‘I....I think you’d better start at the beginning.’ Rey was frozen as she stood there, arm still held out with the lightsaber. Luke Skywalker, her father , just stared at her, maybe waiting to see what she would do next. ‘It’s you.’ Rey’s tongue felt like it’s ten times its normal size and she was surprised that she could actually even talk. Luke approached her and gently took the lightsaber from her grip. ‘It’s me,’ he says softly, looking down now at the weapon. ‘And it’s you.’ Rey nods, only vaguely aware of what she’d doing. Neither says anything for a while, the only noise being the roaring waves far below them. ‘Is this real?’ Rey says at last. ‘Is this really happening?’ Her voice breaks a little. She doesn’t want this to be another dream. Luke meets her eyes and carefully, hesitantly, reaches out and places his hand, the flesh and bone one, on her cheek. ‘This is real Rey.’ Hearing her father say her name almost breaks her. ‘Why?’ It was the only thing she could think of saying. ‘I thought you were dead.’ ‘What?’ ‘I think maybe we should go inside, call Chewie and Artoo up.’ She didn’t ask how he knew they were with her. ‘Conversations like this should happen over dinner.’ ‘Dinner?’ A part of Rey’s mind despaired at her completely broken communication skills. ‘Yes, dinner.’ A small smile tugged at the edge of Luke’s lips. ‘For the Jedi it is time to eat as well.’ It sounded familiar to Rey, a half remembered fragment that she might have heard a long time ago, but she wasn’t sure. It was the sight of something in her face that makes Luke’s smile drop. Then he turned and gestured for her to follow. After meeting with the others, and Luke received a bone crunching hug from Chewbacca, the group made their way into a small cave system. ‘It was built millennia ago, possibly even before the Republic was founded.’ Luke explained as he led them. ‘The first Jedi trained here, and studied the Force in its purest form.’ The chamber they stopped in was huge, with a domed roof that had small gaps to let in sunlight. All around them on the walls and the ceiling were beautiful and intricate paintings, the colours still vibrant despite their age. ‘The mural is meant to represent the Force. As the sun moves and the light changes so the shadows, which represent the dark side, move through the painting to represent the ever moving and changing nature of the Force.’ ‘But why would Jedi build something representing the dark side?’ Rey wondered as she gazed at one part of the wall in particular that appeared to show figures wielding lightsabers. ‘I have a theory,’ explained Luke, ‘that the earliest students of the Force didn’t see a strict difference between the light side and the dark side, Jedi or Sith. That the Force was simply the Force and it was the individual that determined their destiny, good or evil.’ Rey nodded, although she wasn’t entirely sure that she understood. In the centre of the room was a makeshift camp around a central ancient fire pit that was circled by stone benches. Something bubbled and cooked in a metal pot on the fire. It turned out to be fish stew and there was a kind of grainy bread to go with it, and it was actually pretty good. Rey had to restrain herself from eating it too quickly. During her time on the Resistance base Poe had reassured her that she didn’t need to eat everything before someone took it away from her. The kind and easy going pilot had eaten every meal with her when the two weren’t sitting with BB-8 at Finn’s bedside. After she had eaten her fill Rey put her bowl aside. ‘Why did you think I was dead?’ Luke paused for several moments, as if unsure how to begin. ‘When Ben Solo came to train with me at the new Jedi Temple, there was great connection to the Force within him. I saw in him the same power and potential that Obi-Wan Kenobi described to me about my father, Anakin Skywalker. But Snoke saw the same, and had been lurking in the shadows for all of Ben’s life, whispering and waiting. By the time I realised what was happening it was too late, and Ben turned on us and led a group to kill the other apprentices. Ben had become-’ ‘-Kylo Ren,’ Rey finished. Luke nodded. ‘It was in the middle of a storm. I told one of the older apprentices to find you and get you off planet. When everything was over we found him dead and you gone. I couldn’t feel you in the Force anymore.’ Rey swallowed. She replayed the memory she had seen in the vision at Maz’s temple. Now she could see him, could feel his gentle hands on her head. ‘I’m sorry Rey, but it’s better this way.’ Then there was the unmistakeable feeling of the Force, and then the man who was really more of a boy walked away. ‘Come back!’ She screamed. ‘Don’t go! Ben!’ Rey felt herself come back to the present with a jolt, and the tears running down her cheeks. ‘Ben. It was Ben. He took me to Jakku and left me there.’ Luke looked up sharply. ‘What?’ ‘Ben, Kylo Ren, he’s the one who took me to Jakku and he....did something, to hide me and to make me forget. Why would he do that?’ ‘Maybe he intended to come back when you were older and train you as a Knight of Ren, or it was another act intended to hurt me, or maybe,’ he looked into Rey’s eyes, holding his gaze steady, ‘maybe after all that bloodshed he just couldn’t bear to kill his little cousin. The last deed of Ben Solo before he truly became Kylo Ren.’ Rey wiped at the tears on her face uselessly. Chewbacca gave a small mournful whimper. ‘What happened then? To you and.......and Papa?’ Luke’s face twisted in pain. ‘Wedge.....after everything that happened I couldn’t face him and I ran, leaving the map for Leia to find if the situation ever became dire enough.’ ‘I didn’t think Jedi were cowards.’ It comes out harsh, and she regrets the words as soon as they leave her mouth. Luke didn’t say anything for a while, turning back to the fire and throw a few more logs onto it. ‘No.’ He says it so softly that Rey can barely hear him. ‘No they’re not.’ ‘Do I have a mother?’ In all of her dreams and half memories now resurfacing, she couldn’t recall seeing any woman in their family. ‘Wedge’s sister was a surrogate for us. She had two children and wanted to help her brother have a family of his own. We were even thinking.....’ He smiled briefly at some memory before shaking his head as if to clear it and standing. ‘I know you have a lot of questions, but they will have to wait a little longer.’ Rey leapt up from her seat. ‘What? No! We have to take you back to the Resistance. Leia, everyone, they need you.’ ‘I’m not so certain about that. You’ll probably be more comfortable sleeping on the Falcon, but come back here in the morning and we’ll talk some more.’ And with that Luke walked out of one of the chambers exits and into the darkness. Rey went to follow but a furry hand held her back. She looked and Chewbacca shook his head, growling. ‘But we came here to find him and bring him back Chewie. I need his help to understand the Force.’ Chewbacca nodded and pulled her into a gentle hug. He hooted and cooed as she buried her face into his fur. ‘Thank you. Will you tell me about them? My parents?’ Chewie sat Rey down next to him and told her all he could about the Jedi and the pilot who fell in love. He told her stories until the fire died down and they went back to the Falcon to sleep, Artoo staying behind to wait for Luke there. That night Rey dreamed again, this time of lullabies and games, laughing and clapping as her Daddy made things float for her, and a solemn promise whispered to her as she lay in her bed. ‘I will never let anything hurt you Rey, I promise you.’ Notes: This ended up a lot more talky than intended. I did consider translating what Chewbacca was saying but I wasn't sure. NEXT TIME: Luke gets some helpful(?) advice, Rey gets Jedi training and someone really isn't happy with Luke's life choices (no prizes for guessing who). Thanks for reading, I'm glad people are enjoying this. Comments are always appreciated. Chapter 3 : Chapter 2 Summary: Luke wonders if he can go back with Rey, Finn wakes up, and then Luke makes a decision. Yes I KNOW that last time I said this chapter would have Jedi training and stuff, but it went in a differnt direction, but look, I added some fluff! So we cool, right? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Luke descended the stairs deeper and deeper into the heart of the old temple. There was no light, but through the Force and years of familiarity he knew his way. The cavern he stopped in was a large natural hollow in the rock. Within were thousands of light emitting crystals that made the chamber as bright as daylight. Luke had noticed over the years that the light seemed to be in tune with his emotions whenever he came down here to meditate. When he was at peace the light was clear, but in that moment they were a strange violet colour. He sighed. ‘That could have gone better.’ ‘Could have also gone a lot worse too.’ Luke turned to the spirit standing behind him. A young man with long wild hair, a slight scar over one eye, and a playful smile on his lips. ‘Father. It’s been a while.’ Anakin leaned against one of the boulders. ‘I was trying to reach Ben again,’ he said sadly. ‘He still can’t hear you?’ ‘No. I think that Snoke is shielding him from me somehow. I can see him, stand next to him, but he can never hear me no matter how much I try.’ The expression on the Force spirit’s face was one of anguish and frustration. ‘To hear him talking about Vader, about me, asking to show him the darkness....... I have to keep trying to reach him.’ ‘Stubbornness is a quality strong in the Skywalker line.’ Both father and son turned to see the form of Obi-Wan Kenobi. By now Luke was fairly used to seeing the ghosts of long gone knights and masters. Most barely interacted with him, but a handful always seemed happy to turn up to give Luke advice, whether he wanted it or not. At least Qui-Gon Jinn hadn’t turned up yet. Or Yoda, that was always fun. ‘I will forever maintain that Luke and Leia get as much of it from Padme as they do me.’ ‘Did you know that Rey was alive?’ Luke’s bluntness causes the two spirits to startle slightly. ‘No,’ Obi-Wan says after a moment, ‘we did not. She was as hidden from us in the Force just as much as she was from you.’ Anakin nodded. ‘If we had known we would have told you, Luke.’ Luke didn’t answer, instead running his left hand over one of the cave walls. At his touch the crystals flickered and glowed with a pale green light before fading back into the violet. ‘How can I go back now after abandoning her, abandoning everyone?’ ‘It won’t be easy,’ said Obi-Wan. ‘But your path has never been an easy one.’ Luke scoffed. ‘I’m well aware of that.’ ‘But you need to go back,’ presses Anakin. ‘Rey needs to learn the ways of the Force. You felt how strong she is, how naturally it comes to her.’ He gestures to the lightsaber clipped to Luke’s belt, hanging next to Luke’s own one. ‘It came to her for a reason, this was meant to happen.’ ‘If you don’t protect her now, there’s no telling what Snoke might try and do to claim her as he did Ben.’ Luke flinched. Ben was his greatest student and his greatest failure, a failure that had cost him his family. ‘I won’t let that happen.’ ‘Then you’ll go back,’ Anakin says as if it’s the simplest thing in the world. ‘You’ve been out of the galaxy too long, son.’ It was true, Luke knew it was true, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t mildly terrified by the idea. ‘How can I trust my judgement to know the right thing to do?’ ‘If you can’t trust yourself, trust in the Force. We will be right there with you.’ Obi-Wan began to fade, as did Anakin. Soon Luke was alone once more. The silence was both a comfort and a roaring wall around him. He sank onto the floor in meditation position and opened himself to the Force. He could see Rey’s struggle, what she had gone through to get here. The years surviving on Jakku, but only just. He could feel her pain and fear at seeing Han’s death, a pain that had brought him to his knees when he felt it happen, her anger at Kylo Ren hurting her friend, and the tidal wave of the Force that had flown through her as she claimed her grandfather’s lightsaber to fight. She truly was a natural. However there was still so much she had to learn. He reached out to her now. She was sleeping; her dreams were of happier times, of the promise he would whisper at her bedside. A promise he had now broken. Whatever Ben had done to her memories was wearing off and details of her life with him and Wedge were trickling through. Wedge. Fifteen years had done nothing to ease the strength of those feelings. He still loved Wedge with all his heart. His husband was alive, Luke knew that, but what he would think or say to Luke coming back? No, he needed to focus, calm his mind like Obi-Wan and Yoda told him. Calm his mind. By the time sunrise dawned the light of the crystal cave had settled on a cool, clear white. The first thing that Finn was aware of as he opened his eyes was the beeping of his heart monitor. The next was a familiar curly haired pilot sitting in the chair next to his bed. Poe was asleep, curled up in the chair with his arms folded. He was dreaming, judging by the flickering under his eyelids and the smile on his lips. Finn couldn’t help thinking about how handsome he looked. Finn looked to the other side, half expecting to see Rey there. She wasn’t. However there was a certain orange and white droid. ‘Hey BB-8.’ His throat felt worse than when he’d been on Jakku. The droid chirped and squeaked happily, wobbling back and forth in their excitement. The noise stirred the sleeping Poe, who blinked, confused at where he was until his eyes focused on Finn. ‘Buddy, you’re awake!’ It was entirely possible that if the med team examined Finn’s vitals on the system they’d find that at the exact moment Poe Dameron smiled at him, Finn’s heart skipped a beat. ‘Poe? Where am I? What happened on Starkiller? Is Rey okay?’ Finn’s stream of questions was cut off but a sudden coughing fit. Poe eased him into a sitting position and pressed a cup of cool water that was on Finn’s bedside between Finn’s lips. Finn gulped it down gladly. ‘Easy there Finn, you’ve been asleep for a while.’ When Finn had drunk enough he placed the cup back on the table. ‘Now, to answer your questions in order: yes, I’m Poe, you are in the medical facility in the new Resistance base on Dantooine, what happened on Starkiller base is we won, and Rey is fine. She kicked Kylo Ren’s crazy ass and now the General sent her off to bring back Luke Skywalker.’ ‘Wow.’ So he’d missed a lot then. ‘How long have I been out?’ ‘About a week and a half. Rey left about four days ago and as soon as she left we mobilised the base to move it here. Your back was burned pretty badly, but they fixed you up good. Ren missed anything vital, but you’re still gonna be in here for a few days and maybe some sessions of physical therapy.’ Finn gave an experimental shift. His back wasn’t painful exactly, they probably had him on some kind of cocktail of medication for that anyway. Poe rested his hand lightly on Finn’s shoulder. ‘How are you feeling?’ ‘Sore,’ Finn admitted, ‘and a little stiff.’ Poe nodded. ‘That’s only natural.’ A low gurgle came from the direction of Finn’s stomach, causing the man to look down sheepishly. Poe chuckled. ‘That’s natural too. I’ll ask the doctor’s if it’s okay for you to eat and get you something from the mess hall.’ He stood up and stretched, giving Finn’s shoulder a gentle squeeze before making his way to the door. ‘BB-8 keep watch until I get back, okay?’ BB-8 gave a whistle that Finn could only assume was an affirmative answer, and began pacing back and forth on the floor at the foot of Finn’s bed. Apparently they were taking the “keep watch” request very seriously. Poe laughed, shaking his head at his droid’s antics. He caught Finn’s eye and smiled, and Finn was certain he could hear the heart monitor stalling for a second this time. ‘I’m glad you’re back, Finn.’ With one more small smile Poe turned and left. Finn lay back against the bed, watching BB-8 roll back and forth. Somewhere between the drugs and the gentle rhythm of BB-8’s movements, Finn was lulled back into a peaceful sleep. Rey found Luke at the same spot she had the day before; standing on the cliff and looking out at the sea. The only difference was that this time Artoo was with him. Before she had a chance to say anything he turned to face her. ‘I’ll come with you back to the Resistance.’ Rey blinked in surprise, she had been certain that she would have to argue and convince him. ‘You will?’ Luke nodded. ‘Yes, but not yet though. I want us to stay here for another week.’ ‘Why?’ Luke gestured to the ruins around them. ‘This place is strong in the Force. If I’m going to train you as a Jedi there is no better place to start.’ He unclipped the lightsaber she had given him yesterday and held it out to her. ‘This was mine and your grandfather’s. In time you’ll learn to build your own, but for now it’s only right that you have it.’ Rey’s face lit up. She took the lightsaber and then, somewhat hesitantly, stepped forward and wrapped her arms around Luke. The Jedi was startled for a moment, and then returned the embrace, holding his daughter for the first time in what felt like a lifetime. ‘Thank you, father.’ Notes: Yeah, that's the other reason no Jedi training montage in this chapter; that felt like the best moment to end it. Fun fact: Originally Luke was suuuper bitter in this conversation with Anakin and Obi-Wan, but it didn't feel right. NEXT TIME: Jedi training (I swear this time), Poe and Finn talk about Rey with Leia and Wedge, and Rey and Luke come back to base. Chapter 4 : Chapter 3 Summary: Rey starts her Jedi training, Finn and Poe have some awkwardness, and there are some happy (?) reuninons. Notes: Hello my dears. I am so sorry for how long I've been away from this story. I'm afraid I fell into the Kylux trash compactor and it wouldn't let me leave for a little while. But I do have this extra long chapter to make up for it. Hope you enjoy. So far Jedi training had mainly consisted of running laps around the island, handstands, and meditating. Lots and lots of meditating. She hadn’t even touched her grandfather’s lightsaber, her lightsaber, since her father had handed it back to her. ‘That can wait,’ he had told her. ‘First we need to train your connection to the Force, let it come to you when you need it. There’s more to being a Jedi than fighting.’ He had been right. With every session of meditation Rey could feel that connection, that envelopment of light, easier and easier. After a couple of days she was able to levitate one of the boulders on the shoreline of the island. She had squealed in surprise and promptly dropped it, causing an exasperated sigh from Luke and a whooping laugh from Chewbacca. She and Luke had also had more opportunities to talk. She had told him about everything that happened to her, about Finn and BB-8 and Poe. He in turn told her about his own adventures, about growing up on Tattooine, meeting Han and Leia, the Death Star, Darth Vader. ‘But he could have killed you at any moment, you could have gone to the dark side, how did you know that you could redeem him?’ They were sitting around the fire pit, alone this time. Chewie was back in the Falcon, making some updates to the gun targeting system that he and Rey had worked out. Luke shrugged. ‘To be honest, I didn’t. But I felt that I had to try, I had to believe that the man who was my father was in there somewhere.’ Rey nodded, looking down at her food. It was a roasted bird; one of many that Luke said was on this planet. ‘What about Ben?’ she asked suddenly. ‘Ben...’ Luke sighed, running a hand over his beard. ‘I was a fool with Ben. I was blind to what he was going through. I want to believe that he can be brought back, but after what happened with Han...’ ‘Leia believes he can be saved.’ ‘What about you?’ He had that look on his face again, as if he were watching for something in how she answered. He did that often. Rey had decided that it must be one of those Jedi things. Rey thought it over. ‘I called him a monster when I faced him on Starkiller. He killed Han, nearly killed Finn, he tortured Poe.’ She was hit by a pang of longing for her friends. ‘But he also saved me when I was younger. And Leia wants to try and bring him back to the light side. I think........that we have to try, don’t we?’ Luke smiled and nodded, passing her another portion of meat. Rey sat in front of the long-range communication module, looking at the small hologram of Poe Dameron. ‘How’s Finn doing?’ ‘He’s great,’ even via hologram Poe exuded happiness as he said it. ‘Hates being stuck in a bed, of course, but they think that he’s gonna make a full recovery. I’ve been introducing him to some of the reading material he missed out on growing up in the First Order. Turns out he’s got a real taste for Corellian epic sagas.’ Rey fidgeted and played with a stray wire on the console. ‘I just wish I could have waited for him to wake up.’ ‘It’s not your fault, you had something to do. We’re gonna need Master Skywalker if what the General says is right, which it usually is. How’s it going, by the way?’ Rey fidgeted even more. She wanted to tell Poe, but she’d prefer to do it in person, so that he and Finn knew at the same time. It was important to her that they knew. She tried not to examine that feeling too closely. ‘It’s going fine, actually. He wants to train me here for a few more days and then we’ll be coming back.’ ‘That’s great. I’ll send a coded comm with the new base location, can’t be too careful.’ Rey nodded. ‘I’d better be getting back, I’ll see you soon Poe.’ ‘Can’t wait, buddy.’ Poe winked before flickering out of existence. Rey couldn’t help the smile that spread across her lips as she leaned back in the chair. Poe really was wonderful. Even in the short space of time she’d known him on the base he’d done everything to make her feel comfortable, talking to her as they sat with Finn, even letting her look at his X-Wing up close. The two had immediately gotten into a good natured argument about Black One’s thrusters, Rey insisting that they could be optimised if he only re-routed the central conductor line. He was also very handsome, Rey thought, blushing. She hadn’t exactly had many opportunities to meet people on Jakku, and now meeting Finn and Poe had been so wonderful, she wasn’t sure what to think. Poe watched the grimace on Finn’s face as he took another step. ‘Just a few more, Finn, you’re going great.’ Finn grunted. ‘Sure doesn’t feel like it.’ He stepped and stepped and then stumbled, almost colliding with Poe. The older man held him steady, and Poe was suddenly aware that their faces were very, very, close. ‘I, uh, hey.’ Finn manages at last. ‘Hey.’ Poe mentally kicked himself, he was better at talking to people than this, dammit, but Finn was looking at him with those big pretty eyes, and he just.... Thankfully Poe was saved from anymore embarrassment by the arrival of General Organa. They pulled apart, but Poe kept a hand on Finn’s shoulder in case of over-balancing. ‘General.’ ‘Poe. Finn, it’s good to see you out of bed.’ ‘Thank you, General. I’m eager to get back to being operational.’ Poe frowned at that. Sometimes, usually when he was tired, Finn would talk like a Stormtrooper. Dr Kalonia said it might be the shock, a delayed mental reaction to his defection. You couldn’t live in that kind of structure for that long without there being some kind of long-term effect. Leia shook her head. ‘You take as much time as you need. When you’re fully healed we can see about where you want to work if you want to join us; but you are under no obligation, you’ve done more than enough for the Resistance already.’ ‘No, I don’t want to run anymore.’ Finn shifted his weight slightly against Poe. Leia nodded, one of those enigmatic smiles on her face that Poe had come to recognise over the years. ‘I’m glad to hear it. But you must be tired, and it’d be better for us to have this conversation sitting down.’ Poe helped Finn get into a nearby chair, and then grabbed another for Leia. She nodded in thanks and sat. ‘We’re going to need one more.’ Poe glanced up towards the doorway, finally noticing who was standing there. Poe immediately straightened to attention and a quick salute. ‘Admiral Antilles, sir.’ Behind him Finn threw a slightly bewildered look towards Leia. He’d never seen Poe look so.....formal before. ‘At ease, Dameron. This isn’t a briefing.’ Wedge got his own chair and sat down. After several more Poe-flustered moments, they were all settled. Poe caught Finn’s amused smile and gently nudged him with his shoulder in retaliation. ‘Leia’s told me a lot about you, Finn,’ Wedge began. He was rubbing his hands together nervously and struggling to meet Finn’s eyes, very different to the Admiral Poe was used to. ‘And I was hoping you, both of you,’ his eyes flickered briefly to Poe, ‘could tell me a little about the events leading up to Starkiller Base. Particularly about the girl you met on Jakku.’ ‘Rey?’ Finn and Poe exchanged a look; one of equal confusion and a slight ghost of worry. ‘I mean, yeah. What do you want to know?’ ‘Anything you can tell me.’ Poe leaned forward slightly. There was definitely something worrying Wedge, but what did that have to do with Rey? ‘What’s this about, sir?’ ‘I don’t want to say, not just yet, or at least not before I get a chance to talk to her myself.’ Poe really wanted to pry more, and from a quick glance to his side he knew that Finn felt the same, but there was something so broken and desperate in the Admiral’s face. He nodded. ‘Alright, we’ll tell you what we can. It all started when me and BB-8 were sent to retrieve the map to Master Skywalker....’ The darkness was solid around her and the wall icy cold under her fingertips. Rey breathed in and out slowly, reminding herself to remain calm. She turned right, then another right, then a left. She paused, had she already come this way? Panic threatened to leap up in her chest and she stumbled on a loose stone. ‘Focus.’ It had been her only instruction after her father had led her down here blindfolded. He’d told her to wait for five minutes to remove it after he’d gone. She was meant to find her way out by letting the Force guide her. But instead it seemed like she was just running round and round in circles in the dark. She stopped, shaking her head to clear it slightly. Raising her hands she reached out with that indescribable extra sense that she had been developing over the week. Rey felt her shoulders dip as she relaxed, exhaling softly. She could sense......something. It wasn’t Luke, but it felt familiar, good; it was like a small beacon calling to her. Rey stepped forward, her steps gaining more surety with each movement. Forward, left, left, forward, right, left. Rey She spun round, almost expecting to see someone, but of course there was just darkness. You’re doing well, Rey. Just keep going. Rey nodded, and then continued on, knowing where each and every turn and dip was on instinct. After some time, she wasn’t sure how long, Rey stepped into a chamber; wider than the tunnels she had been through. It was also warmer somehow. ‘Hello Rey.’ Rey looked round. This time there was someone behind her; an old man wearing robes like her father’s. He was also transparent and blue. ‘Um,’ Rey had no idea what to say, because what do you say to blue people you can see through? ‘Hello?’ ‘My name is Obi-Wan Kenobi.’ She knew who that was. He’d been a prominent feature in Luke’s stories. Obi-Wan Kenobi. Ben Kenobi. Her father’s teacher. Her grandfather’s teacher, killed by her grandfather’s hand. ‘You’ve done well so far. Rey, these are your first steps to something far, far, larger than you could possibly know.’ The words sounded familiar. ‘I heard you say that before, when I found the lightsaber.’ Obi-Wan’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. ‘Did you? That is interesting. Have you had any other visions since then?’ ‘No.’ Obi-Wan stroked his ghostly beard. ‘The trials you will have to go through will be difficult, Rey, but you have to know that you are never alone. Draw close to you those who strengthen you and you will be able to fight the coming storm.’ Those who strengthened her. She thought of her father, of her other father still so much a mystery to her. General Organa, her aunt; and that was a concept as strange to her as it was wonderful. Chewbacca. Then she thought of Poe’s smile and reassuring voice, and of the solid feeling of Finn’s hand in hers as they ran. As if sensing her thoughts, and maybe he did, the old Jedi nodded. ‘Keep them close Rey; you’ll need them when the time comes.’ He began to fade from her sight, leaving Rey alone in the darkness once again. After a few moments she heard the slow scraping of a large stone door. Light flooded the room and at the top of a small set of steps stood Luke. ‘You saw someone.’ Rey nodded. ‘What does that mean?’ Her father was smiling. ‘It means that you’re ready.’ The grass plains of Dantooine spread out below the Falcon like an ocean of gold. Rey had been a little sorry to leave the island so soon; the sound of the waves lapping against the shore had been so soothing and beautiful after seemingly endless nights of desert wind on Jakku. She glanced to the passenger seat behind Chewie’s co-pilot one to see Luke studying her face intently. As soon as he saw her looking he averted his eyes. There is a small clutter of people on the landing pad, and as soon as they were landed Chewie growled at her to get going and he’d finish up with the ship. Rey glanced over to Luke. ‘You ready?’ He flashed her a humourless smile. ‘No. But I’ve been hiding too long; it’s time.’ The first to reach them was Leia. She wasn’t running, but the others gave her the space to approach Rey and Luke. She smiled at Rey, and suddenly Rey realised that Leia had always known exactly who she was; that was possibly why the General had insisted that she go find Luke without waiting for Finn to wake up. Leia studied Luke for a few moments before pulling him into a hug. She whispered something that Rey couldn’t quite hear. When she broke away she pulled Rey into a hug as well. ‘You brought him back, thank you.’ When they broke apart Rey looked over Leia’s shoulder to see Poe standing there, arms folded with a crooked smile on his lips. She ran to him, letting him scoop her into an embrace. He gave her a squeeze and lifted her up slightly, causing her to laugh. ‘Where’s Finn?’ ‘Still on bed rest, I had to lock the door and promise him that you’d visit as soon as possible.’ Poe grinned. Next to their legs BB-8 wobbled and beeped happily at the sight of one of their new favourite humans safe and sound. Rey glanced at the others. Some of the pilots from Poe’s squadron that she’d gotten to know. Base workers that she didn’t know but who were obviously curious about the return of the fabled Jedi Master. And..... She stepped away from Poe and started walking slowly towards him. He was standing slightly apart from the rest of the crowd, watching and waiting. Once again Rey wasn’t sure what to say or to do. Once she was within arm’s reach she stopped. She thought about how much older he looked in person than he did in her memories, lines of silver running through his hair, and then realised how stupid that sounded. Wedge, her papa, reached out both hands and carefully, hesitantly, held Rey’s face. She was distantly aware of things; the others on the landing platform, her own tears, but it was so small compared to the warmth filling her chest at finally having met her other father; the last piece of her family puzzle. It was like the Force in how good and solid it felt. ‘It’s really you,’ Wedge said at last. ‘I never thought...’ He pulled her then into a fierce, tight, hug. Rey squeezed back with just as much strength. ‘Papa.’ ‘Wedge.’ They turned to see Luke standing at a distance. Behind him were Leia, Chewbacca and a slightly confused Poe. Rey would have to explain a few things after this. ‘Luke.’ ‘Wedge I-’ Wedge’s fist connected with Luke’s cheek with a thud and a slight crack. Everyone looked on in surprise and shock as the Jedi Master was knocked to the ground. Chapter 5 : Chapter 4 Summary: Rey and Poe get Finn caught up on what's happening and Luke and Wedge have A Conversation. ‘Wait, what?’ Finn looked at Poe, then at Rey, then back to Poe, and then back to Rey again. ‘You can’t be serious.’ They both nodded. ‘You’re serious.’ Another nod. ‘So you’re.....’ Rey nodded. ‘And then he punched....?’ Poe nodded. ‘Right to the ground.’ ‘Man.’ Finn leaned back against the pillows. ‘That’s....’ He glanced over to Rey. ‘Are you doing okay?’ Rey shrugged. ‘I suppose so. It’s been a lot to take in. I’ve gone from having nobody to having two fathers, an aunt who is the leader of the Resistance, not to mention a psychotic cousin.’ ‘And us,’ Poe offered. Rey smiled, placing one hand on Finn’s on top of the bedcovers and reaching over to grasp Poe’s. ‘Yes, I have you two as well.’ Poe gave her hand a little squeeze. ‘We actually met once.’ He almost laughed at the twin looked of confusion the others were giving him. ‘You’re dads came to visit my dad and me back home on Yavin Four. That’s actually where your dads met. You were just a baby, and well,’ Poe shrugged, ‘Little Baby Skywalker wasn’t as interesting to a thirteen year old as having the pilot who destroyed the Death Star in the house.’ Rey raised an eyebrow, clearly bemused. ‘Little Baby Skywalker?’ ‘I, uh, forgot your name at the time so that’s what I called you.’ Finn snorted. ‘Can we start calling you that now?’ ‘Don’t you dare.’ She studied Finn’s face. ‘What about you, are you okay?’ ‘I think so, the doctors say I’ve still got a few sessions of physio left before they’ll let me out of here.’ As if on cue, Dr Kalonia stuck her head round the doorway. ‘I’m afraid Finn needs his rest now, you can come back in the morning.’ After a brief round of careful hugs, Poe and Rey left Finn to his rest. They wandered slowly towards the exit of the medical facility when Rey stopped suddenly. Poe glanced at her, quizzical. ‘What is it?’ Rey shushed him and pressed close to a nearby door. Poe tried to say something, but she shushed him again and motioned for him to join her. Feeling distinctly like an eight year old again; like he was trying to spy on his parents and their friends to hear good war stories when he was supposed to be in bed, Poe took a position above the now stooping Rey and pressed an ear to the seam of the door. Faintly he could hear voices, angry voices. Neither of them was saying anything. They each leaned on tables facing each other, but neither was making eye contact; one out of anger, the other out of shame. Wedge pressed the ice pack against his aching hand. He hadn’t made a fist properly, but dang it had felt good. Luke, meanwhile, was pressing a similar ice pack against his jaw. He raised his eyes, risking a look at Wedge’s face. His husband looked good, a few wrinkles here and there but still solid and handsome with silver hair that suited him. Luke shifted and immediately winced. Had his jaw always clicked like that when it moved? ‘Wedge,’ Luke began. ‘Jakku.’ ‘What?’ ‘Jakku, Luke, she lived on Jakku. A scavenger.’ Wedge’s voice was low, choked with anger. Luke closed his eyes. ‘I know.’ Wedge looked up at Luke sharply, scowling. ‘Our daughter wasn’t supposed to grow up like that, Luke. Barely surviving on a hostile world. Alone. Just waiting there because she believed that........that her family would be coming back for her one day.’ In a wave of anger he threw the ice pack against the wall, sending pieces flying. ‘Our daughter wasn’t supposed to grow up like that!’ ‘Wedge, I didn’t know. I didn’t know what had happened to her. Ben took her and left her on Jakku. I don’t know why he did it, but I swear to you Wedge, if I had known where she was I would have done anything to bring her back to us.’ Luke reached out to Wedge’s shoulder, but the other man pushed him away. ‘But where were you?’ He was yelling now. ‘You just left, Luke. No message, no goodbye, nothing. Do you have any idea how that felt? How much that hurt? We thought our daughter was dead and you just left! The only reason I didn’t think you were dead too was because I believed that Leia would have felt it if you were. I even looked for you, turning over every rock in the galaxy I could think of; I wasn’t eating, wasn’t sleeping, for months I was just trying to find you. If Leia hadn’t stopped me when she did.....’ Wedge trailed off, tears finally breaking through and flowing. With tentative steps Luke approached Wedge again. This time Wedge didn’t stop Luke from wrapping his arms around him, but he didn’t relax against the touch in the same way he would have once. ‘Nothing will ever make leaving you okay. But all I could keep thinking was that it was my fault. I taught Ben, I was responsible for him and so I was responsible for all the lives he took. Even if she wasn’t dead we still lost our daughter and it was my fault. I just....I couldn’t face that I caused you that pain.’ He recalled how it had been; days where Wedge would barely move, barely say a word; he would just sit and stare at the wall, unaware of what was going on around him. ‘I truly thought that the way to make things better was to not be around anymore. Rey was right, I am a coward. But I swear to you I’m not going anywhere now.’ There was silence for several moments as both men just felt the presence of the other. So many years of unsaid words, both good and bad, didn’t feel like enough. ‘You are a coward.’ Wedge said at last. ‘You’re a coward for running and you’re an idiot for thinking for one second that me or anybody else blame you for what happened, and I want nothing more than to punch you again.’ Wedge pulled back a little to look Luke in the eyes. ‘That would be fair.’ ‘Also that beard looks stupid.’ ‘That was uncalled for.’ Wedge chuckled, and reached up to place his hand on the cheek where a bruise was already beginning to form. For a moment it seemed to Luke that Wedge was going to lean in to kiss him, but instead he pulled away slightly. ‘She looks so grown up.’ The smile on Luke’s face was soft. ‘She is. She came to find me; she’s a natural with the Force. And she’s so strong, Wedge. She’s just like you.’ The door behind them sounded, and opened to reveal Leia standing with a very sheepish looking Poe and Rey. Rey was rubbing at the tears in her eyes. ‘I was coming to check that you were still alive when I found these two waiting outside.’ Leia’s glare wasn’t entirely hard, but Poe still looked thoroughly ashamed with himself. ‘Thanks Leia. Do you think we could have a word with Rey? Alone.’ Luke wiped at his own tears. ‘Of course. But,’ Leia strode across the room, pulled back her arm, and gave Luke a solid punch in the same spot Wedge had hit. This one didn’t floor Luke as the last one had, but it did knock his head sharply to the side. ‘I had to get my own shot in. Come on Dameron, you and I need a talk about proper surveillance methods and not using them on your commanding officers.’ With that she left, Poe trailing behind her after exchanging a small smile and nod with Rey. Then the door shut and the three were alone together for the first time in fifteen years. Rey shuffled her feet and played with the edge of one of her sleeves. ‘Rey.’ She looked up to Wedge. Wordlessly she came over to stand between the two men. ‘How much did you hear?’ ‘A lot,’ Rey admitted. ‘But it was my idea to listen, not Poe’s.’ ‘It’s alright,’ said Luke. ‘You’re allowed to be curious, given the circumstances.’ Rey nodded, still unsure what to do or say. ‘It’s not going to be easy. Luke and I,’ Wedge shot his husband a look that was quick but full of sadness, ‘there are things that are going to take time. But we both know that there’s something going on that’s bigger than us and we have work to do.’ He looked back to Luke and reached for the man’s flesh and blood hand. Luke gripped Wedge’s fingers and nodded. ‘If what Leia tells me is true then you need to be trained, but I hope we’ll be able to have some time to get to know each other better.’ Eyes blinking with fresh tears, Rey nodded. ‘I’d like that too, Papa.’ It wasn’t quite a hug, just the three of them pressed in close together leaning on each other; Wedge and Luke holding hands more firmly than before and each with their free arm wrapped around their daughter’s shoulders. Rey wasn’t sure if it was the Force but there was s surety that she could feel in the pit of her gut. It was the one she’d been waiting for, that indefinable something which had been in her dreams, and was now here dancing in front of her. She was allowed to have it. Rey closed her eyes and felt that she was home. Notes: A little idea that has been running through my head all day. You can partially blame AdorableDoom for this, and their awesome story Storms. Go read it now if you haven't. Thanks for reading, comments are always appreciated.