Chapter One She scratched another mark into the dull metal of the ceiling above her bunk with a sharp rock. Number two thousand five hundred and seventeen. The start of another day. She tucked the rock underneath her pillow, swung her legs over the side and jumped down to the ground. Her bare feet made a dull thunk as they hit the floor and then a pittering noise as she padded her way to her kitchen. A small disk lit up as she passed it, projecting a flickering hologram of a man, woman and two children having a picnic under a large tree. She reached out as if to touch the family, but her hand passed through them and the image turned fuzzy, like it always did when she tried to touch it. A sad smile made its way onto Amalia's face. "'Morning Mom and Dad, Good morning Missa." She moved into a dimly lit room and began to rifle through a woven basket. A few moments later she emerged with a handful of red berries and a large orange fruit. She popped a few berries into her mouth as she pulled on her leather boots, grabbed her spear and walked out the open hatch of her ship, pushing the cloth barriers out of her way. She squinted as she stepped into the light and made a noise of annoyance, she had slept later than normal. That was something she could not afford to do with the cold season coming soon. A gust of wind blew straight in her face, proving her point. She adjusted her pack and set off into the forest. She climbed over the huge roots of trees, checking her snares along the way. She ended up with two rabbits, three squirrels, and something that resembled a wolf pup with spots. She strung the animals on her belt and reset all the snares. She finished her rounds and made it back home within the hour. Amalia opened the door to a wooden shack near the crashed ship and sat the animals on the table inside, plucking a knife off of a holder on the wall. A short time later she emerged from the ramshackle building that served as a smokehouse, hands bloodied. After washing off her hands and face she packed her bag with some dried meat and fruit. She would spend the rest of the day there, hunting and gathering more food, food that would no longer be available when winter came in a month. She was home again several hours later, her mind bleary and muscles spent, even after taking a long bath in a watering hole not too far away. She felt better after changing into a clean pair of clothes, but felt even better when she slid into the warmth of her bunk and burrowed into the pile of furs. Smiling contentedly, she closed her eyes, satisfied that today's work had been completed. She had just started to doze off when she felt it. Pain. A burning, agonizing pain. It hit her like a wave, stunning her momentarily, but then her hands flew to her head and she screamed. It felt as if her brain was burning, being scorched from the inside out. Her nails dug into her scalp, as if the pain of those sharp things piercing the skin there would somehow deter her attention from the agony inside her mind. Small rivulets of blood welled up at her fingertips. Her breathing was ragged and uneven when the pain was mixed with something else. Fear. No, terror. Pure terror. Her eyes went wide. Images of a ship crashing into a planets' surface invaded her mind. A scream that was not her own. A body clad in black being crushed and torn apart by metal and wires. Blood. Silence. As suddenly as the emotions came, they went. Fading away into nothing. A high pitched screeching noise cut through the normal sounds of the night, blotting out the songs of small cricket-like creatures, and snarls of animals fighting. Disoriented from what had just happened, Amalia fumbled to get out of her tangle of blankets and animal furs, the only lighting in her home being the luminous moss she had taken from the forest and caked on a few walls. The screeching was louder now, making her ears ring. She stumbled through the ship and pushed open the barrier, not even bothering to pull on her boots or grab her spear. Whatever was falling hit the ground about a mile into the east side of the forest with a loud 'boom.' She heard the dirt that had flown into the air rain back down upon the trees. Without thinking, the young woman ran towards what she assumed to be a crashed spacecraft. Amalia, even though she was in shape, felt like her lungs were about to explode when she reduced her speed from a dead sprint to a stop in front of a large crater. In the center was a heavily damaged black ship, smoking and smelling distinctly of fuel. She crept closer, doing her best to avoid debris and wishing that she would have at least thought to pull on some footwear before she left her ship. As she neared the wreckage, her suspicion of smelling fuel was confirmed when she noticed a puddle of sludge dripping from a ruptured length of piping hanging from a hole on the carrying pod of the craft. Sparks flew from another nearby, striking a chord of fear in Amalia, fear that was her own this time. If enough sparks came into contact with the leaking fuel the whole ship would be blown sky high. And that would be the least of her worries. It was more than likely that if the craft blew the surrounding forest would be lit ablaze, creating a huge problem, as this was a forest planet. She swallowed hard, at looked for the positive, at least if it exploded she would die rather quickly. Soon enough, she reached the ship. The carrying pod was round and set between two large wings, one of which was lying about 20 feet away from the wreckage, torn to pieces by the trees. Pulling the sleeve of her shirt over her right hand she rubbed at the glass of the damaged and half buried windshield, clearing it so she could peer inside. The first thing she noticed were splotches of red on the inside of the window. The second thing she noticed was the figure in all black slumped in the pilots' seat. She ignored the feeling of déjà vu and pulled a large branch she had found back, ramming the end of it into the glass over and over again. After about five hits, a small crack appeared. The person inside did not stir. Twelve strikes later the glass shattered. She cleared out the jagged remains of the window and climbed over the control panel and into the cockpit. The pod was small and dark with barely enough space for two passengers, one pilot and one person to man the ships' guns. There was only one person in the craft. She squeezed into the almost nonexistent space between the panel and the legs of the figure. Blood seeped from a wound to the pilots' side and the black cloth was slightly singed around it. The red substance also stained the area around the base of the persons' battered black and silver helmet. She began to panic. The gash on the side of the body she could handle, as it didn't look too deep, but if the person had their brains splattered all over the inside of that helmet then there was nothing she could do. Amalia pressed two fingers just underneath the helmet, to the persons' neck, searching for a pulse. Her throat went dry as she struggled to find it. She had almost given up by the time her fingertips sensed a small, almost nonexistent movement beneath the smooth, warm skin they rested on. Letting out a shaky sigh of relief she pressed a small button on the restraint belts, releasing the passenger from their hold. They slumped forward, their helmet cracking against her collar bone. She made a wheezing noise, a mixture of pain and surprise, and tried to jerk back, only succeeding in jamming her back against the control panel and letting a stream of curses flow forth. It took a little less than an hour to wrestle the person out of the cockpit of their ship. She had somehow ended up dragging them out behind her, scrambling up the control panel and out the hatch. Her arms were wrapped around the pilot's upper torso and she was struggling to pull them back to camp. They were heavy, though not in the sense that they were overweight, more so that they must've had some serious muscles. And speaking of muscles, Amalia's felt like they were on fire, the burning getting worse with every step. She made it half way home before she tripped on a branch and fell. Unluckily for her, the black clothed person fell with her and their helmet hit her in the chest, successfully knocking the air from her lungs. She made a noise reminiscent of a flying reptile and flailed her arms. When she recovered she gave the person's helmet a glare, as if it would apologize for the pain and suffering it had caused, and stood rather shakily. It took another hour to get them back to her ship and by then it was pitch black outside. The planet's three moons sat high in the sky, her only light source as she pulled the pilot up the into her ship, their black boots clunking against the ridges in the ramp. With great difficulty Amalia managed to get the injured bastard onto a bunk, gasping for breath when she was free of the dead weight. She blinked away black spots as she guzzled water from a jug. When it was empty she tossed it into a corner of the room and looked appraisingly at the figure laying on the bunk. They were tall, much taller than her, although most everyone was, at least on her home planet they were. And judging by what little information she had about people, she guessed that whoever she pulled from the wreckage was male. She could be wrong though as she had never seen anyone from another species before. Her planet had not been open to trade with beings from other places, she could never fathom why though. They could have learned so much from other species. Eventually, her curiosity got the best of her (as it often did) and she felt about the helmet for the latches, reasoning that she would have to remove most of the armor to tend whatever wounds the person had sustained in the crash. When she found them and pressed down the mask let out a few little clicks. Holding her breath, she ever so gently lifted the helmet over the pilot's head, careful not to cause more injury as she remembered the blood stained around their collar. It slipped over their head, revealing what the helmet had hidden, or, who the helmet had hidden. Amalia's eyes went wide in wonder, she hadn't seen another face in years. And here one was, and beautiful one at that. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Summary: Amalia fixes up the pilot and has a day to herself. Later, she finds something unusual about the man she rescued. Notes: Hey guys, it's been a while hasn't it? I apologize for the super long wait so i made this chapter extra long in hopes of quelling any homicidal rage you may feel towards me. I also want to wish everyone a happy Valentine's Day <3 Hope you guys are enjoying it! I would love for any feedback on the update like spelling/ grammar errors or maybe just writing tips you feel like i should know. Happy reading! ~Mel To say it took a lot of effort for Amalia to rip her eyes from the persons’ face and start working on fixing them up was an understatement. A big one, in fact. Their hair was brown, falling in waves to their shoulders. She was suddenly aware of the burning she felt in her cheeks. She hadn’t seen another person in seven years, let alone a boy , so of course she would react in this way. She shook her head, reasoning away the reaction as only natural and set to work inspecting his injuries. A scar cut across his face, recent looking, although not sustained in the crash. She let her finger tips brush over the edge of it lightly, noticing that the skin looked burnt. Her eyebrows furrowed in confusion as she looked closely at the edges. They were cleanly cut, not jagged like a gash would have been. She had no idea what could’ve caused a scar like that. The blood that had stained the collar of his armor had not been flowing from there so she moved on despite the questions swimming around in her mind. When she tilted his head to the left she found what she was looking for, a shallow slash on the side of his forehead. He had probably whacked it on something during the crash. It had stopped bleeding for the most part, leaving trails of dried blood down that side of his face. She moved to the wound on his side, as the cut on his head didn’t seem to put him in any dire danger. Amalia winced as she peeled back the singed cloth from around the gash. It suddenly dawned on her that she was going to have to take his armor off to fix this bloody mess. She worked as quickly as she could, trying not to injure him further as she attempted peel off the layers of clothing that covered his torso. When she reached the last layer, a plain black long sleeved shirt, she simply pulled it halfway up, exposing the wound and keeping his chest covered. She did not need any distractions (and the build of this guy was probably going to end up being one). After hunting down her first aid kit Amalia set to work wiping away blood and disinfecting all his scratches and gashes. She used more supplies on him than she had used on herself in all the time she had been stuck here. As she stitched up his side Amalia couldn’t help but think that the damned man better live if he knew what was good for him. She would be extremely upset if he kicked the bucket now. She would have stressed out and worked hard for nothing. Not to mention all the sleep she was missing out on right now. She yawned and continued on, slowly knitting the skin back together, sometimes stopping to wipe away the small beads of blood that welled around the stitches. He still hadn’t stirred, but his heart was still beating and his chest was still rising and falling so she knew he was alive. When she had finished putting the man back together it was nearly morning, the sun just beginning to peek above the horizon like a big, lazy cherry. She was exhausted, drained of energy, but she could not sleep. She didn’t have the time. Night was for resting and the day was for working, she could not afford to even lay down for a moment, knowing that if she did she would sleep away the day. She pulled a blanket over him after washing her hands, almost envious of him, he could rest as long as he wanted, wrapped in the arms of sweet oblivion. Although she was not envious of how he would feel when he decided to wake up. She sat down on her own cot and ran a hand through her hair, trying to mentally prepare herself for the day to come. Amalia pulled on her boots and packed her bag, it was going to be another day of scavenging for food. More or less like every day around this time since food would almost impossible to find soon. She pulled a jar from a cabinet and filled it with water, sitting it along with some fruit and a strip of meat on a chair she pulled over to the bunk the pilot was laying on, although she doubted he would wake while she was gone. She packed herself food for the impending day and took note that she needed to collect and filter more water. That was going to be something very hard to do in winter when everything was frozen. Once her boots were on she slung her pack onto her back and headed out the door, grabbing her spear on the way out. She went through the daily ritual of walking in a path in the forest, checking traps for prey and resetting them if they happened to catch anything. She started walking back to camp highly dissatisfied and slightly worried as a realization hit her like a HoverBus, not only would she have to amass enough food for herself this winter, but enough for a whole other person. A person that wouldn’t be able to move around properly until the cold season had begun. She was so lost in her own thoughts that she almost didn’t see them. And she wouldn’t have, if one hadn’t stepped on a fallen branch, snapping Amalia’s attention away from her musings of this winter, and to the miracle before her. Two animals stood not 10 feet to her right, things that looked something like deer but with shorter antlers and brown and black stripes down their back. She moved slowly, as to not frighten them away, reaching into the pocket of her pack and drawing out two deadly sharp silver discs. She was going to have to be quick about this. She put her index finger through the hole in the center of one of the discs and twirled it around, until the weapon was a blur. Suddenly she flicked her wrist in the direction of the bigger of the two animals and it sliced through the air, burying itself in the throat of the beast. It let out a sort of shriek as it stumbled and fell. Its companion did not get the chance to run before another disc sank into its’ chest. The girl who had arrived on this planet years ago would’ve been horrified by what she had done, sickened by the sight of all the blood splattered on the fallen leaves, at the bodies of two innocent creatures on the ground with limbs splayed at odd angles. That girl was replaced by another, a girl who is so desperate to survive that she doesn't even bat an eye at the bright red spray that stained the foliage around her, at the glassy eyed stare of the two animals. It didn't take that long for her to drag the bodies back home. What took forever was skinning and gutting the damned things (digging her chakram out of the animals was both time consuming and mildly unsettling) and by the time she was finished it was at least midday. She wiped off what blood she could from herself and walked back into the ship. The pilot still lay in the same spot she had left him, unconscious and motionless, chest rising and falling in shallow movements. She dug a clean set of clothes from a drawer built into the wall near her bunk and headed back outside, her bag strapped to her back once more. She walked along a different path that cut through the trees and a roaring sound grew louder as she travelled deeper into the forest. The noise almost completely drowned out the calls of the wild animals in the forest by the time she reached her destination. A stream cut through the land, clear and gurgling, its movement spurred on by a mid-sized water fall. Amalia let out a sigh at the sight of one of her favorite places, sat her clothes on a rock, undressed and smiled with a bit of a childish glint in her eyes. Despite the voice in her head telling her it was a bad idea to over exert herself, she turned and got a running start before pushing off the ground and landing with a satisfactory splash in the river. She resurfaced with a laugh and pushed her honey colored hair back away from her face. Her eyes opened and blinked away the small drops of water near them and she sighed, letting herself relax. After floating around for a short while, she scrubbed herself clean once more and exited the body of water as quickly as she could, trying to avoid being frozen by the breeze that wove between tree branches and wove through the spaces around the rocks. After hastily redressing into a clean set of clothes, she snatched the filthy ones off of the rock she laid them on before her bath and walked them over to a more shallow area in the water. Amalia sat on a stone ledge that rested just above the water and let her bare feet dangle under its surface as she started the painstakingly long process of washing bloodstained clothes without soap of any kind. She scrubbed, and scrubbed, and scrubbed some more, until the red spattered items of clothing turned back to their original color, or as close as she could get them. She had learned that wearing the same clothes for almost seven years tended to wear them out a bit. By the time she had finished it was almost sunset and she could no longer see the sun over the tall trees. Already the noises in the forest were beginning to shift from the usual sounds of birds, insects, and other animals calling out and desperately trying to get laid to the howls of nighttime predators hunting for their next meal and the pained shrieks of the meal when it was found. Nighttime was not a good time for her to be in the woods. Stronger things lurked here when the sun went down, things that could snap her spear like a twig, things that could, rip her to pieces and scarf down what remained afterward. She pulled the now clean clothes up into a pile in her arms, the damp seeping ever so slightly into the fabric of her shirt and shoved them hastily into her bag. She swung it over her shoulders and grabbed her spear, gripping it so hard her knuckles turned white. She had not been caught in the forest this late in the day in a long time. She made her way along the path back to camp, eyes scanning the shadowed foliage around her and ears alert for any noises too close. Her right hand clutched her spear while the fingers of her left hand skimmed over the chakram in her pants pocket. The sky was a dark grey now, the planets’ moons glowed brightly above her, but she paid no heed to them. Too busy listening and watching for danger to notice the fallen branch lying in the trail. She stepped on it and a loud crack was emitted. Her eyes went wide. A young girl with long blonde hair and dark brown eyes darted between the trees in the moonlight, her dress whipping behind her. An older girl, her sister, followed closely, trying to catch up and struggling to see in the dark. Both were laughing. “Wait up, Missa, I can’t run that fast,” the older girl gasped out. The 12 year old just laughed and kept on going, weaving between tight places and squeezing under little spaces under fallen trees. Amalia wove between the same places, although taking much longer as her larger body made it difficult to make it through. Her younger sister ignored her siblings struggle, choosing instead to run farther ahead into a dark grouping of trees. Amalia didn’t notice, she was struggling to make it between a gap in a rock wall, scraping exposed skin and catching her clothes on the jagged stone. They had been to this part of the forest before, but always together. Today however, was different, Missa had bet her sister that she could beat her to The Gazing Place, a large hill that flattened to a rock ledge in a clearing, perfect for cloud watching and stargazing. If Amalia was anything, then she was competitive, the last piece of chocolate in their rations was at stake and she was going to win it, even if she was just going to share it with the younger girl anyway. She made it through the gap and ran, determined to beat her little sister, darting down a small path worn down by some kind of creature. And she did. After scrambling up the rock wall, Amalia stood on the ledge of the hill and looked for her sister, seeing nothing despite glow of the twin moons. “Missa?” She waited a moment and received nothing but the sound of crickets and other nocturnal creatures. Her sister should have been here with the huge lead she had. Amalia’s eyebrows furrowed and she cupped her hands around her mouth, “Missa, where are you?” Silence. “This isn’t funny!” she said loudly, her voice getting higher in pitch. She was worried now and so she climbed carefully back down the wall and alighted on the moss covered forest floor. She took a few tentative steps toward the tree line, looking for any sign of the younger girl and finding none. She swallowed hard and walked further in. “Missa?” her voice wavered. Branches cracked as the girl ran, she had stopped for a moment to catch her breath when it first tried to catch her, snarling and clawing, bright eyes glowing furiously in the darkness. She had dodged it then, its claw catching the fabric covering her left shoulder, ripping the sleeve of her dress and the pale skin beneath it. Missa’s breathing was ragged and she could form no words when she heard her older sister calling for her in the distance. She faintly heard her reenter the forest, calling her name once more. She switched directions, trying to lead the thing away from her and mustered what she could of her quickly dwindling strength. “Mal….” Amalia’s head whipped around frantically, trying to determine where the girl who smiled so much was calling to her from. “RUN!” There was a moment of complete silence as she tried to figure out if she was joking. Then there was an animalistic snarl, followed by a scream so blood chillingly terrifying that it froze Amalia to the spot she was standing in. “MISSA!!” Despite her conscious yelling at her to do as the young girl told her, she sprinted towards the place she thought the scream came from. She told her conscious to shove its opinion up its’ ass and ran on. Branches of plants she couldn’t see whipped against her body, leaving scratches that she ignored. Suddenly she skidded to a stop, and stared wide eyed at the mess in front of her. Blood, oh the blood. So much of it………….and so little the pieces of what was left. Something large was hunched over Missa’s body, large muscles bulged underneath brown leathery skin that was soaked in even more blood. It turned its’ head, revealing glowing green eyes and a large mouth filled with jagged teeth, that had meat hanging from it. It sniffed the air with a canine looking snout, searching the air for the smell of another meal. Its eyes locked on hers and she screamed. Amalia was snapped back to reality by a rustling noise behind her. Something crept low, causing the dead underbrush to whisper softly. She tensed as the noise ceased. A dark shape leapt from the shadows behind her, snarling angrily, but she had been ready. Both hands held tightly to the wooden handle of her spear as the girl whipped with a yell around to face her attacker. The deadly sharp stone of the spearhead sunk deep into the underbelly of the beast, catching it mid-pounce. It snarled once again, as its bright green eyes started to dim slowly, swiping at her with long clawed paws. The thing was young, meaning it was an inexperienced hunter, rash and reckless. If it had been older she never would have heard it coming. She would have been dead on the forest floor. She flung it down to the ground and yanked her spear from the things’ dead body with a sickening squelch. The wood was stained with dark red blood at least halfway up the handle. The animal lay at odd angles on the ground, its’ blood staining the soil dark. She gave the body a kick as continued her way home, breathing a bit heavily and feeling a little distant. The person she was a few years back would have either been dead or a sobbing mess on the ground like a child. The young woman followed the path through the forest using muscle memory to step over debris littering the hard packed dirt. It felt like an eternity had passed before she made it back to her ship. Its’ greying exterior glowed in the dark, light reflecting off of what was left of the glossy paint. She pulled the main hatch open using the handle welded to the outside and let it fall to the ground with a dull thud. After going inside and pulling the door closed again she dropped her pack to the ground, along with her spear and jacket. Amalia kicked off her boots and peeled off her pants in the soft glow of the moss growing on the ceiling, leaving everything in a pile on the floor. She padded through the main room and down a hallway towards the bunk area, eager to slide beneath the warm blankets and close her eyes. She entered the room silently, making her way to the man on the bunk across the room from hers. She placed the back of her hand against his forehead to check his temperature, letting out a sigh of relief as she sensed it to be normal. Although, just to check (at least that’s what she told herself), she pulled back the covers and raised his shirt over the wound on his side. The stitches were still holding him together and the gash didn’t look infected so she rewrapped the wound so the stitches wouldn’t snag the blanket. She pulled the shirt back down and covered him back up. After changing the bandages that she had wrapped around the side of his head, she was officially exhausted. Amalia took one last look at the figure before she headed off to bed and noticed something that she must’ve missed earlier. A cylindrical object hung from his belt with two smaller cylinders branching off in opposite directions, with black and silver adornments. It was obviously a weapon, but none like she had ever seen before. She unclipped it carefully and held it in her hands, inspecting it. One end was open, as well as the two things off the side. She could not see if there was anything inside, but she did notice a button inlaid on the grip. She pointed the open end away from her face, thinking it was some type of projectile weapon and pressed the button. The thing jolted as three red beams shot out from the openings of the weapon. Amalia let out a gasp and released the thing from her grip. It clattered to the ground and the beams of energy disappeared, but not before they seared a mark into the floor, sending a few sparks flying in the process. She stared wide-eyed at the piece of metal on the ground for a long time, completely and utterly bewildered. She didn’t know much about the galaxy outside the knowledge she had of her home planet and the one she currently lived on, but she was pretty sure pilots did not carry those things. She inched her way toward the piece of metal once more and picked it up. Amalia pressed the button and let the flickering red glow illuminate the room. And as she waved it around curiously she came to a conclusion. Whoever the person she found in the cockpit of that ship was most certainly not a pilot. Chapter 3 Summary: The Stranger Awakens. (I'm so sorry) A pair of eyelids slowly flitted open and allowed brown eyes to scan their slightly blurry surroundings. It had been about four days since he crashed here but he didn't know that. All he knew was that his throat was dry, his lips were cracked, and no matter how much he blinked the edges of objects around him just seemed to blend together. Oh, and his head hurt, his side ached.....and he had no idea where he was. Well, he could tell he was on a cot, but not one in a First Order med ward. The things around him weren't scratchy, they were soft and warm. Like furs and knitted blankets. Which meant he wasn't being housed in one of the First Order' s ships. He was confused for a moment before he remembered. After........losing the battle with the scavenger girl he was forced to find his own way off of the damaged Starkiller base. Everyone else had already evacuated, leaving him alone and stranded. There had been TIE Fighters left in one of the main hangars, abandoned hastily in favor of well stocked escape pods. Most had been damaged but there had been one that was able to be flown. Not that he had known how to do that though. He was able to lift off and clear the blast zone of the base, setting the auto pilot to the next set of coordinates for a First Order craft. His small ship sailed through space for a time before coming upon the remains of the battle. Resistance ships and TIE Fighters manuvered around each other, firing lasers in a flurry of flying shrapnel. A jolt on his left signalled to him that his craft had drawn the attention of the opposing side. Another jolt sent red glow echoing through the cockpit. It was then he knew he was fucked. Despite the computer's warning about crippling the engines, he pushed the hyperdrive button. He figured he had a better chance of surviving if someone found him floating through space rather than trying not to die in the middle of a battle that he had never been trained for. The ship hurtled through space for a while as he tried to keep himself from bleeding out. He had actually forgotten about the thing in his haste to escape the base and the battle above it, remembering only when a sharp pain caused him to cry out. (Leading him to realize that his helmet had been damaged and the voice modifier broken.) An indiscernible amount of time had passed before the battered ship dropped out of hyperdrive and it's engines stopped. The navigation system wasn't registering his location and the communicators had long since broken. He amended his earlier statement. Now he was fucked. He drifted for what felt like forever and began to nod off, something he knew deep down that he shouldn't do lest he not wake again. A sudden increase in speed had jolted him from the loving arms of oblivion and into the strong chokehold of fear. The ship was falling, being pulled in by a planet's gravitational pull. The green mass grew ever larger, it's rings a swirling mass of rocks and other space debris. The ship lurched every which way, flinging him along with it. It spun as it burnt its way into the atmosphere and he screamed, his head bounced off something once, the second time he thought the visor of his helmet cracked but he couldn't be sure. His was too afraid look into that too much. The view out the windshield had become a red haze and he could vaguely make out the trees he was speeding towards. A trickle of blood crept down the side of his face, he could taste it along with sweat as he screamed. His helmet crashed against the control panel once more as the ship twisted and he was silenced. He saw nothing. Felt nothing. Until now. Now his vision had cleared to the point that he could make out his surroundings. He was correct when he thought he was covered with furs and knitted blankets. He ran his hand over one of the knitted things, it was soft and it's colours faded. From his position he could make out one other bunk piled with more bedding. There were also outlines embedded in the walls that suggested that there were others that slid out. He could see across the room where the walls narrowed slightly into a hall the led to what looked like a main room but not much more than that. The greenish glow that lit the place was faint, given off by what looked like moss being grown on the ceiling. He coughed, the action stinging his dry throat as they wracked through his body. He felt a pinch on his wounded side and hissed, putting his hand where he had been shot. The fabric that covered that area was slightly damp so he pushed back the blankets and pulled up his shirt to get a better look. He had been stitched up, almost expertly, but his coughing fit tore one out. He was bleeding again. A rustling noise captured his attention and he struggled to sit up, propping himself up with his arms. His gaze rested one the heap of bedding on the other cot. Something emerged from the pile, it's head immediately swiveling towards him. It emitted a small gasp and scrambled out of it's bed. "What the hell do you think you're doing, sitting up like that?" He let out a noise of surprise at the voice and it's owner. It belonged to a short girl with long, dark blonde hair and electric blue eyes. Her pink lips were pressed into a thin line, like she was waiting for a response. He sputtered for a minute, his thirst making it somewhat difficult to form words. Her face softened in realization and she disappeared for a moment, returning with a glass of clear water. He attempted to hold himself up with one arm and take the glass with the other but his caretaker swatted the hand away and held the glass to his lips as he greedily gulped the drink. She tutted as she saw that his side was bleeding again and the bandage on the side of his head needed changing. "Where am I," he asked hoarsely. He did not like how his voice sounded without his helmet. He sounded weak. Broken. The girl, who had perched herself on the side of his cot, replied without hesitation," You're in my ship." the bandage from the cut on his head. He let out a noise of annoyance. She knew that was not what he meant. "I've gathered that much. I mean, what planet am I on?" The blue eyed girl let out a dark laugh as she peeled the bandage on the side of his head. She clicked a panel inlaid in the wall to her right and a drawer slid open. Her hand slipped in before re-emerging with a roll of fresh bandages. "I have yet to figure that out, sweetheart." She pushed a lock of his hair back and dabbled something cool onto the cut before placing the cloth over the gash. It was silent for a moment as he let her words sink in. "What do you mean by that?" he asked, even though he was sure he knew the answer. "It means," she replied, her unnaturally blue eyes trained on his brown ones rather seriously,"that you're the new member of the 'Stranded On Some Godforsaken Planet Club'." He opened his mouth but was cut off," You'll receive your t-shirt and pin in one to two weeks," she said with a small snort. A surge of annoyance went through him and he felt the faint urge to choke her. Her hands, which were still adjusting the bandage, suddenly jerked and her laughter cut off in what he could only describe as surprise. Although there was nothing for her to be surprised about. He noted that she shook off whatever came over her rather quickly and returned to her prior task without acknowledging the incident. It was silent for a moment, as if she was thinking. "So, what's your name?" the girl inquired as she pressed the edges of the bandage gently, making sure that it was secure. He drew himself up, trying his best to look as powerful as possible. "I am Kylo Ren, Commander of The First Order." She looked at him blankly. "I've never heard of any First Order with being stuck here and all, but I'm Amalia Jugis, Survivor of Serious Shit, a pleasure to make your acquaintance." Kylo wasn't sure if it was his pleasure to make her acquaintance or not. Nevertheless, he replied with a polite, "Likewise." He figured it would not be wise to offend the person in charge of his survival. Deep down he knew that even he, the powerful Kylo Ren, wouldn't be able to make it on his own while wounded and ignorant of the planet he was currently on. Amalia stood from her perch and put the roll of bandages back into the drawer she had gotten them from, the latch catching as she closed the door with a faint 'click'. She swallowed nervously,"I'm going to open the hatch out front to get some light in here so I can see to stitch you back up." She didn't wait for a reply as she turned and walked, a bit too quickly, to the main room of her ship. She stopped near the closed door and took a deep breath. She'd be lying if she said that what happened back there didn't shake her up a bit. In the middle of laughing at her own joke she suddenly felt quite irked. Something that was odd all on it's own but then an image was brought forth. Not by her own mind, because why on Mutare would she ever imagine Kylo Ren choking her? (A/N Oh god, that sounds bad......eh, whatever it's staying) And that was the thing! In her mind, he wasn't even touching her, just acting like so, with one arm extended and hand curved as if squeezing a throat. And there she was legs shaking and blue eyes full of fear, hands clawing desperately at her throat as if that would somehow bring the much needed air into her lungs. The vision was brief, gone as quickly as it came, but scared her still. She threw her shoulder heavily against the door a couple times before it fell open with a screech of metal on metal and a solid 'thunk' as it struck the ground. She briefly wondered if the person whose life she was trying to save had ever actually strangled someone like that. Notes: Hey, so that's the first chapter! So Amalia's been on this planet for a while, just under seven years. Woah, right? For anyone wondering she landed when she was 16 years old, making her about 23 now and she's all alone on a uninhabited planet. Well, not anymore i guess......I'm working on another chapter as you read this note, but feel free to comment what you think about the story so far( ha, that's a band) or comment any questions you have about Amalia. I'll be happy to answer all of them! {Wow i just reread that note and i sound like a rambling mess. Whoops} ~Mel P.S. This work is also on Wattpad and is mine, so no, i did not steal it.