Wide Awake Finn was used to waking up early. If anyone asked he’d blame it on the conditioning he received as a Stormtrooper, he was reluctant to inform anyone of the night terrors that he suffered. Though some aspects of life on the Resistance Base were starting to feel like the norm, the expression of emotion so openly was not something he had quite come to grips with. That was how he found himself sitting on a grassy knoll staring into the sky as the sun rose and began to penetrate through the thin layer of mist that had accumulated during the night. He let out a sigh, gently lowering himself to lie on the ground and let the dew dampen the back of his head and Poe’s – his – jacket. He focused on his breathing and he let the cool sensations run over him in an attempt to free himself from the images still flashing in his mind. The mornings on D’Qar were always something of beauty, and something that he would never grow tired of. He often found it hard to believe in a moment of stillness and calm that there could possibly be a war going on in the galaxy. The birds around him burst into song as day broke, the world around him coming to life (though Finn knew that was not true, plenty of things happened at night); he closed his eyes and smiled. Everything around him felt so perfect that he almost believed it was a dream – all of it. With his eyes closed, he could only sense that time passed through the feeling of the wind against his body, blades of grass gently blowing against exposed skin. Still, he allowed himself to lie there and wait for the day to begin properly. Rey was training somewhere out on the planet - an undisclosed location that Master Skywalker had taken her to so that she could train in peace, and Poe was out on a mission. Though he was left with little company, he still felt at ease and comfortable with his new life. With a smile on his face, he allowed the hum of the world around him lull him to sleep. He awoke much later to two deep brown eyes looking into his, and that was all he could see. It took him a few moments to determine just which brown eyes they were, but as soon as he recognised them he smiled and the body attached to the eyes moved away. As he was given room he slowly sat up, still careful of his fragile back, and went to talk. However, before he could even part his lips he was cut off. “What’s wrong?” The gentle voice of Rey was unmistakeably filled with worry, and all Finn could do was watch in confusion as she stood, placing a hand to her temple and closing her eyes. “I felt it, your distress. I came as fast as I could, you were unharmed but unconscious. Did something attack you? An animal from the forests?” She questioned, trying to focus her mind to find out exactly what he was thinking, what he was feeling. “Nothing.” Came Finn’s quiet reply as he came to his feet, a little unsteady, but quickly regaining any balance he lost (and for once, with almost no pain in his back!). Rey’s eyes snapped open, looking at him closely. She knew it wasn’t nothing, and he knew that she knew. “I thought you were training.” He said, attempting to change the conversation. “Master Skywalker had taken me into the forest, he told me that isolation would help to clear my mind and help me to focus.” She told him. “All I could see was you, I had to help. But… You’re safe, right?” While Rey had been on the receiving end of night terrors more times than she could count in her life, she still had no idea that they were anything but normal. Master Skywalker seemed concerned when she awoke often during the nights, but she never spoke about it. Finn responded to her question with a nod, brushing himself off and looking towards the base in the distance. “I suppose you’ll be going back to training then.” “No.” Rey replied, not missing a beat. “I told Master Skywalker I was unable to continue, I was afraid that you were being hurt and I couldn’t focus. I’ll be seeing him again tomorrow.” Finn’s gaze rested on the ground beneath his feet for a moment, guilty that his own dreams had gotten in the way of Rey’s training. But she was having none of it, her hands came to meet his and she smiled at him gently. Her hands felt softer than when they had first met. No longer were they coarse from fighting and manual labour, but now her palms felt as if someone had turned her very skin to silk. Of course, Stormtroopers didn’t understand the use of moisturisers, but neither did scavengers from Jakku. He presumed it must have been something to do with the Force (still not understanding how it worked), when really it was just General Organa taking her in and caring for her as her own. “I’m glad you’re okay Finn, don’t think about it.” She told him. “Come on, you need to have something to drink, and you should get warmed up. Don’t you have a physio session this afternoon?” She was right, and he had forgotten. His mind had been elsewhere. While his body had been improving constantly since he woke up, to the point where he could now roam freely and very rarely have any sorts of pain, his mind had suffered a great deal and nothing had been done about it. At some point he was sure something would change, that the nightmares would go away, that Starkiller Base would stop returning to him in his dreams, but for now he had decided to soldier on. Wasn’t that what he was meant to do, after all? He looked up to Rey and nodded, squeezing her hands as a way of letting her know that he was okay. She didn’t buy it, of course, but she seemed to feel a little better knowing that he was at least well enough to compose himself and keep in control. # # # “Poe’s not back then?” Rey asked, watching as Finn picked at his food. Perhaps he was missing his friend, and maybe that was the problem. “He should be back soon. When’s his check in?” “Yesterday.” He responded quietly. Before Rey could speak again, he looked up to her and gave her a reassuring look. “He’ll be fine, he always is. If something had gone wrong, they’d know by now. Someone would’ve put out a signal calling for help. Their mission’s just taking longer than expected.” “You miss him.” She said, a statement rather than a question. Finn nodded, but lowered his head. “I miss both of you. You’re my friends, my best friends. I know you’re busy with training and Poe still has missions to take part in, but I miss you both.” He admitted, looking at his food rather than Rey. He didn’t want to see the look in her eyes. She had known loneliness like no one else he’d ever met, what he was saying now felt selfish. He wished he could have taken it all back for she had suffered so much more than he ever could. Before he could apologise, however, Rey stood up and moved around the table to sit at his side and rest her head on his shoulder. Even without looking, he could tell that he eyes were closed and that she was thinking to herself. After a long period of silence, during which neither of them moved (and Finn hardly breathed for fear of disturbing the position she had sat in), Rey finally spoke up. “I’m sorry.” She said. “I forget that other people like being around other people.” A beat. “Not that I don’t like being around you, I’m just not particularly used to it.” Finn remained silent, she didn’t have to make excuses to him. He could accept it – people were busy and were trying to win a war. “When Poe comes back, I’ll talk to Master Skywalker, the three of us will do something. I promise. We’re not going to leave you here alone Finn.” And if he was honest with himself, being left alone wasn’t what he was most afraid of. If Poe and Rey carried their own things and went on their separate paths, then they wouldn’t be there if his nightmares ever came true, if the First Order returned for him to gain information about the Resistance Base, or if they came simply to kill him. He was, to them, nothing more than a traitor. As these thoughts hammered at his mind, his mood was taking a turn for the worst. Fear was consuming him and he had to get away. Finn pushed his food away from him and turned to face Rey, watching her move her head from his shoulder to look back at him. “You don’t have to do anything for me.” He said. “You need to train, to become the best Jedi there has ever been. You can kill Kylo Ren and Supreme Leader Snoke, you can end this all Rey. You don’t have to spare a moment for me.” Finn stood up, bringing a hand to the middle of his spine and pinching the skin there for a short moment. Rey just continued to look at him, unsure if she should speak. “Find Master Skywalker and continue your training, I’ve got to go to my session.” He said, pushing every thought from his head of being captured, or worse. He returned to his room, locked the door behind him and collapsed onto his bed. He let out a deep breath and stared at the ceiling ahead of him. Never had his quarters felt quite as cold and as empty as they did right then. # # # “Where’s Finn?” Were the first words off Poe Dameron’s lips when he approached Rey after landing. “What, not even a hello?” She laughed, but her expression wasn’t one that showed that she was amused. She was worried, but she kept it well hidden. It could only be seen in her eyes, which Poe had, a long time ago, learnt to read like a book. “Is he okay?” He asked, running a hand through his tousled hair. “He’s not back in the med bay is he?” “Something’s wrong with him. I saw it, I felt it, but he wouldn’t tell me. I’ve not seen him for days. But I’ve been training with Master Skywalker. Maybe he’s just not been told you’ve returned yet. He might be in a session, or he could be anywhere. I’m sure you’ll catch him.” She told him reassuringly. “Don’t worry Poe, we should have all been worrying about you. You were due back days ago.” Rey said, with a smile – and a genuine one at that. The way her eyes lit up made Poe’s heart return to its chest rather than remain in his throat where it had resided when he noticed the lack of Finn. “I must return to training, but I’m sure I’ll see you around soon. General Organa doesn’t like the idea of Master Skywalker leaving D’Qar any time in the near future, and I think he’s happy to be back.” With that, Rey turned and left Poe standing in the middle of the busy hangar, eyes still frantically searching the crowd in case Finn had snuck in without him realising. But all that surrounded him was the heavy stench of fuel that clung to everyone after a long mission and engineers and mechanics heading to the ships. With a heavy heart, Poe’s head dropped a little and he looked down at his helmet. At least he had BB-8, the droid having already returned to his charging station to rest and repair. He’d find Finn soon, as soon as his work was done with the General, he’d find his friend and find out what was wrong. Chapter 2 : Fear Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Leia Organa was a kind woman, and that was something she took pride in knowing. Of course at times she had to seem uncaring and insensitive, but that was an occupational hazard. In reality, behind the cold hard face she sometimes put up, she knew everyone’s name individually. Each commander and officer, every volunteer to work in the kitchens, Leia Organa would smile and say hello if she could. On occasions, someone like Poe Dameron would show up, and something different would happen. The relationship would extend between simply knowing each other’s name, and would evolve into a friendship. When two people work so closely together for so long, fighting for a cause they both believe in so deeply, it is impossible to not form some kind of friendship. Leia hated to admit it, and if anyone were to ask she likely never would, but Poe had almost been used to fill the hole left in her heart when she lost Han, Ben, and Luke. Not that Poe minded, of course, but Leia never wanted to think that she could replace the three men she loved more than anything in the galaxy. However, the bond that formed between the General and the pilot allowed Leia to see one thing - Poe Dameron was certainly not himself. The mission hadn’t strayed too far from what was planned, the debriefing should have been quick and simple, but she could see that something was troubling him. Behind the cold face she put on in front of everyone in the meeting she tried to reach out to him and feel what was hurting him, but with an untrained mind she could not see what he did not want her to. She left, quickly, not wanting to remind him of what Kylo Ren had done to him only months ago, but a glance shared between the two told her enough. The meeting ended and Poe stayed behind. Leia didn’t have to request him to stay for him to know that she wanted him. She didn’t try to use the force often, and if she had tried to use it on him then it must have been serious. As the room emptied, Leia approached Poe and he stood in front of her with his head held low, like a school boy in trouble. Even if the atmosphere was less formal, he couldn’t shake the feeling that he was in trouble. “What’s troubling you, Poe?” Leia asked him, her voice as soothing as ever. “You’re not usually this quiet after a mission. You don’t look like you’ve been hurt.” A few moments of silence passed before Poe spoke. “How’s Finn been?” He asked, straight to the point. There was no point in beating around the bush. As the war was growing around them, there was no time for being vague in his answers. “Rey said she hadn’t seen him in a few days when I landed, I’m just worried.” Leia nodded understandingly at his question. The three had been inseparable once Finn had regained consciousness and when Rey had returned with Luke. She knew where the worry came from, and she knew it well. When she was a little younger than Rey, she too had met two people that she could barely imagine her life without and would do anything to keep them safe. The relationship the three shared almost reminded her of herself, Luke, and Han when they were younger, to the point that it hurt. She would never wish for people to be as closely involved in a war as they had been, yet here it was, all over again. “I haven’t seen him.” She said, honestly, but as gently as she could. Poe cared for Finn, and she didn’t want to hurt him by being too abrupt with her answers. “He never attended his last physiotherapy session.” The silence arose again, neither party quite sure of what to say to the other. Poe nodded and took it all in, why hadn’t Finn gone to physiotherapy? He had seemed so persistent about getting better. With worrying gnawing away at his mind, Poe held a hand up to the General to signify his farewell and left without a word. # # # Finn didn’t know what time it was, but sunlight was pouring into his quarters. He had awoken due to a heavy fall as he had rolled out of his bed and hit the floor uncomfortably. He remembered his nightmare, every tiny little detail of it, and for several long moments after being jolted from it he could barely tell the difference between where he had been and where he was now. It was only when he realised that he was alone in his room on the resistance base, that he knew he was safe. But it wasn’t enough to rid his mind of the images of what he had dreamt of. Every time he blinked he could see it. He didn’t want to see it, not again. If he saw it again then it meant he had been retaken by the First Order, something he never wanted to happen. It wasn’t the punishment that he would receive that frightened him, it was the fact that, if he was not killed, he would be forced to return to the lifestyle he wished to escape. He would not kill for the First Order, no matter what they did to him. As he tried to compose himself, he got to his feet and crossed the room, turning the tap on his sink and splashing cold water in his face. He pressed his fingers into his eyes and squeezed the bridge of his nose, trying to bring himself back to reality. As he let the water drip down onto his shirt, he sighed. At some point in the next few minutes, he wasn’t really sure when, the water turned to tears. Finn sunk back to the ground, leaning back against a wall, and he let them fall silently. He didn’t want to cry, he had to show that he was stronger than what the First Order had done to him. He wanted to show that he could fight back, that they didn’t control him anymore. But in his dreams he had no power to defend himself, and it seemed that he hadn’t quite escaped. Tears morphed into sobs, and sobs morphed into one long, loud, pained, frustrated scream. After that, all he heard was footsteps running in the opposite direction. His throat was sore, his eyes were dry, and he was alone. # # # Poe went to his ship. He didn’t go to find Rey, to find Jess or Snaps, or any of his friends. After hearing the screams of his friend and doing nothing – even worse, running away – he felt as if he deserved to be alone. It wasn’t like him to turn away from someone in need, especially someone he loved as dearly as Finn, but hearing him like that had frightened him like nothing else ever could. He’d go to Rey later, after he’d thought about it, and the two of them would go to see Finn together and make sure he was okay. Perhaps he needed some time on his own anyway, Poe knew that nothing was worse than someone walking in on you crying. Even that thought left him feeling a little guilty. He’d abandoned his friend when he needed him, there was no way around that. Finn had done everything for him, and he couldn’t even console him when he was crying? Poe didn’t do what he had planned on doing, which was playing with his X-Wing, taking his mind off what had happened. Instead, he sat against it and looked out of the hangar and into the distance. The sun was setting, and most of the base were either in the canteen preparing to start an evening shift, or getting ready to go to bed. He was alone, and he could do nothing but thank every deity that there was for that. As he breathed deeply and stared out as the stars in front of him began to appear, he tried to think of what he would do with Finn to make up for this. He tried to think of places to take him to show him how much he meant to him, different planets around different stars with new foods for him to try, to show him the freedom he had now that the First Order was behind him. Even if Finn was still part of this war, Poe wanted to show him that the galaxy wasn’t just war and hatred and pain, he wanted to show him the beauty that was left untouched, unharmed by either side. In the silence, Rey had crept into the hangar and made her way slowly to Poe’s side. It was only when she was a few paces away that he noticed her. He didn’t move, letting her simply sit beside him. “Don’t be afraid.” She told him. “I can feel it. Please, don’t be afraid. Finn needs our help, we can’t be afraid.” Rey said softly, her head resting on Poe’s shoulder. As she closed her eyes, he felt himself relax a little and move to complete the gesture, his own head moving to rest against hers. “Why did you come to me?” “Because Finn loves you too, because he misses you. And because I can sense that you’re both upset. I need to look after both of you.” She smiled softly, though her eyes were filled with pain. She still wasn’t used to having so much social interaction with people, especially in such a friendly and intimate manner, but it was something she was becoming accustomed to. She was getting used to the feeling of wanting others to be happy as well, it was a warm feeling, but something that made her stomach churn when the people she wanted to be happy weren’t. Poe still didn’t seem happy, so she moved for a second and bit down on her lip, cautiously pulling him into a hug and holding him there. Hugs were another thing that Rey wasn’t quite used to yet. But that wasn’t to say that she didn’t like them. In fact, quite the opposite was true. Rey loved hugs. She could be strong for as long as she needed to be, but someone hugging her made her feel so safe, so secure, that all her worries would melt away for a moment and she could simply feel warm and happy. She hoped she was doing that for Poe just now. The two of them sat there in a silent embrace, content to stay there with each other aside from their joint fear and worry for the third party. It didn’t feel the same without him, and they both missed it. They may have been used to being apart, but when the three of them had time to spend with each other there was never anything that could stand between them and it. Whatever was wrong with Finn frightened them both, and neither of them were strong enough to help him alone. Rey was the first to break the hug, she always was. Poe would always hold her for as long as she needed it, knowing she had never grown up with the same affection as he did, knowing that she needed the hug more. As she did, she stood, and Poe looked up at her. He could get lost in those eyes, but today he refused to let that be the case. Instead, he laced his fingers with hers and stood up slowly. They’d find him, and they’d help him, together. They were a team. Poe couldn’t help but watch Rey through the corner of his eyes as they walked through the base, glad that she had the strength to be brave when he could do nothing but run away and cower with his X-Wing. He had no idea where he’d be without her, without Finn, and he had no reason for wanting to know where he’d be without them. He owed them everything, now was about time to start returning his favours. Notes: Hey guys, forget to leave a note at the end of the last chapter! So first of all thanks for reading, this is my first Star Wars fanfic (and my first fanfic in for.ever.) so please excuse me as I get back into the writing of it. If you're wondering, this will probably be angsty, forever, because that's my style. If you want fluff, let me know, especially if you have suggestions for one shots or something, and I'll happily write them!