ACT I: The Abduction, Part I Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ACT I: The Abduction, Part I 32 ABY J akku’s desert storms are said to have a fierceness to them that make them a living thing. The name the Teedos give to the turbulent, roaring thunder and winds that happen during these storms is X’us’R’iia , named after their god. They say that the roar of the winds and the clap of thunder is R’iia’s breath, whistling through the skeletons of downed starships in the Graveyard of Giants. Any lengthening of the storm’s life is interpreted as terrible vengeance R’iia exacts for whatever sin the Teedos visit upon each other. Rey doesn’t believe in such superstitions, but she can’t deny the ferocity of this particular storm. It’s unrelenting and shows no sign of letting up after nearly three days. The longest on record is said to be a month-long storm that consumed entire outposts in the Goazon Badlands. Stories of mothers shrouding their children’s heads in clothes wetted with precious water to keep the sand clear of their mouthes and eyes during the night cycle only to wake up and find them suffocated under piles of sand in their shoddy tents - these are the tales that fill the tapcafs and bazaars in the region when black, rolling thunderheads are spotted over the dunes. When she spotted such a phenomenon during her morning scavenging near the Sinking Fields three days back, she’d immediately sided with her instincts and loaded up what she had on her speeder before starting the trek back home. Unfortunately the X’us’R’iia was quicker than her and Rey’d found shelter in the familiar remains of the Ravager, ‘least she be swallowed by the angry winds rumored and confirmed to strip flesh from bone by seasoned scavengers who’d seen such happenings. Her burner lets out a spit of flame as Rey breaks the seal on the vacuum packet containing the second to last of her field rations. She’s stretched out her stores by a few days by eating only once every eighteen hour cycle. Packing extra rations was a necessity when you headed so many klicks inward in the ship graveyard. You never knew when Jakku was going to try and swallow you whole. Take for instance this very scenario she was living right this second. She fishes out a strip of rehydrated meat from the deflated packet, the suspiciously green substance covering it sizzling on the fryer once she sets it on the hot metal. Rey uses a piece of clean scrap to flip it, sucking the heat out of the burn she gets for her trouble when some of the meager fat sizzles off the strip of meat. She didn’t think to bring her only fork along so she makes do with the long lathe of durasteel she’d stripped off a control panel for the turbolasers. Around her, the Ravager howls with the sounds of the X’us’R’iia raging outside of its hull. Rey has made a small encampment on a dune of sand that has gathered in what she knows was once the forward batteries of the crippled Executor -class super star destroyer. She chances a glance at her speeder behind her, parked in the darkness outside of the glow of her burner’s tiny flame. Rey had already gutted what was still useful along the fringe of this sector. Her bike’s cargo net is already weighted down with bartering finds and scrap she will save for herself. Grease coats her brow, now pore-deep after years of simple oil baths since water is far too precious to waste on bathing like the few wealthy (if you can consider owning a lean-to of your own constituting wealth) enjoy with their water surpluses every week. When she lifts a hand to scrub at her itching head, her hand comes away only slightly grimy with oil. Rey digs her teeth into the tough strip of meat once both sides are thoroughly greened, oddly reminiscent of the time she boiled leather from a scavenged flightsuit’s straps to fill the void of her stomach during a lean year when she was ten. The fryer is cool enough for her to lick the metal once she finishes, careful to swipe every last drop of weak sauce onto her tongue. Her stomach still aches from emptiness, but it’s lessened greatly after her meal. She douses the light on her burner and neatly packs it away on her speeder. This isn’t the longest she’s gone without seeing another being. Still, the solitude creeps into her bones and she has to huddle beneath her bedroll to block out the terrible sounds of R’iia’s howling, Rey’s fingers ever-tightening around her quarterstaff until sleep takes her. ---- Early in the morning on the fourth day, the X’us’R’iia dies. Of course, the landscape has shifted significantly. It always does after such a storm. Entire dunes taller than even the most prominent bridges of crashed dreadnoughts have been born or destroyed in a matter of days, covering or uncovering new ships. When Rey passes along a familiar trail, she spots at least ten small craft she’s never seen in this sector. They’re already swarmed with scavengers that must’ve set out early to enjoy the spoils of the storm. For certain, as soon as the sun rises it will bring the crowds out to the ship graveyard. When she arrives at Niima Outpost hours later, the bazaar is packed and there seems to be a good bit of activity near the constabulary’s roughhewn building and Niima’s meager spaceport (if you could call a few landing bays a spaceport) situated directly behind it. Rey swallows her curiosity for now and dismounts from the speeder, unhitching the cargo net to let her latest finds spill out onto the sand. She sifts through the burnished desh and plastoid for the best find - an alluvial damper pried from the shattered hyperdrive of a Y-wing. Rey is careful to camouflage the more valuable finds she wants to save for herself by hiding them behind worthless scrap, tidying it all into a neat pile in the cargo net. She pulls the ignition switch out of her speeder, mindful of thieves, and pockets the key along with the damper in her satchel. Rey starts her way through the bazaar, her mouth watering at the smell of real meat sizzling on a burner at the food stalls. Passing them without nicking a potsticker for herself is a strain - she’d learned early on to not attempt such stunts. The scar across her back from Constable Zuvio’s electrostaff reminds her that while scavengers may be tolerated at Niima Outpost, no one will suffer a thief. “Looks like the dunerat survived the storm,” notes Unkar Plutt once she makes her way to his storefront. Rey grunts, a noncommittal sound that he can interpret as a greeting. She isn’t in the mood for barbs. Her mask remains firmly over her face to guard her expression, which shows only disgust once the junkboss takes the damper from her outstretched hands. Rey keeps her mouth shut, letting the so-called Blobfish turn over her find in his hands as he weighs the worth of the part in his mind. It’s a nickname no scavenger will say to his face if they value their livelihood, but Rey has muttered it plenty a time under her breath while walking away from one of his sour deals - if she were to refuse, she wouldn’t eat that night. “That’s made out of genuine teniline, not hexophilenine,” Rey insists once Plutt wordlessly shoves only two quarter portions across the worn countertop. “Worth at least twice what you’re giving me.” “You see any other junkboss rushing to make you a better offer, girl? You’ll take two quarter portions and be all the more grateful for my generosity,” he barks out, setting the alluvial damper on a shelf behind him, the damper she’d spent two hours prying from the hyperdrive while the wind and sun beat at her bent back. She’d been so careful not to damage it and lessen the value - every iota of the teniline that comprised it was worth its weight in ration packs. Rey grimaces against her mask, grateful for the concealment. Plutt would’ve snatched the portions back if he could see her expression right this second. She takes the portions offered after that moment of hesitation, giving him her back as she makes for the washing tables to clean the rest of the contents of her cargo net. “And don’t forget that you still owe me for those three days spent in the storm, dunerat. I know you’re holding out on me if this is all you’ve got to show for your little holiday in the sand,” Plutt shouts over the din of the bazaar. Rey ignores him and goes to retrieve her finds from her speeder. She’d parked it by the archway leading into the outpost. Rey retrieves the majority of her better finds, stuffing them in her emptied satchel before making her way for the tents that house the washing tables and workbenches. She’ll owe Plutt a portion of her finds for using his facilities, but it’s worth the increases in value of the parts when she does the maintenance and cleaning by her own hands. Rey picks out an unoccupied workbench across from Old Traz, a veteran scrapper who now totters from her tent to this tent, scrubbing parts for the remainder of her life to earn room and board from the Teedo who owns her. Rey’s own future, in a way. She tries not to see herself in the bend of Old Traz’s arthritic fingers and wrinkles whenever she visits Niima. Lately it’s becoming harder to ignore as the years lengthen and no one, no one returns for her on this rock. “Rey,” croaks out the old woman, blinking rheumy eyes at her once she notices the girl taking the bench opposite. Rey shucks off her head covering and mask, absolutely filthy. Luckily there’s a breeze to take some of the stink away. She resolves to barter for an extra cleansing towelette before she leaves for her bolthole tonight. “Thought you’d been taken by the wind.” “Not hardly - found your old spot in the Ravager and stayed put until the storm died this morning.” Old Traz smiles, the worn lines deepening around her eyes. “Clever of you. The gnaw-jaws must’ve migrated further south - they used to swarm that old ship during the storm season. It’s a wonder you didn’t get bitten.” “Didn’t see a one,” Rey replies, sorting through the pile of desh in her bag until her fingers land on a transpacitor scavenged from the same Y-wing she got the alluvial damper out of. She picks up a plastifibe agitator from the workbench’s toolkit to clear out the ventral surface of the device, powering the agitator up to a low, gentle hum that will shake the sand out of the obscure crannies in the fist-sized hunk of metal. “What’s that commotion over by Zuvio’s office?” Rey tries her best to sound disinterested over the sound of the agitator's buzzing. She can hear groups of other scavengers talking excitedly over her shoulder about the traffic going in and out of Constable Zuvio’s building. Old Traz shrugs, her ragged nails picking out grit on the exhaust manifold she’s working on. “Oh, some shuttle came in this morning as soon as the storm let up. Off-worlders looking for someone, I’d heard,” dodders Traz, shooting a sharp look towards the spaceport. “What sort of off-worlders?” Rey stops, the transpacitor and agitator forgotten in her hands. Her stomach hardens into a knot and suddenly the spaceport needs to be just a little bit more to the left so she can get a look at this shuttle. “Humans, by the look of them. Certainly not with the New Republic, if I’m any judge. They remind me more of the Imperials from my days, so I'd bet these are the type to avoid,” mutters Traz, her hunched shoulders bending to her task. Curiosity gets the best of Rey an hour later. She sets down her finds near Traz where she knows they’ll be looked after, carefully secreting her second ration pack into the old woman’s empty satchel where she will find it tonight in her tent. After that, it’s simply a short, meandering walk around the stalls before she’s running her fingertips along the familiar sandstone walls of the constabulary’s outpost. She’s struck dumb by the sight of the ship, crowded onto the narrow landing pad and flocked by armed guards. Old Traz had it right when she said they looked like Imperials. Rey’d heard rumors about this First Order - they were rumors best spoken about in hushed whispers in the tapcafs, tellings about remnants of the old empire that managed to survive and thrive in the deep space of the Unknown Regions after being forced out of the Core by the New Republic. None of that matters out here on the Inner Rim. Jakku is part of the Freestanding Subsectors. Anyone under the junkbosses on this planet are no better than slaves. That much Rey understands after so many years on this backwater. Rey takes a look at the guards and is reminded of the Imperial skeletons littering the wastes. Composite plastoid plating, white in color. Helmets like the one she’d stripped to get eyepieces for her gear years ago. The stormtroopers mill around the docking ramp at the fore of the shuttle, seemingly oblivious towards the girl hanging around the packing crates fifteen yards away. Her eyes devour every angle of this new, strange ship. The stabilizers are not so dissimilar to a Theta -class shuttle, but the length of them is all Upsilon . The durasteel of the hull is burnished to a near black sheen and the twin laser cannons show signs of recent carbon scoring around the muzzle. She's busy circling around to the other side of the building to get a view of the twin ion engine when a flash of light catches on moving chrome. “Her,” she hears a stormtrooper mutter to another, possibly a subordinate. The trooper certainly looks different from the rest, standing a clear head taller than the others with a short cape capping a shoulder. They gesture towards her with their rifle. Rey’s gut wrenches and she tries to act as naturally as possible in walking away. Get her things, get out. Stay in the wastes until this crowd of off-worlders blow through and return to wherever they came from. The plan is sound and solid in her mind. Until she runs into a wall of cloth and armor while turning a corner around the constabulary’s building on her way back to the washing tables. Hands band around her biceps and freeze her in place, lifting her slight weight upwards. Rey is left staring into the flat, scarred steel of a helm. Her limbs turn leaden and she can't move. “What did I tell you, good sir? Scrappy thing, our Rey. Knew she’d make it back, just as I promised - Unkar Plutt is as good as his word,” gloats the Crolute from behind the man, because it definitely is a male holding her to where her toes would have to scramble for purchase on the ground. If she could budge. His breathing comes out in short, clipped sounds from a voice modulator. Shrouded from head to toe in black, some form of weapon hanging from a wide belt - her hair rises up on the back of her neck. Rey feels panic knot in her throat as her eyes fix on the narrow slit of his visor. He doesn’t say a word, merely observing as Plutt talks. Plutt is with Constable Zuvio, both lumbering up to leer at Rey from beneath their caps. The constable looks less amused by the exchange, probably eager to give these off-worlders what they want so they can clear out of the outpost. Plutt is all smiles - something that frightens Rey immeasurably. “She’s a fresh seventeen if she’s a day - still got all of her teeth. Clever hands and a quick mind. Literate, fluent in Binary and Huttese, understands some other languages. Still untouched, if I’ve had anything to say about it to those that were brave enough to come sniffing around her on my watch,” Plutt’s fat fingers stroke his chin contemplatively and Rey feels bile bubble up her throat. “Can fix anything from a droid’s memory core to a blown swoop bike’s manifold. Taught herself to pilot some of the smaller craft, but she’s got a rebellious streak a parsec long. I’ll discount her to you for...fifty thousand,” Plutt wheedles. Rey is half-shocked that the junkboss knows this much about her. What takes her more aback is that he was bargaining for her. The man in the mask seems equally baffled by Plutt’s offer, as does the trooper with the chrome-gilded armor that joins him to his left, a broad blaster rifle secured in their hands. The off-worlders both tilt their masks curiously at the junkboss. The scavenger feels the slow flex of the man’s fingers under the leather of his gloves before he gingerly sets her on the ground, turning his back on her to speak to Plutt. The leaden feeling dissolves from her limbs. “You seem to be under the impression that this is a negotiation, worm. We’re not haggling over her price. We’re going to take her,” says the masked man, as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world. Rey hears the whoomp of something igniting - the closest thing she’s heard to it in her life is the sound Constable Zuvio’s electrostaff makes while it is amping up. But this is a louder, fiercer roar . It still is ringing in her ears when the fat, fleshy folds of Unkar Plutt’s neck are cauterized in a sweep of fire. His cap soars and Rey wastes no time watching the junkboss’s head tumble to the sand, already turning to bolt for Niima’s gate as Constable Zuvio starts shouting for his militiamen. Another shccchk and his familiar voice is cut short by a pained screech behind her. The rest of the outpost has her very same idea - run, run . They all surge forward in panicked flocks, mothers with babes in arms and the oldest of tinkerers struggling towards the gates to Niima Outpost. They’re blocked, though. The stormtroopers move in solid lines, flanking the vendors by their stalls and forming a solid perimeter with blasters raised at the gate. Rey spins mid-stride and makes for another exit until something jerks at her navel and closes tight around her throat. The lead is back in her veins, rooting her to the spot as she's suspended. Her feet leave the sand. The stormtrooper in chrome strides past her, shouting orders at the throngs of scavengers. Rey sees one stormtrooper roughly handle Old Traz to her knees, the old woman blinking in bafflement before the butt of the trooper’s rifle impacts. Blood spreads in her grey hair as she drops like a stone to the ground. Rey chokes on a scream of rage that can’t move past her tongue. The thing in the mask finally moves into her field of vision, his stride easy and unhurried. He’s buckling the cylindrical device back to his belt, the device that forms fire into a living blade. “Please,” she gasps past the phantom hand around her throat. She can’t see it but she knows it’s there, an intangible force that somehow is choking her until her vision spots. Finally it relents and the pressure disappears - Rey regains her footing and clutches at her throat, the bruises already hot under her fingers. “Why?” she manages, watching as the troopers start forming the people of the outpost into tightly contained groups. “All that you need to know now is that you’re my property ,” he enunciates carefully, as if she’s a slow-witted gizka, “I’ve killed your master. You have no power with which to barter with. You’re coming aboard that shuttle.” The man continues, managing to sound amused despite the voice modulator scrambling his tone to a monotonous drone. His head tilts, translating in her eyes as mute fascination with her frantic attempts to keep her feet firmly rooted in the sand of this planet. Rey reaches for her quarterstaff, the weapon coming down in a heavy swing towards his middle once she frees it from the strap on her shoulder. The creature in the mask waves his hand and suddenly the ground is rushing towards her. A panicked thought crosses her mind before her face impacts with the dirt - You don't understand - I need to be here. What if they come back for me and I'm not here ? Notes: I really couldn't stay away for long. A note - this takes place roughly two/three-ish years before the events of The Force Awakens. It will be utilizing a few 'fan theories' that will show up in the plot. This is not going to be a happy ride. It will deal with graphic subject matter and violence that I will do my best to trigger warn before the start of chapters that contain it. No rape/implied rape/non-con will occur in this story. That being said, a lot of bad shit will happen. Dark siders at their core are the worst kind of people in the Star Wars 'verse. You've been warned. Just so we're all clear, Rey will be firmly in the realm of eighteen standard years of age when this story earns its explicit rating for sexual content. Chapter 2 : ACT I: The Abduction, Part II Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ACT I: The Abduction, Part II W hen the sickly-sweet smell of bacta registers with her senses, Rey comes awake with a sudden start. Her thoughts are sluggish, stringent rays of light from overhead lamps filtering through her closed lids. She finally forces her eyes open with what feels like every iota of energy she has left. She’s strapped to some sort of rack, elevated at a precarious angle where she has to strain to keep from slipping against the tight durasteel of the restraints around her wrists and ankles. The room around her is stark, nothing but unfurnished paneling and slats of lighting. Her vision swims as she focuses on the looming shadow in the corner. The shadow takes form as it moves forward, solidifying into the tall, imposing lines of the man in the mask. “Where am I?” she croaks, her voice scratchy. When she swallows, she can feel the bacta-patches strain from where they’ve been pasted around her throat. Rey feels the sweet, unfamiliar burn of the medicine leeching into her skin as it heals the bruising around her vocal cords. Whoever he is, he’s gone to a lot of trouble to keep her in one piece. Her nose should be at least sore from hitting the ground, but she can't feel anything amiss besides the bruising from the force that'd choked her into silence before the man robbed her of consciousness at Niima. She can count the times she’s had any sort of medical aide from such luxuries on one hand, and always at a great cost to barter for. For every fever and scrape she’s had, Rey has relied on her own knowledge of the healing properties that come from spindly plants that grow on Jakku - knowledge passed on by the kinder scrappers and Old Traz. “Aboard a ship,” he answers, never breaking his line of sight on her as he slowly paces a trail in front of the rack. His posture is restless, his shoulders shifting under the heavy fabric of his robe. Rey tracks him with her eyes. “I gathered that, but where ,” she insists, a sense of vertigo setting in. Are they still in orbit around Jakku? Is it possible for her to get off this ship and back to the familiar wastes to keep waiting? “Somewhere along the Guu Run,” he says, shattering her fragile hope in less than eight syllables. They’re already traveling along the only hyperlane that extends into the Western Reaches. Rey feels her lungs constrict and her vision spins. She slumps forward against her restraints, forcing herself to breathe in through her nose and out through her mouth. Rey has never been this far away from home in living memory. “What about Niima?” She already knows the answer. She can smell ozonic reek of blaster fire clinging to both of them. Her eyes fix on that cylindrical hilt strapped to his belt. She wonders how many familiar faces were bathed by the firelight of the laser blade before it cut through them like it did Unkar Plutt's thick neck. “The outpost wasn’t spared,” he states. Rey’s head keeps spinning, her vision blurring at the corners as she fights back angry tears. She refuses to let this creature see her grieve. She clenches her mouth around any foolish noise threatening to spill out and hopes it lends her a contorted, fierce expression of defiance. He remains impassive as she shouts and rails against her restraints, twice-damning him before he exits the room without another word to her. Only then does Rey collapse, her shoulders sagging under the weight of so many lives. ---- “I hope your shore leave was as productive as the debriefing from Phasma made it out to be,” Hux says to him over a flimsy. More logistical readouts concerning the restocking they’re no doubt due for after they make it to the Dromund system. The general is waiting by the detention block’s turbolifts, no doubt eager to hear more about this classified operation that he was kept largely in the dark over. Kylo Ren ignores him and motions to a lieutenant milling around the control consoles. “Take the girl detained in cell two-four-seven to the medbay. Monitor her closely. Have the droids decontaminate her and run a standard checkup - make sure she’s not crawling with parasites,” he orders. The officer scurries down the corridor towards the girl’s cell, taking two sentry droids with him. The ruckus that ensues down the hall once they free the female from her restraints is tremendous. It holds Hux’s attention so thoroughly that the man forgets to continue badgering him. Kylo never knew one girl could make so much damn noise , but here she was - destroying the peace and tranquility of the normally tomb-silent detention block on the Finalizer . “Spirited, that one,” notes Hux, his tone dry as he glances up from the flimsy to get a look at the girl down the corridor as she fights tooth and nail with the sentry droids. They manage to restrain her properly with cuffs before dragging her off behind the lieutenant, a few impressive curses in Huttese whose existence Kylo was previously unaware of reaching his ears. “Spirited, but lacking the trait that the Supreme Leader was so certain she possessed.” Kylo flexes his fingers. She was Force-blind, as far as he could tell. The scant time in the cell probing her mind proved it. Some combat skills cultivated from a lifetime of living in that hellhole, but otherwise ungifted. In these moments he doubted the Supreme Leader’s foresight. “Really? I’ve heard he’s never wrong about his hopefuls.” Hux purses his mouth into a thin, thoughtful line. Kylo has always respected at least one thing about Hux and that is his ability to limit his facial expressions to two presets - genuine disgust and a perfect scowl. Right now it’s the latter. “There’s a first time for everything, general.” Kylo will be damned if he gives Hux anything to run on. This especially was none of his business. Hux shrugs off the deflecting comment thrown his way, stowing away the flimsy on his person. “We’ll pace back through Hutt space and avoid the main hyperlanes. No need to draw more attention to ourselves. This operation has already drawn enough undue attention. I trust everyone in that settlement was exterminated to minimize a security breech?” “Thoroughly. All that’s left of the place are the buildings and the rusting ships on its perimeters,” Ren replies. “Then we’re to escort you and the girl as far as Dromund Kaas before returning to our oversector? I expected that we would at least remain in orbit while the selection process was underway, in case it goes unwell for your prospect and you’re forced to resume your normal duties.” Hux must've woken up wanting to try his patience today. Kylo flexes his fingers to form a tight fist once more. “It’s the business of the knights, not the military.” “Aren’t they one in the same?” Hux drones, unamused. Kylo Ren turns sharply on his heel towards the lifts, his answer to Hux almost lost in background hum of conversation floating between the detention block’s personnel. “Hardly.” ---- After Rey manages to kick the articulated limb off the FX-7 droid trying to shred her clothing off of her, its supervisory 2-1B surgical droid injects her with a mild sedative to slow her movements enough for new restraints to be clamped around her wrists. She’d been un-cuffed once she was turned over to the droids by the lieutenant and his sentry droids. Big mistake on their part. Rey finally lets the two droids crowd her onto an examination table once the sedative hits her bloodstream, the thought of stormtroopers having to oversee this process thoroughly unappealing. That fear pacifies whatever violence she held towards the droids when she first entered the medbay. She can deal with machines handling her - their touch is perfunctory and impersonal as the sedative sinks Rey into a numb, tranquil state. So she lets the droid cut away her rags and shoes, the surgical tools whirring loudly as they slice through the tough Govath-wool of her boots. She's stripped to her skin as they run bioscanners over every inch of her body. As they peel the bacta-patches off of her throat, Rey wonders where her quarterstaff is. Confiscated or disposed of, probably. Her fingers itch for its comforting weight as the 2-1B spiders an instrument across her ribcage. “Growth slightly stunted by malnourishment in the past, but she shows strong vital signs. There should be no lasting effects if proper nutrition and supplements are introduced immediately,” says the 2-1B to itself, pressing a hypo to her arm. Rey jerks at the slight pressure of the hypo injecting into the surface of her skin. She can feel the individual needles as they worm in before something cool spreads. The coolness dissolves into a faint, pleasant burn. The droids poke and prod her more. Rey focuses her eyes on the rounded, scope-like camera situated in the corner of the medbay. It’s been tracking her every movement as the droids tug her to the various stations and equipment spread around the medbay. She tries to suppress the idea that someone might be watching this procedure, humiliation already burning brightly in her chest. “What’s that?” she asks warily when the surgical droid produces a tiny chip held delicately by forceps, her tongue leaden from the sedatives. Her speech comes out as a slow, slurred murmur once the droid takes the chip to her arm, making a neat incision in her skin with a scalpel. There must be a numbing agent in this drug they’ve given her - she can only feel a slight sting accompanying the deep cut and is mesmerized by the play of dark, rich blood threading down her bicep. The FX-7 wheels over with gauze to mop up the site once the B-1B slides the chip under the flap of skin, sealing the cut with bacta as it pinks into a neat scar. “Immunochip against most communicable disease - also contraceptive, good for a decade,” chirps the 2-1B. “Standard issue for the prospects.” “Prospects?” she prods the 2-1B with the question - it speaks actual Basic versus the Binary its FX-7 counterpart is spewing and appears to have a higher sense of self along with superiority. “Any further queries must be directed towards your superior,” cuts the 2-1B, its tone brooking no argument. By superior, she thinks it means the creature in the mask. They run a few more procedures until Rey is shivering in the recycled, cool air of the ship. They’ve yet to give her anything to wear save for a flimsy paper wrap to clutch around her body. Rey almost breaks down when the FX-7 extends its digits out to cut the ties of her hair. It falls to her shoulders in free-flowing waves. They run a strip of harsh light over every bit of skin from the neck down, striping the fine hairs on her body away to leave her as pink and raw as a newborn. Her fingers tremble when they strip the thin paper shroud away, urging her towards the far end of the medbay. The FX-7 preps a small metal stall with spouts overhead. Rey is herded into it to stand under a shocking torrent of hot water that is rife with stringent cleaning solutions. She watches it strip the oil embedded under her nails, the permanent stains of chemicals fading from her fingertips from years of scrubbing parts. It's a solid bet to wager that she hasn't been this clean since birth. By the end of the decon-shower, Rey feels scraped raw. The FX-7 helps dress her into dark clothing that’s been waiting on an examination table - a simple tunic and leg-wraps that are a muted black. The fabric and cut is the similar to what the masked man wears - even the belt and boots appear to be the same. Rey accepts it because she’s too proud to walk around naked in this hellhole. She catches her reflection in the glassy paneling of the decontamination chamber’s door. Staring back is a girl she doesn’t recognize. The droid has her hair braided into a tight queue that follows the line of her spine. The sight of her hair out of its normal knots is so downright alien that she feels a slight sense of nausea crawl up her throat. How are they supposed to recognize me like this? ---- Rey is put in a square cell furnished only with a metal ledge and a toilet. She assumes the ledge is a bed. The sight of the barren surfaces makes her aches for the pallet of soft, threadbare fabrics and stuffed flightstuits that serve as her hammock in her bolthole. A clang near the door startles her, a slat opening in the wall as a covered tray is dropped into the cell. Rey reaches down, turning it over in her hands. She pops the lid and gapes at the sight of actual fresh greens and meat, a packet of vitamins tucked against a slice of real bread . But she sets it down on the ledge, fearing drugs or worse that might be cooked into the meal. The smell of the sauce coating the thin cut of meat reaches her nose and her stomach rebels, reminding her that she’s been living on an insubstantial amount of calories for roughly a week. Rey sets herself in the corner of the cell, pressing her overheated forehead to the cool metal. The droids warned her of the slight fever that would accompany this round of immuno-boosters they’d put in her bloodstream. “I didn’t go to all this trouble to do something as mundane as killing you by poisoning your dinner tray,” a voice says from the corridor outside. The door lets out a compressed whoosh and opens on the man in the mask, his arms folded behind his back as he treads into the cell. The door closes behind him and the girl notices that the cell seems ten times smaller with him filling it. She presses her back into the corner, baring her teeth at him as she hisses out, “Will you tell me what’s going on?” “Eat your meal and I will tell you,” he promises. Rey weighs her options - defy him and get nothing, fill her stomach and possibly get something out of him. She relents, grabbing up the tray and the utensils before wolfing down the contents. This goes on for two minutes. Silence stretches between them, broken only by the sound of her chewing as she devours every last scrap of food on her tray. It’s by far the best meal she can remember having in her life, fresh and free of the starchy preservatives she’s used to ingesting. The masked man watches every second of the process, tilting his head this way and that when she swipes up the juices left over by the meat with the piece of bread she’s left for last. Rey sops up every drop and stuffs the slice into her mouth, chewing slowly. This might be her last. When she swallows the vitamins in the packet and shoves the tray across the floor at him with a resounding clang, he speaks. “You’re being put with the rest of a selection pool. Prospects sought by the Supreme Leader to join the ranks of his organization.” The lines feel forced and scripted coming from his mouth, but the implications raise the hairs on the back of her neck. “What happens to me?” Rey hates how small her voice sounds when she asks this question. “You either succeed or fail. And from what I’ve seen, you’re veering towards failure. This is all you’ve earned for today.” The man has apparently decided that Rey has heard enough, pressing a hand to the access panel near the door. It opens for him. Before the door closes on her view of him standing in the dark corridor, he turns to her. “A word of advice, scavenger - think only of yourself and you just might live.” ---- Two days pass in a similar fashion, albeit free of the presence of the masked man who so far remains faceless and nameless to Rey. She sleeps very little - not because of the harsh, unforgiving surface of the ledge she calls her bed - but because of the unfamiliar hum of the ship accelerating around her. The third morning sees Rey pacing the small space restlessly. She’s eaten the meals that arrive every six hours because she won’t be weak from hunger in front of these people. When the door to the corridor finally slides open, she’s ready. “Are you going to be difficult?” he asks her, flanked by a small escort of stormtroopers. His arms are crossed and he looks every bit the scolding parent instructing a surly child. Rey bites back the insult that she wants to let fly and clenches her fists. “No,” she replies tersely. He steps back and motions for her to take the center of the formation. She complies and is led out of the warren of corridors to a set of lifts. The layout of the ship is familiar to Rey after so many years of rummaging around in the skeletons of star destroyers. There are some noticeable differences compared to the models she knows so well - this ship isn’t like any of the known variations of destroyers she’s studied on her glitchy terminal back home or the ones she knows by scavenging. It’s newer . Sleeker lines, refined systems. Aspects of the older destroyers have been polished and fully realized in this one. She starts envisioning a way to the hanger. There’s an access panel near the lifts that she could duck into and follow towards a maintenance trench - a simple TIE fighter would be easy to fly and its hyperdrive rating is sufficient enough to get her back to the Western Reaches, if not back to Jakku itself. The only issues are the stormtroopers and him . When the man in the mask turns to her as if she’s said something aloud, Rey gets the awful feeling that he knows exactly what she’s thinking. She shutters her expression and pushes the thoughts from her head, focusing on the ceiling above as they crowd into the lift. He turns back to the closing lift doors and within seconds they’re exiting into a large hanger bay towards the Upsilon -class shuttle that caught her interest on Niima. Rey has never seen so many people in her life. The stormtroopers and uniformed officers scurry like flocks of gnaw-jaws from lifts to corridors that branch off of the hanger, sparing Rey’s group only cursory glances as they wade through the chaos towards the docking ramp of the shuttle. A stack of TIE fighters and interceptors rest on repulsor cradles lining one side of the bay. Beyond the forcefield of the hanger Rey can spot the green, hazy curve of an unfamiliar planet. ---- “The Finalizer is away, sir,” one of the stormtroopers mutters to the man in the mask once the shuttle judders to a sudden halt. Rey glances up from the bench she’s been confined to. “Where’s the destroyer going?” she asks the masked man, following him towards the docking ramp once she’s bidden to rise by the crook of his finger. The ramp starts to yawn open. She has to struggle to keep up with the man’s long-legged strides and nearly falls on her face in surprise once she nears the end of the ramp. Rey has never seen anything so green in her life. The shuttle doors have opened on something she’s only heard off-worlders talk about - a jungle. Trees. Green, lush vines that hang like support cables from thick branches. “Elsewhere,” he finally replies, cryptic as ever. She’s prodded out of the shuttle by the butt of a blaster rifle. The stormtroopers are cued behind her. Rey nearly lets out a noise of surprise when the soles of her boots sink into the soft, loamy turf of the jungle floor. They’re in a clearing facing a path lined with lumpy, uneven stones. It’s a rough path overgrown with weeds that the man in the mask is bent on reaching. The lilting, foreign sound of water hitting a metal surface startles her. She looks up at the dark thunderclouds, surprised at the slight haze of something falling from them. On Jakku, storms are dry. Only lightning and winds accompany the storm season. “Are you unfamiliar with rain?” he asks her, managi ng to sound scathingly sarcastic through the voice modulator. He’s stopped midway between the shuttle and the stone path, turning to watch her through the visor of the mask. The stormtroopers aren’t following them. They stay near the shuttle and preform post-flight checks, ignoring the girl and the man near the fringe of the jungle. Rey somehow can feel the slight sense of discomfort radiating off all of them when they shoot glances at the gloom of the jungle beyond the clearing. Rey reaches out, cupping her hands to let the rain pool in her hands as it starts falling in earnest. She lets her silence speak for her as she sifts the water through her fingers, the soft patter of drops hitting the leather of her boots. Notes: Dromund Kaas I hope everyone familiar with this fucking planet is screaming at Rey to get back on the shuttle. As always, thank you to the readers who continue to read on! The feedback is always welcome. Chapter 3 : ACT I: The Abduction, Part III Summary: Beware of gore and graphic depictions of death in this chapter. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ACT I: The Abduction, Part III T hick weeds choke the pathway. Some furl out thorny leaves to snag on Rey’s leg wraps as they pass. The stormtroopers stay with the shuttle, leaving her and the masked man to make their own way towards whatever his target destination is. She is still unaware of their purpose here on this wet, muggy planet. The threat of creatures sounding quite larger than the two of them call far off in the jungle. It makes the hairs on the back of her neck raise up, but the man seems unperturbed by the hiss and roar of something distinctly reptilian thirty meters to their left. Rey speeds up, finding sense in sticking close to the only person with something resembling a weapon in this hostile place. The shock of being on a different world has worn off entirely. Even the pervasive pattering of rain on her neck has lost some of its novelty since her clothes now sag with the weight of water. The rain coming from the sky has gone from a downpour to a light drizzle. Rey fights against the discomfort and continues to try and keep up with the man's loping, long strides. She can barely make out a path at this point. The flagstones have given way to a grassy trail too overgrown to distinguish from the rest of the jungle. If she wanders off or loses him, she doubts she’ll make it out of here. A very solid sense of some wrongness has invaded Rey’s mind, as if a pall hangs over this place. She isn’t sure if it’s simply her nerves or something deeper agitating what she knows are her gut instincts, but rarely has she been lead wrong by heeding the warning signs. Something wrong lives here. Something old, something dark, something evil - Rey has to catch herself after a gnarled root unexpectedly snags on the tip of her boot. She is thrown to the jungle floor, barely saving herself from a faceful of mud by letting the impact land on her raised forearms instead. The masked man turns slowly on her and witnesses her fall before it happens - all the while tilting his head. To his credit, he doesn’t say a word and goes right back to ignoring her, turning back to continue his single-minded approach to making his way through this jungle. He has to take out the burning blade ever so often, hacking at a sapling in his way or a tall stand of weeds. They are incinerated by the heat before the blade even makes contact with their long stalks. Rey walks over everything he cuts down, the smell of burning vegetation thick in her nose. Finally, the sun reaches its zenith - though she can hardly tell due to the thick cloud cover. The only indication is the burning outline of it through the wispy tails of one thunderhead before the clouds purl like smoke, darkening from grey to black as they take on a thicker form. The rain begins anew, a faint drizzle turning into fat drops that splatter against the crown of her head. “How much longer?” she finally asks, slogging through a thick patch of vegetation and mud. The trail has converged with another. It shows signs of recent use versus the abandoned, overgrown path they’ve spent the last couple of hours traveling. The man takes out his comlink to check something. Coordinates? He adjusts his stride to take them more westward. “Not too long. It'd be quicker if we landed closer, but the stormtroopers don’t come near the temple,” he grunts out. The fabric shrouding his upper half must be made of a wicking fabric. Water trickles down the ragged edges of the dark cloth. He doesn’t look the least bit worse for wear. Rey, contrarily, feels like a sodden rag. “Don’t or won’t ?” she bites out, tugging her booted foot free of the sucking mud. “A mix, admittedly. This planet is almost poisonous to certain minds. The weaker minds, especially,” he explains, his gaze shifting to look up at the canopy overhead. Rey feels a twist in her gut. She doesn’t ask anymore questions. Rey has memorized the path back to the shuttle by familiar landmarks - a strange rock formation, a bend in the path, a dead tree. She commits them to memory. A Theta -class shuttle is easy enough to pilot, and from the look she got at the Upsilon- class’s controls, they differ only slightly. The stormtroopers will pose a problem, though. And she has no idea how long they intend to remain on this strange planet. Or how long he intends to keep her here. Finally, the jagged outline of something tall jutting through the canopy beyond makes its way into her line of sight. A spire of some kind, overgrown with vines that look almost organically threaded through the access panels and circuitry. The tip of it pierces the mist overhead - Rey can see veins of lightning crackle towards the metal tip. More signs of a dead civilization appear further off. An entire city lays crumbling just over the dip in the slight hill, rising from the jungle. The man steers her away from that, heading further into the interior. They follow the cut of a stream in the underbrush until it thickens into a small river. It’s only a few more minutes of following its path until the river spills over the edge of a great precipice, a jungle basin resting below the outcropping of rock Rey recognizes as a cliff. They’re standing atop it, overlooking the land below. The view is frighteningly unobstructed from here. Lightning spires poke out of the jungle canopy, all of them slightly listing to the side as the boggy undergrowth attempts to swallow them whole. To the north is the crumbling city, blocks of buildings sinking into a pronounced chasm that looks like it's cut into the very bedrock of the planet. “What is this place?” she asks, mystified by the sight. Decay is something familiar to her, even on this grand scale. But the amount of vegetation is staggering. Instead of the sand she is used to seeing consume skeletons of starships, it is the jungle that is eating at the metal of this deserted place. “A capital of a dead empire. Long deserted.” He seems disinterested in the far-off city, intent on finding something near the edge of the cliff. He stops, tilts his body over the ledge, and then finally steps off into the void. Rey doesn’t even have time to let out a gasp of surprise before something is pulling her towards the edge. She screams, digging her feet into the loamy turf before that strange, fishhook feeling around her navel pulls her over the edge and vertically down the cliff. She lands directly on her ass with a soft whump on a grassy ledge not but four meters below. She’s trying to shake off the sense of vertigo and a stinging pain in her tailbone when his legs block out her vision. “The next time, could you warn me before you pull me to what I think is certain death?” Rey wheezes, the wind knocked from her lungs. She tries to gather it back with short, precise inhales. “Would you have gone along with it if I’d warned you?” he drawls, amusement coloring the monotone voice that comes out of the mask. “No, but I would’ve found a way to climb down versus being pulled around like a heap of slag by some mystical power,” she bites out, finally getting her feet under her. The ledge is solid and wide - if she’d stepped closer to the edge of the cliff above it would’ve been in plain sight. Further off the edge of this surface is the real drop - a dizzying fifty meter plunge to the small pool the waterfall forms in the basin below. The masked man isn’t focused on the drop. He’s making his way along the narrow shelf of earth towards a dip in the cliff face. The dip turns out to be an old entryway of some kind hidden between pillars of rock and scrubby weeds. Sunken into the cliffside, the heavy blast doors sit between two automated turrets that turn towards them on their approach. Rey flinches, but the man in the mask walks on, utterly unperturbed. Despite the threat of being shredded by blaster bolts, the turrets fail to fire on them and simply collapse back into their casings beneath the durasteel paneling lining the door’s threshold. The man puts his hand on a panel - possibly a biometrics panel, if Rey's any judge of it. A grid lights up his mask, scanning the surface while the panel maps out his hand. It seems satisfied by the input. The blast doors slide open with a well-hinged ease that makes Rey believe they’re not the first ones here. Before them lays a bleak sight. A long, dimly lit corridor that vaguely resembles the halls of a star destroyer stretches before her. The masked man motions her forward. ---- After another maze of empty corridors that are distinctly not decrepit, he puts Rey in a featureless, square room with only enough space to fully extend her arms both ways. Vents line the ceiling alongside a solitary disc of light that flickers intermittently, as if power is being drawn elsewhere to cause surges through the electrical system. The sound of the masked man’s footsteps fade down the hall before a scuffling sound from above startles her. “Hello?” calls a voice from the ceiling vent. It’s a girl’s voice, high and sweet. Rey thinks she’s imagining it before the voice comes again. “Hello...” the other girl’s voice trails off now, uncertainty coloring it. “I’m here!” Rey shouts back, relief flooding through her. She’s not the only one around here. “I thought I was imaging the noise when they brought you in,” the girl tells her through the vent. Rey can make out a shape through the slats, but nothing definitive. The ceiling above is a good two meters distance. She could try spreading her legs and walking herself up the walls to the vent, but it’s only large enough to fit her arm through. The door looks equally unmanageable. She’s certain if she gets too turned around in this cell she won’t know where the door is. It blends seamlessly into the wall. “Call me overly dramatic, but I sure am glad to see you,” the girl overhead cuts off Rey’s train of thought with her admission. Rey tries to smile up at the vent. “What’s your name?” she calls up. So far the sound of their voices haven’t brought anyone running. Yet. Another voice reaches her ears from the vents, coming from the left of the girl’s room above. “Some of us can’t let others get some karking sleep,” it growls, distinctly male. Rey grits her teeth. “I’m Rey,” she says as softly as she can manage, her voice traveling up the metal walls. “Fay’et,” the girl replies, “and try your best to ignore Thrash. He’s a plain brute from Dathomir and doesn’t have a shred of common sense or manners.” “Is he in there with you?” “No, thank the stars. He’s in the room next door. There’s a Sullustan opposite me and a very chatty Echani boy in the other cell next to me. But there probably are more.” “How long have you been here?” Rey sets her fingertips against the wall in front of her, feeling along the seams of the door. “A week, by my count. You must be in the holding cells they brought us to before sorting - I’m up in a room with a bunk and toilet. Not much else. They do feed us, though,” Fay’et stops at that, the sound of rummaging reaching Rey’s ears before a packet is slipped through the slats in the vent. Rey catches it - a simple protein bar, but plenty enough food for her. “Thank you,” she manages to croak out, an overwhelming sense of fear closing her throat. The walls seem to close in on her. Rey presses her back to the wall, sliding down until she’s folded up on the floor. “Try and get some sleep. They’re planning to take us to the trial grounds soon,” Fay’et’s voice fades, shuffling overhead as Rey hears the familiar sounds of a body hitting a soft, blanket-lined surface. Rey stashes the bar in the folds of her tunic. Only after a long while of staring at the featureless wall opposite does her mind slip into sleep, her chin dropping to her chest. ---- When Rey wakes, she’s left with the disorienting sense that she’s no longer in her cell. The smell of decaying plants and musty air filters into her lungs. Her arm stings, as if a needle has recently lanced through the skin. “Wake up, Rey,” whispers a familiar voice - Fay’et. Someone is shaking her fiercely. Rey manages to crack her eyes open. A twi’lek girl, Rutian by the color of her skin paired with olive-shaped eyes, is obscuring her vision in a dark chamber with low ceilings. Everything is comprised of crumbling stone. “The droids sedated us. They put us in here - I’m not sure where, but the rest will wake up and they won’t be as fair about this competition as I am,” the twi’lek hurries out in a low voice. Rey tries to will the fog out of her limbs, standing with more than a little assistance from Fay’et. There’s at least twenty other bodies surrounding them. Most are still out cold. The others are stirring to some level of consciousness. They vary in age, race, and gender. All of them are dressed in the plain black clothing Rey wears, bare of weaponry and other supplies. “C’mon,” Fay’et urges her. A narrow archway is the only exit visible, leading down more labyrinthine corridors that make little sense. The architecture has changed from the clean, industrial lines of the holding cell to sagging ceilings of stone and tight, claustrophobic corridors of slate. Rey’s boots crunch over something. It catches her off-guard when she looks down and finds the bones of some humanoid creature laying beneath her soles. “Don’t look down,” Fay’et warns, already a few meters ahead. Rey speeds her pace, keeping her chin level. She’s used to dead and decaying bodies. Rey tries to blame her panic and unease on the jarring sense of how new this entire situation is. They spend an hour trying to find somewhere suitable to hide and set up some form of camp. One sortie into a dank hall leaves the both of them gagging over the rotting corpse of a long dead hopeful, their clothing matching hers and Fa'yet's to a tee...albeit decaying. Above the decaying corpse is something scratched into the limestone of the wall. Its nails must’ve been strong enough to at least chalk lines in the soft stone, because the message it was trying to convey is clearly legible. “Cheerful,” Rey deadpans. “But what does it mean ?” Fay’et puzzles, tracing a finger over the curve of the letter wesk. She taps on the aurek contemplatively. “Why would they warn us about the dead, of all things?” “It beats me,” Rey admits, glancing around the corridor. “I’m more concerned about the living. Especially our competition.” “They’re easier to deal with than what might live in here. This is a Sith tomb. There’s no telling what’s been put in here to guard the sarcophagi and artifacts,” Fay’et says on standing, distancing herself from the mouldering bones - still thick with greying meat - of the corpse. It looks like a humanoid female - small. She can’t have been more than a girl. “How do you know so much about Sith tombs?” Rey asks her once they’ve exited onto the crumbling perimeter of a mezzanine. It runs the length of a great, vast hall interspersed with crumbling holes in the ceiling. A massive statue of a faceless man bent in supplication leans drunkenly on the mezzanine opposite of theirs. “A fair bit of dealing in the illegal archeology market. You wouldn’t believe how much Ludo Kressh’s pedicure set of all things sold for on the Hutt market to a well-endowed collector.” Fay’et shoots Rey a sly, small smile over her shoulder, picking her way lightly over crumbling stones. They keep to the wall, fearing that venturing further out on the ledge will lead to some stones coming loose from whatever is gluing them together. “So what’re the guidelines for this competition?” Rey asks, feeling thoroughly out of her element. She tosses a makeshift tether of the ropey, thick vine that grows out of the walls to Fay’et. They cling to it like a railing as they make their way to the end of the mezzanine, intent on exploring the rooms that might lead off of it. They need someplace obscure and decidedly monster-free if they’re going to make it to the end of the week. “There aren’t any rules in here except survive to the end of the seven day period. And you look like you know something about that. We can be allies. Then the both of us make it out of here,” Fay’et tells her, her eyes glued to the stones beneath their boots. “And do what? What do they want to do with the survivors of this...test?” Rey asks, her speech halting. She isn’t sure what all of this is about. Her question makes Fay’et stop. The twi’lek turns to look at her with a curious expression. “Isn’t it obvious?” she asks, her blue fingers clenching on the vine they both hold. At Rey’s blank expression she adds, “Well, aren’t you...y’know, gifted ?” “No - I’m no one. A scavenger,” Rey manages, forcing her feet to find the next step. “That’s impossible. The rest of us have some ability - it’s the only common thing we could figure existed between all of us,” Fay'et insists, confusion swamping her expression. “What ability? Wait, Fay’et,” Rey cautions, all too familiar with untrustworthy looking platforms after a lifetime of edging around on them. But her warning comes too late - Fay’et steps, opening her mouth. She must be asking what Rey is on about, but the stones slip beneath her. Beneath both of them. Rey plunges, saved only by the stretch of vine between them. Fay’et manages to get a leg up on the more solid stones anchored into the wall itself, scrambling to keep her grip on the vine between them. It strains but holds true as the twi’lek struggles to get to her feet, slinking her belly to the stones as she suspends Rey by holding her half of the vine. Rey hears the crumbling stones hit the floor far below. It’s a black chasm staring back at her everytime she looks down, so she forces herself to look upward at Fay’et and try to work the problem. This isn’t the first situation of this nature she’s dealt with. “You’re too heavy,” the twi’lek grits out, straining to keep the vine from slipping in her grip. For one breathless moment, Rey thinks the girl will save herself and let her drop. But the twi’lek moves her hand and something shoves Rey to the wall, letting her grasp onto the crumbling vines sprouting from the surface until she finds one with some anchorage to it. Rey clings to it, trying to duck closer to the ledge as the rain of debris and masonry cuts into her back. Fay’et screams fill Rey’s ears after one larger piece hits the overhang she’s resting on, dislodging the crumbling rock where the twi’lek is laying. Rey reaches out, catching her by the arm to halt her free fall. The shock jolts the vine Rey is clinging to. She can feel it slip from the mooring rocks it grows out from far above, fraying where the jagged edge of the stone cut into it. “Please don’t let go,” Fay’et is begging her, the sound of her voice overwhelmingly small in the chamber. Rey’s world narrows down to the slip of their palms as sweat coats the skin, loosening her grip. “I'm losing you,” Rey chokes out, tears and sweat alike beading on her cheeks. She tries to will something in her to pull the girl up , but the call goes unanswered. Her grip fails and the twi’lek plummets into the dark, screaming. It’s a long fall, punctuated by the thick crcakh of a body hitting the stones. Rey tries to focus on scrambling up the fraying vine, finally reaching what’s left of the overhang above after a few minutes of struggling. “Fay’et,” Rey tries to call her as quietly as she can manage, mindful of the warning about the beasts that live in this tomb. Light leaks from a hole in the ceiling above to let a slant of it illuminate the floor far below. Fay’et isn’t recognizable anymore. She’s spread face up on the flagstones with a pool of blood widening its margins beneath her body. The sight reminds Rey of her ragdoll, limbs askew at impossible angles. She must’ve hit something on the way down, because her face is split vertically in half, both halves sagging to the floor. A wet, pulsing gash has replaced her clever smile. Arterial spray wets the stone. Rey covers her mouth to choke back a yelp of shock. ---- The playback feed of the twi’lek’s face splitting on the masonry jutting from the wall is rewound for a third time before the other man standing in front of the vidscreen lets it play out again. Kylo has set his helm aside and has chugged his fifth canteen of water. Comfort was in mind when the droids constructed the control room at the Dromund Kaas compound. A long couch is set against the wall behind them beside a refrigerator unit built into the wall. Banks of computers flicker on and off as the power fights to keep running. There’s probably a vine growing through a power cell. He’ll have to take a look at the relay later. Dominating one of the walls is a massive vidscreen. A good fifteen working camera feeds that are situated within the temple stack vertically and horizontally along the screen. The robed, elderly man beside Kylo flicks his finger along the screen that has the camera in the antechamber Rey and her ill-fated ally are in. The gesture clears the playback from the screen and shows them the current view. Rey is huddled on her side. Kylo can see her shoulders shaking from here. He admires the fact that she isn’t making enough noise for the audio feed to receive the sound. “Well, there goes the first. And we’re not even two hours in,” grumbles Inquisitor Tremayne, formerly of the old Imperial Intelligence. Now he serves as sort of a liaison between the knights and Snoke’s incarnation of the old Imperial agency, the security bureau. Kylo has known him for as long as he’s been with the First Order and finds him a decent enough peer, considering his grandfather was so invested in his abilities while he was still living. Tremayne coordinates these selection pools every five years. The knights merely bring him the prospects they acquire through their searches or by the direction of the Supreme Leader. “She had enough warning from the scavenger. Her own poor reflexes got her killed.” Kylo tips the canteen back, his throat working to swallow the swig of water. “And saved your prospect, I might add. Has she shown any sign of Force sensitivity?” The inquisitor frantically beats out a command on his keyboard. “No,” Kylo admits, setting his water bottle aside. “The Supreme Leader sends a Force-blind girl into the most haunted-” the inquisitor manages to get out before the door to the hall hisses open on two figures. “No need to stand, everyone keep your seats. I’ve arrived,” announces a female voice from the doorway, laden with sarcasm. Two more knights from his order join them at the vidscreen, both touching a salute to their chest. One is overwhelmingly large, bulky even beneath the neuranium plating and dark robes. The other is slimmer beneath the thick armoring and fabric but only a few hairs shorter than her companion. “I forgot you two were joining us this cycle,” grits out the inquisitor. He looks none too pleased to see the pair, considering the history between the three of them. “Hello to you as well, Antinnis. I barely recognized you - new implants?” Sariss is the first to disengage the clasps on her mask, lifting it away from her head to set it on a nearby table beside Kylo's. The metal legs nearly buckle under the weight of both helms. She’s cropped off all her hair since Kylo has last seen her, but her face still has that brittle cast of nearly plastoid-like proportions. He can’t tell if her artificial youth is the result of careful alchemy or stims at this point. “I’ve had these since last year,” says Tremayne, the flesh around the cybernetics covering half of his face twitching with annoyance. “And I’ve not seen you in two years - at least,” Sariss reminds him, pausing to duck her head in a deferential nod to Kylo. She makes her way over to the refrigerator unit to withdraw two bottles of filtered water, tossing one to Yun. He catches it and cracks open the top. “That’s highly irregular for you to forget us coming, Tremayne,” Yun is eager to add in, pulling his mask free from his face. He drops his helm next to where Sariss put hers on the table alongside Kylo's. The legs give way and the tabletop sinks slowly under the weight of the helms, the metal of the legs bending like wet paper. Everyone ignores it. “Is it really that irregular of me to forget annoyances?” mutters Tremayne to the vidscreen. Sariss arches her eyebrows so high that they’re in serious danger of disappearing into her hairline. “Highly. I thought I’d made it clear we’d be observing this selection pool in person. This is the closest I get to watching sports .” “If this is a sport to you, Sariss, you seem to be hellbent on winning. The Nightbrother you sent along had to be severely sedated in order to prevent him from injuring himself with the way he kept raging around his cell at all hours,” spits out Tremayne, a vein already popping out on his forehead. Kylo ignores the chaotic exchange going on behind him, taking another pull from his water bottle as he watches Rey scramble to put her back against something solid. “I’ve an eye for talent, Antinnis. And the Nightbrother is pure talent. Meanwhile, Yun sent the twi’lek - some spice dealer from Nar Shaddaa that he found in a pazaak den. Very strong instincts - using them to hustle the tables and persuade prospective buyers. She might last more than a week-” “She’s already dead,” Kylo cuts her off. “-she didn’t last more than a day ,” Sariss crows at Yun, offering up her palm to her companion. He doles out a few larger denomination credit chits, radiating annoyance. “More to the point, the others haven’t woken up yet. Only Lord Ren’s prospect has managed to survive the temple’s interior thus far,” Tremayne mumbles over his keyboard, switching one feed to the sea of bodies prone on the floor of the entry chamber. Most of them are still struggling to metabolize the sedatives in their systems. All of them are implanted with a tracking chip that monitors their vital signs. Their heart rates and other such biometrics read out on a separate terminal. So far, twenty-one remain alive. Two have died from the sedative since their last check-in. The twi’lek expired from severe trauma. “And it will be a bloodbath in that chamber once the rest of them awaken. Half of them will probably die before they wake up if a certain few manage to struggle to some form of consciousness. I’ve read their dossiers. This year’s tryouts are going to prove to be very brutal. I hope we’re recording this and the feeds don’t bug out like last time,” Yun mutters, moving closer to the screen. He joins Kylo on his side of the vidscreen, tipping his head back to chug the entire contents of the bottle. “They malfunction ever so often because the feeds are randomly rearranged or destroyed by the whim of whatever lives in that tomb. I’ve heard one technician went quite mad after something crawled into view on one of the feeds. Strange places, Sith tombs,” wonders Sariss aloud, finding a seat on the couch behind them. She props her booted feet up on the arm, leaning her blaster rifle against it. “Everyone be quiet. The terentatek’s approaching. Probably smelled the blood or heard the noise,” mutters Tremayne. All four of them focus on the vidscreen. ---- Rey has to cover her mouth to keep from whimpering when the terrible pop of the girl’s shoulder tearing from its socket echoes in the chamber. Soon the sound of flesh ripping follows, the slow plink of so many drops of blood wetting the flagstones. Huddling against the overhang above the gruesome scene below, Rey is witness to every detail and can’t bring herself to look away. Something is eating . Notes: The aurebesh in this chapter reads 'BEWARE THE DEAD' in bold script. As is par for course in my fics, there are very few OCs in this chapter. Only Fay'et and Thrash are mine. The rest are characters from the EU and are listed below. Sariss - Sariss is back with a vengeance from the EU - she's in her mid to late fifties in Ja'ak. Her and Yun have survived their EU fates to become Knights of Ren in my storyline. Those who are unfamiliar with the Prophetess and her apprentice might want to go read her and Yun's wikipages to get familiar with their backstories. Who I see when I imagine Sariss in Ja'ak. Yun - I imagine him a bit bigger in this incarnation, but his backstory remains the same. He's in his mid to late forties in Ja'ak. Who I see when I imagine Yun in Ja'ak. Inquisitor Tremayne There's an 8track for Ja'ak like Forms. Big props to caylxofawildflower once more being a wonderful muse by nailing every single emotion that will come into this fic in song form. Ja'ak has its own tag on my tumblr. Feel free to follow along! Chapter 4 : ACT I: The Abduction, Part IV Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ACT I: The Abduction, Part IV M ailocs, as she recalls from browsing a glitchy encyclopedia on her old terminal back on Jakku, are known to be highly excitable when woken. They are mainly airborne save for when they roost, possessing no limbs to speak of besides a long, prehensile tail that they curl around vines or stalactites in their caves. At the end of this tail is a two-pronged stinger that has the ability to puncture most armor and shields. Therefore it’s prudent for Rey - woefully unarmored - to remain absolutely still while she formulates a plan to cross this particular chasm in the vaults she’s stumbled upon. It’s the second day of the trial. The crypts are now busy with the screams and shouting of so many people fighting against the elements as well as each other. Rey keeps forging her way deeper into the temple, unwilling to stay near the populated areas that lay close to the room where they all started. Rey picks up her feet, moving along the edge of the chasm. She keeps one hand on the wall, guiding her fingers along the cracks until she meets another wall. She follows the surface of it, trusting her other senses in lieu of sight. Some chambers are well-lit with crumbling ceilings while others are as pitch black as, well, a tomb. Rey has spotted more than one of the sarcophagi Fay’et was talking about yesterday and when she does, she rapidly backpedals out of the rooms she finds them in. She’s scavenged some supplies from the various caches and corpses not near any Sith remains - rope, ration packs, a rusted canteen, and a strong length of metal that must’ve once been a spear’s haft. It reminds her of her old quarterstaff. The last two days have been decidedly some of the worst of her life, but she keeps herself positive with the promise of surviving to the end of this seven day cycle. So Rey feeds herself sparingly from the ration packs and sleeps only in short, furtive bursts - always wedged high on some ledge that is far out of sight and reach from whatever prowls these floors. She almost broke her neck attempting to claw her way up to the broken ceiling in a blind panic yesterday, after that thing had lumbered off and left only a leg of Fay’et’s corpse for later. Her friend - because she was a friend, brief as their friendship was - is reduced to offal and a grease stain on the floor of the principle chamber. Rey abandoned her climb after slipping a third time that day, trying to reach toward the light glinting overhead. She sunk back down into the dark of the tomb, consigned to wait out the night and formulate her next step. The last few hours have been going well. She’s only run into the mailocs this deep in the tombs, but has had to avoid passing patrols of roving prospects that have formed tight pacts. They gang up on one another in small skirmishes, but where one group falls, the winners splinter into smaller factions until only one or two are left eyeing one another. Rey saw such a duel from a vine-choked overhang this morning. Thrash, who she knows by Fay’et warning of his status as a male Dathomirian, has been largely absent from the remaining prospects. It turns her stomach, what one person is willing to do to the other they once called ally. She wonders if Fay’et would have been reduced to fighting her in such a way if it boiled down to it. Rey tries not to think of Fay’et. She’s dead and long gone - tomb fodder. Just like she will be if she doesn’t keep moving. The girl finally finds her footing after skimming along a ledge as wide as the span of her toes, groping blindly until she feels out a groove in the wall, tracing over lettering that covers an old magnetic lock that holds a door fast. Her fingers try dialing a few numbers in, the panel illuminating the space around the door only faintly. It’s enough light for Rey to work out another combination. Miraculously, the door springs free with a long suffering groan - Rey checks the flock roosting overhead. Still out like a light. Rey steps into the newly opened chamber beyond. It’s another hallway - big surprise, that - which has more of a curve to it than the others. It slopes down into a stairwell that winds tightly towards a lower level. Rey wonders if going further down would be a wise idea, considering she’s yet to come across the creature that butchered Fay’et’s body. But the alternative is walking back across the chasm and back towards the fighting. So Rey gathers up the frayed ends of her courage and starts stepping down into the dark void below the visible steps, her breathing ridiculously loud-sounding in the silence of the crypt. “The twi’lek’s pet human,” interrupts a voice from the darkness, the sound like gravel on sheet metal. Rey can see a pair of burning eyes focus on her as something, someone advances up the steps below her. Out of the shadows steps a Zabrak male that stands at least two heads higher than her. Every visible inch of him is covered in thick, jagged markings over bruise-yellow skin - in his hand, some sort of electrostaff that looks salvaged from a sentry droid. Thrash. Rey unfastens the bundle of rope from her belt, dropping everything on her save her staff. She doesn’t need the added weight for what’s coming. What she knows is coming by the predatory narrowing of his eyes and the growing tenseness along his broad, slab-like shoulders. She lifts her foot, her heel catching on the step behind her as she carefully guides her staff to guard her front. “The Echani brat gave me some trouble with a stick just like that. Not for long - didn’t know they sent them in here that young. Tender neck for breaking, though - just like yours.” Thrash is all force. She’s seen people like him in Niima - bounty hunters, bruisers, enforcers. They all have a weakness to exploit. Rey starts working out the steps in her head, her muscles flooding with the familiar burn of adrenaline. She’ll need every last bit of it if she wants to live to see the next morning - this she knows in her very bones. Rey leads him up to the flatter ground of the ramp above the stairs. A strategy is quickly solidifying in her mind, but it entails a lot of goading and leading. “C’mere, runt - let’s rearrange that face like you did to your friend,” Thrash taunts, trying to coax her into striking first with an artless spin of the electrostaff he holds. A thought occurs - how did he know about Fay'et? Rey grits her teeth, feeling her feet pick out another pattern as they circle one another. She can’t let him have her back. The air behind her head moves and suddenly he’s behind her - how quick - Rey turns, catching the haft of the electrified staff as it connects with her jaw. The world spins. --- Kylo watches their exchange from a cramped chair in the control room. Tremayne and Yun retired to their rooms hours ago. Scattered plates hover over his head as Sariss sorts out the mess the four of them have made in the room. With a flick of her fingers, she stacks the majority of dirty plates into the arms of a waiting serving droid standing just outside the door and piles emptied canisters and wrappers into a waste bin under a computer bank. “Confine the three of you to a room and you all turn into Gamorreans,” she mutters under her breath, surveying her work as the control room once more seems clear of trash. The noise of fighting finally reaches her and Sariss spins on her heel, tugging her chair closer with the Force as she pulls it up towards the screen beside Kylo. “Who is it this time?” she asks, popping the tab on a can of some liquid energy supplement. He’s been awake for forty-eight hours straight. Sariss has probably been awake for twice that time, considering she and Yun landed a solid day’s journey away from the compound before the trials started. “My desert find and your Dathomirian brute,” he provides, flicking his finger on the screen to narrow the view on the pair that’s fighting in the hallway. She was far too close to the sublevels for his comfort, but now Kylo feels a twisting sensation in his gut. This might be the end for his scavenger. “It’s your prospect and mine - finally . He’s killed at least five others and sustained only minor injuries. I hate to say it, but this looks like the end of your girl, Kylo,” Sariss sighs, flicking to another screen. It enhances the view of the fight from another angle. They both sit back to watch. ---- The fight spills into the chamber with the chasm. Their movements upset the mailocs - a few land stinging gouges on both her and Thrash, but disappear down the chasm after a few swings from both their staves kill the creatures that wander too close. Thrash is a relentless fighter, all heavy blows and blunt shoves. Rey dances out of his reach, trusting her memory as she moves him closer to the chasm. He’s not stupid, though. He senses the void before he steps into the thin air, ducking back towards her. Rey isn’t quick enough - the electrostaff’s pronged edges cut into her skin before he throws her into the stone wall behind her. Rey screams as the staff buries clean through the meat of her shoulder, the prongs exiting out of her body to dig shallowly in the stone behind her. Sweat pops out on her brow as she tries to fight off a wave of nausea. “Pinned, rat. Smile for the masters - it’s the last time you’ll get to do it,” Thrash mutters in her ear, his hands closing around her throat. He pulls her off of the staff - forward, slides the wound forward and walks her off of the electrostaff, screaming, toes scraping the floor . Rey nearly loses consciousness and fights against the strain of his hands. He lifts her until her feet clear the floor, choking her. Her vision spots. The pressure increases until her breath comes in thin, reedy inhales. She imagines an ocean in her before something ugly erupts in her mind and energy floods through her limbs. The pressure disappears from her throat and she throws her hands out. Thrash is jerked like a puppet into the air, his face slack with shock as she seizes around his throat from a few meters away. Her fingers twist and Rey urges him over the void. “Fuck you,” Rey spits out, forming her hand into a tight fist. She feels a mix of fear flood her veins - fear at this thing that lives in her chest, but the fear of dying at the hands of this animal trumps it. Rey is part horrified and part amazed when the mere clenching of her hand twists Thresh’s head into an awkward hold. He screams, rife with panic before Rey furrows her brow and squeezes. The gesture twists his head cleanly around, his spine letting out a final crack as it separates. The body goes as limp as her ragdoll and Rey loosens her fingers. Whatever force was holding him up disappears. He falls into the chasm. She doesn’t even hear his body hit the bottom. ---- “There it is!” Sariss shouts in surprise, exultant as she bangs her fists against the console’s keyboard. Kylo’s fingers tighten on his chair’s arms. “She’s killed him,” Kylo notes, observing the flatline of Thrash’s heartbeat. “More importantly, she used the Force. A very strong manifestation of the Force,” Sariss insists, rewinding the feed to show Rey breaking Thrash’s neck again. And again. And once more. She’s enraptured. Kylo’s mind is still reeling with the sight. He feels a pull at his gut when the feed showing realtime playback in the chamber shows Rey falling to her knees, dropping her staff. Her heartbeat on the computer monitoring the tracking chip lets out an erratic pulse. “She’s losing too much blood - I’m sending a droid in,” he decides. Sariss spins in her chair, staring wide-eyed at him. “That violates the rules. Snoke would have even your hide,” she warns him, but her comlink shrieking out a call cuts their brewing argument short. “What?” she snaps out in annoyance. “What’s happening to the feeds?” Yun’s voice jumps out of the device in Sariss’s hand, thick with sleep. “I’m looking at my room’s terminal and all of them are rolling to blackout screens in sector six.” Kylo glances up, realizing that one by one, the camera feeds in Rey’s sector are powering off. Yun curses as a low-pitched, sonorous thrum filters out of the audio feeds. Sariss stands, backing off from the vidscreen. Kylo grits his teeth, unmoved - he refuses to be spooked by spectral effects. “It’s the dead,” mutters Sariss, almost too low for him to hear. She holds more than a few superstitions about this planet and looks almost unnerved by what is transpiring on the vidscreen. Kylo turns to the camera that is focused on Rey, feeling utterly useless as the camera shutters. The image holds for a solid second before the feed terminates. Rey’s heartbeat flatlines on the terminal monitor. ---- Someone is lifting her bodily, suspending her between their arms as they float over a black void. Warm, soft fabric brushes against her face. A cup is pressed to her mouth. Time telescopes into a slow crawl. She’s laying on a clean pallet of blankets near a fire, shadows dancing on the vine-covered ceiling overhead. Rey witnesses an empire fall in a shadow play that feels like it lasts an entire day, tiny shadow claws snagging on shadow children to shovel them into the maw of some great beast. Someone presses a wet cloth to her face, mopping the fever sweat from her brow as she thrashes. Rey hears the roar of the beast, bright blood spilling from her mouth. The father eats the son, the son eats the daughter - the mother sees all and waits - A massive starburst as a planet dies. The ship pulls into the sky as Unkar Plutt pulls her back into the sand - it swallows the girl. The masked man bends over her, his hands closing around her throat. “ I have to ,” he insists, sounding almost heartbroken as she feels her lungs collapse and death takes her far. A tall, thin creature whose skull sags lopsidedly. He offers her his hand. Two figures fight - one bears a singular blade, the other wields two burning blades that emit from a long hilt. They hack at each other, the struggle eternal. Someone in the room is dead. Bright panels of red energy. Rey - a man, warm voice colored like her own. She knows him. A man dressed in black fights a creature in a mask. Heavy breathing. He told me enough. He told me you killed him. A couple fights, this isn’t normal, Leia, while a young boy huddles under his blankets. The island in the ocean, so green- Rey. Rey jolts awake. ---- It feels like cotton is filling her mouth. Sleep grit lines her lashes. Rey lifts her hands, ignoring the sting in her shoulder as she scrubs the grit from her eyes. A voice comes from her right. “You’ve been abed for nearly five days, my dear. I thought that fever would never break until you showed signs of improving yesterday morning. I tended your wounds and functions until you started coming around about an hour ago. Tea?” “Please,” Rey manages. She’s a solid ninety percent sure she’s still hallucinating as someone presses a warm, earthenware cup into her hand. Frail arms scoop her shoulders up, propping her into a sitting position as the room comes into focus. It’s a stone-lined room with a vine covered ceiling, smoky from a small fire that is ventilated through a tiny hole in the ceiling. Beside her sits an old woman - human. Ancient. Hanks of silvery hair pool like thread in her lap. Rey takes a sip of the tea, grateful for its warmth as it slithers down her throat. “Where am I?” she croaks, shifting her shoulder. There’s a poultice of some kind strapped to the wound that once gaped there, wet and fragrant with the smell of strange herbs. It still stings, but it’s a manageable pain. “Somewhere safe. I found you at the edge of that hole in the lower sector - frightful place, if you ask me,” the old woman provides her with the nebulous explanation as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world, stirring the metal pot over her low fire. Crates are stacked around the small space, trinkets strung up on the walls as plants bloom in well tended urns. It reminds Rey of home. “How’re you able to live here? How did you get in here?” Rey asks, a pronounced stutter shaking her words. She firms her grip on the cup in her hand, finding a slab of fallen rock to brace herself against. She’s rank with the smell of fever-sweat and old clothes. All she smells of the old, drab woman is tea leaves and smoke. The room spins and Rey feels the brush of something...against her mind? “I’m simply an old woman that makes her living here in these tombs, my dear. A scavenger, if you will,” the wizened creature is human, but possesses strange, rheumy eyes. It’s the irises staring back at her beneath the thick film of glaucoma that unnerve Rey the most. They appear almost yellow, strangely luminescent in the low light of the fire. “I thought this planet was uninhabited,” Rey chokes out, the burn of something added to the tea finally kicking in. “That’s what we call a nip of swamp juice, sweeting. It’s bracing,” the old woman cackles, shaking a flask of liquid - probably alcohol - at Rey. She uncaps it to take a generous swig, smacking her thin lips. Even sitting, Rey can tell that the woman is stooped over with age, making her shorter than Rey with her hunched shoulders and frail build. Ratty, dark robes cover every inch of her. “What I should be asking,” the old woman begins, “is what are you doing here?” “Surviving,” Rey grits out, trying to shift herself further upright. The old woman tuts, flicking her fingers. Rey is gently pressed back against the stone slab and her heart begins to race. “No need to fear, my dear,” the old woman chides her, as if she senses the quickened beating of her heart, “after all - I’ve been waiting for you for a very long while.” “How long have you been waiting?” Rey asks, every instinct she possesses screaming at her to get up and run. Everything about this woman and this room is wrong, disguised as something frail and familiar. She’s Old Traz and her bolthole back on Jakku come back to life, trying to lure Rey into a sense of false security. The old woman smiles. “You know as well as I that any attempt to outrun me will end up with me simply catching you, dear,” the old woman scolds her, almost motherly. But the threat lies beneath the words and Rey feels fresh panic flood her veins. She starts groping around for something to throw at the woman. “More to the point, I’ve got to be sending you on your way soon. The doors will be opening and soon those four will be collecting you, if they can. But that beastly thing is sleeping right across the doorjamb, the lout. You’ll have to kill him.” Lancing something in the pot, the old woman spiders her fingers across the fire to catch a bit of burning wood between her fingers. She suspends it for a few seconds, throwing the cinder into the pot. “Why can’t you kill it? I’m as weak as a newborn,” Rey’s protest seems to irk the old woman, making her head snap up and her yellow, terrible eyes narrow in on her. “You’re not. Excuses - you could run miles without losing your breath and leap great distances if you’d stop yammering around in that airy head of yours and focus,” the old woman snaps. Suddenly her face fills Rey’s vision. How did she get so close ? The old woman flicks her eyes over Rey’s face and seems to remember herself, slinking back across the floor on all fours to rummage in a crate. The tea boils over, sloshing into the fire. It fills the room with steam until the woman crooks her fingers, suspending the pot in the air until the room clears out and the fire burns clean. Rey watches her back for a long time, her search turning up two items in her hands. The old woman shuffles back over to Rey on her knees, offering out a strangely shaped object. It’s in the shape of a tetrahedron and is lined with black stone, red runes etched into the glossy surface. It’s no bigger than a fruit pit and fits comfortably in Rey’s palm, warming her hand as she turns it over in her fingers. “You’re giving me a rock?” Rey ventures, amusement coloring her tone for the first time. The old woman huffs. “A rock . What cheek! What is that old spacer’s saying - a star to steer her by? This certainly will help you in the years to come, my dear. It’s done so for many a young woman of your stature - think of it as a source of guidance. A touchstone,” the old woman’s voice is warm and familiar as she watches Rey touch the object. Rey tucks it away in her breastband, grimacing as she feels filth and grime caking her joints. The old woman turns over the next thing in her hands to Rey. A hilt of some kind. “The other thing I wanted to give to you- a weapon more suited to managing what guards the exit. A lovely young man brought it back to me only a decade ago, so thoughtful of him. It’s been lost for years. Ah, but your time is shortening. Already the last acolyte struggles to keep alive - ah. There he goes,” the old woman murmurs, glancing at something unseen on the wall behind. She tips her head, listening to a noise that Rey can’t hear. Rey’s guts twist with fear. The old woman’s rheumy eyes settle on Rey once more. “Don’t be afraid, child. After all, you’re the most dangerous thing in this tomb. You’re power incarnate - you simply have to open yourself up to the Force and realize yourself,” she advises, stretching out a long, crooked finger to touch a pointed nail to Rey’s cheek. “What is this force ?” Rey asks, clenching the cup and the hilt in her hands. The woman’s eyes hood with irritation. Not at Rey - at something else. “This generation is truly hopeless if all mention of the Sith and Jedi is now reduced to mere myth.” “I’ve heard of them. Legends of the Jedi, but now I see the Sith apparently were very real,” Rey insists, huddling into the stone behind her. She clutches the long hilt to her breast. The old woman takes her spot by the fire, picking up her cup of tea once more. “Ah, so you have. This was a great temple, once. It was built to honor the deeds of one great lord and many Sith passed through its halls to test their mettle against the madness it could inspire in their minds. Thousands of years of strife - it collapsed after a great battle between the old Sith emperor and a hero of the Jedi. What you’ve seen is only a small fraction of the temple still accessible near the old Kaas City subdistricts...” the old woman trails off. Rey notices that the spoon she’d been absently stirring in the tea now churns the murky liquid itself, unaided by the wizened fingers of the woman as it is propelled along by some unseen hand. The old woman notices her attention drop to the cup in her lap. She gently stills the spoon stirring itself by placing her palm over the top of the cup, catching the utensil between her fingers. “But I digress. What do they call you?” “I’m not sure if I should give you my name,” Rey tells her, mindful of the warning the dead prospect scratched into the wall. “A name doesn’t give me power over you, dear - tell me your name,” the woman goads, waving her hand in front of Rey’s eyes. She leans forward expectantly, confusion crossing her face when Rey merely purses her lips at her. “Resistant. Your will is iron. Now stop dawdling and look at what I’ve given you,” the old woman insists, bringing her cup up to her wizened lips. Rey glances down at the hilt in her lap. A long hilt - metal of some kind. It flies out of her lap and into the hands of the old woman. She hits the ignition switch along the hilt and light blooms upward. It’s reminiscent of the burning blade the masked man carries, but this hilt has no exposed wires or shoddy structure. Both the beam and the hilt it issues from are seamless and smooth, a refined weapon. The old woman offers it out to her, hilt first. The added weight of the laser blade make it strangely lighter. The hilt is roughly the length of her arm from where her elbow starts to the tips of her fingers, unexpectedly solid in her grip when she holds it properly. “Bane’s Heart - I called it after one of the crystals that powers the blades. Built for women of our size - the blades are smaller, which gives you greater speed and maneuverability in battle. You give up the reach longer blades provide, but you gain defense with how tightly you can control your sphere of influence on the field,” the old woman rambles on, urging Rey to her feet as she stands. “Touch the other activation switch along the bottom, pull it. Hold it like you do your quarterstaff, dear,” she reminds her. Rey feels the switch and another blade blooms from the emitter shroud. The saber is as long as her quarterstaff and the weight is almost identical. “Red - like a laigrek’s eye,” the old woman sighs, running her fingertip up the blade. Rey notices how close her fingertips get to the laser and imagines the incredible heat she must feel, but the woman shows no sign of discomfort. “Don’t just stand there - hit something. You’re about to slay the beast and this is about as good a tutorial as you’re getting.” The old woman shoos her to a fallen pillar, urging her on with the flick of her fingers. The blades, like the masked man’s, have sounds. They chorus on striking the stone, scoring deep, thick gouges in the rock. Rey’s limbs lose some of their leaden feeling the more she moves. Her shoulder doesn’t ache as much. “Good - again,” the old woman instructs, finding a seat on a fallen slab of rock. Rey hits the stone again. ---- An hour later, Rey has worked herself into a sweat and the old woman is fiddling with her tea cup. Her shoulder is a distant burn. The more tea she drinks, the old woman insists, the less it will hurt. Rey feels her vision narrow into laser-fine focus. “The doors are opening soon, my dear. Freedom is only a breath away,” the old woman tells her, motioning to a curtain of vines that cover the only exit in the room. Rey kills the blades on the hilt, wavering on her feet. She tries to catch her breath, sweat purling down her limbs in this stuffy, overheated room. The old woman watches her carefully. “The beast lives deeper down that passageway in a great hall - it sleeps. Have you felt it?” the old woman asks her. Rey nods - she can - before walking forward. Rey lifts her arm to tug the vines away, clearing enough space for her to step out of the well-lit room the old woman sits in. The darkness of the hall rushes forward to eat her once more. This time, the ignition of one of the blades chases the darkness back. She holds the blade closer to her face, bathing her body in red. ---- “Her signal is back - she’s alive,” Tremayne tells all of them over the intercom. The night of the seventh day is fast approaching and all the prospects have been presumed dead. A mystery plaguing the four people in the compound for the past few days are the whereabouts of Kylo Ren’s prospect. After the cameras had surged back online with maintenance from the probe droids they sent in, a thorough scan of the entire temple showed an absence of her life signs. Kylo has been in the sparring ring with Yun, taking his frustration out on the bigger knight with powerful blows that Yun simply throws back with tenfold the force. Tremayne’s announcement catches him off-guard and Yun takes the opening, knocking Kylo straight off his feet with an uppercut. The younger man doesn’t have time to throw a kick in retaliation. He lets his pride take the hit more than his body, scrambling to his feet as both he and Yun rush out of the training room to the hall. Their long strides eat up the distance between the training wing and the control room - Sariss skids out of her room and looks like she’s come straight from the ‘fresher, wringing water out of her hair as she scrambles to step into leg-wraps. “Does the Supreme Leader know?” Kylo immediately asks as he catches sight of Rey on the vidscreen when the three of them barge into the control room. She’s emerging from behind a wall comprised of solid stone in some unknown wing. Her gait is strange, as if she’s in a trance or drugged. She makes a motion like she’s lifting an obstruction out of her way and there is an object held tightly in her dominant hand. “He’s been advised - so have the other knights. That’s them tuning in,” Tremayne nods to the various pings coming out of a transponder. Everyone in the galaxy with access to these feeds - a scant handful of people - watching, their interest renewed now that there is a survivor. “What the kriff is she holding?” Sariss mutters, squinting as she leans closer to the screen to observe the long, cylindrical object held in Rey’s hands. When the blade ignites, everyone in the room holds their breath. Kylo feels the floor lurch under his feet. ---- The chamber echoes with the sounds of her steps. Everything seems magnified. She can feel the creature’s lungs as they inflate and deflate with each intake of air. It sleeps just twenty paces to her right, curled on its side. Rey smells the fresh blood wetting the floor of its lair, bones of dead prospects littering the stone floor. Some were alive only hours ago - Rey can feel the flickering echo of their last thoughts. She feels like an alien is inhabiting her skin and she’s watching it move with her face and body from a great distance. The beast’s form is in front of her, massive. It should hear her. It only stirs when she ignites the second blade, jabbing out with its terrible claws. Rey has no notion of how she can move like this, as if every motion the beast plans on making is clearly in her mind before it makes it. She vaults over the swinging limb, landing behind it to score burning marks against its hide before she dances away. The beast roars. It keeps up a constant, lunging gait towards her, standing on its hind legs before knuckling back on its claws. It overreaches and draws back a stump when it tries to snatch at her again, her blade cutting clean through tendon and bone. Rey advances on it, putting it on the defense for the first time in probably centuries as she backs it towards the darker half of the hall - where the doors stand ready. Freedom. Her blades sing. This is Juyo , the old woman says in her mind, gleeful, and how wonderful you are at it. Rey stops, realizing how damn silly fighting this beast must seem. A laugh bubbles up in her throat. Utterly ridiculous. She turns her mind on the sluggish, black stain edging away from her mind and insists herself on its will. It snaps like rusted girders under the weight of her suggestion. The beast stops in its tracks, slinking its gangly arms low to the floor as its mouth goes slack in a mix of either shock or surprise. It’s somewhat sentient and Rey can smell fear radiating off its hide as it looks at her. “ Kneel ,” she hisses at it, pointing the tip of her blade at the floor. The creature bends, guttering on a growl. Rey swings her blade in an arc, cutting clear through something vital that pumps blood to this thing’s heart. It falls to the floor, twitching in its death throes as Rey backs off to avoid the wildly spasming limbs. Soon it jerks still and Rey feels the flickering life force, the black stain, disappear from this plane. Rey is shaking. She feels tears of exhaustion seep down her cheeks as she deactivates the lower blade on the staff. Everything is fine until she looks down at the body of the thing she’s just killed. The anger is back, swallowing her vision as she screams. Her lone blade sings off the creature’s hide, slicing through. It’s dead already, but Rey feels a point needs to be made. She hacks and swings, gouges and scours - she’s cut clear through the flesh and thick, hot drops of its blood now cover her from head to toe. Still she swings, screaming until her lungs burn and the energy evaporates from her body. Only when her blade reaches the stones beneath the creature’s body does she stop, the ache in her shoulder magnified by the jolt of her saber catching on the thicker, almost impenetrable rock lining the floor. ---- “She just killed a terentatek. She made the terentatek lay down and let her kill it ,” Sariss says, every word imbued with disbelief. Yun has his mouth open wide enough to catch a Caridian lokfly. Tremayne is vacillating between sweating and shaking his head in wonder, scratching nervously at the cybernetics that cover his jaw. Kylo is already running out of the room, pulling on his robes as he makes his way to the hangar. ---- Rey doesn’t have the strength to lift her head when the vague outline of someone’s legs obscure her field of vision. She’s bent forward on her hands and knees, taking shaky gulps of breath. The saberstaff is laying beneath her fingers. Someone tips her chin up, forcing Rey to look at them as they crouch close. It’s the old woman. Only she’s not old - how could Rey be so damn blind ? The disguise is all too obvious, wispy cobwebs of energy stringing around the echo of whoever this woman was. Long, thick lines of some archaic ink bisect her eyes, - the irises blaze yellow in the light of the tomb. Long, winding limbs and richly appointed robes aren’t what make her seem so physically imposing - it’s the way she carries herself, as if nothing can best her. “You’re a Sith,” Rey manages to choke out, her fingers tightening around the saber hilt she has pressed to the floor. “She was a Sith. You’re speaking to a mere memory of her - an afterthought. Everything she was, what I am, is in this - try not to lose me.” Her gloved fingers rest on Rey’s chest, pressing an indent of the tiny object beneath the fabric into Rey’s skin. “What makes you think I won’t toss this thing and this hilt into the closest river I can find?” Rey spits out, rage filling her up. She hates this place, hates these people , hates this woman- “There you are, Rey. You’ve found yourself down here,” the woman praises her, cupping her face between her hands. The touch is motherly and it makes Rey’s stomach churn and her heart twist with its familiarity. “Once you make it out of here, they will seize this and the saber from you,” she puts a hand on Rey’s breastbone, pressing the tetrahedron beneath until the strange, heavy metal it’s made of bites more marks into her flesh. “But not to worry - your young man will most assuredly show you how to construct some excuse of a lightsaber to use until your freedom is earned. And of course, I don’t need to be too awfully far from the holocron to have a chat with you,” she assures Rey, propping her up. The Sith feels almost real, but still so much like an afterthought - Rey finds the sensation hard to put in words. Rey wavers on her feet, opening her mouth to ask what young man before the sound of the magnetic locks holding the stone doors closed signal her deliverance from this hellhole. The woman walks her towards the widening gap of light, her feet making no sound on the stone while Rey hears her own steps as clear as day. The temple doors slowly grind open and Rey is left staring out at the jungle beyond as the woman vanishes beneath her outreached arm. The girl stumbles out into the dying twilight. Rain is coming down hard. She can’t go further than the plinths that mark the start of the jungle before her knees give out. A faraway part of her brain, more clinical and analytical than the baser instincts powering her right now, recognizes it as shock. Rey is ready for whatever vicious creature that lives in this jungle to come eat her. She’s tired. She’s done. But the familiar sound of a speeder’s repulsorlift powering down reaches her ears before the heavy, familiar tread starts up. It’s him. When Rey looks up, the rain washes the blood off her face in small rivulets. He’s young. Long and angular. She can pick out constellations in the moles and freckles spangling his skin. After checking her over for the most evident of her injuries he lifts her up, spreading her weight between his arms. “I’m Rey,” she tells him, because names are important. “Kylo,” he says, his voice clear and deep. A warm, comforting weight presses against her mind and she knows it’s him there as well. Rey lets the blackness coloring the corners of her vision take her down into that deep well once more. Notes: The object Rey is now carrying is a Sith holocron - the inhabitant of the holocron and the aforementioned mysterious woman now comfortably haunting Rey is Darth Zannah , the second half of the original 'Rule of Two' and Darth Bane's former apprentice - right up until she killed him. She lived roughly a thousand years before the Battle of Yavin and is probably one of the most powerful female Darths to exist in canon and the EU. She wielded a double-bladed saber known as Bane's Heart . For those unfamiliar with how holocrons work, we'll get to that in the plot. As always, your feedback is appreciated and always eagerly waited on. Read on! Chapter 5 : ACT I: The Abduction, Part V Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ACT V: The Abduction, Part V “S he must be silenced - quickly. The girl’s powers are too wild and unchecked to be honed into anything resembling control by our teachings - save for the Supreme Leader, no one can temper whatever crawled into her mind in that temple. If she is allowed to train among us, she could develop into something that will undermine the knights,” Tremayne spins his argument to Yun and Sariss in the control room. “Which is exactly why the Supreme Leader should decide if she’s to be trained or exterminated, Tremayne. Not by your order. If any one has any right to decide what’s to be done about the girl, it’s him,” Yun drones back, the thrum of his voice strong and echoing. Kylo can hear them clear down the hall as he makes his way back towards them, keeping his steps light and slow to better hear their thoughts on the matter. He’d deposited Rey’s unconscious body in the medbay, her mind still deeply submerged in sleep after a few prodding suggestions from his own will. When Kylo left, a 2-1B medical droid was puzzling over her strong heartbeat and thrumming neurological readouts. He had stayed long enough to retrieve the strange object lodged in the folds of her tunic, held tight against her chest by her slowly spasming hand. It was as if something compelled her to hold onto it even in the deepest of dreams. The saberstaff already hangs from his belt, hitting his leg with every step he takes towards the control room. His fist tightens around the shape pressed into his palm - a holocron . In his other hand is the wadded mess of bandaging he’d carefully stripped from Rey’s supposedly injured shoulder - when he'd seen it, the puckered scar tissue around the entry wound looked months old versus the true six day age of the wound. The electrostaff should’ve severed her subclavian artery and left Rey dead on the temple floor. It did sever her subclavian artery, according to a scan the 2-1B droid preformed. When the knight finally turns the corner that opens on the control room, Tremayne and Yun are hovering dangerously close to one another. They’re clearly posturing, the reflexively clenching and unclenching of hands a subtle tell of how close they are to escalating a seemingly benign difference of opinion to a larger power play. And while Kylo believes Yun might have superior strength over Tremayne, the inquisitor isn’t to be underestimated. All three of the knights turn to him as he enters. The two men break off from one another and slink back to their respective ends of the room, their eyes still fixed on one another. “This is the part where you two break the thick tension by kissing passionately,” Sariss mutters at the vidscreen after she turns her back to the room, playing clips of Rey’s one-sided fight with the terentatek. Yun’s noise of disgust comes at the same time as Tremayne’s snort of derision. “I’d sooner stick my tongue down a tuk’ata’s throat,” is the sharp reply from Yun, scrubbing his jaw as he squints at the inquisitor. Kylo ignores the bickering that crops up after that barb is thrown, joining Sariss at the vidscreen as the two men argue behind him. She turns her face up to him, an eyebrow arching in piqued interest at the items in his hands. He hands off the wad of gauze, crusted with old blood - her blood - to Sariss. She turns it over in her hand, pursing her lips at the spread of paste matting the material. Her fingers pry apart the paste to reveal a flaky pulp beneath, showing stringy clots of blood intermingled with the living pinks and reds of crushed plant bulbs. The woman seems to make her mind up after bending her face towards the bandaging - close enough to let some identifying scent filter through her senses. Sariss tosses the bandaging into a nearby wastebasket, tugging her gloves higher on her wrists. “Nysillin - alternatively known as sillum. It’s a powerful analgesic and coagulant with absolutely no business existing on Dromund Kaas in its plant form. It’s native to Felucia and as far as I know that planet is the sole exporter. You crush the bulb of a mature plant and it bleeds that milk - synthesize the liquid and you have one of the most powerful topical healing medicines in the known galaxy.” “How could the plant get in the temple in any of its forms?” he asks, his face tilting up towards the vidscreens. “It couldn't have gotten into the temple. It has to be stored in cryotubes if you’re going to leave a cut bulb out for more than a day - otherwise it will denature and become ineffective. We’re the only ships besides smugglers that come into this star system, and they know better than to set foot on this planet,” Sariss rambles, restlessly tapping her nails against the console. “I don’t know any reason as to why it should be down in the tombs, save for someone deliberately placing it there.” Her words taper to a slow stop as he extends his other hand to her, opening it to show the tetrahedron. It gleams like a small black jewel in his glove. Sariss doesn’t pick it up. Every inch of her body seems to strain away from it once she gives it a cursory glance. The men behind them stop arguing and move over to them. “ A holocron? ” says Tremayne, his tone incredulous. “Not unusual to find in a Sith tomb,” Yun adds in, looming over the back of Sariss’s chair to get a better look at the object. “It could be how she managed to find her way out of the sublevels. And the advanced combat style she developed. It might’ve even guided her to wherever that saberstaff was being stored - possibly in a cache or a sarcophagus,” Sariss ventures her hand out to tap lightly on a smooth side of the holocron. The letters flare red and everyone but Kylo - who is holding the damn thing - reels back. “This still doesn’t explain how she walked out of a solid wall and survived a wound like that. Let alone for six days. Or the vidfeed blackouts and unresponsive tracking chip,” Tremayne barks out after the hieroglyphics stop burning. “Her strength during the fight with the terentatek was just as abnormal.” “If you could call that a fight. It was a massacre,” Yun corrects him. “She survived on Jakku her entire life in a semblance of independence - not only survived, but thrived. Her skill with a saberstaff isn’t a stretch to believe if you’d have seen how she handled the quarterstaff she carried around before we took her off-world,” Kylo directs towards Tremayne. “That doesn’t explain how she can execute a series of complex maneuvers belonging to a lightsaber form that hasn’t had a true practitioner since the Clone Wars,” hisses Tremayne, pointing out another clip on the vidscreen. Kylo has only read about Juyo, the seventh form, and its lesser subform of Vaapad. There are only coded diagrams and scattered snips of corrupted data pages from dusty archives, incomplete and scrambled after the fall of the empire. Even the antiquated scrolls that recovery teams bring back from Moraband and the deeper reaches of the tombs on Dromund Kaas are incomplete or damaged. Juyo and Vaapad are forms that were lost to the ages until today. “It’s likely that she had help from the holocron with all of this,” Kylo finally settles on something he was reluctant to believe in the first place - something might’ve very well gotten into Rey’s mind. It wasn’t unheard of, these possessions. They were relegated to myth and theory, but existed none the less. “Results like these are why we need to just dump the next batch of hopefuls into a sandpit with a ronto hyped up on stims. Ghosts and holocrons complicate things,” Yun says, shooting Tremayne a scathing glance. Tremayne is the original architect of this process. This is the first selection that Kylo has witnessed. A terminal on the other wall chirps. Sariss wheels herself over to it. “The holoterminal is going off,” Sariss says over her shoulder as an advisory crawls across the screen. Kylo barely has time to register her words before she adds, “the main holoterminal.” Their prior debate falls flat and dies on the control room floor as all four knights straighten up, making for the door as they tug up collars and hoods after clamping helms back over their bare faces. ---- As is customary, everyone is kneeling before the holoprojector in the cavernous communications room in the deepest sublevel of the complex. Other shimmering bodies flicker before their transmissions stabilize, filling the room with a static-laden blue glow until twenty more knights are kneeling in various parts of the galaxy to receive the Supreme Leader’s transmission. In the center forms a massive projection, doubling over a couple of meters in height before solidifying into the form of their master. All of the knights kneeling tip their faces forward, bowing their bodies further to the ground as Snoke’s transmission stabilizes and the audio feed comes online. “Sons and daughters in the Force,” he rumbles, bowing his head at the loud murmur of a joined greeting. “Hail, Supreme Leader,” they chorus back. “We end this month’s cycle with a successful and lively selection process. Congratulations are owed to Kylo Ren, best among us at this very hour as he is the one who brought forward this worthy candidate to join our order. Who so objects to the motion brought before you?” Silence fills the room until Tremayne stands, then two more. The vast majority of the knights hover undecidedly between kneeling and glancing up to observe those that would speak against Rey’s admission into the Knights of Ren. Snoke’s sagging brow inclines towards Tremayne. “Speak your objections, Antinnis Tremayne.” “Supreme Leader, the girl cannot be allowed to join if such a power dominates her mind. If anything, we should suspend her admission into the order and examine this possession by the holocron more closely. If a Sith spirit truly did help her survive the trial, it’s likely that it remains within her. It should be studied, not brought into the fold. We run the risk opening ourselves to an internal danger,” Tremayne’s voice is strong, carrying over the bent heads. It rallies the two that stand in agreement with him - already their arguments brew concerning this scavenger unworthy of their ranks and possessing a power that they cannot understand. Kylo thinks of interrogation droids ripping up his prospect as Tremayne watches, trying to root out the power in her body down to a cellular level until nothing of her is left but a slab of flesh on an examination table. The image brings him to his feet. “Are you concurring with Inquisitor Tremayne’s assessment, Kylo Ren?” Snoke asks, his gaze settling on him. Kylo feels the weight of his mind cracking under the strain of his master’s inquisitive prods, even with the distance of an entire galaxy between them. A dark murmur fills the back of his mind as he speaks. “I disagree, Supreme Leader. She’s shown no signs of possession and the holocron remains mostly unresponsive to our presence. It’s likely that its gatekeeper simply used her as a sort of vehicle to escape the temple - it’s not uncommon for objects embed with a personality of their own to want to escape from Sith tombs. Now that the holocron is in our possession, it could be a great asset to the order - dangerous, as the inquisitor is suggesting, but a danger we can harness.” “How are you so certain of this? Of course she wouldn’t exhibit signs of possession! No parasite is stupid enough to expose itself-” Tremayne barks, but is cut short by a terrible rumbling from Snoke. “ Kneel ,” Snoke roars, the force of his words driving everyone still standing to their knees. Kylo’s mask scrapes the ground. Tremayne is completely flattened under the force of Snoke’s will, his robes snagging on the rough stone of the floor. “The girl will neither live nor die by my decision or any other’s save for Kylo Ren. The Knights of Ren have endured for years and weathered much harsher trials - a simple holocron borne by a scrap of a girl cannot topple everything we’ve built. Kylo Ren, do you so swear to carry out judgement that best serves the First Order?” “Yes, Supreme Leader,” pours out of his mouth without any initiative from his mind, which screams. “Sariss Ren, Yun Ren - do you both so swear to aid your brother in this endeavor?” Snoke’s terrible eyes wrench free from Kylo to focus on the two kneeling behind his bent form. “We so swear it, Supreme Leader,” their synchronized voices float over his shoulder. “That settles the matter. The girl’s fate is in the hands of her master. Knight Sariss - keep the holocron and discern what you can from it. But be cautious of the sealing spells on it. Don’t let the girl get near it unless I give the directive.” “Master,” Sariss intones, a clink sounding - she must’ve touched her masked face to the floor. “Knights Yun and Sariss will remain as instructors for the girl should Kylo Ren decide to spare her life and take her on as an apprentice. If she is executed, they will resume their normal duties. Inquisitor Tremayne is to return with the saberstaff to the capital to await my orders. The rest of you continue your business as usual and await my orders.” At Snoke’s gesture, Kylo unclips the saberstaff from where it hangs on his belt. He imagines igniting both of the blades and throwing it to Tremayne to see if the old man catches it with his face, but restrains himself. Tremayne takes the calmly offered hilt with a seething posture, pocketing it in a voluminous sleeve as he sets his robes to rights. The knights bow to Snoke in unison - Kylo can feel their breathing catch as they all wait for dismissal, even through lightyears of distance. “Everyone get out,” mutters Snoke, “with the exception of Kylo Ren.” The three physically with him in the communications room back out after low, scraping bows are made. The knights transmitting from parts unknown mirror the genuflecting gestures as their signals terminate. “Come forward, my son,” Snoke rumbles when the hiss of the airlock closing on the three standing in the hallway reaches their ears. “I suppose you have a great many questions to ask of me. Speak as you will,” he waves his massive hand, giving Kylo the wordless gesture of assent as he unclasps the mask from his face to speak to his master without any barriers. “Master, how is it that you knew where she was?” he manages, the question that has been burning in his mind for weeks the first thing to spill out of his mouth. Snoke simply chuckles, as if explaining this was the simplest thing in the world. His master has a way of simplifying things - everything is so clear with him, unclouded. “Happenstance. She was a flicker that should’ve never registered - a tiny spark that caught my eye as I extended my reach towards someone I was searching for. I found her clinging at the edge of my mind - a forgotten, lonely thing. But brightly burning with great potential. I foresaw that she could be a great asset to our order, if she should only bend .” “From what I’ve seen, it’s unlikely that she will take our offer. The Light is strong within her, master - could you not feel it?” He thinks of splitting her open with his saber - the gut, the neck - which would be quicker if she should refuse? Something in him balks at the thought. Snoke’s smile is terrible as it unfurls across his malformed expression. “I felt it, my young apprentice, and it is precisely the reason why I had you seek her out instead of leaving her to rot in that far flung corner of the galaxy - as forgotten as the hollowed out bones of the ships she scrounged in. It will all come to you in time. Until then I leave the decision in your hands, Kylo Ren. Either kill her or keep her - the power to choose her fate is yours.” ---- “I take it Tremayne has left or is in the process of leaving,” Kylo comments as the three of them tromp towards the medbay. His mask is back on and his temper has cooled somewhat after speaking with his master. Snoke has a habit of centering his focus into a keen point. “You’re correct - the cyborg is leaving with your girl’s saber. It’s a shame. I haven’t seen a real one in ages - would’ve liked to have held it at least once, if only to remember,” Yun trails off. “Maybe it’s best that we don’t tempt ourselves. You remember how Supreme Leader barely let Kylo keep his device after he constructed it,” Sariss gestures to Kylo’s waist, where the tattered mess of metal and wires hangs from his belt. Kylo makes a noise of agreement. They enter the medbay to the chirping of monitors and the staccato beat of Rey’s heartbeat. She’s buried under wires and tubes as the droids bustle around her, a respirator clamped firmly over her lower face that clouds with her breath. The droids have cut away the stained training blacks that have been her only coverings for the past week and laced her into a medical tunic that covers her from nape to knees. Sariss and Yun almost fidget around her for the span of a breath - finally Sariss breaks away to stoop low near Rey’s head, her mask turning as she examines the girl up and down. Her gloved fingers pause over her brow, just barely touching the sweat-beaded skin of the girl on the examination table. Yun joins her, pressing a hand to Sariss’s back to join her link. Kylo takes up guard on her other side, letting the other two take her measure. A strange fizzle of... pride is tightening in his chest. “Oh, but she’s powerful,” breathes Sariss after a minute of silent, furtive searching - she must be skimming the surface of Rey’s mind, feeling out the deep well of power Kylo knows now exists at the very root of her being. Rey’s eyes slowly slide open and the 2-1B droid squawks, “The patient is under heavy sedation and should not be emerging from her REM cycle at this time!” “Well, she’s obviously fought off the drugs,” Yun speculates, leaning close. Rey’s pupils contract at the light glinting off his mask’s visor. Suddenly the three of them and the bevy of medical droids are blown back by a tidal force as Rey screams . Kylo’s back cracks against the sole window in the medbay, scraping down as gravity resumes its regularly scheduled programing. He sees Yun picking himself off the droid he just crushed under his weight and Sariss’s body language is downright dazed as she stumbles to pick herself out of the wreckage of a medical supply cart. She disengages the clasps of her mask, sucking in lungfuls of air as she watches the girl try to rip every line of plastoid pumping sedatives and medicine into her body, various wires scraped off with every swipe of her long limbs. Rey hasn’t stopped screaming, wild panic and fury twisting her expression. Kylo can’t even pick out Rey’s thoughts in the pouring torrent of feedback pushing into his mind. It nearly knocks him back on his ass. Sariss stares. “Simply amazing. She made it out in one piece and appears to be only mildly catatonic and dehydrated. No severe signs of trauma. Any psychological setbacks can be modified to suit her training.” Rey screams her throat raw, thrashing against the bindings holding her fast to the examination table. A burst of glass as the window behind him shatters startles Sariss and Yun further back towards the door to the medical unit, but Kylo digs his heels in despite the threat of getting sprayed with a fine mist of transparisteel shrapnel as it whips in a storm around the medbay. Kylo kicks the downed 2-1B droid into an upright state with a well-aimed swing of his leg, snarling, “ Put her back under, damnit. ” The droid scrambles to amp up the flow of sedatives before Rey can articulate her rage into pulling the roof down on them. The storm of shrapnel dies down as Rey slumps under the weight of the drugs flooding her veins, choked whimpers escaping her throat. Tears bead towards her temples. Finally, she sleeps - open eyed, but asleep. “Alright, maybe not mildly catatonic,” Sariss amends her earlier statement, dabbing her cut cheek with a strip of gauze she snatches from the crushed medical supply cart. “But all that rage is going to make her a splendidly powerful knight.” “Amazing,” Yun says under his breath, stripping a glove off to press his hand against the crushed medical cart. It looks like something has seized it around the middle and folded the sheets of alloy like foil. “She did that. I’ve not see a full Force crush since Jerec was alive.” “We’re going to need stronger transparisteel,” Kylo mutters, stalking out of the medbay. He dodges a herd of mouse droid whirring in to start the cleanup process. He chooses to ignore Sariss’s comment that trails after him. “Your apprentice might manage to top even your repair costs in material damages, Kylo.” ---- Dawn. And he still hasn’t come to a solid decision. He intercepts Yun on his way to the training wing, who is maskless and in training blacks. The bigger man is chugging something sludge-colored from a clear canister, adjusting a towel over his shoulder as he halts his stride to greet him. “Tremayne left with your shuttle and troopers this morning, all parties ready to get off this rock. He took the saberstaff with him and left the holocron with Sariss. Now she’s locked herself in the hololibrary for the time being.” “I’ll speak to her after I deal with the girl.” Yun only raises his eyebrow at that, chugging another fifth of whatever protein concoction is in that bottle. Kylo’s stomach turns as he remembers the last time he tried Yun’s supplements made to add on muscle mass. He recalls the taste as a mix of wet Wookiee and rancid Jawa Juice. Yun draws the bottle away from his face. “High command comm’d us last night to advise they’d be circling around for pickup after a six month exercise in wild space on the Vengeance. Until then, all four of us are stuck on Dromund Kaas. Our transport left atmo barely after Sariss and I put our boots on the ground. Our troopers looked spooked enough just by being in the star system.” “This planet isn’t for the weak minded,” Kylo says as he turns his back on Yun, starting towards the hololibrary instead of the medical unit. “It’s not even for our minds in large quantities, Ren,” Yun shouts at his retreating back. “I’ll be in the weight room - should probably rally with our sister and get a plan formulated. We’ll help you either dump the girl’s body or train her up properly, whatever you decide.” “I’ll keep that in mind.” ---- Sariss spins the holocron in her fingers. Kylo found her wedged between two databanks, her holopad streaming with downloads as she works to extract what she can from the old archives. Various tools - archaeological in nature - are spread over the only workbench in the cramped server room. “If the carbon dating isn’t lying, it dates the construction of this particular holocron to roughly a thousand years ago,” Sariss turns the holocron with her gloved hands, light illuminating what he thought were oblique, polished sides. Inspecting the object at a closer angle reveal the many sides of the holocron to be comprised of crystalline lattices interlocking in countless, minuscule layers that are somewhat translucent under thorough lighting. They are the color of old blood when Sariss tilts them towards the overhead lamp hanging near the databanks. “Almost as old as you,” he speculates. It’s worth the venomous look she shoots him. He cracks a smirk. “Kylo makes a joke. I’ll mark the occasion down on my calendar. I can still toss you clean across the sparring yard with a thought , no matter how strong you are with that nightlight you call a saber.” “Back to the pressing topic - have you figured it out?” he gestures towards the holocron. Sariss makes a murmur he classifies as a mix between yes and no. “Your apprentice must’ve earned the approval or met some standard that the gatekeeper had concerning what you could consider a threshold. They found something worthy in her and disseminated the information the original artificer of this holocron embedded in the matrices - pressed some rough mold of their knowledge and experiences into her subconsciousness, building on what was already there. Sort of an osmosis. It took her preternatural abilities and magnified them with the resurgent living Force within, guiding her.” “My apprentice?” he asks, amusement at Sariss’s presumptions. “You’re not planning on killing her are you?” she scoffs, handing off the holocron to him as she rummages for a new tool from the workbench. “Wait. Don’t answer that - I don’t want to know. I’d rather deal with things as they come, whatever you decide.” He turns the holocron over in his palm, listening to her voice of warning when she sees him start to strip off his other glove. “Don’t touch it with your bare skin, whatever you do. That original creator, whomever they were, wasn’t to be trifled with if their holocron merited being stored in the temple. If the gatekeeper in it believes you to be unworthy, the hieroglyphics could react in a curse seal. And Sith curses aren’t by any measure light ,” Sariss is careful to add, plucking the holocron out of his hands before placing it back in the energy shield on the workbench. It levitates to hover in the anti-grav environment once the shields engage, spinning slowly. “Do you have any idea of who the gatekeeper represents in this particular holocron?” “Considering how many Sith existed a thousand years ago, there could be any number of candidates who constructed this holocron. It’s smaller than average but deceptively so - it was meant to be carried. Some old lords from the Sith Empire preferred monolithic holocrons housed in large pyramids - ones that would take days for slaves to move. The smallest I’ve seen, barring this one, is the size of a holopad. This one can fit into your breast pocket. But none of it makes sense. The blade, the holocron. From the short looks I got at the saberstaff, both of these items come from an earlier era, a clear two thousand years after the temple was abandoned. This planet was just as deserted as it is now as it was a thousand years ago when these items were constructed. Someone would’ve had to have placed them within the temple itself, and recently.” Silence falls on them as Sariss busies her hands at her workbench. Kylo stares at the scrolling feed of aurebesh as her holopad downloads years of files. Sariss is the first to crack. He hears her tools clatter onto the surface of the workbench as she presses her hands to it, exhaling. “Alright, I take back what I said earlier about not wanting to know. What are you going to do with her?” He answers Sariss with silence, because he is just as adrift about the decision. “Can I speak freely?” Sariss starts, scrubbing a hand through her short hair. “When have you ever not spoken your mind?” he asks her, turning. She’s facing him now, leaning against the workbench with her arms folded tight across her chest. He remembers how she looked during his first years with the order, her face not-so-brittle and free of its present tension. A passive, calm lake in the middle of the roiling turmoil the knights embodied. Sariss purses her lips and looks like she’s in danger of rolling her eyes, but she refrains. “You can’t kill her,” she emphasizes her words by stabbing a finger at him as she paces, putting the workbench between them. “We were all like her at one point. Lashing out at everything that moved, in one form or another. Whatever the gatekeeper in this holocron saw in your apprentice was something worthy of survival. I don’t believe in killing something worthy of training - it would be a waste of your potential as a teacher and hers as a student.” “Tremayne might be right,” he warns. Sariss scoffs. “Tremayne is an overcautious relic. The girl needs proper guidance. Your guidance. She’s been alone for so long that dependency on others will be as rankling as a slave collar. But with time, she might learn how far she can go - how much her powers can do to restore order to the galaxy. You didn’t believe in our cause overnight - give her that chance,” Sariss is entreating at this point, arranging her tools around the holocron in a furtive attempt to keep her hands busy. She looks up at him. “You, her, the others - this generation is my hope for the future. Even the Supreme Leader acknowledges his own mortality by passing on his teachings to you. Him, Tremayne, myself, Yun - we’re all fading shadows. The day will come when the First Order requires a guiding hand to lead all of us into the age of the resurgent empire, Kylo Ren. You’ll meet opposition from without and from within - people like Hux and the moffs have no respect for our kind. Fear, but little respect. You and her must aspire to the levels that the Supreme Commander reached during his era - symbols. Gods. Leaders ,” she grits out, pressing a palm against the table. “I’ll take what you’ve said into consideration,” he says, his tone cautious because what Sariss is insinuating is something dangerous - something spoken between the lines of all knights when the conversation turns towards the ambiguous future, uncertain as their fate is at this time. Sariss’s open expression shutters closed once more, the cut on her cheek flexing under the strain of her frown. Sariss turns her back to him, her shoulders rigid as she deactivates the shielding around the holocron works a clean brush into the grooves of the holocron’s sides. Her next words are spoken absently, as if she is saying them more for herself than for him. “Some believe a military junta is required to lead the First Order - not the guidance the Supreme Leader provides. It’s our mission to root out such dissension and elevate those that put the mission before their personal ambitions. And that girl is someone I foresee as a great ally if you win her trust. You don’t get a better omen than some stripling girl wielding an ancient blade, carrying a powerful holocron over the body of the massive terentatek she just mauled.” ---- She surfaces, finally. Jumbled dreams of a masked trio hovering over her, droids phasing in and out of her line of sight. “ Powerful ,” says a woman’s voice. The sharp edges of the masked man’s mind - Kylo - another, blunt edges and linked with the woman. They’re watching. Rey breaks out of the fog slowly, her eyes opening on a bland ceiling with equally bland lighting in a sterile room. Lines are fed into ports on both insides of her elbows. Every inch of her is bolted down to this table. A tiny wriggle assures her that she’s stuck full of needles and tubes. Rey sucks in a calming breath and exhales, feeling something brush gently against her mind. Her neck and head are the only parts of her she has freedom of movement over, so she turns in the direction of a blur sitting on the edge of her bed. It’s him. Without the mask - she remembers now. Him and two others, all masked until the woman removed hers. Her need to break everything in the room to escape, to be free. She had to get out of here, this was a mistake, her being here is a mistake- Kylo - that is his name - interrupts her. His voice is smooth, undulating waves. She settles and scrapes her chin against the sheets, clearing the loose hanks of hair out of her eyes to watch him warily. “If you remain calm, I’ll remove the restraints. If you act out again, they will remain on your limbs until you prove that you can keep your emotions in check.” Rey only manages to tip her head in a nod - yes . She feels his hands work slowly at her restraints, the crinkle of the cheap fabric of her medical tunic filling her ears as he feeds the wires and tubes back out of her skin. He carefully smears bacta patches over the sluggishly leaking punctures the needles and wires have left in her, spotting her white with pasted bandages until she lies free of all the machines on the bed. “Will you listen to what I have to say, Rey?” he asks her, sotto voiced - as if he’s trusting her with a great secret. It’s the first time he’s used her given name. Not girl or scavenger . Her breath catches in her chest. She reaches for that dark spot in her mind that she knows the woman lives in. The ghost offers no wise words of guidance, but Rey can feel her like a pressure behind her eyes if she lies still enough. “I’m listening,” she croaks, her voice rough with disuse and her throat raw from screaming. “My master has given me a choice - either I let you live and bring you up as a knight of our order, or you die by my hand on this backwater. What should my option be?” he asks her, as if she has a hand in her own fate. The part of her that is survival screams at her to listen carefully. But her mouth wins out. “You’re all insane,” she mutters to the ceiling overhead, seeing through him. He doesn’t reply. Minutes pass and his face remains a smooth, passionless mask as he watches her start to crumble. She thinks of everyone in Niima, their bones already scoured clean by the star’s rays and the beasts and the sand and she can’t die, she has to go back . Fay’et’s body, slowly consumed. Thrash’s vertebrae snapping with a twist of her wrist. Rey has always understood who holds power over her. Unkar Plutt. The elements. Starvation. Heat. Waiting. Now it’s this man. Rey bends . “I don’t want to die,” she chokes out, tears beading down her cheeks as she eases her sore body into a bent position. But she’s finally upright. She will not die on her back. “You don’t have to die,” he tells her, offering out a gloved hand. Rey ignores it. “I’m not left with much choice,” she works out between hiccups of short, painful inhales. Her legs swing out over the opposite side of the bed, recoiling away from him even though she feels like an automaton strung along by his words. There’s a hole forming in her chest. She can’t tell if it’s everything in her finally snapping under the strain - is she finally going mad? Kylo stands, backing off a pace or two. The room is empty of droids and other people. It’s just them. “Your training begins as soon as you’re strong enough to step out of this bed.” Rey’s feet press against the cool tile of the medbay. She stands. Notes: A nice long chapter! For once, I have only a few references to give you since everything has been covered in earlier chapters. 'Jerec' The Vengeance Those familiar with my other fic Forms should be well aware of the pair that co-command the Vengeance in my 'verse' as it is. As always: Sariss, Yun, and Tremayne remain characters of the EU. Minor edits have been done on act one since I re-read 'Rey's Survival Guide' and had to tweak some tiny lines about certain aspects of living on Jakku. Otherwise, put on the training montage, folk. THE FUCKENING HAS JUST BEGUN.