When he first saw Poe Dameron, he felt like he was flying. Well, actually, when he first saw Poe Dameron, he felt like he was sinking into the ground, being swallowed by the weight of his guilt and sadness, the blood on his helmet dripping past his eyes as he watched this brave symbol of hope dragging his feet through the dirt, being led away into Ren’s ship. When he first saw Poe Dameron face-to-face, however, he felt like he was flying. In a sad way, that grin that spread across his face was a symbol of the freedom and adventure out there, a universe of possible happinesses and escapes. Finn's eyes sting horribly, and he doesn't know if it's sweat or tears but when he blinks it away, the mystery pilot's eyes are glimmering and Finn realises that he doesn't really care. Everything pales in comparison to this solid gold man, handsome and beaming despite his split lip and snotty nose. And then they are flying, the galaxy spread out in front of them, infinite possibilities along a weightless horizon. Too soon, his stomach takes up residence in his throat as they plunge through the atmosphere down towards the endlessly sandy plains of Jakku. When he sees the Tai-Fighter sinking into the sand dunes, he half wants to dive in after it and surrender himself to the never-ending gold landscape around him. But he doesn't. There's a dirty, bloody jacket clutched in his sandy palm, and recent memories burnt into his brain like the dying words of an age old friend. He doesn't follow Poe's ghost into the sinking sand, not because it's the right thing, not because of some mythic force of fate or nobility. He doesn't climb into the collapsing dune after the wreck of their ship, not because of righteousness or the Force, but because when he needed a pilot, Poe helped, and if Poe needs that droid, Finn has to pay him back somehow. When he meets Rey, he is terrified. Here is this woman, standing tall and fierce and angry, knocking out fighters left and right for the droid at her feet- for Poe's droid. She bends down to converse with the beeping ball, then locks eyes with him and he wishes he was back in the sinking sands with the Tai-Fighter and Poe's corpse. Later, when they're standing face to face, and she isn't trying to murder him, he lies through his teeth. It's the most guilty he's ever felt because he can read, in the quirk of her smile and the set of her brow, that she is seeing the same stars in his eyes that he saw in Poe's. He knows that the universe that spreads before them as they escape in the rusty, garbage can of ship contains stars and possibilities that belong to people bigger and more important than him, people like Poe and Rey. People who have destinies above 'lying stormtrooper defector', who can fly through the skeletons of ships from mythological wars without batting an eye. They arrive at Maz's cantina, and that wizened old apricot of a woman starts talking to him about ancient eyes, all he can think about is how wrong she is, there's nothing to be read or shared in his eyes because he has no future, he will always simply be a story told in present tense, no true beginning or end. He wishes he had jumped into that swirling sandpit, he wishes he was back at base being screamed at because he couldn't do his job right, because he could never do his job right. But there is no sand, only the dirty jacket on his back and the lonely constellations in Rey's eyes, barely held back tears glimmering as he runs away because running away is all he's ever been able to do right. But then he sees the ships on the horizon, and the shapes zipping around in the sky, and he doesn't want to run anymore. Somehow, the terror all around him feels like home, because he stops running. He stops running, he turns around, and he fights and it feels like he's flying. After they finally land at the Resistance base, Finn feels like he's failed all over again. He turned around, and he fought, for what? For Rey, white as a ghost, being taken away to planets unknown, for the weary sadness in the General's eyes when she asks for his help? It's only when BB-8 slams into his calf from behind, nearly toppling him, that he realises what he's fought for. For his new family; the droid that still seems to hate him despite everything, for the Wookie that tried to bite his face of when he helped him, and for the blindingly bright grin that spreads across sun-kissed cheeks when he calls out, "Poe Dameron! You're alive!" They crowd in close together, laughing and slapping each other on the back. When Poe pulls back far enough to look him in the eyes, steady hands gripping his biceps, Finn remembers that first moment, when he saw the stars in Poe's eyes. The first time they kiss, it feels like flying. The feeling never really stops. Notes: Shout out to deadwright for putting up with me and this.