Alexander Hamilton Summary: The galaxy sings for you, will they know what you overcame, will they know you rewrote the game. The Force will never be the same... “One half portion.” Anger bubbled up within her, swelling and surging in her chest. Half portion? Who does the junker think he is that he could just dismiss her with a half portion, barely enough for one meal, for the entire day, like she was nothing? Rey swallowed it down with the dryness in her mouth, silently grabbing the package before Platt could change his mind. Humiliated, that all the scavenging stealing, scrounging little 14 (was she fourteen? Rey couldn’t remember any more, but from the white marks on the wall of her home, she assumed so) Rey could do amounted to so little yield, she hopped on the speeder she’d roughly cobbled together on stolen parts and sped home. Home, being the giant hulking metal container (walking ship? land ship? 4 legs, Rey still wasn’t quite sure exactly what it was) she’d found after the junkyards kicked her out, too old to live unnoticed amongst the piles of scrap metal and garbage. Home, being the aforementioned metal container that now lay bare, all her little bits of cloth and miscellaneous that entertained her stolen, the dolls she’d fashioned to be her first (and only) friends strewn out on the sand dunes, trampled on uncaringly, her water containers, already meager and leaky, drained dry. The only thing unchanged were the walls after walls of white marking, one for every day after her parents told her they would come back. One too many. Her fists and her fury razed whatever was left inside the room to nothing but rubble, casualties of the ruin of her life, her home, the few, tiny things that were hers. Hers. Now gone. Just like her family. Just like who she was. Hours later, her rage, her frustration, her loneliness, her sadness expended itself. Rey lay spent and exhausted on the soft pillow of a nearby hill of sand, the sun having set far down enough that the heat was pleasant and small breeze had picked up. It blew wisps of her hair not pinned back in the three buns she could faintly recall her mother placing them in off her forehead. Rey remembered the old flight sim she’d recovered from the wreckage of a plane, something that when working, would sell for 5 portions at the junkyard. She remembered the old Resistance pilot helmet she’d found with it, the name Jessika Pava , yes last name, inscribed proudly on the side. Rey remembered every night she’d sat, sleepless and afraid of the things that creeped around her and the things that creeped inside her head, every tear she’d shed, every time she forgoed a meal in order to find more, scavenge more, and win the respect of the bosses with each extra piece. Every yellowing bruise and festering wound she’d ever received at the hands of someone else, because she was smaller and skinnier and weaker and easier to pick on, easier to hurt- Everytime she worked until she’d forgotten her own name, only to forget it again in her dreams, only to forget herself in the sand and the parts and the sun. She sat up. Never again , Rey thought. Never again would she let someone scatter her life to dust like this. No one would be coming anytime soon to defend her, defend who she was. She’d have to do it herself. Something new grew inside of her, a flower blooming in a desert wasteland. You gotta fend for yourself , something whispered in her mind. Yes, she agreed. Just you wait. The dolls were replaced back into the shelter, her half portion rehydrated, the water containers rearranged, her speeder safely tucked away where it would not join the rest of her missing possessions. She poured over the handbooks and mechanics guides she’d scavenged (ones that had miraculously survived the wrecks of their ships with most of the pages intact) by the yellowing light of a cracked, thefted lantern, the letters and characters she’d been taught years ago swirling in her brain to create words. Sometimes she didn’t understand the words, but she kept going. The little bits now made sense in her head, and one wire easily could’ve been rerouted here, some insulation there. Every week she’d beat the latest version of simulation Rey’d managed to program into the computer (some more successfully than others), and every week she’d pour over the algorithms for hours, making them harder, more complex, covering every situation she could ever be in when (not if, never if) she made it into the cockpit of a ship. Her brain ached as she forced herself through line of code after line of code, as she etched the parts and the names of every common piece in every common engine into her memory. The little voice spoke to her again: There’s a million things you haven’t done... Rey fetched full portions now, Rey gained respect for the quality of the machines she was able to fix up, some people even called her “girl” now, instead of “it”. It wasn’t enough. Rey pushed herself further. If I can teach myself to fly a ship, I can teach myself to fight, she thought. I can do anything, if I just keep going. Gotta keep going. An idea struck. Underneath a few inches of sand, a few feet away from where the dolls had been left, Rey unearthed the staff she’d handmade a long time ago, when she still had to make the hours long trek to and from Niima Outpost, the heat and the sun beating down on the small 10 year old too much for her to bear alone. It gained a new purpose; anyone who tried to hit her was hit in return. Rey matched bruise for bruise, cut for cut, and an odd emotion she later identified as pride welled up within her whenever she sent someone who came after her sprawling. A drifter passing through, someone with kind eyes and a gruff voice, watched her end a cantina fight with only a few swipes of her staff, and showed her the basics of what Rey could only guess as some type of formal fighting style. After the drifter left, she practiced what they’d taught her with staggering dedication, the ache in her sore muscles rewarded when Rey was able to take down one of the other scavengers trying to intimidate her into giving up her portion. She filled her insomniac nights with scavenging, scouting, practice, anything to push more excellence into her muscle memory, to beat extraordinary into her very soul. No more bitterness now, only sheer determination filled her up. The fighting came natural to her, the programming came natural, the engines came natural. The nightmares and tears still came, but she kept them at bay most of the time. Time to time, she swore she could feel electricity crackling down her spine, power generating in her wrists, a force gathering in her heart, waiting, waiting. Rey swore it whispered to her too, just you wait, just you wait. Only when she was exhausted of effort in all else, when her programs failed, her staff broke, her knee kicked in, her engines failed, and Platt had told her: “No portions.” did she ever listen to that force. Now it said, get up, get up, get up. There’s a million things you haven’t done. She laid out rations ahead of time, found high value parts faster and more efficiently, the rough intellect she’d sharpened into razor blade precise intelligence calculating risk factors and easiest route of access almost instantaneously, Rey’s brain and body and sheer talent now working together so she wouldn’t just survive on Jakku. She’d thrive. Now, when her family came, she would be able to show them the kind of person their daughter had grown into; one who could stand on their own two feet. The world will never be the same... Chapter 2 : Aaron Burr, Sir Summary: "EY YO I'M POE DAMERON IN THE PLACE TO BE, TWO PINTS OF CAF BUT I'M WORKING ON THREE. THESE STORMTROOPERS DON'T WANT IT WITH ME CUZ I WILL POP CHICKA POP THESE MEN TILL I'M FREE." "OUI OUI, MON AMIS, J'EMAPPELLE BB-8, THE LANCELOT OF THE REBELLION SET, I CAME FROM JAKKU TO DELIVER A SPECIAL MAP, TELL SNOKE CASSE TOI. WHO IS THE BEST? C'EST MOI." "BRAH, BRAH, MY NAME IS FINN, I'M A STORMTROOPER, UP IN IT REBELLIN' IT YES I HEARD PHASMA SAY COME AGAIN..." Notes: i lied, i did not listen to Aaron Burr, Sir on repeat while listening to this. it was more like a mix of my shot, aaron burr, sir, cabinet battle #1, and non stop. hope my characterizations and dialogue all work out, i've been typing for 4 hours straight and i'm too tired to give a shit if it makes sense lmao (writing like i'm running out of time) Present Day “Are you Han Solo?” The gruff old man looked at her for a long while, his caf untouched in front of him. Sandy wind fluttered through the curtains that covered the cantina, providing a meager amount of shade as respite from the dry heat of Jakku. “Who’s askin’?” Rey’d seen the (stolen) holos. Han Solo was recognizable anywhere, the galactically (in)famous smuggler. Sitting here, in Niima, right in front of her. Rey scooted forward a little, ignoring the sullen, smudgy boy who sat besides him, black hair and big ears, nose red with sunburn, grumping over a tin of what looked like blue milk (but you couldn’t ever be sure). “I’m Rey. Is it true you pilot the ship that did the Kessel Run in less than 14 parsecs? ” “Less than 12.” He grumbled. The boy next to him, perched on a repurposed water barrel, snorted. “He’s a lying old man.” “And I don’t pilot that ship anymore, kid.” He turned away from her to focus on his caf once more, a clear dismissal. “I was gonna ask if you had a job open. I’m pretty good with engines, you see. I strip parts off Star Destroyers, sometimes mess around with the junk they haul in that still have motivators. I even put together my own speeder; I know plenty.” “When I said I don’t pilot that ship anymore, I meant I don’t have it. The Millennium Falcon ain’t with me, so I ain’t got a job to offer, even if I would give it to you.” It struck her in that instant. The ship that Platt “junked”. The one she’d snuck into years younger, an ambitious attempt to act out some of the maneuvers she’d executed in the flight sim in a real ship. It didn’t fly, but she knew the control panel, knew how to work it and by the light of an emergency light she’d brought with her, she’d familiarized herself with every inch of the ship. Rey’d even managed to fix up some of the wiring and internal mechanisms, with the crude tools she’d fashioned herself and what little knowledge she had, much to her pride. “I’ve heard the rumors; the Falcon was a Corellian freighter, right? There’s one in Platt’s yard, he says it’s junk, won’t fly, but it matches what I’ve heard about the specs, for the most part. YT-1300 class, but with the rectangular sensor dish rather than the original circular model. I’m sure you could buy it off him and fix it up again? That is what you’re here to do, right?” Han Solo turned to her suddenly, jerking his head around, the intensity in his eyes so sudden it almost frightened Rey. The boy sighed, rubbing his temple as if come over suddenly with a headache. “What do you mean, there’s just a YT-1300 lying around somewhere on this planet of yours?” He demanded, the wrinkles embedded in his forehead becoming more pronounced. “Yes,” She slowly said. “I’ve poked around with it, but I don’t have parts or a good set of tools, so she’s still down.” Rey brightened. “I can take you there, if you’d like. Maybe not now, the sun’s a bit too high for traveling, but when it’s gone down a little further it won’t be so bad-” “Ben, get the kid a drink.” He stood up, brushing off the sand on his brown jacket in a grouchy manner. Without another word he turned and strode out of the cantina, headed in a beeline towards the stalls of the junk bosses. “A tip? Talk less.” The boy called Ben told her as he watched the man go with an unpleased look on his face. “Excuse me?” Ben pushed his untouched blue milk over to her, tactfully ignoring her question. “I’m entirely positive that you heard me, but next time, talk less. Say what you mean to say. Don’t waste people’s time by forcing them to listen to the rest of your babbling. The last bit of your little speech was window dressing, pointless and unnecessary.” Her mouth fell open as a hot, angry rush of blood colored her cheeks. Rey wanted to smack the smug, self-superior expression off of his face. She slid the drink back to him with more force than warranted, some of the liquid sloshing over and spilling onto his black shirt. Satisfaction set a thin smirk on her face at her victory as he hurried to wipe up the mess with his cloak, shooting her a murderous glare. “You juvenile, dirt covered, frankly disgusting scrap of a girl, do you know who I am?” He hissed at her, venom pouring through his words. Rey shrugged, unbothered. If he wanted to get riled up over a little bit of fun, that was his problem. She beamed at him, making sure to color her next words with overwhelming sweetness, if only to poke fun at this strange, uppity boy in all black. “Of course I don’t know who you are, I am just a juvenile, dirt covered, frankly disgusting scrap of a girl. Why would you assume I know anything? Clearly, you should be smart enough not to make any assumptions about something you consider lesser than the dirt on your perfectly polished boots.” He stood up suddenly, his black cloak swirling dramatically behind him, Ben’s mouth open, ready to snap back at her. The boy stepped closer to her, his large nose almost touching hers. Before he could get a chance to say whatever insulting, rude thing he was planning on, the sound of blaster fire echoed from the other side of the outpost. Rey grabbed hold of her staff, panic filling her brain. She made to run for her speeder, past experiences with anything involving blasters telling her to get out as soon as possible rather than die in the crossfire of some petty dispute. Before she could make a single move, two people tumbled through the wall coverings, rolling in sand and stopping at Rey’s feet. One of them, a young man in a tan jacket, pulled up the other, another young man, this one in strange, utilitarian black and white armor with his hair neatly sheared almost down to his scalp. “Dameron.” Ben stepped towards Tan Jacket, restraining what looked to Rey to be concern. “Hey Solo, don’t worry, your father’s coming right along.” Rey inched away slowly, quietly stepping over fallen furniture and random debris. Whatever this was, perhaps it was again better for her to get out of the way- “Girl! Ship, now!” Han Solo smacked right into her, knocking her down. He glanced at his son momentarily, before settling on Tan Jacket and his black and white accompaniment, turning away from her. She scrambled up in confusion, ducking neatly as a round of bolts nearly clipped off one of her hair knots. Whirling around, she spotted a figure moving past the cantina through one of the blaster singed holes in the curtains. A figure in the distinct black and white armor. Rey put it together. The shell shocked boy in that same armor. The blasters, the junk bosses and other scavengers running for their speeders and cover only to be mercilessly and efficiently decimated. The First Order, a menacing force she’d only heard whispers about as it extinguished entire towns on Jakku in one fell swoop for no apparent reason (and dressed solely in monochrome colors), was here. They had seen her conversing openly with a known criminal, thereby making her a criminal by association (whether or not she actually committed any criminal acts within her lifetime was an entirely different matter). Running out of time, running out of time, you are running out of time- The little voice that taught her how to rise up all those many years ago once again spoke, this time filling her with the urge to get off of Jakku as quickly as possible, to fly far, far away with these people she’d only just met but were at once her only hope, you are running out of time. Rey smacked Ben on the shoulder with her staff, catching his attention and stopping the bickering fight brewing between the four men (on the subject of their fourth man). “Run!” Rey turned, and sprinted for the junkyard where the quad jumper (and perhaps coincidentally, the freighter) was anchored, pumping sandy air through her lungs. The ship will provide enough cover. Make it to the ship, she thought. Something clipped the shell of her ear. Without another thought, Rey turned towards the assailant, another man in the same black and white armor, this one in a menacing helmet. Her elbow met the side of his helmet, and her staff caught him in the ribs. While he was down, Rey kicked his legs out from under him and sent him sprawling into the sand. Quick as lightning, she turned on her axis, reorienting herself. Once again, Rey started towards the quad jumper, now close enough to reach in a few seconds. It went up in a flurry of fire and smoke, vibrations in the ground strong enough to send her tumbling towards the ground. She shook it off, the energy vaulting through her spinal cord forcing her back up onto her feet. Changing directions without a single pause, Rey scrambled towards the old white ship, tossing a careless “This way!” over her shoulder. She didn’t bother to check if anyone was following. The hatch came down with a clang, rust and dust fogging around the entrance, and she scrambled in, adrenaline pumping through her veins. Sweat stuck tendrils of brown hair that had come loose from her buns to her forehead, and Rey panted, cycling filtered air through her tired lungs. “Get her started!” Someone called behind her. “Don’t get her started! There’s a problem with the hyperdrive motivator and the propulsion has a leak.” Han pushed her towards the panel behind which she knew lay the mechanics of the propulsion system. “You do propulsion, I’ll get hyperdrive operational.” Her boots pounded on the corrugated metal of the floor as she made for said panel. An hour later, they were safely ensconced in space, the Falcon, a piece of legend, happily humming towards- “Where are we headed?” “An old friend’s.” Rey aggravatedly tossed one of the tools she’d been using to bypass the compressor Platt had (stupidly) installed at one of the corrugated metal walls. Nobody would tell her anything. The adrenaline rush had faded, leaving behind a sense of dread and utter confusion as Rey realized she was on a ship headed somewhere she’d never even heard of with four other people she didn’t know and couldn’t trust. And most likely a target marked on her back, since someone had definitely seen her, the little scavenger nobody, commandeering a ship with one of the galaxy’s most famous smugglers and a man who clearly looked to be an ex-First Order trooper. Her little outpost floated through her thoughts,the rows of tally marks on the metal walls that once saddened her but now was somehow comforting. The little stubby green plants she’d traded a week’s worth of rations for tucked away in one of the many nooks of her room. The only familiar, safe space she’d had in all the years she could remember. “Tell me right now what’s happening. I deserve to know, you all would be dead back there without me. The First Order is coming after us, is coming after me, and I’d like to at least know the people I have to thank for that.” Rey smacked her hand down on command board, infuriated that no one would speak to her. “Don’t be such an asshat and ignore her, Ben. Since I don’t see anyone else volunteering to explain, I’ll do it.” The man with the curls flashes a brilliant grin. “Poe Dameron. I’m a pilot with the Galactic Resistance. This here is Han Solo, but from the looks of it, you already knew that, and the guy in all black is his son, Ben Solo, and I know you definitely knew that from the bickering I rudely interrupted.” He laid out in simple terms, Rey feeling herself warm up to him for his sunshine voice and his calm honesty. “Yes, I suppose that is was rather rude of you. Ben here was about to drop some wisdom that probably would’ve wrecked any argument I could’ve said back.” She teased. “I sincerely doubt that.” Ben muttered from his place slouched against the cockpit doorway. “To summarize, this is my new buddy, Finn. Finn here is running from the First Order just like the rest of us.” “I’ve never seen anyone wear that armor before until the battle.” “Yeah well, this one was going to be my first.” She looked over at him from where she’d crouched down to retrieve the wrench Rey had thrown earlier, nodding to acknowledge him. “He had me backed into a corner, but our man here has a good heart, and he’s a good shot. I’m taking him back to the General. There’s goodness in him, I’m telling you.” Poe explained, turning so he could direct his last words to Han. “We’re headed for Takodana, just shake off any TIE fighters on our tail. In a gesture of the gratitude of the Resistance, we’ll give you a ride to a place where you can easily obtain work. Deal?” “Just like that?” “Just like that. Easy.” “Not so easy, Dameron. We still don’t even know her. She could be an informant for the Order, a sleeper soldier, she’ll sell us out to anyone with enough money-” Solo sulked. “She- What’s your name?” Dameron(?), as she mentally referred to him, was looking at her now, arms half raised in a gesture to emphasize the point he was about to make to Mr. Tall, Dark, and Asshole. “My name is Rey.” “Right. Rey wouldn’t sell us out; infact, she had plenty of shots at doing so back on Jakku with all of those Stormtroopers running around!” His voice raised quickly until he was practically shouting at the other guy. “I could’ve been a spy too.” Finn helpfully pointed out. “Just shut up everyone.” Han grumbled, finally striding into the room holding two fresh cups of caf. Plopping one down in front of Rey, he stopped and checked the course plotted and the radar, pacing around the cockpit in order to make sure all systems were still running. Finally, the old man settled after brusquely brushing aside Finn (Rey could’ve sworn he’d jumped back as if shocked by electricity at the physical touch) to reach the pilot’s seat. “She’s staying. That’s final.” “But Father-” “Ben, I know what you’re trying to say, but let her be. Sure we don’t who she is or what she’s gonna do, but her wiring is damn fine. The kid is going with us.” He gestured towards the steaming mug he placed in front of her, surprise evident on her features. "That's the drink Ben owed you." "You heard about that?" Solo's voice went a pitch higher when embarrassed, Rey noted absentmindedly. It was rather endearing, in an annoying sort of way. "'Course I did. Next time, smile more. Might help you avoid almost get a drink poured on your head." "FATHER-" "I'm just teasing ya, son." His sunburned nose and cheeks went even redder. She snickered as silently as possible, restraining them behind one of her forearm wraps. Poe suddenly appeared in her field of sight, carrying his own caf. "Well, Rey, while the Solos duke it out in one of their always amusing verbal spats, may I sit with you?" She nodded towards the empty spot on the floor next to her, where she sat with her legs crossed. "Showtime is always funny. But don't tell Ben I said that; the last time he got mad at me I wasn't allowed to fly with BB-8 for 2 weeks." "BB-*?" "Yeah, well, I call him BB-8. He's a little droid, BB-8 unit, orange and white, hard to miss. Adorable as all heck. Real good in a fight too. He hitched a ride somehow to Takodana while out on a mission; we'll pick him up after we drop you off." Rey let a comfortable silence settle between them, before tentatively speaking again. "What if... I don't want to be dropped off?" Poe looked at her, surprised. Another brilliant smile lit on his face. "Thinking about joining the Resistance? Fighting off the evil and destruction of the First Order?" "I originally wanted a job on this ship" Rey paused to gesture towards the floor she rested upon. "But I don't think Han Solo will hire me. I've nowhere else to go; back to Jakku, and I'll be dead meat. So, maybe?" "Well, you're damn good with that staff of yours, and you seem to be pretty handy with mechanics. I'm sure we've got a place for you somewhere." Raised voices from the father and son pair caught their attention, jolting the two out of their conversation. "I told you, I just want to go back to training with Master Luke, training and waiting to finally defeat the Sith, not fighting these pointless battles of attrition in a ship against the massive armies of the First Order which outman us 10 to 1. You all can keep working on winning against that, I'll wait back and we'll see how it works out in the end." The boy tossed the insult at Poe, but Rey couldn't help herself from calling back, some part of her bristling that this pretty rich boy thought he could just afford to wait out the war that consumed even the most inconsequential outpost on the most inhospitable, inconsequential planet. "If you keep waiting, and you never stand up for anything, what are you going to fall for, Ben Solo?