Episode 1 - The First Curse Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Strong Intentions: The Bonus Version II A Drabble Trailer Parody Collection 1) Episode 1 – The First Curse Word Count: 420 The Narrator with the deep, loud and really epic voice began his mantra storytelling for the authoress’ series. Notice his deep, resolute voice. Epic! The Narrator just began straight away without the authoress’ bidding: “Long ago and far away. Eh? We’re talking about Star Wars, right? “There lived a town called Storybrooke, which is right in the heart of Maine, a short walk from the nearest diner. How convenient! From what we were told, Storybrooke is filled with every fairy tale and storybook character you’ve ever known. If only piñatas were more versatile. Do I hear the word ‘party’? Cue the Shire theme song…” Various moving images of Bilbo and Frodo’s birthday party play in front of the camera. The Narrator switched topics back to Storybrooke: “Moving on, and to our great disappointment, we have Storybrooke. It’s filled with all sorts of creatures that might want to eat you: werewolves, vampires, dragons, that imp from Starkiller Base, Jar Jar Binks, hobbits, dwarves, elves, that dude from ‘The Lord of the Rings’ (whatever!), a bunch of dead people who we don’t get to see until – oh wait, that’s spoilers WAY ahead of our current timeline. And did we mention there are angry dwarves in this town. Let’s take stock at how manly these dwarves are. “Oh yeah. There’s an evil mayor who is punishing these people, all because she snatched a ten-year-old boy from his biological mother, who returns to Storybrooke to stop the evil mayor. But let’s not forget the one person we can all rely on. He’s been there from the beginning and runs the whole place. Meet Rumplestiltskin. He’s Mr. Gold in Storybrooke, but has quite a lot of money and all the orange juice trees stocked in his little apartment – we mean his house. Again, there’s that dude from ‘The Lord of the Rings’, who keeps running through our freeze frames. Who is this guy? Why does he look so much like Frodo Baggins? It could be an imposter. “This fanfiction story stars Red Leather Swan, Hairy Feet Baggins, It’s Snowing Snowing Everywhere!, Flynn Rider, Dwarves are Cool!, That Elf You Know from ‘The Lord of the Rings’, The Other Greedy Elf Who We Can’t Figure Out His Name and His Faithful Sidekick, That Hobbit Dude You Will Meet Later (Trust Us! We know the Script!), Frodo’s Faithful Sidekicks and that Mysterious Guy Who We Will Not Name Names.” Strong Intentions: The First Episode – The Curse Aliases That Serve Little Reference to Parts 2, 3 and 4 Notes: How was that? And I’m sorry Regina lovers. I like Regina after the first season of “Once Upon a Time”, but here I had to represent her as the villainous here, because we’re in Season 1 for this drabble. As for the starring part, that’s paying homage to Screen Junkies’ Honest Trailers, which I will do throughout, just have my own variation of nicknames for all the canon characters and maybe my own original characters. Thanks for reading. :) Chapter 2 : Episode 2 - Broken 2) Episode 2 – Broken Word Count: 408 The Narrator, in his loud, booming, epic voice spoke to the audience once again by means of a camera. Scenes played before the camera as well. But the Narrator didn’t mind. He was too busy in his work to notice a single thing. “Okay, so Storybrooke’s curse is broken by a blonde haired kickass woman who’s just learned she’s the daughter of Snow White and Prince Charming. And that was just the first season. “As far as we know, Frodo Baggins and the Fellowship of the Ring have come to Storybrooke. Not their fault of course, since Regina the Evil Queen is responsible for banishing them and everyone in Middle-earth to Maine. Ouch. And I thought Frodo had enough problems. “Wrong! Because Frodo and the poor hobbits commit the most heinous crime to Frodo and Merry’s cousin Pippin, by sending him over the town line, where he loses his memories again. Wait! Was it just Pippin who lost his memories? I thought it was the seven dwarves from Snow White and the Seven Dwarves. What a title! “So basically, Pippin spends the whole of this episode and story with false memories, who doesn’t remember his best friends are hobbits and has to redo his life all over again. Poor hobbits. They ought to be ashamed of themselves. “Well, it looks like Frodo’s ashamed, especially with Sauron’s return, sending him spiraling into a web of lies all for the sake of his sword Sting and finding out his uncle Bilbo’s in Storybrooke, too. I call that devotion. “But seriously, bringing Pippin’s memories back on the day you die was a smooth move, Frodo. Thanks a lot! Maybe we should hire Frodo Baggins to be the last second hobbit.” The Narrator added as a bonus, in an even more epic voice, “Who knew that three storylines, all told in the present day, would be as amazing as pretzel sticks, which are amazing covered in chocolate!” He gave one final note of appreciation, or so we hope he did, “It’s so sad that Cora and Hook have to rely on Sauron to do their every bidding. Good work guys! Now where’s my motorcycle?! “This fanfiction story stars Flynn Rider, That Happy Dwarf Number Seven, Flynn Rider, Cheeky Hobbit Number 2, Cheeky Hobbit Number 3, Serious Hobbits 1 and 2, Flynn Rider, A Dashing Captain and His Girlfriend, Flynn Rider and More Flynn Rider!” Strong Intentions: The First Sequel – Pippin’s Amnesia Crisis Chapter 3 : Episode 3 - Setting Sail Notes: I apologize to those who are Frodo fans. I am a Frodo fan, too, but there are days when you’ve got to tease the characters; otherwise, they’ll go flat and be uninteresting. Well, we wouldn’t want that! And even though I love Season 3 of “Once Upon a Time”, I had no idea how cliché this third part of my fanfiction series Strong Intentions is. Still, it’s one of the best fanfics in the series and I had fun with this drabble and writing the main third part in my Strong Intentions series. :) Warning: this drabble, like all the other drabbles in this collection, contains heavy spoilage. If you don’t want to be spoiled, then go ahead and read Strong Intentions: Episode 3 – Setting Sail . Those who have read it, enjoy. :) No, really? Enjoy. :D (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) 3) Episode 3 – Setting Sail Word Count: 300 The Narrator began a third time, but no explanation was needed now for his deep epic voice: “Wait! We’re only on the third part. How many parts are there in this series? Strong Intentions is now taking you to Isengard – I mean to Neverland, Oz and that little time travel jump that only served its purpose of bringing Elsa into the next sequel. Oi! What does this authoress do for a living? “Part 3. A journey that stars Frodo Baggins: a hobbit battling his demons, only to end up as Peter Pan’s slave, Sauron’s slave, and then Zelena, the Wicked Witch of the West’s, slave? Eh, do you see a repetition here? Part 3, in which the pointy eared elf Legolas gets captured by Orcs, the Fellowship saves him, followed by Legolas and half the Fellowship are either transformed into monkeys or captured by the Wicked Witch Zelena, and then saved by Regina, who frees Frodo and the Fellowship, while Zelena is also captured. Enough already! “Part 3: a story so epic it was divided into three parts, with three story covers that will BLOW YOUR MIND! Eh, my mind’s already blown by the clichés. “This fanfiction story stars the Pointy Eared Elf; Hobbits are Awesome!; Frodo Fights Back Sequel; Zelena the Imposter and Regina the Hero; an Angry Army of Dwarves (Seriously, these Guys are Cool!); the Second Curse; Clichés Clichés Clichés!; Elsa: A Frozen Introduction; Time Travel; the Neverland, Oz, Middle-earth and Enchanted Forest Tourist Extravaganza Ride; and Samwise Gamgee, because he’s so awesome that he took over Frodo’s last spot on this list that Sam fans will adore him more than all the hobbits we know and love! (Just kidding, but seriously Sam’s a cool hobbit dude.)” Strong Intentions: The Second Sequel – The Captured Cliché Fanfiction Edition Notes: Forgive me for the really long run on at the end, but it was done on purpose. Really, I respect Samwise Gamgee, but it’s just funny and all. I do love all the hobbits, and yes Frodo is at the top of my favorites’ list. Boy, now I sound like the Narrator with the Epic Voice. Anyway, thanks for reading. :) Chapter 4 : Episode 4 - The Snow Queen Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 4) Episode 4 – The Snow Queen Word Count: 365 The Narrator spoke in his deep, epic voice: “Oh man. Are we only on the fourth one? I thought we were done with part three? “Strong Intentions: Part 4. It’s a tale about a boy – oh wait, he’s a hobbit boy. Our bad! – who goes to Arendelle to find out about his parents’ fate, and how they basically had the same beginning plot as the witch next door said to the baker and his wife in ‘Into the Woods’. Really? I thought we were done with cliché plots. This boy is a hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who meets Elsa and Anna, before they were Elsa and Anna who broke the frozen curse to save their town – ehhhh… we won’t tell you how that went. “Prepare for a wild ride in Storybrooke, which becomes Frozen as does Middle-earth, which doesn’t do much for the plot or its character development. Seriously? When did Saradoc and Esmerald Brandybuck get involved in Frodo’s past? They hold no essential reason besides punishing Frodo, or not punishing him. We forget which it was. “If you thought it was misleading with Frodo hitting it off with Elsa, only to end up with their relationship becoming a friendship, before we head into the second half of this story, then you haven’t seen nothing yet. For our hero Frodo Baggins becomes even more depressing when Merry Brandybuck, his own cousin, informs him about a secret that he kept and threatens Cruella De Vil, so she could threaten him before her death, so that Merry could tell Frodo that he has a dark past. And that’s how families stay close? This is just as bad as Emma learning the truth from her parents, Snow White and Prince Charming, that she has the potential for darkness. Seriously, it’s a rehashing of the same plot. “This fanfiction story stars Mopey Frodo; Mopey Brooding Emma; Misleading Merry; Pippin and Sam, where are you? Save this plot!; Merry Becoming the Next Author (that’s already canon!); the Queens of Darkness; Alternate Reality; Angry Dwarves (Yes! They’re finally in this story!!); Really Annoying Authors; Really Cliché Heroes and Villains; and Granny’s Diner.” Strong Intentions: The Third Sequel – A Misleading Romance Fanfic Notes: I figured the Frodo/Elsa friendship would come up, because I know there were fans who still think Frodo and Elsa are a couple. I think this way, too, because there is a spark between them, which is why I left it open in the actual story that Frodo and Elsa may reunite. We’ll see as the main parts in the series move along. Thanks for reading. :) Chapter 5 : Strong Intentions in Luster Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 5) Strong Intentions in Luster Word Count: 212 Once again, the Narrator spoke into a microphone, using his epic voice, as clips played on screen: “Eh. And I thought the main series had clichés, but this spin-off… “Strong Intentions in Luster. A spin-off with a main character who ends up in the supporting role again and can only say these words: “Let’s go! Let’s go. Let’s get moving. Let’s go! Let’s go!” Fatty Bolger continued saying this mantra in different ways. The Narrator continued to tell the audience, in his deep, epic voice, “Oh, come on! We get it already! A spin-off story where the villains kill each other using portraits, villains getting killed by heroes and ending up in the Underworld, villains trading with villains for the Underworld… all right! This is so cliché, just like the third main part to Strong Intentions had been. Seriously? Enough with these repetition clichés. “I mean, when the supporting characters have a bigger backstory than the main lead says something, even though the main lead protagonist has a… calming backstory? I mean, didn’t he overreact to what Lightfoot said? That unicorn really needs to learn manners. “This fanfiction story stars Word Usage Errors, Repetition, Clichés, ‘Let’s Go, Let’s Go, Let’s Go’ and Kovu Bad Boy-Turned-Hero Lion.” Strong Intentions Spin-Off: It’s Repetition Time! Notes: Okay, so this drabble series won’t be updated until Strong Intentions: Episode 5 – The Dark Ones is finished. Thanks for reading. :) Chapter 6 : Episode 5 - The Dark Ones Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 6) Episode 5 – The Dark Ones Word Count: 342 The Narrator began the tale in his epic voice: “It appears were back to the main parts of this series. Wait. Did the authoress seriously count the first spin-off story as a main part? What makes these bonus features just… oh. Let’s just begin. “Strong Intentions Part 5, the only part where the 100 th chapter is reached, which seriously could have avoided the spin-off.” The Narrator listens to the voice director. “You serious. They’re all in the main parts. Well, if they need the spin-off as part of the story. Oh, they do? Then let’s continue this brigade.” The Narrator started up again with the trailer. “Strong Intentions Part 5, which represents some really fine details and emotional peaks. Frodo Baggins is now a Dark Lord. Yes, we do mean he’s a dark lord. It’s a bit complicated to explain.” He continues his speech, “Frodo Baggins, now a dark lord, must battle his inner darkness, while facing off his demons and the One Ring itself. Let’s face it, because later on something cool happens between Frodo and his darker self. “Journey with Frodo as he helps prevent his uncle from seeping himself into the darkness, only to become a Dark Lord himself. Journey even further when Frodo has to go to the Underworld to rescue his uncle, only to end up with an over usage of names by the second half of the story. But you’ve got to admit, the finale chapters for this story are pretty cool and twist worthy. And a story that has multiple endings by its last chapter, because there wasn’t room for it in the teaser for the next story. Hey, we got to admit that last bit at the end was pretty… oh, come on. This series is jam packed as it is. “This fanfiction story stars Dark Lord Frodo, the Dark Swan, Dark Lord Bilbo, Villains Changing into Heroes So They Can Move On Theme, Merry Author, Word Usages, Amazing Details, Sauron and Rumplestilskin, and the One Ring of Power. “Strong Intentions: Part 5 – The Revenge of Darkness.” Notes: Okay. So I guess we get to wait until Season 6 for “Once Upon a Time” before this story continues. Thanks for reading. :) Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 9 of the Strong Intentions series Next Work →