Phasma eats breakfast and bothers Hux with animal facts ‘Did you know,’ Phasma said, ‘that neekoflights perform elaborate dances to attract the attention of a potential mate?’ The hairs on the back of Hux’s neck rose. Phasma never opened a conversation with animal trivia unless she was about to tie it in with a life lesson. He used to encourage her Interesting Animal Facts. Though he would never say so outright, Hux felt it was important to support the small idiosyncrasies of his colleagues. Austere adherence to a code of dress and behaviour was necessary, yes, but Hux wasn’t naive. It was the small things, like expressing a passing interest in wildlife, which prevented people from losing their minds on such a rigorously strict military base. That aside, he valued Phasma’s counsel. She had proved to be a tactically sound and eminently practical source of advice. Otherwise she wouldn’t have made Captain. Recently, however, her input had been getting on Hux’s nerves. She compared him to an urusai (“All I’m saying is, when an urusai gorges themselves on carrion, they become too heavy to fly. That makes them vulnerable to attack from predators.”). Before that, she used tusk-cats as an unsettling allegory to explain the desertion of FN-2187 (“They are strong and intelligent and easily trained to a task, but in the end, any tusk-cat can be lured away with an enticing slab of meat.” “Are you calling the escaped resistance pilot an “enticing slab of meat”?”). Hux was tempted to ban all discussion of any animal that wasn’t on the plate in front of him. To compound it all, they had yet to find the droid or its companions, and was getting the strong impression that Snoke would not tolerate another failure. That may have been a bearable shiver up his spine, if not for Snoke’s apprentice lurking angrily about the ship, destroying hardware and generally picking at Hux’s frayed nerves. Phasma, unaware of Hux’s discomfort or more likely ignoring it, began to cut her nutrient square into precisely-measured squares. ‘They hang upside down from their perches, swinging back and forth and displaying their colourful crests while they sing. They beep, loudly and at length. They look and sound absurd but I suppose it must work for the females. They’re a very common species in Neimoidian rainforests.’ ‘Fascinating,’ Hux said in the flattest tone he could manage. ‘It really is remarkable, the ridiculous lengths people will go to in order to attract the attention of a paramour.’ Ah. There it was. ‘Don’t you mean neekoflights?’ ‘Pardon, General?’ ‘You said “people”. Don’t you mean, the lengths of ridiculousness neekoflights will go to?’ Phasma allowed the smallest, more barely-there of smiles. On her face it looked like a shit-eating grin. ‘That is what I said, General.’ Hux allowed the silence to continue, broken only by the quiet squish of smug chewing, until Phasma swallowed and continued to calmly spear the neatly-cut squares on her plate and he couldn’t handle it any more. ‘Who exactly is the neekoflight in this scenario?’ ‘I’m not sure what you mean.’ ‘Don’t bother, Phasma. It is unbecoming of a captain of the First Order to play mind games with their superior officers.’ ‘Of course I agree, General. I only meant to share with you an interesting fact I learned about the native fauna of Neimoidia during some late-night reading.’ Hux stared, silent and unmoving, directly at Phasma’s forehead as if he could burn a hole through it. She sighed and put down her eating utensil. Her tone changed to tiredness, as if Hux was the one badgering her and not the other way around. ‘Surely, you cannot be the only person on this deck not to notice? I would have thought you of all people would have seen it.’ ‘Seen what? And who?’ Surprise and a slight, irritating edge of disappointment crossed Phasma’s face. He wondered if she pulled faces at him when she was wearing her mask. Probably. ‘ Kylo Ren ,’ she said, just slowly enough that Hux knew she would have dragged out every syllable if she thought she could get away with the smarm. ‘Kylo Ren is a Nemoidian neekoflight?’ Hux asked. ‘He’s ridiculous, at least. It’s something of a relief to know you simply hadn’t noticed.’ ‘Of course I’ve noticed that he’s ridiculous,’ Hux said, stuffing his face with the nearest thing on his plate before he could sound any more petulant. Phasma raised her eyebrows. ‘We thought you were ignoring him. Perhaps you should. Any direct response other than acceptance will warrant another raid of the damages account,’ Phasma said, arranging the squares on her plate into a little mountain. Hux slowed his chewing to give himself a little more time to respond. From what she was saying, it seemed as if Phasma was under the impression that Hux himself was Kylo Ren’s “potential mate”, and that whatever specific ridiculousness Ren was displaying was meant to elicit a positive response from him. He swallowed, put down his utensil, and steepled his fingers in front of his face to conceal his grimace. ‘Who is “we”, exactly?’ he asked. ‘General?’ ‘I want to know who I need to court-martial.’ Phasma, unfazed by his bluff, speared the mountain on her plate. Hux wished she’d make up her mind about how to eat her breakfast. Or maybe go back to planning battle strategies with her potatoes and beans. At least it was interesting to watch when she did that. ‘Honestly, I think the list of people who don’t think Kylo Ren fancies you is shorter than the list of people who know that he does. You mustn’t think that his attention reflects poorly on you, General. You could see it as a badge of honour. Out of every crewmember on board Starkiller, he hates them all except for you.’ ‘If I’m to believe this drivel, then it is most certainly not a badge of honour. An inconvenience, at most, and that’s more acknowledgement than his attentions would deserve.’ ‘It does not need to be and inconvenience,’ Phasma said. She had almost finished her breakfast. Hux looked down at his half-forgotten meal and tried to parse what she was saying. ‘In fact, if you so chose, General, I’m certain you could use this to your advantage.’ Before Hux could think of a socially acceptable yet effectively violent enough way to disagree, Phasma stood, tucked her helmet under one arm, and disposed of her empty plate at the chute. Considering her thinly veiled suggestion was foolish. Moreover, it required him to believe that what she was saying was true. That Kylo Ren had been expressing some … fondness for him, and so openly that most of the command crew had noticed, with the exclusion of himself. Considering her suggestion meant accepting at face value that he was the focus of Kylo Ren’s affection, that that masked and unstable stranger had affections. Considering her suggestion was impossible. He didn’t even know what Kylo Ren looked like. For all he knew, the Force had twisted Ren into something hideous and scarred, like the most infamous of the Sith he had learned about in his youth. Not that his looks mattered, because Hux wasn’t even considering what Phasma was suggesting. Using Kylo Ren’s supposed “attentions” to his advantage. Pah. Phasma had never led him astray before, that was true. But this was … well. It was ridiculous. Chapter 2 : Finn has feelings. On the opposite end of the galaxy, so does Hux. Summary: Eat a bag of dicks, Hux. He did not realize it until he began getting ready to leave, but Takodana was maybe the first peaceful moment Finn had experienced since first breaking Poe out of captivity. It was the first time, ignoring the immediate aftermath of the crash on Jakku, that he really had time to process anything, and it hit him just as he went to pick up a box of spare parts for the pair who were set to take him off-planet and far, far away from the First Order. He was frozen for a moment, with the image of Poe’s face in his mind, smiling, a streak of blood at his temple, but smiling. Hopeful. He was struck so hard by it that he had to lock his elbows to prevent himself from collapsing over the box. This was ridiculous. He barely knew the guy. One of the, the co-pilot maybe, clapped Finn on the shoulder. They’d be heading out before the day was over. He had to get moving. Finn looked over his shoulder. He couldn’t see Rey. He couldn’t see BB-8, or Han, or even the towering carpet they’d called Chewie. Maybe that was for the best. If he had to see the people he was leaving behind it would only make things harder. He’d make new friends, on whatever backwater planet he could find to banish himself to. He’d meet new people. And before long, Rey would be little more than a faint memory. Before long, he’d forget the details of Poe’s face and the sound of his voice, unbroken somehow even after torture at the hands of the man whose tyranny came so close to turning Finn into a murderer. Before long. Maybe if he told himself firmly enough, he might start to believe it. X The walls were designed to block out all external sound, save that which came through the commlink at Hux’s desk. His private quarters. Communications had to be approved before they could be sent to him here. Only three voices had ever been heard in this room. Captain Phasma summoned him through the commlink only when his personal command was required. The Supreme Leader summoned him when there were orders to be handed down. Hux was not sure entirely how. He had never heard the Supreme Leader’s voice outside their meeting chamber, yet he could hear it in his private quarters, perhaps over the comm, perhaps in the front of his mind. It had only happened once, but for its unusualness, it was a distinct memory. The only other voice had been Kylo Ren’s, and only briefly. Once again, Hux was not sure how, but he suspected it must be a Force thing. The thing that was bothering him was that, while he could remember the voice, and the presence of it in his quarters, he could not remember the when , let alone the how. Following Phasma’s little tidbit about neekoflights, Hux had found his mind wandering more and more often to his wretched colleague. For the first time, he began to give serious thought to that mask. He had never done more than idly suspect, but now he was actively wondering. What breed of creature was Kylo Ren? Which race was he? He spoke Basic, or at the very least had a language chip embedded in that infernal mask, and he was more or less humanoid. Perhaps he was human after all. Maybe that was why he wore the mask, Hux mused. Perhaps he did not need it to hide away a deformity, and instead wore it to make himself intimidating. The thought made Hux feel smug, and then wary. He could not afford to underestimate a foe masquerading as an ally. Kylo Ren would use his not inconsiderable powers to strike Hux down the moment he could do so without impunity, no matter was Phasma and his errant command crew thought. Perhaps he was giving them too much freedom, being too easy on them. In the end, Hux was only distracting himself. With irritation toward his command crew, and with irrelevant thoughts on Kylo Ren and his mysterious faceless nature. There was something much larger that he had to address. ‘Captain Phasma to General Hux,’ the commlink buzzed. Hux stood and inspected himself in the reflective metal surface behind his desk. Cap straight. Shirt tucked in. Jacket fastened neatly, symmetrically. His face looked almost white in the slightly fuzzy reflection. He could be a ghost. He could be a droid. ‘Captain,’ Hux said into the receiver. ‘They are prepared, sir. All available troopers and all troop leaders save myself are ready.’ ‘Very good. I will be there shortly.’ There was a brief moment of silence. ‘You are not on deck, sir?’ ‘I will be there shortly, Captain,’ Hux snapped. He straightened his already-straight uniform, dithering only a moment more before turning to the door, exiting his quarters and marching down the hallway. It was not her place to comment. His presence was not required throughout the charging of the weapon. If the functionality of Starkiller hinged on his being physically present at the helm at all times, then Starkiller would be a shoddy weapon. He carefully ignored the small voice that told him that he should have been present. This was Starkiller’s inaugural application as a weapon. He should be overwhelmed with his victory. He should be excited, thrilled. The First Order would prevail, all thanks to Starkiller, all thanks to the years and years of work, of planning and funds and setbacks and minor intrigues, of hard work and blood and sweat and other people’s tears that Hux had put into making Starkiller the majestic work of art and conquest that it was. He should feel happy. He should feel powerful. He should feel something. He stepped out onto the platform and a thousand white armoured arms raised in salute. A hum of light on the horizon. His glorious planet of annihilation. He poured it all into the speech. Every ounce of passion, of hatred, of pride, that he could not muster to feel. He had given speeches before. He had performed. He had inspired fear in others. This he knew how to do. It had never occurred to him before, at least it had never occurred as being important, that he should also know how to feel. A streak of bright death erupted from the distance and exploded beyond the artificial atmosphere into space, in the carefully calculated direction of the unlucky Republic planets that had been his enemies since before he was born. The word unstoppable was the first to come to mind. It cannot be stopped. Not now . He watched the light, felt his eyes water at the brightness. He had thought that watching this would compare to how Kylo Ren felt when he used the Force. Something immense, brought to heel and utilized by a man mighty enough to wield it. But this was not something that could be controlled. Hux reeled in his thoughts. Down that path lay doubt and weakness. He could not afford it. Brendol Hux’s son could bear no weakness. General Hux was a pillar, the architect of the First Order’s greatest weapon. He could not afford … It was unstoppable. And he would either control it, or be crushed in its path. Chapter 3 : Mentions of politics, jackets, and people being happy to see each other Summary: Finn feelings. He should not have let her out of his sight. If they had stuck together, there was no guarantee he would have been able to protect her. He could use the lightsaber without cutting off his own foot, he could aim and shoot well enough, but he had only ever been adequate in training and never really surpassed that point. Up against Kylo Ren, he wouldn’t have stood more of a chance than she did. Still. He shouldn’t have let her out of his sight. He shouldn’t have tried to leave in the first place. He should have stayed. He could have been there, at least. It was still too much, too big, all of it, for him. All his life he had been a tiny cog in a huge machine. That huge machine had just blown up several planets. And he was still just a tiny cog. But maybe, just maybe he could find a way to be of some use in this new machine. Agents of the resistance were all around. He had never seen so many in the one place. He had been told, growing up, about how the Resistance was chaotic and disordered and full of reprobates and bounty hunters, inspired by a figurehead princess and run by a band of degenerates. He had known deep down that it was propaganda, but any doubt leftover from his servitude to the First Order was eroded swiftly by his increasing admiration, even in this moment, for the people milling around him. There were agents searching the wreckage for anyone unaccounted-for, others providing medical aid to the injured. And further up ahead, there were the X-wings where they had landed in formation, the pilots climbing out and removing their helmets. BB-8 shot past like a small circular rocket and raced up the path, leaning forward in its haste. Finn stared ahead at the man in front of whom BB-8 rolled to a stop. For a second or two, it didn’t quite register. There was no way that could be him. Even when the man turned to look his way, Finn couldn’t quite believe it. He had watched the X-wing manoeuver through the sky, swooping between TIE fighters and blaster shots. He had been incredibly impressed. That X-wing, in the middle of a battle, had buoyed Finn’s spirits and made him feel like maybe things would start to turn around, just maybe, with fliers like that on the right side. And here he was. He couldn’t be. But here he was. And Poe had looked his way after a bleep from BB-8, and he looked just as surprised and (Finn’s heart skipped a beat or three) just as thrilled as Finn felt. His legs began to move and he kept his eyes trained squarely on Poe’s face as he broke into a sluggish run. He couldn’t reach the man fast enough. They didn’t even slow down when they neared each other, wrapped their arms tightly around each other the moment they collided, every wave of grief and regret and fear Finn had been unable to compartmentalise exploding, just for a moment, into the excited embrace. They rambled their surprise at each other until Poe glanced down, distracted in mid-sentence. ‘….. Hey that’s my jacket,’ he said, his attention now pinned on the item of clothing Finn hadn’t taken off since he first pulled it on. Finn felt his cheeks warm up. He was pretty sure there was still a little sand in the pockets. He started to mumble an apology as he shrugged his arms out of the sleeves, but Poe’s hands flew up to the collar and pulled it back onto Finn’s shoulders. ‘No, no. Keep it. It suits you.’ There was the briefest pause as they watched each other. It felt like a moment of intimacy, even with so many other bodies around and BB-8 gently nudging their legs. No trooper owned much beyond their own uniform and sleeping clothes. The blasters registered to them, the food they ate, the soap and towels they used, everything they had, everything Finn had grown up with, he had been given by the First Order. People didn’t share clothes. This was clearly a jacket Poe liked. It had memories. And he was giving it to Finn. Finn knew distinctly that whether it suited him or not had nothing to do with it. ‘You’re a good man, Finn,’ Poe said with a gentle bite of his lip, taking Finn’s arm in one hand. It was briefly overwhelming and Finn wasn’t sure what he was meant to say. Then immediately, he did. The Resistance was capable. It wasn’t chaotic. The princess … the General wasn’t merely a figurehead. With them, he might just have a chance. She might just have a chance, if he could get their help. Chapter 4 : Hux sits by Kylo Ren's bedside and thinks about stuff Summary: Kylo Ren’s lightsaber is actually faulty, turns out. It’s not just a well-spread headcanon as I previously thought. Apparently he based the design off an obsolete type of lightsaber so it was destined never to work properly. What a dingbat. Captain Phasma had not only accused her troopers of being tusk-cats. Kylo Ren was also, according to her, just like a tusk-cat. As well as a neekoflight. At this rate, Hux thought, he may as well be the entire zoo. If Ren was like a cat, Hux mused, it was only in his ability to cross the line between the sublime and the ludicrous, blurring that line with his feet as he travelled. He was gracefully graceless, magnificently powerful and overwhelmingly childish. Hux was reminded of a tusk-cat he had seen in captivity once in his childhood, well before he was old enough to begin training at the Academy. It had seemed so regal, so gently dangerous with its huge teeth and sharp eyes, prowling around the cage, shoulders rolling beneath its tight skin and silver-grey fur. Then, abruptly, it had flopped onto its side and started batting at flowers. Kylo Ren had the means and the position to oust Hux with ease. He only doubted the intelligence and drive to do it. If Hux were any crueller, he would put Ren to use as a weapon. He knew he could manipulate the man. Kylo Ren was, maybe not a neekoflight, but definitely a tusk-cat. A preening, proud, strong, instinct-led, stupid tusk-cat, and Hux was the slab of meat that had distracted him from his dedication to his dark and winding path, subsequently leaving an opening in his defences big enough for a less-than-novice Force-sensitive scavenger to wriggle through. And then, like a hissing, spitting tusk-kitten, Kylo Ren had chased that rat of a scavenger off into the snow with a hole in his side and his stupid faulty lightsaber, gotten himself beaten up, and lay face-down in the snow sulking until Hux took a search and rescue party and dragged his sorry behind back to the Finalizer where he proceeded to Force-crush six medical droids before finally succumbing to a dose of sedative painkillers. And if Kylo Ren wasn’t still unconscious and if there was anyone other than the surviving medical droid in the room, Hux probably wouldn’t even be there. Or, at least, he wouldn’t have stayed. For forty-eight hours. He just needed to know if the man – because that was what he was, a man - was alive. He was barely a colleague. Certainly not a friend. But it was getting harder to think of him so lightly. He looked more human than Hux had expected. Even the deep red slash across his face, cleaned and stitched at the temple where it was a little too deep, did not marr the softness of his lips and long eyelashes. His ears, when they were not hidden by his hair, stuck out slightly and gave him a mild, temperate kind of appearance. He looked too young for his voice. Hux needed to get Kylo Ren to Snoke. His “training” needed to be completed. Hux had been fantasizing about the day he could shuffle the Sith-in-progress off his ship and back into the Supreme Leader’s hands, but now that the moment had arrived, he was apprehensive. He had never given a great deal of thought to what kind of training Kylo Ren was actually undertaking, only observed that it wasn’t being very well applied. And that was only another part of the problem; he was perfectly conscious of the fact that Kylo Ren was a brat, too aware of his own strength and not yet enough aware of the tenuousness of existence and power, of the need for perspective, caution, discipline. He was a mess. So why was Hux so apprehensive about handing him back over to Snoke? The brat could use some more training. It wasn’t that Hux wanted to protect him. Such simple, naïve, emotional impulses were a sure road off the path to success. But maybe, just maybe , Kylo Ren was an asset of a kind. And Hux did not neglect his assets. After all, a great deal of time and trouble and money (he sighed, thinking of how many times he’d had to raise the ceiling on the damages budget) had been invested in the bastard. It made sense to place some concern on his longevity and stability. As an asset. Thinking of things in such terms made it a lot easier for Hux to sit by Ren’s bedside for so long, only leaving to grab a quick meal and nap on a cot placed in the corner by some conscientious trooper. Probably on Phasma’s orders. Dammit, she was going to be smug. Hux took a bite of the crisp and bready thing he had picked up on his way through the nearest food storage. He normally didn’t eat them. They were rationed out for long flights and missions, and reminded him of the rubbish he was forced to eat for weeks on end during his own training. In the face of the past few days, the taste barely registered. In the face of his apprehension over Kylo Ren, and his disappointment in the destruction of his Starkiller, taste was superficial. He was more struck, he thought, by the waste . So much had been devoted to and dependent on Starkiller’s success. He wanted to feel thwarted and angry that they had not even managed to fire upon D’Qar before losing what was meant to be the First Order’s grandest weapon. They had been so close. Mere seconds away. He wanted to feel angry that he hadn’t even managed to fire the infernal machine more than once before it was destroyed by some pot shots and the sheer dumb luck of the Resistance. But, once again, he could not muster the anger. He only registered, largely on an intellectual level, the magnitude of the waste. Because, he told himself, that was what the First Order would see it as. His grandest project, and his only major project to date, and look what had become of it. The return was not equal to the investment. But that was not true. The Hosnian system, and with it the largest chunk of the Republic, had been blasted into nothingness in a matter of minutes. That would not have been possible without his magnificent machine. Hux pinpointed that moment once again in his memory. Where was the pride? His father would have been proud. It had been a proud moment. Hux knew this, intellectually. But his pride had retired to the same mysterious unknown destination as his anger. Hux thought about the destroyed Starkiller, and about his anger and his pride, and tried very, very hard not to think of the relief that had taken its place. He did not notice the movement of Kylo Ren’s eyes beneath his eyelids, or of the soft tendrils of stealthy consciousness skimming across the surface of his thoughts. Chapter 5 : Poe is a hot mess and his bae won't wake up so errybody gets to hear about it Summary: Someone made an interesting post about how the fandom is treating Poe like he’s got this great wealth of sexual experience (possibly to juxtapose Finn’s perceived Completely Ignorance of All Things Sex) and about how this is problematic because of the whole Latino-fetishizing Hot Latin Lover thing. Like, canon movie Poe is a skilled pilot, a bit dorky, and loves his droid, and that’s all we know about him. We don’t see him flirt with anyone, and he never mentions past girlfriends or boyfriends. So, with that in mind, I’m writing Poe as less of a Sexy Latino Guy, and more of a regular guy who hasn’t had a lot of chances to develop long-term romantic relationships with anybody yet, instead of being Finn’s sex instructor. For the record, this isn’t me taking a dig at people who write Stormpilot with that kind of dynamic. This is just me trying to write something different. ALSO I was browsing Wookiepedia and did anybody know that Snap has a woc lesbian aunt called Shirene and that she and her wife Esmelle babysat him for years while his mother was off being a Resistance pilot and having adventures? Like, his family is full of badass women?? Yes??? She has sailed off into the horizon in her legendary ship to find the legendary man who, they hoped, would turn the tide, and the General had put a temporary stall on recon and aggressive missions in the wake of the past disastrous few days. Most ships sent out had been messengers or simple pickups. Poe had been assigned no missions, either out of pity or out of deference to his recent “above and beyond contributions” to the cause. He supposed that was polite speak for getting tortured, almost blown up, and patience. Finn had not woken up. It wasn’t that Poe wasn’t grateful for every sleeping breath Finn took. The man had taken a lightsaber to the back and lain in the snow for half an hour, protected from the weather only by a flimsy leather jacket (Poe had attempted mending it himself, though he had never mended clothing before and almost ruined the garment for good until Rey, before leaving, fortunately noticed and took the task on herself. She had been raised on Jakku, he remembered. Scavengers knew that everything was salvageable if you handled it properly). Finn had been so close to death when they landed, Poe flattered himself that his plaintive, pathetic hovering and fretting played a role in the doctor and assisting medical droids continuing to use valuable resources on a man that none of them expected to last the night. Finn’s face had been such an ashy grey that when they carefully rolled him over after working on his back for half the evening, Poe had to bite back a sob, he looked as if he were already gone. But Finn did survive the night, and every night and day since, and his skin gradually returned to its normal warm brown. He almost looked healthy, aside from the unnatural stillness. Poe could not think of a moment in which Finn had been still while awake. He was so animate, even when standing still, his mind seemed to be moving behind his expression, or his eyes, or his mouth. Poe supposed that stormtroopers weren’t encouraged to be idle. But Finn wasn’t a stormtrooper anymore, and in the absence of anything else to do, Poe set about making sure that everybody else knew it. Enough side-eyes had been cast Finn’s way to make Poe wary. ‘He’ll be useful when he wakes up,’ Snap had commented in an entirely off-hand way, which somehow made it worse. ‘He probably knows how to shoot pretty well. I wonder if it’s true that the First Order uses captured enemies as target practice.’ Snap never was very subtle with his sense of humour. So, Poe told the story of his daring rescue to everybody. He told Snap and Pava, even though they had heard the story already. He told it in detail. He told everyone from the General’s office, and the maintenance crew. He told the repair girl who gave BB-8 their bi-monthly look-over. He told BB-8, so that BB-8 could tell C3PO and R2-D2 and any other droid who wasn’t suddenly very busy when BB-8, who had a reputation for being chatty, rolled up to have a tête-à-tête. Poe made sure everyone knew that Finn had completed his mission for him, thinking him dead, and had gone to rescue his friend from the First Order despite the fact that he had risked death just to get away in the first place and was totally terrified of them. He told everyone, even though everyone already knew because most of them were in the room when it happened. And, as the days dragged by and Finn did not wake up, and Poe continued to talk about cool and funny and brave he was, the looks started to come. At turns mildly irritated, amused, and sympathetic, it didn’t bother Poe, not when they came from his friends or acquaintances, even from the General (“Do you know what he said when we were crossing the hangar? He was holding my arm tightly and saying Stay calm , and I was like I am calm , and he was like –” “He was like I was talking to myself , right Mr Dameron?” “Right ma’am”). They were the looks of friends who were starting to wonder if their buddy was ever going to get over what was shaping up to be a crush of truly embarrassing proportions. If their buddy was ever going to get over it, if Finn didn’t wake up. Poe didn’t mind. They weren’t altogether wrong. The only person whose opinion on the subject mattered, was not waking up. Not yet, that was. Finn was going to wake up. He had spent so much energy healing, it’d be a waste if he didn’t. He’d even lost a little weight. Poe knew Finn’s shape better from looking than anyone would from touching. Only a little lost weight, and it showed more in the slight stretch around his knuckles where the skin had gone a little tight, a little around the collar, around the neck. None of that handsome shape around the chest and arms, which filled out the shoulders of that jacket better than Poe ever had. It had hung a little loose on Poe, if he was honest. Finn really did look better in it, and even if he didn’t, Poe still wanted to see him wear it, if he woke up. No, when he woke up. When. Chapter 6 : Kylo Ren wakes up and Hux's personal crisis intensifies Summary: You could read this chapter one of two ways: Either Kylo Ren is silent and broody or Kylo Ren is stoned on painkillers. Whatever works for you. Doubt of the worst kind had begun to settle into Hux’s conscious. He had been raised in a military house. His father had been a superior officer in the Empire until he was perhaps four. Despite how far his family fell in the years immediately following the fall of the Empire, his childhood had been devoid of instability. Perhaps that was the reason why his childhood was so strictly spent, learning to follow the rules of a great power that no longer existed, on the conjecture that when it returned he would be perfectly aligned to slot into place within it. If framed in a different light, it was a little presumptuous. He had been raised to follow the laws and regulations of a system which, during his training, did not exist except in the memories of the men and women who had previously depended upon it. He had been raised with the expectation that he would end up exactly where he did; a General, in charge of others, living at all times with the anticipation of imminent violence. If he had not fulfilled his father’s expectations, he wondered; what would have become of him? When Kylo Ren woke up and sent flying the droid who had been checking his blaster wound, Hux was glad for the distraction. Kylo Ren struggled to sit up and only managed halfway. He was bent at the waist at an angled that favoured his bandaged side, Hux noticed, but oddly so. It was almost as if he were leaning into the injury, deliberately putting weight on it, as if his first instinct at sensing pain was to aggravate it. Must be a Sith thing. Kylo Ren looked at Hux, bare-faced, bare-chested, squinting slightly. His expression caused his facial scar to bend in the middle. It looked endearing on him. A little crooked line to go with his little crooked soul. ‘You’ve been asleep for almost a week,’ Hux commented when the patient failed to do more than stare. ‘The repair crew has been thankful for the break. They haven’t had to replace a console for, well. A whole week.’ Death threats were off the table. They would be obsolete whilst one of them was already hospitalized, and it was too soon for a proper telling-off. That left sarcasm, and sarcasm was about as close to friendly conversation as either of them had ever managed. With Ren shirtless and propped on his elbow a mere two feet from where he sat, Hux thought idly, this could practically count as flirting. When no reply was forthcoming, Hux became mildly concerned. Ordinarily they never missed a beat in their verbal sparring, and yet here was Kylo Ren, lacking both his helmet and his robes, hazy-eyed and uncharacteristically quiet. It was not a Kylo Ren he could easily recognize. He looked far too vulnerable. And, with the doubt in his mind and the deadlines approaching, Hux was struggling not to feel protective. ‘Your bedside manner could use some work,’ Ren finally said, looking away. ‘So could your aim, apparently,’ Hux replied easily, relieved. ‘The scavenger and her rescuers all escaped, with only one noted potential casualty.’ ‘And Starkiller?’ Kylo Ren asked, just as smoothly. Ah, there he was. He met Hux’s eyes and Hux straightened in his seat. ‘I thought I recognized the Finalizer’s medical bay.’ ‘I was unaware you ever had occasion to visit,’ Hux said, part genuine, part snark. He was intrigued instead of concerned when Kylo Ren’s haughty expression dropped and he promptly looked away again. Well, yes he was intrigued. And he was also worried about the man. He could confess as much to himself. He had stayed by Kylo Ren’s side for long enough that he either had to leave or begin to explain himself to himself, and he wasn’t immature enough to leave. So, that left introspection. And Hux could admit to himself when he was interested in somebody. Not romantically, of course. No more interested in Kylo Ren than he was in a volatile, materially influential investment. But, he could get very interested in those. ‘The Supreme Leader wishes me to bring you to him. He has said that it is time for you to complete your training,’ Hux said. It was something of a test, and perhaps a petulant response to Kylo Ren’s needling. He had contemplated not telling him until he was healed, but now with the patient lucid and awake, Hux decided against waiting. He wanted to see what Kylo Ren would do with the information now, without his costume and completely unnecessary voice distorter to hide behind. Defenceless men were more honest, as a rule. The defenceless man in question looked as if he did not know how to respond. Hux had expected excitement in some form. Anticipation, or fear. He did not know what to do with a protracted silence. ‘You ought to rest until you are fully healed,’ Hux said, rising to his feet. He wasn’t sure why but he suddenly wanted to leave. ‘I am healed enough to see Snoke,’ Kylo Ren responded instantly. He gripped the sides of the cot and forced himself to sit up straight. Hux was almost embarrassed for him. He clearly wasn’t accustomed to hiding his feelings. His face was so expressive. The slightest twitch of a muscle or widening of an eye conveyed far more emotion than Hux’s father’s best fake smile. He was sure now. The mask was only ever to hide its wearer’s sheer humanity. ‘If he sees you now he will only send you back here,’ Hux said, not quite concealing his haste. This earned him an accusing, if curious, glance. He stiffened. Why was he saying this? He knew exactly why, because he needed his patient to stay in the medical bay. But why was he so concerned? He just was. But why was he acting on it, when he was so unsure? He hated this. The unfamiliar sensation of being lost, without guidelines to depend on, without laws to be held accountable to. There were laws for this, he knew, but he did not know what they were. No-one had ever taught him. ‘You’ve made enough of a fool of yourself,’ he said, reverting to nastiness. It was what he – they – knew best. ‘Starkiller is gone. The Resistance has had their public victory. The very least you can do is arrive before the Supreme Leader in full health, prepared for whatever it is he means to do with you. You’re of no use to our cause like this .’ This last line he punctuated to a flourish of his hand, gesturing to all of Kylo Ren as if he were a pile of so much scrap metal. Before he could see the effect his petty little speech had, he turned on his heel and left the medical bay. Something was writhing nastily in his belly. There was something new inside him, a stranger, or a sickness. Chapter 7 : Finn and BB-8 get praise because Poe is Poe and loves his baes An unexpected wave of sleet grounded Poe just before he was set to start supply runs again. Only supplies, so far. General Organa didn’t want to risk him on any long-range missions, at least not yet. The weather hadn’t let up for four days. Poe was a creature of the stars. His heart was up there beyond the stratosphere, where he could dart among suns and comets until his hair was full of space dust and the lights of distant stars were imprinted on the inside of his eyelids. It had always puzzled him, since he was a child, how something as relatively thin and changeable as a planet’s atmosphere could hinder the take-off of a ship so completely. But aside from the wider galaxy that he was being kept from, the thing that occupied Poe’s mind most often was still on D’Qar with him anyway, so when he wasn’t daydreaming about soaring in his x-wing again, mostly he was grateful that at least he’d be there when Finn woke up. Which, on the fifth morning of rain, he was. X One moment he was in the snow with a burning stripe seared into his skin and muscle, then next he was groggily becoming aware of the gentle monotone of someone absent-mindedly chatting to him. In terms of conscious thought, the pause was negligible, but he was aware through his dull pain and muddled mind that a lot of time had passed. ‘… but anyway, that’s not even my favourite part of the song so I don’t mind that I’ve forgotten it. I used to just make it up words whenever I forgot the words to something, but people always thought I was getting the lyrics totally wrong and I got tired of people laughing at me and trying to correct me, like I don’t care , I just want to sing sometimes, y’know? I’m just bad at remembering the words. So I hum instead. Not that that’s any better apparently, because now BB-8 hums too and it drives the other droids up the wall because they think he’s talking but they can’t understand what he’s saying. People accuse him of malfunctioning all the time and I hate it. He’s not “malfunctioning”, people just don’t make the effort to understand him. He’s got a personality . It’s not his fault all the other repair droids are unimaginative trashcans with no appreciation for music.’ ‘Beep boop boup.’ ‘No, don’t defend them. They’re unimaginative and they’re trashcans and you’re special, and nothing anybody says is going to convince me otherwise.’ ‘Bee beooep bweeep !’ ‘Don’t try and change the subj – Finn!’ Finn managed to turn his head and open his eyes, though the effort to do so surprised him. He felt sluggish and weak, but it was gratifying beyond belief to hear that voice again, to see the round white and orange blur that must have been BB-8 rocking excitedly by his bedside. He opened his mouth to speak and his eyes finally managed to focus on the nearest thing, which happened to be Poe’s face, and suddenly he found himself unable to form any words. Poe was smiling, his eyes the red-rimmed of the sleepless, his hair a handsome mess as always, as if every breeze and pillow and raindrop that touched his head only ever did so to artfully brush a curl out of place and leave it tousled just so. He had leaned directly in the way of the ceiling light, giving his visible outline a saintly halo and making Finn wish suddenly that he had woken up before Poe’s visit so he could have had time to rinse his mouth out and washed his face. ‘Hi,’ he managed, little more than a croak, but Poe’s smile widened as if it was the best thing he had heard all day. ‘Hi yourself,’ Poe said. They stared at each other for a quiet moment, which wasn’t tense or uncomfortable at all but made Finn continue to wish that he could at least check to make sure there wasn’t anything in his teeth. Then, ‘I’ve … we’ve been worried. You gave us quite a scare, showing up with a hole in your spine. Doctor said they might not have been able to save you if Rey didn’t get you back to us so quickly.’ That sparked something. The image of Kylo Ren chasing after her, his lightsaber throwing red shadows onto the grey and black landscape, like a demon chasing a hare. ‘Rey? Is she okay?’ Along with that image came the picture of Han Solo, falling into the pit, and Finn couldn’t help how his eyes screwed up and something heavy settled into his chest. ‘Oh, the General … someone should tell her about –’ ‘She knows,’ Poe said softly. Finn opened his eyes. Poe glanced away, but he remained where he was, leaning over Finn. ‘I think. I think she felt it when it happened.’ Finn felt a weight on his hand when he tried to move his fingers, and realized that Poe was holding it distractedly. His heart started to pound. He realized in a rush that this was exactly what he wanted, Poe holding his hand, talking to him as he dozed, not in a medical bay but all the time, at peace, just always. This should be a tender moment. But this was all wrong. It was all horrible. The Republic had been blown up, Han was dead, he felt like shit, and … ‘And Rey?’ A peculiar expression crossed Poe’s face, and Finn’s heart pounded for a totally different reason. Was she okay? Poe had said that she brought him back to D’Qar, so she was probably fine, but still. She wasn’t here. ‘She’s a heck of a girl,’ Poe said. His smile had returned, but with none of the warmth. It was there to perform a service, to reassure Finn, but the warmth behind it was gone. ‘She’s just fine. They completed the map, so she and Chewie are on their way to find Skywalker. What happens next is up to them, I guess.’ Finn’s nerves eased a little, but the false smile on Poe’s face made him uneasy. He tried tightening his fingers around Poe’s, and Poe quickly glanced down, his eyes widening as if he hadn’t realized that they were touching. He didn’t pull away though, so Finn held on. And, bit by bit, the warmth came back. X Poe might have felt a touch jealous when Finn repeatedly asked after Rey. He had known that they must be close after all they’d been through, when Finn insisted on speaking to the General so they could rescue her from the First Order, after everything he’d done to try and get as far away from them as possible. He’d known the closeness was reciprocal when she visited almost as frequently as he did before leaving in the Falcon, and when she helped to mend the jacket. He had hoped that the feeling was purely friendly. And maybe it was. Maybe he was being stupid. Finn was awake, he was okay, he was smiling up at Poe and he was clutching Poe’s hand, warm and conscious, and Poe was fighting an intense urge to rest his head on Finn’s chest and listen to the comforting sound of his heartbeat. Or maybe to kiss him, but Finn had only just woken up and Poe wasn’t the kind of guy to take advantage. They’d talk about it, he promised himself. Before the rain let up, before Rey came back, before the state of the galaxy caught up to them, he’d tell Finn how he felt. And then, maybe, if Finn felt the same, at least they’d have some time. He tried not to think too hard about it, and concentrated instead on the tightening of Finn’s fingers around his palm. Chapter 8 : Phasma deserves a fucking medal. Summary: More Phasma, and I try my hand at writing an OC. Where did I get the name? Idk. It sounded cool. More fun facts I’ve learned: the Knights of Ren are not Sith, but they do the Sith thing of taking on a name to identify themselves (so instead of Darth Vader and Darth Maul we have Kylo Ren and Whatserface Ren etc). So basically the Knights of Ren are like ... NuSith? Sith Lite? Sith Remix? Okay I’ll stop. ‘He’s not tempted by the Light, exactly. He more sort of swings wildly between it and the Dark,’ the knight explained, contemplative as she twirled her spoon in her tea. Phasma nodded slowly, idly matching the knight’s spoon with her own. Since travel had taken longer than expected, a knight whose rank was comparable to Kylo Ren’s had been sent to “accompany” the Finalizer on the last leg of the journey. That was how she had been introduced, anyway, but everyone knew why she was really there, and it was setting some of the troopers on edge. It should not be taking this long to get Kylo Ren to Snoke. If they hurried, they should have arrived days ago. Instead they were taking every possible detour, sidestepping suns by huge distances instead of blasting right past them as was usually Hux’s preference, and stopping off at every First Order base and satellite for every imaginable excuse. Phasma had heard grumblings among the crew. Most of the troopers had been relieved to hear that they would finally be getting rid of Kylo Ren, but instead, the General had chosen to keep him in the medical bay indefinitely as they dawdled along through the galaxy, pretending not to avoid Snoke. And Phasma, having the rare honour of being the only person on board to know what was really going through Hux’s head, had valiantly volunteered herself for Knight-sitting duty to keep their guest out of the General’s way. Which, to be fair to the knight in question, wasn’t turning out as uncomfortably as she thought it would. Until Jonnan, the only Knight of Ren that Phasma had ever met had been Kylo Ren. Jonnan was not nearly as surly or reticent, and further unlike the master of her contingent, she only ever wore her full uniform in formal and combat settings. ‘His struggles must be greater than we knew. He never lets it show,’ Phasma said cautiously. Jonnan Ren may be more amiable than expected, but she was still a knight and an agent of Snoke’s. Phasma had to walk the fine line between satiating her curiosity, which Jonnan Ren had been teasing all day, and crossing over that line into questioning allegiances, which could be dangerous. No-one would ever convince her that maintaining friendly gossip was easy. Apparently that line had not been crossed yet, going by Jonnan Ren’s snort of amusement. ‘Never lets it show? Please. I thought we were warming up to each other,’ Jonnan Ren said, sucking a drop of tea off her spoon. Friendly crinkles appeared around her eyes. There was a golden-red tinge to her irises. ‘Well,’ Phasma allowed, deciding to go along with it for now. ‘He does have a temper, but we all put that down to the stress of constantly getting that luxurious hair caught in his helmet.’ Jonnan Ren, who had close-cut hair and usually carried her helmet under her arm, laughed aloud. Now, if only Phasma could get her to turn the helmet on the table away from her so it didn’t appear to be watching her as she drank her tea, things would be dandy. ‘Perhaps that is why he rarely chooses to take it off,’ Jonnan Ren said, voice full of mirth. Phasma wished she could tell whether the woman was being sincere, or if the friendly display was pretence, a way of gathering intel. She tended to err on the side of caution, especially with external agents not directly ranked within the First Order, but she found things were easier if the possibility of friendship was genuine. She decided to test the waters a little. ‘Not being sensitive to the Force myself, I can only imagine what it must feel like. Sitting at one end of a spectrum, always needing to resist the call to the other. We are not a very philosophical or moralistic Order, but we prefer not to think of actions and consequences in such black and white terms.’ This elicited a twitch. Jonnan Ren diplomatically chose that moment to sip her tea and regard Phasma thoughtfully over the rim. The crinkle had not left the corners of her eyes. She lowered her cup and held it gently between her fingertips. ‘I would not have thought so. Going by your uniforms and your décor, I would have thought the First Order was all about black and white.’ Phasma smiled companionably, and sipped her tea in response. X Hux knew that he could not keep Kylo Ren from Snoke indefinitely. He knew that, by dragging his feet, he had already risked the loss of Snoke’s favour. Mere weeks ago he would have seen the unannounced arrival of another knight to chaperone them as a threat. He would have interpreted it as a shameful mark against his reputation as a General, and against his place as a trusted agent of the Supreme Leader. But the thought of Snoke’s confidence in him no longer elicited a feeling of yearning and pride. Now, it only pulled forth his ever-growing feelings of doubt. What would he have to do to gain Snoke’s confidence once more? Nothing he had ever done was enough. It was not a single tremendous war crime, such as the destruction of an inhabited planetary system (for it was a war crime, and no self-respecting General would lie to themselves about their own greatest and most terrible achievements), nor was it an act of conquest or development of a great and terrible weapon, that kept him in Snoke’s good graces. It was a consistent outpouring of those things, the evidence of an advantage. The moment he lost his value as an advantage, as an asset, he would be dispensed with and replaced. And he could feel his value lessening with every hour their guest remained on the Finalizer. Every hour he did not deliver Kylo Ren for the completion of his training. He was afraid to face Kylo Ren’s colleague and have her reveal his inner turmoil to the crew, to Kylo Ren, or to the Supreme Leader. He was afraid of having his growing concern for Kylo Ren revealed. He was afraid. He did not know what to do. Hux could not keep delaying their arrival. But he did not want to hand over the man he once called rival. He was not just on a deadline, he was well overdue. And if he was going to do something stupid, he needed to do it as quickly and as smartly as possible. Chapter 9 : General Organa gets a break and Finn throws himself under a bus Summary: I have no idea if the connection thing between dark force users and their victims is true, I might have made it up. It works for the story though, which is why it’s there. Also, an Ikopi is a canon Star Wars species. It's native to Naboo and looks like a cross between a giraffe and an okapi plus antlers. I bet Phasma could have told you that. He was overcome by all the choices, once he realized that he had the luxury. And choice was a luxury, to hell with what Snap and Pava told him about it being a basic right. To someone who had never had a choice in their entire life, being allowed to make his own decisions was like a dream come to life. He got to decide what he ate in the morning. He got to decide what to wear. He got to decide whether or not to shave, which he did because stubble was itchy. It could get so overwhelming sometimes that he was frozen by indecision, or fell into a minor panic, not knowing what he should do and not quite yet understanding that there was no longer a “should”. He was allowed to go outside whenever he wanted. He was allowed to walk barefoot, and feel the grass under his feet. And he was allowed to stick to Poe like fleas to a greysor without fear of either of them being mysteriously reassigned to opposite ends of the base. All the time Finn was in rehabilitation and physiotherapy for his injury, Poe was there. This was the biggest luxury of all. Knowing that Poe was choosing to spend all his free time with Finn, teaching him to understand BB-8’s dialect, telling him stories or just talking together. Finn told Poe about what it was like to be raised to obey, to be intimidated and cornered for most of his life. Poe told Finn about freedom, and about indulging in the little things. There were some things Finn really would have liked to indulge in, but, well. Poe was his friend. Poe was so good, so wonderful and generous and handsome, and he hummed . Finn would do some of his lighter stretches against the side of Poe’s ship while Poe tinkered and Poe would hum, and BB-8 would beep along in tune, and Finn would listen quietly and feel so happy and grateful that he didn’t know what to do. When the General visited (and wasn’t that something, that Finn actually looked forward to visits from the General instead of being petrified by the very idea), Finn was told that he ought to decide what he was going to do when he was given a clean bill of health. He wasn’t uncomfortable about that. He understood that all hands were needed and that he couldn’t just sit around. He was glad of it. There was a certain sense of duty to living within the Resistance. He wanted to help. He had never been indolent, after all, he had been raised to work. The idea of sitting around and doing nothing made him restless. So when it came time for him to decide what he was going to do, he was once again paralysed by sheer choice. ‘There’s always command,’ Poe said for the umpteenth time. Poe had spent all the time he wasn’t on supply runs hanging out in Finn’s quarters, fiddling with bits and pieces of machinery, sometimes with BB-8 if the little droid made the mistake of rolling too close when Poe had a tool in his hand. Finn could tell that command central was where Poe wanted him to be. He had asked why, and Poe had merely smiled and said, ‘so I get to hear your voice even when we’re apart.’ Just like that. Casual and suave, like he meant it. Finn had laughed, and Poe had ducked his head and laughed too, and it was like hearing him hum. You should talk , he wanted to say. I love your voice so much I’d be happy if it was the only voice I ever heard , he didn’t say. ‘I don’t think so,’ Finn said. ‘You know you’d make a fair pilot,’ Poe said. ‘Maybe. But the General said that sitting down for long periods of time wouldn’t do my back any favours.’ And that really did disappoint him, because Finn honestly did like the idea of being a pilot. But his back still twinged, especially in the morning and after being seated for more than ten minutes at a time. He still needed to wear a brace under his plain shirt and Poe’s jacket. ‘You’ve spent a fair amount of time in medical. Maybe you could see if they’ll apprentice you to the doctor,’ Poe teased. At this stage the conversation was becoming circular. He’d had the idea before and Finn had already pointed out that it wouldn’t be too soon if he never again saw the inside of the surgery. And the reason the conversation was becoming circular was because that pretty much left maintenance, kitchens, and storage, and Poe was reluctant to let Finn choose any of those areas. Finn got along with everyone, including members of the above teams, so it wasn’t about animosity. The pilots were friendly with the ground crew so he knew it wasn’t a snobbery thing either. Poe just seemed to think that Finn’s skills would be genuinely wasted in any area that required little more than following a procedure. And that was gratifying as hell. It was. But Finn liked the idea of waking up, following a simple procedure for a few hours, having lunch, following some more procedure, and going to bed. He liked the simple in-and-out, no guns, no ongoing combat simulations, no pressure, no stress. He wasn’t ambitious, and he felt a little ashamed, because it seemed like almost everyone else was. He was accustomed to being a tiny part of a huge picture. He liked the romantic idea of being A Big Deal, but the reality of it wasn’t something he aspired to. The simple truth was, the only things he currently wanted out of life were a straightforward job and Poe’s company. He wondered how he was going to tell Poe that without coming across as pathetic. X Poe could tell it was serious purely by the General’s expression. It was guarded and stern, the sort of expression that made him straighten his back and glance around to see if anyone else knew what was going on the moment she began to speak. General Organa had been rotating some of the undercover specialist pilots on a covert pursuit mission, keeping tabs on the Finalizer, one of the biggest deals in the First Order’s fleet since the destruction of Starkiller Base. According to Pava, who was one of few pilots trained for such a mission, the General had stated that the mission was so they could ascertain the whereabouts of an evil bastard named Snoke. What the General didn’t add, but Pava accurately conjectured, was that Snoke was the one responsible for turning her son to the dark side. General Organa believed that there was only one reason Ben would go so far as to kill his own father, and that was either as part of some sick “congratulations on the end of your training” ritual, or as a lead-up to it. In either case, Ben Solo/Kylo Ren would almost certainly be returning to his master, and even if he wasn’t, the command team from Starkiller Base was aboard the Finalizer and would either be stopping for repairs and new orders at the nearest base, or going to Snoke, and while they had been pausing at First Order bases, they had so far kept moving, so the Resistance had decided to see where to. The pursuit had become mildly confusing. It didn’t seem to be going anywhere in particular. At first the General feared that the Finalizer may have noticed its silent followers, a belief which amplified rapidly overnight when a cloaked shuttle snuck off the ship and shot in the direction opposite to the Finalizer’s path. A diversion, it seemed like, though the only reason they noticed it was because they happened to be physically facing that way at the time. The shuttle did not show up on any sensors, and the moment they lost their visual they were completely unable to follow. But a brief scan carried out before the shuttle vanished, carried out by an exceptionally creative repair droid, revealed that there was a strong Force signature coming off the shuttle. Kylo Ren. And a cloaked shuttle with Kylo Ren inside, fleeing the Finalizer which was ostensibly reporting to Snoke, was all the green light General Organa needed. So, a small crowd was brought to the briefing room at hell o’clock in the morning. The mission was simple. Track down the shuttle and its pilot, or find if and where it had landed. Bring the message that Kylo Ren was welcome at any Resistance base ( pointedly welcome at the one his mother happened to be on), and further, ascertain if there were any other defectors. This last idea belonged to Finn, a blurted suggestion which made him stick his hands in his pockets and look down, embarrassed at having interrupted. Poe and several other individuals at the meeting seconded the suggestion. Any defectors, and any significant material or information they happened to carry, would be valuable to the Resistance. According to Finn, there were plenty of stormtroopers and quite likely members higher up the rank who wanted to leave the First Order, who merely lacked the means to do so. Fear and brainwashing kept them where they were. Choice, Finn had insisted to Poe, was a luxury. The Resistance might find itself with more support by extending their support first to those who desperately needed it in order to find rescue. So now Poe finally had some serious orders, and so did many of his friends, and he realized as he toyed with the fastenings on his flight uniform, he had no idea how long this was going to take. It might take many cycles for them to locate the General’s wayward and extremely dangerous son, and assuming they managed to do that, they then had to convince him to return with them. Poe was the only one of the team who had actually met Kylo Ren. On top of that, he figured he had pretty damn good reason to want Kylo Ren to stay lost. He knew he hadn’t hidden it well. He walked in on the General and Finn almost immediately after the meeting ended, just in time to hear the end of a deeply concerned sentence. ‘He still has nightmares, ma’am, I know he’s your best but surely you can send someone else?’ ‘Poe,’ the General said, turning to the doorway where Poe stood frozen and gazing at Finn, who jumped and stared, embarrassed again. Poe wished, not for the first time that day, that he could just grab Finn by his broad shoulders and kiss him all over his gorgeous face. ‘I understand your concerns – both of your concerns,’ Organa said, looking between them both with a much gentler expression than the one she had worn in the briefing room. ‘But I’m afraid it’s one of the reasons I’m sending you. Having your mind touched by a force user can grant a kind of a connection. You will be more sensitive to his presence than any other member of the search team. You will be able to locate him in a crowd more easily, and if he wears a disguise you will still know him for who he is. I cannot disregard an advantage like that. I’m sorry.’ And she did look it. Poe distantly remembered that she, too, had been interrogated, when she was around the same age as him and running missions as a covert member of the Rebel Alliance. And she had been interrogated by a worse monster. Surely, he could be brave for long enough to live up to his hero. Couldn’t he? ‘You should send me too then,’ Finn said. Poe’s train of thought stuttered to a halt. He gaped. General Organa looked thoughtful. ‘When?’ she asked. ‘After a mission where I failed to use my blaster. It was my first mission, and I couldn’t … we were ordered to fire upon civilians. I couldn’t raise my blaster, forget about firing it. He noticed. I thought it was meant to punish me, but looking back, I think he was trying to figure out why I couldn’t shoot.’ For some reason, that last sentence made the General’s expression change completely. Poe couldn’t be sure, but it almost looked like hope. Like it was exactly what she needed to hear. She took a few steps toward Finn and took his hands in hers, locking her eyes with his. ‘This isn’t a decision you can make lightly.’ ‘No ma’am.’ ‘Nor is it a decision you can make purely for someone else.’ Understanding, Finn looked away to meet Poe’s gaze. Then he looked back. ‘I know, ma’am. But that’s sort of why we’re doing this, right?’ The General smiled, a little sadly. ‘Well, I won’t say you’re wrong. If you’re confident, I’ll send you. This might be for the long haul, so I’ll put you on the Ikopi so you’ll have space to stand up and move around.’ Finn dipped his head. Poe placed a supportive hand at his back, almost a subconscious reflex. Finn wouldn’t be travelling on his ship, then. But at least they’d be travelling together, hopefully for most of the mission. He knew they were searching in teams of two, and Poe and the Ikopi, a small freighter, were one of the three pairs. If things went well, he figured, they’d at least be sort-of together throughout the mission. As they left the briefing room and headed in the direction of their bunks, Poe fought a wave of temptation to take Finn’s hand. They were set to leave that afternoon. Even barring the mission itself, they’d be on separate ships, and if anything happened and they got separated… Poe didn’t want to think about it. Either way, they wouldn’t be able to touch for quite some time, if at all. Damn it , he thought to himself, and reached across the inches between them to loosely tangle his fingers with Finn’s. If Finn didn’t like it he’d be able to pull away and Poe would apologize, and they wouldn’t talk about it, and that would be all, nothing broken. Finn wriggled his fingers a little until they were palm-to-palm with their fingers tightly curled together, and petted Poe’s thumb with his own. Poe didn’t bother suppressing a smile. They didn’t speak. They would be fine. Chapter 10 : Hux is not so good at thinking on the fly, and Phasma hits it Summary: Chapter Double-Digits the First. Guys, I am so sorry about the massive hiatus. School, a big project, writer’s block and several overlapping and back-to-back illnesses/flare-ups made it extremely difficult to keep writing so this story just fell by the wayside. Full disclosure: I’m still struggling, but you’ve all been so incredibly patient and I need to get out of the habit of ditching stuff that seems too hard, soooo …. I hope this chapter doesn’t disappoint! During his time as a member of the First Order, starting from his earliest days as a student, Hux had been given the opportunity to work with all sorts of people. From micro-managing administrators to dangerously sloppy flight co-ordinators, from snobbish Living Resources book-balancers to Empire purists, from the reluctant to the psychopathic. Hux had worked his way up, past and through every type the First Order had to offer. The social system in which he was raised was made of such a variety of people, Hux wondered sometimes how it was possible for him to hate every single one of them as much as he did. His own bitterness aside, Hux did know what fondness for others felt like. He knew what liking someone felt like, what adoration felt like, what looking up to someone felt like. He had left that entire frame of mind behind in early childhood when he learned what it was to live in the universe. In his universe. Life and all other fragile things were disposable, and to imbue them with more meaning than they possessed was asking for heartbreak. Faith and affection were mirages, the ideals of the simpleton. He learned not to bother with undeliverable fantasies very early. But if this was true, then why did FN-2187 defect? Why did the Resistance refuse to shrink or surrender? Sheer stubbornness could only get a movement so far. Hope died quickly under the hammering blasterfire of the battlefield and political ideology was always mingled with something fragile like optimism or ignorance, which never lasted the length of a career, but if fantasies couldn’t deliver, why was he out in deep space lasering a target on the back of his own head? Kylo Ren, if he had any suggestions, was keeping them to himself. Not that he had a choice. Hux had shot him full of enough bantha tranquilizer to drop a herd before transporting his (annoyingly heavy) body to Hux’s own private shuttle. But to say it was such a straightforward process would be misleading. If such things as hope were imaginary, Hux thought, then why did people like Phasma exist? And what kind of person was Jonnan Ren? Kylo’s drooping body was barely slumped onto the cot when the knight stalked into the otherwise empty bay. Hux could feel every nerve in his body like a network of wires. Phasma had sworn to keep Jonnan occupied. She had sworn , and Hux had wondered for a brief moment whether he should beat his feelings for Kylo to death with a shovel, bury them as deep as humanly possible, and ask Phasma to marry him instead. It took the knight ten seconds to reach the launch pad. For that ten seconds, Hux was prepared to die. Jonnan stopped beside the glossy black hull, took in Hux’s straight back and stiff upper lip, and gave a dry sigh. ‘He’ll need you to stay like this,’ she said, ‘if you’re committed.’ Hux said nothing and waited. ‘He will not find stability without someone solid to balance on. But he will need stability if he’s going to have any luck shielding his mind and keeping his use of the force to a minimum.’ Hux narrowed his eyes and searched Jonnan’s angular face for deception. Jonnan’s nostrils widened as she sniffed impatiently. ‘I hope you know it won’t be as simple as physically distancing himself from Snoke. The Supreme Leader’s sphere of influence stretches as far as the stars. If he can find Ben’s mind or sense his power, he can get a handle on his location.’ Hux must have made more of a face than he intended. Jonnan barked out a laugh and her red-tinted eyes glittered. ‘Call him by his birth name, or don’t. There is no way of knowing whether it will help or hinder. In either case, now you know it.’ Ben , Hux thought, picturing the name in his mind. He held it up against the image of a black-masked creature with the distorted voice. It did not stick. He tried comparing it to the scarred pale man on the cot instead. It held, tenuously. Hux offered a brief, stiff nod, still somewhat confused and mildly terrified that Snoke could hear the entire conversation through Jonnan’s head. Jonnan peered over Hux’s shoulder and into the shuttle. Then she met Hux’s eyes, and on anyone else’s face, it would have looked like a smile. Or a leer. ‘Have him teach you how to shield your mind. Both of you should maintain a barrier between yourselves and the movements of the force, even when you are sleeping. If we can sense you, he can sense you.’ ‘”We”?’ Hux asked warily. ‘Most of my order venerates Snoke,’ Jonnan said. It sounded like an allowance, but any trace of mirth was gone from her voice. ‘But not all of us. Even in the dark, we are taught to rely on ourselves first. Change is coming. We are deciding in advance where we will be standing when it arrives.’ ‘And you would rather Kylo Ren was standing somewhere else?’ Hux said. Ben , his mind echoed. ‘He is our captain,’ Jonnan said. ‘One fewer authority to keep an eye on you, should you choose to abandon your post,’ Hux accused. ‘Just as you are abandoning yours,’ Jonnan replied. There was a tense and silent confrontation. He was unwilling to deny the charge, but more than two decades of following strict orders made a confession impossible. Heavy shame at the mere implication of disobedience was ingrained in his soul. He felt his face heating and pursed his lips to stave off the incriminating blush. Perhaps Ben wasn’t the only one with painful self-evaluation ahead. Phasma chose that moment to appear in the bay’s gate. Oddly, she was not in uniform, at least not fully. Her trousers and hair looked rumpled and her boots were unpolished, and though he did not have a spare moment to wonder, Hux suspected the undershirt she was wearing wasn’t hers. She looked apprehensively between Hux and Jonnan, who returned her gaze. ‘When Snoke questions how they escaped, I shall confess to him that I was seduced by a handsome captain. It is not so far from the truth,’ Jonnan said playfully. The seriousness was gone from her voice, but Hux could feel a pressure on his skull. He hoped he was imagining it. Phasma redirected her carefully blank gaze to the far wall. So much for marrying Phasma as a backup plan . ‘I know what I am asking of you,’ Hux said. ‘Both of you.’ ‘Do you?’ Jonnan said, turning her eyes on him. They were blazing. He faltered for a moment. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘And if we are successful, you have my oath that the debt will be repaid at your summons.’ He offered a bow, first to Jonnan, and then, with a meaningful look, to Phasma. ‘The manners of the First Order,’ Jonnan scoffed. ‘Explosive on the field and dainty at the dinner table.’ Hux felt his eye twitch. ‘Make sure you survive to fulfil that oath,’ Jonnan said. Then she turned to Phasma. A handful of seconds of silence passed. ‘We have a job ahead of us,’ Phasma said with a sigh full of dawning comprehension. Hux, suddenly full of new urgency, turned on his heel and hastened up the narrow shuttle plank without saying farewell. It would have been obsolete. The door hissed shut behind him. Settling into the pilot’s seat, he wondered whether to spare a look behind him. If Ky – if Ben heard any of that, explaining would be even more of an ordeal. Hux was hoping to reach an isolated, preferably uninhabited planet before having the awkward conversation wherein he would confess that he had kidnapped his nemesis and deserted on behalf of them both. He had been struggling with how he’d word it ever since making up his mind. You’ll thank me in a few years? I’m doing this for your own good? If Ben decided he wanted to go back to the Finalizer, Hux was screwed. If Ben kicked up a fuss and drew attention, Hux was screwed. Hux realized, and not for the first time, that this entire ramshackle plan hinged on Ben’s willingness to trust him. It hinged on Ben’s willingness, and the assumption of his desire, to escape. It hinged on Ben. Hux was screwed. A noise made Hux turn around just as he turned on the shuttle’s cloaking device. Ben’s head rocked from side to side and he sniffled. Hux quickly and carefully shot them into space, facing dead away from Snoke. He thought for a moment that he saw something in the distance behind the Finalizer, but he couldn’t be sure. There was no time to investigate. They needed to get as far away as possible. Only when the shuttle had its plotted course and all ship’s vitals had been checked, did Hux turn his attention to his guest. Ben wasn’t supposed to wake up yet, but he was half-rolled out of his cot. It was still jarring to think of him as “Ben”. Even half-dressed, he was taller than Hux and possessed a great deal more raw power. He was lanky and woozy and still so alarmingly human, but he was awake. Hux felt his adrenaline surge. Hux watched as Ben took in his surroundings before peering, squinting and dropping his head into his hands. His elbows were supported on his knees and he leaned forward as he covered his face, taking a few deep breaths before looking up and seeking out Hux’s form at the front of the shuttle. Hux had expected a “where are you taking me” or, with dread, a “where is my lightsaber”. What he got was plaintive quiet and shakiness. They both opened and then closed their mouths without saying anything. Hux discarded the thought of deception as soon as it entered his mind. He had only ever given speeches, grand hyperbole about duty and political stratagem. He was good at promoting the dogma of the First Order. He did not know how to speak from personal belief. He grudgingly suspected people like General Organa were good at that sort of thing. The dilemma was frustrating, so Hux retreated to the tactic that tended to work on the field; he waited for his opponent to make the first move. Ben surely had questions. Once supplied with one, Hux would be able to form a reply. In the meantime he returned to the pilot’s seat. Ben apparently had no questions. A little under an hour passed. Growing more and more unsettled as Ben’s forlorn silence stretched beyond awkward and well into worrying, Hux turned in his seat and fixed his hostage/damsel/frenemy with a glare. Ben looked up, and the look in his eyes was unfathomable, but Hux felt something twinge in his chest. ‘I left grandfather’s mask on the Finalizer.’ Notes: Let me know what you think. If this goes well, I may take requests and suggestions.