Chapter One "Report to the Hospital Wing. Minimal Damage." You groan at the sound of the mechanical voice coming through your comm. You had just sat down. Couldn't they have waited until you'd finished your lunch break? Obviously not. Still grumbling, you heave yourself from your chair and clip your bulky utility belt back around your waist. The job of being a repairmen for the First Order wasn't the best but you were good with fixing things and after your father had gypped the Republic when you were a kid, you weren't exactly welcomed back with open arms. Of course, when you signed up, you didn't realize how often Kylo Ren threw a hissy fit that mutilated everything within arms reach. After the his fight with Rey, Kylo Ren had been stuck in the Hospital Wing until he healed. This didn't sit well with him. And to show his distaste, he had been flipping out and going bat shit on all of the equipment around him. It made you want to throw a monkey wrench at him. Muttering profanities, you strode through the cramped halls of the ship, glaring at anyone who got in your way. Most of the crew had gotten to recognize you and knew that you needed to be wherever you were going and stayed out of your way. You had also earned a reputation for throwing things at people who annoyed you. Metal, painful things that caused lumps and bruises. Of course, you never threw anything at anyone important, like Phasma or Hux or Kylo Ren, no matter how many times you wanted to. As you strode angrily into the Hospital Wing, you freeze as your eyes fall onto an angry figure slumped on a bed, dark hair crowding his face. General Hux stood in front of him, talking in a hushed tone. As you walk in, he looks over and stops talking abruptly. Never before had Kylo Ren still been at the site of his destruction when you got there. You usually considered it a good thing because if he was... You'd never really thought about that before. But here he was. And you still wanted to throw a monkey wrench at him. He wasn't as scary as you had imagined, but that was because he wasn't in that god awful mask and costume. Now, he just looked like a worn, angry man. And kind of sweaty and gross. Hux didn't seem surprised to see you and nods a greeting. Nodding back, your eyes fall on the damage. " Holy shit," You breathe out, eyes wide. You'd seen some pretty bad damage done by Kylo Ren. You'd seen an entire circuit board destroyed. You'd dozen's of computer systems put to waste. But this? Nothing had been this bad. Sick beds lays sliced into pieces, shelves and chairs and tables all lay in various levels of destruction. Glass litters the floor, droids hanging in pieces with wires drooping sadly. The only thing that was still in one piece was the bed Kylo Ren was sitting on. You glance at Hux, who stares impassively. "He, just him, did all of this?" You ask, not believing your eyes. There was no way one person could have done all of this. "He was....quite displeased that he hasn't been discharged yet." No shit. Mumbling under your breath about how this was definitely not minimal damage and the things you'd love to throw at his head, you start to get to work on the droids. Some of them seemed salvageable but only a few. Your hands move on their own accord, pulling bits of wire and electrical tape out of your tool belt. You can hear the hushed voices of Kylo Ren and General Hux from behind you but you focus on your work, and the curses to Kylo in your mind. Fuck you, you destructive little shithead. Ooooh, one of these days I am going to dent that big head of yours with a wrench, just you wait. Do you know how hard it is to fix these droids?! Okay, not very but it's still annoying when you decide to go bat shit and throw a hissy fi- "Your thoughts are rather vulgar," A cool voice cuts through your rant, causing your hands to freeze. Glancing over your shoulder, you find that General Hux has left and now you are alone with Kylo Ren. "No shit," You grumble, turning back to your work, ignoring the sudden sweat that breaks out on your brow. You could either be in deep shit, or even deeper shit. "Do you really want to throw a wrench at me?" He sounds almost amused, the bastard! You turn around, still crouching on the ground, and glare at him. Unfortunately, this is also the first time you've ever seen him without the mask and Damn! He's hot. The smirk that spreads across his face reminds you that he can hear your thoughts. "Get out of my head." Blushing, you turn back to your work and try to ignore the hormonal thoughts that spread through your mind about the attractive man behind you. It had been so long since you had actually seen a normal person with, like, a normal face that when you saw someone attractive.... Well, it reminded you of times back when you had freedom to mess around a bit. You missed having a bit of casual sex on this god forsaken ship. "No one is keeping you from your.... extra activities." Your blush deepens and you raise the screwdriver in your hand at him over your shoulder. "I said out of my head, you dick!" The last part slips out of your mouth before you can stop it and you rush to apologize. "Shit! I'm sorry! That wasn't supposed to come out!" You squeak, staggering to your feet. He looks at you, emotionless. You wait for him to whip out his light saber and chop you to bits or call in guards to drag you off to rot in some cell. Instead, the corner of his mouth quirks up every so slightly. "Do you think you'll be able to salvage the droids?" You snort, turning back to your work. "I might be talented but this? It needs a miracle. And I'm no miracle maker. I can fix some of them but most of this stuff is going to be scrapped." And if you'd stop going batshit, maybe I wouldn't be so goddamned busy. "Batshit?" "Out of my head!" Chapter 2 : chapter two Summary: you were starting to think kylo was breaking stuff just to get your attention. Notes: WOW I AM SO SORRY GUYS i know it's been forever and a half and i am so fricking sorry and i am so much more sorry that i can't promise it won't happen again but i am going to try to not wait months before even working on other chapter so yeah. enjoy? ALSO I AM REALLY SORRY I PUBLISHED THIS BEFORE I WAS FINISHED PLEASE READ THIS AGAIN. Six times. You had been called back to the infirmary six times since the first time you'd ever seen Kylo Ren unmasked. And all six times you'd done some of the stupidest shit you had ever done. Surprisingly, you still had all of your body parts and you were not imprisoned. Yet. The meetings had gone like this: The first time, it was four in the morning and you showed up in your pajamas, bed head and all. He'd been snoozing away on his bed, completely ignoring the mess of wires and sizzling metal that surrounded. Somehow though, while you were viciously swearing sleepily as you continuously burned your fingers while you were trying to move the metal pieces around, he woke up and you found him smirking at you. Now you were sleepy and furious and as you looked back, you really aren't sure how you're still alive, but you did an incredibly stupid thing. You threw a screwdriver at him. Thankfully your sleepiness made your already quite terrible aim even worse and it sailed clear over his head but the astonished look on his face was almost worth it. Almost. It would have been to, if your heart wasn't pounding so hard in your chest that you were thinking that you probably looked like one of those old cartoon characters who's heart literally beat out of their chest. Was he going to whip out his light saber or choke you to death with his mysterious powers? Nope. He just grinned. It caught you off guard. When he grinned, he didn't look like a dark evil ruler who could kill people with a flick of his wrist or a brooding asshole. He looked young. Happy even. And, of course, hella attractive. Seriously. It was the kind of grin school boys used to give girls back in high school when they were trying to implicate a good ol' hookup. It was the kind of grin that sent your mind into places you really didn't want it to go and that got your stomach all warm in a way you didn't like. What really annoyed you? He totally knew it. The next time, when you showed up, you were in for a surprise. It wasn't four this time, either, but it was early enough that the caffeine you had hastily inhaled hadn't quite sunk in yet and you were in a shit mood because you'd spent all night with a pilot who's dick was so sadly small and you'd had about as much fun as you had cleaning up after the Commander. At least the Commander was mildly attractive. You were annoyed and trying to push your nightly activities out of your mind when you strode into the infirmary that it took a second to hit you as you stood in the doorway. Kylo Ren was there, obviously, but nobody else except for you. They'd probably fleed and hidden in his wrath. He was still holding his light saber and he was surrounded by smoldering pieces, bare chest heaving. Bare chest heaving. Bare chest. Fuck. You hated to admit it, but yeah. You stared. It was such a better sight that the images in your mind of last night. His skin glistened lightly with a thin layer of sweat and small hairs curled at his temples with the perspiration. Did it turn you on? Fuck yes. It wasn't until his eyes met yours that you realized you'd been staring, turned bright red and scowled. Because, yes, he was really attractive and your underwear was embarrassingly wet but you now had to deal with your dirty thoughts and the shit ton of broken equipment that he'd decided to force upon you. He'd disappeared quickly as you started working and it wasn't an hour later, just as you were finishing up, that he returned. You almost ran into him as you hurried out the door. He caught your arm as you passed, eyes meeting yours. He'd thrown on a shirt but his hand was still warm and the feeling of his fingers wrapped around your elbow sent a shiver down your spine. But he soon let go and walked passed you into the infirmary. You decided to ignore the amount of time you'd spent standing there dazed, trying to collect your thoughts and cool the sudden wave of hormones that made you want to chase after him and satisfy your growing sex need. The next few times you'd seen him, the sexual tension between you two had only been stifled by the fact that General Hux had been there. That didn't mean that you two hadn't exchanged heavy glances and that you hadn't had to run back to your room and change your underwear. This time was different though. Because Hux wasn't there. And because there was very little damage. And maybe because it seemed Kylo was definitely waiting for you. Chapter 3 : Chapter Three Summary: In which you almost get laid but hux turns out to be an asshole Notes: I HAVE PLACED SOME SIN IN HERE AS AN APOLOGY FOR BEING SO RANDOM OKAY BYE ENJOY TELL ME WHETHER IT WAS SHIT OR NOT KAY BYE Yes, he was definitely waiting. He'd barely chopped a chair in half and you'd been called for maximum damage. Unless he was hiding the rest of the damage behind him, you were thinking something was up. He raised an eyebrow at you as you stood in front of the now closed door. "Are you just going to stand there?" He asked, his tone surprisingly light. You crossed your arms over your chest. "This does not look like maximum damage. I was forced out of very nice nap to fix a chair?! Do you have any idea how damn fast I ran over here because I thought you'd cut a whole through the damn ship?" The only thing that stopped you from going into full bitching mode was the barely concealed amusement on Kylo Ren's face. So, you settled for scowling heavily at him. Still, the hot feeling that you were starting you dread was spreading throughout your body again. "What if I just wanted to see you?" He asked and you scoffed. "You could have just summoned me without making me think it was an emergency or some shit." Slowly, he stood. You swallowed hard as he crossed the space between you, until he was standing only a few inches from you. "Are you.... Angry with me?" His voice was low, husky. You ignored your jelly knees and gave him your best glare. "Da-Damn right I'm angry with you." You cursed yourself for stuttering but your head was swimming as you felt his fingers, callused and gentle, tracing the line of your jaw. "No right, to-to keep me from my sleep." "You ought to have nights to sleep, if you weren't..." He smirked, "indulging yourself." You managed a playful scoff. "It's not indulging if I'm not getting any enjoyment out of it." Now he was closer, his forehead brushing your, his lips only a breath away from yours. "Then why do you do it?" He asked, his breath fanning against your face. Did you do the smart thing and pull away? Or give him a answer and anything that wasn't unearthly stupid? Nope. Instead, you wrapped your arms around his neck (it annoyed you that you had to reach so far. Did he have to be a giant and a half?) and suddenly your lips were on his and his hands were insistent on your waist as they pulled your against his body and your hands were tangled in his hair and somehow you ended up against a cool metal wall. It was surprising how gentle yet insistent he was, how his hands never seemed to stay in one place, whether they were tugging at the arms of your jumpsuit that were tied around your waist or they were curled around your throat or pulling your hair from the ponytail your kept it up in. Somehow his shirt was off and yours was somewhere in the pile and he was placing gentle nips on your bare skin and tracing the line of your bra and sending shivers down your spine. Somehow your hands were gripping his hips and your lips were against his throat and the throaty groans that he was releasing were doing nothing to help your ever growing problem in your underwear and you could feel the pressure of his own problem against your waist and then- "KYLO REN!" Hux was standing just inside the door, glowering at the two of you. You couldn't decide whether you wanted to die of embarrassment or cry because he'd interrupted the two of you. "You have better business to attend to than fooling around with the employees!" He was shaking he was so angry but you were thinking it was because Kylo was totally about to get laid and he was not. (Not that he'd ever actually hear you say that) Hux stormed off and Kylo Ren sighed and pulled away. The suddenness of it all made you feel raw and naked and the fact that you were shirtless probably didn't help. You scrambled for your shirt and tugged it back on, adjusting your jumpsuit and trying to fix your hair, which was probably the epitome of soon to be sex hair. Before you could run away and get off somewhere else where you couldn't get yelled at, Kylo caught your arm. "Later." And then he was gone and you were sprinting down a hallway and to the closest shower because godammit you didn't have enough clean underwear for this shit.