Tatooine Life happens. So does death. Wars are fought. Sometimes, they aren't won. People die. So do soldiers and their superiors. Regimes fall, and empires rise. But there are things that war, evil, and time just don't touch. There are some things that will never change, even when everything else does. Tatooine is a testament to that. It always has been, and always will be, just an endless expanse of beige; inhospitable desert, canyons, mountains, and mile after mile of sand. For thousands of years, it's hung in the eternal night of space; a giant blotched orb of orange and dark purple. Its inhabitants are just as I remembered them: tough and resilient as ever, just like the hopelessly rocky landscape. The sand from the streets still gets into our boots, hair, clothes, and eyes. The moisture farmers still do what they do best—tend to their vaporators, sell water, and do what they can to hold it together until harvest every year. The cities and cantinas are still full of more aliens and their songs than humans and their gossip. Bounty hunters, spice merchants, the occasional supply ship, and countless smugglers still make their stopovers in Mos Eisley or Mos Espa to do business; still bring rumors and sometimes truthful news about what's happening in the rest of the universe. I know how it all works. I should; I've been watching it happen for long enough. Sometimes, I think, for too long. Almost as long as I've been alone. And I've been alone for a very long time. My palm closed around another cluster of fungi and, with more force than I meant, I bruised it as I tore it from the base of the vaporator. "Oh, kandosii ," I muttered, turning the piece over. I decided it didn't look too terribly bad, and with a sigh I placed it into the basket by my knees. A series of beeps caught my attention and I turned around. "Your scanners picking up something, Lucee?" My little astro droid made her way to me on her tripod legs, making long treads in the sand behind her. She made it clear that no, nothing was on her scanners; she just wanted to get indoors. "I'm almost finished here," I promised. "Just watch my back, okay?" LU-C2 exclaimed, and I put down the scraper in my hand so I could face her. "Hey, nothing's going to get you," I told her, smiling in spite of myself. "Jawas don't have the nerve to go after a droid when someone's right next to it." She ventured to ask something else of me, and I nodded. "Yes, I'll clean the sand out of your gears when we get home." LU-C2 was satisfied. She whistled quietly to herself, staying beside me. We'd been out there for some time, yet there was just now enough light to see by—far, far ahead, in the east, the suns were just beginning to rise. Orange, hazy, and glowing on the horizon. I got back to the task at hand and reached further up on the vaporator to pull off a few of the smaller fungi. Even though I paid the Wiy family four wupiupi per cluster, and they often paid me just to retrieve the precious treat for them, they still thought I was crazy to do this while it was still so dark outside. I knew well enough why it was dangerous—every inhabitant from Anchorhead to Mos Eisley knows that the Tuskens are always roaming the desert, but even moreso when it's dark; both at night and in the early morning hours before dawn. Most of the time, they'll simply stove a farmer's head in, dismantle one or more vaporators, and sell the parts for scrap. They're heartless, and they don't care who they hurt. Or kill. But I know how to deal with them. Those animals don't rule my life–this planet is poverty-stricken enough, and to me, the chance to get real food is worth the risk. Tatooine still has little to no locally grown produce that's not dry or hopelessly tough—yet at night, when the desert gets cold and the moisture vaporators are at their best, the farmers get something some of the other locals don't: fresh mushrooms. Ord Cestus has the better ones in my opinion, but since Ord Cestus is kinda out of my reach, I content myself with what this ball of dust has to offer. The Wiys do the same. But I know they still think something is wrong with me. I'm not as crazy as some of the punks that live out in Mos Eisley; but in their defense, I live out in the Jundland Wastes with only an astromech (that I talk to as if it's a human) and a BD droid for company. The natives say that not only do the Sandpeople like to pass through the Wastes, but that you can burn your eyes out, if you look at the flats out there long enough. Well, I've been looking at them for twenty years. My eyes are still just fine. But the rest of me? Wearily, I drew the back of my hand across my eyes and sat back on my feet for a moment. Honestly, I wasn't really so sure about the rest of me. As I knelt there, a familiar, soft sound was intertwined with the humid morning winds. Stopping again, I looked ahead, to the right, and to the left. The winds were coming from the west, but the sound it carried seemed to be coming from farther away...much farther. "Lucee, did you hear that?" As her single photoreceptor lit up, the purple and silver head it was housed in swiveled this way and that. No, she couldn't hear anything. As far as I could see, there was nothing, save the blinking lights that appeared on the distant vaporators. Garn Wiy's words from years ago came back to me, on that day when we were standing in his doorway and looking out over the endless yards of sand. That had been the day when I'd made him an offer: I would go get the mushrooms from their vaporators every morning, and pay them if they were willing to sell me any. No risk on their part was necessary; if they wanted, they wouldn't have to even know I was there. He'd only laughed at first, but then he'd realized I was serious. You gotta screw loose somewhere in that pretty head of yours, Dha? he'd asked, folding his arms over his rotund middle. It's not that I can't afford to do that, but you know what could happen. I remembered how odd it sounded to be called Dha again. It wasn't my real name, of course. But I didn't let an alias I couldn't help bother me. That day, I had merely assured the farmer that it was very likely I had a screw loose, hence the reason Tuskens didn't bother me. I was probably crazier than they were. Garn had just laughed, biting his thumbnail as he shrugged. Good way to get your head kicked in by one of those kriffin' Tuskens, if you ask me. But it's your head, kid. Pick as many of those things as you want. Since that day, I've been doing my present task three mornings a week, every week. For more months than I care to remember. And I've yet to have a single incident. Garn's grown to a ripe old age, and his sons have started taking over but he's still around. I pass the farm boundaries every day on my way to Mos Espa, and I always—subconsciously, perhaps—keep a pair of scanners to my eyes. Perhaps it's because I keep expecting to see someone else besides the Wiys out on the land. Someone familiar. I was finished now with picking from this vaporator—six clusters in all, which yielded about twelve mushrooms. Standing with the basket at my side, I brushed the damp sand from my knees and shouldered my blaster rifle once again. With a sigh, I began to make my way towards the Wiy homestead. The sand was starting to warm up already—I could feel it through the soles of my boots. It's never a good thing when the ground starts heating up, eh, General? There were no other people out there but me; I still smiled at nobody. "No, trooper. It's not." Lucee beeped, wondering who I was talking to. I patted her domed head and sighed. "No one, honey. No one." She took me at my word and kept rolling steadily forward. I may have convinced her that there was nothing there. But I couldn't convince myself. Chapter 2 : A Battle Summary: There is no passion, there is serenity. Notes: Wow, another post. Finally. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) In another time, another place in the galaxy, the ground was starting to heat up—and, to my annoyance, it had also begun to move a little. The Clone Wars had been raging for almost two years at this point. I was leading a batallion out in the Outer Rim, on a Separatist-occupied world. Our current position was underground, in a bunker—it wasn't the roomiest one I or the hundred something men with me had ever been in, either. They had cannons, which meant energy bolts were punching holes in the ground near our position. The impact on the ground above sent dirt showering down on us every few seconds. The legion under my command consisted of the Beta Squad and almost a thousand other clones; several of whom, despite my best efforts to protect them, were now dead or presently dying. A squad of forty men had accompanied me to a rendevous point that we'd never been able to meet—commando droids had ambushed us, and the rest of their amped-up friends tried to finish us off before our gunship arrived. Then that was promptly blown out of the sky. I'd managed to get the wounded and whoever was still standing back to our encampment, but we'd still lost about twenty clones. We were still on the front, too far away to be reached by our reinforcement's medical evac and too close to the enemy tech scramblers for any of our communications to work properly. Now, it wasn't a matter of fighting. It was a matter of living to see the next day. All of the medics I had with me were pulling double to care for their brothers; to try and, despite the circumstances, make those with injuries as comfortable as possible. And the ones I counted on to always get our holo signals up and running again were, by their own standards, barely even making progress. We were all on edge, all running on adrenaline; all more than a little scared. I was utterly terrified that I was going to go down as a newbie who had led her whole batallion to their demise. But I was determined not to show it, come haran or high water. "General!" Dalso shouted, making his way to me, "we've almost got a signal!" Finally, some good news. "Good job, boys," I shouted back, "patch it through on the first frequency you find; we've got to get some reinforcements!" "Yes, ma'am!" At that moment, I was kneeling in one corner along with two of my medical officers: while Mozz tended to another one, Kote helped me with one of their injured counterparts. And this clone looked bad. One of my scouts found him as we were retreating, and had automatically assumed he was dead. But I'd found a heartbeat. Most of his chest armor was melted or missing, and there were burns marring the armor on his legs. And, as was often the case, I could smell him bleeding out before I saw it. "What all have we got, Kote?" Carefully, I laid the unconscious clone's head in my lap, pulling off his helmet as Kote opened a med kit. "Hopefully something he'll survive," he answered, quickly handing me the anesthetic. "Blaster fire. Hit him right in the gut. Then one of those kriffin' clankers tried to take out his legs." Swiftly, I pressed the injector's handle and head together, then set the bacta capsule into the syringe chamber. Gently, I turned his face aside so that I could reach his bare neck. "Awful sorry about this, son," I said through my teeth as I drove the injector point home. The clone jolted and gasped. Jango Fett's brown eyes looked up at me, his expression dazed and bloody. As carefully as I could, I began to wipe the blood from his forehead and nose. "Easy, trooper," I whispered, "you're still with us. Eyes on me, okay?" His breath slowed a little, then he seemed to finally see me. "Where am I?" I had to lean down to catch the words, but I felt myself smile, nonetheless. "You're safe now. We're back in the bunker." The insignia painted on his headgear wasn't ringing any bells, so I knew I hadn't met him before. He was one of the three hundred new troopers that had been assigned to me within the last year, then. His eyes had started to close again, but I tapped his face to keep him from drifting off. "Name and number, trooper," I inquired as his eyes snapped open again. "I know you've had a rough go of it, but can't let you sleep right now." In spite of all his injuries, he smiled up at me through bloody lips. Something made me jolt. The noise of battle, the scent of the bleeding trooper and all of his identical brothers around me faded, far more quickly than I'd expected them to. Before my eyes, I saw nothing but the sand flats, and in the distance were dunes. But...no, I couldn't be in the desert again. Yet I was. Beside me was Lucee, quietly beeping an inquiry. And all that was in front of me was Garn Wiy's weathered features, and his concerned eyes. "Did you hear what I said, girl?" I blinked, gazing down at the coins Garn had just put into my hand. My mouth felt as if it were packed with the medic gauze I'd hallucinated seconds earlier. With effort, I exhaled and smiled. "Yeah...yeah, I heard you. Sorry." Of course, I'd just lied through my teeth. I couldn't repeat what he'd just said if my life had depended on it. It was funny to actually know what that feeling was again, after so many years. But Garn's no idiot. He has four half-grown sons; most of the stuff he's said has gone over their heads at some point. All parents know the look of confusion when that happens. And all parents know the difference between a disturbed child and an indifferent one. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. "I said, you should get yourself a supply of bactade to carry on ya when you go to Anchorhead. You'll get dehydrated out there." He was amused now, but still looking at me like he thought I was nuts. With that in mind, I managed another smile. "Okay. Sure. I can do that. See ya." He wasn't satisfied and I knew it. "You doin' okay way out there? Those flats past Jundland Wastes aren't ideal real estate." I shrugged. "Suits me just fine." I began to turn away, really hoping he'd leave it at that. But he didn't. "You're all alone out there." I didn't think I'd stop—but my left foot slowly imprinted the sand and stayed there. He was absolutely right. So he thought. I leaned my head back and briefly looked at the sky before I looked back at him. Like most of the people around there, I could read Garn like a year-one holobook. He had been born here, raised here, and he would most likely die here. And just like all the others, if the suns didn't get him, then something else would. He didn't need my problems. He has enough of his own. "Bye, Garn," I said simply. In one motion, I deposited the wuipiupi in the folds of my cloak, turned, and started walking. "C'mon, Lucee," I beckoned and the droid began to roll after me. I didn't turn around, but I knew that old farmer watched me and LU-C2 until we were well out of his sight. And all I could hear was one pitying, inaudible remark—it was paternal instinct that made him think it, but it was something I could've gone the rest of my life without hearing: Poor kid. Notes: PLEASE tell me what you thought. I can't tell you how many tumblr threads are devoted to how someone feels when a hundred people have read their fic without telling them if it was any good. So PLEASE give me your two cents. Your two cents matters :) Notes: Yes, it is short. Love it? Hate it? Questions? You WILL leave a comment *spooky Jedi mind trick*.