Kylo Ren had destroyed another computer console. Whilst this wasn't normally a cause for too much concern (which was a bit worrying when you thought about it) there was something in the ferocity and extent of this particular outburst that had Stormtroopers and officers alike running for it. He was still at it when someone had managed to bring in General Hux to the now deserted room, cutting and slicing at the half melted masses of metal. 'Ren.' Hux's voice was clear and commanding. The knight didn't stop, continuing to slice into the remains of the console and the wall. Sparks flew around, causing the two Stormtroopers that had accompanied Hux to back away as far as possible. Hux stood unmoving. 'Ren, that's enough.' Still nothing but the enraged swinging of the blade. 'Ren! I said that's enough!' The General's yell finally seemed to get through to Kylo Ren, who paused, frozen, in his rampage. Then, moving so suddenly that Hux couldn't be sure that Ren hadn't used the Force, Ren's lightsaber was off and the knight was storming down the corridor. Hux sighed and turned to the two almost cowering troopers behind him. 'Clean this mess up and get a technical crew in here,' was all he snapped before following Kylo Ren. He didn't have to guess where the other man was going, and sure enough when he entered his own quarters Kylo Ren was in there, prowling back and forth like an animal in a cage. 'I thought you were above actions like destroying my ship ever since you came back from the Supreme Leader,' commented Hux, dryly. 'Clearly I was hoping for the impossible.' 'What's wrong with me?' Kylo was continuing to act like an animal as he growled out his words, the mask he still wore making it sound even more inhuman. Hux couldn't resist another jab. 'I thought you'd never ask, I have an entire holoprojected presentation on that very subject.' Kylo stopped, released the catches on his helmet, and threw it off and against the wall so hard there was a loud metallic thud that shook the room. 'Kylo, what-' The look on the knight's face was enough to make Hux stop. Kylo Ren was crying, his face twisted as if in agony. He stood in front of Hux, almost touching but seemingly reluctant to close the distance between them. 'What's wrong with me?' It came out as a whisper this time. Hux took off his gloves and reached out to place a hand on Kylo's cheek. The scar caused by the scavenger was prominant but gave the man a certain distinguished look to his features now, or so Hux thought. More adult, less boy. Of course that didn't mean that Hux hadn't thought about the elaborate pains he would bring down upon that girl were she ever in his clutches in vengence for what she had done to Kylo, his Kylo. 'Tell me what's happening, Kylo.' A command or a plea, Hux wasn't sure. 'I thought I would be free of the constant torment.' He pressed his face into Hux's hand. 'I thought killing Han Solo would erase the last part of the light within me, but I can still feel it there.' Hux nodded, he knew all about Kylo's past. It was a whispered precious secret that he'd been told not long after they started sleeping together. He didn't care who Kylo Ren had been, only who he was now and what he was capable of. 'Was I right to do it? Kill him?' 'Yes, of course,' Hux answered immediately. 'He was pathetic and weak.' 'But what if he was right? What if there is still too much of Ben Solo in me?' 'Listen to me.' Hux cradled Kylo's face in both hands. 'Ben Solo is dead, he means nothing. You are Kylo Ren and you are strong, my love. There is no one else in all the First Order that has your skill. Luke Skywalker himself fled into exile because he fears your power, and when he emerges you will destroy him and erase the Jedi from history. You have resisted the light and will continue to, I know it, and in doing so you will become even stronger.' He dragged in Kylo for a kiss. As soon as the other man's lips were parted Hux slid in his tongue, caressing his lover's mouth with a tenderness that lit desire in them both. He pulled them both in the direction of the bed. They lay across it, hands roaming over each other's torsos. Kylo pulled away slightly. 'Hux?' 'Yes?' 'I love you.' 'And I love you. Kiss me.' Kylo grinned wickedly and dove in to devour Hux's mouth. Notes: I thought I was done with these jerks after What We Get, but no, they won't stop bothering me. Jerks. Thanks for reading, comments are always appreciated.