She doesn’t want to think about the consequences of what she is doing or why her feet keep bringing her to his apartment at night. How he opens the door without reluctance, carefully hiding the hope that he feels--but their bond sings strongly and she knows what he is desperate for--and how he obeys her every word. Which is how she finds herself up against a wall, her hands entangled in his hair as his mouth pressed against her soft folds, his tongue delicately circling, tasting her swollen clit, his stubble a pleasant ache between her thighs. Her voice is hoarse from gasping, her lips torn from biting down in refusal to cry out his name. His fingers curl against her before sliding inside her and she begins to grind against him, bearing down hard, asking for more. The heat builds higher and higher until at last she comes around him and she slumps against the wall. Kylo Ren carries her to the bed and lays her down, making sure to pull the covers over her body against the chilled recycled air. He never joins her unless she invites him to, always waits until she orders it-- yes. Rey’s body glows with the memories of his touches, craves the ways he knows exactly how to bring her intense pleasure, how he treats every moment as if he is worshipping at an altar, her body his temple. Her wants more, she knows, but she refuses to let him have it. Her word here is sacred. Her body still riding the waves, pulsing and she looks at him, his eyes roving over her body. “Fuck me,” she says, her cheeks still scarlet, her ears hot at her filth. She’s said it over a dozen times in as many days but it still doesn’t feel right. “Are you sure this is what you want?” His voice is thick, low, and pulls against her. “Fuck it, gods, I need you in me,” she whispers. His weight is instantly on her, his mouth devouring hers, and she responds hungrily. She dreams of his kisses, uses them to help her when she refuses to visit his house. She shimmies up against the headboard until she feels his cock, hot and heavy, against her and she begins to thrust upwards, anxious to feel him inside. “Hard, I need you harder,” she murmurs against his mouth. His hand slides up and cups his breast, thumbing her nipple, she tenses in delight and he can feel her response thrumming in his body. They grind frantically against one another. She feels her skin warm, something like velvet is sliding against her, and knows he’s using the Force to spark her nerves, to drive her toward the ecstasy and oblivion she seeks. Every part of her is alive and wanting. She throws one leg over him and pushes him onto his back. She likes to end the nights on top. She guides him inside of her, hears him stifling one of his moans, and begins to move fast and hard. She feels him reach for her with the Force and shuts him out. In response he slides his hand between them and begins teasing her nub, caressing her folds, and she is gone. She moans Yes , she is moving maniacally, he is matching her speed, she feels her blood so hot and so fast in her body she wonders if she can emerge from this alive--she wonders if she can be satisfied by tonight. His hand has moved to her ass, kneading the flesh, holding her in place. He pulls the other hand from her and she whimpers at the abandonment and re-directs his hand there. He bites his lips and sighs, “Forces, Rey, you’re so” before she silences him with a kiss, tugging his bottom lip with her teeth, she is so close, so close. She is panting and he looks up at her, into her eyes, so much love and Rey cries out, pulsing around him. She slows her rocking, and closes her eyes to his gaze. Ren follows a moment later and his hands fall away from her as they both struggle to catch their breath. She slowly slides off of him and snuggles down into the mattress. He reaches for her and she pushes his hand away. He knows cuddling is forbidden yet he tries for it every time. She has no patience for his needs. This is his penance. Rey exhales loudly and climbs out of bed to pad into the bathroom to clean up. When she emerges she is fully dressed, her hands tying up her hair. “You don't have to go,” he says quietly. Rey ignores the pleading laced in his request and shoots him a withering look. “You haven't given me a reason to stay,” she responds before slipping into her coat. She wills herself to leave his apartment, to go to her speeder outside and to head back to her rooms in the Resistance’s official complex in Coruscant. Ren has an apartment in the shadows of the former Imperial palace-small and serviceable. It is a short drive away, one she's done frequently, always returning to her bed until she is a common haunt on the midnight trafficways. She feels tears gather behind her eyes as she directs her speeder into a lane, the image of Ren propped against the headboard, sadness enveloping him, eroding the pleasure still coursing through her body. She curses him then. She's been with different lovers since their time together-she had a date tomorrow night-but her body longed for him. No one had pushed her to the heights she achieved with him and she found herself faking it with hollow cries before ending the night at Ren’s. He knew she had been with someone else but still kissed her desperately, murmuring against her skin that she was the most beautiful woman to grace the galaxy, her mind so incredibly intelligent, how he wanted to spend his days with her. She had cried afterward and he tried to comfort her. She sealed herself into his shower and spent the day wrapping herself in the lingering smell of his pine scented soap still on her skin. She wishes she knew what to do, where her future lead but the next night she found her feet pulling her toward his door and once again he lets her in. She is an addict and he is the only thing she craves. This is the last time, she promises herself before she strips off her shirt and takes his mouth in hers. Notes: Small preview for redemption story, no title yet: Kylo Ren knows three things to be true: 1--he's going on trial for war crimes and he won't emerge alive 2--Rey is his, whether she will admit or not, and he will do whatever he can to be what she needs him to be 3--General Hux is alive, gathering forces on the fringes, and Ren will be damned if he lets him succeed. Which is how Kylo Ren finds himself heading into the bowels of Courscant to find a ship and a bounty hunter to take him to Outer Rim to prevent Hux from ever drawing another breath again. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Reclamation & Strife series Next Work →