They don't know, but she thinks General Organa suspects. If she does, she doesn't say anything and instead, offered the knowledge she'd gained from her own experience as comfort. Rey appreciated it most when she'd find herself vomiting three to five times an hour, or the mornings in which she'd wake up too exhausted to breathe. When her condition made itself known to anyone who dared to steal a second glance, she'd been desperate to tell someone. To divulge the truth and dispel the assumptions that midi-chlorians had been the culprit. As it was, the truth was far more problematic than any member of the Galactic Resistance could've anticipated. Rey herself could scarcely believe it. She didn't recall that night, at least not at first and then not entirely altogether. It would return to her in snippets as she slept. She'd dream in portions of hushed cries of rapture and inconceivable tenderness. It should disgust her; revolt and frighten her. And yet, she couldn't say the visions had been at all like any nightmare she'd experienced. Each night, she would watch as he'd come to her and tend to her needs in all the ways a lover should. That night, he had abandoned the facade of Kylo Ren at the door and came to her as the man he would've been - as Ben Solo. The idea itself was impossible but when she woke, she'd find the undeniable proof moving around inside of her. If this was a creation of evil, then why came the feeling of complete and utter peace? There was such light within her and she could only take credit for half of it. He'd given her a child, a beautiful boy with her freckles and his hair. Leia has been there of course. At her side and eager to offer what more comfort she could amidst the agony of childbirth. It certainly proved to be a most trying and difficult experience for Rey and she knew his incessant pleas across the void didn't help matters either. He had likely sensed her distress upon probing the oblivion he would so often frequent since their separation. She wanted to tell him; to thank him for giving her a family she couldn't remember having. She often felt that he too, like his mother, suspected. Should he ever ask, she would tell him. But he didn't and so she wouldn't. At last, with one more push and a final strangled lament, it was over. A shrill, reedy wail pierced the air and suddenly, there it was – there he was. He cried with all the intensity that was humanly possible, mimicking that of both his mother and grandmother. Rey reached for the baby and held him close. With a gentle kiss to his forehead, she whispered, "I hope your soul is quieter than ours." She speaks for both herself and for Ben. It was wrong to hope for such a thing, she realised. Rey knew little of the Force but what she did know was enough to tell her that it was unlikely a child born of two Force-sensitives would be denied the same trait. The child would feel the conspicuous urge; that relentless itch regardless of how seldom he paid heed to it. It would scratch and ache and burn until he could ignore it no longer. It could very well tear him apart, as it had done with his father and great-grandfather before him. It was quite simply a reality that Rey was unwilling to recognise. Her child would suffer and she would harbour only a false hope that he could be spared. Her friend, Finn doesn't understand her grievances with the Force or the possibility that her son could be strong with it. "You don't understand." She'd told him as much. There was no sense in trying. Finn scoffed in response. "And he did?!" He hadn't been referring the sleeping baby in her arms. No, he meant his father. Apparently the ex-stormtrooper still held a grudge against Ren. Although it wasn't unreasonable to maintain such hatred toward him, Rey didn't particularly revel in the judgment Finn had been intent on directing at her. It was, quite frankly, none of his business and she needn't explain anything to him. She'd heard his thoughts and wanted for nothing but to be left to her own. Despite this, however, she felt compelled to defend Ren for the little she prized in him. "He does." And there was absolutely no need to spite him for it. Upon this subtle revelation that she hasn't severed contact, as it were, with Ren, Finn neglected to voice anything further on the matter. If indeed, he said anything at all to Rey after that. Eventually, when it came time to embark on the quest to pursue Luke, Rey had to leave her child with his grandmother. She didn't want to leave but she knew it was imperative for the sake of her son. Luke was the only one with both the knowledge and ability to teach the child to seek out and embrace the light. She too would appreciate such lessons. The Maker only knows how she struggled with it. The boy was barely six months old but was already very sensitive to the absence of his mother. His disappointment coupled with hers in that void she'd, until now, shared only with his father. It was a despondency that was tempered with the daily promise of return. It lulled him to sleep at night when her voice could not. Rey often wondered just what it was that allowed her the opportunity to rest if it wasn't her baby's distant slumber. She thinks she knows but she wouldn't admit it. "I will see you again." Ren claims from across the galaxy, in another system. It's a promise much like her own. It bore a familiar weight of conviction and Rey has to wonder whether he would be able to keep it and, worse still, if she wanted him to. What could possibly come of that? Was it simply a threat from an enemy and she was missing the point entirely? Would she dare to assume that, upon seeing his child, he may renounce the dark side and return to the light to join his family? No. She suffered no delusions in regards to her fanciful hopes. That's all they were, really - far-fetched longings and unrealistic fairytales. In time, she would be forced to accept the truth that was their union and the legacy born from it. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Grey series Next Work →