The hum of any ship is constant, and it its best moments, it is reassurance, comfort, safety. But unlike the cold rock where he finished his boyhood and killed Ben Organa, the ship’s sound is one that beckons of home, of him and her, and the Wookie, and that idiot droid, all piled into a ship that barely ran as if there was no better in the galaxy. And there was no better in the galaxy, surely. At four years old, plump bare feet slapping against the cold floors of the Millennium Falcon, the ship had seemed like the biggest, safest place in the universe, even when arguably, it was a death trap, and there was constantly someone on its trail. One of the caveats of being a child, is that it can be hard to see the bad in things. This is of course, also one of the best things about being a child. There was snow falling, and through his one eye (the one not yet filled with blood) Kylo Ren could see only a sliver of black over white, the darkened sky, and the white snow, and through his nostrils the air was biting cold and metal-tainted. Blood on the snow, burnt air from where the lightsabers had clashed. The ground shook underneath and Kylo cursed how familiar it felt. Like the ship shaking as they hurtled through hyperspace. He let his one eye slide closed, struggling again to pull a full breath into his lungs. The first day he had met General Hux he’d gazed through the helmet into cold green eyes, and imagined a mind just as sharp and bitter as the face before it. And he was right, and wrong at the same time. Hux was everything that Kylo Ren wasn’t, and waves of disdain practically spilled off him at every moment they were forced to speak. If Hux was order, it was obvious that Kylo was chaos, and yet. And yet, sometimes there was a kind of serenity that would come over Kylo, on the bridge or alone somewhere on the base, not an assurance that he was in the right place, or that he had made the right decision, not a release from the pull of the light. Simply the knowledge that there was no return. That once something is dead, it dies forever. That although, in the cold, it had felt like his arm would never move, something had shifted his hands upwards. And once there was blood on his hands, he could at least be assured it would never be off. He could have that. And then there were nights instead where the hum of the ship was too piercing, where it echoed too keenly the lullaby of the Falcon, and he could not close his eyes and not see those off-white panels, the glow of the lights. He would sit on the floor somewhere with his face pressed against the cold wall, and try to shut out—tear apart the memories. Warm hand on his back. A kiss pressed to his cheek. Laughter. Sometimes, when he could not block them out, Kylo would put his mask back on, march down the halls as if he had somewhere to go. It was how he ran into Hux, leaning against a wall with his arms folded. He’d thought to stride right past, and then reconsidered. It was too odd a sight, Hux, his jacket only half-buttoned, leaned up against the wall as if he were waiting for a transport in a station on some moon. There was something absurdly casual about the whole picture that seemed impossible. “What are you doing here, General?” Kylo Ren had asked. Hux raised an eyebrow, as if to return the question. But then he dropped his arms to his sides. “Nothing. The heat in my quarters is malfunctioning, it hasn’t been on for hours. But I suspect the repair droid got lost somewhere along the way.” He turned as if to enter the room, and Kylo, ever impulsive, reached out where perhaps he shouldn’t have. Slipping into a mind was too easy, and the order, the bitter sharpness of Hux’s mind was always oddly compelling to him. Maybe because it seemed to so well represent their mission for the galaxy. Maybe because it stood in such stark contrast to everything that his infant years had been. Now, slipping in, he sensed something that was so familiar as to seem almost invisible. “Wait,” he blurted out, voice lower, thicker than he meant it to be. Hux waited. Loneliness. Just under the surface. An aching, all encompassing loneliness. Even though they stood just outside the door, through Hux’s mind’s eye he could see into the general’s chambers, see the massive window that spilled in the void, and he could feel how it tormented him, the high walls of the rooms, the shining floors, and how, at every cell of his body, in the core of his self, Hux ached to be touched. He moved without really meaning to, because when you play the part of chaos, it plays you right back. And Kylo’s hand was on Hux’s shoulder. It was nearly comical the way Hux’s eyes darted down to take in the sight of the offending appendage. “Please, wait,” Kylo said, the imploring words feeling oddly foreign in his mouth. Instead, Hux shook him off, opened the door and walked through. Kylo returned to his own quarters. They did not speak during work hours. And then, during the night, Kylo set out again, meaning to walk anywhere but the hallway of Hux’s room. His feet, treacherously, brought him right back to where he had stood the night before. And Hux was there, looking almost suspiciously identical to the way he had the night before. Jacket half-undone, arms folded. As if he were waiting. But this time, Kylo expected it wasn’t the repair droid he was anticipating. At his approach, Hux entered the room as if he hadn’t even seen Kylo. But once they were inside, and the door was closed, he walked over to the window and sighed, sagging as if some invisible string holding him up had been cut. “Are you going to just stare at me with that bucket on your head for the rest of the night?” he asked. Kylo took it off. When Hux turned to see him, his expression was impassive, unreadable. Kylo was tempted to reach in for an answer, but something compelled him not to. Something in his hands shook. Maybe it was the room. It really was cold. The ship’s noise, an ever constant sound that dragged Kylo back towards his childhood, seemed to fade out as they lay there, replaced with the even tone of Hux’s breathing. Even his lungs moved with order, in controlled motions. Kylo clung to him as if he were a lifeline, and Hux clung back, with steady hands, silently. They didn’t talk about it during working hours. They didn’t talk about it all. It seemed to merit no discussion. In the snow, eyes still closed, Kylo wondered what they would have said if they had. He didn’t think Hux would ever have admitted that he needed to be touched. He didn’t think that he himself would ever have admitted that he wanted to be held. His body had stopped shivering against the cold. It overwhelmed him, flowed through him like water down his back. Like the water that had dripped from the ceiling to wear a single stain into the cot Ben Organa had slept on. The weight of his lightsaber in his hands felt like a planet. The mere touch of the metal seemed to scald his fingers. Ben stared through the empty window-hole of the cold stone building and imagined for the first time, what it would be like to kill someone who had raised him. Not the action of it, not the motion of sword-through-chest, but the feeling . He wondered if he could become hard enough that it would not touch him. That it would slide off his back like nothing, roll away like sand over rock. Snoke would convince him, further on, that he could. On the snow, with blood pooling in his mouth, source unknown, it came home to rest. He could not. He wanted to close his eyes against Han Solo’s face. Ben Organa’s Father’s face. His father’s face. But they were already shut. So he opened them instead. And distant, but approaching, he could see lights that he knew without hesitation belonged to General Hux’s ship. Notes: I was going to name this fic Birth of Serpents, because it was originally going to be a fic from Hux's perspective, and the line "See that young man/ That dwells inside his body like an uninvited guest" really made me think of Kylo, but not from his own PoV, because that would be a weird thing to think about yourself. In the end, I wrote a sort of different thing, so I didn't think the title would fit anymore. Also, I really dig the idea of Han and Leia giving their kid Leia's last name, so. Fight me I guess.