“Come here Finn,” Poe laughed and pulled him into a hug. They had just finished a mission successfully, and it seems like all of their troubles had vanished when that last ship had been blown out of the sky. The First Order was still a problem, but they didn’t have to worry about that for now. Tonight would be all about celebration. Poe pulled away so that he could take off his helmet and shook his wavy, messy locks. Finn caught himself staring and Poe winked. “Like what you see, huh?” Finn felt his face heat up. “Yeah,” he whispered and smiled. Poe grinned toothily and took his friend’s hand gently. “I like what I see too,” he said, licking his lips absentmindedly and looking Finn in the eye. Finn’s face was burning and he felt like every nerve had doubled its sensitivity, because he could feel his clothing against his skin, and how warm he felt, and how Poe’s smooth hand felt against his. Poe stepped close to him and stood so they were almost chest-to-chest. “If you like it, I can show you more.” Poe winked and Finn couldn’t help but reach out and put his hand on the other man’s face gently, running his finger along his cheek. He then smirked and leaned in and whispered in his ear, their cheeks barely touching, “What if I don’t want to just look?” “Then follow me.” // Poe lay back on the bed, wiping the sweat off of his forehead and looking over at Finn, who now had his arms wrapped tightly around Poe, fighting to keep his eyes open. “You need a nap, baby?” he whispered, and positioned himself so that Finn could rest his head on his chest. Finn smiled and pressed up against Poe, pressing soft kisses to his chest and resting his head gently in the crook of Poe’s shoulder. “You’re a nice pillow, you know that?” Finn smiled, “Poe-low. Pill-poe.” Poe laughed and pulled Finn closer. “You’re silly,” he said, pressing a kiss to the top of Finn’s head. “Get some rest, honey. We’ve got another big day tomorrow.” Finn closed his eyes and Poe ran his fingers through Finn’s hair, smiling to himself. If he knew anything, he knew that he would never forget this moment. // “We have received information that the First Order is in possession of technology that will allow those who can wield the Force to wipe the memories of their captives and can turn even the most loyal of our soldiers into Stormtroopers. Your role in this mission is simple: destroy the technology they have onboard their ship and rescue the captives. Do not get captured at any cost.” Finn looked over at Poe and saw his jaw clenched. He was clearly remembering his own run-in with Kylo Ren and the Force. He never talked about it, but the nightmares clearly plagued him, as they had last night. He reached out and grasped his lover’s hand. Finn was going to destroy the First Order and everyone within it, and he would enjoy doing it for what they did to Poe. “It’s going to be okay. I won’t let them take you.” // Finn felt himself move like glass as Poe’s X-Wing was shot out of the sky. He watched in horror as the wrecked ship spiraled out of control. He heard crackling over the com and heard Poe’s voice one last time. “Finn, buddy, I won’t ever forget you, Finn I-” his voice was cut off and Finn screamed and kicked out. He watched in horror as an enemy cruiser collected the ruins of Poe’s ruined X-Wing with him inside and pulled him inside the First Order’s ship. “No! Poe! Poe I’m so sorry! I promised! God, I kriffing promised!” he screamed, feeling hot tears run down his face. He bent over the controls and sobbed uncontrollably. “...love you. I’m so sorry,” the com crackled before it went silent, and that was the last that Finn ever heard of Poe Dameron. // He had promised himself he would never let himself forget Finn. He owed it to him to never let himself be subjected to their mind wiping. As he sat in his cell, he looked for a way to get out, both literally and metaphorically. He would die before he let them do that to him, and right now, it seemed like that would be a better idea than anything else. He had no way of contacting the resistance, and there was no sympathetic Stormtrooper coming in to save him and sweep him off his feet this time. He shook as he remembered his last encounter with the Force. He remembered Kylo Ren reaching into his brain, and he felt his chest tightening. He felt sick, and he started to shake. He couldn’t endure that again. It would break him. “Submit the captive in cell 2187 for mind conditioning.” No. He saw the Stormtroopers approaching his cell and he panicked as he tried to plan his escape. They slapped a pair of handcuffs on him and he kicked at them. They didn’t feel it through their suits, and he was helpless as he was pulled along into the chamber that held his demise. Kylo Ren was waiting there. He could practically feel his smirk through his helmet. Poe growled as he caught sight of the man. “Oh come on, Ben, take off your kriffing mask.” He was forced into the chair and sat down in front of Kylo Ren and a woman that he did not recognize. “It’s been a while since our last meeting,” Kylo Ren breathed through his mask. “You seem to think that you’ve won over us. Well as you can see from sitting in this chair, that is not the case. Alani, begin the procedure.” He knew that name. She had been training to become a Jedi. Leia had known her. She had gone missing and was presumed dead. Her presence had completely disappeared, even to those who were Force sensitive. He didn’t know if she was a slave or if she had willingly gone to the First Order. “Alani, it’s me, Poe, do you really want to be doing this? Please, what would Leia think of this?” He was desperate and pleading. At the mention of Leia’s name, Alani’s jaw clenched. “I know exactly who you are, Poe Dameron. I have not forgotten you. I requested that you be taken here for mind conditioning instead of being executed so that I could take care of you. Don’t worry. By the time the procedure is done, you will believe in the First Order as well.” “Where’s Finn? Oh wait, you kriffs know him as FN-2187. Where is he? Are you going to submit him for mind conditioning as well?” He growled and felt the panic coming back as she raised her hand and the restraints on the chair tightened. “FN-2187 is to be executed upon his capture.” He gasped and his last conscious thought before the pain overwhelmed and cooked his brain was not my Finn. // “On your knees, traitor,” the Stormtrooper growled, shoving Finn to the ground. Finn put his hands over his head and glared at the monsters before him. He had never dreamed for a second that he would be facing the First Order again, but here he was. They had captured him in his moment of weakness while grieving Poe, and now he was paying dearly for his loss. A Stormtrooper was sent into the room holding a blaster, and Finn embraced his fate. He knew from the moment they had hauled him into that room that he was going to die. What he didn’t know was that the Stormtrooper was ordered to take off his helmet. A familiar head of curly black hair appeared, slightly disheveled from being under the suit, and Finn felt his heart sink. They had Poe now. They had wiped his memories. “Is this the traitor? FN-2187? Because he appears....” Poe paused and chewed his lips, “familiar.” Finn felt his stomach turn and his heart leap. Perhaps Poe would remember him! “Poe, Poe it’s me! It’s Finn!” “I know who you are,” Poe snapped, “you are FN-2187.” “No! My name is Finn, you named me! You gave me your jacket, Poe please remember me! You...you loved me.” Finn broke down in tears and hung his head, unable to meet his lover’s dead, empty eyes. “Those are Resistance lies, don’t believe a word that comes from his mouth.” “He seems so familiar though...” Poe looked down at Finn and creased his brow. “Do we need to submit you for reconditioning?” “No, you don’t. I’ll...I’ll carry out the task.” Poe looked reluctant to do so, and his expression was very confused, but he pulled out the blaster anyway. “I’m sorry, Poe. I couldn’t keep the promise I made to you. Forgive me,” Finn wept as Poe approached him. “I love you,” he sobbed before he felt the cold metal of the blaster against his forehead. Chapter 2 “Pick it up and submit yourself for reconditioning!” the voice barked at him. His hands shook and he bent to replace the blaster in his hand. Finn looked up at him questioningly, tears still flowing down his face. “You gonna do it or not?” Finn whispered. Poe shook even more and his quaking fingers wrapped around the trigger. Finn wanted to close his eyes but he kept them open and his gaze unwavering. Poe met his stare and then looked away out of guilt or fear or some other emotion that Finn couldn’t place in his eyes. “Do it now!” the voice screamed and Poe was struck upside the head. He righted himself and prepared to squeeze the trigger. A grimace spread over his features, and a bead of sweat ran down his face. He growled and got on his knees in front of Finn and pressed the blaster to his head and Finn prepared for death but instead received a whisper in his ear. “Do I know you?” Poe whispered. Finn nodded and whispered back. “We’re friends,” he said, “we’re...lovers.” “How do I know this isn’t a Resistance lie?” he said, his free hand absentmindedly making its way to Finn’s shoulder. “Why am I not dead?” he countered. “Do it right kriffing now or I will end the both of you!” “I’m sorry,” Poe whispered and then took the blaster and fired it against Finn’s forehead. The blaster ricocheted and Finn’s ear’s rang, but nothing came out of it. He wasn’t dead. He fell to the floor anyway and lay there, a sob building in his throat as he registered that Poe had been willing to kill him. “Is he dead?” He felt fingers against his pulse and heard a whisper in his ear that he couldn’t make out. “He’s dead,” Poe said, his voice catching a little. Finn’s heart ached. “Well done PO-9793. Your hesitation requires you to submit yourself for reconditioning, but overall you have done well. Throw the body in the trash compactor.” // PO-9793 couldn’t stop shaking all the way through the pain of reconditioning. He had failed his first task in the First Order. He had been supposed to just kill the man, no questions asked. But he couldn’t shake the familiarity of that face, he couldn’t suppress the urges that he felt upon touching the man, even through the suit. The image of the traitor smiling, shirtless and laughing next to him flashed through his mind, and he clenched his fist. Who the hell was this man? Why did he make PO-9793 so defective? What sort of Resistance lies was he buying into just upon seeing the man’s face? He felt tightness in his throat and he straightened his shoulders and walked down the hallway. He passed the trash compactor chute and thought for a moment about the man alive down there, soon to be crushed to death. He had condemned him to this fate, and he would forever be responsible for it. The image of the man’s beautiful eyes haunted his vision for a second and then were replaced with the empty trash chute before him. He looked around for a moment just to see if there was anyone else in the hallway and then slid himself into the chute and shot down into the trash compactor below. The lights were flashing on and off inside of the trash compactor pit, and the stench was enough to kill a man. He whipped his head around, trying to see where the traitor’s body was. He heard a moan from nearby him and saw a figure standing in the muck on its tip toes, attempting to reach the lever that turned the trash compactor off from the inside. He was too short, however, and he couldn’t do it. PO-9793 recognized the figure and debated for a moment leaving him there to just struggle until the trash compactor inevitably crushed him. He then remembered that he was there too, and it would not please the First Order to have both of them crushed to death down there. “You,” he said, his voice raw, “let me give you a hand with that.” “Poe,” the man turned around and looked at PO-9793. “That’s not my name, my designation is PO-9793. Address me as such or we are not getting out of here.” “You wanna get us both killed because I called you Poe?” “Listen, I don’t know what you’re playing at here, but I need answers. You affected me in a strange way back there, and I need to figure out why you have this effect on me. I need to know what Resistance lies have been put in my brain that have been triggered by your presence, and I need to know why I keep recalling you.” “You’re starting to remember me?” The man, FN-2187 or Finn said, a small smile on his face. “In-in false situations!” PO-9793 hurried to correct himself. “False situations?” Finn furrowed his brow. “You were smiling and next to me in a place I’ve never seen me before and it...affected me. These images won’t stop, and I need you to help me make them stop.” He clutched the sides of his head as though trying to will the thoughts from it. “That really happened,” Finn said gently, “just try to remember it. It’ll come back to you through their programming.” He stepped closer to PO-9793 and put his hand on his shoulder. Even through the suit, the weight of his hand affected him in a way that was very much against protocol. He opened his mouth to say something and then the walls started closing in. “But you aren’t gonna get this resolved if I’m dead!” Finn yelled and ran to the lever. “Give me a hand, please Poe!” The use of the name struck a chord with him, but he nevertheless picked Finn up and he reached the lever. The walls stopped closing in and they both breathed a sigh of relief. He let Finn down and the two of them stood there for a moment, his hands still on Finn from where he’d picked him up. He knew this was against protocol, but he savored the touch as much as he could. For some reason, he...enjoyed it. “Thank you,” Finn breathed. He turned around and PO-9793 kept his hands where they were. The jacket Finn was wearing seemed very familiar, and the sight of it was a comfort to him. He knew Finn smelled like Rancor shit and he barely knew the man, but he did something that was completely against protocol anyway. He pulled Finn close and wrapped his arms around him. Finn’s breath hitched against his ear, and he couldn’t help but want to pull him closer, even despite the smell. The moment ended, and he awkwardly pulled away, shaking his head in a sort of as you were nod. “Well, how are we getting out of here?” Chapter 3 As it turned out, there was an emergency exit for if sanitation workers accidentally fell into the trash chute, as Finn informed him. The two of them escaped through that hatch and managed to climb their way to the showers without being spotted. PO-9793 didn’t know where to hide Finn, the garbage-smelling rogue, without it being known that he was alive. Finn offered to hide in an TIE Fighter, and PO-9793, for some odd reason, decided to go along with it. They spent a moment hiding in the hallway before they deemed it safe to make it towards the hangar. Finn looked PO-9793 up and down and looked as though he wanted to say something but then they heard footsteps and they had to move to find a new hiding place. They continued in this pattern until they reached the hangar. They found an unoccupied fighter and climbed inside. Once inside they locked the doors and shut the windows so that no one could see inside. There were no rations within, so they would need to make their escape within the next 12 hours at least, but they would figure that out. For now, what they needed to do was sleep. “I’m amazed that we managed to get out of there without being caught,” Finn smiled and sat down. It was awfully cramped. “I never got a chance to thank you properly. For saving me. I could have died in that garbage chute. So thank you.” Finn held out his hand, and PO-9793 hesitantly took it. He wrinkled up his nose at the scent of garbage on Finn’s clothing. Finn looked down self-consciously. “I’m sorry,” he laughed and got up. “Here,” PO-9793 said, stripping off his own sweater and pants, down to his shorts and his t-shirt. Finn glowed and took the clothing from PO-9793. “Thank you so much,” Finn said, “you keep helping me,” he smiled. PO-9793 felt butterflies in his stomach and his face heated up as Finn stripped out of his shirt and pants. “You don’t mind, do you?” Finn asked, gesturing down to his body. “No, no,” PO-9793 said, trying not to look at Finn’s sculpted form or how his muscles rippled underneath his skin as he moved. He didn’t understand his fixation on Finn. Perhaps he could get Finn to help him understand it, but the thought seemed like a bad idea. “Is it going to be safe to sleep here? I’m really tired,” Finn said, still half-naked and holding PO-9793’s clothing. “It should be fine, and if not, then we get captured and executed.” PO-9793 shrugged and then chuckled at the absurdity of the situation and then swallowed, noting that Finn was indeed still not wearing a lot of clothing. “Okay. I’m going to use this clothing as a pillow and go to sleep.” Finn smiled and lay down on the floor and bundled up the clothing and put it under his head. PO-9793 practically groaned. Finn could not possibly understand the effect he had on him. So innocent but also so...not. Finn raised his head and looked up at PO-9793. “You can come sleep too if you want.” PO-9793 hesitantly lay down beside the other man, his back turned towards his and tried not to think about how warm he was and how close he was and how he could just reach out and wrap his arms around him. He would not deny how much he wanted to, however, it was extremely against protocol. Granted, pretty much everything he had done that day was against protocol. Cuddling up to Finn wasn’t the worst thing he’d done all day. In fact, it was probably the best. “Poe...” he heard the sleepy murmur. He looked over and saw the sleeping Finn trembling. “Poe, no...” he’d just gone to sleep and already he’d started into a nightmare. “Poe!” He nearly shouted. If Finn wasn’t quiet, they’d alert someone. PO-9793 had to think fast. He gently shook Finn. “Hey, it’s me.” Finn thrashed and sat up and looked around before his eyes fell on PO-9793. “Poe? I thought they took you...” “They did, buddy, but I’m here,” PO-9793 lied hollowly. He wasn’t there, he wasn’t Finn’s Poe, but he was starting to want to be. Something about Finn made being Poe seem worthwhile. Finn wrapped his arms around PO-9793 and sighed. He started to pull away but PO-9793 pulled him back. “Don’t let me go,” PO-9793, no, Poe whispered, and it was a plea to both Finn and to whatever heaven would take him. Finn sobbed a little and pulled him into an even tighter embrace. “Oh god, I am never letting you go.” He squeezed him tight. They fell back to the floor and held each other close, sharing breath and space and heat, hoping that the world would spare them more time together, and eventually they fell asleep entwined in each other’s arms.