In which our hero almost gets strangled by a short-tempered archivist… Elan awoke to the rhythmic beeping of the clock beside her bed. Rubbing her eyes, she sighed as she sat up, brushing the scratchy canvas covers off her legs. Definitely not as luxurious as her bedding back on Denon, but it was better than the tent in the woods her parents had lead her to believe she'd be occupying. Before the next beep sent her careening off the edge of madness, Elan slammed her hand on the device to cease the infernal noise. Willing herself to stand up, she stretched her arms above her head, letting another sigh escape her lips. The last thing she want to do is spend another day sorting through crumbling manuscripts and attempting to decipher her mentor’s notes. Hey, at least she'd become accustomed to the smell of dust and cleaning fluid in the last week. Elan lackadaisically threw the sheets in place on her bed and stuffed her feet in her boots. Her parents had insured her a dorm to herself as well as employment when she arrived at the base, much to her chagrin, but it was a welcome opportunity as new chances to be useful were proving to be few and far between. It was the closest she'd ever come to a compromise with them, anyhow. Although the general consensus was that anyone who worked in archives must have the personality of a womp rat, Elan considered herself to be fairly extroverted when the chips were down. Before her time working on D’Qar, she worked as a legal apprentice in order to follow in her father’s stead as a diplomat. One could have no shortage of social skills when your job is quite literally based on people. She slung her pack over her shoulder and traipsed out the door towards her office. Passing the cantina on the way to her workroom was never a dull experience. Today’s entertainment was provided by a group of soldiers loudly singing a garish tune about a Twi’lek slave girl providing specific, ahem, services to willing participants. Elan couldn't help but smile to herself; it’s not every day she got to see these young men and women celebrating a victory. She fixed herself a cup of sapir tea and grabbed a hunk of sweetmelon for later. Balancing the fruit atop her cup while wiggling her way through the door, she crinkled her nose at the heap of papers sprawled across her desk. Among the documents to sort through where blueprints, severely damaged and barely functioning holobooks, some of which seemed beyond help. She had been collecting information in giant logbooks written by hand as to not be in the way of the researchers paving the way for further Resistance missions. On the top of the precariously stacked pile was a note from her boss, a haggard man who spent much more time weaseling his way behind the scenes with the General than he did actually working. Today, again he casually away from desk duty, leaving a trail of papers for her to finish processing in his stead. She dropped her belongings in the chair opposite her and snatched up the note. It simply read: Interview with Dameron- morning. Elan scoffed. Just days before she’d interviewed Snap Wexley, a charming pilot who could not have been a more pleasant interviewee, as well as Miss Jessika Pava, who had promised she’d take her up in the air sometime to get a real feel for the experience. She had heard tales of the bravado and brash nature of the pilot and had encountered enough of that on Denon to last her a millennia. The last thing she wanted to do was spend her morning with a man, who probably thought himself a gift to the skies, talk about how the mission wouldn’t have succeeded without him. Shoving a piece of the sweetmelon in her mouth, she leaned back in her chair as she fingered through her previous interview notes. The questions seemed so insipid that it felt like a waste to pull the fighters off their respective responsibilities. “Duty takes many forms” , her mentor would state on the rare occasions when they occupied the same space. A knock of the door broke her wavering concentration. A head full of dark curls and a coy smile came into view. “Uh, hi, I’m Poe. Dameron. I’m here for an interview?” “Oh, um, right. Hang on.” She scurried to clear a space for him in the chair across from her. “Sorry about the mess. I’m Elan Caledon.” He stuck out his hand to give hers a hefty shake. “Have a seat, Mr. Dameron.” “Oh geez, it’s not going to be that kind of interview is it?” He asked, plopping down in the vacant chair. “I’m sweating already. It’s just Poe.” “Alright, Poe,” she humored him. “I’ve spoken with two of your fellow pilots-” “Yeah, Snap mentioned that. Good guy, Snap.” He smacked his palm against his knee, his foot bouncing up and down. Was this a hint of nervousness she was seeing? “They’ve given me quite a few details of the mission already. So I was thinking if there wasn’t anything formal you’d like to add-” “I’m free to go?” He quipped with a grin. Elan shook her head. “Sorry, Mr Damer- Poe. It’ll be my head if I don’t get something out of you.” “Well, we can’t have that. Alright then, Miss Caledon. I’m all yours.” She turned to a clean page in her notebook. The first thing she wrote was “cocky”, and underlined it twice. He propped his foot up on the desk in front of him. Elan opened her mouth to immediately protest, obviously engine grease is not exactly the best thing to have around delicate materials, but before she could say a word, his boot tapped her cup of tea, sending the liquid cascading against her notes and an already damaged holobook. “Shit!” Poe sprang to his feet. “Oh man, I am so sorry.” He scrambled to wipe away as much as he could as Elan tried in vain to shake the liquid off the screen but its blue light fizzled and went out almost immediately. How can something survive a siege but can’t handle a little sprinkle of tea? Elan let out an exasperated sound. “I can fix this,” Poe exclaimed as he tried in vain to use his sleeve to carefully mop up the liquid around her notes although she could already see that her weeks’ worth of work would have to be redone. She let out an exasperated moan. Poe glanced at her sheepishly. “I, um. Shit.” He wiped his hands against his flight suit. “I am so sorry,” he repeated. Elan could already tell her boss was going to kill her. Maybe she could avoid confrontation if she killed Dameron herself and blamed it on a rogue Wookiee. “It’s fine,” she replied flatly. She propped her hands on her hips, easily imagining her desk as a warzone. At this point, it may as well have been. She ran her fingers through her hair, scratching her scalp in frustration. Even Poe could see their efforts were in vain and the dissolution of her work laid before them both. She could feel his eyes on her. She was afraid if she looked up at him, she’d want to throttle those dopey brown eyes out of his head. “Should I, uh…” He pointed his thumb behind him in the direction of the door. “Yes.” “I’m sorry again about the-” he ushered to the desk, now accented with audible sounds of tea dripping onto the floor. He slipped out quickly and quietly, leaving Elan with the aftermath of destruction. She cursed under her breath. Great start , she thought to herself. She tossed her notebook in the bin along with the wet cloths that had soaked up the leftover carnage. This was week two of the job, a mere six days after the destruction of Starkiller Base, and the only time she’d spent away from her home planet and her parents in all her twenty-four years. This was not the way she’d intended it to go. With her previous two interviews fresh in her mind, she set to work getting down as many details as she could remember. After a few hours, a friendly face poked her head in: Raissa Lara, the first person Elan met when she arrived on D’Qar. The two had become fast friends and she was a welcome distraction from the mountain of work to conquer. “Geez, what happened here?” Raissa quipped. “Poe Dameron happened.” “Damn, he works fast doesn’t he? No time for romance, just sweep everything off the desk and get down to it.” She elbowed Elan slightly and handed her an oversized pastry she’d swiped before her visit. “Ha. Ha.” Chapter 2 : In which our hero gets a second chance. Summary: Elan gives Poe another shot after chatting with Snap and learns a little more about Mr. Dameron in the process. Notes: I'm resisting the urge to write the good stuff first, but transition is important, I suppose. Raissa convinced Elan to cut out of the office for an early lunch due to “unforeseen trauma”. Elan obliged without much of fight. The cantina had quieted down exponentially from this morning with just a dozen or so people sprinkled throughout the hall. The girls chose a spot close to the exit in case Elan spotted her supervisor and had to make a quick exit. Raissa regaled her with tales from the command center where she was working as a technician in charge of the pilot communicators over lunch, often finding humor in the most mundane situations. Elan respected that about her. “We can hear everything down there. I mean everything . Even with recon missions that aren’t necessarily detrimental to the cause, those comms are always running.” Raissa downed her drink. “I’ll let you know if your name comes up.” Elan chuckled. “Please do. I’m sure I’m a hot commodity.” “Hey, not everyone came from wealth around here, E. It’s nice to see things from the other side at times.” Elan eyed her friend; Tall, slender; a wealth of dark, tight ringlets framing her mocha complexion. She was slight in comparison and almost a foot shorter. Her own flaxen hair hadn’t seen a good brushing since her time on D’Qar. Having regular up-dos had been almost mandatory since she was seventeen. Elan lifted her head as she heard her name called from across the hall. “Hey, Elan!” It was Snap Wexley. He waved as he spanned the room, joining them at their table. His cheerful smile was a welcome surprise. “Hey, what'd you do to Poe? I passed him in the hall after your interview and he had a thousand-yard stare going on. Re-open some old wounds?” Elan scoffed. “More like he opened some new ones of mine. He knocked over my tea all over my desk. And work.” Snap winced. “Yeah, there’s a reason he’s usually with just his BB unit,” Snap laughed heartily. "Poor guy." Raissa offered a sympathetic smile. She knew how much Elan’s work meant to her. “And I though his ego was enough for the both of them,” she retorted. Snap smiled in response, but it was short-lived. “That’s not him all the time, y’know. Poe’s a decent guy. He’s good at what he does. And a good leader.” Elan shrugged. “I guess we just didn’t get off on the right foot.” Raissa nudged her. “Give him a chance, E. You know he’s the reason we’re still breathing.” Snap cleared his throat. “ One of the reasons,” Elan corrected. ---- After a break filled with some much needed laughs, Elan trudged back to her office. To her surprise, there was a brown paper wrapped parcel waiting her for on her desk. Letting out a curious hum, she scooped it up and unwrapped it. Inside, there was a yellow notebook that looked like the ones the soldiers would often have shoved in the pockets of their flight suits. She flipped through it with a smirk and noticed there was something scrawled in the inside cover. This is a military-issue field notebook. It’s waterproof. Sorry again. –PD Even she had to admit it was a charming gesture. As if on cue, there was a timid knock on the door. “Mr. Dameron.” “Miss Caledon,” the pilot responded demurely as he stepped inside the room. “Thank you for this.” She lifted up the logbook. “You didn’t have to.” “Hey, I like to own up to my mistakes.” He stepped into the workroom. “Should we try for round two? I promise to keep my feet firmly on the ground.” “I’m actually about to head back to my dorm for the evening.” Poe’s gaze dropped to the floor. She knew shouldn’t feel guilty for honesty, but somehow she still did. “This is waterproof, huh?” She held up the book. Poe nodded. “I guess you could call it Poe-proof,” he responded with a grin, rubbed the back of his neck with his fingers. Elan eyed the calendar on her desk. “How about tomorrow morning, then? An exclusive?” He held out his hand. “You’ve got yourself a deal. I promise not to disappoint. I have a lot to make up for. I really am sorry for-” “You can stop apologizing, now.” She shook his hand. His fingers encased hers effortlessly. “Sorry- uh, okay, fine, I’m not sorry. But it really was an accident. So I’ll see you tomorrow, then?” “Sure.” He beamed at her, a hopeful, gentle smile. She returned it autonomously. Upon his exit, Elan sat back against her seat, her smile still toying at her lips. Upon realizing this, she quickly shook her head. She would not succumb to the pilot’s charms. She knew all too well of his conquests, on and off the battlefield. She refused to become another notch in his bedpost. --- After a good night’s sleep, Elan made her way to her office yet again, this time clearing off all her papers and holobooks, just to be safe. She wasn’t sure just what time he’d be arriving, but she thought she’d make the office presentable just in case. She had received a comm message already that her mentor had been sent away to retrieve sensitive documents deemed necessary to the Resistance from the General, (Elan assumed this was the only way General Organa could get him out from under her skin) so it would just be the two of them. “The plucky young journalist still looking for a scoop?” Elen looked up to see Raissa miming a notebook and pencil. “I’ve got a rematch with Poe this morning. You’ll have to be a gossip monger another time,” she laughed. “Gossip? Me? I never.” Raissa mocked being offended in a dramatic gesture. “Excuse me.” A hand reached out to Raissa’s shoulder, edging around her. “I’m I too early? I can come back,” Poe inquired as he stepped inside. He had the top have of his flight suit unbuttoned and secured around his waist, exposing a cream colored thermal shirt beneath, speckled with black oil stains. “Not at all, I was just leaving.” Raissa cocked at eyebrow at Elan. “Catch you at the cantina, E.” Poe sat down gently in the empty seat. “Friends of yours?” “Yes. Not all archivists are completely hopeless when it comes to social situations.” Poe held up his hands. “I meant no offense. I haven’t met too many people outside of the squadron recently, honestly.” Elan pulled out her pen and opened the new notebook to the first blank page. “So, Poe, how long have you been a pilot?” “Right down to it, huh?" He crossed his arms around his chest. "Okay, I learned to fly when I was six.” Elan looked up. “Six? You were just a kid." Poe grinned. “Not too many mother options back on Yavin 4. An old A-wing. My mother’s.” “Where you close?” “Sort of.” His voice trailed off. “She died when I was eight.” Elan put down her pen. “Oh… I’m really sorry, Poe.” The lack of formal training with in-person interviews meant that tact would have to an acquired skill. Something that was already not her forte. One side of his mouth twisted into a hint of a smile. “And I thought journalists did have a heart.” “I’m an archivist , Dameron.” “Whatever you say, Miss Caledon. Caledon," he repeated. "That name sounds familiar. Any pilots in your family?” Elan snorted. “Not likely. Not too many pilots on Denon.” Poe whistled dramatically. “Denon? Geez, what are you doing on this shithole? Sorry.” “Maybe I didn’t want to be another politician with sand between my ears? If that’s so shocking.” “No need to be on the defensive. I just didn’t think most people would give up the comforts of home to be out here. It’s admirable.” “I wish I could do more,” she admitted. She caught his eye. His face had a warm expression on it and he appeared to be following her words carefully. "You could always become a pilot. With a little training, you might not be half bad at it." "Oh no," she retorted promptly. "I'm not a fan of flying." Poe put a hand over his heart. "This will never work then, I'm sorry." "I'll learn to get over it." "Hey, you ever seen an X-wing up close?" Elan looked up at him curiously. "Not that I'm aware... Should I?" "How are you going to write about something you've never seen?" "Well, my focus is on the pilots themselves. I don't think it's really relevant..." Poe leaned forwards towards her. "Well, this one helped take down Starkiller Base. I guess you could say it's a quintessential piece of history." He beamed at her. She eyed him carefully. He did have a point. Dammit. "Fine," she sighed. "When?" "Now," he replied. Chapter 3 : In which our hero experiences more than what he bargained for... Summary: Poe and Elan learn a little more about each other. Elan learns very quickly about boundaries. Notes: There's actually going to be two updates within one day today! I thought about waiting to post until they were both ready but knowing how impatient I am with fics I'm following, I just couldn't do that to my two loyal followers. (Teehee.) The hangar was as lively and jovial she could have expected. Almost the entire squadron were there, working on their respective Starfighters, apart from a few pilots running drills. One pilot had music blaring from a datapad where he was working and a few others had joined in singing the melody. Poe greeted everyone he saw warmly. It was obvious the young pilots looked up to him. Elan followed closely on his heels. She was entirely out of her depths among the greasy, sweaty bunch and she was more afraid of being underfoot than of the machinery surrounding her. “There she is.” Poe raised his hands up to a black and orange vessel in front of them. “Gorgeous, right?” Elan observed him carefully, amused by his passion. To her it looked like any other dirty old fighter. “Four ion engines, laser cannons, blaster torpedoes,” ushering to each part. He tucked his bottom lip under his teeth. “Of course, some custom additions from yours truly.” He looked over at her as if she should be impressed. “Um, yeah. Its- she’s- a real beauty.” “Here,” he ushered for her to join him beside the access ladder. “C’mon.” “Come on, what…” “Hop in!” Poe grinned at her. Elan laughed. “You’re joking. I am not cramming myself in there.” She stepped back from the madman. “Don’t be like that, Princess of Denon.” He mocked a deep bow. “You would honor this humble Resistance Fighter by blessing his vessel with your presence.” Elan glared at him. “Fine,” She spat, brushing past him. She worked her way up the ladder and awkwardly clambered into the pilot’s seat. Poe climbed up after her, resting against the top of the ladder by the cockpit. “Put your hands here.” He took her hand, resting it on the steering column. She instinctively put her thumb on the red button at the top of it. “Now whatever you do- DON’T TOUCH THAT!” Poe yelled quickly. Elan jumped back, releasing the column as if it had turned molten under her touch. “What?!” Poe erupted with laughter. Tears formed in his eyes as he cackled. “Poe, what??” “Whew, I’m sorry, kid. I was just joking.” Elan scowled, debating whether a right hook or an uppercut would be better from her angle. “Alright, back up, hotshot. Let me out of this deathtrap,” she stammered. “Deathtrap? Let’s not be cruel.” Once safely back on the ground, Elan crossed her arms tightly. “The hell was that?” Poe hopped down to join her. “C’mon that was funny and you know it. Man, you must really hate flying." Elan shoot him a foul look and started to walk backwards away from him when her foot hit something hard. She tipped backwards, landing flat on her ass. “Woah, buddy, are you okay?” Poe exclaimed. Elan groaned. “Yeah, just a little-” She stopped. He wasn’t talking to her. Poe was bent down on one knee next to a round orange and white droid, the object Elan had tripped over. She propped herself up on her palms, blowing a strand of hair out of her face. Poe carefully looked over the droid, who chirped and whistled at the attention. “No harm done, buddy.” He looked over at Elan, who was currently glowering at him yet again. “Your face could get stuck like that you know.” He gripped her hands and pulled her to her feet. “And you should watch your step. Just some free advice for you.” The droid rolled over to Elan and beeped up at her. “This is BB-8.” Elan looked down at it. “Nice to meet you. Sorry about the rough landing.” BB-8 let out a sound she could only interpret as friendly. Poe beamed down at the little droid. She couldn’t help but feel like Poe was looking at the machine like a proud father would. It was pretty endearing, she grudgingly admitted to herself. She hadn’t noticed until that moment Poe’s hand was still lingering on her her after he had helped her up. His hand felt large and rough, he had certainly earned that, but his grip was gentle. The lingering touch was unexpected and not entirely unpleasant considering she was ready to clock him just moments before. “Well, Miss Caledon, what do you say to a cup of tea? Sapir, right? I owe you at that at least. Hell, I owe you two after scaring the pants off you up there.” He offered an optimistic smile. “If I say yes, can I get an actual interview out of you, Dameron?” He slid his hand up her arm and gripped her shoulder. “You have me the rest of the day, kid.” Elan nodded. “Okay. But stop calling me ‘kid’ if you value your life.” He draped his arm around her. “The Resistance will not be intimidated,” he whispered with a smirk. ------- After her cup was safely away from Poe's reach on her desk, she set up her station for the interview. “Okay,” she began. “Now I guess we can meet the man behind the machine.” She allowed herself to give him a small smile, which he returned. “Actually, I was hoping to know more about you, Princess. Just to level the playing field.” Elan sighed. Call me Princess one more time … she thought to herself. “Fair enough. What do you want to know?” Poe hummed and mimed putting on a pair of spectacles. “Let’s see…” He seemed all too amused with himself. “Alright, I’ll start with something easy: When did you know you wanted to be part of the Resistance?” Elan was surprised by the lack of superficiality of the question and had to think a moment about her answer. She was expecting something more along the lines of “when did you lose your virginity”. In fact, that would have been a much easier answer, had he been interested. “I guess I always wanted to do something more than politics. People were dying for what they believed in. Even worse, people were be killed for it. I couldn’t sit around and watch it happen, pretending it had nothing to do with me.” Poe looked at her for a long time. He opened his mouth to to begin to say something a few times but thought better of it. He dropped his gaze from her eyes to the floor. Elan found herself slightly taken aback by the gesture and stiffened in her seat. “That’s a good answer, Elan,” he said finally. “I’m impressed.” “Well, you’d be the only one.” She allowed herself to relax slightly, sitting back in her seat. “Mom and dad not too happy with the decision, huh?” Elan shook her head harshly. “That’s an understatement. It’s much safer on the other side of conflict.” “I dunno, I feel like being around politicians would be a lot more hazardous to your health.” “Of course I’m not facing down the First Order. The stories I’ve heard are beyond atrocious.” “Yeah…” Poe trailed off again. His eyes became dark, distant. “Poe?” “Sorry.” He shook his head and exhaled through his teeth. He cleared his throat, looking slightly embarrassed, and rubbing his hands together. “Where you captured?” “Yeah, I was.” “I didn’t know, I’m so sorry.” “Hey, sometimes getting to stare the enemy in the eye can do wonders for your work ethic. Well, ‘eye’ meaning figuratively. I never saw his face.” Elan sat forward quickly. “Holy shit... Ren?” “Shit. I thought you knew that,” he said quietly. “What was it like?” Poe made a sarcastic utterance. “It was a real joy, let me tell you.” “Poe, come on, this is huge. You actually met Kylo Ren.” She got up from her chair and moved to the other side of the desk beside him, her curiosity getting the better of her. She leaned in close to him. “‘Met’ isn’t exactly the word I’d use.” “Look, Poe, if there’s anything, anything , you can tell me about it…” “Tell you what exactly?” He raised his voice, startling Elan, making her step back from him. He stood up, his brows furrowing deeply. He began to sway on his feet, his eyes fixed on the floor. “Tell you it felt like my skull was being split in two? That it was the worst pain I’ve ever felt? Is that what you want to hear? That'll make for a great fucking story.” The volume of his voice went up with every statement, but he locked eyes with her at the last sentence. They were unforgiving. Furious. “Poe, I’m-” Shit. Without saying another word, he turned on his heels and stormed out of the room. Elan leaned back against her desk. Against her will, her eyes began welling with tears. Of course being tortured while being a captive of war isn't something to bring up lightly. Who was she to think she was entitled to that information? It was no wonder he had already began thinking of her like a common journalist. She began to question whether she was better than that at all herself. Guilt sat in her chest like a ton of metal. " Well you really fucked that one up, E" she could already hear in Raissa’s voice. Chapter 4 : In which our hero has a rough night... Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Every time she thought of the exchange with Poe, a lump formed in her throat. It occurred to her that she couldn’t remember the last time she’d cried. Leave it to a man in uniform . She also couldn’t recall the last time she’d felt like utter shit. Elan opted to skip dinner service and went directly back to her dorm. Once back in in the confines her room, she kicked off her shoes and tossed her bag on the couch. She eyed the unopened bottle of Corellian wine her parents had sent along with her belongings, which looked like a very welcoming evening companion. Nothing like ending a shit day by getting shit-faced. A long shower was in order. She stripped off her tunic and leggings and stepped into a piping hot shower. The water stream was sporadic, again nothing like her rain shower back home, but it did the trick as she could feel the tension lessening under her skin. At this point, she could hop on the next shuttle and be done with the whole crazy notion that she could actually do something other than what she’d known her entire life. I could just marry a senator, move to Coruscant- hell maybe even Nar Shaddaa, become a crime lord . These thoughts were amusing but this perfunctory train of thought was one that got her through her mundane schedule the past few years. The water sputtered against her back and its temperature began to quickly drop. Elan grumbled and stepped out, already feeling colder than when she went in. Shivering, she pulled on her robe. She was still toweling off her hair when she heard two harsh knocks at the door. Not wanting to hear Raissa scold her over yet another muck-up, she settled into her favorite spot on the couch, reaching for the welcoming bottle. She was just starting to wrestle with the cork when another obnoxious knock happened. Elan cursed loudly to herself. “What?” she called out. “It’s me,” a male voice replied. “Who the hell is ‘me’?” “Poe. Expecting some other rakish r-renegade?” he stuttered. “...Are you drunk?” She stomped over to the door and slid open the peephole. A very disheveled Dameron stood in her doorway. “Maaaybe.” “Go to bed, Dameron.” “I’m here to apologize, Elan. C'mon.” She rolled her eyes and swung open the metal door. “What the hell do you have to apologize for?” Poe was about to answer when a bewildered look came over his face. “W-why are you wet?” He reached out and twirled a strand of her hair around his finger. “Because I took a shower,” she retorted, swatting him away. “Come in, then.” Poe staggered in after her offer. “Listen," she began as she shut the door more harshly than intended. "I really had no business bringing… that up. I was out of line. I’m sorry.” Whew. Above all else, Elan hated apologizing, even when she was blatantly at fault. It was a fatal flaw of hers she was all-too aware of. He looked up at her timidly, tipping his head to the side. “You’re apologizing to me?” “That’s generally what ‘I’m sorry’ means.” “No, no. I shouldn’t have yelled at you. That was, that was mean. I’m sorry.” He bumped into the side table beside the couch, nearly toppling over himself. Elan stepped forward and gripped his arm. “Sit down. I don’t need you passing out on me.” His eyes were bloodshot and his cheeks had a definite pinkish tint to them. He looked up at her from under his thick lashes. “You don’t have to be so nice to me,” he grumbled, plopping down hard on the couch. “I’m not nice to you.” She propped up a pillow behind his head. “Do you need a glass of water?” He shook his head. Elan got one anyway. “Here.” She set the glass down on the table and took the spot next to him on the couch. “Honestly, this could’ve waited until tomorrow.” “I finish what I start, Princess. Sorry. You hate that.” Elan chuckled. “I’ve been called worse. Poe, look.” She turned to him. “What happened to you… I should not tried to make you talk about it. It was selfish. I’d have been pissed at me too.” “You didn’t know.” He rested his head against the pillow. He blinked a few times before angling his head to face her. He smiled weakly. His eyes looked exhausted. “So, the squad pay the tab tonight?” “Um. Nah… It was, uh, just me.” “You did all this by yourself?” An embarrassed nod was his response. Elen frowned. “How did you know where my room was?” “Oh, I saw your friend in the mess hall. The one with the hair.” He waved his hand around his head. She should’ve known. “Raissa.” “She called you ‘E’. I like that.” “I like it better than Princess.” She elbowed him lightly. “I really am sorry I was a bitch to you today. I feel like I’ve done nothing but fuck things up since I’ve been here.” She leaned back in the couch, her shoulder resting against his. It was the first time she said how she felt out loud. The stark realization was one that hadn’t quite sunk in until this moment. Again, she found herself getting emotional, much to her contempt. She turned her head away to conceal the sudden flood of unwarranted emotion. Dammit . “Hey, now.” Poe leaned in close to her and rested the back of his hand against her leg. “Hey- my first solo flight out of the Academy, I was so,so excited. For weeks, weeks , I’d been planning the exact run I’d make.” He ushered to the ceiling, envisioning the galaxies beyond. “I was so keyed up. I was pulling practice erra-evasive maneuvers left and right- literally. I was spinning out like you wouldn't believe. I wasn’t up there ten minutes before I threw up all over the cockpit.” The words were tumbling out of his mouth in a few barely distinguishable phrases, but she got the gist of the tale. “What?! That’s absolutely disgusting!” “You bet it was. You try completing a barrel roll when you got puke shifting through the compartment.” He made a few exaggerated motions with his hands, adding vile sound effects for emphasis. Elan burst into laughter, doubling back against the couch. Poe didn’t share the laugh, but kept his eyes fixed on her with a wide smile toying at this lips. “I’ve never seen you laugh before.” His eyes were soft and warm, something Elan had never noticed. This was the closest proximity they had been since their meeting. She focused on his face; the warm tone of his skin, minuscule remnants of scars from past battles, day-old stubble adorning his jawline. Her eyes drifted up to meet with his, which were already resting on her face. He was still smiling at her, his index finger gently traced the hem on her sleeve. “Elan,” he started. She didn’t say anything. Don’t screw this up, E. Don’t you dare . He leaned forward ever so slightly. She could smell the earthy scent of alcohol on his breath as well as a clean, masculine scent wafting from him. Not a hint of engine grease which lead her to believe he’d showered before invading her space. Thoughtful. The aura was a pleasant one and she found herself feeling comforted by it as though it stirred up a distant memory. “Elan,” he repeated. “I, um…” “Yes?” “I, uh, I do not think I should have brought up the puke story.” Really, Dameron? Smooth. “Don’t worry about it, it didn’t-” “No, I mean I should not-” He stopped. He quickly glanced over his shoulder in the direction of the bathroom. It was then Elan noticed a slight green tint had began to color his face. “Oh, um, yes. That way.” She nervously nearly shoved him off the couch while he made a hurried beeline for the lavatory. The door was barely closed before she heard him violently retching into the sink. She covered her mouth with her hand, chuckling in a sort of sick amusement. This was certainly not how she imagined he spent the majority of his late-night rendezvouses with women, or men, if the water-cooler rumors where true. Poe groaned loudly. Taking pity on him, Elan meandered to the bathroom. He was hunched over the basin, propping himself up on his forearms, one hand supporting his head. He looked beyond miserable, but a more healthy hue was coming back into his face. She set the glass of water by the sink and patted his shoulder. “I thought you pilots knew how to hold your liquor. Isn’t that what you’re famous for?” she quipped playfully. “I never drink,” he murmured. “This is why.” “Do you need to lie down?” He lifted his head. “I should get back to my own-” he straightened up but immediately wobbled on his feet, grabbing the stone counter for support. “Okay there, hot shot. Come here.” She slipped her arm around his waist for support and flopped his arm around her. She slowly trotted him back to the couch and laid him down gently. Poe was mumbling something under his breath as he propped his feet up on the arms she probably didn’t want to hear. Sighing to herself, Elan grabbed some spare linens out of her wardrobe and shook them out gently while he kicked off his shoes. “Here.” She pulled the covers over him and up to his chest. “Just sleep it off, renegade.” “Now I'm really going to owe you one." Elan shook her head. "I'm sure the rumors will do wonder for my reputation. I've got the best pilot of the Resistance spending the night in my quarters." She winked. Poe smiled at her and ushered to her face. “You have, uh, cool eyes.” She shushed him and pulled a droll face. “Just get some sleep. In the morning-” The aviator was already fast asleep, a look of contentment plastered on his face. She patted his foot on the way back to her bunk. Sliding into the covers, she chortled to herself. If her parents could see her now; a failing glorified note-taker with a drunken starfighter pilot passed out just a few feet away. An abhorrent snore broke her concentration. She lifted her head to view the back of the couch where she could see one of his arms limply hanging over his eyes. The obnoxious sound rumbled again through the usually peaceful dorm. This was going to be a long night. Notes: I have to say, I had this scene in my head so clearly when I first started writing this story. Somehow I don't see a guy who spends most of his time with a droid and a starfighter being much of a heavy drinker. Maybe that's just me having oddly specific headcanons again... (Moi? No...) Chapter 5 : In which our hero almost has enough... Notes: If any of you dear readers are interested, I've been building a playlist based on this tale. You can check it out here: https://open.spotify.com/user/1275190270/playlist/06dPEO4Z0Sr0jtNHmPQq6i This chapter would've been ridiculously long if I hadn't forced myself to come to a good stopping point. There's a good chance you guys'll get TWO chapters today. At least I'm hoping for that. Again, feedback is definitely welcome. I warned you guys about the slow burn. But it's still simmering, I promise ;) I have to say I'm getting pretty tempted to pull a *NOW KISS* but maybe that's a point for the next chapter. Hmm..... “Fuck!” Elan immediately launched herself out of her bunk. The image that greeted her was one of Poe grabbing his foot and grimacing. It appeared he’d slammed into the same table he nearly toppled over the previous evening. Her night’s sleep left quite a bit to be desired as the continued snoring kept jolting her out of her slumber. Poe continued to curse under his breath. “You look like you had a rough night there, buddy.” “Don’t look so amused,” he snorted actively avoiding her eyes as he hopped back to the couch. “Did you really come over here, drunk off your ass, just to apologize to me?” Elan crossed her arms and leaned against the frame of her bunk. He angled his body to face her. “Is that really so hard to believe?” “It’s just different, I guess. It’s not what I would’ve expected. I mean, I don’t see that many guys like you showing up drunk to a girl’s bunk with an apology in their heads without some ulterior motive.” He sprung to his feet, trodding toward her. “You really think that little of me, don’t you?” There was confusion in his voice, and his face was twisted into a curious expression- Hurt? Offense? He was barely a foot away from her, his hands resting on his hips. Elan tried to take a step back but accidently backed against the door frame instead. “So, yeah. I came over here, yes drunk, yes to apologize. I don’t care whether you thought you had to or not, alright? I thought I had to.” He put his hand against his chest. “Maybe if you weren’t so hung up on who you thought I was and start paying attention to the person who’s actually in front of you, you might learn something.” His eyes bored into hers, his jaw clenched, and a scowl shadowed his gaze as he looked down at her. Elan was completely tongue-tied and could only stutter what may have worked up to be an apology, but Poe stepped back with his hands up before she could articulate an actual sentence. He gathered up the linens from the couch and began to fold them over his knee. She stayed with her back against the wall, her legs feeling completely immobile. Tossing the cloths on the couch, Poe sighed. “You know, I like you, Elan. But, damn, if you aren’t the most bigoted person I’ve ever met.” He stormed past her, but halted when they were shoulder to shoulder. “Thank you for letting me stay here.” He placed his hand on her shoulder briefly and sauntered into the corridor. When the door shut and she was once again alone in her room, she slid down the entryway, hugging her knees against her chest. He had a point. From the moment they met, he’d done nothing but prove time and again that he wasn’t the licentious rebel like his reputation lead her to believe. Exhaling sharply, she heaved herself to her feet. She knew what she needed to do. ---- There was a lull in conversation when Elan advanced into the mess hall. Great . Apparently word travels fast, even in a military bunker. Raissa rushed over to her, grabbing her by the arm and shuffled her to a quiet corner of the room, although there were already hushed whispers spreading through the air. “What the hell happened last night, E?” Raissa didn’t bother concealing her delight. “I know Poe wasn’t in his bunk last night and two different people saw him in your wing this morning. Dish.” “I don’t want to squash the intrigue, Raissa, but it’s not what you think. Really.” This did little to pacify her friend’s eager curiosity, as she immediately shot her an unimpressed look. “All I know is Poe showed up during my shift at the comm center last night asking where your room was, saying he had something he needed to ‘take care of’ with you.” She cocked an eyebrow. “Just spill, E. I wanna hear it from you, not any diluted version of the truth from the local yentas. Spill it.” “Fine.” She guided Raissa down to the empty seats beside them. “He showed up, completely wasted, wanting to apologize.” “Apologize?” “Yeah. During our interview yesterday, I, um, asked some things I shouldn’t have. He was captured by the First Order. I didn’t know.” “Shit…” Raissa sighed. “He got upset I brought it up and stormed off. It was completely my fault. He just came back to apologize. I guess he felt bad for raising his voice.” “And…?” “And what? He ended up passing out on my couch and snoring the rest of the night. That’s all there is.” Raissa scoffed. “Really? Well that’s boring,” Elan kneed her under the table. “Unless you count puking in my bathroom a term of endearment, that was it.” “Geez, I thought you two were actually going to work out some of this aggression or whatever. You guys are both boring.” “Thank you for the encouragement, Raissa,” she retorted caustically. “You know what I mean. It would just be nice to have a little distraction from the darkness of war, y’know? I dunno, I figured if the two of you hit it off, it would be a reminder that there’s something else worth fighting for. The reason why we do what we do. Love and war, all that bullshit.” The disappointment on her face was more than obvious. Throughout their friendship, Raissa had always encouraged her to continue working for the Resistance, right from the moment she stepped into the base. “I was engaged, E.” Elan’s jaw dropped. “What?! To whom?” “He was on Hosnian Prime.” Oh my god, Raissa…” Elan rushed over to her and threw her arms around her shoulders. There was nothing to suggest in Raissa’s demeanor that she was going through this. Again, a feeling of guilt washed over her. This war had been going on long before she’d become a part of it. Everyone on the base had lost someone. Poe lost half his fleet in the mission. General Organa had lost her hero. Elan had lost nothing. She knew nothing of sacrifice or lacking. After a moment in the embrace, Raissa pulled back and placed her hands on Elan’s face. “Swallow your pride, Elan. Go apologize. No more of this petty crap, alright?” Elan hugged her again. “Thank you, Raissa. Next time, just smack me alright?” They shared a laughed before she trudged off in the direction of the hangar. --- There was much more bustle throughout the garrison than when she made her previous venture, Elan nearly knocked into a few pilots on her way in. Her eyes scanned the hangar carefully, but a small wave of anxiety came over her. There was no sign of that godforsaken vessel anywhere in the vessel. “Hey, Elan!” a female voice called out. Jessika jogged over to her. “Hey, are you looking for Poe?” “I am, actually.” She shoved her hands in her pockets, feigning disinterest. “Just some follow-up questions. Have you seen him?” “He flew out this morning. I’m not sure how long he’ll be gone, but he did have his droid. It could be a while.” Elan’s eyes fell to the floor. Jessika bent her knees to meet her gaze. “You guys getting close? I’d hope so. We see him everyday and barely know anything about his. I mean he’s amazing in the skies, but other than that,” she shrugged. There was no inflection of underlying implication as to the nature of their relationship. Elan respected that, whether the rumor had reached Jessika or not. “Hey, wanna grab a drink later? I’ll buy. Maybe you can get some more story fodder on what us Resistance pilots are like behind-the-scenes. Get Raissa to come along.” Her smile was welcoming and the offer was tempting, but Elan wasn't entirely sure a night of debauchery was what she needed right now. "That might be nice. I'll get back to you." Jessika patted her shoulder, the same place Poe's hand rested so briefly this morning. Elan was left there in the hangar, others around her bustling about with their duties and responsibilities, discussing flight plans and tactics. Everyone had their job to do. Elan spent the next few hours tearing into her work. She was able to complete her transcripts of her interviews with Jessika and Snap and begin the lengthy upload into the database. The productivity felt rewarding, but she found her thoughts repeatedly drifting to Poe. She knew she'd feel like a real ass if anything happened to him out here. I'm sure he'd love that I'm so worried right now . She grumbled and looked over at the clock on the wall. It was well past midnight. No sign of her pilot. Her pilot. She shook her head at the thought. This wasn't even a dogfight in the heat of battle. For all she knew this was just a simple recon mission. No cause for concern. She rubbed her eyes as she realized just how badly her terrible night's sleep was affecting her. Before lethargy consumed her completely, she made her way back to her bunk. Her room still had his faint scent in the air. The familiarity of it was overwhelming and a very odd sensation. Laying down on her stiff mattress without even stripping out of her tunic, she closed her eyes, memories of their moments replaying in her head. She found herself only cringing at about half of them. It was a slight improvement. Elan awoke with a start to rapid knocking on her door without a clue how long she'd slept. When she opened it, she was greeted by a breathless, grinning Raissa. "It's about time you woke up. I just heard over the comms, Poe's almost back." Against her better judgement, Elan found herself sharing the same stupid grin. She rushed after her companion to the landing space, hurriedly brushing her hair into a ponytail as she skipped along, and a small smile still on her lips. Chapter 6 : In which our hero gets some surprise contact... Notes: I was way too excited to write this chapter... Suggestions/fluffy (or not so fluffy- hey ohhh) stuff are always welcome! By the time Elan had made her way through the crowd, Black One was already safely docked in its usual spot in the hangar. Poe was just hopping out of the starfighter cockpit. BB-8 had been released from the astrometric chamber and was rolling around beneath its master’s feet. Other pilots were docking at the same time, creating a wind tunnel effect on the bunker. Elan shielded her eyes from the particles flowing freely in the air and trekked towards him. Poe had taken off this helmet and was in the process of trying to balance it on the access ladder when she timorously approached him . “Hey you.” He brushed his hair away from his eyes, damp with sweat, and leaving a small trail of grease across his forehead from his soiled hands. He was still slightly out of breath and looked like he was badly in need of a shower. “Did you have a good flight?” Elan tried to sounds as unassuming as she could, although the dumb nature of the question sounded obviously so when it escaped her lips. “Not bad. Not bad. Sometimes it feels good to just be up there. General Organa will be happy with the findings I think.” “Really? What did you-” “Classified,” he responded coyly. Another group of X-wings flew into the docking station, kicking up another hefty breeze around them. Poe instinctively squinted his eyes against the gusts, grinning as Elan tried in vain to plaster her hair to her head with her hands while simultaneously trying not to go deaf and blind. “Here,” he yelled over the roar of the engines. He placed his helmet over her head, easing it down carefully. It was almost laughably large and was definitely still damp with his sweat. Elan tried to mask her disgust when she felt her scalp becoming dewy. The thunderous rumbles emitting from the vessels were dulled greatly by the padding of the helmet, something she was incredibly grateful for. When the last starfighter took its place in the hangar, Poe lifted the helmet off as gently as he’d placed it on. She quickly tried to brush her hair back into place. It was a hopeless cause as her tresses fell limply past her shoulders. Yet again, he balanced the well-used helmet on the closet rung of the ladder beside him. “I was hoping I could talk to you,” Elan said finally. “Oh yeah” Poe propped his arm up against the ladder, knocking his helmet to the concrete floor with a loud clatter. “Shit!” he cursed as he hastily bent down to scoop it back up, but in doing so the data cylinders from his shoulder pocket slid out, scattering onto the floor and around their feet. Elan scrambled to grab them before they slid into the grate in the floor. She reached for the one rolling farthest from her feet, the same one that Poe happened to be trying to corral. “I got it-” they announced in unison, their heads nearly colliding. Before she could pull back, Elan’s hand grazed the top of his. “I’m so-” she turned her head to face him, not realizing he was already facing her, her lips brushed so very gently against his own. Elan jumped back as if an electric shock had shot through them. Poe immediately beamed at her in amusement. “Did you just...” “No,” she spat. Her cheeks and ears were burning red. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck “You totally did.” He began to chuckle. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Elan raised to her feet briskly, brushing her hands hastily down her leggings, swatting away dirt that wasn’t there, absolutely refusing to look up at him, although she knew there was a dumb grin plastered on his face. Fucking fuckity fuck . “Uh huh.” He crossed his arms, shifting his weight onto one leg. Attracted by the clatter, his droid zipped around his feet, beeping and chirping rapidly. “It’s alright, BB-8. Elan here was just about to ask me something, but she decided to kiss me instead.” The BB unit swung its head up towards her. Great, now the droid is humiliating me as well . Poe reached forward and rubbed her forearm, seeing that the redness in her face showed no sign of dissipating. “Honest mistake.” Elan allowed herself to look up at him, dismayed to find there was a slight pink hue to his cheeks too. “So what did you want to talk about?” he asked, clearing his throat. Change of subject. Thank you, she said internally . “I felt like I needed to apologize. Again,” she admitted sheepishly. “I’ve been awful to you. I’m sorry. I was a snob. I’ve never really met anyone like you before.” Poe sniggered. “You've met countless people in your time with interplanetary politicians.” He leaned in towards her. “But none like me, huh?” She shook her head. “Nope. None like you, Dameron.” He tucked his bottom lip inside his mouth, running his tongue against it. Elan didn’t take her eyes off the subtle gesture. Dammit . “Well, apology accepted, Princess Caledon. I wouldn’t know what to do with me either.” Their conversation was cut short when a junior officer jogged up to him. “Apologies, Mr. Dameron. General Organa requests to see you at once.” Poe immediately straightened his posture. Elan watched as his expression meld into that of duty and fealty. He looked over to her momentarily before chasing after the young officer, his droid following faithfully behind him. Elan leaned her back against the X-wing, still warm to the touch from its venture. She ran her finger ever so gently across her lips. In that fleeting moment, the slight scrape of his stubble against her mouth, the close scent of his sweat and musk, the fervor in his eyes, she felt for the first time she was experiencing the real Poe Dameron. --- “You did what ?!” “It was an accident! I don’t even know how it happened, it was that fast.” Raissa and Elan were crouched on either side of the couch in her dorm. Raissa had an open-mouth smile practically plastered on her face. Elan couldn’t help but continue to blush while regaling her with the tale. After sharing the details of her encounter, Raissa made the executive decision to crack open the bottle of Corellian wine, something Elan gladly obliged. They were two glasses in, cackling loudly, as they exchanged horrendously exaggerated impressions of people who worked in the base. The cachinnation was refreshing, albeit slightly undermining to their superiors, something Elan just had to bring up. “I won’t tell if you won’t,” Raissa had retorted. Once again, a loud rapping on her door interrupted their conversation. I really should invest in a "do not disturb" sign. Groaning, Elan sauntered over to the door, opening it to reveal the same young officer that has whisked Poe away earlier. “General Organa requests your presence in the Command Room, Miss Caledon.” She turned to Raissa, a quizzical expression already on her face. “I’ll be right there.” The officer jogged away yet again. Is he allowed to just walk anywhere? She barreled into the bathroom to splash water on her face in a futile attempt to appear sober. The last thing she needed was to drunkenly gallivant into the office of one of the most powerful people in the galaxy. “I’ll be here with the wine,” Raissa gibed. --- The Command Room was just as imposing as Elan had envisioned it; dozens of monitors and holograms projecting data and intricate maps, with multiple workers at each station deeply engrossed in their work. She felt immediately out of place among the significant players for the cause as she awkwardly stepped into the bustling chamber without anyone looking up as she passed. Standing at the large console in the center of the space, was General Organa. Elan stopped dead in her tracks. She’d met hundreds of dignitaries over the years, but none felt as formidable as she. Even though Elandidn’t much stock into the idea of idols, if she did, Leia would be one of them. Sensing her presence, the General turned to face her, a warm smile crossing her face. “Miss Caledon, thank you for taking the time to come out here.” She held out her hand. Elan rushed to shake it, concealing her own trembling hand as best she could. “Not at all, ma’am.” Her back was stick straight, remembering all her lessons on how to appear in front of important figures. “Come, let’s speak in my office.” Leia’s office was nowhere near as austere as the rest of the facility. There were plants adorning shelves next to stacks upon stacks of holobooks and old documents. Elan tried not to stare, imagining the wealth of sensitive information encased within this walls. “So. It’s come to my attention from a certain pilot that you’re quite the researcher. He says your skills as an archivist are unmatched.” She looked pleased at the notion. Goddammit, Dameron, what did you do… “If I’m honest, I’ve only just started ma’am- General. I’m not sure how well I’m doing. I didn’t exactly train for this back on De-” “Denon, I know. I’ve met your parents many times. Your mother is quite the shrewd negotiator. And if I’m honest, I am surprised they let you come out here.” “I didn’t give them much of a choice, I’m afraid.” The corner of her mouth tipped up slightly. “You’re ballsy. I can see why he suggested you for this.” “For what, exactly?” ---- “What the hell were you thinking, Dameron?” Elan slammed her palms against the pilot's shoulders. “Ow! You’re welcome .” He rubbed his arm roughly, looking pitiful. “I know you aren’t happy cooped up in your little cubicle all day, this is a chance for you to really do something for the Resistance.” “But Dantooine? Why the hell do I have to go to Dantooine?” “ We are going to Dantooine. The General thinks there’s a chance sensitive material could've left back on the base that could prove detrimental to us now. I know she explained all of this to you, you really should learn how to listen.” Elan balled her hands into fists, ready to aim a little higher this time, and let out a slightly overly dramatic exasperated grunt. “Poe, this is much too important for me to do. I could screw this up and everything would be lost and it would all be my fault.” “Hey, hey.” He gripped her shoulders, shaking them slightly. “This is absolutely not too important for you. The fact that you care so much about it proves that. Besides, she’s not even sure anything’s survived that hasn’t already been ransacked or destroyed. But it’s worth a shot. You can do this. I’ll be there with you.” While she was sure that was meant to comfort her, anxiety welled up in the pit of her stomach. His goofy smile was doing little to dissuade her from going. How was he so damn hopeful all the time? Elan sighed again, looking up at him. “Is that leer a yes?” “I wasn’t leering!” He raised an eyebrow at her. “Fine. I’ll do it.” Poe clapped his hands on her shoulders with a cheer. Ow. “I’ll ready the transport.” “Wait- What are we taking?” She tried to hide her impending panic. “A Lambda shuttle we have lying around. You’ll love it, trust me.” He darted off to who-knows-where leaving Elan to remember just how much she really hated flying. This will certainly be an adventure. Chapter 7 : In which our hero sets out with his companion... Summary: Poe and Elan head for Dantooine while Elan wrestles with unwarranted thoughts. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Oh you have got to be kidding.” Elan hurriedly shoved her clothes into a canvas bag while Raissa paced around her. She’d repeated the phrase at least four times previously. “How long are you going to be gone?” “I’m not sure. The general feeling was it would be however long it takes to know if there’s anything there worth investigating. General Organa seemed to think around a week.” “Hmm.” Raissa crossed the room and stood in front of her friend. “Look, just- just be careful, alright?” Elan scoffed. “Be careful of what? The base has been abandoned for decades.” “No, I mean- ugh . I mean all of it. It’ll just be the two of you out there.” “Wait, you mean with Dameron?” “I’m just saying, watch yourself. You’ll be isolated. If he tries anything you don’t want him to-” “Woah, Raissa. I appreciate the concern but trust me, I really don’t think I have to worry about that.” “Look just because he was a gentleman when he was drunk, doesn’t mean he always will be.” Raissa gripped Elan’s shoulder. “I’m just saying look out for yourself. And I’ll miss you. So come back in one piece.” The two embraced, Elan smiling into Raissa’s hair. It was a pleasant feeling, being looked after. --- “Alright, so this is the blaster cannon. In case we run into any trouble. Which we won’t,” Poe said in response to the expression Elan pulled. “What, that?” “No that is the laser cannon.” Poe took her hand and angled it lower. “ That is the blaster cannon. Here, follow me.” He lead her aboard the shuttle, the metal reverberating under their feet with every step. The interior was dingy and dilapidated, but at least it looked like it would run. “I converted two of the cargo holds into crew quarters, just past the starboard seating over here,” he remarked as his ushered to two small compartments. “You had time to do that?” Elan inquired, slightly impressed. “Well, by ‘convert’ I mean I put cots in there…” Poe scratched his head. “But it beats sleeping in the bucket seats, not that I’m against that.” She peeked her head into the alcove. The width of the space was barely large enough to fit the bed, let alone room for anything else. But it was an effort that she appreciated. Obviously the gratitude did not translate to her expression as Poe elbowed her side gently. “Hey, I know it's not the coziest of accommodations-” “No, it’s fine. Honestly.” She shot him a smile and slung her pack on the bed. “Thanks, Poe.” “Ready to see where the magic happens?” Um... Elan raised an eyebrow. He tipped his head towards the front of the craft. Poe placed his hands on the back of seat at the head of the compartment looking already pleased with himself. “This’ll be me.” He then pointed to the chair beside it. “You. You’re my co-pilot on this voyage.” Elan snickered. “Do you want us to crash and die?” “Well, it’ll just be the two of us. If it starts getting hot out there, I’ll take the gunnery seat and call out the controls to you. You’ll be fine. This thing can actually run with just a single pilot, but it’s more fun with two as with most things.” Poe winked. Elan ignored the double entendre and tried to focus on being more impressed with his level of knowledge. “These used to be an Imperial shuttles. They can take a beating. We’ve got enough supplies for two weeks, but that’s including emergency rations, which we won’t need. I doubt this will be longer than a week at most. So, Miss Caledon, you ready for this?” Although Elan was more than apprehensive about her skills when it came to the mission itself, she had to admit the idea of the excursion riled up genuine excitement. She bounced on her feet for a moment then hopped in the co-pilot seat, grinning up at her pilot, who took out a flight helmet from underneath the seat and placed it gleefully on her head. He slid into the pilot station and hummed to himself as he fiddled with the switches and dials on the console. Elan eyed him carefully; he looked completely in his element as the ship roared to life underneath them. The feeling of motion roused the all too familiar sense of anxiety inside her and she found herself tightly gripping the armrests of her seat, trying to remember to breathe normally. Poe must have noticed her tension, as he reached over and placed his hand atop hers. “Relax,” he said calmly. Easy for you to say, flyboy. The shuttle lifted off the ground with a loud rumble. Elan bit her lip. I hate flying, I hate flying . Although the initial takeoff was smooth, as the lower wings expanded downward when they were airborne, the vibration once again set her on edge. She had faith in Poe’s skills as a pilot, but she couldn’t help but feel she was in an aerial coffin. She clamped her eyes shut, praying for an uneventful journey. The overall flight only took a few hours and was relatively smooth, much to Elan’s relief. It had only taken about half of that time for her knuckles to regain their color, which definitely did not have to do with the fact Poe’s hand spent most of that time resting on hers when not needed for navigation. The contact was indeed comforting and she had to admit, much to her own vexation, that she didn’t exactly find it entirely disagreeable. Do not fall for a pilot, E. Bad idea. Poe recounted tales of his favorite missions for her amusement, the laughter helping to ease some of her consternation, which she was again grateful for. Among the anecdotes were some very close calls and near-misses, stories that Poe made Elan swear she wouldn’t repeat as they weren’t quite in the realm of “following orders”. His thumb had traced small circles across the top of her hand between his stories and she wished to herself that the motion wasn’t just an idle gesture. It’ll be just the two of you out there, Raissa’s words echoed between her ears. It had occurred to her that this entire mission could be an elaborate scheme to get her into bed with him, but the thought that Poe would take time away from his beloved squad and X-wing just to sleep with her seemed entirely too far-fetched (although slightly flattering). Her thoughts drifted again to the contact their lips had made that morning. She ran her fingers over her mouth again, letting a small chuckle escape. “What?” Poe inquired curiously. “Hmm?” “You laughed. What’s funny?” Shit. “Oh, um, I was just thinking about something Raissa said.” “She seems like a firecracker, that one. She cares about you a lot.” “How would you know?” Poe snorted. “Well, for starters, when I asked about where your room was, I thought she was going to knock me out. I had to prove my intentions were noble. I don’t want to know what she’d have done if my intentions weren’t so noble.” “She probably would’ve given you a key.” The two shared a hearty laugh and Elan took note of the crinkles that formed around his eyes and the creases of his smile in doing so. Poe began expertly lowering the shuttle down onto the marshy grasslands below. Elan found herself leaning forward to examine the scenery surrounding them. It occurred to her that this would be her first time exploring a woodland planet, a stark difference from the sprawling, dwarfing cityscape of Denon. Since she couldn’t exactly explore D’Qar in her spare time without considerable scrutiny and possible breaches of security. This excursion had the opportunity for adventure and just the right amount of intrigue. “Alright, Princess. Your palace awaits.” Once the vessel was safely on the ground, Poe stretched out his arms with a groan. “Well, let’s see what this place has to offer us.” He hoisted her up out of her seat and punched the release for the exit ramp. A stream of fresh air wafted into the compartment. The breeze was cool and crisp around her face as they stepped off the vessel. Elan was instantly awed by the atmosphere; lush, towering trees reached as tall as skyscrapers, the monoliths created random bursts of warm streams of sunlight in the breaks of their leaves as they swayed in the wind. Immediately, Elan scurried out to the open meadow, before Poe caught her by the shoulder. “Not so fast, hotshot. Just because this place is listed as abandoned doesn’t mean it is.” With a small shock, she took account of the blaster pistol resting on his belt. “Don’t worry, E. I’ll protect you.” So he adopted my nickname now. Better than ‘princess’. “Just let me go ahead before you go dashing off into the sunset, alright?” With a buzzing sound whizzing past her feet, Elan nearly jumped out of her skin. Of course he brought the droid. She’d completely forgotten the two were nearly joined at the hip. BB-8 chirped inquisitively as if offended by her reaction as it passed. “Of course she likes you!” Poe declared as if entirely shocked by the notion. Elan smiled first at him then down at the little ball almost hiding behind his legs. “Why don’t you stay with her while I do a quick scout ahead?” BB-8 beeped happily. “Hey, you keep her safe, okay?” The droid rolled closer to her while Poe jogged ahead. Elan found her eyes drifting from the back of his head south. “Not the worst view… “ she commented aloud before she could stop herself. BB-8 whirred by her foot, tilting its head towards her, letting out a quizzical chirp. “Oh do not tell him I said that." Notes: Holy mother of tension, I hope y'all are down for these next few chapters. I've been tearing through them like a house on fire, so brace yourselves, troops. Chapter 8 : In which our hero gets quite the view... Summary: Elan's curiosity takes over as she disobeys Poe's direction, setting off a chain of events leading to both embarrassment and intrigue. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe was taking far too long to make it back to the shuttle, but the longer she went without hearing blaster fire, she figured it was a good sign. Elan couldn't help but begin to be annoyed with the order to stay put, and she began to rock back and forth on her heels, murmuring to herself. The droid was fastidiously rolling within an arm’s reach of her, carefully following its master’s order. Elan stepped around the vessel and looked around for Poe. She bit the inside of her lip and carefully began edging towards the forest. BB-8 whistled in her direction and moved in front of her to block her path. “Oh come on, you can still protect me. Just… protect me over there.” A sad noise emitted from the droid but it continued to dutifully follow her. Elan carefully stepped over fallen branches and debris, not entirely sure of her footing on this new terrain. She breathed deeply, deeper than she ever could in the cities she’d inhabited. She could hear noises coming from creatures she’d never seen and saw plants she never knew existed. The entire thicket looked completely untouched by civilization and she felt as through she was discovering a completely new world, one promising mystery and enchantment. An old shuttle was crashed directly in view of her current path, and she was sure Poe would’ve know the exact make and model of the transport, even from this distance. Curiosity got the better of her and she decided that the derelict site would be her destination. She barely trudged a few yards before a large tree between two massive rockfaces blocked her path. Straddling the tree, she attempted to propel herself over it although her shorter legs were making it an incredibly difficult feat. Grunting and cursing loudly, she tried to shimmy over the thinnest part of the trunk, yet it was still wider than the span of her arms. “Give me a break, you piece of-” In one fell motion, she veered off the other side of the wooden behemoth with a yelp, sliding across the slick grass below it and down a steep embankment that she was unaware was awaiting her on the other side. She careened straight into a hip-deep bog filled with frigid, stagnant water. She shrieked, while BB-8 began rolling frantically down the hill after her. The vile scent invaded her nostrils as she tried not to gag. Poe must have heard her screech, as immediately he began calling out her name. Well f uck . “Elan? Elan !” His voice was almost panicked, something she’d never heard before. “I’m here!” she yelled. Poe rounded the corner frantically, blaster at the ready, to see her trying to shake the film and rotted plant matter off her arms. The look on his face quickly faded from concern to humor as he didn’t bother concealing his laughter and dropped the weapon back to his side. Elan glared at him. “That’s what you get, you know. I told you to stay put.” “Whatever, Dameron, just help me out. P-please,” she pleaded between his laughing fits, trying to fight back her teeth chattering. “Alright, hang on, Princess, I’m coming.” Poe grabbed her hands and lifted her out of the marsh with ease, shaking off the moisture leftover from her hands. “Oh… wow.” Poe winced when she was safely back on steady ground. “Yes, I know. I stink. Thank you, Dameron. And I’m freezing, so can we please just head back to the shuttle now?” Poe took pity on her, pulling a soggy vine out of her hair. “Why did you come out here anyway?” Elan pointed to the crashed vessel a few meters away. “I was wondering if that old hunk of junk out there maybe had pertinent data onboard.” And I was bored waiting for your sorry ass to come back. Poe squinted at the crash site, furrowing his brow. An odd look came over his face. He looked over to Elan, her arms crossed tightly across her chest and shaking harshly. “Let’s get you back before you freeze.” He slung his arm around her as he led her back to the Lambda. ---- On the trek back to the shuttle, Poe only made about half a dozen remarks about her unique aroma. In turn, she elbowed him in the side only a half a dozen times. “Well, obviously you need to get out of those clothes,” Poe commented when they’d reached the Lambda. “Obviously,” Elan retorted sarcastically. “I’m irresistible right now.” With a chuckle, he opened up storage locker beside her bunk, pulled out an old navy jumpsuit and tossed it to her. “Here. If you’re going to be off adventuring like you did today, you’re going to need something a little more sturdy than-”, he ushered to her current attire, “whatever you call that you’re wearing.” She snatched the dingy outfit out of his hands. “Fine.” “The ‘fresher is in that corner. You’ll be alright here if I scout out ahead?” “I think I can handle a shower on my own, thank you, Poe.” “You sure? I mean, if you need a hand-” She swatted him with the jumpsuit. “Alright, fine. Have it your way.” The refresher was barely larger than a couple of meters, with the toilet almost occupying the same space as the shower, but at this point Elan only cared about washing the swamp muck off her person. She stripped off her filthy clothes and they landed on the floor with a sickening splat. The tile floor of the space became incredibly slick as she began to shower off the grime. She tried her best not be disgusted by the greenish hue the water puddling around her feet became. To her surprise and delight, the water was a decent temperature and rather satisfying. When she’d reached an acceptable level of cleanliness, she reached down to grab her towel, finding that she’d not only left that in her bunk, but the jumpsuit as well. Shit. Elan peaked her head out of the bathroom stall. “Poe?” she whispered harshly. Upon hearing no response, she raised her voice and tried again. After another silent response, she made a mad dash out of the refresher towards her bunk, still naked and sopping wet. She was barely out of the bathroom before she slipped and fell nearly face-first against the cold floor. Shit. Shit. Shit. Stunned, she attempted to scramble back up to her feet, but not before a familiar rolling ball came whizzing up the access ramp, meaning Poe was close behind. The droid upon seeing her began to beep and whistle loudly, as if sensing something awry. Elan cursed loudly, willing herself off the floor, but as she did she made instant eye contact with Poe who had jogged up the incline, hearing his droid's distress. “Hey buddy, what’s wro-” Poe halted immediately. His jaw hung agape and his eyes widened. Elan froze before crippling humiliation could set it, not daring to move a muscle. They both stood completely stationary for an inordinate amount of time, their eyes locked, Elan trembling in place as she felt errant drips of water tracing down her exposed skin. After what felt like eons, BB-8 whirred and spun its head around to face Poe. This must have knocked him out of his stupor, as he promptly dropped his gaze to the floor and cleared his throat loudly. “I, uh,-” Elan began. “I should’ve said som-” “The floor was wet-” “I heard the-” “Forgot my clothes-” Poe looked back into her eyes with an expression Elan did not know how to translate. The feeling was both terrifying and thrilling. “I’m just going to…” she motioned with her thumb in the direction of her bunk. “Oh, um, yeah. You look… cold.” Poe turned his back to her and she could see him rubbing his face with vigor, his ears a deep red color. Elan eased her way into the bunk on tip-toed feet, biting her lip and cursing herself for her wonderfully graceful display, as she tucked herself into the alcove and out of sight. She slowly peaked her head around the corner of the door just in time to see Poe slinking awkwardly towards the bathroom, a strained look on his face. She couldn’t help but notice he was walking with a stiff-legged gait as if there was a sudden bulky weight between his steps. Notes: I want you all to know that ending this chapter where I did caused me physical pain. Chapter 9 : In which our hero(s) begin their adventure... Notes: I apologize for the boatload of exposition in this chapter. I wanted to set the scene a bit and may have gotten carried away with the descriptors as this chapter is a bit longer than others. But you might have fun if you read until the end... Also, I do have the next few chapters almost finished so be prepared for a few updates the next 24 hours :D Thanks for the encouragement, my dear readers<3 Elan considered just staying in her bunk indefinitely until she became absorbed in its metal skeleton. She paced around the small enclosure, chewing on the cuticle of her thumb. If she was to ever allow Poe Dameron to see her naked form, that was not the way she would've chose for it to play out. To think, her initial annoyance with him was the fact that he was the bumbling nitwit to start with. After her bare-skinned fiasco, she would’ve been content to don a canvas sack if it meant being covered up. Mustering up her courage and what was left of her dignity, Elan stepped out of her hole trying to hide the mortification from her face. The jumpsuit was absurdly large on her and she had attempted to cuff the bottoms, but they were a hopeless case and she found herself still tripping over the bottoms. Poe was on his back, fiddling with the wiring and components underneath the pilot console, looking deeply engrossed in his work. Elan cleared her throat to announce herself, a habit they both would probably benefit from adopting. However, the sudden noise startled him out of his concentration, and he sat up quickly, slamming his head into the console in the process. “Fuck!” he exclaimed, clamping his hand against his forehead. “Oh, shit.” He survived Kylo Ren and I’ll be the death of him. She rushed over to him and crouched beside him. Grumbling, he sat up gradually, resting his arms over his knees. Elan sat next to him underneath the station. He looked over her, lifting her arm up by the clumsily rolled up sleeve of the oversized jumpsuit. “Sorry, I should’ve checked to see if they come in Ewok sizes.” “Ha. Ha. I’m eye-to-eye with the General, you know. I don’t see you sassing her about it.” “That’s because she scares me.” Poe expertly rolled her sleeves into cuffs, chuckling at the ample fabric still left. “So, uh, wampa in the room. Totally saw you naked.” He set her hand back on her lap. “Mhmm. That you did.” Elan looked down and fumbled with the collar of the jumpsuit, attempting to fight back obvious signs of her embarrassment. "Sorry." "I'll forgive you. Honestly, not the worst view." Elan gulped at the quote of her own remark. Almost as if it were going into hiding, BB-8 whizzed by and into Poe's bunk. That little orange... Poe budged her gently with his arm. “Okay, wampa in the room addressed. Ready to go investigate this fool’s errand, now?” He shot his all-too charming grin at her. ---- The trek to the base much easier than Elan expected, no climbing gear needed to her relief, although she did end up stumbling over fallen timber and unsteady ground. Poe had landed the shuttle far enough as to not be obvious for anyone, or anything, that may have adopted the base as a shelter, but close enough to make it there and back after investigation before dark. As they walked, Poe rattled off names of flora and fauna they passed, Elan finding each one more fascinating than the next. The light breeze flowed through her hair, brushing strands in front of her eyes. The air here was so pure and refreshing her body felt rejuvenated, even if her mind replayed her less than proud moments in her head every few minutes as if the idea of being too comfortable was a threat. When the pair reached the looming structure, Elan gaped at its size. The base itself was surrounded by a massive concrete fences at least a five meters high and in its center was a two-story building with guard towers on each side. One small portion of the wall was collapsed and left easy access to the interior, whether it was due to age or the result of battle damage, Elan could not be certain. Despite its seemingly easy to defend architecture, vines and moss covered almost every flat plane of the edifice. “You’re staring,” Poe teased after giving her a few moments to gawk. “It’s incredible.” “Wait until you see the inside.” Poe took her hand and led her carefully over the crumbling stones. “Now I’ve scouted most of this area, but considering the foliage and concealed spaces, that doesn’t mean much. Just stay close.” The silence within the walls was almost deafening. Every rock her foot kicked or twig she snapped reverberated throughout the structure, creating an eerie atmosphere. BB-8 whirled around the open area, surveying the grounds. Within the confines of the courtyard, they were entirely exposed. Elan began to feel uneasy as they approached the entrance. The door had long since been rusted open and moss covered the entrance like garland. Poe stepped ahead and motioned for her when he cleared the lobby. There was plenty of natural light bleeding in through the open ceiling which may have once been glass. Most of the ground was covered in leaves and bits of dusty soil, tracked in decades prior. The air was closer inside, almost musty. Elan moved through the lobby, drinking in her surroundings. The wild nature of it all was like nothing she’d ever experienced before. “Geez, you’d think you’d never been outside, E,” Poe remarked. “Well there’s not many forests on Denon.” “You really spent your whole life in a glass castle, huh?” “Pretty much.” Elan ran her hand over an empty shelf. There was a large broken crystal vase, remnants of plant stems withered inside. A glass castle. “The data center is this way. If there’s anything to be found, it’ll be there. Watch your step,” he commented as they trudged further into the building. “Do you think we will find anything?” “I suppose that’s why I have you. I don’t know what the hell we’re supposed to look for.” “Well my parents kept copies of sensitive material on holobooks and datapads hidden away in random places in case the originals were ever stolen or destroyed. I always found them though.” Poe gasped dramatically. “Princess Caledon was a snoop? No.” “Ha. Ha. We had one or two covert locations. One of the sculptures in our garden had a hidden panel. I used to hide notes in there for-” Poe stopped and turned to her with a mischievous look. “For who ?” he teased. “No one…” Unconvinced by her reply, he crossed his arms and ran his tongue across his teeth. “Uh huh.” “Fine. He was just the son of one of my parents’ business partner.” “Was it serious?” “Why, Mr. Dameron is that jealousy I detect?” she chided. “No.” He kicked a tuft of dead grass beside his boot. “I mean, you were leaving love letters for the guy in your garden .” He put emphasis on the last word as it if were an ultimate luxury. “It could’ve been, but no.” Elan shrugged. “It was fun, but that’s it. How about you, Mr Resistance hotshot? Any clandestine romances in your past?” “I might have left some broken hearts on a planet or two.” “Ah, so there is some truth to the rumors after all.” “I have rumors?” His tone seemed legitimately questioning, much to Elan’s bewilderment. “Here we are.” The data center was completely ransacked. Stations with shattered holoscreens, upturned desks and chairs, dozens of holobooks laid pulverized on the floor. The level of destruction was immeasurable. Elan sighed. “Well, if we leave now we can make it back to the mess hall for dinner service,” Poe quipped. Disappointment hit her harder than she could’ve planned for. The idea she could be part of something bigger than herself was beginning to feel more foolish and stupid. She plopped down hard in the nearest seat, Poe sitting on the desk it belonged to. “C’mon, E. We knew there wasn’t much of a chance there’d be anything out here anyway. It’s been decades. I’m surprised this place isn’t a scavenger’s outpost by now.” Elan propped her elbow on the desk and rested her head against her palm. Her eyes canvassed the room in all its squalor; most every breakable object in the room was completely destroyed. She glanced up around the only still-standing shelving unit. At the top of the shelf, there was a small rectangular grate, most likely a part of some sort of ventilation system. Elan sat up immediately. “Poe,” she began, smacking his leg with her hand. “Poe, help me get up there.” She bolted over to the shelf, shoving debris out of her path. Now that she was closer, she could see that the grate was missing its screws and it had simply been placed back into the niche in the wall. There was a layer of rust and corrosion around the edges but nothing that would stop her from prying the metal was from the wall. “There was a vent like this in my room. I’d stash stuff in there as a kid.” “Damn, you were a little rabble rouser, weren’t you?” He bent down and positioned his hands together to hoist her high enough to the vent. She was just tall enough to reach the bottom lip of the grate and she grunted loudly as she pried off the rusted hardware off the wall. It fell to the ground with an echoing, eye-splitting clatter. They both moved to cover their ears, Poe nearly dropping her in the process. Elan examined the opening in the wall. She couldn’t see into the shaft but she felt the overwhelming feeling of the promise of intrigue. "Ugh," Elan scoffed. “I don’t think I’ll fit.” “Oh please. I’ve seen your… frame. You’ll fit.” Elan looked down at Poe, who looked slightly miffed at his own phrasing. “Alright, boost me up.” Poe raised his hands higher so she was balanced on his shoulder as he steadied himself against the wall. She clambered into the vent, Poe still holding onto her legs in case he needed to pull her out quickly. Elan coughed and sputtered as dust filled her nose and irritated her eyes. There was a steep incline to the vent that veered off around a tight corner, but at the base of the shaft, Elan could see the tiniest piece of cloth peeping out. There was so little light coming into the vent, she had to squint through the floating dust particles hanging around like ashes in the air. She shimmied in a little more and could just make out what looked like a large, filled canvas satchel. “Holy shit…” she muttered under her breath. “If its a rat, no, you can’t keep it. Also, you may be small, but you’re getting heavy, kid,” Poe grunted. “Poe, shut up. There’s something in here. Let go, I think I can climb down and get it.” “Oh no. I am not letting you climb in there.” He tightened his grip around her ankles as she tried to squirm further in. “Hey!” she protested as he began to lower her down. She could feel the dirt particles on her face and still lingering in her nostrils. "What the hell, Dameron?" He stopped with his arms around her waist, their faces level. There was an odd expression on his face, those dark eyes look entirely focused on her. She placed her hands on his arms and could feel the muscles tense beneath the fabric. His grip around her was solid, but he lowered her down gently to her feet. His eyes traced down her face, resting on her lips. Their hands were still resting on each other and once again, Elan caught herself savoring the scent of him. This was the closest they'd been since their accidental meeting of lips, yet Elan found the familiarity enticing. Poe reached up and brushed a strand of hair from her face. His hand, broad and rugged, rested against her cheek, their bodies still pressed together. A slight pulling sensation traveled from her navel south as she observed the thicker stubble across his jaw and around his lip, his mouth already agape slightly. Scared to move her body, she tipped her head slightly forward towards his. Her eyes rolled upwards to meet his, which were still fixated on her lips. She dared to move closer still, inches away from his welcoming mouth- shit. Elan pulled back, sneezing abruptly and harshly, the dust betraying her. . She raised her hand to wipe the remaining dust off her face, but before it reached her, Poe gripped it, holding it over her head and- holy fuck. He plunged his mouth against hers, pinning her hand against the wall above her, pressing her back against the wall. The roughness of his scruff scraped the area around her mouth, the harshness of the feeling arousing a hunger deep in the pit of her torso causing her to open her mouth wider, inviting more of him into her. His hips grinding against hers, her spare hand gripping the waistband of his jumpsuit. She was standing on her toes to push her mouth harder against his. His fingers laced into her own, still pinned against the wall. Slowly, his hands both traced down to her face, cradling it between them. Small moans were escaping her throat as the kiss deepened, her fingers tangled into his hair. Slowly, he drew his mouth away from hers, tipping his head down, touching the tip of his nose to her forehead. Elan gently eased her feet back flat on the floor, her eyes still shut. She could feel her lips throbbing slightly in the absence of his pressing against them and she swore she could hear her heart pounding in her ears. A feeling of pleasurable gratification washed over her in a warm wave. She could feel a stiffening bulge between his legs against her stomach. His hands lingered on her face as he tucked his lip behind his teeth, a motion that she'd seen before, but suddenly had found new satisfaction in. Chapter 10 : In which our hero finds something to cele.brate.. Notes: Ackkkk I wanted two chapters up today. I call a red flag on this migraine for delay of game. Boo. Booooo. (Sidenote: "Satellite" by Guster is definitely my song for these two. It totally fits.) “Shit.” Poe stepped back with his hands raised. “Shit, shit shit .” “Um, thanks?” Elan's bewilderment was plastered on her face. “I should not have done that.” He leaned forward with his hands against his knees. “Shit. I’m so sorry.” “Are you serious?” Elan couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She could picture her recollection of the event with Raissa perfectly: Poe Dameron kissed the shit out of me. Then he apologized for it. “That was beyond unprofessional of me.” “Unprofessional?” She scoffed. “Listen to yourself. We just kissed, that’s it.” “No, Elan, that’s not it.” He crossed over to her, once again taking her face in his hands. “What I’m feeling right now could jeopardize all of this. The Resistance is everything to me, and now you...” He hung his head, guilt hanging over him like a cloud. "I can't fuck this up by doing... this." She was unsure whether or not to be offended. Was he considering her a distraction or something else? Irritation was now rising under her skin. A lot was riding on her as well. She needed to prove her worth on this mission, especially to herself. Harrumph. She dragged a mangled desk over, positioning it underneath the vent. “Woah, what are you doing?” Elan climbed on top of the platform she created and looked down at him with indignation. “I’m going after what we came out here for. I don’t really care if you approve or not at this point.” “I told you, you don’t know if it's safe. I don’t want you going in there.” “And I said I don’t care.” “You know, that could be considered insubordination.” Elan shrugged. “Then do something about it.” Poe looked at her with an almost hungry stare. Don't kiss him. Do not kiss him. Focus, E. With that, Elan turned on her heels, and placed her hands on the opening of the vent. “Okay, you go this,” she said to herself, preparing to hop inside. “Wait,” Poe said behind her with an exasperated tone. He was rummaging through the pack he brought and muttering to himself. “Here.” He pulled out a glowrod and powered it on, holding it up to her. “Thanks," she replied, halfheartedly. Elan reached for it, but Poe kept a grip on the device. “Be careful. I'm serious.” She gave a small smile before turning back the vent. "You can't get rid of me that easy, Dameron." Inside, the green glow emitting from the rod helped her to see slightly farther ahead but there was still a considerable amount of darkness surrounding her. The desk below her wobbled slightly and she felt hands at her waist. “I got you,” Poe said quietly in her ear, helping her into the vent. Once she was fully inside, the vent began to narrow slightly as she progressed. The metal was covered in dust and the smell of corrosion was almost overwhelming. “You alright?” Elan could she the corner of the sack within reach, just a few short meters away. “Elan?” She could sense the nervousness in his voice. “Yeah,” she called back. She was on her hands and knees, just barely able to extend them fully before her back hit the top of the shaft. The dust was yet again invading her nose, she was forced to pull up the neck of the jumpsuit over her mouth. When she put her hand back down, it landed on something damp and caked in matted tufts of hair. Elan shrieked and angled the light downward. “What, what is it?’ “A dead rat,” she responded with disgust. Grimacing, she pressed forward, edging closer and closer to her destination. When she reached the corner, she exhaled deeply. Please let there be something good, anything. The bag itself had been gnawed open and almost completely shredded, likely from one of the rodents currently inhabiting the space. She pulled back the corner of the bag, revealing- “Holy shit…” There were about a dozen holobooks and datapods strewn about the duct. Despite the layer of grime and a few chewed up corners, they looked to have minimal damage done to them. Someone must have dropped them down the vent before evacuation. Elan grinned, scooping them together as best she could while holding the glowrod between her teeth. She lifted one of the devices to her ear; a slight hum emitted from it. Holy shit, she whispered again to herself. Glancing back up, she realized it would be a challenge wrestling these up the incline. “Poe, slide your bag down here!” Without any hesitation, the canvas satchel came careening down the shaft. Elan caught it with a grunt. She stuffed as many of the machines inside as the bag would accommodate, positioning the remaining devices on what was left of the sack, and began to clamber up the incline. Turning around in the vent was clumsy and awkward, but for once her size proved beneficial. Elan poked her head out of vent opening, a satisfied smile on her face. She shoved the bag into his arms, which thankfully he caught. Glancing up, he gave her a proud grin as he set down the satchel. "C'mon." He reached his arms up to her which she gladly took and he eased her out of the duct. Her navy jumpsuit was spotted with gray patches of dust and cobwebs. If the parents could see me now . She twisted her hair into a loose bun atop her head and reached for the remaining holobooks. If she could restore these back to their functioning state, there was a distinct possibility they could be incredibly significant for the cause, perhaps even locations of other bases and supplies. Poe reached out and smudged a bit of dirt off her cheek. "Well, I think this calls for a celebration. " --- Back aboard the Lambda, Elan laid out the devices on the large table in the center of the ship. In better light, she discovered they were quite a bit more damaged than she'd originally thought, but still not entirely hopeless and there were enough tools on board to help her at least attempt to restore them. She had to admit, the feeling of being surrounded by the potentially influential machines was exhilarating. Poe cleared his throat behind her. She spun around to see the pilot holding up two bottles of liquor. He'd changed out of his jumpsuit and wore a grey cotton shirt with dark olive pants. The outfit was much fitted to his physique than the bulky coveralls and she found her eyes dancing from his head to his. "Dobri whiskey. Strong, cheap, and perfect for our little ceremony. Although, I'm not sure you could handle too much of this." "Bring it on, Dameron," Elan dared. He sat next to her on the couch and held out a small glass to her. After filling them both, nearly to the brim, he angled his to her. "To the scavenger princess of Denon," he said with a grin, sipping down half his drink. "To the best pilot in the Resistance. Who also happens to be a damn good kisser." She downed the shot, shuddering, before looking over to him. He opened his mouth to say something, but she cut him off before he could. "I swear, if you apologize one more time..." He held up his hands in defeat, then refilled their glasses. Elan glanced down at the liquid swirling around inside its receptacle. Poe had already taken the second shot and exhaled sharply. He leaned back against the couch and closed his eyes, lacing his fingers behind his head. She watched his stomach rise and fall as he breathed, noticing the outline of the muscles around his hip bones, reminding her of the feeling of his hips grinding against hers. The touch of his tongue, the idea of that stubbled mouth scraping down past her navel kissing as it traveled down every sensitive, willing inch of her skin... I will not have drunken, sloppy sex tonight... I will not have drunken, sloppy sex tonight... Elan took her shot finally and frowned, shaking her head. She could already feel the liquid sitting in her stomach like a rock and a little buzz was forming in her head. "I need to go to bed," she sighed. Poe looked over at her and winked. "Alone." Don't tempt me, Dameron. ---- Elan slipped out of her own jumpsuit, shook it out, and watched the cloud of dust waft off the fabric and around the room before dissipating. Her first night aboard the shuttle with just a thin wall of metal separating her from a very poor, slightly inebriated, decision. Poe had taken a third, possibly fourth, shot of the strong liquor and she had heard him shuffle to his own bunk and collapse on the bed. She slid under the covers, the thin blanket doing little to shield her from the slight draft flowing through the vessel. Her head was swimming with the thought of that kiss. She'd had lovers in the past, some quite enjoyable, but none of them has ever kissed her like that. There was a hunger, a fire behind it. Something that left her greedy for me. She left her hand travel downward to the hem of her underwear. I said no sex, but I never said no orgasm. She bit her thumb. It must be the liquor getting to her. She hadn't even thought about touching herself since she was a teenager, there had been no need for it with the willing suitors she'd encountered over the years. As if by its own accord, her hand slipped down further, caressing her soft folds, surprised at the wetness that greeted her. She began to rub the tender area softly and knew this would do little to appease her deep frustration, but it would be more immediately rewarding that hoping for a racy dream or two. It would certainly stop her from climbing in Poe's bed and having a night of unbridled, messy sex, potentially thwarting the entire mission. Her pace quickened as she thought of his hands pinning hers above her head, hopeless to his advances. His eager lips following the curve of her neck down to her chest, moaning underneath the weight of his body. Would he be a careful, cautious lover, one who takes care to attend to her most sensitive, receptive skin? Or would he tie her down and fuck her until she begged for more? She bit her lip, her body taking over in carnal delight. Her legs clamped against her hand as she came, gasping into her pillow. Poe snored from the other side of the wall, clueless to her wanton deeds. Elan held her pillow over her face as her breathing slowly returned to normal. Poe Dameron might have just gotten under her skin entirely, heaven knows he'd definitely invaded her mind. This is certainly going to be an interesting week... Chapter 11 : In which our hero has some alone time of his own... Summary: Technically Chapter 10.5 Taking place at the same time as the end of the previous chapter. From Poe's bunk. Notes: Just in case you were curious as to what our favorite pilot was up to... Poe didn’t know what he was thinking swiping the liquor in the first place, considering his last encounter with Elan involving alcohol did not exactly end favorably for either of them, but he had thought of this little excursion as a break from the nonstop chaos of late. Elan had already gone to bed, something he should consider doing as well, but his body felt restless. He risked taking two more shots of the bitter liquor before crashing in his own bunk. Poe shifted his weight back and forth under the covers. His mind was racing, something he’d gotten used to on missions past, but this was different. The feeling of her skin as he touched her was so fresh in his mind it was almost more intoxicating than the liquor itself. The taste of her on his lips felt like a venom seeping into his very being. He rubbed his eyes, trying his hardest to convince himself the last thing he needed to do was climb in bed with her. You know she’d probably punch you in the mouth, Dameron. Somehow, even the threat of possible physical violence didn’t put his mind at ease. He sighed, thumbing at the waistband of his pants. He closed his eyes and thought of how small her body felt against his, the way her fingers laced with his own so effortlessly. Why did you have to go and kiss her? You’re going to fuck this up. You’re on a mission. Focus. As if rebelling against the intelligent part of his brain, he could feel himself hardening at the thought of her. He groaned, feeling the pressure building under the unforgiving fabric. Slowly, his slid his hand underneath the cloth and grasped himself gently, shocked at the stiffness that welcomed him. This is an exercise in self-control, Dameron. He pictured her slender body, dripping wet, completely exposed, how she stood there, her normally light locks darkened by the water, her eyes locked on his. His hand started to quicken its pace as sweat began dotting his brow. He thought about how his idiotic passion took over as he felt her in his arms, her body pressed against his. She was covered in dirt, you dumbass. Give a girl some warning next time. She had accepted his kiss, more than willingly, opening herself to him. And that moaning . Poe bit his lip as he began to writhe his hips with the motion of his hand. He recalled the way her brow furrowed at him when they first met, the spark behind her hazel eyes dumbing him down even then. If she had that much fire when she was mad, what was she like in bed? He began to pulse his hand up and down his length rapidly, almost bringing him to the brink instantly. The feeling of her tongue against his, her hands grasping at him desperately. He couldn't take it anymore, ecstasy assuming control of his body. He came forcefully, spilling over his hand and onto his pants. He was panting and cursing under his breath between gasps. Without thinking, a satisfied moan escaped his lips. He quickly tried to conceal it by letting out a sound somewhere between a snort and a snore that he hoped Elan didn't hear, but knowing his luck, most likely did. Fuck . He waited a few minutes, in case she decided to investigate the bizarre noise that had erupted from his bunk before awkwardly ambling to the refresher to clean himself up. This is certainly going to be an interesting week... Chapter 12 : In which our hero gets to play hero... Notes: This chapter is a little more on the sweet side to start. (Something tells me Poe could probably sleep through anything. Especially after... that.) I'm also struggling with not having them make out constantly. Sigh. Responsibilities. Elan awoke with a jolt to a scraping sound against the wall of her bunk. She sat up in bed, trying not to panic. Smugglers? The First Order? She placed her ear to the wall, listening carefully. A loud tapping noise almost sent her leaping out of bed. Wrapping the blanket tightly around her, Elan crept out into the main compartment. The darkness of the vessel made it nearly impossible to see but she could make out the BB-8’s familiar racket. “Pssht!” The droid turned to her eagerly. “Did you hear that?” BB-8 rotated its head, whistling a confused tone, before rolling towards the large window in front of the shuttle. As if on cue, the tapping sound rattled through the metal hull again. Elan darted to Poe’s bunk, shaking him awake. “Poe! Wake the hell up!” The pilot sat up half-awake, reaching immediately for the blaster beside the bed. “W-what? What’s wrong?” His hair was tousled and he kept one eye squinted shut. “There’s something outside,” she whispered harshly. Poe listened to the silence carefully. “You were dreaming, Elan. Go back to bed.” Poe dropped his head back against the pillow. Elan smacked him on the arm. “Ow! What the hell?” “I’m serious. BB-8 heard it too.” Poe began to protest, but he still pulled back the covers and rose out of bed. “Elan, look we’re in the middle of the woods. It’s probably just birds. There’s a shit load of nocturnal creatures out here.” “What if it isn’t?” she insisted. Poe gave her an irritated, yet still somewhat sympathetic look but Elan found herself suddenly feeling rather foolish. She’d grown accustomed to the slight hum of the old wiring in her bunk on D’Qar and before that the constant stream of ships outside her window would lull her to sleep back on Denon. It occurred to her she had never slept in silence before. BB-8 whizzed up to her and angled his head between her and Poe. Poe smiled down at the droid, who gave a chipper sound in response. Elan still had her blanket wrapped around her tightly, her bare feet becoming colder by the second on the metal floor. She felt like a child. “I’m sorry I woke you up,” she said quietly. Way to be ridiculous, E . Poe reached out and placed his hand on her shoulder, making Elan jump slightly. To her surprise, he had a gentle smile on his face. “Come here.” He took her hand and lead her to the window near the cockpit. He stood behind her, his hands sitting on her shoulders. “Ah. Look,” he ushered outside. Elan squinted in the dimness of the night. “What am I looking at?” Poe pointed towards the steeply angled wing of the shuttle. There were two large orange birds resting on the metal structure, one scaping its beak against it. “Our culprits. Whisper Birds. We had them back on Yavin. A flock of ‘em could fly overhead and you wouldn’t even hear them. They have a beautiful song though.” “I didn’t know you used words like ‘beautiful’.” Poe rested his head against the top of hers. “And I didn’t know you were such a wimp.” Poe ducked, missing her slugging him by a few inches. “Feel better?” Elan nodded warily. Poe shot her an unconvinced look. “It’s just so... quiet,” she replied timidly. “Be glad we don’t have piranha beetles out here. You can hear them chowing down a few clicks away. They can strip the flesh off a runyip in- that’s not helping is it?” Elan shook her with a sneer. “Go back to bed. I’ll keep watch out here.” “No, don’t worry about it. It was stupid.” He was already pulling a chair closer to her bunk, ignoring her protests. “Go to bed. The princess needs her beauty rest.” “Thanks, Poe.” She smiled at him. An honest smile. When he returned it, she had to resist the urge to kiss him. She slunk back to her bed, hearing Poe humming to himself as he propped up his feet on the chair next to him. Within minutes, she was fast asleep. ------ When she awoke, Elan could smell the lingering scent of sweat on her skin as a twinge of embarrassment washed over her. Swinging her legs over the side of the mattress, she stood up and stretched with a groan, deciding the first order of business was a good shower. Don’t forget your clothes this time, you dope. Stepping outside her bunk, the first thing she was was Poe, still asleep in the chair. He must have dozed off shortly after she dragged him out of bed to fend off the monsters in the dark. His head was tilted to the side at what looked like an incredibly uncomfortable angle. Elan grinned and crept over to him. She brushed a stray strand of hair off of his forehead and placed a gentle kiss on the newly exposed area. Almost instantly, his eyes fluttered open, looking incredibly confused to see her before him. He sat up straight in his chair and winced, stiffly moving his neck back to its normal position. “Fuck. What time is it?” He rubbed his shoulder roughly. “It's morning. You fell asleep out here, protecting me from the creatures of the night.” She put on her best damsel in distress voice. “Have sweet dreams?” Poe sat up with a sheepish expression. “Uh, yeah. They were alright. Yours?” Fuck . “Fine.” She dropped her eyes, trying to conceal her guilt. I absolutely did not have completely inappropriate thoughts about you for the majority of the evening. That familiar pull below her navel occurred yet again, her lips almost burning at the thought of the kiss. There was something about his disheveled appearance, still groggy from sleep, that created an evocative sensation. The greedy hunger to be with him was almost visceral. Elan chewed the inside of her lip. Don’t do it. Don’t do it… She dared a step towards him, angling his head towards her face with her hand under his chin. Looking down into his eyes, she pressed her lips against his. Her intent was to do so with trepidation to give him a chance to break the contact, but instead she found herself moving against him excitedly. To her slight dismay, and pleasure, he pulled her onto his lap, returning the kiss with fervor. Her legs on either side of him, Poe gripped her waist as she locked her fingers behind his neck. His hands explored up her back and she could feel the warmth of his hands easily, the cloth of the the tunic being much thinner than that of the bulky jumpsuit. The intensity was building as he positioned his hands on her hips, guiding her closer against him. His lips trailed down her chin and to the crook of her neck, electrifying the skin on contact. Elan moaned, the desire in her raising the heat in her body to almost dangerous levels. He must sensed the fever under her skin, as he began to slow his pace down to an almost torturous speed. Gripping his hair, she tipped his head back to face her. He looked almost helpless underneath her, something Elan found a satisfaction in. Just as she was lowering her lips to his again, a rapid, abrasive beeping began to emit from the pilot station. Poe dropped his head against the back of the headrest. “That’s the transceiver,” Poe groaned in an aggravated tone. “Um…” he ushered to Elan, still straddled over his lap. With (half) mocked annoyance, she swung her leg over him and took the empty seat next to him. He rushed to the console, clearing his throat harshly several times before speaking. “Dameron.” “Poe, it's Raissa. We’ve picked up some static on the comms, you two alright?” “Yeah, uh, just fine. Thanks for checking in.” “Status update to relay to the General?” Poe scratched his head, eyeing the towering pile of holobooks, untouched since the previous evening. “Tell her the recon was successful. We’re in the process of evaluating the data now. Will report back with definite findings soon.” “Roger, Dameron. You're our best pilot, we need you here ASAP.” She lowered her voice. “Elan still alive?” Poe glanced over at her and bit his lip. “Yeah, she’s fine. Gotta keep a close eye on her though.” Elan shot him a threatening glance. Don't say a word... “Keep her safe, Dameron. Raissa out.” He sighed loudly, leaning his knuckles against the station. Even from her spot in the center of the shuttle, his body looked tense. As she stood and crossed to him, and the tension in his body was marked equally on his face. She moved to place her hand on his shoulder but thought better of it, fearing the rejection. "Anyone ever tell you you're a serious distraction, Elan?" There was a joking tone to his voice, but she knew better. "I've never been in the position to distract before." Her eyes fell to the floor. "We have a job to do. I have a job to do. They're trusting me." His eyes were still fixed on the console with an almost bitter expression on his face. "We need to get to work." Chapter 13 : In which our hero falls into a tight spot... Summary: Elan decides to re-investigate the base for more intel, leading to some unexpected danger and a frightening reminder of Poe's military background. Notes: I'M SO SORRY FOR THE DELAY YOU GUYS. Having a job that works with people means germs galore and apparently I have no immune system. I plan to have another chapter up soon for you guys! Thank you all for reading and the awesome feedback<3 Elan struggled with the idea of asking Poe what the matter was and if she should be taking any of his reactions personally or not, but she thought better of it. Poe had stalked off again on a “patrol”, which Elan had interpreted as putting enough distance between them as possible. She knew a fatal flaw of her character was to act on impulse, perhaps her decision to practically throw herself at him just hours before was perhaps not in either of their best interest. She knew very well they were there for the good of The Resistance; her own selfish reasoning was to prove she wasn’t entirely useless. Luckily, she had learned from her mentor enough about how holobooks function that she would be able to at least attempt to resuscitate the ones she had recovered. With tools and gadgets scattering around her, Elan began to dissect the devices to try and bring life into them again. Her tongue was positioned in the corner of her mouth as she fiddled with the aggravatingly small screws, willing herself not to throw the infernal thing across the shuttle. She managed to remove the backing and was immediately greeted by a plethora of dirt and clumps of dust, which was easy enough to clean. Once the pieces were reattached with minimal bloodlust and frustration, the familiar blue glow emitted from holobook as words began to form on the screen. “It’s a diary…” Elan whispered to herself, with a small smile. The text was written by a controller in charge of sending pilots coordinates and was dated just a few days before the base was reportedly abandoned. Not only where there personal datalogs filled with mission notes and debriefing, but the author had listed locations of other caches and base locations as well. Elan quickly scanned through the text, getting only halfway into it before the words became jumbled and blocked out, its data corrupted. She quickly reached for the next device, only to find a deep crack revealing a heavy level of corrosion seeping out of it she hadn’t noticed initially. Cursing under her breath, she went from holobook to holobook, attempting to chance upon another that worked. Another she managed to power on, but it quickly began to sporadically flash chunks of garbled text. With a heavy sigh, she slumped in her chair, halfheartedly picking up the only functioning holobook again. She skimmed the information, most of it in jargon she didn’t understand, but her eyes landed on a chunk of text of the author describing a hidden panel located in the floor of their desk. Elan sat up quickly. If the controller had enough foresight to hide these documents in the brink of a siege, perhaps she’d simply overlooked something of importance. With a sudden surge of excitement, she set out to the base yet again, stuffing the holobook in her pack. There was no sign of Poe or the little droid when she stepped out of the shuttle, much to her curiosity, but she figured there were only the two logical places she would be if for some reason he was looking for her. Once inside, the stark desolation of the structure was again overwhelming; it was almost impossible to envision the place as once bustling with commanders and officers. Elan scanned the floor carefully for evidence of the hidden panel, but still wound up on her hands and knees, cautiously rapping her knuckles against the concrete, listening for signs of hollowness. It wasn’t but minutes after she began her wild hunt, that she heard the sound of footsteps. As she was about to call out to Poe, explaining why she was routing around on the floor, but before she could, unfamiliar voices, and even more concerning, unfamiliar language filled the room. Elan ducked behind the overturned desk nearest to her; a feeling of panic quickly overcoming her. There was a loud clatter, likely the sound of one of the intruders kicking over a chunk of rubble. The footfalls edged closer as Elan dared to glance around the corner. Four men were casing the room, one Elan recognized as a Rodian, two humans, and one with his face covered with a canvas hood and goggles. Whether they were smugglers or scavengers, she wasn’t certain, and she wasn’t too keen to find out. All the men had blasters at the ready and they upturned tables and chairs. One shot a round at a metal bin causing a clumsy ricochet and uproarious laughter. Elan half expected the shot to be aimed at her and she had to clamp her hand over her mouth to stop herself from letting out a loud yelp. Even if she had some means of defending herself, it would be useless against four armed adversaries. Although she was hidden from view at present, it wouldn’t be long before they made their way to her position. There was an open doorway to her left, but it would mean darting across an open area in full view of the men. Suddenly, a hand gripped across her mouth muffling her immediate scream. She clawed at it in protest. “Shh, shh, it’s me.” Poe. He must have heard the blaster fire. He had his own weapon in his hand at the ready. “Don’t make a sound,” he whispered into her ear as he slowly removed his hand from her face. “The static on the comm- smugglers.” His eyes were focused as he eyed the room and its inhabitants. He turned to her with a fierce intensity branded across his face she had not yet encountered. “When I tell you to run, sprint for door, I’ll keep you covered. Stay low. Understand?” Elan nodded, biting her lip hard. They must had heard their whispered voices, a cry came from across the room and a deafening clang rang out as a shot hit the metal frame of the desk, just missing both of their faces. Poe pulled her behind him quickly as he fired back. “Stay down!” He commanded. Elan had to cover her ears with her hands as the rapid blaster fire shots rang out. A random bolt ricocheted off the floor barely a meter away from her position, cutting right through the floor. No, not through the floor- through the panel . Elan could see several datapads hidden underneath the newly exposed floor. She looked up just as Poe fired a blast that cut straight through the Rodian’s neck, immediately he collapsed onto the floor, unmoving. She flinched at the brutality, but even more so at the audacity of one of the other men grabbing his fallen companion’s gun, yanking it out of his hand like his death meant nothing. Poe gripped her shoulder tightly, ducking down to avoid the fire. “When I take out another one, you run, you understand? Get yourself back to the shuttle. Lock the access and if I’m not back soon, you radio over the comm and tell Base what happened. They’ll remotely activate autopilot. Keep your head down, you hear me?” “I can’t just leave you here-” “Dammit, Elan, you can and you will. I mean it.” She glanced over her shoulder at the datalogs- the recovery could be the entire reason for the mission’s success. You’ll get yourself killed . Poe shook her harshly, bringing her face close to his. “Listen to me, when I tell you, you run .” He turned back, firing rapid shots over the desk, which was quickly becoming riddled with deep dents and holes. It would not continue to hold up to much more blaster fire. Another shot from Poe hit the taller of the men in the shoulder and he stumbled back, dropping his blaster rifle in the process. One of the others was distracted by the sight and turned his back, giving Elan a chance for a split second decision. She sprinted for the datapads, hearing Poe yelling frantically behind her, just barely having enough space to reach into the crevice and scoop out the equipment.. One of the attackers spotted her, sending a spray of fire over her head, she barely had enough time to dive behind an overturned shelf before the shots landed inches above her head. Gripping the devices tightly, she scanned the distance between the front exit and Poe. He was still firing at the three remaining men, but continued to flick his eyes toward her. If one of these smugglers doesn’t kill you, he definitely will… Elan looked back toward the exit as the previously injured man took another shot to the head, this time putting him down. She looked over at Poe, reloading his blaster before looking over to her. “Head for the shuttle!” He shouted to her. She hesitated, but he motioned towards the door. “Go!” With a sharp exhale, she sprinted towards the door, the few meters feeling like miles as she tried to keep her head down and away from the rapid fire. The smell of hot metal and burning debris was so strong it felt like it was asphyxiating her, but Elan tried her best to fight through it. Once out in the open, the open field felt like a shooting range. She had no way of knowing if there were more smugglers waiting to attack and the sounds of the blaster fire echoed in the courtyard. Adrenaline still coursing through her, she continued into the woods, clutching her pack to her chest. The forest felt more claustrophobic than it had before and she struggled to get her bearings. The sound of blaster fire reached her ears again, this time sounding much closer. Elan trekked forward, keeping close to the trees, knowing the shuttle couldn't be much farther. The familiarity of her surroundings allowed for a small amount of relief to wash over her as she could just make out the white wing tip of the shuttle. She had never been so happy to see a craft in her life. Before she could bask in the feeling, a beam of blaster fire went coursing right above her shoulder. Elan ducked down, but tripped over a fallen branch behind her, landing on her back. Shit shit shit. Stepping out from the trees she was facing was one of the smugglers from the base, a large burn on his shoulder from where Poe had shot him. Poe . A sickening feeling arose in her stomach and she attempted to crawl backwards on her hands. The man reached down, grabbing her by the neck of her shirt and pulled her up roughly. Elan gasped as her feet lifted off the ground, his grip causing her to struggle for breath. The man fired the blaster above her head, then pressed the barrel against her shoulder, immediately burning through the thin fabric. Elan screamed as the blazing metal searing against her skin. She tried in vain to kick her feet against her opponent, but her strength was quickly giving out. Suddenly, the man's head snapped forward, dropping her to the ground and falling forward. Poe stood behind him, returning his blaster to his side. The man was quickly reviving from the blow to the head and reached for his own weapon. Poe wrestled the blaster away from him, pressing his own against the attacker's head. Elan screamed as Poe pulled the trigger. He turned to her, breathing heavily. Elan had tears welling in her eyes, the pain from the burn on her arm began to reach excruciating levels. The image was fresh in her head, she felt nauseous as she wobbled on her feet. The most violence she had ever encountered was a brawl between two politicians during a heated debate during a hearing. This is a war , she reminded herself. But these men weren't soldiers, they likely weren't even aware of their presence at all. She couldn't help but feel they were simply innocent bystanders. Poe eased himself to his feet, panting, and held his hand out to her. Elan flinched. "Elan, come on, we need to move." He grabbed her hand and pulled her up. He winced as noticed her wound. Elan stood there, dazed, the images swimming in her had like a walking nightmare. "Elan," he repeated. "Hey." He rested his hand on her face, scowling as she flinched again at this touch, but he didn't pull away. "You're okay. I've got you. But we need to get to safety, alright?" She nodded hesitantly, gripping his hand tightly as she followed him towards the shuttle. Chapter 14 : In which our hero shoots out of trouble... Summary: Poe and Elan continue to discover that smugglers do not take kindly to hostility and Elan is reminded of the consequences of her impulses. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Are there more?” Elan asked pensively. She was following close on Poe’s heals, still gripping onto his hand as they made their way to the shuttle. “Could be.” He seemed to be on autopilot himself, his eyes constantly darting across their surroundings, and the blaster aimed ahead. A familiar whirring sound echoed ahead as BB-8 came rolling towards them, letting out a cacophony of beeps and chirps. Whatever was being communicated, Poe listened intently, then grabbed Elan’s arm propelling her forward. “We need to move, now .” Moving in at a full sprint, Elan had to carefully watch her footing as they coursed through the dense wood towards the shuttle. She could hear harsh voices calling out in their unfamiliar tongue, but was unable to trace their source as the disorienting echoes bounced off the trees. A spray of blaster fire rang out, hitting the ground in front of her as Poe grabbed the collar of her shirt, shoving her to the ground. Her pack slid off her shoulder, heavier now with the datapads, and grazed her wound. She hissed at the contact and cursed quietly, digging the heel of her boot into the ground. The voices became louder, at least three or four different ones that Elan could make out, and she feared they were bearing surrounded. “BB-8, can you get Elan to the shuttle? I’ll keep them busy. Take her away from the fire, if I’m not back soon, set the autopilot to the D-Qar base, alright?” The droid let out a distressed sound, then pivoted its head towards her. “Poe-” He reached for her face, a dark intensity in his eyes. “That’s an order , Elan.” Fighting back her emotions, she agreed. Slinging her pack over her unwounded shoulder, she set out after the droid, staying as low and close to the trees as possible. The farther the two traveled, the concentration of shots became more and more rapid. Fear swept over her, but not for her own safety. She stopped in her tracks, the droid turning to her and chirping energetically as if urging her to continue. Ahead of them, she could see the shuttle just meters away. Elan looked over her shoulder in the direction of Poe’s last position. She could see the beams from the fire cutting through the trees like a knife. BB-8 butted against her leg. We’re on a mission, she could hear Poe’s voice in her head clearly. She had already disobeyed once to retrieve the datalogs, nearly getting herself blow away in the process. The intel would be no good to the Resistance if they both wound up dead. Chewing the inside of her lip, she continued towards the shuttle. A deafening crack resounded through the grove and Elan spun around to see a heavily damaged tree, smoldering and searing, crash down to the forest floor. The was a clamoring sound of raised voices and cheering that rose out of the silence. She and BB-8 were nearly at the shuttle’s access ramp, within minutes they could be off this miserable planet and returning to the comforts and (assumed) safety of the base. With or without Poe, and at this point the latter seemed more likely. Elan groaned as she argued with herself. You could return with the documents, alone, potentially contributing immeasurably important data to the Resistance, or you could run back to that damned pilot, potentially getting yourself shot to hell, dying horribly in a bleak, desolate forest planet and no one would even know. The answer should have been glaringly obvious. Elan bent down to the droid, shrugging the precious cargo off her shoulder and laying it down beside her. “Am I crazy?” BB-8 chirped blankly in response. Shit . “I’ll be back. Stay here.” Ignoring the protesting droid, Elan sprinted towards Poe’s location, keeping an eye out for the sounds of the assailants. When she neared the downed tree, she carefully crept down beside it. It was within a few feet of where she’d separated from him, but there was no sign of him now. She could hear the men arguing closeby, hoping that Poe had managed some daring escape. How the hell was she supposed to find him and not get shot in the process? Elan cursed to herself again, a prominent habit of late, and continued along the tree, for once being grateful for her slight size. Just ahead of the her was the large boulder she recognized from her ill-fated journey the first day they landed. There was a crevice near its base, just large enough for a person to take refuge. She dared forward, stepping out from her cover and jogging over to the next barrier, which happened to be a tree hardly wider than herself. Standing with her back against it, she squinted into the darkness of the fissure. Her heart leapt into her throat; inside was Poe, one leg outstretched in front of him, obviously injured, a pained grimace on his face, holding his blaster to his chest. Somehow, his eyes found hers and immediately he motioned her away. Screw you, Dameron. I came this far. I’m not leaving now. In the clearing to her right, there was the battered, lifeless body of a fallen smuggler. Elan gulped at the sight but noticed that on his belt was a small pistol. She looked above it and saw two of the men, their backs toward her. If I could just… She looked back to Poe, still ushering to the direction of the ship, most likely uttering a few choice phrases in frustration to himself. Elan inched forward just out of her cover, stretching her arm towards the pistol as far as its length would allow. Her eyes remained fixed on the two men, praying to whatever deity was listening that their backs would remaining turned. Her fingers reached the pistol, but it was still securely fastening in its holster. She struggled to release it which resulted in her creeping forward more, closer to the adversaries. Come on, you shitty piece of- She managed to pry the weapon out of its confines, but in doing so, inadvertently pulled the trigger. The shot landed directly behind the foot of one of the men, causing him to jump and turn quickly, firing towards her. Luckily, the shots were aimed at face level and her close proximity to the ground meant she could easily dodge the fire. She aimed her own confiscated weapon at the man and fired two shots; one landed against his crotch, the other in his upper chest. He collapsed to the ground, but still appeared to be breathing. His partner scrambled for cover as she made a mad dash towards Poe. She scurried into the hiding spot beside him, taking care not to hit his injured leg. “What the hell are you thinking?!” He spat, nearly shoving her out of the space. “I’m thinking I’m trying to save you, so shut up and accept it.” “If you hadn’t completely disobeyed-” “ Now? Really?” Poe reached forward, snatching the pistol from her hands and turning the dial on the side. “Might do more damage if you took it off ‘stun’, princess .” Elan snatched the weapon back with an indignant glare. Her eyes drifted down to his leg. The wound looked painful. “Can you walk?” Poe frowned down at his leg. There was a deep gash above his knee, but the bleeding had stopped. “I can try.” He glanced back at the remaining foe, who was seemingly perplexed as to why his companion lay out cold beside him. “Here,” Elan flopped his arm over her shoulders, helping him to his feet. In doing so, she unintentionally drove his head against the top of the mossy crevice with an audible thunk . Poe cursed loudly. “I’d be better off with the blaster-toting smugglers,” he expressed under his breath. If I wasn’t immediately afraid for my life, I’d shoot you myself for that. The smuggler was now taking cover behind the fallen tree, thankfully aiming in the opposite direction they were heading. Poe was limping fairly harshly, but was able to keep up with Elan’s pace as they trudged towards the shuttle. “There’s another group of them, they came out of a 578-R space transport,” he wheezed between gasps. “I lost sight of them.” As they continued through the woods, Elan’s knees began feeling the strain of half-carrying Poe and navigating across the uneven terrain. Once the Lambda was in view, they both sped up their pace immediately. BB-8 whizzed up to them, again with a loud stream of whistles and beeps. From behind them, the raised voices of their attackers, sprung up again this time not firing at them, but at the shuttle. “Shit!” Poe grabbed Elan and yelled at the droid to move. It only took about a dozen shots for the left engine of the shuttle to smoke, letting out disheartening mechanical grinding sound. The group of men edged closer, firing multiple rounds at the Lambda, each one cutting into the metal, leaving a burning chasms in its hull. Remembering the pack she’d left near the access ramp, Elan shook herself out of Poe’s grasp and darted towards the bag. The strap off the pack was just barely in her hands before black smoke began billowing out of the engine just a few yards away. Poe managed to hobble to her and grabbed her arm, the one with the still agonizing wound, and pushed her behind a large stone to shield them from the imminent blast. The engine erupted into flames and rapidly blew apart from the frame of the shuttle, causing molten bits of debris to scatter towards them. “Shit, Poe, what are we going to do?” Elan urged desperately. “How the hell are we going to get back?” Poe muttered to himself as he evaluated their options. He looked up with an inspirited expression. “Their transport. Its close, we can commandeer it.” “‘ Commandeer ’? A smuggler’s ship?” “It’s the only choice we have. They’ll probably be scavenging the shuttle for parts, it’ll keep them busy for a while.” As if on cue, the men began charging the still-smoldering vessel, losing interest in them entirely. Helping Poe to his feet again, they began making their way to the transport, keeping a careful watch for other threats that were still likely lurking in the woods. Notes: Again, thanks to my lovely readers<3 Just as a PSA, I'm having much too much fun writing the next chapter >:) Laa-de-daaaa... Chapter 15 : In which our hero realizes his priorities... Summary: Eeeeekkkkk I'm so sorry for making my lovelies wait. I'm told there's a special place in hell for those who don't update their fanfics relatively frequently ;_; Notes: "Dear diary: Jackpot." PS: Starting "Glory Box" by Portishead when they board the transport oddly lines up with... plot points. Just a PSA. The two reached the transport without incident, but Poe had warned her on the journey that there were likely multiple scouts that stayed behind to watch after the vessel. “Oh no, we are not taking that ,” Elan scoffed as she dropped the bag to her feet. Her arm was throbbing from the wound. She poked at the swollen flesh tenderly. The dilapidated transport had multiple obviously shoddily repaired sections and several feet of rusted metal, somewhat blending into its burnt orange paint job. “It's our only option," Poe retorted. "You shouldn’t complain since you’re the reason we’re in this mess.” “Oh, real mature, Dameron. Can you fly this hunk of junk?” Elan rolled her eyes. “I can fly-” “ Anything , right. I remember.” Elan rolled her eyes as Poe headed for the boarding hatch, BB-8 following closely behind. With the clatter of the ramp being lowered, Elan was positive any smugglers in the area would come running. Nearly a fourth of the way down, the rusted metal creaked and froze in place. Poe tried to awkwardly grab the hatch to pull it downward but his wounded leg prevented him from getting the leverage he needed. “Elan, get over here. Make yourself useful.” “You’re grumpy when you’re injured, Dameron.” He positioned his hand as a step for her, which she placed her foot down harshly upon. He lifted her up briskly, Elan almost losing her balance in the process, but Poe steadied his grasp before she could topple over. She was able to work her arms onto the platform but the lesion meant only one arm could support her weight as she attempted to climb upwards. “Get me up higher, I can’t make it.” “This is as high as I can get you, princess. Put some effort into it.” He was able to get her up an inch or two higher, not the help she was hoping for. The snark was certainly not helping. She gritted her teeth as she pulled herself up on the platform. “There should be a crank to your left. These rust buckets always have a back-up ramp control,” Poe called up. “But hurry it up, we got company coming.” Sure enough, the control was next to the hatch, but Elan struggled to pull the lever to its desired position. “Shit, it’s stuck!” She positioned her foot on the side of the switch, pulling with all her body weight. The lever didn’t budge. " Well I can’t get up there without it, so unless you want to be the pilot of this ‘hunk of junk’ , then you’re going to have to.” Oh, fuck you very much, Dameron. With one last-ditch effort, Elan yanked the lever with her remaining strength, wincing through the pain radiating from her arm. The rod flung forward, taking her with it, as the access hatch screeched down to the forest floor with a loud thud, the corner of which narrowly missed Poe, who had been looking out towards the treeline. “Heads up,” Elan yelled down diffidently. Both he and the droid scaled the ramp, but before Poe reached the inside of the transport, sparks flew around his feet as blaster fire cascaded into the compartment. “Get up to the bridge, BB-8 can import the coordinates for D’Qar. I’ll hold them off as best I can. We won’t get very far with these guys on our heels.” “Wait, I need the pack!” Elan shouted. “Elan, leave it.” He grabbed her arm and pulled her farther into the ship. “We’re on a mission remember?” She shook off his hand and sprinted down the ramp, ignoring his orders. The bag was just ahead, directly between her and the assailants. Poe had followed her, firing blasts toward the group of nearly a dozen men who had come out of the woods. Elan was able to slide her hand around the shoulder strap of the pack but not before a shot tore through the canvas, nearly taking her fingers with it. Poe must have seen this occur, as he rushed to her position and pulled her behind him. “Into the transport, now !” he shouted over his shoulder as he continued to return fire. A few shots were ricocheting into the cabin and landing against the stacks and piles of miscellaneous cargo littering the room. “Get that ramp shut!” Poe shouted again. Elan pushed her weight against the lever, letting out a frightened screech when a shot landed inches away from her face. The lever refused to budge again. Poe looked over to see her struggle, pushing her back and yanking the rod downward, causing the ramp to finally begin to lift. “We need to get off the ground.” Poe rushed to the stairs leading to the upper deck. Elan ducked behind a jumbled mess of scrap metal as several of the men advanced closer. She feared they may attempt to board the vessel, but the ramp was able to close, separating her from the combatants. The engines on either side of the transport roared to life, shaking the compartment violently as she felt the craft rise from the ground. The vessel itself was shoddily built and the owners had put in a few customizations of their own, resulting in a hodgepodge of junky additions to the already rickety transport. The higher it rose, the whiter Elan’s knuckles became against the metal she’d braced herself against. She had to clamp her eyes closed although the lower level had no windows to the outside world. The vibration was gut-wrenching as the transport lurched upwards as Poe attempted to kept the vessel steady. If she ventured to the upper deck, it was likely to be safer, certainly more steady and the promise of actual seating was tempting, but the thought of trying to meander through the compartment and try to safely make her way up the ladder caused her stomach to churn. The vessel began to slow, Elan guessed it had reached the outer atmosphere enough to set on autopilot. She stood up carefully, her legs still wobbling from nerves, just as she heard Poe heading down the ladder. He skipped the last few rungs, hopping down and stomping towards her. Elan was preparing to commend him on his flying ability, but before she could, he grabbed her shoulders and pulled her towards him, shaking her roughly. “What the fuck were you thinking?” He shouted at her. Elan stammered, unsure of how to respond. “Not counting the repeated insubordination and deliberately putting yourself in the line of fire multiple times, but you could’ve gotten us both killed. You are a civilian, Elan," he spat. "When I give you an order you take it .” His tone was harsher than she’d ever heard it before. She could see the anger behind his eyes. “ You’re the one who kept harping on the mission. I was trying to do my job,” she retorted, fighting against the anger in her chest. Who the hell do you think you are? “My mission is to keep you safe. You repeatedly jeopardized that. Almost deliberately.” His grip on her shoulders tightened, causing her to wince slightly. Her eyes turned to the pack on the ground, the singed edges around the tear from the blaster fire more apparent in the harsh cabin lighting. “Did you even think what I would do if you’d gotten yourself killed?” “But I- we- completed the mission-” “Fuck the mission.” He pulled her to him, firmly pressing his lips against hers. He pinned her arms against the cargo containers behind her, her back pressing against the box. Elan let his tongue explore her mouth, holding her body against his. This kiss was more intense than their previous encounters; a desperation evident behind the motion. She pulled her arms away from his grasp, gripping the sides of his face, and drawing him closer to her. His hands fell to her waist, pulling her hips against his and running a hand down the side of her thigh and resting it on top of her rear. Poe’s tongue ran across her lip as she fingered the collar of jumpsuit. Taking the hint, he undid the fastening of the garment, shrugging the top half of it down to his hips. The thin shirt he wore underneath hugged the flesh beneath it tightly. Elan ran her hand down his chest, feeling the muscle tone of the skin she’d been so curious for. Poe’s mouth moved to her neck, nipping and gently sucking as he lips trailed along the line of the her throat. Elan bit her lip as she lowered her hand to his crotch, already hardened and straining against the fabric. Poe began to lift the hem of her tunic and traced his fingers along the bare skin of her stomach. She nearly jumped at the contact, her body already feeling sensitive to the electricity of his touch. He lifted her top higher, both hands exploring the new territory of her body, the juxtaposition of the heat from his hand and the cold metal of the container against her back was creating a near overload of her senses. He pulled her tunic over her head, her blonde locks falling to her shoulders. He tangled his finger in her hair close to the scalp, tipping her head back, forcing her eyes to meet his. His hand slid beneath the waistband of her leggings, effortlessly gliding down to her wet welcoming flesh. Elan let out a moan as he twirled his finger, already coated with her moistness, around the soft bud between her folds. Fuck . She dared to keep her eyes locked with his; his eyes were almost ravenous, his mouth slightly agape. He watched her face intently as his continued to stroke his fingers against the susceptible skin, her body betraying her self control as a feverish warmth crept up her neck, flushing her cheeks and ears. Her hips bucked against his fingers, her hands clutched his shoulders, her chest rising and falling rapidly as her breath quickened. As she was nearing her peak, she gripped his hardness in her hand, stroking its length through the fabric. Her eyes trailed from his eyes to his mouth. His breathing had become ragged as if her own breath was creating an intoxicating effect on him. Gripping onto his wrist, she pulled his hand away from her and tugged down the remainder of the jumpsuit to the floor, pooling around his ankles. She pulled her own leggings off and stepped out of them. To her surprise, he seemed hesitant to touch her although her body was entirely exposed to him. They were both almost panting by this point, Elan considered taking a moment to catch her breath although she feared the delay might poison her mind into convincing her she didn’t want to fuck his brains out on the filthy floor of the transport, something she just could not allow. She stepped towards him, again pulling his mouth to hers, putting her hands against his shoulders, pushing him towards the ground. He obliged willingly, kneeling down before her and resting his knees against the floor of the vessel. Elan took in the sight of him below her before lowering her body herself. She placed her legs on either side of his, Poe craning his neck back to take in the sight of her naked frame before she settled onto his lap. Feeling the warmth of his erect shaft against her thigh, she gripped its length in her hand and guided it towards her entrance. He placed his hands on her backside, coaxing her body to take him in deeper. A moan escaped her lips as she began to pulse her body up and down rapidly; Poe’s fingers clinging to her hips controlling the pace of her motions. His mouth moved again to her neck then lower to her nipples. The sensitive flesh was causing jolting waves of pleasure through her body under his touch. Poe was surprisingly thorough and gentle despite Elan’s rather aggressive thrusts, continually slowing her pace with his hands. Frustration rose in her chest, something Poe must have noticed as he grinned dangerously at her, holding his hands firmly against her legs, halting her motion. “Now who’s being insubordinate ?” Elan gasped with a wry smile, taking the moment to catch her breath. In a swift motion, holding his hand against her waist, he flipped her onto her back, and propping herself up on his forearms, gliding into her effortlessly with a stiff thrust. Elan cried out louder this time as she arched her back deeply, the tip of his cock hitting a sweet spot inside of her. He held her hands above her head, pinning her underneath him. “We’ll see,” he crooned, his lips against her ear. Chapter 16 : In which our hero deems once is never enough... Notes: I'm pretty sure I've had more anxiety about uploading sexy scenes than I ever did finals week of college. You're welcome. Still positioned on top of her, Poe tormented Elan’s body by almost languidly pulsing inside of her. She attempted to pick up the pace, but he had her pinned to the floor, assaulting her mouth with his tongue as she moaned with fervor. Swells of pleasure were washing over her as her nails dug into the flesh of his shoulders. Her legs had began to tremble so she wrapped them tighter around his hips, pulling him in even deeper. Poe let out a groan, tipping his head to the ceiling, a euphoric expression plastered on his face. “ Fuck ,” he breathed ravenously. Elan seized the opportunity to force him back onto his knees, pulling herself on top of him to the dominant position, her personal preference, and pulled the thin shirt up and over his head. Not entirely amused with the change in rank, Poe stood, holding her tightly against him still, and laid her on top of the shipping container coaxing her onto her back. The container itself was hip level to him and he was able to stand, continuing to thrust into her. After a few moments of allowing him his way, Elan rose and brought her face to his, both breathing in the same deep exhalations. She slung her arms around his shoulders, bobbing with the pulsating motions of their bodies. Both sweaty, out of breath, and Elan was fairly certain she smelled like the inside of a fuel tank, but the fire passing between them let that all fall away. She could feel herself reaching her climax as a bead of sweat ran down her spine, landing against Poe’s hand, steadying her body against the small of her back. He slipped his hand between her legs, gently thumbing the bud of flesh he found there. Elan cursed loudly, the action bringing her over the edge, cascading into ripples of ecstasy and gasping against his shoulder. Her legs clamped around him, she could feel him shuddering at his own release. He came hard against her, gripping the edges of the container. Both uttering a quiet fuck beneath their labored breaths, they struggled to come down from the carnal high. Elan ran her hand over her face, brushing damp strands of hair away from her eyes. Poe’s hands remained against her body, stable and strong. Thick locks of dark hair had fallen against his brows, sweat clung to the stubble along his jaw. Elan eyed his face carefully; his eyes were closed, a look more akin to languor took over his expression, the muscles in his shoulders beginning to relax. Her pulse was still quickened and her body still misty with perspiration, her arms still draped over his neck. Poe slid his hands up to her face, cupping it gently, and bringing her forehead to his. Elan trailed her hand down to his navel, running her nails against the bare skin. He flinched slightly, Elan wondered if perhaps he was ticklish and found herself chuckling at the notion. Poe raised his head and cocked an eyebrow at her. “Laughter is not exactly something a guy wants to hear after that.” “Sorry.” She dropped her head, tucking her lips into her mouth which felt salty and slightly chapped. Still inside of her, she could feel him softening against her still sensitive flesh before he pulled out gently, that familiar awkward wet sound breaking the silence. He took a finger and ran it along the line of her collarbone, his eyes following its imaginary wake. Elan could see the softness in his eyes but also something below that; something like an affliction invisible to the naked eye. Pain? Poe dropped his head, stepping backward and clearing his throat. “Elan- shit .” He rubbed his eyes harshly and let out an exasperated groan, tousling his hair stubbornly with his hand. “What?” She crossed her arms against her bare chest, willing herself not to be offended by his tone. “You can’t...do that,” he said finally. Elan retorted with a scoff. “Do what exactly?” “You can’t just ignore orders. That kind of defiance gets people killed.” “Excuse me, but I believe your exact words were ‘fuck the mission’. I don’t think you have the right to criticize me for being seditious.” Poe sighed. “You don’t get it, do you?” “Get what , Dameron?” Before he could respond, there came the startling noise of voices from the upper deck. “Shit.” Poe pulled his flightsuit up to his waist and dashed up the stairs onto the bridge. Elan pulled her tunic over her head and trailed after him, half terrified the smugglers had given them chase. As she reached the top of the stairs, she could make out what the voices were expressing over the comm. “...if you do not identify yourself we will be forced to treat the vessel as hostile and take immediate action.” Poe frantically fiddled with the unfamiliar comm system before finding the speaker. “This is Poe Dameron of the Resistance. I repeat, this is Poe Dameron.” “...Dameron?” The voice responded questioningly. “What the hell are you flying?” “Long story. You can tell the General we have what we came for.” “Roger that. You have permission to land, Dameron.” Elan leaned against the doorway, naked from the hem of her tunic down. Poe still had his flightsuit loosely sitting low around his hips. The muscles of his back moved under his skin as he pushed off from the control center counter. When he turned to face her, his eyes immediately trailed down to her bare legs. “How much time do we have?” Elan asked nonchalantly, casually planning another escapade in her mind. “How much time do you need?” He responded coyly, a dangerous expression on his face. She began moved towards him but before she could reach him, he already had his arms around her, lifting her against the wall of the cabin, pressing her back firmly against it and bracing her lower body against his leg. Immediately her cheeks reddened, flushed with heat. With a teasing expression, he ran his tongue slowly across his index finger, then sliding his hand against the bare skin of her inner thighs. His slick finger trailed mercilessly against the tender folds of her, causing jolt of arousal to course through her body. He sucked hard along the line of her jaw and down against her shoulders and his fingers expertly twirled and stroked the responsive flesh. Her hips bucked against his hand as once again the fire of her orgasm arose inside of her. Poe smirked as her muscles clenched against his grip, moaning loudly as she came. His slipped a finger inside of her, feeling her walls wet with arousal tremor around him. Elan was panting, every muscle in her body feeling the magnitude of the moment. Poe gently eased her down to her feet, steadying her with his hands resting against her hip bones. When she lifted her gaze to meet him, a smile was toying at his lips. “Oh don’t look so proud of yourself,” Elan teased, pulling her tunic down to its normal length. “I just thought of you as more of a marathon runner than a sprinter.” He gazed down at his hands and wiped it idly against the side of the flightsuit. “That was...easy.” Elan smacked him on his arm. “Also, before we land, you might want to, uh-” “Put on some pants?” “Well, I was going to say, ahem, cover that.” He pointed to her neck. Elan spun to the reflective surface of the nearest monitor, spotting several reddish circles along her shoulders leading up to her jaw. “Oh, you motherfu-” “Hey, I don’t remember you complaining.” “What are you, fourteen, Dameron?” she griped, rubbing her neck futilely. “But, yeah, pants might be good, too.” Elan made her way down the stairs, trying to be nonobvious in concealing her slightly wobbly gait. Slipping on her leggings, she realized they both probably looked obviously guilty. She tried to smooth down her hair, but resorted to pulling it into a loose bun at the base of her neck as the limp strands hung around her shoulders lifelessly. Shit . She remembered the lovely decorations Poe had left on her neck, as well as the fact that all of her clean garments were back on the Lambda, which had been obliterated. Pulled her hair back down, she wet her palms against her tongue and attempted to at least try to make herself look relatively presentable. Luckily, she supposed, the majority of the marks were on one side of her neck and she was able to swing her hair to one side, grateful for its length. She tugged at the hem of her tunic, still feeling painfully conspicuous. “Well, don’t you look flustered.” Poe had pulled up the rest of his flightsuit and fastened it to his neck. Despite his slightly disheveled locks, he could pass for someone just returning from a brisk jog. There was a slight bounce to his step, something Elan found particularly vexing. A sound came from the corner of the compartment. BB-8 slowly rolled around the corner of a sizeable piece of what looked like another transport. Poe snorted. Elan smacked his arm. “So, um, he, it, must’ve been here this whole-” “Yep.” At this point Poe’s shoulders were jerking as he laughed. “Don’t worry, BB-8’s seen worse. Right, buddy?” The droid made no response as he whirred over to the boarding ramp. Elan couldn’t help but feel like the machine was silently judging her, although she couldn’t exactly blame it. “So, that droid doesn’t have a, uh, recording system or anything does it..?” Poe looked at her with a devilish grin. “Poe?” “Well, he has many features.” “Poe, I swear to-” “Relax, princess. Your secret is safe with me.” Technically, it’s our secret, flyboy . Shit . Suddenly, the weight of their spontaneous, albeit passionate and admittedly enjoyable, romp washed over her. She chewed the inside of her cheek and dug at her fingernail. What does this mean now? For both of them? Her impulsiveness had caused fairly hefty repercussions in the past, however she was not the only player in this game this time. Still, this feeling seemed the type of foe to linger. Don't overthink it, Elan. Don't overthink it. “Hey.” He reached out to her face, tipping her chin up. “You alright?” Elan feigned a smile. “Of course.” Poe seemed unconvinced. “Look, was, um, all that,” he rubbed the back of his neck. “That was alright, wasn’t it?” Troubled concern was plastered on his face. Those brown eyes cut into her as she realized the weight of his question. Somehow she didn't fathom him to be a guy who worried too much over his intimate encounters, although he clearly proved her wrong about other matters. "It was fine. Really," she replied with a slightly more genuine smile. She nudged him with her elbow. "Nice flying, Mister Dameron." Chapter 17 : In which our hero has a welcome return... Notes: A little exposition who those who enjoy plot. Torture for those who are here for the smut. (Sorry, loves.) Mmmmm I have many ideas for some upcoming events, but I'd love to hear what you guys might be holding out for/hoping to see >:) Immediately after the transport landed safely in the hangar, the two were greeted warmly by nearly half of Poe’s squadron. Harsh slaps against shoulders and abrasive hugs were had all around, as well as playful banter at the expense of both Poe and the raggedy vessel. Elan had to grin. It was like watching an unknown language; the smiles and cheers seemed like they were only intended for each other, these foolhardy people on a truly insane mission. The camaraderie was encouraging, and Elan surveyed Poe carefully as he interacted with his team. His smile was wide, causing creases along his mouth and the corners of his eyes. She hadn’t seen this display of true happiness before and she found herself wondering if any of his squad had seen the expression she’d been able to coax out of him. Just as she was smirking to herself at the recollection of their rather eventful excursion, Snap clamped his arm around her and pulled her into the group, others grabbing her hands and rubbing her back. Being included in the celebratory ceremony was not something she’d considered, and she was slightly taken aback by the gesture, as she didn’t really think of herself as exactly important to the cause despite the recent discovery. “Oh don’t look so surprised.” Snap pulled her closer to his chest with a cheerful embrace. “From what I hear, this is going to be huge for the Resistance. We have you to thank for that. Besides, it’s not every day the best pilot in the fleet recommends someone personally for a mission,” he teased. Elan blushed, immediately embarrassed by the physiological response. When she looked up, she locked eyes with Poe, who beamed at her with a proud smile and a casual wink. This did not help to lessen the redness in her cheeks. “Alright, break it up, guys. We have some debriefing to do,” Poe chimed. “And some explaining, Dameron,” Jessika added. “What the hell did you do to the Lambda? You know how hard it was to get our hands on an Imperial shuttle?” “Uh, yeah. About that…” “We heard they lost contact in the command center. We thought we’d lost you,” another pilot expressed. “I guess Poe can add hijacker to his growing list of accomplishments.” Elan reproached jokingly. “Yeah, yeah. All will be revealed. Right now, we’ve got a meeting with the General.” “Well, hey, drinks on us tonight, you two. We’ll be waiting,” Snap announced. After agreeing, Poe guided Elan out of the circle of onlookers towards the main hub of the base. When they were safely out of earshot, she turned her head to him. “So let’s say I’d rather not smell like sweat and engine grease in front of the General…” “Because she’s obviously never encountered that before,” he chided. “Okay, fine. I’d rather not have the aroma of sex, Dameron. I need a shower.” “Need company?” Elan hesitated. Not exactly a repulsive offer . “Well, I need to be in there.” He ushered to the command center. “There, not in your shower. At least not right now.” He smirked again at her. “You get cleaned up, princess. I’ll cover for you.” He took a few long strides forward. “Besides, I think you smell great,” he shouted, quite a bit louder than necessary. A few of the mechanics nearby looked up curiously. Elan tucked her head under her hand and made her way to her dorm. --- Being back in her own shower, one large enough for her entire body to comfortably fit, was a feeling of luxury after the questionable experience in the shuttle’s refresher. Elan closed her eyes against the stream of hot water, the cleansing liquid allowing her muscles some much needed relaxation. Cutting the experience painfully short, she signed and stepped out of the shower, idly pulling on her fresh garments. Wiping off the condensation from the mirror, she began working her fingers through her tangled locks. When she flipped her head to the opposite side, she noticed the reddish marks left from her oh-so-delightful encounter were beginning to turn a more purple hue. Fuck . Elan grumbled as she dug out her cosmetic powder and lightly blotted the product against her neck. A harsh knock at the door echoed into her room. “Dammit, Poe, I said I’d be there!” Impatient bastard , she hissed under her breath. “Yeah, I’m definitely not Poe.” Shit . Elan opened the door with a guilty expression. Raissa stood before her with counterfeit annoyance on her face, lasting only a few moments before pulling her into a tight embrace. “I’m glad you’re not dead, E.” “You know, I’m pretty glad of that myself,” she responded warmly. Shutting the door behind her, Raissa cleared her throat. “So, wanna tell me why you thought I was Poe? I thought you’d have had enough of him after almost getting killed.” “Oh, I, uh,” she stammered. She liked to think she could fabricate a story on her feet to get out of most situations, but she was embarrassingly tongue-tied with this one. “He wanted to run something by me before the debriefing.” With a nervous autonomous motion, she tucked her hair behind her ear before she could stop herself. Shit shit shit. Raissa grabbed her wrist and pushed the remaining strands away from Elan’s neck. “ Oh my fucking -” “Totally not what it looks like,” Elan sputtered, brushing the hair back over her neck promptly. Raissa gripped her friend’s shoulders, leading her harshly forward and plopped her on the couch. She took root on the other end, tucking her knees to her chest, looking all too eager for gossip. "Spill." Elan groaned loudly. “I guess I can’t just get away with saying “a lady doesn’t kiss and tell’ can I?” “Fuck that, Elan. You know how little excitement I get normally that doesn’t have to do with almost certain death? This is the highlight of my fucking year .” Elan chuckled. “Alright, you win.” She started out with their accidental kiss days before, something Raissa insisted that she subconsciously planned, but still let slide and a happy accident. Elan then regaled her with her discovery of the ventilation shaft and its contents, which Raissa brushed her hand at. “I’ll hear about that later. Get to the good shit, E.” “ Fine . He was helping me out of the vent, covered in dirt and whatever the hell else was in there and he just kissed me.” “Just like that?” “Well, I, um, may have sneezed in his face first…” “Mother of…” Raissa palmed her face. “Elan, holy shit.” She began to giggle behind her hand, giving her a hopeless look. “But, hey, at least he still kissed you. Is that how you got the whole-” she ushered to her friend’s neck. Elan chewed her lip and ran her fingers briskly across her scalp. “You didn’t.” Elan looked a Raissa with a culpable expression. Raissa smacked her hard on her leg. “You didn’t .” Again, she had a look of judgement on her face, but there was an underlying aspect behind it Elan knew was amusement. “We almost died. It’s a natural response! Although if it wasn’t for the smugglers, I probably would’ve killed myself.” “Wait, smugglers? That’s what happened?” “Yeah, apparently they had already set up shop on Dantooine. I don’t even think they knew we were there.” Elan’s expression faded into guilt. “I almost got us killed.” “Hey, if I had space pirates firing at me, I’d probably climb the nearest thing like a tree, too.” Elan guffawed at the sentiment. “That’s almost exactly how it went down.” “Oh, did it now?” The two shared an admittedly obnoxious laugh. “So, was it good?” The familiar feeling of redness burned across her face. “Um, I’d say so, yeah. I mean, it was quick. Both times.” Raissa’s eyes widened. “Technically, just once. The second time was more… handsy.” Raissa rubbed her eyes with a dramatic sigh. “Whew. Damn, E. I need a drink. You need several. Then I get more details. The good stuff. But when there’s more time. I just wanted to stop by to make sure you were alright. Clearly, you’re doing pretty good for yourself.” She stood and crossed to the door before turning abruptly. “You did want to right? Best pilot or not, I’ll yank those pretty teeth right out.” Elan rubbed her friend’s shoulder with a smile. “I did. Trust me.” “Think its gonna happen again?” She shrugged. “Honestly? I have no idea. Your guess is as good as mine.” “‘Cause you know I’ll know. Hell, I’ll probably know before you do,” she berated playfully. “That is probably true.” --- The command center was bustling with workers and comptrollers bolting back and forth throughout cramped workspaces and monitors. Elan nervously stepped into the room, which felt like more of an arena, hoping she wasn’t in the way. She wasn’t sure where she was heading, but before she could get too deep into the crowd, a tall slightly imposing man stepped in front of her. “Miss Caledon?” “Um, yes. I’m Elan.” “Follow me.” She stayed closely on his heels, fearing that straying in the slightest would result in being instantaneously swallowed up in the sea of commotion. She was led into a room with a large circular console surrounded by chairs, most of which were filled with important figures to the cause. Among the researchers and commanders was General Organa, whose eyes were glued to a datapad in her hand. Thankfully, in the flood of otherwise unfamiliar faces, she was able to spot Poe, who immediately ushered to an empty seat beside him. He had changed into a clean flightsuit, probably to the relief of those around him, and looked slightly more put together than when she last saw him. He leaned in close to her ear as she took the spot. “We’ve gone through most of the technicals, they’re just going to ask you a couple of basic questions,” he whispered, the warmth of his breath riling up a very inconvenient sensation within her. Elan nodded nervously, sitting as stiff and straight as a board in her chair. Poe rested his hand on her knee under the table, making her jump slightly. “Loosen up, kid, you look like you’re being thrown to the wampas.” “Miss Caledon, who long have you been working with us?” “Nearly four weeks.” She attempted to put on her best confident-not-cocky voice that she could muster. Take that, Dameron . “You’re working in archives, correct?” “Yes. That’s how I came to meet P- Mist- Commander Dameron.” Shit, keep it up, E . She’d been actively engaged in politics from her early teens, yet somehow foreign dignitaries and members of royalty were less intimidating than the military men and women surrounding her now and she could feel eyes boring through her. “Miss Caledon was interviewing pilots who took on Starkiller Base. I knew she’d be the person for the job after I met her. Looks like I was right," Poe quipped. She sensed that Poe had turned to her, but she kept her gaze fixed forward, fighting back the rising heat in her chest. She did happen to glance at General Organa, who had looked up from the device in her hand, her eyes flicking between Elan herself and Poe. A curious expression played on her face. Amusement? Perhaps accusation? Elan relaxed slightly when their eyes met and the General offered a kind smile. “This is indeed excellent work, Miss Caledon,” Leia responded. “Tell me, how did you think to look in such an odd location?” “It just seemed like something I would do.” General Organa’s smile widened. “You’re have to head to the Medbay when we’re done here,” another officer piped up. “Dameron mentioned your shoulder injury.” Elan began to protest, but she was waved off. There were a few more rounds of questions, during one particularly involved one, Poe's finger trailed along the side of her hip, teasing her mercilessly. She side-eyed him only to see one of the best unassuming face she'd seen from him yet as his eyes were focused entirely on the interviewer. Asshole. His finger drew small circles around her hip, trailing up to the top of her thigh near her lap. Oh, don't you dare... His hand slid near the inside of her thigh, running his pinky finger against the crotch of her trousers. Elan crossed her legs tightly, roughly placed his hand back in his own lap. "Man, you're antsy," he whispered against her ear when the commanders were talking among themselves. Not long after, they were cleared to leave, but not before Poe had taken to finding any excuse to try to break her concentration with clandestine touches hidden beneath the cover of the table. “Miss Caledon, a moment please.” The voice came from the General and Elan stopped dead in her tracks, shooting a nervous glance at Poe, who looked amused at her apparent terror. The rest of the staff vacated the room, leaving just her and Leia in the dwarfing chamber. “How are you holding up, Miss Caledon?” “Elan, please,” she offered in response. “I’m alright. Honestly, I’m thankful to have my feet firmly on the ground. I’m not the biggest fan of flying.” Leia chuckled. “I’m sure Poe took advantage of that fact.” She noticed the General used his first name, suggesting familiarity. For some reason, this fact made her slightly anxious. “Clearly we were not intending to send you both into hostile territory. I’m sure that must have been very frightening.” Her tone was kind, genuine, much to Elan's relief. “It was, but it all happened so fast. I think adrenaline kicked it. I hardly remember the fight at all.” Her hand went instinctively to her shoulder. The wound she’d forgotten about, she hadn’t even noticed it since returning to the Base. “He cares about you. I’m sure you’re aware.” The informal tone of the statement caused Elan’s eyes to drop to the floor. This was not the time for her to stick her foot in her mouth. “He’s reckless by nature. Maybe even arrogant by some accounts, but he gets the job done. Whether it's by orders or not.” Leia leaned in closer to her with a smirk, not too dissimilar to Poe’s. “I hear that same mindset runs in you as well.” “That was careless of me. I should’ve followed his lead. I could’ve gotten us both killed, failed the mission, let alone-” Leia reached out and laid a hand on Elan’s arm, halting her rambling. “You did good. We’re desperate for anything of value at this point. The information you managed to obtain is beyond that; if the intel is accurate, there could be an entire network we were unaware of with supplies and resources. Truly, this is an invaluable contribution, Elan. This will not be forgotten. You should be proud.” Elan immediately clammed up. She rarely took compliments well as she rarely had the opportunity to do anything of importance that merited any sort of feedback. She was left unsure as to how to respond. “Take the rest of the day to gather yourself. Celebrate. You deserve it.” Elan smiled, turning to head back to her dorm. “And Elan? Take it from me: men who love their ships more than themselves tend to show affection… differently. Be patient, but let him know when he’s losing track of priorities.” Elan swallowed hard. Priorities about the mission of the Resistance or about whatever the hell their relationship was/is/might become? Was she already thinking of her as a distraction? She didn’t think the General would give advice halfheartedly, so she stored the instruction in the back of her mind, already planning her night of debauchery with the group of rowdy pilots. This will be one for the holobooks. Chapter 18 : In which out heroine has a long night... Notes: I really wanted an excuse to write about drunk pilots and dammit I took my chance. Also I hope I'm not boring you guys too much with plot exposition ;_; I have a playlist here inspired by these two: https://open.spotify.com/user/1275190270/playlist/06dPEO4Z0Sr0jtNHmPQq6i And a tumblr post with my Elan facecanon for those interested! http://coco-monster.tumblr.com/post/140398168222/have-a-seat-mr-dameron-oh-geez-its-not (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The medbay was nearly empty, something that was a bit of relief to Elan. For some reason she’d called up images of maimed soldiers and pilots in varying degrees of pain. For now, it was just her and a single doctor, dutifully check her vitals and taking down her information. As she carefully examined her arm, the doctor let out a hopeful utterance. “It looks like it's a relatively clean burn, no sign of infection or significant trauma. I’ll wrap it up for you and give you a topical in case it begins to ache as it heals. You might have some soreness, but likely a hardly noticeable scar.” Elan nodded, praying that she wouldn’t be questioned about the marks left on her neck, although she was positive the doctor had noticed them. “How are you feeling otherwise?” “Fine,” she responded without any thought. “I don’t really feel it anymore.” “I don’t mean about the burn.” She set her clipboard on the examination table. “Several men were killed in front of you. You were nearly killed yourself. You went from a comfortable, safe environment, to one almost as dangerous as they come. Now I’ll ask again, how are you feeling?” Elan’s eyes drifted to the floor. It hit her that she hadn’t had time to process anything. Her encounter with Poe after was a grateful distraction. Poe . The look in his eyes as he fired the blaster, the shot cutting through the man’s skull like tissue paper. They weren’t furious or hostile, they were just… blank. It wasn’t his first time in a situation that required lethal action, but it was a side that had never occurred to her. Still, he took the shot to save her life. risking his own in doing so. He came to her aid when her own life was perilously close to meeting its end. “Miss Caledon?” She snapped out of her stupor, blinking rapidly and finding that her eyes had begun to water. “It was scary. Traumatic, maybe. But I didn’t sign up to help the Resistance to sit in a room all day twiddling my thumbs. If I wanted to do that I never would’ve left home. I knew the risks in coming here. I just want to go back to work.” The doctor eyed her carefully, slowing, as if trying to flush out any deception in her statement. She hummed once under her breath, punching in her analysis into her datapad. “That’s all, Miss Caledon. You’re free to go. But you’re taking the rest of the day to collect your thoughts. You can go back to your routine tomorrow. But be aware of yourself. This type of work is not for everyone. You’re no good to the cause if you’re not in a stable place yourself.” ----- The silence of her dorm was normally comforting, but the moment she shut the door, it became deafening. She took a seat on her bed, dropping her head into her hands. The feeling of the same fear and anxiety swept over her and she could almost hear the sound of shots flying past her ears. Her heart began to pound in her eyes and her breaths became shortened as the intrusive thoughts evoked the feeling of being absolutely helpless and small, the smell of her own flesh burning under the heat of the barrel, the smile on her assailant’s face as she screamed… For the first time in more years than she knew, she let herself cry. Not the gentle release of a tear or two running down her cheek she’d let happen before, but full-fledged sobbing. Pulling her knees to her chest, she laid down on her side on top of the covers. The tears came pouring out of her eyes as she weeped. She allowed the emotion to overtake her for a time, the length of which she couldn’t be sure. Breathe, Elan. Feeling childish, she took a few deep breaths, shallow and wavering, but the action still managed to calm her slightly. She groaned. Her head had already begun to throb, a painful reminder as to why she didn’t find much relief in tears. turning the cold tap in her sink on full, she cupped her hands beneath the stream, splashing large amounts of water against her face. The shock of the cold against her heated skin offered a reminder that she was here, safe, and in no immediate danger. Elan exhaled again with a quick puff, blotting her face dry with a cloth. She looked at herself in the mirror, her eyes embarrassingly red and slightly puffy, and grumbled as she looked at the clock on the wall. In a few minutes, she was supposed to meet the team of pilots for the observance of the success of the mission, but she couldn’t feel less inclined to celebrate. Just put on a brave face. You’ve done it before. Waving her hands in front of her face to continue to cool her skin, she paced around her dorm, cursing loudly at what she considered a very immature reaction to the experience. After allowing a few moments to collect herself, Elan cleared her throat, blew her nose, and gave herself a once over in the mirror before heading towards the mess hall. At first glance, she didn’t recognize any of the pilots from the morning, and the locale itself seemed rather empty. Frowning, she continued onto the hangar. Almost like clockwork, the closer she got to the hangar, the sound of laughter and exuberance filled her ears. Snap caught sight of her first and he called out her name loudly over the raised voices. “Elan! You made it.” Once again, he clamped his arm around her shoulders roughly, jarring her slightly. He pulled a crate over for her to join nearly a dozen other pilots, Poe oddly not one of them. Jessika waved and smiled warmly as she sat down. “So, you’ve been officially thrown in head-first into a real mission,” Snap cheered. “How’s it feel?” “Only mildly terrifying. I think my office is going to feel pretty boring after that little adventure.” While she’d given her review, Snap had been filling a glass with a dark colored liquid and passed it to her. Without thinking, she took a large gulp whilst enthralled with another pilot’s tale of her first mission. It took everything in her power to not immediately spit the ill-tasting drink out of her mouth on impact. “What the hell is that?!” she gasped, pulling a sour face. The remaining pilots erupted with laughter, apparently waiting with bated breath for her reaction. “Dobri whiskey. Cheap and tastes light engine fuel. But, hey, it gets the job done.” Snap took the glass from her and handed her a more palatable looking beverage. “This is a little more friendly. Sunfruit liqueur.” Elan took a cautious swig, but was pleasantly surprised to find the drink was sweet and dangerously delicious. “Well, we are proud of you, just so you know. You made a pretty epic discovery,” Snap added, bumping his shoulder against hers. Elan gave a sheepish smile. Before she could protest, he topped off her drink. “And that is cause for celebration.” She listened intently to the pilots swapping stories about their own successes and exploits, finishing off her drink which kept seemingly refilling itself. A buzz arose between her eyes, her cheeks flushed, and she found herself getting slightly more chipper than when she’d begun her evening. She leaned in closer to Snap, who was on his third drink himself. “Where’s Poe? I thought he’d be here too, considering he’s why I’m not dead. But don’t tell him that.” He chuckled. “He doesn’t really do these types of things. He’s not really a drinker.” “I know,” she caught herself, “I mean, I heard. But I thought he’d at least show up. “He’s probably in his bunk. He usually crashes after a mission. For all that bravado, Poe’s a pretty quiet guy.” Snap leaned in closer. “He talks about you a lot, you know. And he’s a bad liar. Do with that what you will.” He winked. Elan mustered a scoff. “I don’t know what he told you-” He waved her off. “Don’t worry about it. Really.” He turned to the group, then back to her, lowering his voice. “Between us, he’s had a bit of a bounce in his step the past week. I was beginning to worry about the guy before that. Hoping he didn’t have some weird arrangement with his ship. Or the droid.” Elan snorted, covering her mouth with her hand. “... all three of those bucketheads went FLYING into the water. Good times…” From the time they’d met, Snap’s candid nature was a welcome difference from the other fighters who seemed to have a much more formal demeanor. His charisma and warmth made her feel at ease and comfortable despite her insecurities. However, now thoroughly sauced, the rest seemed to have quite affable and pleasant personalities as well, whether that was the alcohol or not she wasn’t sure. “...and then he had the nerve to ask if my engine thrust was as good as my starfighter’s…” They were a tight knit group. Elan felt grateful to be included, even if it felt like she was the odd one out. “You should go check on him.” Elan shook her head, downing the rest of her drink, the third, shuddering as it went down. “I don’t think I’m in the best state to be good company.” “Oh come on, he’s probably just moping alone in his room. I’m sure he’d love the attention.” Elan chuckled. “Somehow I don’t see Poe ‘moping’,” she said through a giggle. “Besides I don’t even know where his bunk is.” “Well, you’re in luck. C’mon, I’ll walk you over.” “No, really-” “Come on,” he insisted as he helped her to her feet. Elan grumbled again, but followed him after saying her goodbyes to the others. She suddenly became overtly aware of her inebriated state when she began to walk and she had to carefully measure her steps. She hadn’t been in the section of dormitories that Snap was leading her to, much closer to the hangar which made sense if they needed to fly out quickly. The area was surprisingly quiet as it was farther away from the bustle near the command center. After passing about a half dozen doors, Snap stopped and ushered to the door to his left. He took a step closer to her before he passed her, placing a hand on his shoulder. “Look, whatever this is or isn’t, it's none of my business, but just… Just be careful with him, okay? He’s lost a lot. I mean, we all have. But Poe doesn’t take it well. He thinks he hides it but it's there.” “Sounds like you guys are tight.” Snap shrugged. “He’s a good guy. Stubborn as hell sometimes, but his heart is in the right place. Make sure it stays that way, okay?” Elan gave a small smile and nodded. She waited to knock until he was well on his way toward the exit. She wobbled on her feet, rocking back and forth on her heels. Her head was swimming, but she felt if she concentrated, she might be able to pass for just slightly impaired. She exhaled deeply and rapped on the door. While she waited for it to open, she chewed on the ragged skin along her thumbnail, suddenly feeling slightly anxious. Would they just casually have a romp between missions or never have another encounter? What if one or both ended up wanting something more? And why the hell was she here now? She began to question her own motives and juggled the option of just going back to her dorm and getting some well deserved sleep in her own bed. Before she could settle on making her escape, the door slid open. Poe stood before her, clad in a loose fitting shirt and pants, looking fairly bedraggled and somewhat confused at her presence. “Elan?” He glanced down both directions of the corridor. “What’s going on? You alright?” “I just thought you might want some company. I missed you at our little celebration.” “You missed me, huh?” He propped his arm against the doorframe, smirking coyly. “Well, come in.” Elan trudged in, stumbling as she crossed the threshold. Poe turned her by the shoulders to face him. “Woah, woah, woah. Are you drunk ?” Annoyed, she shook him off. “No!” His room was quite a bit larger than her own, although it was certainly more messy. Next to the doorway was his flightsuit, the one from the mission, covered in grease and grime, in a pile like he’d simply stepped out of it and forgotten their existence altogether. There were random bits of machinery and engine parts scattered throughout the room, something which made Elan smile. From the state of his bunk, it appeared he never stopped working. “You should clean your room,” Elan jested, sitting down in chair beside a small circular table, harsher than she meant to. Stupid alcohol. “ You shouldn’t show up plastered in a pilot’s room in the middle of the night.” He swung a chair around, sitting in it backwards and crossed his arms against the top of the chair. “I’m not plastered. I may have a little buzz, but I’ve had worse.” “I’m sure that’s a good story.” He rubbed his eyes and ran his fingers through his hair. His bed was unmade and she wondered if perhaps she’d woken him. Something stirred inside of her as she eyed his bed. It would be nice on something other than a metal grated floor… Poe waved his hand in front of her face. “Base to Caledon, you there?” “Sorry.” She left out slightly melodramatic sigh. “I don’t know why I’m here.” “I thought you missed me.” “I did. I mean- can you stop looking at me like that?” Poe held up his hands defensively. “Like what?” She stood up briskly, teetering a bit, and paced around the table. “Like that . It’s not helping. It’s... it's stupid.” “My face is stupid?” “ No . Ugh.” She rubbed her face, feeling her cheeks burning. Poe stood up and walked up behind her, placing his hands gently on her shoulders, holding her back against his chest. “What the hell is going on, Elan? You sure you’re alright?” She forced herself to turn to him, surprised at seeing legitimate concern on his face. His dark brown eyes looked heavy-lidded and borderline exhausted. The close proximity of their bodies again bringing up feelings she didn't know what to do with. There was a comfort in his arms, something that was almost scary as it was so unfamiliar. His eyes were scanning her face, as if attempting to read into what she couldn't say. Fuck it. She pulled his face to hers, her lips exploring his as if she had done it a dozen times before. She draped her arms around his neck, her tongue sliding against his bottom lip, something she remembered he seemed to enjoy before. The embrace lasted only a few moments before he pulled her away from her, clearing his throat, and taking her hands in his. "Elan, come on. We can't do this with you... like this. It'd be a mistake." She pulled his face down to hers again, tipping his head to gain access to his ear. "Maybe I want a mistake." Notes: Okay, vote- did they or didn't they? Chapter 19 : In which our hero takes his time... Notes: So... this is a very NSFW chapter. Just as a warning. A little treat for the delay in updates. Just so you know Meg Myer's "Desire" might be a super sexy song to play while reading his chapter >:) More headcanons: "Right now?" http://33.media.tumblr.com/23638855ba690e738b0ee919e0e4941e/tumblr_inline_noyq69yyND1sc3ygs_500.gif "Yes." http://31.media.tumblr.com/419e3b5f9de257f9eeb4cd7cf2afc03f/tumblr_n308svI3ZX1qb0jsbo2_500.gif (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “Elan, woah.” He held her hands tightly. “You and I both know that would do more harm than good. Seriously, I’d love nothing more than to bend you over that table, but right now,” he shook his head. “I think we’d both enjoy it more after a decent night’s sleep.” Embarrassment washed over her and she turned her attention to her feet. “Hey.” He cupped her face with his hands, offering a small smirk. “Rain check, okay?” “Fine. I’m just saying, my thrusters are primed and ready.” “That’s, uh, not how they work…” She shot him an icy stare. He held up his hands in surrender. “Well, now that I’ve thoroughly made a fool of myself, I’m, uh, I’m gonna go.” She took a step forward, tripping over her own foot and grabbing the table before she could topple over. “Not like that, you’re not. Here.” He lead her to his bed and sat her down. She looked up at him with a raised eyebrow. “I thought you said you didn’t want me to get in bed with you.” “Ha. Ha. Just get some rest. We’ll, uh, reevaluate in the morning.” Lifting up the covers, he beckoned her to crawl underneath. “You getting in here?” “I’m pretty sure we’d both wind up with some sort of aneurysm if we tried that. The couch is more comfortable anyway. I’m there most nights as it is. Besides, you seem like a kicker.” He leaned in towards her face, moving to perhaps place a kiss on her forehead, but apparently thought better of it as he shook his head with a sigh. “Get some sleep, princess.” Elan wiggled under the covers further, taking in the scent of him surrounding her. The pillow smelled of his hair, reminded her of the feeling of his head tucked under her chin as her hips bucked against his, her breaths ragged and strained, his hands desperately running over her bare skin… She groaned again, pulling the covers over her face. She peeked her eyes over the top sheet to see Poe sitting with his back to her, already fiddling with some piece of scrap electronics, tools in hand, his own mind probably already drifting off the thought of her. He was so meticulous, his head bent closely to his project, and she could just make out him humming while he worked. Elan wrinkled her nose in frustration. I’m not that drunk. I could… function. But alas, her head was swimming; now that she was horizontal she could easily feel the effects of the alcohol and she swore drinking with pilots from here on out was completely out of the question. Her eyes fluttered closed and she allowed herself to drift off to sleep. The morning hit her with disorientation and slight nausea. What the in the ever-loving hell… She slowly realized her location. This is Poe’s room. This is Poe’s bed. But there’s no Poe. Having absolutely no idea of the time, she turned her attention towards the bathroom, the door slid open to reveal its empty contents. Had he already gone about his daily duties? The clock beside the bed showed it was still fairly early in the morning, definitely before her own shift started, but pilots could have a different schedule altogether. Apprehensively, she sat up in the unfamiliar bed, the covers pulled to her collarbone (as she knew from experience that Drunk Elan thought it pertinent to disrobe before sleeping), although she wasn’t entirely sure what she was covering up for. He’d seen her naked twice not to mention the rather intense sexual escapades that had already occurred. Throwing caution to the wind, she slung the covers off and stood, shockingly still fully clothed, swaying slightly as steadied herself. She was glad to still have a vague recollection of the previous night’s events, although remember the accompanying embarrassment she could have done without. Her shoes were placed carefully by the door, something she knew she hadn’t done herself. All she could hope for was that she didn’t kick Poe in the face as he tried to work them off her feet. The image did however make her chuckle as she scanned the curious new dwelling with sober eyes. He had picked up the random clothes scattered on the floor although she noticed he had simply stuffed them in a pile on chair next to the table. She turned her eyes back to the bathroom, contemplating getting a much needed shower, but she knew with her luck the second she hopped in, Poe would return, likely interpreting it as an open invitation. She couldn’t make it that easy. Just as she was weighing her options, she heard the familiar beep of a keycard as his door slid open. Poe walked in, still in loose fitting bottoms and a plain t-shirt, a pastry stuffed in his mouth, and several more in his hands, balanced atop two steaming cups of tea. He smiled as best he could and attempted to say something through the crumbs but just the sound of muffled vowels came out. Elan took a cup from his outstretched hand, freeing it so that he could take the oversized pastry out of his mouth. He licked the sticky sugar residue off the corners of his mouth, suddenly looking very content. “I thought you might be hungry.” He handed her a buttered croissant and one of the mugs with a smile. “Did you sleep alright?” “Um, yeah, I did. Thanks. Sorry for exiling you from your bed.” She took a larger bite than she meant to and had to awkwardly stuff the treat back into her mouth. Sexy, Elan . She sat back down on the corner of his bed, balancing her mug on her thigh. “Don’t worry about it. Hey, I actually wanted to, uh, talk to you.” He took a place beside her. A pang of anxiety coursed through her veins. Oh boy . “I just wanted to say that whatever… this-”, he ushered between them, “is, it’s fine. By me, at least. I don’t want you to feel like, uh.” He exhaled sharply, rubbing the back of his neck, something she’d picked up as a nervous tic of his. “This is not how I planned this two seconds before coming in here,” he chuckled shyly. “What do you think this is?” “I guess I haven’t thought about it. You?” He turned his head toward her, his face a mirror for his apprehension. Elan shrugged. In truth, she’d had fun with him, but she didn’t really think much further than in the moment. If she was honest with herself, she really didn’t know what she wanted. But, she certainly knew what she liked. “I had a good time.” She took a refreshing sip of her tea, it’s warmth traveling down her throat. Something stirred inside her, whether the liquor was still working its way out of the system or the recollection of their previous exploits was enough to awaken a desire in her she was all too eager to please. “We could still have a good time.” Setting the cup down on the chair beside her, she looked over to him in time to see him stuffing the remainder of his pastry into his mouth, his eyes widening at her statement. “Right now?” His voice was muffled by the mouthful of food. Elan scooted closer to him, brushing his hair off his forehead. Poe swallowed hard, cleared his throat and turned to her. “Yes.” “I didn’t bring that up to coax you into anything or...anything-” Elan planted her lips against his mouth, leaning him back against the pillows. His hands rested against her waist, his thumbs slipping under the waistband of her leggings. The feeling of his fingers against her bare skin was electrifying. She positioned herself on top of him, working her own fingers through his hair, tangling them tight in the dark tresses. His initial surprise seemed to dissipate as his hands tightened around her waist. The feeling, however, was short lived. To her chagrin, he pulled back, his brows furrowed. “This is weird…” Elan sat back against his legs, crossing her arms. “We’re actually on a bed.” “We can sneak out to the hangar if you’re desperate,” she retorted. Poe smirked, grabbing her waist and heaving her underneath him, immediately running his tongue across her collarbone. He pulled her shirt over her head, planting yearning kisses along her chest, causing small moans to escape her throat that grew louder and deeper as his mouth found her nipples. His tongue flicked over the tender flesh as she squirmed beneath him. He was taking his time, painfully so, without the threat of death looming over them he had the time to do with her as he willed. Elan glanced down at him, clenching her jaw to keep from crying out as he working his fingers over her nipples while his lips trailed even lower still. His eyes were closed in concentration, almost as if he was savouring the taste of her skin. His palms had a roughness to them as they cupped her breasts, nothing like the soft hands of the wealthy, pretentious sons of politicians she’d sneak up to her room after their parents were thoroughly trashed after a dinner party. The hurried fumblings, nothing special or sought after, something she’d convinced herself was a conquest of her own although it felt like little more than a trivial one at best. Poe began working down her bottoms as he kissed along her navel to the soft edge of her hipbone, letting out quiet moans of his own. He seemed pleased in the reactions he was eliciting from her, but he kept his pace steady, even though she was certain he was aware of her almost melting under his grasp. He slipped off her remaining garments, her body now fully exposed. He sat up, his eyes ran over her body hungrily, biting his lip as he gripped her thighs. Slowly, he lowered his head to her knee, brushing his lips against the curve of her leg, trailing down to her inner thigh. He eased himself onto his stomach, cupping his hands around her hips gently pulling them further apart, further exposing herself to him. “Poe…” she started. The childish feeling of self-consciousness arose in her. In a daring gesture, he locked eyes with her, easing his head forward, his tongue running along her slick eager folds. She arched her back deeply, gripping the sheets tightly in her hands. His mouth worked expertly to please her, his hands pulling her body closer to his to work deeper into her. Elan’s moans grew louder with each meticulous stroke. She reached down, gripping with hair and directing his pace to quicken. He obliged and she could feel the heat rising from his skin. She was nearing her climax, her legs beginning to tremble, but Poe wasn’t ready for her to finish. He hoisted himself up to her face, his fingers teasing between her legs, stroking the wet swollen flesh. She pulled his mouth to hers, tasting herself on his lips, and feeling the strain of his erection pulsing against her leg. Perhaps too eagerly, she pulled down his bottoms, gripping his length and working her hand against it. He let out a low moan, almost a growl, something that only strengthened her desire for him. She shifted her body underneath him, working her legs on either side of his own, guiding his stiffened organ towards her entrance. He glided into her, her warmth encasing him, his hands propped up on the pillow on either side of her head. His thrusts were strong but still reserved as he rested his body on top of hers, both sweating and panting. His fingers were running over her naked skin, taking in every inch of her with desperate fervor; Elan was unsure if his hands were trying to hold her together or tear her apart although she’d given him the power to do both. With a few more solid pulses, she could feel the fire of her orgasm rising in her core, her eyes clamped shut, moaning with every lunge. “Look at me,” he whispered. She willed her eyes open to meet his, the deep ache in her growing stronger with each motion. Poe watched her face intently, his tongue running over his bottom lip and his own moans began to match the intensity of hers. She could feel his muscles tense, his thrusts becoming more erratic as he neared his own peak. Pacing her body, she bucked her hips harder against his, her legs clenching around his waist allowing him even deeper inside her. In the same moment, they both let out a ravenous cry, Poe cursing between gasps, as they both came instantaneously, Elan could feel him release inside of her. Panting, he rested his forehead against hers. Elan could still feel her orgasm rippling through her body, her tender skin still wet with euphoria. Immediately, languor washed over her as she brought her hands to her face. Poe collapsed beside her on the bed. They both laid on their backs, staring blankly at the ceiling, trying to catch their breath. After a moment, Elan let out a satisfied exhale, a smile toying at her lips. “Fuck,” Poe said finally. Elan let out an almost giddy chuckle. He turned his head to her, a smirk already on his face. He turned over on his side, rested his head against his palm. He reached out, trailing his fingers across the line of her hip. There was silence between them, a calming silence. He continued to run his fingers across her torso, watching the invisible trail left by the wake of his fingers. Elan eyed his face. There was a softness to it she had not yet seen. He looked happy . She felt vulnerable in this state, exposed, something that was frightening. But looking at him now, there was something else beneath her apprehension. Contentment; something she didn't remember the last time she felt. Notes: Somehow these chapters seem so much shorter when I paste them over. Drat. So I guess my goal can be to add some length to the next few. (That's what she said...?) Thanks for reading! Chapter 20 : In which our heroine struggles with unwanted emotion... Notes: *WARNING- this chapter deals heavily with anxiety/panic. I would feel like a giant jerk if I didn't slap a precautionary label for my fellow anxiety peeps. I gotchu, fam. Also, it's con season, so I APOLOGIZE AGAIN FOR THE DELAY. I have a con in Seattle I'm hitting this weekend, as an X-wing pilot no less, so if you guys are interested I might post a pic of the finished product in the comments for your enjoyment. “Don’t you have galaxies to be saving?” Elan quipped as she stretched her arms above her head with a contented sigh. Her heart rate had slowed to a normal pace thankfully, but she was still struggling with coming down from her rather epic peak. “Don’t you have archives to run?” He teased. “I need to space some quality time with my starfighter. I think it misses me.” Elan rolled her eyes, sitting up with a groan, grabbing her leggings from the foot of the bed. Poe ran his finger along her spine, the warmth of the digit feeling pleasant against her bare skin. Embarrassingly, she couldn’t spot the rest of her clothes as she scanned her immediate surroundings, scrunching up her nose. “Ahem.” She looked over her shoulder to see Poe pointing to her top, with was draped over the corner of the bedside table. As she leaned over to reach for the garment, he wrapped his arm around her waist, pinning her to the bed on her stomach. Elan let out a surprised yelp as Poe gave a victorious chuckle. “Hey, I’m enjoying this view, I’m not ready to give it up yet.” He ran his hands down down her back again, their roughness still slightly unfamiliar, but still welcoming nonetheless. He brushed her hair away from her neck to one side, lightly placing his lips against the nape of her neck, gently sliding his hand around her side to cup her breast. Elan cooed, closing her eyes, thoroughly enjoying the sensation. “You’re making this way too easy for me,” he whispered dangerously against her ear, his hand sliding further down her torso, his finger toying mercilessly against the sensitive skin below her navel. A very ill-timed electronic beeping sound emitted from the terminal built into the wall of the dorm. Poe let out a frustrated exhale as he hopped off the bed, and strode to the comm, hitting the back of his hand against the receiver. “Dameron.” “Dameron, the General requests a meeting with you at once.” “Could it wait-” “ Now , Dameron.” “Alright, I’m on my way.” He reached into the drawers beside the bed, pulling on a wrinkled flightsuit and fastening it up to his neck. His movements were almost mechanical, the habit of the ritual most likely akin to the autopilot on his ship. Plopping down on the chair beside him to pull on his boots, he glanced over to Elan. “I swear, you blow half the First Order to hell and suddenly everyone wants you.” “So, what, does that make me a groupie?” “Please.” He waltzed over to her and ran his fingers across her jawline. “You’d be the executive groupie.” He moved in for a kiss, but Elan planted her palm against his face and shoved it away. She yanked her top over her head and flipped her hair out of the neckline. “I should probably get out of here.” Poe let out an overly dramatic gasp, putting his hand to his chest in mock horror. “What will the other officers think? An innocent, impressionable young woman leaving the quarters of a dashing pilot in the wee hours of the morning? There’s bound to me talk.” Elan scoffed, pulling the collar of his flightsuit down to bring his face level to hers. “I am not innocent. And I couldn’t give a fuck what people think.” Poe gaped at her with stunned amusement. She smirked at him, smoothing his collar down and patting his chest, clearing her throat nonchalantly as she did. She happened to glance further down, seeing a all-too-obvious bulge between his legs. “And you said I make it too easy.” “Oh, come on. That’s not fair.” She raised an eyebrow. “I’ll see you later, Commander .” --- This end of the base felt slightly disorienting as she made her way to her bunk. It was still fairly early in the morning, though she couldn’t be sure of the exact hour. Luckily, she passed no one in the hall, but she could hear chatter as she trekked toward the mess hall. The noise felt like an assault on her ears, almost amplified. Odd . The sound only grew more cacophonous as she entered the the room and she found her footsteps falling faster as she pressed on. Somewhere in the room, someone dropped their metal tray, a horrendously loud clang echoed through the hall. Immediately, Elan ducked, grabbing the metal railing beside her, almost flinging herself over the metal barrier. Fuck . Her heart pounded in her ears, her mouth as dry as a desert planet. The rush of panic was still coursing through her veins like a viper, the memories of Dantooine flooding her mind. She could almost smell the singed greenery around her, hearing the blaster fire surrounding her like a threatening embrace, the uncertainty of whether or not the next shot would blast right through her. Elan struggled to catch her breath. Her throat felt like it was collapsing in on itself. A dizzying sensation toyed with her vision as she stumbled towards her dorm. Once within its confines, she crumpled onto the floor, breathing in as deep as she could. Her hands were shaking as she wrapped her arms tightly around herself, gripping her shoulders tightly. You’re safe. You’re in your bunk on D’Qar. No one is shooting at you. No one is trying to kill you. You’re safe. “You’re safe,” she said out loud. The words did little to appease the nervousness in her stomach, but she was slowly regaining control of her breath. Her mind circled around the image of the man’s face, twisted into a sick grimace, as the barrel of his blaster rifle burned into her flesh. Another image of the man laying on his back as Poe aimed the weapon at his face and fired. She watched the light of life leave his eyes in an instant. Just one small moment and his existence ceased to be. That’s all it took. Poe moved mechanically afterwards, clearly not his first close call. How many people had he killed? Did her ever feel this unwarranted rush of emotion wash over her like hers was now? Or was this all just part of his duty? Her knees shook and her tongue still felt too large for her mouth, but she eased herself to her feet and ambled towards the bathroom. She let the cold water flow over her hands for a moment before bringing them to her face, the water immediately feeling warmer as it made contact with her skin. Her hands with trembling, her heart still racing. You have a job to do , she reminded herself. You need to focus on that. Work. That’s what she needed right now: to throw herself into a project, occupying her mind. With another deep breath, and a slow exhale, she set out towards the archives office. Although she all but sprinted through the boisterous chatter of the mess hall, once she was in the quiet comfort of her office, she found herself easing back to normality. Work was always a source of relaxation for her, although on Denon she had very few actual duties. The ones she had were often mindless and dull, most likely shadowing one of her father’s meetings or her mother’s pretentious banquets with horridly uncomfortable garments that felt like her entire body was contorted into a misshapen shell of a human. The task at hand was again, transferring data from the holobooks the techs were able to decrypt and restore to an actual functioning database. The system itself had been designed specifically for her, something that she took great pride in to perform at her best. She tried her best to input the data as blindly as she could, the material was still incredibly sensitive and she thought it much too important for her eyes. The repetitive nature of the work was something she was grateful for, it kept her mind busy, and for the moment, her anxiety at bay. She had several hours to herself, most of which felt like a lifetime, but even the boring safety of her lab felt comforting compared to her previous days’ environment. After what felt like felt like eons, with a heavy sigh, Elan leaned back in her chair, letting her arms go limp at her sides. Forcing herself to her feet, she stretched her hands above her head, an audible crack of her spine breaking the silence. There was a rapping against the metal door, further killing the calm of the room. “Yes?” The door slid open, revealing Poe standing in front of the threshold. He gave a small smile when he saw her, which she returned. “Hey, you,” he quipped, stepping inside the office. He whistled as he eyed the stack of holobooks lying in disarray across its surface. “You busy? I can come back.” “Actually I need a serious break.” Elan tipped her head to the side in attempt to loosen the tension in her shoulders. “Did you need something?” “Uh,” he began, taking a few timid steps closer to her. “I wanted to talk to you. Just, uh, see how you were doing.” “What do you mean?” “Look, we both know that mission did not end up going as smoothly as planned.” He leaned against her desk, propping his palms behind him. “I just want to make sure you’re handling it alright. I mean, it's understandable if you’re not.” “You don’t think I’m ‘handling’ it?” Elan crossed her arms over her chest tightly. If there was one thing she detested above all else, it was people questioning her judgement. Whether it was well-founded or not. “Hey, I wouldn’t know if you were or not. We haven’t done that much talking since you’ve been back.” “I didn’t hear you complaining. And I’m fine.” He sighed. “Alright.” He dropped his head.“I’m just saying, if you need to talk about it, do it. It’ll tear you apart if you don’t.” “And I’m supposed to talk to you?” “Of course you can talk to me.” He straightened his back and turned to her. “You don’t think I’ve been there before?” Elan took a step back defensively. “Elan, look. I know you want people to think you’ve got your shit together. That’s fine, I understand that, I do. But you can’t pretend like that’s the truth. You’ll only hurt yourself.” He lifted his arms, placing them gently on her shoulders. “I mean it. Don’t let yourself burn out. Besides, I kinda like having you around.” He smiled at her, not his usual smirk, but something softer. Kinder. But there was pain behind it. Perhaps the pain of commiseration, but she could still sense it. “I appreciate that.” She exhaled slowly, stepping back again. “But, really. I said I’m fine.” His expression melded into something more like disappointment, perhaps a twinge of annoyance. This was one battle he looked like he’d already lost. “Offer’s there. You know where I am.” He turned quickly, too quickly, and he boot careened into the metal foot of the desk, resulting in it shooting back almost a foot with a loud scrap and Poe nearly toppling forward. The sound make her jump, immediately clamping her hand over her mouth. A cold wave of sweat and near panic washed over her. “Fuck,” Poe spat, righting himself against the corner of the desk. With a grumble, he took a quick glance over his shoulder, double-taking when he saw her face. “Hey- Elan, woah. You alright?” He immediately crossed to her and placed his hands on her shoulders again, this time a tighter grip. Her eyes were tightly closed, her hand still to her mouth. She couldn’t bring herself to look at him, although he’d bent his knees to bring her his face level to hers. “C’mere.” He pulled her into his arms, resting his chin on top of her head. Her arm hung limply at her side, her knuckles pressed against her lips as she let her head fall against his chest. He was swaying slightly, one of his hands cupped around the back of her head. Don’t… Elan blinked her eyes a little too hard and an errant tear ran down her cheek. She tried to turn her eyes to the ceiling in hopes to dry the remaining moisture in welling against her the corner of her eyes but she found herself useless in the fight against the delinquent emotion. “You’re alright,” Poe said quietly, his fingers sliding through her hair. This was the closest they’d ever been, despite the numerous torrid encounters; the difference between their past intimacy and the closely of the current embrace feeling more raw and exposed. Poe was speaking quietly against her ear, what it was she couldn't focus enough to make out, but the sound was a comforting one. She allowed herself to take a few moments of silence, her heart slowing again, her nerves slightly calming. She hated the feeling of vulnerability; it was something she very rarely allowed herself experience. You have something that's expected of you, you do it. She could hear her father's dutiful tone clearly. Duty. Something she had for once, something she took very seriously. Elan stepped away from Poe's arms, wiping her fingers across her face. "I'm fine," she announced quietly, almost as if she was trying to convince herself that the sentiment was actually true. "You think I don't know how to recognize what's going on with you? You think I haven't seen it with my squad? You think I haven't felt it? Hell, E, I could make a career out of pretending everything's fine. But you have to get right with yourself." There was a sternness in his voice, a soldier's tone. She was receiving a direct order. "I'm fine," she repeated. "Or I will be. I'm just trying to deal with... all of this." "Just let me help, alright?" Elan let out a breath slowly. Her eyes connected with his; looking at her through a row of dark lashes, telling a story of their own laden with its own pain and trials. "Alright." Chapter 21 : In which our hero contemplates a new strategy... Notes: AHHHHHHHHHHH I'm so sorry for the long absence ;_; I'm still getting notifications of kudos and such and you guys are the best for still reading. I have a shorter chapter for you guys just so you don't forget about me but I PROMISE I'm not abandoning these two. THANKS FOR READING <3 PS: "Lucky You" by The Deftones is my recommended listen for this chapter, at least the beginning of it. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Elan stood there feeling rather foolish, pecking at a non-existent speck on the floor. Poe placed his palms behind him on the top of the desk, pushing himself up to sit in his adopted seat. He motioned for her to sit in the chair he was facing, which she meandered to, a look of apprehension on her face as she eased into the vacant spot. “So, Miss Caledon,” he began in a voice that was akin in cadence to the higher ups on the command deck. “What seems to be troubling you?” “Really?” Elan retorted flatly. “What?” “You really want to talk this out like some sort of therapy session?” “Hey, I’m just trying to help out a friend.” Elan eyed him inquisitively. Somehow the word “friend” stirred up a nervous feeling in her stomach. She didn’t know what the hell they were, but they certainly weren’t friends. She wrinkled her nose at the notion. Poe slid closer to her, pushing a few documents and holobooks aside. “Elan, I’m here for you, alright? I’m not just saying that because of...” his voice trailed off. “I just am, alright?” The corners of her mouth twitched into a smile. “Thank you, Poe.” “So. Spill.” Elan groaned. Sharing was not her strong suit. “I don’t know, I, uh,” she started, bringing her eyes briefly to his. He was already looking at her with a questioning glance. She sighed again. “That whole situation… I just felt completely helpless. I’ve never even held a blaster before. If it’d needed to use one to save our skins, I don’t think I could have.” Elan dropped her head lower. “I felt completely powerless.” “Well I could teach you how to shoot. That's the easy part. Look, no one has an easy first mission. No one. Hell, if they didn't come back freaked after seeing combat, that's when they should be worried. You did good, alright? I've told you that. Stubborn as a Wookie though. You should work on that." He bumped his shoulder against hers. "I could've gotten you killed, Poe," she uttered quietly. Poe let out a small chuckle. "I've had closer calls. Besides, my mission was to protect you. I was doing my job. But you run off like that again and I'll have to start keeping you on a tether, not just in the bedroom either." Poe grinned. “There’s a training bunker on the base. Get out some of that aggression you’re harboring.” “You think I’m harboring aggression?” Elan cocked an eyebrow. Maybe not scary aggressive, but, I’m just saying you’re, uh, passionate when we were… you know.” “Really, now?” Elan crossed her arms tightly. “Maybe that’d be a good release for you. You in control, I mean.” She felt heat rising in her cheeks she felt was glaringly obvious. This is your strategy, Dameron? She couldn't help but wonder if this was a tradition with his fellow commanders. “Of course, when I offered my services, this wasn’t exactly what I had in mind.” He smirked at her. “But I’d be a willing participant. For the good of the Resistance, of course.” He slid his finger into the waistband of her leggings and pulled her against his side, slinging his arm around her waist. She turned her face to him, his warm brown eyes scanning down her face to her chest, his fingers slid up to the fastening of her jacket. "No reason not to get a jump on this right?" Elan grabbed his hand tightly. "Did I give you permission, Commander?" A smile broke out across her lips, feeling childish and silly in her mock agitation. However, the look in Poe's eyes told her she may not have been as unconvincing as she feared. "Yes, ma'am," he responded, straightening his back. "I apologize for the insubordination . Won't happen again." His tease on the word sent a pleasurable jolt to her core. "And if I ordered you to fuck me right now?" "I am sworn to follow your orders." He smirked briefly, but quickly went stone faced, already committing to his role. Impressive. Her heart began beating wildly in her chest, Poe eyes locked on hers. "On your knees. Commander ." Poe obliged, kneeling slowly, lowering himself to the ground. His head was barely level to her navel. Elan lifted the hem of her tunic, revealing a hint of bare skin above the top of her leggings. His eyes traveled to her hands, eyeing them hungrily as she slipped the garment further downward, resting below the gentle curve of her hip bones. She snapped her fingers, breaking Poe's gaze on her eager flesh. "Now, for your first assignment. Get these off." She gestured to her leggings. Poe reached up slowly, sliding his hands up the outside of her thighs, tugging the pesky fabric down to expose her panties, Elan gripped the corner of the desk for support. Poe gently placed his lips against the inner skin of her thigh, exhaling slowly again against her skin. "Now these." Poe poorly hid his enthusiasm as he grabbed for her underwear. Elan stepped back, clicking her tongue. "I didn't say you could use your hands. Behind your back." Again, he followed her request. Elan noticed his hardness through his flightsuit already, something she had to admit she was proud of. Poe laced his fingers together behind him, bringing his mouth to the top of his target. The warmth of his breath against her skin raised goosebumps across her body. His teeth found the top hem and began to work them down slowly, so slowly, exposing more of her to him. He flicked his tongue over her sensitive skin, quiet moans escaping his throat. The remaining garment fell around her knees, leaving her lower body open to his advances. But Poe sat back against his heels. "What else may I do for you?" Elan widen her legs, leaning against the desk. "You know what I want, Commander. And keep those hands behind your back." Her voice was growing sterner, but considering this was her first attempt at such a thing, she was rather proud of herself. Poe inched closer to her, tucking his lip under his teeth as he neared her yearning flesh. At an almost painfully slow pace, he worked his tongue forward to part her folds, the warm wetness of it causing her body to tremble. Elan let out a small gasp, Poe uttering a moan of his own in response. He worked his tongue expertly around her clit, switching between gently sucking and fervid strokes. It didn't long before her hips bucked against his mouth, ecstasy slowly coursing through her already. She gripped his hair close to his scalp, bringing him even closer to her. His pace quicken again as she was dangerously close to her peak. "Let me touch you," he growled desperately against her. She looked down as his eyes found hers. "Please." She could only nod as she began to breathe even heavier. Poe calloused hands cupped her hips, pulling her against him in a fury. Elan barely had enough time to clap her hand over her mouth before a loud moan escaped her lips. Poe's tongue desperately reaching into her, covering every inch of her he could. Feverish heat swept over her and she grinded her hips against his face, the roughness of the stubble around his mouth causing a maddening sensation, heightening every feeling his mouth was creating. " Fuck ," she gasped, her climax washing over her, that deep, furious ache. Her hands gripped his shoulders,his hands the only things stopping her from coming apart at the seams. He panted along with her, resting his forehead against her damp flesh. Elan's legs felt as if they'd turned to jelly beneath her as she leaned against the desk yet again, harder than she meant to, sending a holobook off the top which clattered to the ground. Poe let out an exhausted chuckle as he worked her leggings back up her legs. "Fuck," she said again, wiping the back of her hand against her forehead. "Well then," Poe started. Before she could respond, the door to the office slid open, making them both jump, Elan quickly pulling her leggings up to their proper place and smoothing down her tunic almost impossibly fast, as her mentor, whom she’d seen perhaps half a dozen times in her time on the base, dashed in. Of fucking course he'd chose now to show his face. Dumping a large bin stuffed with datapads on her desk, he seemed just as startled to see her as she was him. “Ah, Miss Caledon. I was, erm, hoping to have these input into the new system by the end of the day if possible. If not, then with the utmost urgency over the course of the next few days. Make this priority one.” He fussed with his spectacles, brushing his white frizzled curls to the side. He furrowed his brow as he spotted Poe, still kneeling on the ground. “Oh, um, Mister- Commander Dameron. Didn't see you there." "Oh, Poe was just, um," giving me one of the most mind-melting orgasms of my life? "Just picking up my mess. I'm sure Elan told you I was a klutz." Thinking quickly, he'd reached for the fallen holobook and scooped it up with that infamous bravado as if it was his plan all along. "Ah, no, she didn't but I wouldn't worry, these things are built to last." His jittery mannerisms reminded Elan of the round bottomed dolls she had as a child that wobbled in place as if they were in constant threat of being knocked over in the slightest breeze. Poe held the holobook up to her, smiling slightly, running his tongue over his bottom lip. She knew the taste of her was still lingering there, the motion almost threatening her to take him right there. "I think you can get up now, Poe. Commander," Elan quickly corrected the familiarity. "As you wish." He eased himself to his feet, tucking his hands in his pockets. "Well, it was an honor to finally meet you, Mister-" “Ah, must dash. Oh, um, Miss Caledon, I think your interview with Mister Dameron should be close to being completed, shouldn’t it? I’m sure he’s a busy man and has more important matters to attend to. Oh, you might want to swing by the medical wing. You look a bit flushed.” Elan started to open her mouth to respond, but he was gone as quickly as he appeared. Poe blinked several times as if it would help him process the encounter. Elan let out a long exhale. "Speaking of close calls," Poe chuckled. "Think we look guilty?" "Apparently I look ill. You look more like the cat that got the cream and you can't stop licking yourself." Poe hummed. "Oh please use that line again." He pulled her mouth to his, twisting his tongue against hers, the taste of her sweat still fresh. "I do need to get back to the hangar though. Got some drills to run." Elan eyed her desk, the heap of work looming in front of her. "I guess I should dive into this." Poe tipped his head in front of hers, bringing her gaze back to him. "Feel a bit better?" "A little, yeah. At least my heart isn't beating out of my ribs anymore." "Felt a little more in control?" Elan nodded, wrinkling her nose. "Little bit. You follow orders well, Commander." Poe gave a salute. "Doing my duties, ma'am. Maybe see you later?" "I'll allow it." ----- Several hours later, with a surprisingly lack of distracted thoughts and a solid half of the work completed, Elan stood and stretched her arms above her head. There was an audible pop from her neck that made her cringe. The mechanical whirring of her office door broke the silence. “Knock knock!” a chipped voice called out. Raissa skipped in and took a seat across from Elan. “Damn, E, you look exhausted. Rough day?” “You could say that." She let out a sigh, hoping it came across as fatigue from work and... nothing else, as she attempted to organize her work to make tomorrow’s goal slightly more manageable. “Uh huh.” Raissa gave a playfully accusatory look. “Heard Poe was visiting you earlier. So I take it this wasn’t just an interplanetary tryste like you were thinking?” Elan groaned and slumped in her chair. “I don’t know what it is. Seriously.” “Don't you like him?” “Of course I like him. He’s a great asset to the Resistance.” “That’s not what I meant and you know it.” “I don’t know, Raissa. I think I do. But it just seems so… complicated. There’s a war going on. He’ll fly out on missions at a moments notice, I can’t expect him to have the time to deal with anything else, but he seems so eager to-" please? - "help. A relationship could cloud his judgement. I don’t want to be responsible for-” “Woah, woah, woah, slow down there, E. No one’s saying you have to start planning the ceremony. If you’re enjoying the way things are, leave them that way. He’s sticking around because he likes you too. And for the record, he doesn’t think of you as a distraction.” “How would you know?” Raissa picked at a stray thread on her leggings. “I talked to Snap.” “Raissa.” “And Jess.” “I cannot believe this. So suddenly this is community event, that’s great. I’m sure there’s some kind of betting pool going too. This is just great. Really fucking great.” “ Relax , Elan. As far as I know they’re the only two that know. Besides, there’s no rules against relations between Resistance fighters.” Raissa slung her arm around her friend’s slumped shoulders. “Why are you so freaked?” Elan exhaled sharply between her clenched teeth. “I just don’t want people to think that’s why I’m here.” “Elan, you were selected for a mission. A fairly major one, at that. Sure, Dameron may be the reason your name was throw in but, hey. You did what you had to do and because of that, it’s given us that much more of an edge against The First Order. You did good.” “Yeah, but-” “You did good.” Raissa pulled her arm around her tighter, rubbing her shoulder gently. “Now, c’mon. Let’s grab some dinner.” “Wait, Raissa. Um, what did they say about me?” “Who?” “Snap and Jess.” Raissa smirked. “Wouldn’t you like to know?” “Please don’t make me ask again..” “I’ll tell you over food. Hurry up, I’m starving.” Once there was a sizeable tray of food between the two of them, Raissa let out a contented sigh, brushing the crumbs off her hands. “Okay,” she mumbled through a mouthful of sweetberry. “So what did you want to know?” “The general consensus, I guess. I suppose I should know if I’m garnering a reputation of being some sort of pilot courtesan or something.” Raissa scoffed. “Oh please. The pilots are just protective of him is all. Snap, especially. Although he did say that Poe has had an extra bounce in his step lately. Well, more than usual. I think he's just worried he'll end up getting hurt. Jess let it slip she kept catching him grinning to himself like an idiot, so my guess is you’re behind that. She definitely likes you. ” She scooted closely to Elan on the sofa. “Look, he’s got a whole team of people looking after him. I’m looking out for you . So, spill. What do you think about all this?” Elan chewed her lip between her teeth, mulling over her tangled thoughts. “Honestly, I don’t know. I mean, things with Poe are good. Really good. I don’t really know how to classify, though.” Raissa snorted. “You don’t have to input it into the archives, E. No one’s asking you to ‘classify’ it. I know it’s not my place-” “You’re my best friend here, Raissa. Of course it’s your place,” Elan cut it. “ But , you do see happy too. You’ve handled a lot of shit. I’d be falling apart right now if I was thrown into what you were. I’m just saying, if you need to, you can talk to me. About anything. Poe, the mission, hell, the crap they served for breakfast yesterday. It’s all fair game.” She rested her hand on Elan’s shoulder. “I’m here for you, E.” Elan placed her hand on her friend’s and to her chagrin, found her eyes were once again welling with tears. “Thanks, Raissa.” The two shared a smile, thankful for a quiet moment. “So you guys fuck in the X-wing yet?” Notes: "And if I ordered you to fuck me right now?" http://data.whicdn.com/images/82438163/large.gif "I am sworn to follow your orders." http://66.media.tumblr.com/80d86dc7806362a744056139d18419c4/tumblr_inline_noyq6edyIW1sc3ygs_500.gif As always, open to suggestions/CC/kink requests ;) Chapter 22 : In which our hero needs a rescue of his own... Notes: OMG Y'ALL AN UPDATE. Seriously, I love you guys so much for still commenting and sending kudos out. If I could send you all cookies I would. You're the best ;////; Once Raissa departed Elan’s bunk to retire to her own, Elan was left once again with silence surrounding her. However, she was reluctant to admit that the lack of noise was actually comforting. Kicking off her boots with a thud against the floor, she leaned back against the cushions, tucking her knees to her chest. It didn’t take long for her mind to drift to the clandestine tryst in her office, heat rising in her chest, creeping up to her ears. She cringed at the thought of her mentor stepping in just a few moments before he did, the bumbling reaction she would’ve likely had as she tried to explain just what was Commander Dameron doing in the floor with his head between her thighs. She snorted, then quickly covered her mouth with her palm, despite the lack of company that might inquire as to why she was sniggering to herself. Her cheeks flushed, a smile breaking out across her face. How the hell they wound up in their current situation she couldn’t be certain, although it was rather humorous that just mere weeks ago she would’ve gladly had his head on a pike. Yawning, she glanced over her shoulder at the clock beside her bed. Poe mentioned stopping by later, but who knows when that would be. Sod it. Elan pulled her boots back on and made her way toward the mess hall. The room was oddly quiet, just a few small clusters of comptrollers and pilots scattered across the room. Fixing herself a fresh cup of tea, she scanned her surroundings for familiar faces. Oddly, among the groups, most were talking quietly, hurriedly, through hushed tones. Whatever was happening, it was serious. She chewed at the inside of her lip as she attempted to tune her ears to the closest conversation. A sudden gruff voice beside her broke her concentration, making her jump, sloshing hot tea onto her wrist. “Shit!” “Oh, shit, I’m sorry!” Elan looked up to see Snap using the sleeve of his flightsuit to soak up the near-scalding liquid, assessing the damage. “I wanted to come find you. Um,” Snap looked around quickly. “Let’s talk by the hangar.” Elan’s brows furrowed as she followed closely on his heals. There was a sense of urgency Elan picked up on, something that worried her, this was unlike his usual energy. Snap stopped before reaching the large entryway, exhaling harshly. “Look, uh, there’s something I need to tell you.” Snap wrung his hands together, shifting his weight from foot to foot. “Okay…” Elan crossed her arms. “Spit it out, Snap.” “Poe went dark. Nothing on the radar, no emergency transmission, but-” “What does that mean exactly? What- did he crash? Did he-” “No, there’s nothing to worry about. Honestly. If there’s one thing we know about Poe is that he’s damn near unkillable.” Near . Elan bit her lip, fighting back the moisture welling in her eyes. “Elan,” Snap said quietly, reassuringly. He placed his hands gently on her shoulders, bending his knees to force her eyes to meet his. “He’ll be fine. You know, technically, this could cause me a pretty hefty reprimanding. You’re welcome.” He smiled kindly. “Well, thank you for the heart attack, Snap.” “Anytime,” he grinned. “I didn't tell you this to worry you. I just wanted you to hear it from me. I’ll let you know they moment he comes back. He always does.” Elan smiled as best she could as he made his exit. The moment he was out of the corridor, Elan dropped her weight against the frigid metal wall, letting her back slide against it until she reached the floor. He’ll be fine. He’s always fine. ‘ Unkillable ’. Elan exhaled deeply. This wasn’t here. She wasn’t the type of girl to sit around anguishing over her man to come home. She knew what she was getting into a foolish relationship with a Resistance fighter. But somehow, these facts did not make it easier. Elan forced herself to her feet. She wouldn’t sit around moping. There was work to be done. She could think of all the bodily harm she could inflict on her pilot when he returned. That would pass the time. ---- Nearly two weeks had passed and there was still no check-in from Poe. There was a buzz among the troops that he’d be captured by the First Order or flown into enemy territory. Voices hushed when Elan walked into an occupied room or the mess hall. Word had gotten out of the nature of her and Poe’s relationship. On occasion, she’d be me with sympathetic glances or a clap on the shoulder from someone she’d never met. Elan had tried her best to keep busy, taking up every project that came her way but even her mentor had lessened her workload., whether it was out of empathy or absent-mindedness she wasn’t sure. Raissa spent most night with her, regaling her with more tales from the command center and her exploits with keeping things as sane as possible, but even she was treating Elan with a softer edge than usual. The two sat in Elan’s bunk, sharing a bottle of Karaes brandy. Things had been almost too quiet on the base. Elan blamed it on Poe’s absence. He had a way of livening up the place with his wit and contagious enthusiasm. “I talked to Snap today,” Raissa quipped, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. “Oh?” “He said he didn’t want to bug you again. Thought you might hit him. He was wondering how you were.” Elan gave a snort. “Surviving. Like all of us.” “Come on,” Raissa rested a hand against Elan’s. “You know we just care about. Poe means a lot to all of us. That jerk.” Elan smiled. “I know. I just don’t want people treating me differently. They’re acting like I’m in danger of falling apart at any moment. I knew what I was getting into.” “How’s trying to convince yourself of that working out?” Before she could retort, there was a loud buzz coming from her com box. Elan groaned. Probably her boss forgetting his access code again. “Miss Caledon?” an unfamiliar voice asked. “Yes?” “You are requested in the hangar. Immediately.” “You are so fired,” Raissa teased, grabbing her coat. Elan made her way to the hangar, a tight knot in her stomach and a fear that the smell of the brandy was still fresh on her lips. If Poe had somehow returned already, she was positive there would have been much more of a fanfare. The corridor was nearly empty when she reached the pilot section and almost eerily silent. Why had she been called out here at nearly midnight? Elan tipped her head into the nearly abandoned hangar. A hand grabbed her arm, pulling her to the side. She pulled it away when she saw her assailant. “What the hell , Snap?” “We got a hit on Black One. The com is down and the nav kicked on for just a moment, but it was just enough to get a track on it.” Elan scanned his face carefully. “It’s gotta be Poe, Elan. He’s alive.” Emotional relief swept over her, somewhere between wanting to cry and wanting to punch him when they got him back. “You called me out here just to tell me that?” The feeling was honestly touching. She was well aware pilots rarely got the chance to even process the intel before heading out immediately for the mission. “Not just that.” Snap looked nervously around the hangar, placing his hands over her shoulders. “Come with me. He’ll fight to finish whatever the hell he’s doing if it's just me. He couldn’t say no to you.” He gave a playful smirk. “So, I’m bait? C’mon, Snap, the General will never let me go on a rescue mission. I was barely qualified to go on the last one and look how that turned out.” “The General,” Snap paused, lowering his voice to barely above a whisper. “The General doesn’t know. All she knows is that we’re gathering a team together. See that?” He pointed over his shoulder to an old Hawk freighter. “That’s what we're taking. There’s plenty of room for you in the freighter. No one would know you’re there.” Elan chewed the inside of her mouth. “I don’t know, Snap. This sounds… beyond risky. Especially for you. I don’t want you taking the heat for some stowaway who could screw it all up.” “Elan, we’re taking off tonight. This is it. You’ve got to decide now. I wouldn’t ask you to risk it if I didn’t think you could handle it. He’ll need you, Elan.” Elan pondered the gravity of the situation. One more fuck-up could cost her her position on the base. It could even get Poe killed, assuming he was still alive and this wasn’t some elaborate trap to lure out Resistance fighters. The sound of heavily booted footfalls came from the corridor. "I need an answer, Elan. Now." She hesitated briefly, then nodded. Snap didn't waste a moment grabbing her wrist and leading her to the open cargo bay. "There," he said, pointing to a large stack of oversized crates. "Get behind those in the corner. Stay low and don't make a sound." He gave a reassuring smile, something that lessened the anxiety rumbling in her chest. "We're gonna bring him home, Elan." Elan crouched behind the containers, feeling the cold metal through her shirt against the back. She could make out the muffled sounds of the pilots boarding the ship, hurried steps and eager voices. The ship roared to life. Elan had to grip the wall to stop from faceplanting against the floor. She really hated flying.