Long legs bent to give way to strides from one side of the small cell to the other. The hood of the shirt provided to the prisoner swivelled as he turned sharply and took the steps back towards the other plain wall of the cell. Kylo Ren had never been good with restlessness. He glanced at the sky through the thick layer of glass on the ceiling. A yellow sky, one he had first seen two months prior. Judging by the two suns’ positions he estimated that the general would be there to see him soon. He wasn’t used to his days being controlled by the current solar system. Having basically lived on ships for missions during the last years he felt out of touch with defining the time after something so random as a planets orbit. The familiar sound of heels against the metal floor had him hoping for a moment, but instead of stopping outside the cell they walked on. If he had been back in the First Order the disappointment would have him lashing out against anything nearby, but with no force and no weapon he'd more likely hurt himself than the cell by attempting to do any damage. His anger had never been burning, had always been a chilling cold instead, which made it harder not to thrash about when it surged through him, and he continued his pacing to allow himself some kind of movement at least. At the end of his eighth lap around the room he stopped and sat down on the bed of the room. He tried to focus on the speckles of the force throughout the building his cell connected to. The girl’s, Rey’s, emotions were so obvious with the flow of power in her. Bright and happy, finally with a cause in the world, no longer just waiting for the family who would never come, but having found something else in the people of the republic. But there was worry in her too, not like the one Kylo felt in himself-not tearing and shredding, not something that left her tethered together only by the thin strings of sanity allowed by her own stubbornness- but protective worry. The kind that could be used and handled and efficiently transformed to actions securing those concerned. He sighed and wondered if he’d be able to continue sensing the force around him as he kept being injected with shots to keep down his levels of midi-chlorians. After two months of it, his sensory abilities were the only reminder of the force ever being such a big part of him. The chemicals would keep his cells from producing midi-chlorians at the rate they naturally did and kept the levels of the matter as small as possible without being harmful to him. They didn’t affect him much except for his powers disappearing, but that alone was enough for Kylo to be kicking and clawing when they came to inject him with the poison. He’d have to take a new dose every other week for the effects to last but the Resistance were nothing if not meticulous about this medicine being enforced on time. However he didn’t have much time to concern himself with the subject before he felt his mother’s presence outside the door. It had confused him as a child, how his mother always seemed like the soft rise of a tide, a gentle force even when her temper had soured. He hadn't understood how such soft waves could give birth to the roaring tsunami that was Kylo Ren. The woman was in the room almost as soon as the doors slid open with two guards struggling to keep up behind her. Leia looked him over, her face softening at his bared features. The Resistance had replaced the clothes he’d worn when they caught him, including his mask. It had felt like losing a shield. He looked down to obscure some of his features at least slightly. "How are you feeling today?" Leia asked. Without lifting his face he met her eyes, giving her a stubborn look. "Fine" was the curt reply he eventually gave. "That’s good" she said stepping forward to take a seat on a chair close to the bed ‘’Finn seems to be making progress, he hasn’t woken up yet but the droids think he might any day now’’ The younger didn’t answer. He recognised the change in FN 2187's name and remembered Leia talking about the naming system in the First Order. She'd tried to engage him in the question during one of their meetings, to make him see it the way she did. But Kylo had been uninterested in the discussion, not caring about it in the first place, and even less prone to encourage his mothers efforts at conversation. "Han is almost done with physical therapy" the woman continued, though her voice had gotten lower, careful around the subject of the boys father. Ren kept his face neutral. He didn’t care, couldn’t. Even with the medication he couldn’t allow for the light to stray into his mind anymore. He couldn’t let all that he had been trained for go to waste. He’d find a way to escape, wait for his powers to return, go back to his position in the First Order. He had failed on the bridge when the rebels attacked. He couldn’t kill his father, but if he didn’t do anything they would both die at the hands of any other First Order member. So he had stabbed him just to the side, avoiding any organs that would kill the man had they been damaged. But that was a secret that would surely get him killed if it came out. Not that there was anyone who theorised that it was anything other than a miraculous accident that the knight had aimed incorrectly. He felt a slight relief when one of the guards announced to the general that she was expected at another location of the base soon. She rose to leave and it wasn’t until she was almost out of the door that Kylo remembered what he had to tell the woman. ‘’General!’’ his voice was uncharacteristically fast paced. Leia turned in surprise at her son ‘’May I speak to you alone for a moment?’’ he continued. The guards moved to push him further into the cell and from the highly regarded general, but Leia stopped them with a command to wait for her outside. ‘’What is it, Ben?’’ her voice was filled with concern at the sudden request to speak to her. ‘’Kylo’’ he corrected her quickly but then remembered what he wanted to talk to her about. ‘’I need suppressants. I have- it has been almost two and a half months since I last took them and if I will need a new dose soon.’’ his jaw clenched as he tried to ignore the embarrassment boiling through him. Leia’s brows knitted together for a moment before realisation appeared on her face. ‘’Oh you- you’re? Of course, I’ll make sure you get them with your medication next time’’ the general assured the prisoner with a gentle smile. Kylo nodded and with that Leia turned to leave, unlocking the cell with a card in her vest pocket. It wasn’t an odd thing to believe Leia reminded herself as she left the cell. There were many alphas and omegas at the base; most went on suppressants until they had a stable relationship, and even then many preferred to go on with the suppressants to keep their everyday life simpler. Both Han and herself were betas, but even so it wasn't impossible for Ben to be an alpha Leia thought as she strode through the corridor. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Summary: Leia tries to discuss the possibility of Ren meeting Han to talk about what has happened. Outside of his cell there was a corridor. One route in the corridor led to the cafeteria, and other than that simple path the base was a mystery to Kylo Ren. He knew that the blueish metallic colour of the floor in his cell matched the floor in the corridor. There were lines of cables and pipes along the ceiling of the corridor, cables that Ren never knew what purpose they served. Unlike his grandfather and uncle he wasn't good with robotics and ships. There were too many factors, too many pieces that would ruin the result if they weren't used correctly. Not knowing what small mistake could cause failure to the entire effort frustrated him too much. The rows of cables and pipes followed above their heads as the corridor furcated and led to the cafeteria. The cafeteria was a huge room, it had to be considering the size of the resistance. Even the ceiling was high with thin rods of light hanging vertically on strings from it. It reminded him of lightsabers, but they weren't the same bright red his, instead they were a soft white light. He had been there yesterday with the general. It was the first time he saw her in a week since she’d been busy with preparations for negotiations with a possible future ally. It had been after lunch so the room was empty except for them. Not even the usual guards accompanying the general were there. They had chained Kylo’s hands to the table and left them to themselves. "Han is still asking to see you, Ben" Leia had said. "Does he have a death wish?" The teen retorted raising an eyebrow. He didn’t even bother to correct her about his name anymore. "You’d be restrained of course, but he’s not afraid of you. You’re his son, and you’re here now" the words were calmly articulated, reminding Ren of the similarity in their speaking patterns. "The fact that I am here changes nothing. My goal has not changed and I will find a way to get back to the First Order" The former princess looked pained at his words. She knew he was stubborn but she had hoped that taking the force from him would take the dark side as well, that she would be able to recognise him as Ben Solo and not Kylo Ren. Ren saw the emotion passing the former princess's face and felt some satisfaction. They could keep him captive for now but he would not let them be happy about it. "I will escape. Either by the aid of the Order or as soon as you or your subordinates slip up. And when I do, the resistance will be destroyed" his words were cold with the promise of malice. He wanted to push her as far away as possible. There was a moment where Leia assessed him. She saw the same green hints in his brown eyes as she had seen in the boy's father. There was some truth in the statement, she could hear that. The surface of it was filled with honesty, but she didn't miss the hopelessness that laced his words. After all he no longer had any power through the force, and though the resistance was not run with the same strict control as the First Order, it was an efficient and thoroughly organised establishment. He had learned to school his facial expressions without the mask he had worn, but his emotions weren't as easily hid in his voice. "You won't" she told him softly "and I will not let them take you again." The last words were pronounced with utter guilt and Kylo wanted to scoff at them. He had not been taken, not fallen prey to Snoke. He was strong, in control, and he had simply realised that the dark side would allow him to get even stronger. That was what he told himself as he watched his mother reach a hand for his over the table. For a brief second the resistance fighter thought her son would let her take his hand, but as soon as her fingers touched the back of his hand he moved it to the left leaving her grasping for thin air. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Summary: Kylo goes into heat and asks to see the general to get her to give him suppressants, but she's in a meeting and Poe is sent instead to see what's wrong. Notes: This is basically just smut, which I probably should not write but anyway. Just wanted to say that when I refer to Kylo as a teen I mean as in 18 or 19, not underage, and since Poe is two or three years older he'd be around 21, just so you know. Kylo woke up to find the blanket that had covered him when he fell asleep pushed to the end of his bed. He felt warm. Even though his breathing was heavy he couldn’t remember dreaming anything that could create this reaction. Taking deep breaths of the air in the cell he tried to remember what could be the cause of this. And then he smelled an alpha. It must have been from the ventilation system because there was no one outside the cell door but he involuntarily gave a low whine and tilted his head back to bare his neck. As soon as he realised what he had done he swung his chin down and pushed himself into a seated position on the bed. With four stiff steps he’d made his way to the door and begun slamming his fist against it. “Hey!” his voice was deep and scratchy from sleep and the anxiety of the situation. It took a few seconds but soon a speaker by the entrance answered him. “Yes, what’s wrong?” “I need to see the general. Immediately.” Kylo cursed himself for sounding so desperate. “Why? The general is not able to just go around meeting prisoners at any time” the voice answered him through the intercom. “Just. get. general Organa. here. now” Kylo thundered against the door and the guard he had spoken to seemed to realise that he did not want to argue about this. The former force user crossed his arms in front of his chest and shuffled around the room for a bit before the doors slid open. “The suppressants you gave me are not working” the knight had spit out as he turned around to face someone who was not his mother. His eyes widened at the familiar pilot in his room. “I- uh the general was in a meeting so she asked me to see why you asked for her” Poe said with a suspicious glance at Kylo. As soon as the words had left his mouth and he took a breath he realised what the scent around the cell had been. Before he could stop himself his mouth was forming words again ‘’you’re an omega.’’ Kylo pressed his palms against the lids of his eyes and groaned. “Yes that is why I asked for suppressants” he could hear his voice wavering and tried to think of anything but the pilot's scent. “Oh" the brunette remembered what the general had asked for when Poe had run into her in the medical department “the general gave you alpha suppressants” Poe said gently, though he wasn’t sure why. It wasn’t as if the knight had ever seemed in need of gentle treatment, or as if he’d ever given others such treatment for that matter. He watched as the teen deflated and let his hands slide from his face to brush through his hair and settle on the back of his neck. Poe’s first thought was that he looked younger like this. Without the bulky material of his cape from the First Order he looked leaner. He was still tall, taller than Poe by a couple of inches even, but he didn’t have any excessive muscles. Enough to take on another Jedi but heavier tasks were most likely fulfilled with the force instead. When the knight looked up Poe was unsure of what hit him. The greenish brown eyes that stared at him were not the eyes he remembered from the time he spent as the First Orders hostage. The omega's fragrance was affecting him he realised slowly without tearing his gaze from the boy’s. He found himself stepping forwards instead of leaving the room to find the general. Not that there was much she could have done about the matter, Poe realised, once the heat had begun there was no stopping it, really. “It’s going to be okay” the pilot tried to comfort “how long have you been on suppressants?” Kylo tore his gaze away from the pilot and tried to process what he had said. He could barely stand to breathe; every inhalation felt like it fed the heat in him. He even tripped when the back of his knees hit the bed. “Damn it” he cursed before pulling himself together just enough to answer “Years, I do not know how many” The alpha almost winced, suppressants where practical and he was glad they were available but to go for more than a year at most was not healthy. The heat was going to be rough on the knight. “That’s not very good” “Neither is being an omega in the First Order” Ren replied. Poe wanted to laugh at the snarky tone of the answer. He could really not picture this angry kid as part of the resistance’s cruel enemy. The omega just looked like a pissed of teen desperately trying to gain control of his biology, not a trained force user converted to the dark side. “It’s not your first heat right…?” The pilot asked eventually, half expecting the answer to be yes. The red colour that made its way to the omega's face could be both from the heat or the embarrassment from being asked such a personal question. “No, it has happened once before” ha said curtly. He had decided when it first occurred that it would not happen again. He would not lose control to this part of himself, the part that was obstinately pushing him to bare his neck, to spread his legs for the alpha, to submit in any way the older man could want. When he looked up again the pilot was closer, only a couple of steps from the bed, and the scent of him washed over Kylo completely now. He whimpered and felt the wetness he hadn’t had to deal with since that first time. The first time Poe had seen the omega's face he had been uncomfortable. The features were strong, dark eyes with thick lashes, a salient nose and full lips, with dark speckles over the strong jaw and long neck. But attached to his capturer he had resented them. Now, however, the owner of said features seemed like something completely different. Like the mask he had worn first had been lifted only now and revealed the gorgeous omega in front of him. And when he had comprehended the thoughts running through his head he had already moved so that he was looming over the younger man sitting on the bed. Kylo wanted so badly to open his mouth and say something that would make the alpha leave. A harsh comment about the time he had spent as a prisoner of the order could make the man turn in disgust, make him hate the fact that the omega's essence had him fooled. But he couldn't form the words. His throat felt tied and he stretched out his neck to try to escape the feeling. Poe's face was buried in the space between the teens neck and shoulder almost immediately, taking breath after breath of the pheromones stemming from that spot. Kylo shuddered at the warm air as it was exhaled against his skin. The brunette pushed the trembling form to lay with his back flat on the bed and moved to get on top of him. Kylo could smell their scents mixing together into a blend that had him panting for more. He felt the hard length of the broader man's cock against his hip as a strong thigh pressed between his own. The warmth was beginning to feel unbearable to him and he finally managed to convey some sort of message to the brunette on top of him. "Too hot" was the most articulate announcement he managed, but it seemed to be sufficient as Poe got to pushing the taller boy's shirt of his frame as soon as the words had left his mouth. The pilot pressed his own chest to the bare one of the dark haired teen beneath him as he began kissing the bared throat and collarbone, occasionally stopping to suck down on a spot that made the taller groan and arch against the alpha's mouth. The statement also seemed to remind Poe of his ability to speak as he let his mouth spill praise and let his thoughts out loud. "Fuck, you smell fantastic" he breathed out as one of his thumbs reached up to brush one of the bared nipples "never smelt anything so amazing" he murmured and Ren replied only with a groan. "I'm going to fill you up so nicely" he promised "going to make you feel so so good" he said before moving to kiss the force-sensitive teen's mouth. Kylo moaned against the soft pair of lips that were pressed to his own. His hands slid down Poe's strong waist to claw at the alpha's pants. Poe understood that he had gone too far into his heat for them to take things slow and threw his own shirt off before working on getting the pants off the knight. As he pulled the waist of the pants down along the omega's thighs he realised how wet he was. He leaned back and pushed the pants over the long legs and let them fall behind him. "Turn around" he ordered the omega and the command had Kylo turning around as soon as he had heard it. Ren was used to dealing with emotions this strong just not this positive. His emotions had always been heightened compared to most, his anger often taking him over. But he hadn't been able to imagine feeling this rush at obeying an alpha, or how much pleasure he'd feel from the touch of one. He wanted more, more of everything, but at the same time it was all too much. When he had Poe behind him he settled on his knees and elbow, his hands grasping each other tightly. Then he felt the pilot's lips on the middle of his back moving down. When Poe reached the omega's dripping ass he brought a hand up to spread the cheeks softly earning him a whine from the former force-user. The naturally induced lubrication had spread all the way down to his inner thighs and gave the pale skin a shine in the room's bright light. The brunette let one of his fingers sink through the warm rim easily. "So tight" the pilot panted against the back of the omega's legs. He moved to press his tongue where his finger entered Kylo, tasting the sweet fluid that was dripping from him. Ren gasped at the contact and whimpered as Poe took the opportunity to slip another finger into the teen. The younger man was so warm and soft against the fingers pressed inside him, his body took them so eagerly, craving more. When the resistance fighter curled his fingers deep inside of Kylo he turned incoherent, his moans were deep and he pressed his face into the mattress to muffle the desperate noises that slid so freely past his lips. The fabric against his face was warm and damp as the fingers moved in and out of him, spreading him and preparing him for the alpha. The omega's knees were shaking when the pilot finally deemed him ready for more than his fingers. "I'm going to fuck you now, okay?" Poe whispered against the back of the teen's neck, even though he was not sure how he could stop if the answer would have been no. The dark hair swayed as the man below him nodded eagerly though and the brunette gave his own cock a few strokes before lining himself up behind Ren. He saw Ren holding his breath as the pilot was sinking into him, slowly until his hips met the back of the omega's thighs. Heavy breaths fanned the back of Ren's neck once he had taken the entire length of the older man. With a soft exhale he let out a quiet plea. For a moment he wished he could take it back. He was a knight, he shouldn't be on his knees begging to be fucked. But as soon as the request was heard it caused the alpha to move inside of him and all regret was forgotten. After only a few thrusts the knight was close to release. He was groaning loudly into the mattress with pleasure as the alpha's cock slid deep inside of him. When the olive toned fingers wrapped around his own cock he came as soon as they began stroking him. The choked back shout became a whimper on his lips as he rocked into the warm hand, spilling his release in the rough fingers. The pilot swore behind him and quickened the pace of his hips. His mouth was against Kylo's neck again, sucking against the sweet smell of the omega's skin. His hips suddenly slowed as he began pressing even deeper into Ren, pushing the large knot through the tight rim, filling him up completely and tying them together. He could hear the soft string of yes falling from the omega's lips and before he even realised what he was doing he had bit into the soft skin of Ren's neck claiming him as his. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Summary: With the alpha sleeping heavily on the bed Kylo has his chance at an escape. When both of the men were spent and tied together there had been little in the way of conversation. Poe had tried to utter a few soothing words, but in the end they were both just panting until their breathing evened out and they both fell asleep. Kylo, being the first to wake up, noticed that the older man had slipped out of him before falling asleep. He was still tousled in the pilot's arms, but he could move with less restriction now. He pressed his mouth against one of the hands close to his chest, inhaling carefully against the skin to not disturb the owner of the hand. And that was when he noticed the key card sticking out of the pilot's discarded pants. Had it not been for the light from the ceiling reflecting against the surface of it he probably wouldn't have noticed. But he had. And Ren slowly began to shift to slide out of the other's embrace until he had gotten to his feet on the cold floor. The soles of his feet were warm and dewy and the knight's first action was to put on socks to lessen the sticky sounds that accompanied his steps. Quickly following the socks with pants and a shirt he tried to ignore the demanding thrumming of his own heart. He scolded the part of himself that didn't want to leave the Resistance fighter and took the keycard out of the other man's pocket. His hands shook slightly as he slid the card to open the door, but there was no sign that Poe was waking up, and Ren realised that he did not have time to have doubts about this. The doors closed behind him with little turbulence and Ren left with inaudible steps down the corridor. It didn't matter much how quiet he was if he didn't escape fast though. While he was happy to inherit his mothers sensitivity to the force it also meant that she too would be able to sense him moving around the base, just as he sensed her. As he came to a corner he discreetly glanced around it to see a soldier walking on his own towards him. He stepped back and pressed himself to the wall of the corridor. Just as the unsuspecting man passed the corner Ren threw a punch to the man's stomach, causing him to fold in two on the floor. Without hesitation now the knight had snatched the soldiers blaster and aimed it at him. "You are going to quietly lead me to this base's dock and give me access to a ship" Kylo commanded the stranger. It wasn't the same as using the force to gain control over someone, but it worked and the soldier gave a weak nod before shakily getting to his legs and leading the way down the corridor. The uniform that was worn by the man in front reminded him of Poe's clothing. They had the same pants and boots, although this man's shoes seemed to be in a far better condition than the scratched leather lace-ups that Poe wore. The ceiling of the corridor became higher as they came closer to the docking area, Kylo assumed it was to be able to get larger shipments out from the landing area. There were a few large crates along a wall but otherwise the area was empty as they came to a large door. "I-I don't have access to this part of the base" Kylo raised an eyebrow at the pale-faced soldier and wondered if the man had ever even left this base during his time working here. "Then your purpose to me has ended" he replied slowly and watched the other's eyes widen as he aimed the weapon to the soldier's head. His finger was loosely held against the trigger and there was nothing stopping him from shooting the man, yet he couldn't get into the mindset that he had carried when he'd taken a life before. The darkness that he had drawn power from just wasn't there. He had nothing to push him to do it. His hands were shaking again. "Run!" he roared eventually, as he decided that this was not something he could waste his time on. The soldier didn't have to be told twice and rapidly scurried off back the same path they had taken. He nearly let the blaster drop from his hand as he searched his pocket for the keycard he had used earlier. Poe was the the Resistance's top pilot, if he did not have access to the dock then Kylo might just go back and yell at him instead of fleeing. The doors gave a beep and opened for him to let him step out on the floor of the docking station. He tried to look casual as he stepped past the similar ships. He was looking for the one Poe's card could get him into. After several failed attempts and the angry beeps of ships denying the keycard he managed to find Poe's ship, a shuttle, which would most likely be even harder to steer than his regular single-man fighter. Kylo entered the cockpit and took in the sight of the controls. Yes much harder to steer he concluded as his gaze ran over the rows and rows of buttons and switches. Taking a seat in the soft suede chair before the control panel he took note of the controls he understood. The buttons controlling the shields, the switches for the comlink and the sensors. As he flicked down a switch he had hoped would start the ship he heard the doors open again. With a grunt he flicked the switch up again and was surprised when the doors did not close again. When Ren turned around he met the amused stare of the ships owner as he leaned on the doorway. Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Summary: So Ren realises that Poe bonded him and a screaming match begins in one of Poe's ships. Poe was startled when he woke up, hearing footsteps thrumming outside the cell he had fallen asleep in. By reflex he had jumped to his feet ready to move. But then he looked around. The cell was empty. When he couldn't find the omega he felt agitated. Where could he have gone? Was he safe? But then he remembered that this was Kylo Ren. Even without his powers he was skilled, he wouldn't exactly be hurt easily. Had he planned this? Distracted the alpha in order to escape? He pushed the thought away. He quickly pulled on his clothes and used the commlink in his back pocket to tell security to let him out of the cell. As soon as he took a step out of the cell he saw BB-8 whirring hurriedly along the corridor towards the cafeteria. He calls for the droid, who must have been looking for him judging by the relieved chirrups he gives upon seeing him. "What's going on?" he asks the robotic unit. A few distressed beeps inform him that someone is in his shuttle by the docking-area. Damn it Poe thinks as he breaks into a run down the corridor. Luckily the droid was close after him and had access to both the dock and his personal shuttle. - "I'm not sure whether to be angry at you or impressed by you dedication" Poe said without quite having caught his breath and stepped into the cockpit of the shuttle. Ren squared his shoulder and lifted the stolen blaster to aim at the pilot. Seeming to have settled for being angry the expression of the older man darkened. "Put that down" he uttered slowly, voice dripping with authority. Kylo's first instinct was to listen to the pilot, his arms had even relaxed before he realised what he was doing, but he quickly tensed and steadied his grip on the weapon. It was almost as if... The knight's eyes widened as one hand left the blaster to search his collar. Finding the shallow dents left from the bonding bite he let his fingers run over it. "You bonded me!" the omega accused, quickly getting to his feet. For a moment Poe could see why the general had mistaken the teen for an alpha. He noticed that the hand that had been left on the weapon had fallen to hang at his side. "Look I'm sorry about that. I-I really didn't mean to do that, usually I would never do that without knowing it's what you wanted, but I was just as gone as you were" Poe explained. "Then you should have left before it happened!" Kylo growled slamming one fist to the wall "what were you even thinking ? You must have recognised that scent far from my cell, so why did you go there? You useless-" "That's enough !" Poe yelled so suddenly that Ren stepped back "It was an accident, okay? And you're the one who set this up in order to escape, for that matter" "You think I planned this?" Kylo was so furious at the alpha "I did everything I could to avoid something like this!" The alpha stepped towards him, crowding the knight against the control board. The two sets of brown eyes met each other, both narrowed, staring one another down. Both were breathing heavily from the shouting and their steady inhalations were the only noise in the cockpit. The pilot realised that what he said was true, the omega had taken every step possible to him to avoid going into his heat, to avoid such a vulnerable position. He couldn't have planned the situation as an escape. Poe had completely messed up marking him when the other was in no mind to do anything about it. With that he closed his eyes, expression softening. One large hand slipped around the teen's to take the blaster while the other softly ran through the black hair. His fingers moved over the skin behind Kylo's ear Poe kissed the mark he had left earlier and felt the taller man unwind at his contact. "I'm really sorry, Kylo" he whispered. Kylo could understand the soothing hormones that the mark would release as the alpha pressed his lips to it. It was chemistry and he knew that as the rage that he had felt was thinning out. But he didn't understand the ease with which he felt himself forgive the other. The affection he felt so suddenly through the bond. He cautiously wrapped his own arms around the alphas back and let his face rest against his shoulder. "It's... It's going to be okay" he eventually says. He's not sure at first whether or not the pilot even hears him, but then he hears the blaster drop to the floor and Poe's arm settles around his waist. When Ren senses the pilot's slight relief he's not sure if it's through the force or if it's because of the bond. Chapter 6 Summary: Rey and Finn find out. Poe was a morning person. He really was. But when the morning implied getting up early to leave a newly bonded omega, who's heat was still lingering just the faintest, his optimism was thoroughly dampened. He'd convinced Ren to come with him back to the cell with the argument that travelling while on his heat could lead to the worst kind of situations. He had also convinced his primary supervisor to allow him a couple of days off, all of which were spent holed up with the younger man. But the comfortable routine they'd kept for the days couldn't last forever. And at least the omega would be fine without his aid for now Poe thought as he entered the cafeteria in the centre of the base. It was strategically placed so that it would be as easy to enter from all the zones of the base. The walls were made to withstand all of the attacks known to be used by their enemy, so in case of an emergency it could serve as a safety room. The mornings were usually the most tranquil time to be in the cafeteria as everyone seemed to get up for breakfast at different times. But today there was a din through the entire room and Poe almost didn't hear the sound of his own name being called. Rey had a smile on her face as she waved for him to come over. Finn who's reactions were still a bit delayed since the coma didn't notice the pilot until he was halfway to the pair. Poe stopped an arms length from the table when he noticed Rey's widened eyes. The other alpha looked at him as if he had pulled a dove out of thin air. "You're bonded!" she exclaimed. The former stormtrooper raised his eyebrows further than Poe had imagined possible. Ducking his head at the people who had overheard the not so subtle statement he took a seat next to Finn. "Yeah, though I don't think that guy on the other side of the building heard you, Rey" Poe began. He saw the genuinely curious look on Finn's face. There probably wasn't a lot of friendly gossiping in the First Order Poe realised. Rey rolled her eyes and leaned forward on her elbows to indicate that he should keep on talking. "I kind of messed up" Poe said "and not even in the way you're going to think at first" Poe really didn't want this conversation to carry on. If he told them they would be upset, betrayed even. And he didn't want to hurt them. "Who is it? Do we know them?" Rey said, her eyebrows had knitted together in a thoughtful look. "Yeah, kind of... Okay so you know how Kylo Ren was captured a while back?" "No, Poe, that had completely slipped our minds" Finn replied, the sarcasm perfectly accompanied with a roll of his eyes. "Yeah well apparently he's an omega" Poe was firmly picking at the bread on his tray to avoid eye contact. But even so he could se Rey's hands raise in front of her as if telling him to stop. " No!" Rey dragged out the syllable, voice deepening until it thinned out. "You didn't!" Finn tried to make the pilot assure him. When the pilot's mouth simply thinned into a line without any more explanation the other man just stared at him, the broad nostrils slightly flared and his eyebrows reaching new and impressive heights. "Did you?" Rey pressed impatiently. "Yes, but look it's strange I-" "Well of course it's strange, he tortured you, Poe!" Finn hissed. Rey just sighed and rubbed the bridge of her nose. "That's not what I meant. Look he didn't- he never meant for things to turn out like this" Poe said. He was met with sceptical gazes but he pressed on. He wanted to get everything of his chest. "Just look, he asked the general to get him suppressants to avoid anything like this happening. But there was a mix up and suddenly he went into heat. So he tried to call for the general to get medical help, but she was in a meeting and I was sent to see what was wrong. And when I got there he was all you know... " Poe trailed of trying to convey heat-dazed and irresistible with hand gestures. Rey shrugged knowingly and the beta across her looked slightly lost. "And it's never happened before but I just lost it, basically" "That's not great actually" Rey said "It's still nothing compared to all the things he's done but yeah..." "I just feel really guilty" Poe said quietly "He didn't notice right away, but when he did he just- he seemed absolutely horrified" Finn swallowed suddenly and seemed to be debating with himself whether or not to open his mouth. "Look, back on Starkiller base, I don't know how much you know about the dynamics there" He began, looking for some recognition in the others eyes but finding none. "It's just that- omegas really don't have it easy in the Order. Things are way different here from what I've noticed" he said "I always tried to keep out of everyones way, but even so you could tell. Going into heat and getting bonded could literally be a death sentence if it was to the wrong alpha. And that's have to had stuck with him, you know?" Finn actually did feel some sympathy towards Kylo in that moment, which was something he had never expected to do. The omega in question had been way too young when he joined the dark side to know much about the conditions in the Resistance. All he knew about being an omega had to have come from the First Order. And that was not a healthy place to learn. "I'm sure his reaction didn't have so much to do with you as it had with what he thinks will happen" Finn tried to ease the pilot's mind. Poe smiled at him and put a hand on his shoulder. "Thanks, Finn. I hope you're right" the pilot said "But I have to go now. One of the new pilot-trainees managed to tear up an x-wing pretty thoroughly and needs some help fixing it" Poe stood up to leave. "I'll see you later" Poe felt very relieved that he hadn't been sent on a mission that required him to leave the base as he walked towards the maintenance area. At least this way he didn't have to leave the former force user for more than a few hours. Chapter 7 Summary: Another knight of Ren manages to enter the Resitance's base. Kylo was on the edge of sleep when he felt the strong presence of another force user on the base. The realisation hit him quickly and he pushed himself up suddenly enough for his vision to darken around the edges. The man who had slept next to him made a confused noise and propped himself on an elbow. His eyes blinked slowly as he gained more consciousness. "What's going on?" Poe mumbled. Kylo has pulled his pants on just as he heard the turmoil unfolding in another part of the base, and Poe sat up straighter, the noise startling him further into alertness. "Another knight of Ren has gotten into the building. Daoul Ren from what I can tell" Kylo whispered urgently "we have to move, get a ship and fly until he loses track of us" "What about the others on the base? We have to stay and help them, we can't just leave" Poe argued as he sat up to dress. Kylo had gone still, focusing on the sixth sense he still had through the force. "He will follow us" the knight said after a moment "He wants to become the master of the knights of Ren. And to do that he has to kill me" Poe's eyes widened at the last part. He felt like he was frozen solid and boiling with anger simultaneously at the mention of someone trying to hurt the omega. Standing up he went over to the teen. "We'll get away, okay" Poe's fingers came to rest on the omega's cheeks "I would never let anyone hurt you" You might not have a choice about that, Kylo thought solemnly but nodded anyhow. Poe took his hand before swiping the card and leading the way towards the dock. Kylo could feel the other force user getting closer to them as they hurried out on the dock. Daoul obviously sensed Kylo as well as Kylo sensed him. When they entered the docking area Poe let go of Kylo's hand to search his pockets for another key. "We can't take the shuttle, it's not fast enough" He said and motioned for the omega to come with him towards an x-wing. The younger man tried to listen but when he signaled for his feet to move they made no effort to do so. No he though as he tried over and over to make his body listen, to make it move even an inch. Eventually he heard the soft footsteps coming up behind him. "You managed to convince a resistance pilot to help you escape?" a cold voice asked him. He was close, no more than a few steps away from Kylo's bare back. "And even without your mind tricks" the other knight passed him to stand face to face "Impressive" Kylo clenched his teeth. It was one of the few motions his body was still allowed under the force. Daoul's gaze settled on the exposed collar of the omega and he stepped forward to get a better look. The knight's fingers ran softly through Kylo's hair only to join in a ruthless grip and pull back the dark strands to force the teens head to the side. The bonding bite was completely uncovered now and the older knight ran his fingers over the sensitive skin. "This is interesting" Daoul announced, his voice taunting "I never would have guessed that you were an omega" he continued. He'd let the last word fall from his lips like a mockery, as if he had told the punchline of a joke. "And you can't even break free from this" the knight referred to the force keeping Kylo still "Snoke told me that the Resistance had some way of containing your powers. But I doubted that it would be this easy" Daoul said. He let his hand fall from the omegas hair and with a wave of his hand he sent the younger knight crashing into a beam. "Kylo!" the pilot shouted. He had managed to move just the slightest as Daoul had lost his concentration to throw the omega. But Daoul seemed to remember him when he heard the concerned call leave the pilot. The force user stepped towards the pilot, staring him up and down. "So this is the alpha who claimed the Master of the knights of Ren" he said. His focus was completely on Poe again, holding his body completely still. Even with the mask on it wasn't hard to realise that the knight was smirking. He tilted his head as if scrutinising the alpha in front of him. "Perhaps I should just kill you and leave Kylo to rot here" he mused "I've seen what the loss of a mate can do to an omega" Poe stared at the masked knight. He heard the blunt honesty in the suggestion and didn't for a moment doubt the others possibility to act on his words. He tried to deny the reality and looked to the beam Kylo had been swung into. When he saw no sign of the others body he was torn between relief and concern. It seemed as though anywhere would be better for the omega than close to this man. But if he had gotten away, Daoul would surely kill Kylo once he found the knight. Seeming to realise what the pilot was thinking about Daoul turned around to search for the other knight only to find the floor empty. A low growl escaped the knights throat and he let his gaze sweep across the room. He threw the alpha over the plain floor to the other side of the room before following his senses to find Kylo. His steps were slow as it took him some time to locate the other. "Are you trying to escape, Kylo?" Daoul said as he turned by the line of shuttles. With the password to Poe's shuttle he could have done it Poe realised as he tried to get to his feet. His entire body ached from being hurtled with such strength. "Have you fallen so low as running from an opponent?" the knight asked as he got closer to the shuttle. He heard the screeching of metal as the doors of a ship were forced open by the knight. And then he heard the familiar sound of a blaster being fired. Again, and again, and again . Poe nearly tripped several times as he ran to the shuttle. When he got to the entrance of it he could see the body of Daoul Ren still moving as Kylo was firing shot after shot into it. The omegas face was twisted with anger and his entire frame seemed to shake with it as Poe tried to get him out of the trance he was in. "Kylo!" Poe screamed a final time and the omega's face snapped up to look at him. His eyes were filled with anger induced tears and the moment they met Poe's eyes all of the anger was replaced with relief. "Poe" Kylo said. He sounded disoriented and unsure when he uttered the man's name. In a heartbeat he found the omega clinging onto him, letting out loud sobs against Poe's shoulder. He heard his name mumbled again but couldn't make out any of the other words. "I thought he killed you" Poe eventually heard the sentence. And the deep voice sounded far more broken than he ever imagined that it could when it broke into another sob. "It's okay, I'm okay" Poe whispered into the mess of dark hair against his shoulder. Chapter 8 The knight was still trembling with the remains of anger and absolute grief as he eventually pulled away from the pilot. He swallowed as his gaze flickered from one side of the pilot's face to the other, mapping out the features as if to assure himself that it truly was the alpha, that he really was okay. The long fingers of Kylo's hand skimmed across the skin of the pilot's face, from the little crease between his eyebrows to the short stubble along his jaw and over the tan on his cheekbones. Feeling overwhelmed the omega pressed his forehead against the older man's and tried to even out his breathing. The pilot let one of his hands stroke the bond bite, knowing it would help the other calm down, and placed the other at the small of Kylo's back. "It's okay" he assured the teen again. The other simply nodded then let out the shakiest of laughs and smiled up at the pilot. And when Poe saw that tear soaked smile on the boy's face his mouth opened up in a ridiculous expression. He was just completely taken aback by that smile . The way his eyes had almost crinkled shut and how the mouth just widened to take over the entire lower half of his face into this joyful and relieved and so, so beautiful expression. When the omega saw the dumbstruck expression that Poe had pulled the laughter had become more intense until it was just rolling out of him, and Poe couldn't help but join in as Kylo braced himself against the pilot for support. "What's with that face ?" the younger choked out between bubbles of laughter. Poe just shook his head with a scoff, trying to avoid the question. "Tell me" Kylo persisted though. "I just-" Poe had to cut himself off with an embarrassed laugh "I just really like your smile, okay? I don't think I've seen it before" Kylo laughed once more, a little nervously this time. One hand moved to rub his face and hide it a bit. Poe pressed a chaste kiss to the other's forehead and stepped back. "We have to talk to the general" he said. Kylo agreed with a sigh and Poe picked up the commlink to try getting a hold of the former princess. - Kylo told himself that his staggering reaction to the possibility of Poe's death was just a momentary weakness. It was just the hormones from the bond, it had to be. But how to suppress them was a more difficult question. The pilot had managed to lead him so far into the light that he could barely find the smallest of shadows to lead him back to the dark side. Yet the pull he felt to the light wasn't satisfied. If anything it had become even worse once he had let it trickle into his mind. He felt the light strengthen their bond, entrenching it in the way it consistently tried to do with itself. The thoughts were interrupted when the general's steady steps approached the pair. She was accompanied by two very tired guards and the smuggler who had been sleeping in her quarters when the commlink began beeping. "What happened? Are you okay?" the teen's father was taking more hurried steps than the general and left the group behind to scan the pair for any damage. "We're fine, sir" Poe said, suddenly self-concious in the presence of Kylo's father. He'd always known Leia, so even with the kind of silly impression he might give of at first, he knew she wouldn't judge him too harshly. But with the smuggler he was dead set on not making a bad impression. Han seemed to relax slightly upon seeing no serious harm on either of the two. "He was a knight of Ren. I don't know how he got in" Kylo explained. His voice had become much less wavering Poe noticed. "Why did he come?" the general, who had just caught up to Han, asked. "He wanted to claim the title as the Master of the knights of Ren" Leia glanced nervously at the boy's father who returned the concerned look. "Will there be more of them?" The knight considered the possibility for a moment. If Snoke did tell the other knights about the blockers he was injected with then Daoul would not be the last to come. "Most likely yes" he said. When Poe's head snapped up to reveal worried eyes he squeezed the pilot's hand reassuringly. His parents had turned to each other again and had begun discussing the consequences of what had happened. Kylo could see his mother becoming more and more irritated with his father who insisted on sending Kylo into hiding. "I can't just do as I please simply because I'm the general on this base, Han " she sneered at him "You know I care about Ben just as much as you do but if I act in his favour the Council will take away any power I have over what happens to him!" "Then don't let the Council know!" Han argued. "We can't be rash about this! There are others involved, we can't just ignore that" "I'm not saying we should ignore it, just that we have to do something before anything worse happens" Han retorted to Leia's reasoning. The general rubbed the bridge of her nose as she considered their options. "I might be able to convince the Council to send him to Tokmia to train Rey" she suggested eventually "without R2's help to find Luke he's the best option in the way of training" "There's no way that the Order would suspect us to send them there after they discovered the base last time" Han agreed to the idea. "And it's going to be harder for them to find them in the Outer Rim" "Don't you think that Council is going to be a bit sceptical about someone from the dark side teaching her though?" "We'll send others with them to supervise and keep control of the situation" Han hummed in agreement. "You're going to have to be really good to convince them though" He said with a crooked smile. "I am really good" Leia replied with a smile of her own. The smuggler nodded reluctantly, amusement still clear on his face. Han turned from Leia again and cast a curious glance at the pilot sitting next to his son. He cleared his throat and put out a hand as he approached the man. "Han Solo by the way. It's nice to meet you" He said awkwardly once he reached Poe. Poe blinked in surprise a few times but eventually reached out to shake his hand with a charming smile. "Poe Dameron" he introduced himself "It's nice to meet you too. I've heard a lot of impressive stories about your flying" Kylo had to force his face to cooperate in order to not laugh at the pilot's nervousness. "Really? Well thanks, I've heard that you're quite the pilot yourself" Han nodded. "Oh I don't know about that" Poe said modestly. Leia was not as good as her son at keeping her features blank and gave the pilot an amused but sceptical expression. She'd known the boy since he was half of his current height and never had he been this conscious of keeping his personality in check. "I'm going to talk to the Council in the morning and we'll sort things out then" Leia announced "And Poe, I don't appreciate you letting our prisoners out of their cells. Don't do it again without my permission" "Yes, ma'am!" Poe said stiffly. Chapter 9 Summary: Pretty much just some smut before I carry on with the plot The moving sheets of metal felt cold against Poe's back as he was pressed to the closing door, and he worried for a second that he'd get caught between them. The press of the omegas body against his front was a warm contrast to the material behind him and Poe pushed their bodies closer. Kylo's dark eyes were wide as he took in the older man again. He still seemed to need more confirmation that the pilot was alive and safe so Poe smiled reassuringly. The teen's lips fell tentatively against Poe's own and the alpha leaned in to push the kiss deeper, his tongue pressing between the other's lips. The older man's tan hands came rest on the sides of Kylo's face, the long fingers splaying over broad cheekbones. Kylo was still battling himself for some control as his own fingers sought out Poe's hair, messily tangling themselves in it. He was still arguing that the imagined death of the alpha shouldn't have mattered to him. Yet he couldn't stop the compulsive need to feel every inch of the older man, to know he was still there. Poe seemed to recognise the feelings of need through their bond and let his hands fall lower, one settling on the slight protrusion of Kylo's hipbone and the other on his shoulder, thumb dragging over the bite there. He effortlessly pushed himself from the doors and led the stumbling teen backwards to the bed. The rest of the room was cold too, Poe realised as his back left the warmed up metal. He continued the urgent press of kisses to Kylo's lips on the way to the bed. Once the omegas legs were backed up against the bed Poe kicked his boots of one by one. Kylo simply stepped out of the low shoes he had been given upon his arrival. The arms of the knight clung around the alphas back as he lowered them on the soft mattress. Poe was concerned that the blanket covering the bed would be as chilly as the rest of the room, but Kylo seemed unfazed as his back dropped down on it. With guiding movements Poe steered the teen's leg to wrap around his waist and slowly ground his hips against the younger man's. The teen's mind had begun plastering vivid images of what lay beneath the pants on the alpha' hips, and he felt his cock fill out with anticipation of what would come. When the omega's hands began unbuttoning the pilot's pants they were seized and pinned on either side of his head. Poe realised just then how strong the wrists in his grip were. With the lean wires of muscle on the rest of Kylo's body, Poe had expected them to be thin. But he soon understood that it would be hard for the teen to keep his hands straight in a sword duel without the strength in his wrists. Poe let one of his thumbs run along the inside of the wrist, the skin was thin and dotted with a couple of small birthmarks. "Why are you in such a rush, love?" Poe teased and kissed the corner of the omega's lips, trailing behind his ear soon after. The long dark hair smelled with the soft scent of Kylo's pheromones and Poe sucked down on the skin of the younger's neck as he breathed the scent in. He raised the wrists in his grip above Kylo's head to keep them in one hand and let the other one push Kylo's shirt up his chest. With a small press of his lips agains Kylo's Poe lowered himself over the teen, one hand still keeping the wrists in place above their heads. Kylo gasped at the hot contact of lips and teeth against his uncovered nipples. He whined as the mouth sucked down on the sensitive nerves and felt his hips move against Poe without the knight's own approval. The alpha's free hand slid down over the knight's stomach and pressed against the clothed crotch. As his fingers caught the contours of the omega's hard length he stroked up the underside of it through the pants. Poe heard Kylo curse and felt him move against his palm. With nimble fingers he had unbuttoned the younger man's pants and pushed them down to his knees. "Keep your hands above your head" the pilot instructed and let go of the pinned wrists to pull the damp pants of the omega completely. The older man's hands were on him again as soon as the pants had been discarded, and Poe moved himself even lower on the teen's body than he had been before. He pressed kisses over the pale stomach until he reached the dark underwear that still clung to Kylo's body. He kissed on the sensitive point where Kylo's hip joined his thigh and heard the omega's surprised moan. Kylo was concerned about looking down. He could feel the stubble of the pilot's jaw press against the side of his cock through the underwear, and knew that if he were to look down he'd see those hooded dark eyes and the crease just above them smirking up at him. And if he did that then there was no way he wasn't coming apart right then and there. Yet he wasn't able to stop himself. When he met Poe's gaze the alpha was licking a long and warm trail along the silhouette in Kylo's underwear and at the end he felt a wetness seeping through the tip of the shape. Kylo's hand had snapped from above his head to press against his mouth, stifling the gasps and moans escaping his lips. His hips were stuttering and Poe held out a hand to steady them as he continued the tantalising lapping of Kylo's jerking cock through his underwear. When one of the alpha's fingers dipped beneath the dark material on the teen's hips to the soaking rim, the younger cried out louder. Poe replaced his tongue with a hand and leaned back to watch as the omega trembled beneath him. When the front of the underwear was painted as wet as the back, he saw all of the long lines of the knight tense. From the lean neck as it was thrown back, to the one sinewy arm still above his head, and the long curve of his waist. All of it was so pale against Poe's olive skin, all white but for the freckles of reddish brown and blushing shades of pink where the alpha's mouth had gone overboard. The omega soon came down from the high and forced large gulps of air into his lungs. "I'm sorry I didn't-" he began in an embarrassed tone but the alpha cut him off. "Why would you be sorry?" the pilot questioned rhetorically and finally dragged the underwear of the teen "You look good when you come" The statement was proven as Poe moved up the body below him and his own erection pressed against the younger's hips. His mouth met the lax lips of the knight and he softly raised him into a sitting position between Poe's legs, with his knees on either side of the older man's midriff. Kylo's hands were on Poe's cheeks as he moved himself into the alpha's lap. When Poe remembered that he was still fully dressed, the knight had already begun working on removing his jacket and shirt. Kylo's hands moved on to feel the bulky arms as they were stripped, and let his head fall to press wet kisses along the pilot's collar. The older man's fingers found Kylo's entrance once more and two of his fingers worked on stretching him out. With the signal of a small moan Poe found the right area to touch and let his fingers jab against it repeatedly. With shaking fingers Kylo moved his hands to uncover the pilot's cock and he heard the alpha choke back a moan as the sensitive skin was touched. Kylo lifted himself to place the tip by Poe's fingers, allowing the alpha to take control from there. It was a bit awkward at first. With Kylo being taller, his head could almost rest on top of the alpha's as they moved together. But after a bit of adjusting though, the pilot found an angle that had the teen throwing back his head, and Poe's mouth soon found the bonding bite on the shoulder in front of him. Soft cries were leaving the omega's mouth with every rise and fall against Poe's lap. He could already feel the knot beginning to form at the base of the alpha's cock and his own was hard and close to climax once more. Poe had his hands guiding the teen, loving feeling of Kylo's muscles as they were working the teen up and down his cock. After a while Kylo's legs were beginning to strain and the alpha was pushing him down further, the knot slowly pressing behind the slight resistance of Kylo's rim. The teen was shaking with exhaustion as Poe tugged on the length of his cock, thumb dragging over the sensitive slit. Poe's knot was still expanding as Kylo came over the pilot's hand and clenched down on the swelling base, and Poe cursed as filled the younger man. Their lips pressed together in a messy kiss and Kylo's fingers wound themselves in the short brown hair again. "I love you Poe" the words were gasped out between kisses, Kylo's voice filled with fear and sadness "-m' sorry" Poe's brows furrowed in confusion at the last words. "I know you do" Poe began "I love you too, of course I do" And the pilot wasn't sure if the concern on the omega's face was caused by the words or if he was still remembering what had almost happened earlier in the night. But eventually he just pressed his lips to the teen's again, trying to comfort him through actions instead of words. With an arm around the man's waist he maneuvered them to lie on their sides facing each other. They stayed like that until the tie between them loosened up. Poe watched as he pulled out of the omega and the liquid that had been trapped in him began dripping out. He removed his pants fully and wiped both himself and the teen off before letting them drop to the floor. Kylo watched the other move with heavily lidded eyes and cooperated as the blanket beneath him was pulled from the mattress. His forehead was pressed against the alphas throat as he settled with the blanket over them both. "Know that no matter what has happened, and no matter what will ever happen, I love you" Poe whispered. And even though he was half asleep, Kylo knew that the word's would stay with him for as long as he lived. He didn't understand the older man at all. How this loving and beautiful and strong person could devote himself to someone with the history Kylo had. He knew that he should probably leave him instead of letting the man throw his life away like this. It would hurt the alpha at first but he'd be better of in the end, wouldn't he? Because how could he expect the older live with someone who had spent every day since he was 13 filled with fear and anger and hatred, banishing the light from his mind and serving as a weapon for the First Order. Yet there was this lingering part of him that wanted to fight, to do anything to deserve the pilot's love rather than walk away from it. And as with most of the stubborn urges, Kylo wasn't sure how to resist. Chapter 10 "Settle down! " general Organa roared as the group surrounding her once more led heated discussions over the shouts from one another. The fuming generals of the Council seemed startled by the powerful command but obeyed it and sat quiet as the former princess continued. "I know most of you are weary of the idea of letting Kylo Ren out of sight. But with the Knights of Ren seeking him out he poses a threat to the resistance simply by being on the base" Leia tried to reason "If we send Rey with a group of guards along with him to Tokmia we can hide him and at the same time allow Rey to learn some basic training. With the midi-chlorian blocking serum he has no way of fighting a group, and as long as R2D2 can't help us find Luke we have no other way of training Rey" The group broke into a new discussion the moment she finished her arguments and Leia sighed deeply. "If I may suggest so, general, it might be a good idea to arrange a vote for those in favour of the suggestion?" C-3PO said. "Maybe..." Leia said. She stood up from the chair at the end of the long table they were gathered around. "If we keep on arguing like this we are not going to reach a decision soon enough" Leia announced loudly enough to regain the Councils attention "I propose we vote on the matter" The members of the council watched the general for a moment then nodded and agreed. "All those against the suggestion" she said, watching a few arms raise into the air, counting them one by one. "All those for the suggestion" Leia continued, raising her own hand. With only a couple of votes in favour of the suggestion it was agreed. They would send a group to Tokmia where Rey would begin her training. - As the Resistance ship landed softly on the icy tundra of Tokmia's ground it was greeted by snow falling slowly. After a quick scan of the area they had concluded that the planet's population was located far from their landing spot. The ship was larger than the ones Poe usually flew, fit to let the group inhabit it for the duration of their stay. But the exterior was white and camouflaged easily with the snowy surface of the planet. Finn was first off the ship along with the other's who were sent to guard and supervise the situation. They trudged trough the thick layer of snow to explore the area. They would need a a plain to work with in order for Rey's training to begin. Kylo got off the ship with Poe jogging after him once the pilot had tied his scarf properly around his neck. "I hate the cold" he mumbled once he caught up with his mate. Kylo turned his head slightly, clearly questioning the negative attitude. "I freeze easily, I grew up on Yavin 4 so I'm more used to jungles and sweating even when the rain is pouring" he explained. Poe placed his arm around the omega's waist and felt Ren responding by pressing himself to Poe's side, sharing his own warmth. "Really? Do you go back there often now?" Kylo said, mostly to keep the conversation running. Not that Poe would mind if he didn't. He could keep up both ends of a conversation without a problem. But Poe appreciated the effort and carried on. "Just every now and then, I'm kept pretty busy on the base usually" Poe said. Kylo raised an eyebrow. "Well I've asked for some time off to spend with you now, obviously, but otherwise I mostly just stay at the base a few nights before leaving to go on missions" He explained. "Oh" Kylo said feeling slightly flattered. He hoped that the alpha assumed that the tint in his cheeks was from the cold. Rey caught up to them and eyed Kylo suspiciously before settling in a comfortable pace by the couple. They carried on through the forest for a bit before finding another clearing, since the aircraft covered most of the clear space in the one they first encountered, they had been obliged to look for another one. "This should be good enough" Kylo said and stepped into the clearing. He looked back at Rey to see if she was ready and the girl reluctantly stepped forward. "Your skills are already okay with a sword but I think we should work with them" Kylo said as the group of guards made themselves comfortable underneath two pines. " Okay ? I almost killed you on Starkiller base!" Rey snapped. "Exactly. You almost killed a seriously wounded opponent who had faced a trained stormtrooper moments earlier. If your skills were above 'okay' I would not be standing here now" "Fine then let's see how well you do this time" Rey said. The angry smile on the girl's face was somewhat concerning Kylo realised, but this could be a good start. Rey was clearly not on board with the idea of him as her teacher. Maybe a fight would make it easier to move on with the rest of the education. Neither Poe nor Finn thought that the suggestion was a good one. "Fine" Kylo agreed and looked at the guards for their acceptance on the idea. There was a brief disagreement among the group before one guard eventually came forward to hand the lightsabers to them. Both waited for the guard to move back before they let their weapons activate. The hilt was heavier than what Kylo was used to and lighter than the staff Rey usually fought with, and both spend a short period of time adjusting to their weapons weight. When they had nodded to each other to confirm their readiness, Rey was the first to step forward. Kylo let one foot fall behind him to gain strength as he shielded himself with his sword. He used the foot behind him to push forward with more strength than the girl had expected. Rey quickly adjusted to the situation and fell back and to the side. She came forward again as her opponent was still moving ahead but didn't expect him to quickly move his sword up and block her attack close to the hilt. "You can't be rash! If I'd moved up a few inches you would have lost your hands by now" Kylo snarled as he pushed her back again. Rey responded only with a glare and moved to attack again. She tried to twist her chest to swing the sword at Kylo as she would with her staff. But before she could hit him she had to cancel the attack and defend the side she had left open against a lazy attack from her opponent. "You cant protect your side while you attack like that without a staff" he commented. Finally initiating an attack Kylo struck forward and loomed over Rey as he pressed his lightsaber against her's. She tried to hold up against the strength pressing down on her but eventually had to steer the swords aside and avoid the attack that would surely follow up. "The force, Rey. I will have the upper hand in physical strength but the force is what sets the Jedi apart from other fighters" Kylo said as he saw the girl give him yet another opportunity to strike her down. With her fists clenched hard in anger over the sword Rey took in the instructions. She stepped forward, the lightsaber falling in an arch down against Kylo's raised weapon. Using the force to gain strength she continued the pattern, backing Kylo into the edge of the forest. But as she let the sword strike down a fourth time Kylo choose to duck the attack instead of blocking it. With the force of the blow Rey staggered forward and before she could turn around Kylo had his weapon only inches from her throat. The guards quickly sprung to life lifting their weapons, but the knight had deactivated his lightsaber without even allowing the time for the guards to aim at him. "Don't let the power of it get to your head. Many Jedi have died because that reason" Chapter 11 The heavy breaths leaving Rey's body formed large clouds in the cold air, and she could see Kylo's exhalations coming out almost as fast as her own. They had been training since dawn and were only now stopping to eat and drink, their bodies screaming for the momentary rest. Rey been allowed a saberstaff a couple of days after they had arrived, since it clearly was the weapon she was most comfortable with. But she still had a lot to learn even after the third week of intense training. She could tell that Kylo had been out of shape when they had begun the training and he'd improved just as she had. It had been frustrating at first, since she hadn't noticed her own progress when he was regaining the skills he'd let go for months. But the knight had been strangely good as a teacher. He'd been perceptive about her improvement and would comment them as well as what she had to work on. Things became easier after the first day. Rey had concluded that the man wouldn’t actually try to harm her after the first day when he’d had more than enough chances. It had bothered Rey at first, to be forced to view this enemy as a person, a teacher. So she had tried to avoid it for as long as she could, but as her training continued it became harder not to see him as something more than a member of the First Order. Especially with the way she saw Poe look at him. The omega didn't notice it too often, but the pilot was absolutely smitten with him. He'd let Kylo fall asleep against his shoulder at dinner after a particularly intense training session, or help him stretch in the evening, or create inside jokes between them just to be allowed a small smile from the teen. It made her glad to see. Poe truly did deserve someone who made him this happy. Finn stepped towards them, his hands rubbing together to create some warmth. "Do you guys want to go back to the ship to eat? It is really cold out here" he said with a pleading look. "It is?" Kylo asked sounding genuinely confused as he was sweating through his thick robes. Rey snorted and rolled her eyes before telling him to come on and beginning the walk back to their small base. - Watching Finn eat was a curious experience, Kylo decided as he watched the boy scoop up the thick casserole into a bowl he'd created from a piece of bread. He seemed to eat with the same appetite as Rey despite the fact that he'd only been watching from the edge of the forest for most of the morning. There had been that climb he attempted with Poe's encouragement, to see if the view was nice from the top of one of the evergreens. But other than that he must have just spent a lot of energy keeping himself warm Kylo concluded eventually. Rey tore into her food as soon as she could, even eating small pieces of vegetables before they were thrown in the casserole and cooked. Renarr, the mission leader, tried fruitlessly to stop the girl's behavior but with Rey's ability to levitate cut up vegetables behind the woman's back there was only so much that could be done. I guess it's good that she's practicing the use of the force at least Kylo had thought as a carrot carefully landed in Rey's open palm. After lunch Kylo was given the injection by one of the medical droids on the ship. Rey had watched in fascination as the droid had pressed the needle through his exposed skin. The force was still something new to her, and yet she felt as if she'd have a stronger reaction than Kylo, if someone tried to take it away. It had become an extension of her usual abilities and she could only imagine what losing them after many years of usage must have been like. "When did you begin using the force?" she questioned as the teen rolled down his sleeve over the tiny puncture on his forearm. "I was eight when Luke began training me in the ways of the force, but I think I could sense it before then, I still can even if I can't use it" he replied. "You can? Does that mean you might still be able to use it, even with the blockers?" the question was out of curiosity mostly. Even if she was just as keen as the rest of the Resistance on keeping the man’s powers under control, she couldn’t stop herself from wondering if there was a possibility that he might work around the blockers. "Don't you think I've tried to?" Kylo answered beginning to grow annoyed. Of course he had. He’d been captured in a cell for months before he was allowed to exit it. It wasn’t as if he’d have much else to do in that time. Rey shrugged when Kylo pinned her with a glare and they dropped the subject. - On the walk back to the training area they kept quiet mostly until the omega suddenly stopped with an arm in front of the girl next to him. "Do you feel that?" he whispered and signaled for the rest of the group to stay back. Rey furrowed her brows in a confused expression. "Feel what?" she asked. The boy moved his head to try to see behind the trees, but soon gave up and turned to the alpha behind him. The flora was too dense from here, he’d have to get closer to see anything. "Stay here, okay? Someone's out there and I might need your help, so stay alert" He told her before carrying on the path they'd made on their way to the ship. The snow was falling again and they'd probably have to make new tracks on their way back Kylo realised as he reached the clearing. All he could see was the dark contrast of two black clad persons against the bright white of the snow. He recognised the figures even with the snow blowing between them. The two Knights of Ren stood in the glade facing their Master. "We heard you killed of Daoul" one of them said, tone filled with amusement. Kylo recognized her as Aiann, a mirialan who had been part of the Knights of Ren even before Kylo had joined. "Snoke wasn't too happy about that so he suggested we fight in pairs if we mean to keep up the efforts to claim your title" the other announced "I don't see how you deserve the title much now though. Without the force you've always been weak" Kylo glared at the two. He wasn't an idiot, and he knew Snoke wouldn't be able to care less about him now that he couldn't be used as a weapon. But to encourage the knights to go after him was lower than he expected. And the years of training Snoke had spent on him weren't useless simply because of the loss of his abilities. Relying only on the force would have been foolish and he had maneuvers and tactics etched into his mind from his training, so even without his powers he did stand a chance against the others. Activating his lightsaber he drove it straight into a pile of snow, causing the ice to sublimate and create a large cloud of steam around him. With the cover of the vaporised water he moved back into the forest, avoiding the densely grown trees, until he knew neither of the pair could see him. He felt one of their presences close in on him through the force, and backed up behind a large tree. Even without the sense of the other knight's force Kylo could recognise the creaking sound that the snow made with the knight's steps as he came closer. Kylo focused on breathing slowly and quietly until he deemed the other close enough to the tree. Spinning around he let his sword activate and slide through the tree before pushing it from himself. The tree fell quickly, crushing the unsuspecting knight underneath the heavy weight. With a few steps the master was standing in front of the man, who's arm was pinned beneath the tree. In a fast strike his throat was cut of, quickly ending his suffering. He left the body of his opponent and followed the trail of the last knight's presence. The remaining knight, Aiann, was closer to Rey and the rest of the group Kylo realised as he moved nearer. Before he was able to see her though, she had sent him flying into a pine. He fell to the ground on his hands and knees and was only just able to stop the lightsaber Aiann wielded from connecting with his back. He managed to push the mirialan's sword back with his own and scrambled to his feet. The woman's strong powers weren't best displayed through telekinesis, but her swordsmanship was a show for those watching and a terror for those facing her. Using the force to enhance her physical strength she'd send opponents stumbling with each swing of her sword. Kylo knew this as he entered the fight and strategically kept his back to the direction where he could feel Rey's presence. With much exertion he blocked the opposing knight's attacks enough to avoid being hurt as he maneuvered them both through the forest. For the first time during the trip he was thankful of the thick layer of snow covering the ground. Walking backwards over the roots and plants below the cold surface would have been even harder than pulsing through the snow. Once he felt Rey close enough to hear the fight he ducked an attack from Aiann to the side and turned the pair around. "Just give up already" the woman snarled and Kylo realised that if he didn't have the scavenger girl or Poe closeby he most likely would have. The stinging push of air into his lungs was rapid and his clothes already soaked with sweat at that moment. He stood no chance if Rey wouldn't show up soon. But just as he began to question weather she would come he saw her face peek out from behind the trees. " Now Rey! " was the only direction she was given, but even though it left a bit too much freedom, she seemed to understand and her palm was raised as the mirialan's movement ceased altogether. Kylo wasted no time in stabbing her with the lightsaber in his hand and for a few seconds the body was left in the air, hanging on with the invisible power that Rey was still exercising, too chocked to let go. Kylo let the weapon deactivate and his arms fell to his side as the knight's body was lowered to the ground. When he stepped towards the girl she looked like she was going to run for a second. She had gotten used to seeing him as a teacher, or someone fleeing from the Knights of Ren, or Poe's lovesick omega, that she'd forgotten that he was the master of the knights he was running from. She'd stopped thinking about all the pain she knew he could cause, and when she witnessed what he was capable of she was frightened at the fact that she'd simply stopped thinking of him like that. What was worse was that she'd helped him. "We have to leave" Kylo's voice was almost as shaky as Rey felt. He passed her and with a final look at the unmoving body Rey followed him. "I'm sorry I made you help me with that" the omega said as they walked "Without the force I wasn't strong enough to defeat her without taking her life, but as a Jedi you must not follow my example in this. You have to use your power not only to do the right thing but avoid violence as far as possible" Rey wondered why he was saying this. None of the guards were close enough to hear what he said and Rey was certain that the First Order cared very little of avoiding violence. She heard Poe's concerned call for them as they closed in on the group and Finn was calling her name as well. The group of guards around the alpha and the beta aimed their weapons at the former force user as he was the first to step into their line of sight. They only lowered their blasters once Rey walked around him and they realised that she was safe. "Hey, are you okay?" Poe questioned with the omega with fast words as he came closer to get a better look at him. Kylo simply nodded and placed a hand on the alphas cheek. "I'm okay, but we have to leave" he said "the Knights of Ren found us so there's only a matter of time until more are here" One of the Resistance guards began fumbling with a commlink to inform the general of their situation and the group moved back to the ship. It had become dark outside when they arrived at the clearing of their ship, but there was an unexpected brightness escaping the area. The armed guards raised their weapons at the silhouettes in the light but soon realised that they were targeted as well. Kylo was the first to recognise the familiar ship and scanned the clearing for its owner. When general Hux stepped into view he looked as annoyed as he usually did when dealing with matters involving Kylo. He raised a hand for the stormtroopers to hold back fire and walked down the ramp of the ship into the snow. "I'm assuming you killed Aiann and Delan then?" the general said as he faced Kylo. He looked taller than usually, the shadow in front of him falling like an extension of his legs. "There wasn't exactly much of a choice" Kylo replied coldly. He had suspected that Snoke would send a bigger team to kill him if the knights didn't succeed, but he had hoped that his master wouldn't be so quick to do so. "Even so, Snoke is impressed by your determination" Hux said "He sent us to fetch you if you were successful" Kylo's eyes widened and his brows lowered into an angry grimace. He couldn't see it but Poe wore a similar expression behind him as he glared at the general. "What? He wants me to return after encouraging his other pawns to kill me?" he questioned incredulously. "Yes" the general said "He think's you've proven your worth. And if you come you will be allowed your powers back. I'd thought that would be enough to convince you" Kylo froze for a moment. If he went back, if he left the resistance behind, he'd be free from the blockers. He would be able to use the force again, he'd have control. He looked back at the people behind him, first over Finn and Rey. The boy had gripped Rey's hand when he saw the stormtroopers aiming at them, clearly frightened at the number of them. Rey simply stared at Kylo, eyes narrowed as the light from the general’s ship blinded her. Renarr had her jaw clenched, clearly irritated that they had been ambushed. Then he saw Poe. The alpha had shown more kindness to him than Kylo had ever seen before. He'd tried to stand up to Daoul, without so much as a weapon, when they faced him on the base. He didn’t stand a chance, yet he’d tried to run and help Kylo without a second thought. Even though he knew of all that Kylo had done in his life, he'd forgiven him and cared for him. He looked into the brown eyes. They almost looked black as he stood where the light didn’t reach them. They were wide and angry at the First Order general, upset that he was trying to take Kylo away. And Kylo knew what he wanted to do. "I'm sorry Poe" he said and watched the alphas fierce expression crumble into panic. "Kylo?" the pilot said, but the teen had already turned towards the ramp to the ship. The omega hoped that the general wouldn't notice his trembling as he passed him onto the ship. " Kylo! " the alpha was yelling below him, his voice cracking desperately. Finn and Rey had held him back when the pilot tried to surge forward to stop the omega. The stormtroopers had their blasters ready to shoot and if Finn and Rey hadn’t stopped him they would have. The knight didn't look back until the ship had lifted, quickly leaving the planet and the alpha behind. Chapter 12 Poe was not depressed. He didn't even think about what had happened on Tokmia, he had so much else to do. Any mission available had Poe as an applicant once they got back to the base, even completely pointless ones. He'd spent one day refilling every bottle of window cleaner on the base, even the ones that weren't used and just lay in the backs of various closets. That had worried Finn a bit. It wasn't as if there was a problem though. Poe just had a lot of time to spare now. He couldn't sleep, there weren't any longer missions that required pilots, and without the omega on the base he didn't really have anyone to entertain. Except for Finn, that is. But that still left a lot of time to work. Especially since R2D2 had started up soon after they returned from Tokmia, which had led to Rey going with Han to find Luke and begin her actual training. The plan had originally been for Poe to fly her there and Han to come along in in case anything were to happen. But Poe had declined the request as soon as he saw Han. He hadn't noticed earlier just how similar the man's eyes were to his son's, and the thought of spending the entirety of the mission remembering what he'd seen in those eyes made him dizzy. So he'd laughed and said that with Han and Chewie in the group he's just drag them back. He felt a bit bad about throwing himself into work to such extent, since it meant that Finn didn't really know anyone and had to find his way around on his own. But he had told Jessika to keep an eye on the boy when he met her on a repair job. And General Organa was surely looking out for Finn, Poe reasoned. Finn had been into contact with the general frequently since they returned. Renarr was of course in charge of explaining what had happened on the frozen planet, but Leia had requested for Finn to tell her some more about the details. And since the boy had been in a coma or on another planet for most of his time in the Resistance, there wasn't much else he knew how to do around the base yet. He'd helped the other generals with strategic information against the First Order, but since Starkiller base was destroyed they were already in an advantage, and the information Finn knew wasn't always useful anymore. But other than that there wasn't too much for Finn to do. Poe did take him as a copilot when he was sent to do a search on a planet. And he had shown a lot potential. If he wanted to he could easily get into the Pilot Trainee program, Poe told him. And the pilot wasn't sure if Finn was just being polite or if he really was interested, but he did ask a bit hesitantly about how to apply for the program. He'd ask Jessika if she knew, he decided one morning as he entered the cafeteria. The pilot was still tired once he had gotten up that morning. Tired and cold. It was ironic really, he hadn't been cold any of the nights they spent on Tokmia, which was ridiculous as the heating in the ship was absolute rubbish, but the first night back on base he had gotten two extra blankets before he could finally fall asleep. The fact that one of the blankets had come from Kylo's cell might have had more to do with that than the temperature though. Poe nearly spilt coffee all over himself when he saw General Organa in the line for bread. The woman hadn't seen him yet, and if Poe could do anything about it he would remain unnoticed. He'd quickly pushed a lid on the paper cup and kept his head down as he went to drop off his tray. She had looked tired too. But more collected than Poe felt. He wasn't ready to meet her yet. When they got back from Tokmia he had begun by avoiding her like the plague, seeking out another general whenever it became absolutely necessary, telling Finn to give her a message if she wanted something from the pilot, or running from the cafeteria to avoid her gaze. It had all worked quite nicely so far. Except for that one time he passed her on the dock. She had been surrounded by other higher ups and she hadn't been able to stop and chat with him. But the look she gave him told her that even if he might have fooled some people around the base, she knew exactly what was going on. And that was the reason Poe nearly pretended to be sick when Jessika informed him that Organa wanted to see him in two hours. The only reason he didn't was that he'd been lifting a box when she found him, and the other pilot knew him better than to think he'd carry around boxes of ship components if he was sick. Those things were heavy even with your full strength. But Poe had eventually sucked it up and marched to Leia's office when the time came. Then he changed his mind and hid in a broom closet. - It wasn't that Poe thought it would be hard to talk to the general. On the contrary he thought it would be very easy. She knew what it felt like to lose someone. Hell she knew what it felt like to lose this someone. But talking to her meant facing the fact that Kylo had left, that he probably wasn't coming back, and that there was nothing that the pilot could do about it. The Resistance had no idea where the remnants of the First Order were located. And even if they did, they couldn't simply fly there and demand their prisoner to be returned. It was too risky to try an infiltration, and there weren't many on the Council who had enough of an interest to agree to it. They had been satisfied with the leverage they held over the First Order with the prisoner, but to actively try to regain that leverage would just be reckless. They were in the same situation as they had been when Kylo first joined Snoke. And even with Leia's seat in the Council there was nothing the former princess could do to change the fact that Kylo had left by his own will. He might have been manipulated when he was young, but even so they couldn't sacrifice more forces to regain one person. So Poe ducked when he saw the woman. And made excuses when she asked to see him. He knew it couldn't carry on forever, and if he'd thought things through a bit more he probably could have figured it out before it happened. He had applied for a solo job to pilot a cargo ship and pick up supplies from a neighbour planet, and it had all seemed normal at first. He'd gotten the key and instructions and made his merry way to the ship. And then he found Leia Organa Solo in the copilot's seat. If the pilot had looked a bit closer at the guards 'randomly' hanging around the ship he could have recognised them as Leia's personal guards, but he hadn't and then he was facing the woman he'd avoided for weeks. "You've been avoiding me" she said, calmly as if she'd planned out every word carefully. She talks like Kylo a voice said in Poe's mind, and it felt more like a bite than a statement, so Poe muffled the voice and forced a sheepish smile onto his face. "Yeah, sorry about that. I've been working a lot since we came back" Poe tried to sound careless, as if this wasn't a conversation he had dreaded since Tokmia. "Don't give me that, Dameron" Leia said standing up. She was a good deal shorter than Poe, even though it didn't feel much like it at that moment. "You can't just bury it down. Believe me, I tried to, the first time around" the former princess continued softly. Poe's throat was a tight knot, burning hot every time he swallowed. The ship was small in the cockpit. It wasn't designed to carry many passengers or much of anything in the front. It left Leia only a couple of steps from the pilot and Poe could see the strands of hair that didn't quite fit into her perfectly tied bun. It had always been like this with her. Once Poe learnt about what his mother did for Leia, and for the galaxy as a whole, he had decided that it was what he wanted too. He'd left his loyalties with Leia for good, and he trusted her, with everything. Which was why it was so easy for her to push through the exterior of what Poe let out. She could easily see through the smiles and little jokes he'd make to distract both others and himself. "I can't deal with it, Leia" the pilot whispered "If I do then it's all set, then he's really gone and I just can't let that happen. I need him to come back" Poe saw the drops falling down the general's cheek slowly, and even though he couldn't see his own tears, he felt them as they cooled on their way down his face. "He looked me in the eyes" Poe's voice was more raspy with each word "and then he left" The general's eyebrows bent to a sympathetic frown. She placed a hand on the pilot's shoulder and Poe wrapped his arms around the woman. Softly at first, then gradually tightening the grip until he was hanging onto her. Poe hadn't broken apart like this since his mother died. He couldn't catch his breath, and he felt his lungs constricting in his chest and found no way to expand them. Only when the general strictly instructed him on when to inhale and exhale did he find the ability again, hurriedly gulping down air between broken bawls. Poe felt like he'd begun to meld together with the floor by the time he finally managed to find his way back to coherency. "Why did he leave?" She swallowed at the growing tangle in her own throat. "I don't know, Poe, I'm sorry. But it's going to get better with time, I promise." Chapter 13 Kylo had never been good at controlling his temper. When he got mad he went berserk, and when he got sad he shut himself off, and when he was afraid he hid it ferociously. He was not going to allow the opportunity for anyone to doubt him. And with that in mind he was throwing demands around the second they left Tokmia. His first order was to see a medical droid. He had said it was to run tests on his blood but his first priority was to discretely get his hands on suppressants. After that he refused to do anything until he'd been allowed a shower and a change of clothes. This was the most crucial part of his way back to the First Order. If anything went wrong in this stage he would be lucky if he was allowed a quick death. If anyone found out what he was hiding, Snoke would know soon enough, and that would be the worst case scenario. He didn't have to argue to be allowed his own quarters on the ship and soon set upon showering. The bathroom of his quarters was small, almost the same size as it had been on the Resistance base. But the water ran warmer than it had there. Kylo gradually set it close to blazing and let it run over him as he thought over the weeks to come. He felt the sweat from his fight wash away and let his hair fall into the scolding ray of water. His fingertips were red from the change in temperature and he slowly led them to the bite on his shoulder. It was hard to tell if the pressure on the bite felt better when the alpha caused it, or if it was just that it all felt better with Poe close to him. He pushed the thought into the back of his head. He couldn't afford to miss the pilot, he had to stop thinking about him for now. Stepping out from the glass door he took a towel from the rack and dried off. He didn't step outside the locked door until he had dressed, fully concealing the mark that connected him to Poe. It would take about two weeks for the serum to wash away from his system completely. Two weeks during which he would be vulnerable. He had to plan it all well. If he met Snoke before he regained his claim to the Force, his mind would be completely open to the Supreme Leader. That could not happen. That's how he found himself back at the medical department. He'd gotten there unseen and quickly found the only medical droid on the ship. Kylo had his problems with Han through the years. He'd learnt a lot of sketchy stuff from the man, but one thing he was truly grateful for was the fact that his father had taught him how to get droids to lie for you. It was pretty much the only thing he had managed to learn when it came to robotics. He had been seven when Han took him on one of his jobs for once, and the smuggler was dealing with a pair of twi'leks with a droid that kept insisting that Han's very real jewellery was fake. So when the buyers went off to discuss their negotiation strategy, Han had pried open the droid and showed a young Ben how to install a special command teaching the droid to answer a question with the reply of your choice. "Better than those Jedi mind tricks uncle Luke plays around with, huh?" Han had asked with a smirk once they had sold the overpriced jewellery. I am never letting him know I actually had to use that trick Kylo thought, he'd never let me live it down if I did. Kylo quickly wired in the command and left the area again. If the droid was asked about the tests it would now answer that Kylo wouldn't regain his powers for a month. This would hopefully buy him enough time before Snoke asked to meet him in person. The Supreme Leader was sure to want to see him before Kylo's ability to use the Force returned, but if he could just postpone the meeting until he could protect his mind, he'd be safe. The omega slipped through the corridors of the ship. He saw stormtroopers flinch back as he loomed past them, and he wondered who they were beneath those masks, if there were more of them like Finn who'd climb tree's just for the view. But he didn't show any sign of the thoughts, and he carried on to get back to his quarters. - He shuffled around the room for a while. His fingers soon found the datapad on the wall, checking it for instructions but finding none. The lack of activity itched at his mind and he found himself checking the device every few minutes for any updates. When he eventually resigned himself to the fact that he wasn't required to do much on the ship, he settled on the bed. For a while he just lay there. The lights in the room had shut of automatically after a while of inactivity in the room. The only light in the room came from the blinking diode by the datapad. The soft blue light flickering the room in and out of complete darkness. Kylo was dozing of after a while of restless turning. He was still dressed, in case anyone would enter the room while he slept. Not that there was much of a risk for that. No one on the crew was reckless enough to enter the room without the inhabitants permission. While the omega didn't keep up his grandfather's habit of choking those who questioned him or delivered bad news, he would still be a danger to those who overstepped their boundaries. As he skirted on the edge of sleep he kept waiting, wondering when the alpha was going to wrap around him for the night. He'd often be a bit later to settle down, especially since they got to Tokmia and Kylo was spent after each day's training. But after a while Kylo grew impatient. Then he realised that Poe wasn't even on the same ship. He curled up on himself, a tight ball wrapped in blankets. - Snoke's dark presence was creeping into Kylo's unconscious mind. Slowly, as if it would not be noticed as long as it moved gradually enough. The knight quickly forced his thoughts behind a wall of anger, a momentary distraction but it would be enough to comfort Snoke for the moment. It wasn't the first time that the Supreme Leader lurked around in his head. Sometimes he'd scan the knights thoughts for any hints of betrayal, and other times he'd use the Force to sow thoughts in the young man's mind. It had begun with such small things that Ben thought they came from his own mind, that the suddenly darkening thoughts and ideas were his. And soon after, they just grew larger. The thoughts would connect to others, until the first reaction to anything in became sadness or hatred. But the darkness wasn't all Snoke left in his mind. He had placed a solution too, a way to escape it all. He could get stronger if he embraced the darkness rather than fight it. It all started before Ben had even met Snoke. Ben had just begun his training with his uncle when Snoke first moved around his thoughts. And when the Supreme Leader realised that Ben was close enough to the edge, he offered to help the boy deal with his problems. He remembered what Luke taught him and the other apprentices about the dark side. He tried to shut it all down for years, never once gathering the courage to tell his parents that he was so close to becoming what they had fought wars to defeat. But when Snoke said that he only had to do one thing for it to get better, Ben broke. He would be stronger, he'd be able to deal with the constant roil of anger and despair in his mind, he just had to do what Snoke told him to. So just a few day's after his fourteenth birthday he led the Knights of Ren to the attack on the new generation of Jedi. He had been one of the youngest of the Jedi apprentices, and he'd barely managed to kill the girl from Corellia before the other knights had worked through the rest of the group. After that day there was no need for Snoke to feed to the darkness in his new apprentice. It grew on it's own accord from the memories and guilt hanging over the boy. But he became even stronger than the Supreme Leader had expected. He'd become ruthless and cold, insistent on remaining in the dark even with the strong pull of the light. It had only taken him a few years to become master of the Knights of Ren, even with the other knights' further training and experience. He'd become the perfect weapon for Snoke to utilise. Such easy access to the young man's mind should have made it easy to read him, but Snoke had trouble understanding it all. More often than not, the pull of the Force gave way for the dark side. But with this boy it seemed to be the light that tempted him most, and even so he diligently stayed loyal to the darkness. Until these recent events occurred that is. With the Force being taken from the knight, the pull of the dark side would be subdued just as the pull to the light. The man's mind had been be left with the battle between right and wrong rather than the opposite sides of the Force. And the outcome of this was much harder to predict than it had been before. Snoke had to see the younger before his powers returned. He had a vague picture of what went through the man's mind even when they were far from one another but to get a clearer image he had to see his apprentice in person. If he could do this before the younger's powers returned he'd be able to see his thoughts without hinderance. Kylo had grown more aware of the other Force user's presence in his mind over time, and if they were to meet once he regained his powers, the knight would surely be able to stop his master. So when Kylo woke up to find that Snoke wanted to meet him three standard weeks from the current date, he tried not to let the relief he felt be to obvious. Chapter 14 As the crowd surrounding him moved in a discordant wave, Poe tried not to sway with the orange clad bodies around him. His expression was a shallow copy of of those around him, but he made an effort to join in on the impromptu celebration. The air was light and filled with laughter and cheering as the familiar ship became visible in the distance. Finn was practically jumping with excitement at Poe's side, and the pilot gave a genuine smile at the other's enthusiasm. Three hours prior, they had received the message that Rey and Luke would come back to the base. Leia had seemed happier than the pilot had seen her in a long time and he felt relieved that both Han and Luke would be there for her again. She didn't deserve to deal with everything that happened on her own. There was a roar through the crowd of Resistance members as the ship carefully landed. The large group of people had barely left enough room on the docking area for the shuttle to land, and the aircraft hovered for a while as the pilot reconsidered the size of the ship. When Leia made a move towards the ship, the crowd parted to give her a path. Poe grinned as he realised that the Resistance members gave way quicker to their general than they had for the Millennium Falcon when Han tried to land the ship. The general moved forward with a similarly amused smile and threw her arms around the Jedi as he exited the ship. Rey was second to receive the general's embrace and before Poe had the chance to react, Finn had begun slipping through the crowd towards the crew of the ship. Rey's face was already plastered with a broad smile when she saw the former stormtrooper and the pilot trailing behind him, and when she recognised the two her mouth opened to shout their names. She met them in the sea of people and gripped them both in a tight hug. The two males were dragged with the alpha as she moved back to the former princess. As the general led them away from the crowd, the focus seemed to shift from the cause of celebration to the actual celebrating. Poe heard the faint sound of fireworks and shouts of encouragement behind him as they left the overflowing docking area. They came to a stop once they reached the council's headquarters and Poe felt insecure about whether or not he should be following them into the generals' meeting room. But Rey tugged him along and he placed himself next to Finn by the long table inside the room. For a while the conversation was kept friendly and lighthearted, even as the other council members joined them. Luke told them of Rey's training and the progress she'd made. They had travelled around a bit during the time they had been gone, allowing the alpha to gain some practical experience outside the controlled environment of Luke's education. The older Jedi suddenly lost his words in the middle of a sentence and Poe raised an eyebrow in question. The older man's face crinkled in concentration and his gaze turned to his twin who's eyes were wide with terror. "What?" Han asked when he noticed the woman's expression. When Leia didn't answer, Han's question was repeated with more urgency. "The dark side has suffered great setbacks, just now" Luke said slowly. The man entwined his fingers on the tables surface as he faced his old friend. "Their presences have vanished" Luke continued with furrowed brows. "What does that mean? Isn't that a good thing?" Han asked with a soft laugh. "I can't sense Ben" Leia's eyes were dripping now, her voice barely above a whisper "I can't sense the light or the dark from him, nothing" she shook her head with the words. "What?" Poe croaked out once he processed the general's words. His face was pale and Finn turned to him instantly, placing a steadying hand on his shoulder. "He might not be gone, Leia. There- there might still be an explanation" Luke tried to convince the beta. Poe's emotions were wild through the bond between him and Kylo, hysterically trying to get some response he could understand, some sign that his mate was still alive but receiving none. - The force sensitive teen stood trembling with exhaustion as he raised his hands towards his face. There was no actual blood staining the covered fingers, only the coagulated edge where his pinkie, ring finger and his index finger had previously been attached, but he worked the hands up and down the fabric of his robes. Trying to clean the imagined blood of his victims from the leather of his gloves. He didn't stop the movement even when the wound was brushed by the material, and sharp chocks of pain ran from the knuckles, instead he accepted the agony he surely deserved. He had felt the same as he had on the Resistance base when he hesitated to kill the soldier there, even though he was supposed to have regained his abilities in the Force. There was no assistance offered from the dark side, the way there had always been before. He'd let the light in for a moment and the dark side had rejected him completely. It refused to relieve him of the doubt and guilt that came with the act. The sensation was somewhat new to him. He'd never killed without at least some of the influence and confidence of the dark side. It had always controlled the thoughts filled with guilt and regret, forcing them into cooperating, and it had allowed him to stay in control. But now he was left facing the part of himself shouting that this was all wrong, and that what he'd done was unforgivable, just like so many other actions he'd taken in his past. Kylo's palms pressed against his eyelids tightly enough for patterns to appear, blooming into colourful, whirling shapes beneath the skin. He repeated the same arguments silently over and over to convince himself that he had done the right thing. The grey face of his former master had always looked broken. It was old and healed many times over, but scarred from long years of experience. And with the sloppy laceration through the man's trachea he looked worse than ever. But Kylo still recognised the face of his teacher and he felt the urge to run and aid the wound even though it was far to late to change anything. He refrained from the attempt and focused on the harm Snoke had done. Of the reasons he had to be killed. Snoke had expected Kylo's betrayal. He didn't appear to have told the remaining knights of Ren, as they were all unarmed and quickly taken out with a few swings of red light, but the Supreme Leader was definitely prepared for they way Kylo had turned on the dark side. Snoke fought back impressively. The man kept the same dirty means of fighting as he'd once taught Kylo, but it was noticeable that the master had kept some of the knowledge to himself. Although the Force lessened the effects of his age, it was apparent that he was not a young man anymore. When he managed to cut through the skin across Kylo's face, the omega was sure he'd lose the fight, but Snoke was slower than he was. And after an even battle he eventually grew tired enough for Ren to end him. Stumbling over the dead knights Kylo pushed his feet towards exit of the Supreme Leader's conference hall. He was agitated even further when he felt his alpha's panic surging through their bond, but he pushed the feelings aside to focus on escaping. If he wanted to see the alpha again he had to stay alert. The biggest threat he would face was Hux. The other generals would hardly do a thing without orders from Snoke, but Hux would surely be the first to rise to the command if the chance came. In some ways Kylo doubted that the news of their leaders death would even bother Hux much. Surely the absence of an emperor would only be seen as an opportunity for the ambitious general, and Kylo had more than a little doubt about Hux's loyalty to anything but the man's own agenda. H trailed around the base, avoiding the general's presence when he sensed it closing in on him. If it wasn't for the relaxed pace of the general, he would have considered the possibility that he was looking for Kylo with the help of some tracking device. It seemed that any time he turned his direction Hux mirrored the action. But eventually he managed to get to the docking area without meeting the redhead. None of the stormtroopers or pilots dared to question him as he entered his aircraft and he left the newly built base quickly. His ship was easy to fly, even with three fingers less than usual, which allowed him some time to make space between him and the base. But the ship would be easily tracked and he was forced to land on a small, industrialised planet to exchange the machine for something more suiting. Chapter 15 Notes: I had to change a few things I messed up in chapter 14, so if anything seems odd here I'm sorry! The fact that Kylo knew next to nothing about the Resistance base's location would have bothered the teen more, if it hadn't been for the lack of transportation being a more pressing problem. His ship had been easy to sell, but there seemed to be few in the city willing to sell him a ship or a ride at all. He'd dumped the mask and cape early on, to give himself a slightly less menacing look, but even so the population seemed weary of him. It might have been because of the scar across the middle of his face, or the fact that he appeared unbothered by the missing digits on his hand, but somehow the loss of his mask and cape didn't help as much as he'd hoped. Considering how much time the Order spent trying to find and eliminate Resistance members they really knew very little of how to find them. Kylo had spent little time on missions pursuing the enemy, but when he was actually sent to do so, it was usually with a reliable source telling them where to search. The chances that any Resistance members were even on the planet were low. Kylo thought about the Resistance members he knew and where to find them. Poe would most likely be somewhere with ships or parts of ships, but if Kylo could find a place like that he'd have less troubles in the first place. Kylo's mother was too important to be anywhere he had access to so that was a dead end. That left Han... Kylo stopped in the middle of the road and turned the way he came from. He was certain he'd seen some sketchy tavern just a few minutes earlier. - Kylo somehow managed to get enough information to form a suspicion about one of the guests in the bar. When he was young it had been odd, that the being he spent the most time with had been a droid built by his grandfather, but in the bar where almost any language except his native tongue was spoken, he was lucky that the translator had been a close childhood friend. Ben had learnt very random parts of odd languages that C-3PO got stuck on every now and then between maintenances. But once he'd begun to learn the foreign words he had used to nag the droid until he'd taught him enough to understand basic conversation in whatever language that interested him at that time. It seemed like an odd hobby for such a reserved child, one who rarely spoke out loud. One who would rarely speak, yet would accidentally be heard when the inside of his head became too small for the words he thought. It had frightened Han the first time, when he heard his son's voice yelling for help, then hearing no echo confirming the sound through the ship. And he wasn't the only person who had been disturbed by the fact that Ben could enter their mind without even being completely aware of it himself. He'd begun to draw in on himself then, suppressing the way the Force allowed him to communicate. And he listened instead. He heard perhaps too much for a child. And he learnt whatever C-3PO would teach him to be able to hear more. The possible resistance member was sitting at the edge of the dark, wooden bar on a chair which was probably taller than the creature herself. Kylo had overheard a couple of disdained comments about the First Order leave her snout-like mouth, and he sat nursing a drink he'd ordered, waiting for the woman to leave the bar. He didn't have to wait for long before she left with a group of three, and he quickly rose to follow them. It didn't take long for the group to split of from the main road of the city and stumble along a narrow alley, and Kylo was close behind every clumsy step they took. The area was lit only by the lights of a few apartments high up in the buildings surrounding them, and it was easy to remain a few steps behind them without being noticed. With a slow movement of his wrist Kylo had each member of the group pinned to one of the walls by invisible ropes. He focused as he faced the woman, who had raised his suspicions. She looked too old to be a useful soldier, Kylo thought when he saw her face. He raised his hand in the same way his uncle had taught him when he was young, to balance himself out when he tampered with another persons mind. "You're going to tell me if you're a member of the Resistance" he told her. The other two parts of the group stared in chock as their friend told Kylo that yes she was. "You're going to tell me where to find the Resistance's base, and you're going to give me your aircraft so that I can get there" he continued. The two who were spared from his mind control protested, repeating the woman's name and trying to break the hold he had on her will, but even if it appeared for a second that she might refuse, the woman eventually agreed with Kylo. - Kylo was cursing left and right, pressing buttons almost at random simply to get the machine to react, when he realised that the base's traction device had the ship in a secure grip for him. He huffed an annoyed breath at the control board. He could have landed on his own. They should have just given him some more time. But eventually he felt the solid hit of ground beneath the feet of the aircraft. The still attached seatbelt created an awkward attempt at escape but Kylo quickly fumbled the security open and pushed himself from the cockpit towards the exit of the ship. The moment he left the ship, several blasters were aimed at him and he belatedly remembered to put his hands behind his head. One of the soldiers took the movement as a sign of danger, rather than the pacifist gesture it was meant to be, and fired away. As his hands moved behind him, almost on their own accord, he hit himself on the back of the head. But the concentrated bullet of energy stopped halfway to him, and he felt himself grow more annoyed. "I'm here to surrender! " Kylo shouted and let the energy of the shot spread into the air, warming it up, until the light died out. If he hadn't been angry at the way the Resistance handled surrenders, he probably wouldn't have blamed the soldiers for keeping their blasters trained on him. His announcement didn't sound too sincere if he was to be completely honest. " Hold fire! " roared a familiar voice. Kylo barely held himself up on his feet as the alpha's scent hit him, at that point the blasters fire would have been more bearable. He falls apart even further then. His heart, that had been stretching out and scrunching up and roiling within his chest for the previous days, decided to beat only every other beat and he could feel the air entering and leaving his body do so in jerking pushes. His head whipped around the area, until the orange suit elbowing it's way through the crowd entered his gaze. When he saw the familiar alpha his mouth was already forming urgent pleas for the pilot, who fortunately seemed to understand and ran across the room in a matter of seconds to wrap the teen in his arms. "Kylo " Poe breathed out as he caught the knight in his grip. His breathing was erratic, matching Kylo's, and his hands skidded over the omegas back, and onto his shoulders, and into the hair and then back again. The pilot's fingers were working on confirming the boy's presence and he felt his omega slump against him and break into relived sobs, leaving wet marks on the pilot's clothes. And the tears felt like they were melding them to one another, like they'd dry to reveal them inseparable. " I thought they killed you! " Poe hissed, feeling his own eyes well up "Don't you ever do anything like that again!" "I'm sorry, Poe" the omega whispered, the fingers of his undamaged hand clutching the orange material of Poe's jumpsuit. He felt the fabric against the pilot's shoulder soak up his tears, but he couldn't stop himself when the salty drops connect to the wound on his cheek, and he certainly couldn't be bothered to stop just to save the alpha's clothes from some tears. Poe was spilling his own share of tears anyhow, Kylo felt against the skin of his ear, so it couldn't have been that important to avoid anyway. The alpha's lips connected to the absolute mess of dark hair on Kylo's head. They stayed like that for some time, uncaring of the blasters still aimed and the confused stares of the crowd around them. As he stood pressed to the omega, Poe didn't even notice the wound over the younger's face, or the fact that his fingers were missing somewhere next to Snoke's corpse. But it was just as well, Kylo thought. Because even with the damages done to him he felt better than he had for weeks. He felt as if he was finally warm, from the inside and out. As if he hadn't left the biting cold of Tokmia until then, as if he'd just reached the warmth of alpha's home planet instead, and he wanted to bury himself in the embrace and escape the cold forever. When the familiar, gruff voice of Han Solo ordered the soldiers to let him through, Kylo looked up. Leia walked in long steps next to the man and looked as if she'd seen a ghost when she set eyes on her son. Poe still hadn't let the omega out of his embrace when the parents had come close enough, but Leia ignored the alpha and placed her hands on the side of Kylo's face. "Ben- Ben are you okay?" the general asks, her eyes tracing the scar across his face "We thought..." she trails of with a clench of her jaw and her hands slide aground his head until her arms are wrapped around his neck. Han joined his family after a few seconds of chocked staring. He let one arm rest across Leia's shoulders and the other over Kylo's, his hand coming to rest on the teen's head. - A few hours later a droid had just fixed the prosthetic fingers on Kylo's hand. The robotic unit sent a couple of experimental impulses through the teen's wrist, to see if the digits were properly installed, and when the fingers moved with the small trace of electricity, the droid considered the work done. The omega was sitting on a cot in the medical department with his legs thrown over Poe's and the pilot's arm around his waist. Neither he or the alpha was ready to part so soon after finally meeting again, so Poe had followed him when Leia dragged the teen to the medical unit to check the injuries. Kylo tested the robotic fingers, bending them one by one slowly, then tapping them against his leg to see if they had any sensory abilities. He was a bit disappointed when he realised that the sense was thoroughly reduced, but it was still much better than nothing. He was actually very impressed by the technology, it was a bit of a mystery to him how they had gotten the fingers to move at all, let alone allow him to feel any touch at all through them. Leia was fuming across the room as she watched her son play with the newly attached fingers. The corners of Kylo's lips quirked upwards when he noticed that he could bend his pinky without bending his ring finger. The alpha raised his eyebrows and watched impressed as Kylo demonstrated. "Why is it that none of you Skywalker boys can manage to keep your hands intact?" she questioned. Kylo looked a bit sheepish at the question but didn't answer. Poe simply pressed a kiss to each of the new fingers, too focused on his mate to acknowledge anyone else. The general questioned the formerly impeccable loyalty of the pilot and Han just laughed at the question.