1 Something had been off about Kylo lately. Hux had been noticing this the past few weeks. He was slightly quieter than usual. Nothing major had been happening in the First Order, it was a usual working week but Kylo just wasn't himself. No one else really noticed, but then again no one knew Kylo like Hux did. They weren't lovers as such, but definitely more than just friends. With all the tension dominating the atmosphere constantly all the time, the two men simply use each other to blow off steam- no strings attached. But that simply doesn't mean Hux doesn't know when something is bothering him. Kylo was in his chamber- Hux knew to knock rather than just walk straight in. “Come in,” Kylo's voice rang from the other side of the door. “What's happening?” Hux walked up and sat at the edge of the bed, where Kylo was laying staring at the ceiling. “That's exactly what I came to ask you,” Hux replied. “I don't understand,” Kylo spoke. “Kylo, I know something is bothering you, now are you going to tell me what it is?” Hux encouraged. Everyone knew Kylo took a different path when dealing with emotions. He would rather smash up and destroy an entire room than sit and talk about what he feels. Hux guesses that it's because, growing up as 'Ben Solo', he had no one to talk to. His parents were always busy and his uncle was trying to train his feelings out of him. “Nothing,” Kylo simply replied. Hux raised his eyebrow, “Don't bullshit me Kylo.” Kylo sighed, “I don't have anyone.” Hux couldn't help but let out a slight laugh, “What do you mean?” “I killed my own father, my mother probably hates me for that as does everyone on the resistance side, hell even my own crew despise me!” Kylo slammed his fist down hard on the bed, but Hux wasn't going to let him have a temper tantrum this time. Honestly, Hux didn't think this whole 'Matt the rader technician' thing would impact him this much. Kylo probably didn't understand that no one likes their work or their boss, but here Kylo is again, about to lose it. “Kylo stop being ridiculous, I like you,” Hux spoke surprisingly softly. Hux found himself with his hand on Kylo's knee, rubbing up and down in a comforting manner. “Do you, or do you just like to use me for other things,” Kylo replied. Maybe it wasn't just being not loved that was on Kylo's mind, but being not loved by a certain person. Hux wasn't used to this. He spent the last few hours screaming and commanding and ordering and executing idiots who couldn't do their job properly. Now the red head found himself in the room of one of the people he is closest to trying to nurture them (in the best way he could). Kylo wanted to tell Hux he was head over heels in love with him. But the fact was, he couldn't comprehend this himself. Despite how Kylo was trying to convey himself, and no matter how important he was in the First Order, at the end of the day, he was still so young. Force sensitive of course, but still human. Hux loved Kylo too, but not in that way. I guess he hadn't really thought about it. Sure, Kylo was the person he is closest too, and Kylo was, in other words, drop dead gorgeous. Besides, it's not as if the pair hadn't been intimate before. Maybe that's where the problem lies. “Kylo, you're my best friend, you know that, now snap out of it we have things to do.” Hux didn't mean to be this tough but it was the only way he knew to be. Besides, at this point both men were laying beside each other; Hux had his hand entwined with Kylo's, rubbing his thumb over his lost friend's knuckles. Normally, Kylo would be full of rage, but he just seemed...empty. Kylo knew that if fate was giving him any opportunities then this would be the perfect time to say something, anything. But he sat in silence with the man he loves right next to him. Hux wouldn't mind something more with Kylo, but both men knew it would have to be kept secret. Who knows what would happen if anyone found out. Kylo was filled with rage, Hux could feel it in him. But he just continued to try and calm the dark haired man down. He needed to learn that smashing things wasn't the answer. Hux couldn't blame Kylo for being angry. Born into a life where emotions can't exist then switched into a new life where all he can feel is the intense, burning anger he has. At the end of the day, Kylo just wanted someone to love him. Of course, Hux was fine with the current situation regarding him and Kylo, but the other clearly wanted more. Hux knew this without a word having to be said, after all, no one knew Kylo like Hux did. Chapter 2 : 2 Notes: i dont know what im doing i have exams next week “General, Kylo Ren has requested your appearance in his room,” one of the stormtroopers spoke. “Tell him I'm busy,” Hux replied, turning back round to watch over workers in the bridge area. “He insists.” Hux groaned slightly, before making his way across the other end of the ship to Kylo's chambers. The corridors were silent, the only sound being Hux's heavy footsteps across the hall. He eventually reached Kylo's room, before knocking on the door. He was granted permission to come in, and when he walked in, Kylo was kneeling at the edge of his bed, with the Darth Vader mask sitting on top of the bed. Kylo treated the object as if it was some sort of God. Nonetheless, his grandfather was a God to Kylo, in a certain way. “Darth Vader lost everything because of love, that's why he joined the dark side,” Kylo spoke softly. He must of heard Hux come in, because he continued to face away from the General, staring at the mask. “Yes,” Hux replied. It worried him slightly how much Kylo knew about a man he had never met. Kylo stood up off the ground and walked over to Hux, placing his ice cold hand on the other's face. “I won't let that happen to me,” Kylo said firmly, but laughed at the ending of his sentence. “Of course not,” Hux replied. He was trying to be careful with his words, he could sense another breakdown emerging. Kylo walked away from Hux again and picked up Darth Vader's mask, clutching it in his hands. “Why can't we have both?” Kylo asked. He was staring straight into the empty, once 'eyes' of Darth Vader's mask, but Hux knew it was him that had to reply. “Both of what?” he questioned. “Love. And power. Why can't I be the commander of the First Order, but have you by my side?” Kylo was pacing around the room at this point. Hux took a deep breathe and swallowed. It was all coming out now. Kylo continued to pace around the room, mumbling to himself 'why why why' before he finally picked up his lightsaber and began his outrage. As usual, all Hux could do was stand and watch. It did hurt Hux to see his friend behave this way. He knew Kylo was supposed to use his anger to fight, but he wasn't fighting anyone, only himself. Eventually Kylo put down his lightsaber and broke down into tears. No one really knew how Kylo reacted after his 'incidents'. It was a case of getting as far away as possible, nobody ever came to help him. Hux was finally beginning to understand what Kylo was talking about in his room the other day. Hux bent down beside Kylo, wrapped his arms around him and just allowed Kylo to let his feelings go. Kylo was never usually this bad, and it killed Hux to see him like this. Despite what people said about the General, Hux cared a lot for his friend. It especially killed him that Kylo being in love with Hux and Hux not returning the feelings wasn't the problem, but the pair being unable to express such feelings with each other. Hux didn't even want to think about what Supreme Leader Snoke would do. But clearly, this issue affected Kylo a lot more than it did Hux. The last few weeks had been rather overwhelming for Hux. His friend acts strange, he confronts friend, finds out friend is in love with him without even saying a word because saying it would just kill Kylo, because they both know expressing say feelings is just a big no- to sum it all up. Of course the First Order has other problems on their plate as well. Introducing a stricter security plan so there is no more 'traitors' among workers, the escaped fugitive has been reported to have found Luke Skywalker and Supreme Leader Snoke is furious, to say the least. Not to be cruel but right now the General simply didn't have time to be taking a 'calm down nap' with Kylo, but needs musts as they say. Hux decided just to spend the rest of the night in Kylo's room. They'd did it before plenty of times, people just stopped asking. When they did, they just told them they had work to do. No one questioned further. But obviously something was different this time. They weren't having casual sex like they normally would. Things were really getting to Kylo, and the only person he loved and trusted to comfort him was Hux. For once in the past few weeks, Hux was enjoying his time with Kylo. He was fast asleep on Hux's chest, with Hux playing with Kylo's dark locks of hair as he slept. He enjoyed the silence, the time spent alone with Kylo. Neither of them had any idea what they were going to do regarding their situation, but there wasn't time to think about that now. The pair just wanted a good night's rest for once, with each other of course. Chapter 3 : 3 Notes: Okay like i know this is bad and probably a waste of time but comments telling me this would be good so I know when to stop lmao The following morning Kylo was awakened by a loud knock on the door. He groaned slightly, snuggling in to the man next to him. It was too early for this. Kylo sighed and sat up stretching when the knock on the door repeated itself. Not wanting to wake the sleeping man up, Kylo climbed out of bed carefully and walked over to the door, opening it slightly but not enough to see into the room. He was met by Captain Phasma. "Morning Kylo," she greeted. "Supreme leader Snoke has requested your presence." Kylo sighed again, informing the captain that he would quickly get himself organised and will be right down to see him. It didn't take long for Kylo to get ready and he successfully left without waking Hux up. Kylo walked along the long corridor to the giant dark room in which the supreme leader arranged his businesses and exchanges. "Kylo," he said coldly. "Yes supreme leader," Kylo replied, looking up at the large figure in front of him. "I'm sensing something going on, would you like to confess anything?" Snoke challenged. Kylo furrowed his brow in confusion, "no supreme leader?" "Nothing about yourself or Hux?" He pressed. Oh shit . Kylo thought. "Apologies supreme leader but I don't understand what you're referring to," Kylo replied as calmly as he could. "Hm, fair well then, but remember if I do find out anything you'll have to face the consequences," the grand figure threatened. Kylo nodded, "understood." "That'll be all." Kylo headed back towards his room quickly. How the hell does Snoke suspect anything? He thought to himself. Stupid mind tricks. Hux woke up to the sound of the door closing. He sat up to discover he had spent the night in kylo's room. Hux watched Kylo return to his chambers, awake and fully dressed. He hadn't even heard him leave this morning. "Why didn't you wake me?" Hux asked. He sat at the edge of the bed and began to dress himself in yesterday's outfit (he's already said to himself several times to leave spare clothes in Kylo's room since he spends a lot of his time here). Kylo shrugged, "I was demanded this morning by Supreme Leader Snoke, he wanted a word with me." "And?" Hux questioned. Kylo sighed, "It doesn't matter." Hux decided to drop the issue instead of trying to press Kylo for an answer. There was a tension so thick in the air you could cut it with a knife. Luckily, there was a knock at the door breaking the awkward silence. Whatever the supreme leader had said to Kylo couldn't have been good. Kylo walked over to the door to find a stormtropper on the other side. "Have you seen General Hux? The control room are looking for him immediately and he is not in his chambers," the stormtropper said. Kylo replied that he would look for Hux and sent the stormtropper back to tell whoever was searching for Hux that he would be with them shortly. Before the general went to leave, he turned back around to Kylo and asked him again if he was going to tell him what's wrong. "Come back to mine when you're finished working," Kylo replied simply. On that note, Hux left. - As if Hux wasn't already under a lot of stress lately, the addition of dealing with military certainly wasn't helping the situation. Without a doubt the general knew that they were extremely lacking in fighters since the destruction of starkiller base, but he preferred it when no one had mentioned the issue and he didn't have to sort it out. It was taking longer to replace stormtroppers. That FN-2187 really messed up security within the training program. Strangely enough, when Hux reported the issues to Supreme Leader Snoke, he was greeted with coldness and hostility. Hux was unsure why but it certainly wasn't because the lack of stormtroppers. Meanwhile Kylo was dealing with the other problem on his mind- Rey. The young fugitive who managed to escape twice from his grasp. The girl with the exact thing he needed. According to rumour, Luke Skywalker had been found, so whilst Hux was finding replacements for the army, Kylo was figuring out the First Order's next move. They couldn't have another incident like starkiller base. It was late before either of them got anything sorted. Hux finished first so he headed back to his room to pack some belongings and some spare things to take down to Kylo's. Again, it was late so the halls were empty and his room wasn't very far away from Kylo's. By the time Hux got himself organised, Kylo was already sitting in his room waiting for him. Hux lay his bag down on the table (Kylo couldn't help but laugh slightly, it looked as if Hux was coming for a sleepover). There was a long pause before Kylo finally spoke. "Snoke knows," he said. "Knows what?" Hux asked. "What do you think?" Kylo replied. Hux sighed and sat down on the bed beside the commander. "How does he know?" Hux questioned further. "Well, he doesn't exactly know but he sensed something. But until he has 'evidence' he can't prove anything," Kylo explained. "See, there's nothing to worry about then," Hux reassured him. "Do you think so?" Kylo said. Hux sniggered slightly, "Kylo he's a hologram he isn't exactly going to walk in on us." Kylo laughed back, resting his head against Hux's shoulder. "Hux..." He whined. "Shh, it's okay," Hux replied, kissing the top of Kylo's forehead. Kylo turned his head up so he could kiss Hux on the lips gently when all of a sudden the room door burst open. Kylo and Hux pulled apart and sat back like a deer caught in headlights. "You know you're supposed to knock before entering my room, Captain Phasma..." Chapter 4 : 4 Notes: this chapter gets quite explicit because in case you couldn't tell, I've ran out of ideas. There was a list of things the pair didn't need in their lives and this was definitely one of them. You'd have to be beyond stupid to not know what they were up to before Captain Phasma burst through the door, and beyond stupid was something the captain certainly wasn't. It was easy enough to guess that under the mask, Captain Phasma was staring at the couple with wide eyes. Sure, Kylo and Hux were pretty close for co-workers, but she didn't expect they were this close. “Sorry for interrupting I-I-” Phasma cleared her throat, “I just wanted to inform you that we know where the girl is.” “Rey?” Kylo asked, standing up from the bed. “Yes,” she nodded. “Thanks for letting me know, is that all?” Kylo questioned. “That's all,” Phasma said, before turning around and walking away. “Captain Phasma?” Kylo called after her. “Yes, commander?” “You won't say anything, will you?” Kylo was acting like a child who had just been caught doing something he shouldn't. He was basically asking Phasma 'you won't tell on me, will you?' Silence. “Of course not, Kylo.” She said before walking away and closing the door behind her. Kylo sighed and collapsed back on the bed. “What if she-” Hux cut Kylo off with a kiss, “She won't tell.” Hux reassured him. “Don't be so confident, Hux. We're fucked if she does!” Kylo whined. Hux sniggered, “relax, Kylo.” “How are you so calm?” Kylo asked, twiddling his thumbs in his hands. “Because we have worse problems right now,” Hux replied. Kylo laughed, placing his head on Hux's shoulder. “Hm, now were where we?” Hux chuckled, leaning down to kiss Kylo. The kiss got heated very quickly and before they knew it Hux was laying flat on his back with Kylo straddling his hips. “Kylo...” Hux breathed, fingers entwined in messy black hair. “Mhmm,” Kylo moaned against the other's neck. “Go lock the fucking door,” Hux laughed slightly. When Kylo went to lock the door, they both decided it was the best time to remove the 5 layers of dark clothing they wore. Kylo returned to straddling Hux, slowly working his way down his body, leaving kiss marks and love bites on the snow white skin. Kylo wrapped his hand around Hux's dick, slowly jerking him off. He felt Hux tug at his hair before slowly licking a strip from the bottom of his shaft to the head, engulfing it in his mouth. Hux shivered above him as Kylo quickened his pace. “K-Kylo, stop,” Hux breathed. Kylo ignored him and continued sucking, his hand rubbing what he couldn't fit into his mouth. “Stop or I'm gonna cum,” Hux said through gritted teeth. Kylo released Hux and crawled back up to quickly peck Hux on the lips, so he could taste himself. He knew Hux hated when he did that. “You're disgusting,” Hux said. Kylo only laughed in reply, reaching over the general to his night stand where the lube and condoms were kept. Kylo quickly rolled the condom down Hux's hard length, both of them too eager and impatient to take things slowly. Kylo went back to straddling Hux, positioning his dick below his entrance. Kylo slowly slide down, face screwing up in slight pain. It had been a few weeks, after all. Kylo let out a moan when Hux's length was fully inside of him. He leaned forward so their chests pressed together, relaxing his head on the ginger's shoulder. Hux's hands explored Kylo's body. It was a beautifully built and a nice pale shade. Finally, Hux rested his hands on Kylo's ass and slowly began to push upwards. Kylo let out a moan, burying his face further into his shoulder. “Fuck. Fuckkk,” Kylo gripped the bedsheets tightly as Hux continued a quicker, harder pace. He was pounding into him at this rate, causing Kylo to moan whorishly. They were lucky the walls were thick. The tight heat was driving Hux crazy too, releasing small, breathy moans into Kylo's ear. “Hux faster please fuck me faster!” Kylo begged, reaching his hand down to rub his own cock. Hux somehow managed to pound into Kylo impossibly faster, ignoring the fact the bed was now banging off the walls. “Yes, fuck right there,” both men were close to their peak now. Kylo was the first to reach his orgasm, spraying drops of cum across his chest and Hux's too, throwing his head back and screaming the general's name. That was enough to push Hux over the edge. He stalled inside of Kylo, releasing his seed into the condom before pulling out and throwing it in the trash. Kylo collapsed on top of Hux, exhausted. Hux gently placed a kiss on top of his head. Kylo breathed in Hux's strong, musky scent. He enjoyed their time together, but of course it wasn't long before Hux returned back to normal and was demanding Kylo to get off him. Hux sat up and cleaned himself and Kylo off, before quickly getting dressed. “What's the rush?” Kylo asked, still laying motionless and naked on the bed. “We have a meeting in five minutes that's what,” Hux said putting on his shoes. “Shit!” - Now, Kylo and Hux had attended some boring meetings in their lives, but this particular one was mind numbingly awful. Yet there wasn't anything that much different. In fact, with everything going on, it was rather exciting. But Kylo was sleepy after sex and just wanted to go back to his room and fall asleep in Hux's arms. Hux felt Captain Phasma glare at the two of them. When he looked over at her, she quickly turned away. Sure, it was slightly awkward. But Hux thought if she was going to say anything, she would of said it by now. Hux turned his attention to Kylo, who was staring at this one spot on the table. He was clearly bored and his mind was somewhere else. Hux went back to listening to this 'great plan' some of the other leaders had came up with. Hux overall genuinely wasn't that interested. “Commander?” One of the Lieutenants said. “What?” Kylo asked, snapping out of his daydream. “Would you like the ship sent out of Jakku to get the girl?” He repeated. Oh yeah. The girl- Rey. Dead father. Starkiller base destroyed. Luke Skywalker. He forgot. Reality seemed to jump back to Kylo as he began remembering why they were on this mission in the first place. Things went back to normal as Kylo stood up and began giving orders. Once instructed, the crew ran in all different directions frantically beginning the decent to Jakku. It was an hour later before everything was quiet in the board room. Hux sat back in the shadows watching everyone run around, questioning the commander. Luckily, only one person died this time. Hux walked over to where Kylo was sitting staring out the window. His mask was on obviously, but he knew he was deep in thought. “You're hot when you're angry,” Hux smirked. Kylo laughed, “oh please.” There was a comfortable silence for the next few moments before one of the stormtroppers ran in and told Kylo that Rey came onto the ship, voluntarily. Chapter 5 : 5 Notes: LMAO im back soz Kylo was pleasantly surprised when the stormtropper informed him that Rey had decided to come onto the ship without a fuss. Although Kylo knew it didn't mean she was going to be so willing to share what he needed, not without a catch anyway. Hux looked down at Kylo. It was hard to read what he was feeling since his mask covered his face. Of course, Kylo had nothing personal against the scavenger. He had no plans with her except to get the information he needed. Although, the girl was force sensitive, left him for dead on the planet the resistance had destroyed, so he still wasn't in the best of moods with the girl. Kylo still remembers the incident that took place not that long ago, maybe it was a good few weeks now. His body was littered in scars and bruises, but there was no bigger wound than being defeated that day. Kylo closed his eyes and flashed back to lying on the snow. His vision was blurry and all he could feel was the pain piercing through his entire body as he watched Rey escape his grasp. He'd passed out from the heat of the planet beginning to explode, despite it being in the snow. When Kylo woke up he was in the aid room. There was a nurse tending to the large scar on his stomach from the blast. The only other person in the room was Hux, who kept a safe distance away in the shadows. “Commander, I was sent by the Supreme Leader to make sure you are well, have you recovered?” Hux asked. Kylo hated this. He could sense Hux's pain the moment he picked him up off the ground and carried him back to the ship. Kylo and Hux weren't just pretending nothing was going on between them, they pretended to downright hate each other. Two leaders on their knees to see who can impress the giant hologram in that dark room the most. Without a doubt, this tension was real at first. But six months ago, after a few (too many) pints, they discovered something within each other that would satisfy their needs. It was just fun and games after that. But that day, when Kylo lost everything he had been working for, when he was lying defeated on the cold ground, Hux picked him up- literally, off the ground, but emotionally too. From that moment Kylo saw that despite the years of pettiness and the last few months of harmless passion, Kylo's desire towards the red head developed into something real. Hux claims he's here on behalf of the Supreme Leader, but Kylo can see right through him. Hux was impossible to read at first, he still is sometimes. But the Commander knew Hux wanted to make sure his friend was okay. But there was a nurse present, so the General acted neutral, cold even. To this day Kylo and Hux still act viciously towards each other. Sometimes after a meeting, when things start getting heated in Kylo's chambers, Hux will whisper “did you mean what you said earlier?” Sometimes he did. “Yes Hux, that idea is stupid.” Other times it was different. “No of course not, I had to say it to make things look normal.” The two weeks after starkiller base was destroyed were the two weeks Kylo began acting strange. Now here they were- mutually in love (without a word) and caught by Phasma, who despite promising not to say anything, acted distant. But of course Kylo had to push his love life to the back of his mind to focus on work. Rey was here. Rey has seen Luke Skywalker. Rey knows where he is. Kylo marched down the long corridor towards the room where Rey is held captive, the same room she escaped last time. He was accompanied by three guards, Captain Phasma and of course, General Hux. Kylo had no plans of leaving the room till he knew exactly where his uncle was. “Well well, look who I have back in my grasp,” Kylo greeted Rey. She was bound to the chair but remained calm. Kylo felt the force radiating off her. He got close to her face, too close for comfort. She was glad he still had that mask on. She didn't want to look into the eyes of a boy who could murder his own father. “You've seen him,” Kylo said. “You're gonna have to be more specific.” Kylo smirked at the sarcastic tone. It reminded him off the resistance pilot who he had captured prior to the incident. The pilot who swore he would never confess where the map was. The same pilot who caved in after a few minutes of oxygen deprivation, confessing the map was in the BB unit, who was with Rey at the time. Did Kylo plan to use the same torture method on Rey? Only if he had to. But first, he wanted to see into the girl's mind. What she knows, what she's seen, who she even is... “My uncle, Luke Skywalker, you're the first person to see him in years. I don't know why a scavenger like you went after him but that's what we're all here to find out, isn't it?” Kylo said, circling the chair that pinned Rey down, preventing her escape. “You are not his nephew. A kind, gentle Jedi like him is not related to whatever vicious monster you are!” Rey spat. Kylo laughed, “fair point, scavenger. But is it right to assume we're the bad guys, the villains. People tell you resistance good, first order bad, but what proof is there that this is the case? What if I told you we're the right side to be on, you won't believe me because you grew up brainwashed thinking the Jedi are the answer to everything. Don't believe everything people tell you, Rey, the force is strong in you, join the dark side.” Rey smirked, “I believe it is you who has to keep in mind not to accept everything people tell you, especially what you tell yourself, finish what Darth Vader started? ” Kylo pulled away from Rey and took off his mask, slamming it down so he could look deep into her eyes. “How do you know that?” “I can see into your mind,” Rey replied. Kylo gritted his teeth in anger. How is this possible? He turned around to everyone else in the room, demanding them to leave at once. Phasma and Hux waited outside, along with three stormtroppers. They knew what was going on at the surface, but there was clearly something deeper going on. “Phasma, is everything okay?” Hux asked. He couldn't help but notice the Captain staring at her feet. She had been avoiding the couple most of the day, only staring at them when they were unaware. “What? Yes General,” she replied, voice as quiet as a mouse. Hux sighed, “If this is in regards to earlier, I apologise.” He tried to speak without letting the other people in the room catch on to what they were talking about. “Don't apologise Sir I was just, very surprised you see,” the Captain replied. “That shocking?” Hux was aware it was a secret but was it that big a deal? 'Don't answer that...' “In all honestly, yes it was. I have no problem at all with it, I just didn't expect, out of everyone in the first order, it would be you two...” Phasma replied, her voice quieting down to a whisper at the end of the sentence. Hux forgets it is only he and Kylo who know of their act. They forget that outside the bedroom, to everyone else, they are two leaders with completely different backgrounds, competing for the attention of the first order. “Have you said anything to anyone else?” Hux asked. Phasma shook her head, “I keep my promises, Sir.” Meanwhile back in the room, Kylo was growing angrier and more frustrated by the second. It was difficult to get into her head. Whatever small amount of training she took part in was helping her become stronger with the force. “They sent you, why? You're just a scavenger, aren't you? How could you possibly be force sensitive, who is your family?” Kylo was pacing around the room. These questions were mostly directed at himself, trying to figure Rey out. “You don't know your family,” Kylo could see the images of a young girl, watching her family abandon her in the sandy planet, never to return again. “But why you? Why not Leia.” Kylo struggled to say his mother's name. “This would be a breakthrough for you, wouldn't it? Young girl, left behind on the biggest junkyard in the galaxy, suddenly thrown into this life with adventure, a life where you finally could have a reason for waking up in the morning.” Kylo was getting deeper into Rey's mind, but his success was limited. “But what about you? Ben Solo, young Jedi to be, but that wasn't good enough for you, was it?” Rey began to fight back, looking deep into Kylo's mind. “Just a kid, another student in a class, nothing was ever enough. You didn't receive the worship you think you deserve, so you were easily manipulated to come here, weak just like your grandfather.” Kylo's face grew red with an anger he hadn't felt in a long time. His hand went to grab his lightsaber but he stopped himself, he had to keep her alive. He must know where Luke Skywalker is. “So here you are, Commander of the first order, but why are you still so sad? You want this power, you have it, but you want to be loved as well. You know you can't have both.” Rey was cut off when General Hux walked into the room, informing him that Supreme Leader Snoke demanded both their presence. Now. Rey looked at Hux, then back to Kylo, figuring out exactly what she needed. “But you can't have both. You need to pick a side, love or power, Ben.” That was the final straw. Kylo didn't receive any useful information from the girl, instead he was ripped apart and exposed from the inside, being told the exact thing he was preventing asking himself in the first place. But shit, she knows about them. And Snoke wants to see them both. Kylo was well and truly fucked. Why wouldn't Rey out the couple? It would destroy the first order. It would kill Kylo. Where else would he go? Home? Another planet. He could, no one would recognise him without the mask... Kylo was practically planning his own funeral in his head as he and the young girl approached the Supreme Leader. Rey was smirking, knowing the power she had in her hands. Supreme Leader Snoke was here all right, but he wasn't a hologram this time. He was here, in full form, alone, waiting on the three of them. “Rey,” he began, “I've heard a lot about you...” Chapter 6 : 6 Notes: Ahh! I honestly believe my writing skills get worse as they go on. Anyway, huge shoutout to those who comment, kudos or even bother to read this thing it's so bad lmao Rey was standing beside Kylo, completely free, but even she knew herself she wouldn't dare to run. Supreme Leader Snoke was in front of them, halfway up the steps and Hux stood behind Kylo and Rey, in the shadows, as usual. “The force is strong with you, very strong, young lady,” Snoke spoke, examining her. Rey was trying her best to block anyone from reading her mind – Snoke, Kylo, could Hux read her mind? She wasn't actually sure who he was. General? Kylo's lover? She better keep her thoughts quiet. Rey was rather intimidated by Snoke. He was around seven feet tall and possessed strong, alien features. However to Kylo and Hux, this was nothing compared to the large hologram version of the Supreme leader they are used to. But despite that, no one was scared of Snoke more than the Commander and General in this moment. “Are you going to attempt and get information from me, because your servants failed to do so?” Rey questioned. Kylo sighed and closed his eyes. Failure, servant. The Supreme Leader chuckled and began descending down the steps towards her. Snoke towered over both Rey and Kylo. “I won't try and get information out of you, I will get information out of you,” Snoke spat, uncomfortably close to Rey's face. A shiver went down her spine. “As for you two,” Snoke said, pulling away from the young girl to glare at both Kylo and Hux. “I am deeply disappointed, especially in you, Kylo Ren.” Snoke watched him both, deep in thought. Kylo knew he was a dead man. He failed, again. Snoke was angry. He had no chance. “But, you're the only force sensitive man I have in the first order, so I have no choice but to spare you,” Snoke said. Kylo let out a sigh of relief, “Thank you, Master.” However Snoke glared at the General, who was still hiding in the shadows, “You. Over here. Now.” General Hux dragged his feet along the floor whilst staring down in shame, like a kid who had just been caught doing something he shouldn't have. “General, not only has there been a rebellion within your troops, they prevented to save starkiller base, leading us all back to square one,” Snoke began. Was the Supreme Leader really bringing this back up again? He had already apologised and began to fix the incident. Hux nodded, “I know Sir, and I take full responsibility-” “Silence!” Snoke demanded, “It has been a month now and we are still too many troops behind and I've been given no cemented plan as to how you're going to solve this.” “Supreme Leader I already gave-” “General!” Snoke spat. Hux flinched at the yelling. Kylo was upset. It's not Hux's fault Kylo couldn't extract information from the girl. The Supreme Leader said it himself- the force is strong with Rey. They are more or less equal in power. “Because of these incidents, as well as other things I won't go into too much detail about, I'm stripping you of your position as General and removing you from the first order.” Kylo had a decision to make. He could act neutral and let Hux leave and get everything he ever wanted, or he could try and save his ass, and look suspicious at the same time. “And since you're no longer required...” Snoke thought for a moment, “Ren, do me the honours would you?” The Supreme Leader wanted Kylo to kill him. “Yes, Sir.” “Now, leave the girl with me.” Kylo grabbed Hux and dragged him out of the holoroom. Hux started to put up a fight against the Commander. Kylo found it slightly humorous yet insulting that he thought he was actually going to kill him. “Okay we need a plan, and it's going to have to be quick because he's going to want to kill her, and we need her alive till we get the information,” Kylo explained to Hux. “You're not going to kill me?” Hux asked playfully. Kylo smirked, “Not yet I won't.” “Well, Commander, I doubt the Supreme Leader would be expecting an attack at this moment,” Hux suggested. “Are you saying we should kill him? You'll get us all killed if we do that!” Kylo replied. “Look at it this way, we can either go in and try with three against one being quite successful, or we could do nothing, the girl and I die anyway, and you die for not killing me, so I say take that oddly shaped glowing sword out and do something everyone has been waiting for since he took over!” - “Commander, did you do as I asked?” the Supreme Leader asked. Kylo looked down at Rey, doubled over in pain and bruised, “Yes, master.” “Good now, our guest here isn't co-operating very nicely, would you like to do what you failed to do earlier?” Kylo bent down on one knee beside the girl. He placed his hand on her sweaty forehead, tricking Snoke into believing he was trying to extract information. Instead, he sent a message into her mind. “If you want to live a bit longer, you're going to have to help me kill the Supreme Leader, and you're just going to have to trust me on this, okay?” Rey nodded in her weak state, and Kylo turned his attention back to the Supreme Leader. “Well, where is the map?” Snoke questioned. Kylo looked down at Rey, who let out an inaudible whisper. “Speak up girl!” Snoke demanded. “The force chock has left her vocal chord damaged, you may need to approach her,” Kylo suggested. He guested Rey was doing this on purpose. Snoke sighed angrily and marched down the steps, and ordered Rey to repeat herself. She did, and was just as quiet as the last time. Snoke leaned over her body and asked again, threatening to end her if he couldn't hear what she had to say this time. Kylo took this as the opportunity to pull out his labersaber, and quickly decapitated Snoke before the man had any time to react. Rey let out a scream as the head rolled beside her. “That was too easy,” Kylo said. He helped Rey to her feet, and their alliance disintegrated as he grabbed her arm and dragged her out the holoroom and back to the interrogation chamber. Kylo forced her back onto the chair. “Now, to make life easier for everyone including yourself I would tell me where that map is as soon as possible because I will get it from you. Since no one here can be trusted to prevent you from escaping you will go where ever I go when I'm not in here, understood?” Rey turned her head to the side, spat out blood and converted her eyes back to Kylo's, “I'm glad you think so.”